Jun 10, 2015
Fallout: New Vegas
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
11:27am: "We're playing Fallout: New Vegas today at 3:30pmCDTish today." (archive.vn/Cqgof)
3:43pm: "We're playing Fallout New Vegas Now!!!" (archive.vn/13ANB)

[Part I]
Yeah right okay rich what oh you want
the game back rich got the game fix the
street rich you got the game off turn
off it okay
so in honor if you're up or playing a
game that's an apocalyptic wasteland oh
snap oh snap you know it's not true like
before and the game takes place at Vegas
this is just a give shit this is just
what we were playing no matter what and
I've gotten several tweets and messages
from people wanting another more
European time friendly stream so this is
what you get this is a you get Jack
drinking in the afternoon game audio is
too loud
really still that should be comically
low we'll see okay you playing for the
winning team no US air force base
who's the winning team that's a poster
though
oh okay new this will start a new game
yes boo yeah gosh I think booyakasha has
been around longer than the service but
yes by the way I wholeheartedly endorse
the Nickelodeon cartoon teen interview
Ninja Turtles I wholeheartedly endorse
the doors the first season second season
five for children five yes as someone
who has to watch a lot of children's
program I still endorse it it's still
better than a lot of what's out there
it went from something that could be
enjoyed equally by children something
we got a little monster-of-the-week it
did
oh look bebop and Rocksteady oh yeah all
right that's fair I'm not gonna defend
bebop and rocksteady nice but in honor
of rich Evans I'm not skipping the
cutscenes I do well I want to make sure
if I end up not liking this game I don't
want it to be another one of those we
didn't win you didn't pay attention and
then you're upset when you don't get it
I chant I did get Karen to watch fury
road
she didn't care for the time you know
what's you know what's ironic
yeah that's incredibly ironic funny as
decades past what had been the emergence
a little bit right beneath the flag of
the new California Republic that's
really catered to old world but she's
not me she is she a like an action movie
or in general so it probably wasn't her
thing to be I know I know I had to take
that chance
yeah seeking territory and wealth I am
to pay I'm double paying attention I can
pay attention to the TV and a Chad there
was so much available city untouched by
the warheads that had scorched the rest
of the world untouched by the war has I
heard that
then pastels thank you ami for
subscribing we really appreciate it
well than I do but across the Colorado
another society had arisen under a
different flag a vast army of slaves
oh that's a good idea
can I do when I hit the start button I
see cutscene I skip the cutscene this is
what you guys get for telling me mid
cutscene that might have been just a
trick to kids is good because that's
perfect
I don't fall for those no wait I can
turn some tiles on later
that that that dead dead dead dead dead
dead dead dead dead it Oh some titles
were Ariane want yeah that was that was
a trick
great oh fuck I guess the cutscenes just
don't have subtitles it's stupid look at
this oh here we go there's subtitles
alright so much saying for your
information yeah this is a Chernobyl
kins Kim kinsmen fYI you got shot in the
head and buried at the end of that
cutscene great thank you
answer character name Oh apparently I
entered the character name I I hit a
button god damn it my name is courier
leftover beefcake you are right I would
just make everyone watch the cutscene
again that is true that's rich yep I'm
not gonna do that
I'm I'm a little bit OCD when it comes
to that kind of stuff the cutscenes I
need to not break my narrative what I'm
playing a game yeah that narrative has
to flow goddamnit
who do I be doing I'll be a boy or girl
shit fuck you want I've been ladies you
know what I like being lady's cat Cajun
let me a kak Asian lady I will Caucasian
there we go Charlize Theron even monster
what look cuz she's got the hair okay I
wanna I want to make her all bald though
really huh really yeah just like you
just like me now okay she my girl okay
no what is it with you on old ladies
you're always old lady it again be an
old lady you're an old lady like I'm an
old lady
I think it's funny that's good is there
something we don't know hairstyle here
it is unladylike is that what I was on I
don't know there you go oh yeah shaved
you went past it by the way I know I'm
just listen I'm just looking Sarge
nice no you know I like that I'm lady if
somebody wants you to make furiosa what
if she rose that bald choosers bald
right there might have been like it's
fuzz on her head
sure yeah all right this is furiosa door
her hair was dark
that's just starting to change that's
okay yeah
mmm that seems pretty furiosa preset
brown chocolate Platinum it seems better
rich does this game how you envision the
future just tell egami
oh no there are there's still people
alive so no all right we got shot in the
head and now this guy's helping us for
some reason TG Phoenix wants us to name
her spike wow it's too late I I tried to
rename the character but apparently I
hit okay instead of renamed there we go
yeah yeah
what is this take do I want to take that
no it's just a paperweight well thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
we really appreciate it nice okay talk
to doc Mitchell oh you get a chance to
rename her later once you leave the town
oh great it was this thanatos 388
what am I trying to do here I don't know
what you're doing your stance but you're
doing your stats perception 1 to 9 1 to
1000 I get it sorry I didn't jack
what never played ok what sets no
apparently not so what I got you your
points to go I know I'm just looking at
what I got charisma intelligence well
apparently if we go sub brick the
conversations get very funny really yeah
someone told me that too via Twitter
luck we got to go high in luck oh no
shit what did you do apparently I dammit
I was cycling through them and
apparently if you kept cycling you were
just done I thought I'd cycle back
around can I go back I don't know can I
go back can I go back cut damn it I
don't even know what I chose I don't
either welcome all of our European
viewers to see me fuck around and fall
out and okay oh this is insane
to grab an object look at it and push
right stick what am i grabbing this it's
bad at your stats note I like stacked it
all in strength and nothing else you
want to restart maybe you can skip the
cutscene maybe and get back you're
fairly quick fairly quick how bad did I
do everyone how bad that I'm saying
restarts oh my god
new game
we're absolute great start they think
yeah I think we're just off to a great
start we are I think we should weary
watch the cutscene so do you if you were
me I would yeah but I mean Oh apparently
we don't get a choice this time you only
get the cutscene really this is one look
so I'm never gonna see that cutscene no
because you skipped it apparent well I I
mean I only skipped it cuz I wanted to
turn on the subtitles
oh that's obnoxious I'm gonna have to
find the save and delete it when I play
this game is what you're saying oh
that's horrible I'm sorry okay how do I
change my character's name Oh probably
with the keyboard here that's my problem
I've been trying to do it with there we
go okay what's your uh so we're gonna be
furiosa your how do you spell furiosa
prime with an i yes here why don't you
be free oh so we'll find you nice first
suit is that a furiosa right there yeah
okay great
furiosa okay we'll get you some cat ears
Oh
name's a name that's right good Springs
great come on Chernobyl uh kinsman says
use the goddamn mouse - keyboard I have
no control over what's going on nope
it's me I have no control at all take it
my first time playing this game fuck off
sometimes you just gotta make mistakes
you know
alright this is like watching your
grandfather play it game that's talking
about that
which one looks more like Charlize
that's this one this one looks like
shaggy shut up
that's good that was okay great
customized need to be more round need to
be more round faced jaw here we go
what makes you actively chatting live
yeah there we go
chin chin there we go this is looking a
little more Charlize where's your gaping
head wound if I just got it way he put
my face back together without a scar
without yeah they're pretty good they
are pretty good in the post apocalypse
they're pretty good in the post
apocalypse somebody there's a scar
option where you can put a scar on your
head that would be great that's you need
that it doesn't make any sense without
bad
it's plat suede maybe suede
that's why it's good pecan pecan Auburn
ginger
Auburn ginger honey honey honey
done Joe blank is saying you spend about
point zero zero zero zero one percent of
your time in this game looking at your
face right I just want to be furiosa
alright this time we're gonna do better
at the stats the vigor test machine okay
it is two eraser I'm gonna win okay
activate the videomatic okay so I have
five points to spend yep okay strength
will tell you how easily cowboy totes a
saddle we want one-inch strength okay
maybe two inch strength feel cuz we're
going we're gonna be furiosa right
whatever she have one arm she can't be
that strong okay well she's half as
strong as she could be in any case well
but she has a metal arm that's even
stronger so she's gonna be barrel
chested perception furiosa is not very
perceptive well I suppose she did sneak
sneak the the thing maybe I don't know
average go average okay
endurance she's got some endurance we'll
give her an extra endurance for Tom
party huh party for Tom Hardy ah nice
charisma nope she's going but she's
losing a point for charisma peevish
library Oh creepy Undertaker that's
where she's gone she is not very cares
okay okay
intelligence yes yeah she's intelligent
a smartypants okay agility knife thrower
luck she's got some luck well there with
her clunky metal arm slowing her down
you think I don't know I'll take one
back can't like I don't give a fuck
she's very lucky I'll tell you that oh
wait no I know we'll give her an extra
luck then great now we've got furiosa we
might be being played but one in
charisma Christmas useless that's what
people are saying
i-i'll o'red charisma already by a
couple points yeah they're saying one is
what they're saying mmm
you know what I'm just just saying what
was this thing what was the thing they
told us to do and I know I know
resistance I already want to creep you
Undertaker I'm okay with that I'm okay
with creepy Undertaker I would love to
get another point in luck but we can do
that later
people saying those stats are fine okay
great these stats are fine
yeah that's pretty standard score
they're great news great well we know
your vitals are good that don't mean the
bullets don't even nuttier than a bigger
horns Robin we what are you talking
about doc what do you talk about doc
ain't nutty oh you know cotton we go
through a couple questions great Jack
hates it when people talk to him in game
I do you have no idea how much I hate
that and and for some reason he's
decided to play a role playing game all
right
no there is no way that this stream
doesn't end in disaster comes to mind
know what's gonna happen - somebody's
gonna be telling Jack's very important
things there's somebody's gonna tell
Jack exactly what he needs to do just
right now I didn't through the next
section of the game I didn't hear what
he said yeah and he's gonna skip it yep
and then he's gonna spend an hour
wandering around complaining that he
doesn't know what I don't know what to
do this games terrible I don't know what
to do it's gonna happen Oh Sheldon night
sleep bandit bandit rich you're gonna be
playing in ten minutes anyway
not with a goddamn controller I'm not we
got a mouse and keyboard it's funny I'm
gonna have to like hunched over on this
coffee table to do it no bandit I don't
I don't have my wife desk or either I
don't have my good mouse with the nice
buttons mother cookie jar had human
shield come on mother oh that's the
first furious that it's regret I'm
trying to channel furious strongly
disagree I trained to might not bitching
about how I could play this game how are
you willing to play it and play it in
sang which is such a diva yeah it's true
Captain Spaulding this is that capitaine
I'm slow to embrace new ideas agree I
charged in to deal with my problems
head-on fuck yeah almost done here
what do you say you have a look at this
tell me what you see chemical reaction a
shadow in a doorframe an oozing wound
probably an oozing wound no
psychological giving it yeah but I'm
taking this as the character of furiosa
from fury road okay
she wouldn't know what a C is she's from
the Greenland she probably knows what
water is
yeah but she's from the grass you don't
know what the C is to she's too
embarrassed last one Elvis the answer to
all of these vaginas pelvis how it looks
like but yeah that looks like a pelvis
does mushroom Club I think it does l0
you're crazier than a crazy person okay
great
done
you gotta form since you're metaphoric
cool a lot of talking choose up to two
traits okay here we go
so they said Wild Wasteland let's go no
you want to trust me not for the faint
of heart now that seems like that seems
like it's it's gonna be very difficult
ooh here we go let you fire a little
slower but are 20% more accurate I like
that due to your small size you have one
agility but your limbs are more easily
crippled to Jesus if you really had good
aim curious I did have good aim you're
skilled but not experienced a game five
points good time when aiming yeah all
right so we got a trigger discipline and
now we choose one more tray let's see
what was something like mechanic right
when your health drops below 50% you
gain 10% more damage again 25 pounds
you're caring about that for Winona
well wasteland just adds the classic fun
bits to the game Wild Wasteland does not
make it harder Wild Wasteland adds a
bunch of Easter eggs Wild Wasteland is
fun
please Wild Wasteland unleashes the most
bizarre and silly elements of
post-apocalyptic America well that would
be fury road okay okay alright you know
what you got me boom Zehra trace left
done
all right I guess that about does it
because they use the word silly where we
going now mister someone's saying good
nature she tried to save those baby
factories after all yeah but she does so
because she feels a horrible amount of
guilt for awful things she's done in the
past yeah so probably not it's all right
we got we and she has good aim and we're
more wild and crazy' gaps somebody wants
you to find in refrigerator okay why
haven't you seen the movie yet how long
has it been out but not for like four
weeks you know we're reaching that point
in which spoilers be damned I will try
to keep it light but my wife but yeah
we're reaching that point where's the
spoiler threshold is over just a heads
up let's see here
don't mention it it's what I'm here for
though then again I have no idea I have
just no idea I reckon some of the other
folks at the saloon might be able to
help you out too and the metal fella
Victor who pulled you out of your grade
I'm rich tell Jack if he was going to
use the trigger discipline perk he needs
to change the attributes you tagged
earlier right now you are set up to be
an unarmed tank or melee I scroll up I
can't read the rest hardcore mode now
so don't fuck it we got out what
all right
Kota transmission some sort with a sad
jazzy undercurrent that makes your head
hurt sorry as you can tell it appears to
be an invitation to the midnight science
fiction feature at the Mojave I've in
please arrive early to catch the
trailers okay okay
coordinates that lead to the canyon
wreckage west of Prim okay
great great great my level cap has risen
by 15 already rich isn't that great mmm
that's great we're doing it are we going
to talk about Mad Max spoilers I don't
think we're going to have an in-depth
discussion of the movie no but I'm not
gonna be washing my mouth so if
something slips sorry
pretty much we will have because there's
something that I really want to talk
about there that kind of bothers me a
little bit about Mad Max but it won't be
today okay it won't be today we will try
not to but we will try not to
I have I have a 9-millimeter pistol and
no ammo great but why haven't machete
that's nice and a razor shotgun with no
ammo a thriver throwing spear no I have
ten throwing spears that's great
okay
there we go whoa it's great possible to
increase the video bitrate that's what
I'm the stream if we do that then it
might stutter a little bit more might we
might get dropped frames I mean it is
possible yes but the way that twitch
works it's not just the the bitrate
doesn't just affect how we stream out it
affects how you view and so those people
with slower internet connections will
also have a harder time viewing it okay
and so we try to find that balance
between a good-looking a good-looking
stream that everyone can watch I'm
thinking my computer could probably
handle it oh yeah your computer and the
internet here could probably handle it
but it also that would then also affect
how people get okay can you play this
game in first person
yeah oh you can switch on the fly oh but
uh you know so it's a useless but
because you're obably gonna pick one and
stick to it yeah okay I like and also
like just the way that this is it's
still first person controls you just see
them and so that's actually more
bothersome to me how old is this game
that's a good question you feel pretty
you look pretty floating in a third
person
yeah right I mean you are really floaty
that's moonwalking
all right first person it is alright
we're looking for a bar okay do we have
it is there a thing on the oh yeah there
it is our map has little markers see
that big arrow right there
yep thanks
whoo there's a solo there's the saloon
look guys I'm winning already doo doo
doo doo doo motocycles some badass
looking motorcycles I mean I'm sure you
can now right now you should be able to
do whatever you want right thanks easy
Pete great
goodbye yes we are playing on PC Jake
just jacks just got a controller thing I
don't I don't get it
I got a controller thing he's got a
controller I like controllers the feel
good
what's Jack what Jack is saying is that
he's wrong max jacket thank you sue a
jacket killer I'd steal her jacket I
think yeah me I'm sure you can't get a
jacket like that be easier to kill her
and still hers maybe oh she has he even
has a dog it's funny she met Maxine I
think so she's Cheyenne like the way you
walk like that we go when you talk all
right let's see what else is in here
play pool could I just steal everything
activate jukebox nope
what's in here I'm just gonna steal all
this stuff steal a brac so clean it but
I then if you steal stuff I think people
yell at you like oh I totally stealing
plunger somebody's saying you can do
whatever you want except go north out of
town which i think is reverse psychology
they're trying to use yes
maybe north and out of town is very fun
no no I think north and out of town
that's probably a really dangerous and
they want to end they wanted like trick
us into going there now fuck you door
I'm you know what I'm fine with that
okay okay can you save well yeah first
this this little this bit he's got to
teach me how to survive in the wild hey
bitty I want her check it's all I want
I don't think we can do that why not why
can't I take her Jagan hole right
trigger what bottles she said there are
sarsaparilla bottles so there
now what Oh God
actually use this Baptist thing that's
what I thought you do okay this
increases your actors click the Crouch
steel everything around them all blind
okay
understand game tell you what I gotta go
chase geckos away from our water supply
anyway darn critters are attracted to it
why don't you come along Thanks okay
follow me it's just down to the
southeast a short ways okay whoa there
we go I was crouching still shoot the
dog shoot the dog don't shoot the dog I
won't choose dog I'd be mean she's a dog
she was dogged Mad Max the road warrior
not loving new ones so spoiler unless we
can't spoil thirty-year old movie that's
even older than 30 years right 80 anyone
anyone anyone okay I'm not sure
I mean I'll believe you yeah 30
something year old movie do do do do do
do do do do do do do do I like your
pants
doo doo doo doo doo let's do it what are
we doing come on Lady take a sip from
your trusty volt 13 can t know what do I
need to how do I do that
apparently the Europeans are very
finicky about their bid rates because
more bitching about the bit rate yeah
yeah their bid rate snobs over there I'm
sorry we we have not they got that high
quality European Internet oh do you oh
do you where's my uh my canteen
there's there's a disadvantage to doing
things first like like our TV was a
lower standard than pal mm-hmm because
we set up our networks first and by the
time they got around to set that up in
Europe the technology was a little bit
better
sure so they had pal yeah I think the
Internet's the same way I think they're
ready that's a little bit faster we got
our high-speed line set up technology
love it better I mean the rest of the
world starts installing these things we
have great internet now but you know not
everybody does and we just want to make
sure that everyone can all right where's
my canteen oh there it is
hotkey your right button Jacklyn armor
whoa
welcome to the vault Tec assisted
targeting system change body parts great
cool whoa don't shoot the dog
don't be Jesus Christ okay I figured out
how to use that I tried to take a sip of
my canteen by the way and I got into the
VAT system oh great according to the hot
button in the menu it was right button
Oh cake pocket I'm not gonna pickpocket
what's happening no no don't shoot her
yes we want her jacket that's all we
want
stop trying to shoot her look I'm like
over here
what are you pressing what are you
whatever you're pressing don't press it
anymore okay I'm sneaking we need a new
target I'm pressing my vats button cuz I
thought we were supposed to be hunting
geckos so I'm looking for geckos I'm
hidden
ooop caution
what does the advance button right
button oh here it is hey they come so
that says we need to Oh danger okay so
let's try the headshot so you can take
the 63% shot over the 95 well alright
let's take the night if I resent it oh
oh except sorry hey Sherman Alexie what
happens sure I don't know oh oh is heads
a 95% shot oh just want to stop him from
running I kind of I kind of like the the
shooting yeah yeah but that's not you
know what I thought you might wait stop
it target body part okay target target
with the right stick choose the body
part with the last day I head right it
right in there okay ready what are you
okay know what at or so it looks like
the tour whoreson was its own health bar
when you trying to take that down to
nothing okay
if you both of them at the same time
something's telling me no how do I know
what I've selected it's probably the one
that's highlighted sure blowing ah right
and how do you do this
it's a to accept right but a isn't
highlighted do I need to like reload or
something maybe oh that's my problem
okay
I needed to reload nope not reload
how do I do this I don't know I can't
select anymore so he seems lower right
corner you have no action points left
I have no action points the thing on the
bottom right the AP how do I get action
point looks like they recharge you might
have some now oh okay thanks dollar you
did terrible I did terrible well though
that was my first time that's alright
that's is a terrible slow system just
shooting that seems like it adds a a
tactical layer to the game
that's not twitchy but you don't need to
use it I don't know
there's two more wells that still need
clearing you want you can come along
it'd be worth a few caps to me sure take
more than a couple you can shoot without
this oh great
you can shoot without vats and why have
it it's both it's both kinds of games
that's interesting yeah why not just
make another shooter why have something
that's unique and different well but but
then if you're gonna make something
that's unique and different why do I
give it that I'm going to assume a lot
of people bitch because it was unique
and different and they just wanted a
sample shooter like everything else
right like that's my my theory and I'm
sticking with it sure hey I did it I did
it I got him I got one where'd you go
where'd you go
shit I lost her sunny sunny
sunny
sunny what are you doing i glossed the
lady she was too embarrassed to be seen
with you
and she loved shit this is
post-apocalypse too happy it might be
there there can you do that's from there
probably Oh God terrible
but it's interesting sure your address
no no xxx calm has taught me anything
it's that 45% is a guaranteed this
that's what XCOM has taught me okay well
here let's get a little closer
what are we got now 81% what's 93 93 is
just the like yeah I knew this guy's a
little closer
95% okay oh god no one lady whoa maybe
you should have used that's just maybe I
should have used the van system I'm
sorry lady looter can you loot yep
bottle caps feel the hand outfit sure oh
sorry I took all your clues not sorry
not sorry
you're dead
at edge at select and accept boom nope
thank you better office job right I
totally a.m.
and this is why controllers suck no it's
fine everything's fine rich really that
didn't kill you I shot you twice in the
head that doesn't kill you so you can
get all find out where my lady is follow
your compass arrow and that should take
you to your lady lady that should take
you to your jacket lady I jump down here
you take this you can do more than one
shot with a vats by the way Oh real
quaint says thank you the real queen
that is useful information I'm assuming
you can do it until you're out of action
points ah I'm with you grandpa's
understanding Krieger 783 says you
should really be using a mouse and
keyboard for this game you know I agree
wholeheartedly wholeheartedly drag is
more comfortable with a control that's
fine we have really what needs to be
what needs to happen is I need to
remember to bring my controller I'm once
again using Rich's controller which I
don't much care for thought I might
teach you about living off the land and
making useful things for yourself
interested alright then
ask your fucking trader a job right let
me think now I know I've seen Brock
flowers growing up at the graveyard rock
flowers there being Xander brood over by
the schoolhouse cooking use a butter gun
like the shotgun you have in your
inventory yes the shotgun in which I
have no bullets for you also have one of
the Mad Max jackets and they're 200
we'll see that's no excuse for so here's
the thing if you look at our shotgun
where's our shotgun
we didn't have a shotgun dude no here it
is as you can see we have zero bullets
so I would I wouldn't I agree I would
love to use our shotgun or our
nine-millimeter which again we have zero
bullets for or our whether to ten
millimeter what you're saying you do
have bullets for it as our bullets enter
an inventory that you can reload with we
have 5.5 millimeter rounds which is four
there oh do we have these 50 oh well
then fuck man how do we do this
fuck man I switched your shotgun and we
load the shotgun I guess
okay cool just get all these loaded then
all right sturdy a caravan shotgun equip
hot key right button okay now we got a
shotgun so now I need to find Brock
flowers this way to Brock
oh wait wait I had a Mad Max jacket you
wear what you want huh lightweight metal
armor tribal rating Jarvan I'm sure
that's it right I'm not sure
nope nope
maybe shred a lightweight metal armor
wait armored vault 13 jumpsuit that nope
it kind of mad maxi but now really it's
not that same jacket no it's not I mean
it's not that jacket but I think I'm
gonna go for a tribal lightweight
leather armor know what I had oh there
you go maxi now we're rocking right I
don't need another we don't need to know
the way how we just one let me alone fun
to town huh what's that what's what
there's like the little guy know up
right look in there is that a
refrigerator people were talking about
it is a refrigerator people we're
talking about that is a refrigerator and
it's full of bones what else is in there
ah a hat yes that's an Indiana Jones
head
ah that's funny take suave gambler hat
yes Oh cuz he died in the fridge he
nuked the fridge that's really funny
yeah yeah much much for the head on
you look like hot the fuck it can't be
the right oh it's a lady's head because
I'm a lady
I want the indie hat goddamnit
that's the suave gambler hat but now it
won't let me wear cuz I'm a lady
alright flower now get me one of them
flowers dammit my head I'll fucking day
Wow
Richie's gone Richie's gone off I've
gone full Tina Turner
it's got full Tina Turner where the fuck
is this Brock flower what the fuck
indeed come on Brock flower
Oh apparently I'm going back in town
alright there a run button that would be
helpful there's a glide gracefully along
the ground button that's why I'm doing
that no matter what we we I'm assuming
this game was designed to be
first-person yes but now that we have
the Mad Max armor we're gonna see the
Mad Max armor ok ok that's fair
Oh ahh
fucking bugs somebody says you already
just always use vats just just always
always always use vats if bows arm off
ok that sounds fun just his arm well you
know either side of his legs off can you
do that right legs and left legs sure so
if we select the left legs and select
the right legs ok and then hit shit on -
I don't think I don't ok so now I need
to get my help
fuck you I'm just gonna blow you up
torso yeah your dick mantis eggs yeah
yeah I don't know what I can do with
those but I'll take him did I kill you
or just wound you he's probably dead he
died after the first shot it was just
too much for him to handle I did shoot a
mantis with a shotgun okay where's that
flora
pick eggs and ur root great Xander
romantic okay great
got we got something I'm doing it I'm
playing a game yay Pazuzu says Jack's
doing fine for a first time Thank You
papa Zuzu if that's your name I'm
getting it I'm understanding you have to
I'm sure that this is the the real
problem is it if you have any sort of
like time into any game if you're
watching someone play it for the first
time I'm sure it can be an ungodly
frustrating because you know all the
things that I'm learning right now yeah
but them this is me I'm just learning be
here with me on my journey help me help
me chat you're my only hope
honestly you're my only hope maybe I get
to go up that hill that'd be cool
always use always be using vats always
be closing doors if I were playing this
game even if I found better armor I
would stick with the Mad Max outfit I
don't care what do you shoot the fuckin
suburban you have to get close you have
to get close once your aims gonna be
shit I won't hurt just to shoot him
again I guess
sadly bugs no matter where you should
just take much all right
can you loot yeah always be looting
corpses if you could eat him huh maybe
maybe if I like shot his limbs and he
died that way I could like loot his body
a reload oh it's double-barreled oh my
god right just look like big bugs shit
oh my god that's hideous
that's great oh there oh they're fast Oh
nope
29% 442 yeah let's get a little closer
there we go oh oh hey now I keep
forgetting which trigger does what
eat yeah what do you want to do a body
or wing I mean we know whatever wing my
wings might be fun
wings microphone RI let's see what
happens
though it's called the bloater fly or is
it just a blowfly not that one that one
come on system do we do we not have any
percentages glitch that might have been
a glitch
let's try again there we go fuckin head
off
Oh apparently you take more than one
shot all right I think I think no I
think that was just that five percent I
think you just missed you think yeah no
look I got him
Oh got him right he's fucking head shit
one for the wing apparently that's the
way to go all right
mmm oh I wish it was called a bloater
fly I wouldn't I would have liked that
better instead of just a instead of just
a blown fly oh yeah a bloater fly I
never look more like a butterfly for
that to really work sure all right wing
this is very satisfying I'll say that
killing these bugs
I'm sure Oh Oh what how come he can he
was like spitting something at me
digestive fluid then I guess mark and I
loot
let me loot your corpse would you really
want anything from that disgusting bug I
want blowed fly meets apparently yeah
this is the apocalypse yes yeah that
means that means we eat what we can it
means I'm gonna starve to death is what
that means some of us won't make it as
far as the others oh my got allude all
these corpses now saving would be a good
idea celibate thank you salad baked I
get all these meat come here meat
where's your help I think it's it's HP
down there okay it doesn't regenerate
does it uh I don't believe it does okay
okay I just saved we'll see - we have a
tick missing on our health so we'll see
if if it regenerates we are looking for
some kind of flower where is it this
looks like oh here it is alright so
let's just look at the grave okay
okay okay okay take that lantern what
are we looking forward to grave I'm
hidden
maybe there's another grave here's a
grave here a zoom in there wise deal
girl girl open grave
sure oh I need a shovel ha ha do I wait
do I have a soul we have a pistol a
throwing spear razor a cleaver
a machete no shovel oh wait here's
another grave nothing nothing
oh here's a grave
jayfrenzal
yeah jayfrenzal I'm I'm sorry if I don't
get your jokes you can't all be Easter
eggs okay I mean keep out yes fine
shovel find a shovel dig grave that's
the name of the game what's over here is
you need know if I were deaf I have a
problem for the shuttle somewhere around
here oh no I don't want to travel hon
word alright here we go dude dude

[Part II]
Jack: All right. Here we go. Mad Max.
Rich: What? What?
Jack: I don't...
Rich: That's terrible.
Jack: I just don't, I, you just, I...
Rich: Everything about that was horrible.
Jack: I just don't, I, I just don't...Rich, I just don't. Do wish there was a faster run.
Rich: Is there a car?
Jack: Maybe. I don't know.
Rich: Assuming there might be something you drive in this game.
Jack: Maybe.
Rich: People are saying, dammit, now can't change your stats. Other people are saying your stats are fine.
Jack: My, I didn't wanna change my stats. My stats are fine. I know you guys are saying, like, the stats I chose didn't mesh well with, like, the ups I chose, but that's, hey, that's just how we're doing it.
Rich: Okay.
Jack: That's, cuz that's Furiosa. She, she's a complicated woman.
Rich: I don't think you know what you're talking about.
Jack: I don't. I just don't, Rich. That's the real thing. I don't, and I don't want to.
Rich: But, I think this apocalypse has...
Jack: End of story.
Rich: ...indistinguishable from just any, like, a slummy area in Texas.
Jack: If you've, if, if anyone has ever driven between California and Las Vegas, this is just what it looks like now. You know, this is just modern day, what that looks like. So...yeah, it's, it's pretty good, though. They got mutants. Can only assume I'm heading back to the le-, to Sunny. There's a cart. Let's go look at the cart. Something in the cart?
Rich: Can you drive the cart? Can you throw an engine on the cart and drive it around?
Jack: Wouldn't that be great? Pick up cart. Nope. Okay. Okay. Onward to the lady. She's the lady I know. Did I really go this far away from town? Apparently.
Rich: Is that the same town?
Jack: I don't know. I think I'm supposed to go to this...well, I mean, I'm going to the big arrow. I don't know where I'm supposed to go. There's a big arrow that says, hey, dummy, come over here. And I need that. Oh, hey. There's a lady.
Rich: Chat is saying nice ass.
Jack: Yeah. That's why I'm choosing the third-person perspective, I wanna let you know. Talk to Sunny. Okay.
Rich: You are in the same outfit. Is that awkward in the post-apocalypse?
Jack: Uh, I just wanna let you know that I really respect you, and I'm wearing the top half out of respect for you. Healing power. Skill requirement.
Rich: Can you get your own dog?
Jack: I, I assume. How many? One. Yay!
Rich: Oh, crafting.
Jack: Cr-, yep.
Rich: I don't like crafting in games. I'm just saying.
Jack: Yeah?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: I, I think...
Rich: It's tedious and annoying.
Jack: I think thematically, it's appropriate, though, for a game like this.
Rich: Sure.
Jack: You're in the apocalypse. You're ge-, you know, getting scraps everywhere. All right. That's Cheyenne.
Rich: Crafting just feels like an extra step a game is making me take.
Jack: Yeah, but it, it also makes exploring more meaningful, because you just wanna grab all the stuff you can. And I wanna say in this game, there's like a weight thing.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: So if you're holding too much stuff, you move slower.
Rich: Okay. Okay.
Jack: And so then it's, it's like, you have to choose what you grab, and, like, oh, I might be able to craft this later. It, it adds an element. I, I, I understand it. I agree, it can be tedious, but I understand it in this game. I would like to run faster.
Rich: All the live-long day.
Jack: And, dramatic shot.
Rich: I do it all, I do it all the time in games, Like, two people are talking, and I'll, like, slow-pan around.
Jack: Yep. That's, it's actually really bothersome that I can't look at the front of her face cuz I'd love to do, like, a...
Rich: Oh, the panoramic. In the wasteland...a trailer shot. One woman...must survive.
Jack: Whaaaat?! Right? Oh, yeah. I think everyone knows does that in games. It's fun. It's a cinematic. Oh, it's getting to be nighttime. Getting to be nighttime, Rich. There's danger.
Rich: That's exciting.
Jack: There's, oh.
Rich: Do zombies start coming out of the ground all around you at night?
Jack: That's quite possible. I did heal. 
Rich: Somebody is saying there's a fast travel.
Jack: That's great. I did heal. I don't know if, I did take a sip out of my canteen, so I don't know if that helped me heal.
Rich: Okay, okay.
Jack: But I did heal, and I don't believe I did anything to heal.
Rich: Hm.
Jack: So if it is regenerating health, it's very slow regenerating health.
Rich: Hold down A stick to pan around. We're talking about the character standing still.
Jack: Oh, yeah. Like, I know you can do this, but like, if it was a third-person game, you could pan the camera and look at your character's face.
Rich: Not, not, not in a shooter.
Jack: Not in a shooter, right. Like in Bloodborne, you can look at your character's face. All right, we gotta talk to some lady now. Saving.
Rich: Can you put your gun away? Everyone just thinks you're pointing your gun at them.
Jack: Oh, I probably should put my gun away. Yeah, get outta here, sucker.
Rich: Do they do that silent protagonist shit?
Jack: Yeah, this is, you know.
Rich: That annoys me. That annoys me. When everyone else talks, and you don't...
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Rich: ...you just have text, that bothers me.
Jack: What do you mean?
Rich: It just bothers me.
Jack: This, this is why you can give it, you give a character your own voice.
Rich: I would like, I would like to have audio with it.
Jack: You can give your own voice.
Rich: If I, once I select the thing that I say, I would want the character to talk.
Jack: Oh, I dislike that more.
Rich: No, no.
Jack: You know what that is? That's redundant. I hate that, cuz then I look, and show me what you have for sale.
Rich: This, this, this takes me out of the game.
Jack: Oh.
Rich: This takes me out of the world.
Jack: I don't like redundancy in games. Hey, show me what you have for sale, after I already read show me what you have for sale.
Rich: Rich hates Gorman Freeman. Gordon Freeman's not a character.
Jack: Nope. He's you. All right. 
Rich: See, she's talking to herself. It, it, that just annoys me.
Jack: No, cuz then in my head, I can, I can put my own voice to who's, who's that man. I don's wanna, I don't wanna read the text, understand what it means, and then have someone else hear it. That just wastes my time. But I don't wanna say that. I do care about your radio. I, but I also wanna know where those guys go. I don't like, you know, I don't like that. Uh....hahaha.
Rich: And Krieger783 just signed his death warrant in the chat.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: He just said Half-Life is piss. I think, I think they're going to tear hip apart like rabid wolves.
Jack: I mean, Krieger, you're...you're wrong. And that's fine. 
Rich: I have no strong opinion. I actually missed out on Half-Life. Half-Life came, at the time Half-Life came out, my computer wasn't up to snuff.
Jack: Sure.
Rich: And by the time I did have a computer up to snuff, there were other games I was playing.
Jack: Ah.
Rich: So I actually missed out on Half-Life.
Jack: We should play it.
Rich: Yeah. I know. I'm not shy. This is all predictable.
Jack: This is all predictable. I know. I know. I'm trying, I'm trying to get as much of the, uh...
Rich: When you, when you told them you wanted to play Fallout: New Vegas, I'm just thinking in my head, well, this is gonna work out horribly. Okay. It's fine. Whatever. Okay. We'll do it.
Jack: It's fine. I just wanna, you know, I'm, I'm trying to get as much of the story as I can to get me to the next part of the game. All right. Whoa. You're right here. Let's see here, um...the Primm. 
Rich: You know as well as I do that Jack just wants to shoot things.
Jack: I, that's all I wanna do is shoot things. What are my...where can I look at my quests? Data. Here we go. Quests. Here they are. All right.
Rich: I don't understand this, finding a new quest.
Jack: Oh, I was, I was hoping one of these things would tell me, uh, where, uh...
Rich: What's, what's your plan? What are you doing? What's going on?
Jack: I wanna find the robot that saved me. That's my plan right now.
Rich: There was a robot that saved you?
Jack: There was a robot that saved me.
Rich: That sounds fucking awesome.
Jack: I know, and I wanna meet him. And I guess I gotta go back in and talk to that lady about that robot that saved me. Goddammit. All right. Get outta my way. Get outta my way.
Rich: Jack, you wanted to play the talky-talk RPG.
Jack: I...
Rich: I have no sympathy.
Jack: No, I'm not, I'm not asking for sympathy. I'm not asking for sympathy.
Rich: Okay. You are starting to sound generally frustrated, though.
Jack: You know...where'd that lady go? Is she in the can? Are you in the can? No. Where'd you go? Where'd that fucking lady go? All right. Maybe  I need to talk to you.
Rich: Oh, wait. The radio will cause the game to get flagged on YouTube.
Jack: Oh, yeah. I see that. Um...now that lady's gone. Hold on. Let me turn my radio off. Busted radio. Oh, those are exits. Oh, cuz I'm in the saloon. Right. Uh, dammit. Someone tell me where to find the robot.
Rich: Jack wants to know where to find a robot. Somebody help Jack find a robot.
Jack: Tell me if I find a robot. There's a house with lights...no, that's the house I came in on.
Rich: Maybe you can't find the robot immediately, if there's more questing that goes on before then.
Jack: I guess I could just follow the arrow. I don't know if, what is that...that little arrow, that little arrow go. The fuck is that little arrow.
Rich: I don't know. I'm sure it'll come up again.
Jack: Sure. Wait, what's the big arrow? What's my main quest here? Offer to help Ringo deal with the Powder Gangster. Sure. Sure, we'll do that. That will be my main quest. Oh, yeah. Ringo's in the gas station. Hey, Ringo! Great. I got some sarsparilla. Ringo. Ringo...
Rich: When did this come out?
Jack: I have no idea. Ask the chat.
Rich: Cuz I was gonna say, it looks relatively bad, just visually.
Jack: I mean, I think it was a while ago.
Rich: I dunno if that's the floaty-ness because you're doing it in third-person.
Jack: Sure.
Rich: Jack, Jack is annoyed by the talking...that he has to do in this role-playing game. You can hear the, the, the audible frustration in his voice, even though he's not vocalizing his frustration. You can hear it from, like, his breathing.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: You can somehow hear it in his posture.
Jack: It's a, it's a, it's a tough thing with a role-playing game, cuz like, what if my character is different. My character doesn't wanna hear all this bullshit.
Rich: Well, why don't you try shooting him?
Jack: Ooh.
Rich: Just go off the rails. Go off-script, Jack.
Jack: Nice.
Rich: Try shooting him. Just say, I'll consider it, and then go into VATS, aim for his head, get that first shot off.
Jack: All right.
Rich: If you're not having fun, and this becomes a frustrating stream, we may as well, we may as well mix it up a bit. Like, can you pick his pocket, just get his gun? No, you can't?
Jack: Nah. Oh, but he's just laying there. He's not moving. Why is not a 100% shot? He's not moving. Can I get closer? We'll save first. Let's just ee what happens.
Rich: Crouch. Somebody is saying crouch first. There you go. Pickpocket.
Jack: You've lost karma. Outta here.
Rich: See, this is exciting. Get his gunarm.
Jack: Oh!
Rich: He dropped the gun!
Jack: Can't shoot me now, bitch! Hey!
Rich: Oh, he's got another gun.
Jack: He's got another gun. I need to build up some more points.
Rich: Ya gotta fight.
Jack: Huh?
Rich: They build up pretty quick. Take a chance on a headshot.
Jack: You think?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Another headshot?
Rich: Yeah, why not.
Jack: I only get one. Ringo head crippled, yet he can still shoot me.
Rich: What the fuck.
Jack: Bobbing and weaving. Bobbing and weaving! There we go. Now we can get two shots on him. Head. Go arm again. Head, reload, right arm. Ooh, fuck! I just blew his fucking head off! You take a sip from your vault canteen. Yeah, gimme all the rest of your shit. Boom.
Rich: All right. Do you like the game better now?
Jack: Yeah, now I'm having fun. Ooh, what's this?
Rich: That's an empty.
Jack: It's an empty. Empty whiskey bottle. I don't want an empty whiskey bottle.
Rich: But if you find whiskey, you can probably put whiskey in the whiskey bottle.
Jack: Yeah, but if I find whiskey, I'll just drink it. All right. Let's get out of here, Rich. Fuck this town. Fuck Ringo. Fuck everyone.
Rich: Are you just gonna go on a murder spree?
Jack: That's kind of my plan. Where am I going here? World map. Northern Passage? Goodsprings, Goodsprings Cemetary. Canyon Wreckage. Oh, wait. That's where they found me. Let's head that way.
Rich: You're not a very nice man.
Jack: I'm, I'm, I'm a lady. And I'm not a very nice lady.
Rich: Yeah, but if you're a lady, you're technically also not a very nice man.
Jack: That...Rich. Invaluable logic. Ooh, look. There's, like, a deer or something. Let's shoot that. Look, there's a deer or something. I'm gonna shoot it. And if we find a robot on the way...so I've lost a bunch of karma.
Rich: Oh, that's fine.
Jack: That's fine.
Rich: I don't think you care about karma.
Jack: I don't care about karma. I can only imagine, like, karma affects how people treat me, or whatever.
Rich: I'm assuming if you murder enough people, people will avoid talking to you and avoid you.
Jack: Great.
Rich: Which, I think, is fine by you.
Jack: That's exactly what I want. I don't want people to talk to me. Bitches get stitches, if you know what I'm saying. And you know who's bitches? People who talk. All right. Am I getting there? Yeah. Great. Oh, there he is. Oh, ha. Tumbleweed friend. This is my, this is my pet tumbleweed. It'll fuck you up.
Rich: Tumbly.
Jack: This is Tumbly, my tumbleweed.
Rich: Tubular.
Jack: We gonna take him with us. Tumbly. You nailed that on your first try. Come on, Tumbly. You coming with me to the next town. Oop. Come here. Fucking tumbleweed moves faster, fuck, fuck you, Tumbly. You think you're better than me?
Rich: Tumbly's afraid you'll shoot him.
Jack: Tumbly, you better, you damn right, Tumbly. Watch yourself. Watch yourself. This way. I should mark it.
Rich: You wanna pause the game for a second?
Jack: Uh, yes.
Rich: Wanna do something?
Jack: Okay. Do something.
Rich: BlakaShimu, VanPastel, MCLucs, ElvisDelvis, we really appreciate it. GayforJay, HallsVarietyPack, PerfectDark, CrackerMan526, JackNoticesDudes, PapaZuzu, Striker1121, CKBZzyzn, whatever the fuck, BarkeleyDC, paul_blarp_mall_blarp, and bonodoug...
Jack: Bon Gadoug.
Rich: ...thank you for subscribing. We really appreciate it.
Jack: It's true. We really do.
Rich: All right. Go.
Jack: There we go.
Rich: Business is taken care of.
Jack: Business. Business is good. Continue. All right. Place marker. Yeah. All right. Now we gotta, now we got an arrow leading this boy. All right. All right. Let's go to the canyon and kill some people. That's all I care about in the post-apocalypse.
Rich: Somebody is saying you can mod in sprinting.
Jack: Ooh. Now that's a useful...
Rich: It's twice as fast and uses up action points.
Jack: Oh, interesting.
Rich: I like that.
Jack: It almost seems...is that, what are the tiny arrows? Maybe, uh, like, enemies?
Rich: Hold X to put away, gun away, and run faster.
Jack: Oh. Oh, look at that.
Rich: Thank you.
Jack: Thank you. These are important things to know. Oh, to run faster, ho ho ho.
Rich: Yes, we were, we were reading subs, newbie. Newbie. Piloted donut noob.
Jack: Wow, Rich. Oh.
Rich: Just, fuck it, Jack. He's a noob. He doesn't get respect.
Jack: Wow.
Rich: He doesn't get respect till at least four or five streams. That's how it works.
Jack: All right. I mean, that's fine. That's, uh, that's how you play in it.
Rich: Somebody else says, I think you can pan around your character when your weapon is stowed.
Jack: Ooh, that's, we'll, you know what, we will check that out as soon...
Rich: You can have, you can have your epic panorama shot. He's dead.
Jack: Nope. 
Rich: Should be. Oh, you didn't have enough action points. Oh, no. I'm assuming there's a stat that will give you more action points, or faster recharging.
Jack: Fucking, how many hits do these fuckers take? Nope. All right. Shoot that. Let's try hitting you for this shit, too. Hunting geckos. Oh, you're not dead yet. All right.
Rich: Yeah, since you hate the dialogue, it seems like you should've went for a character with low intelligence.
Jack: That's what they were telling me.
Rich: Yeah. But you didn't.
Jack: Nope. Because I don't listen. Really? Right, fucking in the head.
Rich: What kind of gun is Rich using? Well, I am not using any guns, as I am not playing the game.
Jack: Gecko meat. I think I need to eat meat. Because my health is low. Let's eat meat! Uh, items. Bloatfly meat.
Rich: Seems like you should lose...
Jack: Right?
Rich: ...health by eating the bloatfly meat.
Jack: What is that rad per second?
Rich:: Radioactive.
Jack:: Oh, yay. There you go. Fuck it. I'll be radioactive. How'd that do? That did, that not aid me much. Let's try some, eating some more shit. Gecko meat. HP plus one. Ooh, I have some healing powder. Ah, that's good enough for now. Where am I going? This way.
Rich: You can cook the meat at the campfire.
Jack: Oh.
Rich: So you can't eat raw meat is what they're saying.
Jack: Oh, I ate it all already.
Rich: Oh, you can. Maybe you just don't get as much health from it.
Jack: Maybe. Bloatfly meat has worn off. Great.
Rich: Soil says it's fine. The radiation has burned all the diseases away.
Jack: That's funny. I think the things you say is funny. Welcome to level two. Yay!
Rich: Yay!
Jack: Oh, yeah. We're great at unarmed combat.
Rich: You're using a shotgun.
Jack: But I'm using a shotgun.
Rich: You can try unarmed combat.
Jack: That's a good idea. I'm gonna, even melee weapons I'm great at. Um, what do we want?
Rich: Guns are a mere eighteen.
Jack: Right? Let's add one to guns. Let's add all of 'em to guns. All right. There. Repair. To maintain any weapons. Allows you to create items. Oh. Yeah. That, that sounds good. Speak. If I could take away stuff from speak, I would.
Rich: Sneak.
Jack: Medicine.
Rich: Sneak. 
Jack: Great, and...
Rich: Hello, MrStribster.
Jack: Mr. what?
Rich: He said hello. He said, hey Rich and Jack.
Jack: Hi! Welcome to level two.
Rich: It only took us three hours.
Jack: Swift learner, come on. With each rank in the swift learner perk, you'll gain an additional 10% of total experience points whenever experience points are earned. Well, that seems nice. Uh...ooh, do more damage against female opponents. More damage, well, I like that swift learner. That seemed to, uh, be good. Oh, I can choose another one, too. Um...no. Only one. Great. Done. Great. Let's, uh, let's choose a different weaon. I have a cleaver.
Rich: Gonna take a cleaver over a machete, huh?
Jack: I got a cleaver.
Rich: Okay.
Jack: Give it a try, at least. Oh, I can just walk right up these rocks. That's great.
Rich: Somebody, somebody wants to know, if this is your first video game.
Jack: This is my first video game ever. It's true. It's my first video game ever, and so far, you know, I'm all right with it. Can't walk up that rock. Probably gotta go around all these rocks. Can I go up this rock?
Rich: Somebody says, you've fucked yourself, Jack. You leveled the resistance of Fallout.
Jack: I don't care. How about that? How about that? Ooh, I take a sip from my canteen. Great. I leveled the resistance of Fallout? What did I level?
Rich: Swift learner.
Jack: Swift learner?
Rich: What did that one do?
Jack: No, that, that gave me more, uh, experience points, 10% more experience points.
Rich: Okay.
Jack: No. Why would you go to that one?
Rich: With the damage, doing it at distance with the melee weapon, probably not very good.
Jack: All right. Well, let's see what happens.
Rich: This might not be the best...VATS with a melee weapon might be just kind of a moot point. You might wanna just whack at things right now.
Jack: Okay.
Rich: With your whack at things button. Oh, maybe that's not working. I take that back.
Jack: Aughh!
Rich: Go back to VATS. You need more guns.
Jack: Apparently, I need more guns. I can whack at him nine times, or three times, though, so that's nothing. Doesn't seem to work neither. Ooh, there's a big one. Where's my machete?
Rich: Someone says melee weapons are overpowered. You're gonna do fine with them.
Jack: I, you know what, I'm, I'm gonna put this out there, I just don't think that's true. In my, in using a melee weapon twice now...where is he? Come here. You dick.
Rich: Is he fleeing?
Jack: He's fleeing.
Rich: Can you have two different weapons that you can switch between? That would seem to make sense if you could switch between a gun and a melee weapon.
Jack: That would be nice.
Rich: There was some, I thought I saw something in the menu for RB to quickswitch. Let's set it up first?
Jack: Oh, sure. Let's check it out. Okay, um, what do I have? My shotgun. My shotgun.
Rich: Hotkey, right button.
Jack: My shot-, oh, there it is.
Rich: Oh, you can put it on the D-pad. That's fine. Or, the number pad. That's...computer?
Jack: Sure. Okay, so that's my shotgun. And I could put, like, my 10mm down there. Let's see what happens. Hey. 
Rich: You can do it with the D-pad?
Jack: I can do it with the D-pad.
Rich: All right.
Jack: Aughh! Not what I wanted to do. I want my machete back. Broad machete.
Rich: You can, FlynnTheJinx says you can do fine damage with whatever weapon style you invest perks and skill points into. Melee gets really fun at higher levels, and doesn't cost ammo.
Jack: Oh, sure. Great. I'll keep, we'll keep giving it hell. Ooh.
Rich: Somebody else says, uh, get him to go to sleep so the health restores.
Jack: Oh, yeah?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: There was a thing. How long would you like to wait? An hour.
Rich: Is that how long you normally sleep?
Jack: I don't  know. Does that, is that what happened?
Rich: I dunno. You didn't gain any health. Try eight hours.
Jack: Eight hours?
Rich: That's what normal sleep is like.
Jack: We'll go six.
Rich: Okay.
Jack: I didn't gain any health.
Rich: Nope.
Jack: I think you're full of shit.
Rich: Waiting is not sleeping.
Jack: Waiting is not sleeping. Maybe that's it. Then how the fuck...
Rich: Why would they give you the option to do one and not the other?
Jack: Then how the fuck do you sleep?
Rich: Why do those need to be two different controls? I don't understand things.
Jack: How do you sleep?
Rich: You need a bed to sleep.
Jack: Fuck you, you need a bed to sleep.
Rich: They want you to find a bed.
Jack: You find a bed. I'll just eat more meat.
Rich: There's probably one in the town. There, I found you a bed. Yeah, you're low on health. Just jump off that cliff.
Jack: That's fine.
Rich: You'll be fine. You, you gonna kill him? Are you gonna try to kill him while you're low on health?
Jack: Oh, he's fine.
Rich: Cuz he didn't annoy you enough talking.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: Okay.
Jack: You can now fast travel. Yay! Great. No, he did not annoy me. If you get over this fucking mountain.
Rich: Oh, you can take a bed with you? You killed that guy earlier. He doesn't need that bed anymore. 
Jack: That would be great.
Rich: If you had, like, a roll-up bed you could take with, that would make sense.
Jack: Yeah, like a, like a napsack. Like a sleeping bag. Like a camping, sleeping bag kind of thing. Who's over here? Jump. Ooh, there's a tent. What's in the tent? Hey, dude. Great. Can I go in? Sleep. How long would you like to sleep? Six hours.
Rich: Somebody thinks this is boring as fuark.
Jack: Yeah, fuarks kinda boring. Hey, there's my health. Great.
Rich: Half, half the people love the Fallouts.
Jack: I think people love playing with Fallouts. I don't think they like watching other people play the Fallouts. Or I'm just so bad.
Rich: What's, what's the consensus, chat?
Jack: I think it's, it's also, like, the fact that I don't really care about what's happening...
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: ...is, um, uh, means that I'm not, like, as enthusiastic about the game, so I'm not being as entertaining. That could also be a thing.
Rich: So what you're saying is this is not a game you are going to go home and play?
Jack: I can't imagine I'm gonna go play the game. I don't like the talkies.
Rich: I know you don't. That's why I was shocked you wanted to play this.
Jack: Ah, people, uh, I, you know what, I just, I wanted some, it was so long since I played Fallout 3, and everyone's talking about Fallout 4, I wanted some frame of reference for, like, what the game is.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: You know? So, it's done that for me. It's, like, all right. If this is the kind of game it is, it's probably just not a game for me. Ah, here we go. Here we go. Getting to the caravan. I'm gonna machete some motherfuckers. I'm gonna machete motherfuckers in the face. Ooh, frag grenade. Yes. Yes. What's that? Pork n' beans? Fuck yeah, I'll take some pork n' beans. Oh, empty. It, it says it's empty.
Rich: Oh, that's good.
Jack: Great. All right. All right. We got some grenades. We got some pork n' beans. Yeah, actually, this seems like a game that you would really be into, Rich, which is why I was surprised that you weren't, you said you weren't really into it.
Rich: I'm, this, this, cuz stream is a terrible place to experience a story-based game with lots of talking. This is the kind of game you would need to spend your own time getting into it.
Jack: Oh, yeah. Well, I'm surp-, I'm just surprised you, you haven't, is what I'm saying.
Rich: They make a lot of games.
Jack: They do make a lot of games. That's true. I see...
Rich: And thanks to JRPG's, I, I, I, I don't bother, I, I don't flock to, I'm, like, reluctant to get into any kind of RPG.
Jack: Sure.
Rich: Because when I think of, when I think of RPG, unfortunately, thanks to SquareSoft, I, I think of, like, spikey-haired, fifteen-year old, obnoxious Japanese children with blue hair.
Jack: Sure.
Rich: And convoluted storytelling. And bad stories.
Jack: I just noticed something great.
Rich: Being railroaded into a series of events that I have no control over, and a lousy combat system. These are all things I just associate naturally with RPG's.
Jack: Sure. Sure. Check this out. I just discovered something. Look at the coyote pups health. 
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Do you see how all of the health bar is down?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Which means if I make the shot, I kill him in one hit.
Rich: Yeah. 
Jack: I didn't notice that. So that's how you know if you're gonna kill someone.
Rich: Okay.
Jack: Which is neat.
Rich: Well, you don't know how much damage that hit's gonna take off.
Jack: Yeah, the, the, you do.
Rich: Oh. Oh, it says how much?
Jack: It says how much. Uh, like, with the mom coyote that I killed, because I, I did, I killed the mom. I killed this family of coyotes. Uh, because I'm a heartless bastard. Um, here, we'll see when we fight our next, uh, bigger...
Rich: Hold on, chat. Octosays, turn-based combat isn't lousy. JRPG turn-based combat is lousy. And I know all RPG's aren't like JRPG's. It's just, it's just a bad taste in my mouth with those early JRPG's. I have, like, notions in my head that I know aren't always true, but when I think of RPG's, I think of JRPG's, and it's a bad thought.
Jack: Sure. Sure. Here, oh, there's a bit coyote. You'll see. You'l lsee about this whole health system. 
Rich: It's like, it's like imprinted, or something. 
Jack: Yeah, no. I mean, you, it's association.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: You've associated, you know, RPG's only with JRPG's. Come here.
Rich: Because that's what an RPG was when I was younger.
Jack: See, so, do you see now the flashing happening?
Rich: Oh, down at the bottom.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: Oh. Okay.
Jack: So then if I say, hit 'em once, and look, if I hit 'em again...
Rich: Oh.
Jack: ...and then I can hit 'em again.
Rich: That's nice.
Jack: And then I kill 'em.
Rich: That's nice.
Jack: That's very helpful. I'm learning. And then I smack 'em. Fuck, yeah. Critical strike. I am learning. Fuck you, coyote. Come here, let me take your meat. Fall off this cliff, then I'm gonna fucking eat you. You're mine, now. You're mine. Take your hide, too. Can I wear his coyote hide? Look at you, motherfucker. Come here. Coyote den mother. Like I give a shit. And your pup, too.
Rich: Aww. Can't you just sneak by 'em. Do you have to kill these poor dogs? Trying to make a living as best they can in this horrible world.
Jack: Uh, I guess I did. I guess I did have to do that. Search the pup. Eat the meat. Now I'm gonna eat your meat. Great. Let's see what's down this road. I can't go down the thing yet. It said I need to be, like, level 25 to go down the thing. So, I'm just gonna go over here and look for people to kill.
Rich: What do I think of Jennifer Connelly? Uh, one of the most attractive women who has ever lived. 
Jack: Uh, sure. I'll give you that. I like that Jennifer Connelly. What has she been doing lately?
Rich: No idea.
Jack: Has she been acting?
Rich: No idea.
Jack: That Jennifer Connelly been acting?
Rich: Haven't, haven't seen her in anything for a while.
Jack: Yeah, it's been a while. I wanna take that thing off my map now. Need a remove marker.
Rich: Are they following the story at all? No, Jack is not following the story at all.
Jack: I, I kind of know what's going on. I kind of know what's going on. Kinda.
Rich: Wasn't she in Ang Lee's The Hulk. I haven't seen Ang Lee's The Hulk.
Jack: She was in Ang Lee's The Hulk. But that was...
Rich: That everyone said was terrible. I avoided it.
Jack: Nah, it's fine. I liked it. I liked it better than The Incredible Hulk. Than Edward Norton's Hulk. It at least, at least it had some style to it. Ang Lee's Hulk. The ending was a bit pretentious.
Rich: Yes, I know she was in Dark City. That's one of my favorite movies, Dark City. Dark City is excellent.
Jack: Oh. Hey, here's a guy. Can I kill you? Why, I can kill you.
Rich: Roger Ebert liked Dark City so much, he did a commentary track for it. 
Jack: Aughh! Oh, I'm gonna fucking kill you.
Rich: Zero percent.
Jack: Yeah, but look at his health bar. I dunno, let's just see what happens.
Rich: Weird. Weird.
Jack: That it would say zero percent?
Rich: Yes.
Jack: Yes. I'm gonna kill you with my machete. I'm gonna kill you with my machete.
Rich: Jennifer Connelly, what brought her up? Somebody in the chat was asking me about Jennifer Connelly. Kind of an odd question out of nowhere. But, glad to answer it.
Jack: Hey, I've gained karma somehow.
Rich: You probably killed a bad man.
Jack: Oh, these are convicts. Ooh, great. Can I, um, can I double-wield, dual-wield, uh, can I dual-wield machetes? That would be awesome.
Rich: I'm gonna say no.
Jack: Probably.
Rich: Because then it would just be silly.
Jack: Like, these, these guys had cleavers, and I'd love to have two cleavers. Just a cleaver in each fist. All right. Hey, I did it. I killed some people. Got my karma back. And I killed him with my machete. I officially love killing people with a machete. Whoa. What's happening? Somebody's shooting at me. There he is. Not that one. This one. Jackal gang leader. You're going down. Um, are you too close? Now you're gonna be too far, oh, no, now you don't. Oh, you're reloading? That sucks. Cuz now I'm gonna murder you. Yay! Murder! 
Rich: You just hacked their heads off.
Jack: I did. Now I'm gonna take all your shit...ooh, a butcher knife. Now I'm gonna take all your shit. It's my shit now. It's my shit now. Now where are you coming from? Over here? What's over here? Were you guarding a treasure? Were you guarding a secret treasure?
Rich: Guarding some silly police cars.
Jack: Yay, look at those silly-looking police cars. Fuck you. All right. Fuck you. Oh, shit! All right, well...
Rich: You'll just have to kill them.
Jack: That's fine. Oh. Ow. Oh, there's a thing in here, too. Stop being so close to me.
Rich: She's a melee girl.
Jack: Great. And now you're a dead melee girl.
Rich: It's kind of weird when everyone has the same fucking jacket.
Jack: Well, that's the area we're in is, like, the jacket area.
Rich: Yeah, but it's the apocalypse. They mass-produced these beat-up jackets?
Jack: Well, they're leather. They're, the, leather is very strong.
Rich: But they look the same. You can make something out of leather that looks different.
Jack: I suppose. All right. Great.
Rich: You need to not die. You're low on health.
Jack: That's fine. Find a place to sleep. Ooh, a stimpack. I think that's, like, health.
Rich: Can you be murdered while you're sleeping?
Jack: Mm...
Rich: If you could, that would, that, if you could, that would be both annoying and great.
Jack: I agree. Hold on. I need to eat something, I think. If I eat stuff. Oh, it looks like there's bad guys in the next room.
Rich: Rich, what does Mike love so much about The Rocketeer? Uh, everything about it. I love it, too. It's just a very solid superhero movie. We both love that movie independently of one another because I didn't know Mike when I first saw The Rocketeer. When I was a kid, I fucking loved The Rocketeer, and it flopped in the theaters. But, as it, like, proba-, possibly my favorite movie that summer.
Jack: Yeah?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Mm. All right.
Rich: Solid story. Solid characters. Some art deco goodness. That, I mean, that, that fucking helmet, that outfit.
Jack: The outfit is fantastic.
Rich: It's fucking gorgeous.
Jack: The outfit is genuinely fantastic.
Rich: Everything about that costume. That rocket pack looks great. Jennifer Connelly is in it.
Jack: Jennifer Connelly. That did not do much to, to raise my health. I'll tell you that.
Rich: It's fine.
Jack: Let's just get it up a little bit more. Yeah, all these things, like, raise my health, health one point.
Rich: Rich, did you play or like Dark Void? Kinda similar to Rocketeer. No, not, that's, uh, similar in that you have a helmet and a backpack, but that's kind of about it. Hellmet, backpack, and kind of, pretty much the same time period, but, like, Dark Void, you're flying around in alternate dimension weirdness. And gameplay is kind of bad. Kind of, kind of mediocre more than bad. Dark Void is highly mediocre. They didn't integrate the flying backpack with the shooting mechanics enough. It's, like, two different games cuz you're gonna have to, I mean, they made a, they made a game you fly around with a jet, jetpack, but there's a lot of ground-based cover shooting, which doesn't mesh at all with the concept of running around with a jetpack.
Jack: Sure.
Rich: Jack's, Jack's picking a lock. He hasn't, he didn't hear a word I said. Jack, use, use a stimpack for the love of god. A stimpack, exclamation point. Rich, with your beard on the Broken Age review, you look like a down-on-his-luck Jay. Well, fuck you, too.
Jack: Honestly, that's a terrible thing to say.
Rich: Food heals you over time. It heals one HP per second. 
Jack: Great. I'll use a stimpack. There. Oh, yeah. That did, that did a much better job healing me. Where are all these bad guys I see?
Rich: Oh, god. He's not going to open this door.
Jack: I did it. No, I did it.
Rich: Oh, okay.
Jack: I, I opened the door. It, it took me, it took me a little bit. All right. Close the door. Come here. Oh, all right. All right. Who's in here? Some bitches? Oh, some of these things. I love using the VATS system for the tiny little guys. I think it's hilarious. Okay. Bottlecaps. What, what?! I'm sure this is all very in-depth and wonderful.
Rich: If they find it hard, if they find it hard to play talkie Fallout, they won't be able to get through Witcher 3. I love it how you're playing, and everything is they. They, they, they, they, they.
Jack: And, also, you've gone out of your way to be, like, Jack, I knew this wasn't a game for you, that's why you're playing, you're, Jack, you're playing with a controller because I would never do that. Jack is playing this and Jack has troubles with these games. So, yes.
Rich: We are, we are now cursed to be lumped together, no matter what.
Jack: No matter what. You know, Rich and I have very different opinions about games. I know we, we agree, we have agreed on most of our episodes, but overall...
Rich: Which is weird.
Jack: It is weird. Isn't it?
Rich: Yes.
Jack: But what do I wanna do next?
Rich: We've had minor disagreements, like, I've been, I've been mediocre on things that you have loved.
Jack: Yeah, that's true.
Rich: And vice versa, probably.
Jack: Mm-hmm. Left button. How do I mod you? Apparently, I don't. Yeah, so, it's just, like, Jack has a problem with this, um, because I don't like the talkies. I think Rich would actually really enjoy this game, so much so that it really surprised me when, uh, when I heard he hasn't played it. I, I assumed this would kind of be right up his alley. Ant meat. What? Beer. Take it. Just gonna take all this shit. Great. No, I, and you know, like, I think there was a time in my life where I could have gotten into a game like this...ooh...you know?
Rich: Mm-hmm.
Jack: I just don't know if I have the time anymore.
Rich: You mean, as far as, like, talking in games? I'm the one who refuses to skip a cutscene, no matter how many times I've seen it before.
Jack: Yeah. That's Rich. I think Rich would really enjoy this game.
Rich: I might. I might.
Jack: I heard some great things about Witcher 3, but...
Rich: I know the first one, though, the combat just gave me such a sour taste.
Jack: Witcher?
Rich: Yeah. The first one.
Jack: Ah, okay. All right. I think we beat the bandits. But, yeah, I mean, I'm, I'm...
Rich: And it wasn't, it wasn't any kind of talking in the Witcher 1 that turned me off. It was the combat system.
Jack: I'm still working on beating Bloodborne, for Christ's sake. I ain't got no time for Witcher. Ooh, what's that guy?
Rich: Why are so many people shit-talking this stream? Because Europe.
Jack: Yeah, just Europe?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: All right.
Rich: Oh, my god. That's hideous.
Jack: Uh, dead. Now that I've figured out...
Rich: Oh, my god. That is really giant.
Jack: ...a little bit more about the combat, I, I feel a little more, uh, confident
Rich: Why aren't there a billion more, if it's an ant?
Jack: No wonder that guy had ant meat. And I was like, ohh...
Rich: There will be nothing worse than giant ants. I know they've made movies about this.
Jack: Yeah? Oh, I wonder if you can ride 'em? Like, ride the giant ant into battle. Tally ho!
Rich: Ants, ants are just frightening.
Jack: Giant ants are frightening?
Rich: Yes.
Jack: Ooh, bark scorpion poison gland. I wonder what that is. I could use that. More giant ants. And, death! Critical strike. Yay! I took his fucking head off.
Rich: Rich, have you ever been to Europe? I can barely afford to cross the street.
Jack: I've seen you cross the street at least once. It was pretty exciting for all of us. Oh, and see when, like, your crosshair gets over 'em, it turns red. That's when you know you can hit 'em. That's fun. Auggh, fuck! Fuck! There's a big one.
Rich: Doohickey2 says, guns, for the love of god, guns!
Jack: I don't give a fuck. I'm hitting ants with a machete. What's more fun than hitting ants with a machete? Look at this.
Rich: Shooting, shooting ants with a shotgun.
Jack: That might be fun. I am hacking ants to pieces with a machete, and I think that's fun. This is how I'm playing the game. Gathering all the ant meat I can. Ooh. What is happening? Why did I start crouching?
Rich: Uh, The Rocketeer will not be the next RLM commentary track.
Jack: You don't think?
Rich: I don't think. I, I, I, in fact, I know it's not going to be the next commentary.
Jack: What-what-what?
Rich: I started slow walking for some reason.
Jack: Rich, what did you want to do as a career originally? Uh, lottery winner. That was the, that was the first thing I wanted to do.
Rich: Yeah?
Jack: That's hard to, that's hard to break into, though.
Rich: Oh.
Jack: Yeah, yeah. It's a tough field. Lot of people looking to get in.
Rich: Yeah. Oh, yeah. Lot of competition.
Jack: I haven't tried just punching an ant. Maybe I should try punching an ant. Obviously, I need to be better at lockpicking.
Rich: Seriously, Rich. Reconsider your trash-talking of Europe. I'm not trash-talking Europe. I'm having a bit of fun. It's like when I talk about soccer, and how awful soccer is. You know, I really don't care if Europeans like such a horrible sport. This is all in good fun.
Jack: It's, uh, it's a universal sport. It's, uh...
Rich: It's the universal sport of boring.
Jack: Everybody kicks a ball, and, and, uh, it's also a very affordable sport, you know.
Rich: Yeah. And you get to, get to watch the ball just kind of go around a little field, and nothing exciting happens.
Jack: You know, you know what I would like to see in soccer?
Rich: What?
Jack: Uh, smaller nets, and no goalies. Kind of like basketball.
Rich: Somebody would hang back and try to kick the ball with their feet, though.
Jack: You know, you have an area where you, where you, your team couldn't go in.
Rich: Mm.
Jack: You know, you have a defender, you'd have defenders, but no, no specific goalie. And then it'd be, then ya get a little more score, a little more back and forth. I'd like that.
Rich: Just, just switch to hockey. Hockey is a lot like soccer, only at any moment you can have a heart attack cuz the game is so exciting.
Jack: I'm, I'm not one for hockey. I just poured all my weapon, all my points into melee weapons. See, look what I'm doing. Like, I'm, like, crouching. 
Rich: In, in hockey, somebody could score or die at any given moment.
Jack: Yeah?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Why am I walking so slow?
Rich: I dunno. Storm? Does she see wind? Something's going on here.
Jack: Something is going on here, and I don't know what it is. Chat.
Rich: You're in-, oh, Jack. There's a weight thing. Your inventory is too full.
Jack: Yes, thank you. Fucking hell. All right. Let's get, let's get rid of some shit.
Rich: You're no Giles Corey. 
Jack: That, I, I don't under-, even understand what that means.
Rich: Oh, he's...he's probably one of the biggest badasses.
Jack: Oh, okay.
Rich: In the Salem Witch Trials?
Jack: Okay, I, I know that.
Rich: Is one of the accused, I believe, and, uh, they wanted him to...oh, no, they wanted him to, like, testify.
Jack: Okay.
Rich: And he didn't wanna do it because he knew it was all bullshit. And so, they, they, they, they pressed him.
Jack: They pressed him?
Rich: They, they, they took him outside, and they kept putting larger and larger rocks on him, till he agreed to, till he agreed to, uh, plea guilty or innocent, I believe.
Jack: Okay.
Rich: Which is what they wanted him to do. Uh, and, uh, when they kept asking him, do you, do you want to enter a plea, he just said, till he died, he just kept saying, more weight.
Jack: Nice. You know what, that's a badass right there. Boom. Boom. Ant meat. Okay. I just basically ate all my wolf...

[Part III]
boom okay
I just basically ate all my wolf meat
and meat has worn off you fuck I I'm
diggin melee I'll tell you what I don't
want to fight you fucking ants anymore
though I'm gonna see what's up here know
these little triangles oh hey follow me
can i paul blart mall blah blah blah
Martin oh there's some dudes
oh my whoa
not friendly dudes I think I want to try
punching one of these guys really okay
is that an option
yeah I think so I think if I put this
away oh no it comes back up well that
makes sense
get this shit out of here oh my god get
oh my god
not that one that one cripple their hair
of you what kind of face you have to
neck three times should be at least
hanging off right right you're gonna die
I know I know you're definitely going
yes like no doubt nope I know you're
running towards ants I don't care I'm
running away from people a little bit to
the right and avoid the ants no there's
more ants there's ants everywhere I
think they stopped chasing you is that
true Oh nobody fight against the Freddie
guys keep running keep running don't
look back don't look back you Frank I've
run the same speed how are you not dead
because I ran away running away solves
everything okay not people are screaming
stimpak yes they're back and they're
right yeah hold on
let me just make sure I'm clear I'll
hide behind this bush and Packers down
here where you go super super stimpak do
anything use the super stim pack okay
woof should probably use my shotgun
oh that's my good business monkey is
just obsessed with the Danish LM article
I know nothing about the details of why
that's framed the way it is I don't know
I didn't frame it
I'm glad you care about how its framed
it's weird thing to care about it is
what it is what yep
why is he obsessed with the the article
I'm just you know this is the European
friendly stream and he's from that area
oh okay
maybe he's Danish I know I know Mike was
invited up there for a Film Festival
anyone
as far as why things are framed the way
they are no idea oh my god did you hit
the face hey Dad huh huh
I killed the Jackyl gang leader I'll
take all your shit probably use another
stim pack healing limbs in order to heal
a cripple em you have three choices
sleep in a bed find a doctor easiest
impact together yourself great I win did
you hurt your leg I don't know it
crippled me somehow I didn't I didn't
read what it cripples well there's a
person oh you're a gun person alright
oh you're not a gun person I'm sorry
miss lady would you want one would you
want I didn't know what's coming out
fall I'm sure all their stuff is coming
out you know I assume there's no story
continuity or maybe there is we don't
know
stimpack yeah I killed uh you know do
you want one that's this is the real
question knowing what you know so far
about what I think of this game whoo
beer is worn off oh well I don't think
we should avoid reviewing things just
because you think you might not like
them if I liked it we've been at least
have finally on the show a strong
disagreement sure assuming I did end up
liking sure that's true
that's really true by the way dirty
water I'll drink some dirty water eat
some coyote meat barrel cactus fruit
yeah I need to get lighter
there we go okay I thought it didn't I
equip like a different gun yeah oh there
we go ten millimeter that's true you
know what that's true okay sleep on
these things drop some weapons Jack
Jesus I'll just eat the meat I have like
a zillion things of meat
Jack check your status
check my status this was being sent that
one all right Hank headshot should be
fatal
I really do they should be harder to hit
sure check my status yeah that's what's
being said I don't I don't know
well I thinks I don't know game I think
someone else was coming up here great
Jack you have better weapons in your
inventory Jack you are crippled check
your status
I'm overcome reading great yeah that's
great I really like that okay
I am crippled but I used to stimpak
maybe you didn't use enough apparently
okay where's my status my stats here we
go
crippled oh my head is crippled oh my
god
I need nine stimpack to cure my cripple
miss Howe yeah oh I mean you have a
gaping a head wound I think hey there we
go I fixed it
Oh oh no just once in back oh okay great
great
I did it thank you all right now it's
good let's take care of some shit here I
got some I got some shit I got too much
shit apparently I can drop all this
stuff how do I drops of X I can drop all
this stuff we don't need to armored suit
lightweight metal armor swap gambler hat
I still overcome now fine great can I
look at all that I'm right up fuck you
arm I think I think the nature concussed
huh thank you just Scott did it
concussed
yeah but I fix that's what a crippled
head would be yeah yes I was concussed
you drop I'm off for no reason well I
don't need it oh we don't meet uh I'm
wearing this oh we've already decided
that we're wearing this thing that's for
you that's fine all right here we are on
the road again
going down the only Road I've ever known
this weapon is great this gun I really
enjoyed this gun it kills people very
nicely what's up huh okay okay
repair the items you are using with the
junk items prepare the items you are
using with the judge apparently you
don't want these things to break oh
there's a repair thing okay hold on
I got three oh my god that's great how
do I know
oh I see so like the yellow meter the
further down it goes the car key just
past was rigged to explode well then I'm
glad I did not use it okay
no but I can't repair neither of it
while I can't guess I can't speak for
Jack I think this is true need that
neither of us have played a Fallout game
before I've played a little bit of
Fallout 3 okay and got a little bored as
one would expect I don't need these
cleavers I have a hatchet fuck yeah and
a lead-pipe hit people with a pipe ah
there's no repair option the first some
of my things like my shotgun I can't
repair so you can use junk items to
repair other items why how is the Y
button that says repair for things right
well let's see what happens
choose item to repair with so why used
along with low health first sure I get
it okay so I have four 10 millimeter
pistols so I hit repair and great cool
all right I'm getting hey I'm getting it
but I only have one shotgun so I should
stop using my shotgun is the moral of
the story but my knife second king oh
sure I like the duct tape noises
Myra's finite I guess I should you would
get rid of things from your inventory
right can I just drop those cleavers I
don't need him I'm gonna head back to
that no I just dropped all of that like
armor in here I think that's what they
were saying okay it's like I dropped a
whole bunch of to fix my arm okay I'm
getting it Thank You Jett this is where
I came from sure this is giant monster
II there was that the burned man walks
rich what the burned man take it out
take it out take it out take it okay so
now get back in here I'm getting it
so my lightweight leather armor oh
there's a maintain button which sounds
very similar to fix yeah great
field hand outfit we can still drop that
I don't give a fuck about that alright
so yeah we fixed it slightly metal armor
I'm just not gonna use that but alright
great cool alright on the road again
yeah I just can't take it on the road
again I see the back lights my friend
and I'm looking to get on the road again
those are none of the words by the way
you know oh wait rich you're gonna play
this game in your own
maybe someday someday that's Sunday I
gotta play a lot of invisible ink for
the next episode then after that I got
my heart set on playing brutal doom I'm
gonna punch this thing and I still want
to make my way to the Dead Rising games
what's something we're familiar with
them the timing on things with Dead
Rising 2 I'm probably gonna try and no
death run dead rising 2 nice Oh cactus
for it and for the sake of doing a no
death run I'm probably gonna do it with
the original Dead Rising 2 rather than
off the record sure there's a movie
playing
there's a movie playing up there rich I
need to get back on the road I think
it's up there how how do you get brutal
doing working on Steam I don't need
steam that you have a computer for that
I have a computer that can do things
other than steam ah I've been playing
doom since well before there was a steam
in fact isn't it amazing how much of a
hole
steam has um PC gaming that people can't
imagine playing a piece of game without
steam right and III like valve
I like steam Oh neat it's a crashed
satellite
are you too late for the screening did
you get there just not in time
oh but I you know steam does some good
things you can get a lot of cheap games
with steam but it's it's a DRM system
yes well that's that was the idea as
they they wanted a better marketplace
for games
yeah and they wanted control over those
game they want to do they have yeah you
don't own any of the things you bought
on Steam the sound does this is true you
are leasing them yes but for many myself
included the convenience and cost of
steam is well worth not owning the games
wait until midnight right so right oh I
just missed it so yeah he'll just sit
here and wait oh Jesus Christ
sooner you can wait a really long time
because you're not sleeping sure I'm
just doing the math now so if it's 4:00
a.m. I need to go till so 6o get it's at
10 8 18 hours I'll get it to midnight
hopefully I did my math right
not even close two more hours that's
nice and modding is a pain in the ass
with non valve games depends upon what
game some games are more mod friendly
than others
okay Oh Chet is recommending not doing
it I think you've already done not doing
what I don't know what you're doing all
right
I mean I'm here it's doing something oh
okay levels 15 of us oh yeah well we
know there's a quest there that's good
what the fuck am I supposed to do they
say that's a dlc thing what the selling
no it's a thing I can do it right now I
can do it right now it just says that oh
I mean it might be from DLC though oh
okay
it just says I should be level 15 and I
don't think I'm level 15 yet I think I'm
a little three people are begging you
safe
that is probably a smart idea save
I've only saved twice okay
I've saved we're gonna go we're gonna go
to this quest then maybe this quest is
more and later on someday I'm gonna have
to believe all of those saves so I can
see the opening cutscene which is
retarded
that it's very strange what's in here
like a trailer park
that's fun no hillbillies are you here
hillbilly whose core pians whoo
scorpions quick save is f5 unfortunately
Jack is using a controller so I just
have to oh my god I have to hit a button
and then another button actually you
know what lo and behold great I just had
a five minute great I don't see anything
saving though interesting maybe a five
doesn't work that might be just like a
quick save like a first ever there
should be some kind of saving unlike the
bottom corner sure there should be an
option just talk wait wait move I don't
have to fight hey if I put my gun away
there we go oh oh that's nice oh Jesus
Christ
Wow well fuck you too sorry dude
don't worry I won't have you lashed to a
Krauss like the rest of these
degenerates it's useful that you
happened by oh okay I want you to
witness the fate of the town of nipton
to memorize every detail and then when
you move on I want you to teach everyone
you meet the lesson that kaisers Legion
Tasha especially any NCR troops you run
across we're to begin a week this the
names appear red if they are enemies
okay morale sickness their dissolution
victim serves as the perfect object
lesson so it would be kind of neat if
people are automatically hostile if you
approach them with a dot right that
would be me
served all comers so long as they paid
profligate troops powder gangers and
many of the regions such as men I think
having the controller disables the
keyboard on PC that's just compounding
stupid I'm compounding
and I announced the lottery each
clutched his tickets hoping it would set
him free he tried nothing you just give
this conversation alright dragged away
to do a check you know you want to do it
I just say it right yeah we just say do
it do it do it oh god you didn't do it
enough
Oh God run away Oh God prison where's it
I think this could do it oh come on one
more one more thing boom
Qwest failed that's great it's fun yeah
that is this fun next time I got my
shotgun out dude actually I think this
one's better find the Happy Trails
Caravan Oh bother says mediocre what
that's what that's what
immortan joe says falls off the truck
listen I don't memorize movies like that
I'm very sorry I think I'm supposed to
come down like this if I come down the
center it's earier oh look at that
hi
I just do it without the talking this
time to see if it works yes did you like
that stupid sped up footage seen at the
start of fury road
yes huh the answer is yes it sets the
tone appropriately pretty much
everything in that movie worked you've
gained karma shit get out of here get
out of here I failed the mission though
did you two do running away shit
put your gun away I'm behind you huh how
many are behind you I mean like some
just two right now I can get him yeah
take them all out
not that one running away running away
take off your sore arms cripple them
play with them like like toys this one I
just like this shoot this one I would
just like to get dead dead alright the
other one all I'll tell you it really
yeah so we're doing this oh shit
what happened did you miss I don't know
stop hitting me I'm far away from you
this one let's deal with you
- right arm shots shit he's still using
that arm right fuck him all right you
just have to die he won't he refuses I
see that about him oh wait no this guy
now if I get it if I can get another arm
shot yeah boom now you ain't stabbing no
one oh shit
I think the arrest caught up to me yep
they're shooting me great that's great
oh shit running away running away to die
you're gonna die I know but I'm running
away fuck fuck by the tree Oh
furiosa
what time are we use that you're having
fun now you're fucking around and you're
shooting at things random yeah that's
fun what time is six eleven oh my god
really yeah oh cool let's take a little
break I'm hungry
that sounds good um wait freedom
throwing break break whoa yeah where we
leave off we left off at Bunga dunk
humberto Cabbage Patch skeletonbill and
Biffle Potamus
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we do what was
that last name Biffle Potamus
Biffle bottom is Thomas Biffle faux pas
Thomas that's a great name that's a
great name Biffle Potamus we'll be back
I don't know if we're gonna play more
fallout maybe cuz now I'm fucking around
and having fun or we'll play another
game but we'll be back and we'll play
for maybe an hour or so longer lose but
if we're gonna take a break I'm just
gonna eat a sandwich

[Part IV]
your back we're all back Jax kind of
back here's what I want to say before
people start talking about Jack and
fallout something I said to rich as soon
as we cut and I wanted to make sure I
said it to y'all as well which is I can
100% understand why someone would be
into these Fallout games so much it
seemed like a very deep world and if
that's what you're into I think that's
great and I can understand why people
would like it and playing now being a
little bit older giving some time to it
I understand the VATS combat a little
better
but
don't necessarily know if it's my thing
I think it could be my leg I think if I
actually sat down and paid attention to
the story it could be my thing all right
the question is what I ever sit down and
pay attention mister I don't that's the
question I don't know Turkish Doong
Doong Doong do like it's your dog I have
too much self-respect new ass darkus did
don't have a door kissed dungeon No
no I'll accept much you'll accept porch
oh I remember I remember what that means
I don't care about Jurassic world and I
muted you
you dick house doesn't belong the game
you will arrive along the old road Oh
Kappa that's interesting day wines with
the trouble heaven sir you should tell
us that profession through the corrupted
countryside leading the only I fear to
ever more tender for some places there
is a silly I know I only got a 10 days
that's what I'm saying like but getting
that couple hours in and on its writhing
I definitely understand why people like
without madness the old road take it to
hell
but in that gaping abyss we will find
our Redemption all right great
alright to fix that volume you wait wait
things happening is this game gonna
crash and not New Vegas like everyone
said everyone thought New Vegas was
gonna crash
that might be what happened oh that's
really funny oh no they go okay so rich
yes what is this game I you've talked
about this game well I don't know much
about this game this is one of those
games people keep asking us to play yeah
that's why I know about this and dungeon
of the endless which we got gifted
recent terrible I've played this a
little bit okay
not none that's where I can start
talking about what some kind of fucking
expert okay
there's turn-based combat okay there are
dungeons to explore and there are people
to hire and your your your little guys
can die permanently okay this is a bit
like XCOM in that I'm with him oh god
damn it feel for feel for fearful sludge
boy I have not seen the admin video yet
sorry I it's on it's in I have a it
bookmarked and I will watch it I have
not watched wait they're using a mouse
yep now we are using we are using a
mouse now we are it you got you we come
as a team
it's a curse Jack it is it's a curse the
curse for you now that rich is playing
rich is using a mouse because rich
prefers using a mouse and that's fine
new Vegas is better than follow three
that's that's what I heard and and
that's why we played it and stone and
also we just someone had gifted us new
Vegas and so that's why we decided to
play it I feel like I have a better
grasp on the series now and I kind of I
kind of understand its whole thing maybe
you know maybe one 4 comes out we'll do
it we'll do it as an episode and that'll
really could it you know like that'll
force me to get into it okay so what's
the because I wasn't paying attention
that's the story okay okay I like that I
like it that you're lady playing
something that you're not super familiar
with like like months ago yeah couple
months ago
I played this once okay so the answer is
I don't yeah maybe we should give like
the original fallout it's like fallout
one into a shot I agree yeah I agree
that cares about story I do places
here's the thing I don't like it when
they talk to me but in general I do like
a game to have a story I like to know
what's happening he's a walking
contradiction I just don't want them to
tell it to me it's very complicated that
doesn't make any sense I wanna I want to
figure it out for myself
it's complicated
it's very comfy Oh
yes Tiberius Kirk I like a story but I
like it to unfold during gameplay during
play I never want to not be playing
apparently you can win the fallout by
only talking yes I like that
I think that's fun I think that's really
good
so you got a night and you got a guy
with a gun anime this is the reason I
stopped playing this is a big cheer PG
issue final attack spam spam spam spam
that's just that's just turn-based
combat this one
sure X well X comma has a has an
amusement all of eight elements to the
turn-based yeah but if he you know this
is classic turn-based yeah this is bad
hey it might just it it could be that
it's just not balanced properly or you
didn't get to the part where it's good
I like I like the character designs I
love that guy look that guy with a gun
and the sword I don't like the combat
right next time you do combat though
explain to me what you're doing right
before you click on things tell me what
you're clicking okay back up on here
you got a hairy room all right this
stuff great
great that's great mm-hmm I think the
characters you look great especially
that dis mas de moss
he looks cool town why are you returning
to town FTL is not welcome such as it is
sorry this soil and hamlet these
corrupted lands they are yours now and
like FTL you can target areas on your
enemy you wish to attack you got
disabled their engines you can disable
the shields huh
you can beam over and fight people
there's lots of options in different
ways but going about the combat in FTL
this is you find the most effective
tackling this family team up on one
enemy first you dinnertime
that's how you do it for umbrella I mean
I've been playing as the the Mantis
cruisers recently and the cruiser be you
know gives you that teleporter right
from the get-go and it's really awesome
defeat the was in the heck defeat the
wizened hack alright alright do it
age for help
i I'm not too into fighting games witchu
plague doctor lady unrelenting and a
lady oh my god is tomorrow the seam is
steam summer sale already really holy
fuck it's great
yeah the four-man teleporter of the
Mantis bishop is awesome send over your
whole party fuck him up it's the
greatest I'm having tons of fun
most will end up here covered in the
poisoned birth doctor Rico if you just
got a new credit card and the Steam sale
starts tomorrow you are very screwed I'm
sorry just remember to breathe remember
to breathe and remember about your time
you can't use a new credit card no he
just got a new credit card so it's empty
it has all of its available balance
ready to dump on to the Steam sale oh
yes so just remember pick one or two
games that's it stop at one or two games
that you will actually play think about
your time be reasonable should be great
play this once months ago I don't
remember where I'm going next this is
bad PR you only need to complete quests
for all these things I once got a thing
got it I'm going there great right
yeah
you give me one or two per day right no
if you're gonna do that just do one a
day like think about your time again
average game I want to still say is
about 20 hours think about how many
games you can play in a week how long
are these games gonna last worse these
are a start what am I missing
this shouldn't be like a hit man there's
gotta be something I'm sorry
something gonna do in town yet
apparently you need to drag party
members into the bottom slots so go back
oh okay oh so you can choose which party
okay that's not necessarily the most
intuitive but all right well I'll bring
them all then provision the cost of
preparedness like the look of our this
looks like um later who do drew Hellboy
McClung Mike Mignola yeah this looks
like my Kamenka Daniel yeah this looks a
lot like Hellboy comics this is great
okay yeah you need your hives poisonous
voices yeah what's that shovel was that
do bring a bunch
what's this shovel do breaks things
clear obstacles and break into things
you should at least have a shovel
torches are important there you go
Milwaukee has a one airport and
apparently today is a busy day
how many different wrong ass ways can
you spell Mike Mignola's name a bit many
apparently they said way too many
shovels way too many shovels
that's what Thursday
I don't know if it's true but those are
sands it's a spoon too many shovels
which you're gonna be digging and
digging and digging and what and then
you everyone else is gonna be like I
want to dig - you said there's only one
hole fine we're fine we're fine you
don't keep the items after the dungeon
really the fiends must be driven
risk/reward and what profits greater
profit margin you know I did not care
for either of the Hellboy movies for
those of you talking about the Hellboy
movies I enjoyed the comics a lot but I
did not care for the movies I think I've
talked about this before I don't I don't
think that Guillermo del Toro can direct
action well and I don't think he had the
budget for the right kind of action
sequences and that kind of not ruined
the movie for me that's not like the the
poor actions sour of the actions would
be for me I got no they told me not to
bring more shuffles I've already using
one do you only use it once an
individual purpose no you still got it
at a time
did I still haven't ia was still in
there which way you want ahead I don't
know it's all the same I guess sex 1/2
dozen of the others they say they said
things
Oh God
okay so now wait what are you doing I
don't know this there's a different
number of texts you can do okay
take aim Pizza french 75 okay finish
sandwich 80 million 85 and what does the
take aim do for chicken that has eyes
Plus for accuracy it probably you
probably do better on the next term sure
okay
okay so you have picked
yeah Pan's Labyrinth is great just won
damages everybody Pan's Labyrinth is
beautiful and that's exactly the type of
movie that he should make is is
atmosphere we're trying to damage
everybody do it nope but it's been the
wrong thing you might have taken fuck
yeah
he's the big one he's the one you got to
worry about right position is important
I guess you can only use that move when
he's in one of the first two rows of the
party
oh that's important and he can only
attack the front two guys barely just
the front one I guess some there's only
three counts than some accounts all
right they're stupid
well no it's it's positioning this this
damage is the first to kind of position
your party yeah it's almost always
better to take one guy out first rather
than just tribute
sure sure
which I guess is a chance to study
something very important so they can't
attack you but less 67% less damage it's
it's not like anything was wrong with
the action scenes in Hellboy they were
just so cheap looking you know like the
wire work was very obvious I'm trying to
I'm trying to think of like a prime
example is like when he's fighting the
monster in the subway station and he
does that thing where he's knocked back
and he like that he knocks the tiles
loose with his feet it just all looks so
corny and I missed Oh way to go it just
looks cheap and that that takes you out
of the action sequences
you know like Ron Perlman in that big
suit he can't really like swing you
can't really swing his fists and then
you know you see some of the like CG
sequences and they work a little bit
better but then they don't do a good job
kind of making them work together Jack
please say L Lavrentiy no telephone of
his grades L leverty normal time is
great I can only assume that means pants
library
um I was ok with Pacific Rim did you see
Pacific Rim right no no it's fine I you
know kind of kind of a similar problem
where I didn't think that the giant
monster battles were that impressive
but you know fine story I'm a big fan of
things like Touhou movies and kaiju
movies giant monster movies and Power
Rangers and that kind of stuff but so
you know overall I enjoyed it but I do
know it's definitely not the greatest
best ever I'm glad they're making
another one I think we should have big
action movies like that but did that
take his turn tequilas oh okay great
great
confident surgeons that's what I like to
hear damn it no I like Charlie they like
Charlie Day is a brilliant scientist ok
I'd buy that it's you know he's that's
what he is he was the nerdy scientist
and they were playing it up and I liked
that they were being can't be with it
but I also liked the big rubber puppet
suits I think those are funny that's
part of the reason why I like those old
movies is seeing the guys in the suits
to stomp over the tiny city torches
fading the current torch level greatly
affects many mechanics in the game
the darker against the harder things get
that are the rewards right-click on a
torch from inventory can boost the light
back up
Oh dunt dunt dunt dunt uh what up ah see
what happens I mean maybe we should
torch it up for now I just uh you know
we're still learning is that it's it's
okay sometimes whoa what was that
great this sucks
yeah fuck you guy crepe shot it's done I
think he maybe he's resistant to stun
because it's a skeleton was stunned
immortality clarified in a single strike
I don't know something about clarifying
a single strike or something
as the feed polls faint hope blossoms
little over-the-top kind of love it who
died just nice dodge the back three but
yeah that's wierd so that's weird
does that mean it would only hit yes the
best the back one in this case in the
back there highlighted so I can hit up
oh oh okay oh there you go
so if there was four though you don't
hit the back
this is rich playing yeah rich is
playing this one I'm being support right
now I'm just moral support come on come
on now that's kind of great it's funny I
agree
hopefully it varies enough where it
won't get repetitive as victories mount
that's a lot of shovels your food eat
food or help to start off hunger I was
sorry health and yeah yeah
just one or two can you click on your
mage lady and can she like have a
healing potion no in between
no that's nice in some RPGs your
characters can do stuff in between
battles but there's nothing that I'm
looking to pick up during the sale I'm
gonna check out the sales everyday and
if if something comes my way I'm gonna
take it right now but I don't hope
because that is you know like if if I
want a game to get it it's a trap nice
it's a torch Oh what is that
how many things you have to click on a
thing to make it work
double-click is it always double click
not sure great
no I don't know if my kid
f-five lols is asking if I'd ever show
my kids that Godzilla movie where he
dies at the end
no I don't know if they could take it
right now is the Treblemakers on my yet
my youngest one really is in love with
Godzilla right now so if we watch a
Godzilla movie where Godzilla even gets
hurt he cries but they've been really
enjoying him
I showed him godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla
the other day oh that's great great fun
this isn't follow what you missed is
Jack fucking around and fall out jack
complaining about all of the talking and
fallout but in general enjoying it and
understanding why people love it so much
I could see it being a very deep game
that people could really get into maybe
not me but I can see how the people
getting into it
no I'm not gonna show him the new
Godzilla yet I think that's red that's
like pg-13 and I heard it I heard
there's not that much Godzilla on an
ancient and I want Godzilla Godzilla
movies at the end yeah yeah okay it's on
my list of movies to see I just haven't
got around through yet
oh it has a map inside
whoopty fucking dude I will not show him
the Matthew Broderick Godzilla you stop
it Marco it is children no wait that's
her I do
how do you disarm a trap it's kind of
you it's not like what's my job now
seeing movies is not my job playing
video games is my job and I try to play
as many of them as I can
which is why I don't see that many
movies it's other people's jobs to watch
movies also as oh that's the other thing
I want to talk about I saw you guys in
the chat talking about spy spy has a
very high rating on Rotten Tomatoes
right now I've actually heard really
good things about it I've heard it's
very funny spy is the Melissa McCarthy
look at the large lady pretend or fall
down because she's a spy movie and it
looks ever like everything that's wrong
with movies but I've heard that it's
funny do you have to click it only go
forward do you have to clear the whole
dungeon I'm not sure I don't know second
time I played this game sure do you have
to walk back out
do you have to go to the deepest part of
the dungeon and then walk out no and I
don't trust it that I don't trust that
spy is a good movie and I still will not
see it because you know it looks like
everything that's wrong but I have heard
it's good I've heard good things
your objective is in the upper left next
to the seal upper left oh skirmish
complete 100% of room battles oh thank
you
thank you Adam Lich so yeah you just
need to clear the dungeon no Skellington
today you're gonna crush you with their
big
that's the thing a favor customer for
anyone who remembers seeing the previews
for 21 Jump Street it was kind of the
same thing oh here's another remake and
then you see it and is actually funny it
could be another 21 Jump Street where
it's legitimately funny it's it's it's
it's tough to believe I'll tell you that
tough to believe
oh Christ
all right now you're crushing addition
at least promises now aggression
Cecil X 1x XIX that we probably won't
ever do Godzilla movies best of the
worst oh he's got like Wolverine cause
that's awesome just because they kind of
are what they are if we can find like a
like a low-rate Godzilla movie then mate
yeah I know I know it's just it's it's
letting you know it
dick neutral you know well 20 of the
Jump Street movies made by Lord and
Miller they're written by Lord Miller
the same people who wrote lego movie
same people who wrote they've done a lot
of good stuff Philip Lord and
Christopher Miller though they wrote
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs which
is hilarious good people
everybody still alive that's good oh my
god my god Tolu he summons Cthulhu arms
or octopus arms we don't know
I don't know what the last man on earth
is apparently a TV show of some sort oh
oh they they wrote the television
version when heroes versus zero oh no
they are at death's door oh no something
else oh and also they just they just
directed the last man on earth
television show they did not write it
why but they wrote cloudy
they wrote I guess they just directed 21
Jump Street they didn't write and same
with 22 alright so there's some there's
some stuff in there where they just
directed I was thinking that more as
writers the meatball movies are so good
oh and they are they are pegged to
rights the flash movie in 2018
interesting my hands break from becoming
unwound possibly not we probably won't
ever do animated movies on best of the
worst just because part of the things we
make fun of best of the worst is
production value and it's kind of hard
to make fun of the production value of
animated movies he's no they sure drew
him poorly I think we just run out of
material so probably not as nightmarish
creatures can be filled they can be
beaten and I got dropped something right
click
I'm sure you can drop stuff gold is good
yeah shift-click on this to discard it
is how you do it
move stone yeah you don't need a fucking
yeah get out of shift-click yeah there
you go there you go you eat something to
live won't do that
we already did Oh a key that reminds me
mommy there's a mummy
there's no sarcophagus or something sure
oh it's completely is that what you
clicked on to get all your items no whoa
click the upper left leg why he wants to
click the upper one not right now I
don't know okay oh god that guy's so
fucked
oh yeah I know
Oh God can you move him back of the part
on to the back of the party like
somebody in range of Oh didn't work on
him because he's oh he's a dirty fucker
oh he sure is he's he's just so weak
that he's not doing any damage what's
the white bar at the bottom these
questions I do well I'm telling you I
don't know the answer it might be
meaningful but you don't care do yet
well I just don't care how you might
know and if you did know then you know
it'd be fun and interesting because I'd
be like what's happening and you'd be
like oh this is what's happening sanity
is now desert I think oh maybe is that
that's the what the white barter is type
II might be white bar equals madness
okay oh and maybe because it's all full
up he's a little crazy I gotta get you
now we drink
oh he just he just wants a Piedmont's of
brew man get that man a beer you gotta
calm that guy down he needs a he needs a
massage or a pedicure or some sort of
shit to calm him down
click on the top left corner of the map
and you can retreat from battle oh
there's that little white flag might be
going for it now fuck it I mean you're
already here if we lose a guy who bucket
there's always more guys alright your
guys dies that's what happens sometimes
said that in the beginning of the thing
of a game Oh No
why did you do that that might be good I
don't think the range guys can help say
that crossbows oh okay
so I'm gonna say that's a blessing in
disguise okay
oh they're crossbows do have a thing all
right never mind
haha we did miss yep
crit you critted you're late great
fucking awesome trifling bitch oh oh
brother did that let me let me check let
me check if it's here Oh bro oh brother
finding the stop is only the first test
how it must be carried home
oh I can just all right
my room all my whole we reclaim what is
ours
I didn't know I could just leave I
thought I had to go to the exit I'm
sorry Chad collected treasure alright I
think we're a little bit ahead
financially compared to what we took in
so that's fine that's fine
Wow
once our estate was the envy of this
land
fresh kegs cards and Curtin grooms
promise solace to the weary and broken
alike
okay
not allowed to gamble while in sham town
all right father I have to try and make
this man rational account oh how do you
do that oh good or the brothel good what
do you think he was talking about
drinking earlier and put him in the bar
that's a good idea
Oh mother yes all of your beers came but
apparently they came with a little note
that said they shouldn't go in the
refrigerator right away because they
needed to finish doing whatever it is
that beer does to finish may being beer
and so we just we just put them in the
refrigerator okay so we probably won't
have any tonight but yes there they're
all here they made it I'm excited and
terrified Strait oyster stout goes to
the faithful
so
look at today that was last Friday well
listen I wasn't here I'm sorry I died I
didn't get it
I just asked Jay we put him in the
fridge it's happening we're gonna drink
I'm gonna drink him Ali's I don't care
if they drink him I'm gonna drink from
this guy sucks
and there are oh yeah prone to stealing
items in town we'll only pray for stress
relief no misses the spot 1% minus 1%
crit chance oh oh ok sucks yeah it kind
of sucks can 6 yeah well you know is if
he's ooh we got right now we don't need
him who else we got
oh we got a lady with the thing on her
face who's the lady with the thing on
her face you need to lock them in to
confirm this must the rogue is not
actually at the bar yet how do you want
them in oh yeah that makes sense
ok heads up Thank You Adam which thank
you
what's happening yeah
boy stur stout that's what a lot of
these are called a plague doctor with
minus 50% disease resistant not a good
dog not a good idea
that's probably why instead of being a
doctor he fights monsters all the time
-5 accuracy minus 10% damage oh wow Wow
no he sucks well these are your starters
you know you got to build them up yeah
build them up
Oh bother I I assumed that Ulster stout
was just a fancy name if you're telling
me you made this beer with actual
oysters I get a little mortar I'm still
gonna drink it I'll tell you that but
you're making me nervous
pay to get rid of the quirks at the
asylum I don't know if it's unlocked yet
okay okay
atomic glitch by the way knows about
this game Damocles my arrest a week I
don't want to go into the next mission
with only two guys I'm sure just like in
real life bad quirks can be removed with
cash you're absolutely right bad quirks
can be ignored with cash great heroes
can be even here in the mud and rain I
don't know if we got any Michigan wine
it might have found its way into Jesse's
backpack and we might not have seen it
so the answer is maybe can I wait around
is there a way I can around until these
guys are out of their meditation or
whatever the fuck through
looking
looking yeah i'd hire more but there's
nobody to hire
there's nobody in the coach you see I
need to go on a mission no that's just
fucking great
so who do you know we have two people
you don't have four heroes available
through it more heroes recruit more
heroes we you need to recruit more pimps
and more pushers these are the things
you need to do it says they have to be
there for a week though right I don't
think I can just take them right back
out is that something I can do I mean
you can assure you will not be refunded
the cost oh fuck this you have to do a
quest
so just take two out well this is a
teachable moment teachable moment oh now
you know you didn't know before now you
know this is how it works we're
operating at a loss yep
and not in not killing it
I don't want her no no you're the healer
you stand back
yeah you'd think he'd be able to like
hire someone for just one mission you
know like maybe they're more expensive
or something croc cold
cool air
I I'm gonna go ahead and assume the
answer for rich no neither of us are
playing heroes of the storm or
hearthstone a mais Joyce him quickly
parcels that card thing yeah it's like a
clicky it's like a like a cookie clicker
oh that's gonna make people upset
telegin you're baiting me into a
conversation what do I think of vegans I
respect vegans a lot more than I respect
just vegetarians no it's fine if that's
how you feel you want to live your life
you go you go right ahead as long as you
don't talk to me about it while I'm
eating a hamburger you do you and really
if you're gonna if you're gonna be a
vegetarian it all depends on your
reasons you know like some people like
like that kind of stuff for health
reasons body reasons like that's fine
great if it's a cruelty to animals thing
then I would prefer you go full vegan
and not just vegetarian I even knew some
people like who were vegetarian except
for fish and it's like that doesn't
count then by the way then you're not a
vegetarian you know I mean then I just
have issues with the way they treat
animals yeah makes sense yeah and that
makes sense and that's what I'm saying I
respect vegans a lot more because they
go 100 percent ones no see how are they
mistreated well it's natural fish from
the sea Nanette you beat the shit out of
it until it dies yeah that's different
got a bird that lived its whole life in
a cage with 50 other birds exactly the
cage is like 1 foot by 1 foot but what
if it's like a salmon farmer then it's
the same thing where they're swimming in
their own shit and like it's all the
same shit whoa they switch positions on
their own what the fuck you're people
yeah what that's not good that's not
good at all how do they do that someone
just did it and I'm going to fire them
I gotta find out who has the randomly
switch positions perk up and I'm gonna
ruin their day yep
vegan hating is a kind of species and
I'm not I'm officially not vegan hating
they can everyone's allowed to do what
they will as long as they don't talk to
me about it I don't care that's my
official rule move vegan you B of being
in I have several vegetarian and vegan
friends and we get along just fine I eat
the meat they don't eat the meat it's
great
oh and Oh bother I love your labels Oh
bother labeled all of his beers with
like the stickers that you put on VHS
tapes okay they look fantastic I'm
really excited to drink them we are
they're getting cold now so I don't
think I'll have one tonight well I'll be
maybe I'll maybe I'll come back Sunday
did they switch positions again or did
you do
I agree with that king random kraang
random says I feel like the only people
who talk about vegetarians are internet
people goading people into taking sides
in an imaginary argument and I agree
with that that's why I like a vegan or
vegetarian you go nuts man
start with the alts beer jack that's the
100% where the enemy corn I just might
take it home I'm gonna take it home
tonight Oh bother
get in the fridge Oh Oh bother it'll be
my late-night snack getting great
do I have to send them home brewed to
get them to pronounce my name correctly
dung Atlee maybe maybe done good lead if
you know usually sending us stuff gets
us to pay a little more attention to you
why what does she have
you got
does she only have one move yeah that's
weird that's weird
all right that's her move
over it Jenny's getting close to hockey
time yeah it's it's you know what it's
not gonna be a clinching game okay I
miss the first part of the game it's a
big deal okay just a warnings everyone
yeah rich is going to watch a hockey
game tonight so we're not gonna be
streaming all night dong this were
clinching game yeah we'd be done we'd be
done art that's great that's fine
telegin you don't need to like beer
that's fine many people don't like beer
many people don't like the pace beer and
those of us who do like beer have
developed a taste we've put up with the
taste and now we like it's like with
coffee of them don't like with anything
oh that was horrible so that's fine you
don't have to like beer Oh what happened
infected by something oh just you know
they make suppositories for that now
it's really easy I have anything in my
inventory that will reduce insanity on
the fly sure
probably not I mean yeah I'm sure
there's stuff that you can get but why
oh you're mage is about to go insane
yeah
okay oh my god
well not making it through this dungeons
oh and apparently you can switch
positions now she's supposed to be best
on mothers through sluts sure I could
have just not had those act it was there
was something one left and that one
wasn't in the right position so I'm
gonna keep these positions sure this is
where I put him in the first place
okay oh yeah she's up front position up
front
yep oh yeah second light preference okay
okay great yeah I think they were just
letting you know like oh this is when
you can do it now
flying Finn overall my impressions of
New Vegas were positive a little too
talky talky for me it was a little too
talk Kentucky but I get it
it's probably not my kind of game but I
get why people are so into it it seems
like a very deep world once and it took
me the entirety of the two and a half
hours I played it to understand the
combat system but once I understood how
to use vats combat I got it
and I was having a little bit of fun
just farting around a little to
talky-talky for me so it might not be my
kind of game but overall I'm gonna I'm
gonna give it a positive feeling even
though it's not my kind of thing I think
I'm polishing your knob I'm saying I
accept that uh that we have different
tastes and it's just it's just not -
just it's not it's just that she's a
little more shooty shooty
yo guys
no I'm not gonna say fuck follow there
there are games that I will say you know
fuck this game not that game cuz I get
it
not my thing but I did get I appreciate
the craft
begone fiend
how come I didn't stick with real-life
combat because I wasn't using my
preferred controller and so my aim was a
little off and the VAT systems seem to
be working better so I use especially
for our plane thing because I've never
played any kind of shooter with a
fucking controller so just that's just a
horrible idea if you were using a mouse
though would you still use the VAT
system yes just different okay if i
watch the divergent series it's like
eating sand I didn't know that I don't
think I have you know what I've been
watching
isn't that true detective that HBO
series okay it's literally like a
detective story about some Matthew
McConaughey and Woody Harrelson are like
southern detectives in Louisiana and
they have to solve an occult crime oh
really really good it like borderline it
rides the line of pretentious every once
in a while but overall very good very
good series I'm only like five episodes
and really really digging it
Thank You dick the birthday boy I get
that reference
did not bring up toys Oh
Oh God yeah I know season 2 is coming up
that's why I wanted to get through
season 1 now cuz and then apparently
season 2 just has nothing to do with
season 1 it's just like a different
detective story which i think is great
I prefer stuff like that you get for
whipping
Krieger we're not going to late as as
rich would like to launch some sort of
game with some sort of figure skater
game I don't I don't quite know how it
works but um I don't know if there's
like an Olympic tryout today where
people figure skate but like they figure
skate with sticks and so I don't quite
get it but apparently there's some sort
of game where people skate on ice with
sticks and rich would like to watch that
game so I can only imagine you so we're
not going to late
my guess is either when this dungeon is
done or when Rich dies whichever comes
closest we'll call it an end is Telecom
one that has a very important question
know which I would like is that I think
the answer's no as well
but here's the question wait you said
who telecom telegin has okay no Phoenix
is not a Phoenix already got the answer
to that question when a Trappist forum
earlier telegin wants to know whether or
not seth macfarlane is a hack sure oh
and say i don't think he is I get I get
the Family Guy jokes over
yep time to move on I see I think he has
a style and I think he's good at his
style I don't always like his jokes but
he's got a thing and he's good at the
man should not ever be in front of a
camera I think he he does not have the
right kind of sauce yeah what does she
do like does she do anything this guy's
not in the right position for her to be
able to hit on
powerful blow become as dust a trifling
big treat but a victory nonetheless
todd mcfarlane yes he's definitely a
hack definitely a hack
100% he's a heck of a author and and are
you a businessman one shake of a
businessman you know I haven't credit
where credit is due
Touche rich Touche that man knows how to
sell some toys he was he was smart
enough in his days of Marvel to know
that he was the one making all the money
and he was smart enough to realize that
he should have been getting more yeah
that's true and it totally worked out
for him mmm-hmm that's really true rich
I'll give you that yes Todd McFarlane is
the creator of spawn the most for anyone
who doesn't know and go look up some
drawings of spawn and he'll seek like he
might be a bit of a she didn't save
yourself oh really
sometimes heroes respond to the
onslaught of stress by becoming heroic
whoa this elevated state of performance
will last until they camp or return to
town and confer stat bonuses and other
benefits Wow
so she just became awesome who's that
your monk yeah fuck yeah
keep her around hand of light
our Depot oh I thought things are gonna
get off that was really I was really
kind of a letdown right there you're you
your adventure became heroic called down
the hand of I'm so sorry that I hit you
with my hands of light there
I this can't yeah are you something yes
you just you blow huh you blow so much I
can't believe how much you've all
tape you take that take that take that
oh the take your ticket if it became
tape tape switch spots
No
I like that last skeleton he's just like
it was good over here you guys ready to
party
he looks like he is not supposed to be
with that group but it's like whoo I
guess I'm here now
gotta be in a fight can I have a knife
and now all of his like bigger burlier
friends are getting defeated he's like
Oh Kimia no I was not with them I just
showed up you know to damage that once
and now she misses well she's you know
she's so heroic that she's blindly sweet
what smart with my healer and I'm a
healer can't heal ways to turn moving
these people sure this is bullshit this
is total bullshit
rich maybe not loving darkest dungeon I
don't think I'm very deep into it no no
I wasn't going for a Canadian accent
with that last guy it was more like a
that was more like Southern California
bum you know Oh me and guys
oh geez man maybe like maybe like the
stoner yooper stoner guy from Fargo see
now it's just him left look going like
okay okay I'm gonna be real with you I
snuck into this party and I didn't want
to be here I'm just gonna back away now
okay you guys just go your way and I'll
go my way as victories mount so too will
the resistance
ah let's retreat an option from the the
whole dungeon yeah probably
our our darkest dungeon expert says make
sure you count to the rooms your
objective is to explore 90% of them and
you don't want to have to go through all
the rooms twice do enemies respond
I don't think enemies respond but I
think traps respawn
it was one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
fourteen and if I go all the way through
to the end I'm gonna miss two of them oh
Jesus I'm probably gonna go one more
room just to get some treasure and then
we're gonna retreat
okay can we retreat I don't know any
time I don't know what's uh what's that
err on the top right corner of the map
you're pretty sure there's a retreat oh
there's a little retreat there's a white
flag next to your objective way up on
top do I lose anything I've collected if
I do that my get my assumption is that
you would lose everything you collected
do I lose everything I've collected if I
do that
because I have no illusions of being
able to make 90% of this dungeons right
now am i my plague doctor is going to
die andis near insanity what do we think
you just don't get the quest reward no
okay I'm gonna go one more room I'm
gonna try and get oh but apparently
apparently you do gain some stress
that's fine okay
there are look at them yeah they're
fucked they're totally fucked you get
extra stress okay if you camp you can
heal yeah you can make camp is what
they're saying okay dives into that room
can I do that in the hallway can I do
that anywhere I assumed you could do
that anywhere where you're not fighting
right I don't know I don't know you
could probably do it here give it a shot
see what happens yeah yeah yeah well I
Mario Mario sorry about starting early
other people seem to have liked it not
an everyday thing yeah well you know we
we were talking about another earlier
stream furtive and as it turns out rich
wanted to watch some sort of Ice Capades
today and so we thought it might be a
nice day to do an earlier stream what is
it throat frozen how nice Disney's
frozen on ice yes
Disney's Marvel's Avengers frozen on ice
it's Elsa and Anna versus Ultron it is
what I'm going
hey then conga Reggie and your sis but
yeah time MacFarlane used to live right
next door to me he'd moved though a few
years ago he had a van with spawn
painted on it it was really tacky
yeah is that isn't shocking to anybody
no I'm Todd McFarlane's art that
tackiness would be involved somewhere in
fact if I ever met Todd McFarlane and he
was not wearing a leather Spawn jacket
on top of a spawn t-shirt I would be
surprised you know I don't hate him
personally I don't I just I hate his
heart yeah sorry no and I also think
he's a horrible shill
he's got a is he a shill a shill what
makes you think he's a shill isn't he
isn't he supposedly like awfully self
promoting at everything like that's
that's what I've heard about him is like
he he will stop at nothing to promote
his brand yeah that's fine but he
promotes his brand at the expense of
good taste he doesn't he doesn't -
Touche this is a man who spent like four
million dollars to buy some baseballs
right
what he spent millions of dollars to
vied remember some years ago now when
Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa were both in
the same year going to break the records
for the number yes and it was kind of
like a race cuz they both were going to
break the previous record they didn't
know which one was gonna end up having
the record at the end of the season
right I do remember this he todd
mcfarlane paid millions of dollars for
the balls that went over the whole run
title one total ball that broke that
record and then when Sammy Sosa we're
over everybody by that ball I spent
millions of dollars on this and then
like three seasons later barry bond
there records that's nice yeah shuttin
fried it
but I mean I hate his art he's horrible
both as a writer and as an artist he's a
horrible storyteller mm-hmm
like his art he draws fancy poses but
it's like the panel's don't flow it like
his action scenes are just like a weird
pose and then the next panel is a
completely unrelated different pose yes
that is an accurate description of his
kind of course I remember there was a
fight scene in spawn it was just one
panel just like an arm flying through
the panel like somebody ripped off an
arm we didn't show any action going on
between the characters nice but he draws
lots of weird lines and he's a weird
personal style on that that's what put
him ahead I guess you need something
I'll take I'll take Eric Larsen over
Todd McFarlane any day of the week
Eric lurks in the pockets guy savage
dragon right image just worth it just
for the same trick okay am i talking
about Eric Larsen for bid okay who's
there who's Eric Larsen he does a thing
called say that's the dragon with the
mohawk I think it's a film that kind of
looks like a mohawk yeah of course okay
so you fin on your head is gonna mohawk
whoo it's not hair though it isn't gonna
cut that way there's no choice in the
matter it grows there okay so what does
he do as a dragon he's a cop
obviously he's savage he's a cop that
was the that was the gimmick that was
the shtick I'm looking this up I mean I
believe you I'm still looking at a
person with green skin and super powers
of the fin and instead of like choosing
to wear a tacky costume he just his
joins the Chicago Police Department
that's exactly we're talking about
and that's Jay everybody he will kill
popular characters just like the fun
thing fun and horrible thing about the
savage dragon was that you never knew
what was going to happen from issue to
issue
hmm he was not afraid to shake up the
status quo versus his greatest strength
as a writer a disgrace beneath this
house it just too weird sure sure
sometimes he would just shake it up just
for a shake up yes a yeah gotcha I'm
with you I'm with you that's really fun
this looks great
I just got for the iPad comixology the
app which is like a digital comics
reader yeah and the prices are insanely
cheap so I've been catching up on a
whole bunch of stuff I'll add this to
the list if it's on there there was
there was an issue of the savagery no no
build-up to note it wasn't like a twenty
five part storyline just one issue he he
destroyed the earth he destroyed the
earth and it wasn't a dream it didn't
come back like the savage dragon his
adventures from that point onward in a
parallel universe a different earth but
everyone we knew and cared about for
like the last 45 years before that just
everyone dies how do you just really
want a character very much like Galactus
just just ate the earth he was fearless
he wasn't afraid to do drastic horrible
things this is very funny yeah this
sounds like a great book oh four years
for like a decade oh I still read comic
books my the issue of the comic book I
look forward to more than any other
comic book was the savage dragon for
many years that's that's quite a selling
yes quite a sales pitch apparently they
did a crossover with the ninja - yeah
great
where he wasn't afraid to do
if somebody woulda martyred a let's have
a crossover with that with the March tax
he would do it yes sir
great he had a I'm looking him up right
now what else a fan character creation
contest where you create your own
character and send him the character and
the information about the character he
won the contest he would guest our own
issues dragon burn it was Jimbo of the
mighty lobster I'm so into this and he
would he would like set up little things
that would pay off no yeah but yeah
everything was so fast-paced you could
never stop and smell the roses and the
savage dragon because it was too crazy
it was too crazy for that he wouldn't
linger on characters I'm looking I'm
looking him up right now
we all stayed you I'm just I'm just
looking up like what else what his
discography is well ever since image
he's just been doing that oh sure but
beforehand he gave Superman Aquaman yeah
Teen Titans oh he even did a a Suicide
Squad amazing spider-man Fantastic Four
guardians of the galaxy Incredible Hulk
Wow he'd done everything oh I think I
have his he did a Peter Parker
spider-man did you read any of those
yeah Peter Parker spider-man I liked a
lot of those Peter Parker spider-man
I'll give you my thoughts on the tick
the the cartoon is some of the greatest
stuff in the world the old comic book
was also great I haven't read much of
the old okay it was just a spoof
superhero comics yeah the old cartoon is
fantastic if you can find the old tick
cartoon watch all of it you will love
all of it
I'm the helping people tick it there's
just there's so much in the tick that's
just the greatest the live-action
Peter Warburton show not so much
don't don't watch that at all they tried
to do a live-action
I've never saw it very it's terrible
it's far worse than you could ever
expect how do I feel about spider Glen I
have no I know nothing about spider-gwen
other than like the visual I haven't
been I haven't set foot in a comic book
store in many years now so I like the
visual looks cool thank you all for
showing up to this earliest stream we
appreciate you stopping by hope you've
enjoyed the show yeah we do and that do
we have any new subscribers oh good call
good call
where do we leave off different artists
so the mucker a father father mucker mm
a horrible glory Kahoolawe puffs and
Joe's guy thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it we really do and
and thank you especially you know thank
you to all the new subscribers thank you
to all the old subscribers thank you to
everyone else who just came out what if
it was fun early stream we'll see you on
Sunday hopefully I'm
