Apr 12, 2015
I Am Bread, Tiny Barbarian DX
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4536639
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4536861
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4536819
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEkfSZosN1A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4l7l9XKB2E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfQqHhU71YY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/587425658084560896
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/587369863871668226

[Part I]
hey we go like right now we are by all
accounts we are streaming this very
moment oh my god obviously we'll wait
for confirmation
oh well yep I just got the email
confirmation that we are streaming and
so while we wait - that didn't that
didn't sound like email it sound like a
pneumatic tube my email sure you're not
like regular mail got like a tube
leading into your room my email
notification on my phone is the tf2
sentry gun being alerted to someone's
presence okay okay
and so I'm tweeting right now because I
always forget to tweet so we're talking
you get oh yeah that's right we were
talking what were we talking about the
blood-borne you're talking about the
spider and blood-borne oh my god
so for anyone who has been who's been
playing blood-borne the spider the
stupid stupid spider I can't beat him I
can't beat the spider and it's really
it's starting to bother me
and I've gone through all the other side
missions like I've unlocked the the
clinic and I went through some other
areas and I can't beat that stupid
spider I'll tell you why I'll tell you
what I'll tell you exactly why you can't
beat them it's your twitchy nature with
with the games yeah like you like you
like running into the thick of things
and and and attacking attacks you can't
you can't tackle the spider that way
here's here's well so how do you how are
you going about this battle like what
what are you doing okay so I don't know
there's you fight the spider and these
giant spider and he spawns a whole bunch
of little spiders to fight you while
he's shooting like rocks out of his ass
it's true
so what happens is during his first
appearance you get to kill all the
spiders in he and the big spider doesn't
do anything so that's what I do yes
as I kill all his little spiders then I
go in for the attack yes
and that works like gangbusters then the
problem starts setting it so then in his
second form he he starts shooting ice
rocks at you mm-hmm and that's when
things get a little tricky but I can
still get passed to the second form
barely III instead and like I attack
some of the spiders but I kind of wait
for an opportunity just to go right for
him yeah because if you if you spend too
much time it's acting the little spiders
will just get hit by his stupid ice
rocks but then there's the spiders left
over from the second form and he spawns
new little spiders in the third form and
he's shooting rocks at you and he's
rolling and it's too much it's too much
for me okay
slow and steady wins this race Jack okay
for when you're at it you're not
attacking the spiders head are you oh
god no no that just in case you haven't
noticed that I figured you would have
noticed yeah
take it slow are you using the lock-on I
do use the lock-on don't don't don't the
lock-on yeah yeah you you always even
you know you take out the spiders in the
second form and then you don't I mean in
the first form and then you don't in a
second yeah always take out all the
little spiders first like there's
there's no way I can yeah sure so you do
it okay here's how you do it you don't
use the lock-on right yeah always have
one eye on the big spider hmm don't lock
on to the little guys and strafe them
don't use a lock on it all just maneuver
the camera manually where you always
have your eyes on the big spider and
your first priority is not dying like
right your eyes die and the minute he
starts one of his attacks whatever else
you doing start running away and dodging
okay okay and and because you got all
the time in the world because they don't
he doesn't really like attack you that
aggressively as a boss so take your time
whenever he goes to shoot at you dodge
out of the way and and take out the
little spiders one by one mmm
look look for a little spider that's
that's isolated and go at it might take
you well but tactically do it always
keep
camera focused on the boss and keep an
eye out for an attack my biggest problem
is that I run away as I cannot oh my god
what and he's not that bad if you do it
that way my biggest problem is I can't I
can't dodge those rocks oh my god what
is happening rot Ronon dodge you can
dodge this rock start running to the
side Minh whatever the minute he starts
rear and back sprint start sprinting and
just sprinting to the side might be
enough to not get hit by the rocks sure
once the rocks start coming down then
you do the dodge roll while you're
sprinting it it works more often than
not you'll get hit every now and then
just heal up and and casually take out
those spiders and then once you get rid
of the spiders you go in you take care
of him
you don't don't go for once you take
care of the spires and you go for the
big one don't go for any more than two
hits at one time I guess they'll do an
area of effect attack sure you go in get
a couple heads get the fuck out of the
way let him let him explode and go back
in get another couple hits we're out of
the way let him explode okay I mean
that's it all seems nice in theory it
work I've done it like doom - alright do
two glitches student why not do to do
two one do two one nasty thing they had
with the ps4 I've beat them three times
oh yeah oh yeah I had my first
playthrough right then I started that
second playthrough where I respect yeah
and then I guess it must have happened
when you know we're we were ending the
stream last night I must have unplugged
the PlayStation before it was done
shutting itself down oh no and the
PlayStation I had to I had to reboot it
I had to reformat it Oh terrible so I've
now three times and slow and steady J it
works it works alright I mean I'm gonna
believe you
yeah I'm gonna believe you I am also a
piece of bread I don't know if you've
been noticing what's been happening on
the screen I'm looking as it turns out
rich I'm a piece of bread
figures what is what is the object of
bread right now I'm just going through a
tutorial level yeah so I have no I so
this is your first time playing this is
my very first oh my god it's my very
first time playing and I think I'm kind
of killing it well or not I'm kind of oh
no you dick so I'm just learning how to
walk it's very you know very Octodad
well how do they how are these controls
working like what is doing what okay so
do you see how the plate explain game
let's explain bread yeah
so you see all the buttons basically the
buttons act as grips whenever you press
down on that button you see it turn
yellow it means I'm gripping onto
something oh I have a grip meter - oh
come oh you dick and and so like you can
oh and then you use the left joystick -
you use the left joystick to kind of
wiggle the rest of the bread around the
grip yeah and that's kind of what I'm
doing i climbing is very difficult as
I'm sure you've noticed come on I owed a
desk in other words very Octodad ask the
you know obviously we knew what the
point of this game was the second we
heard about it oh I don't understand my
grip meter at the moment
would you say you are you are wheat
bread and my wheat bread yeah yeah I
look wheat I definitely don't look white
no no
Oh Oh I did it I did it I got up I got
up the wall I'll be delighted once I see
it I just I'm I'm shocked and I'm wait I
think there's a toaster over there I
want to get to that toaster whoa is that
the object of the levels to get in the
toaster I mean I have no idea rich that
would be kind of great I'm trying to
figure out the most efficient way to oh
okay nice edibility
dirty objects and the floor will make
bread less edible if you're edibility
reaches zero you'll have to start again
oh my god and so there are like all
sorts of bugs and stuff on the floor
over here can't what the bugs get me
toasting as you would expect all bread
wants to become toast I would think most
bread would want to avoid it wants to be
burned alive right come on this way
right button left right button right
button so rich oh my god you can scoot
across the ground that's great
rich yes have you been watching
daredevil no oh my god you should watch
daredevil is it good it's so good really
it's really legit good oh I am shocked
and amazed
I have no allegiance towards daredevil
you know like obviously I'm a Marvel fan
boy uh-huh
but you know literally the most I've I
know about daredevil is from what I've
learned from his appearances on the 90s
spider-man cartoon and the Ben Affleck
movie that's it you know that's all I
know about daredevil should read The Man
Without Fear I've heard I've heard very
good things about the Man Without Fear
but it is really good
and I've been really enjoying it come on
come on Brett don't i'm started going
the other way rich okay okay no okay
okay oh no my edibility my edibility i
got bugs on me rich i got bugs oh shit
chest hating on frank miller again have
good I heard he's fucking I like Frank
Miller I don't give a shit he's got his
quirks but that that's it's his business
man I've heard he's a dick who have you
heard this from yes I'm toast
what is the Internet no no no nothing
and everything we know we know as much
as anybody that the internet don't know
jack it's true it's true but I I forget
who it was when we were like I don't
know if it was during a stream or maybe
it was like during a half in the bag
when you or Jay or Mike we're talking
about like why superheroes need to fight
you know like the villain of the week
yeah and how they would kind of just
like it if a superhero just fought the
mob you know like a lower level thing
and that's what daredevil is yeah do you
just fight he's a dude and he's fighting
dudes it's great a blind dude he's a
blind
it's like blind fury the seriously hurt
someone I've never seen blind fury blind
fury is fucking awesome yeah like Lynn
Fury you know fuck fuck diehard blind
fury might be my favorite action movie
of all time
oh no I love diehard but I really love
like for anybody who doesn't know blind
fury is a movie starring Rutger Hauer
where he is a blind man who was blinded
in Vietnam and and the locals taught him
karate and and and now he kicks ass with
a sword
rich I'm a piece of toast with a knife
this is the thing that is happening I
have a knife but I can't necessarily use
it there we go
this sounds like a movie that I want to
see it's great I want it I want to do it
on best of the worst not because I not
because it's bad movie or just because I
want I want people to see blind fury
sure this sounds absolutely justifiable
let's do it
toast oh I see there's all sorts of dirt
on the ground oh my god this is great
right left alright so this makes you use
your brain in weird ways I feel weird
feel weird about this game about this
game of toast or bread so what are those
what are they what are the other button
is doing out you can things up put those
buttons apparently you can pick things
up okay apparently in this game of
breading
you can pick things up I guess I don't
understand when I'm spoke or how I move
the things that I move you know
it's all unknown to me it's all yeah oh
my god this counter is filthy really
good if you can if you can like the
first episodes all right of daredevil if
you can get and in you can the fur I
mean the first episodes good it's not
like the first episode doesn't blow you
away but this second episode is just
phenomenal the second episode ends with
possibly one of the best televised fight
scenes I think I've ever seen it's so
great I believe I saw one screenshot of
the final version of the costume and I
like the makeshift one better oh oh dude
a black sweatshirt just got a thing over
his eyes oh that was great
and I was like I've only made it three
episodes in yeah and I love his
makeshift outfit I hope they don't he
doesn't have the fancy woman he does not
have the fancy one three episodes in
okay good good and I hope it stays that
way I don't want him to have a better
outfit I just I believe there's going to
be a better off oh sure I mean he's got
to get he's got to get in the red outfit
sooner or later I'm sure okay okay oh
there's oh there's a toaster that's not
Netflix right it is it's on that place
absolutely so they're all up down maybe
maybe I will watch it you fun you
absolutely should
you absolutely should watch it if you
have Netflix there's no excuse not to if
you have Netflix as far as I'm concerned
mhm
thirteen episodes I love the way they do
that like because I I just assume things
are gonna be bad until I hear otherwise
you know what I think that's a fair
assumption I think that is a
I think that is a fair or fair
assumption rich but daredevil it's the
it's the stuff dreams are made out of
it's basically just another thing to be
like Marvel Marvel Studios man now are
they on point now is that tie in with
the cinematic universe they're doing
like are they doing a DC which is just
fucking retarded no no way that that's
actually the oh oh I did it great that's
actually Oh go make us some what you
make a somewhat successful flash and
green arrow TV series and then you don't
connect them to the Cinematic Universe
you want to babe what about you fucking
idiots right no no in fact like one of
the big plot points is like the mobsters
are controlling the construction company
that's involved with the aftermath of
Avengers like involved in cleaning up
New York oh really
it all ties in it's super great
he hasn't known what they're doing since
1965 right they've been coasting ever
since then oh oh no oh no oh my toast
fell in the water
my toast film the water-rich and you
know what that does them expand a toast
that means you can't be toast that means
I can't be told or my bread fell in the
water
yeah yeah so losing your bread gets what
you automatically lose don't happen it's
teaching moment it's a it's a teachable
moment absolutely oh oh oh no
Oh oh no this is gonna be a lost run
right here I'm already on the floor
oh so this is by the way this is also
the greatest game of the floor is lava
ever because if like any time you touch
the floor at all it's just it just says
it's done it says it's done with you
okay I do have a skateboard now though
fuck you Ridge DC made the watchman
yeah because when I said you know that
what I said about DC having done nothing
since 1967 obviously I was I was meeting
that literally absolutely yeah no wiggle
room for exceptions yes the watchman
comic is DC yeah okay you didn't know
that I didn't care that's good kind of I
by the way I never would have believed
they would have made something so good
because I but but but everything we say
though it take take it absolutely and
literally take it absolutely at 100
percent face value mmm-hmm yes I mean
you kind of have to rate if you think
about it I mean we don't we don't say
things because they're a little bit
funny we don't exaggerate no no we mean
100 percent every word we say it's true
also don't look up what hyperbole is
it's gonna mess with your brain don't do
it I'm on a skateboard right now and in
like I want to say like if I can what I
have no idea I said Chad you keep asking
about Jurassic world and and community
season 6 I don't give a fuck about
either of those things so you can stop
asking that question I don't get that I
as I don't give a fuck that's my
thoughts I got I had no I'm fresh out of
Fox I got I got no folks together kind
of love it rich kind of love it I've
heard who was it like Joss Whedon
recently like was really upset about the
new Jurassic world
trailer and spoke out about it on
Twitter so I think that's what they were
asking for I haven't seen it because I
also don't
fuck about Jurassic world yeah it's not
gonna be good that's my that's my vote
right now is it's not gonna be good well
the last two movies were bad why why
would this be any different I think I
just need to give up my Jurassic world
hype is like like negative five I know
this is tough to watch does Jack know
Daredevils motivation he only has two
episodes left to go I do by the way I
completely understand Daredevils
motivation they explained it perfectly
in both the first and second episode the
handle his backstory very well I know
exactly why he is fighting crime oh my
god oh my god stop flopping the bread
stop flopping bread so there you go dig
dig all right I gotta go back to I gotta
go back to uh to start over again
this game is shockingly tough for
something that's supposed to be like a
super fun time I don't know that it was
advertised this is super fun time it was
just advertised as a time maybe it's
just advertised as a time and I read
into that wrong yeah yes
you'll have a time some sort or you
won't I don't know I'm a piece of toast
bread damn it I'm done
we still I kinda hate this game but this
is what I'm playing and I mmm
just what it is it is what it is it's a
piece of bread alright alright I am a
piece of bread I am a piece of bread be
the bread the bread I am the bread on to
the chair Oh
skill level ok ok come on what what is
the objective of this game is to
somebody is asking to get to the toaster
to become toast you want to become toast
yes the objective is to come become
toast and so in every level you need to
stay away from dirt and because if you
get too dirty no one eat you I hope
there's a level in the bathroom oh my
god why would you ever have bread in the
bathroom it's on this level I need to
stay off the floor because there's
because because somebody somebody just
committed suicide in the bathroom so
there's a toaster in the tub I pass to
the corpse you you that's like the last
level you can't you can't touch the
corpse at all yeah and you get dirty
very quickly if you touch a bathroom
floor so first of all that's hilarious
Oh
my biggest problem is I don't understand
how my bread moves yeah that's that's
the question you want to ask that's
fantasy no no no obviously not not like
that like literally like I don't
understand what button I'm pressing to
make it move Wow
obviously rich obviously it's moving
through magic I I don't understand which
direction I know my god and the camp oh
my god and the camera is so um so I
don't understand which direction I need
to move the control stick in order to
like move my bread it seems like very
random no no there we go okay I'm back
on it I'm back on it I'm back in it I'm
doing it alright alright this is balls
all right I did it
I'm on the counter oh the last time I
climbed up on the fridge that seemed to
work
last time I climbed up on the fridge
oh my god okay so what else has been
going on they announced some wicked new
some wicked new Adobe stuff at the NAB
the National Association of Broadcasters
showcase yep including something that is
going to be quite helpful to us yeah
which is a a new tool for Premiere Pro
is a warp edit which if you have a
locked-down shot of say like a person in
an interview situation a lot like how we
shoot prereqs right oh and you have an
edit in between them you know usually
what you would do is you would cut to a
different angle or cut to some b-roll to
take care of your edit so you don't have
a jump cut right what this does is does
facial tracking and warps the two shots
together to make it look like one
seamless a shot okay which which will
come in handy quite a bit oh my god I'm
toast
get off the fucking ground
I kind of hate this game and in true
jack fashion I have no backup plan but
that's okay we keep falling on the floor
jack why do you keep falling on the
floor because this game is tough and I
don't understand why my how my bread is
moving fuck why how is my bread moving
as somebody who hasn't played this game
I can tell you it's very easy yes what
do you mean
oh are you being funny yeah stop being
so funny rich it's my job I have to well
you're toast
you're not toast I'm not toast that's
the problem rich is I'm not toast what
is that oh I think it's giving me a
special thing because I've been doing so
poorly let's find out does it give you a
dunce cap fear bread hmm does it give
you a dunce cap for your bread yeah I
think it gave me a grip booster Oh Oh
gave me like unlimited grip because I've
been doing so oh fuck I'm gonna fall off
the table Wow stupid bread I ate you
it's bread I hate this bread I hate this
bread rich and I love bread in general
you shouldn't we should win this game
100% you think yeah okay well this is
tonight thank people I'm I'm I'm gonna
start with one level if I can win one
level I think I'll be happy fuck like
the advanced levels you have to butter
yourself - oh my god wouldn't that be
hilarious
get on the fucking skateboard you dumb
fucking bread oh my god I hate you you
know like at least in a in Octodad it
felt a little goofier oh my god am I am
you know your edibility is 100% to its
infinity isn't it oh my god it it thinks
so little of me yeah yeah I'll find
fucking I'm using it just walk over
there and the toaster good so you got
all you got to do you've walked right
across the floor I'm doing that cuz I
don't or I'm not great great great I
hate you bread no go the other way bread
no go the other by fucking hate you I
fucking hate you bread this is the worst
just go exploring no fucking right I
don't care about exploring you know what
I'm gonna I'm gonna go out and go ahead
and say this I don't care about
exploring a kitchen maybe you get like
find a mouse great I don't think that
would help me in this particular
situation I think that would hurt me
obviously I'm immune to all things hurry
come on you fuckin bread
fucking hell bread okay you're not
immune to a mouse eating you maybe I
don't know
maybe a murder I'm not I don't know I
don't know what's going on I'm breading
I'm bread rich Jackie's browse how's the
blood borne now review coming one oh man
did I make some really fantastic
progress today yeah we you know let
it'll be done I think it'll be done
tomorrow I don't know when it'll go up
but I think it'll be done tomorrow yeah
and I think I think it's good obviously
I'm a little biased but once again I'm
erring on the side of because we're not
the first review out the gate mm-hmm now
you really well there's just no way we
could be I know well here's here's what
I'm thinking do we need we do more like
retrospective type stuff I mean classic
games I mean we can well I'm just you
know I mean for reasons be good for one
you know we have other jobs you have
other jobs you had other things you've
you know make a living
and and we don't get advanced copies of
anything and see I I think it's okay
here's why what we're doing getting it
what we're doing and how I'm trying to
structure them nope is more so a
oh good I am jealous great I'm trying to
structure them in more of a way where we
are having a conversation and we're
inviting people to join us in our
conversation you know and hopefully we
can shed some insight I have been you
know like the way especially the way I'm
editing this one it's a lot of you know
we got into some of the artsy fartsy of
blood-borne which I really enjoyed so if
we got advance copies of things then
it'd be one thing but I mean like LeBron
came out a month ago
that's if in a month well this is March
21st
I have no concept well we're closing
we're closing in on a month right yeah
another time it's actually up it'll be
like three and a half weeks or something
ridiculous I can't touch the carpet
can't touch the carpet in the bread game
but I can get on a couch in that time
come on your bread shit
shit I'm touching the carpet shit
everything about this game is terrible
I'm just gonna fail until until it gives
me the superpower again again you know
like I'm not sure it's super matters
because we're we're just engaging in the
conversation you know yeah and actually
we can bring it up bring up enough good
points to make that conversation worth
it hopefully yes yeah there's some
things that we need to work on just to
make it smoother editing wise yeah but
uh specifically we bring up a lot of
other games as examples and in general
we need to I think we need to lay off of
that yeah yeah footage of that well not
only getting footage of that but then we
kind of get wrapped up in the metaphor
of the other games you know and so our
entire thought is then centered around
this other game so I can't snip out a
little bit of that without the entire
thought you know whereas a cat just
stated like the thing we liked about the
game you know like in its own terms
I I liked comparisons Jack oh I'm not
saying I'm not saying you can't compare
compare but we need to be better at like
wording our argument so that you can
make the comparison but then like end it
at the comparison and you know also tie
it into just general stuff in case I
need to use just a bit of it that's
that's actually a big thing I ran into
during the blood-borne thing is you you
were making some comparisons to ninja
gaiden yeah and some of them oh crap oh
crap oh crap oh crap
some of them were really like on point
and spoke well and some of them just
didn't didn't end up working well or you
talked about it better in another
segment right yeah but then I couldn't
divorce a part of your ninja gaiden sock
from from all the rest of it okay okay
and so then like so then basically I
just couldn
use any of it you know because you know
like or because you would say stuff like
another thing like it does like Ninja
Gaiden is blah blah blah blah right so
then you can't say that without having
the first part of that yeah yeah so we
just need to get better at like
compartmentalizing our thoughts in
general and I did I did the exact said
the exact same thing so it's something
that we both in general need to work oh
oh did I do it
oh my god I'm a super bread bastard snap
ah crap my super bread master status is
leaving Rach how the fuck I'm sorry
fuck this camera fuck this camera so
sorry Brit fuck this camera Oh God
okay haha everything's terrible rich I'm
stuck
oh wait that's my work we might be able
to work with this okay I did it I did it
I did it I got out of my bready
predicament and I think oh crap crap
crap crap and I think I might be
understanding how the stupid controls
work I officially hate the controls okay
but I think I think get there it's
stupid bread I hate you
I don't know so as far as like I mean we
should do more older games just because
they're fun to do you know but and and
like you said like in general that's
something we can film any time yeah and
just have ready to go because it's a
retrospective so I I I think you're
correct that we should do that but I
also like doing the newer games mostly
I'm not saying never right fuck am I
going
I don't know the fuck you're going I'm
affectionate I know
maybe you got a drag that frying pan
into a fireplace there a fireplace
I think I need to open the door I think
as a piece of bread I need to open the
door that sounds insane and I just don't
think that's gonna happen
with my limited brand ability what is
what is in this room
that that would create Heat
can you can you like climb onto the lamp
I'm gonna try to open the door and you
probably have to climb into a level just
like this you're not opening that door
person is probably not opening that door
I mean that's probably true if your
bread your quickest robbed toast is lamp
you think if I got on top of the lamp I
think if you got on top of the lamp you
will be toast
mmm ooh
fools Verne says new and old games that
are interrelated somehow I like that
idea a classic in a remake a game that
is kind of vaping off of a don't know oh
there it is that's what I need to get to
there is a heater there is a heater over
there that's what I need to get to okay
oh good and it gave me the hay gave me
the special thing that means that I
don't need to worry about anything
yep I'm going to easy mode you know why
I don't care that's why because I just
don't care about this game that's my
official review of I am bread I just
don't care about this game you could
always turn something else on I could
you know what I really could and I might
not right now but I might I will give
this a few more somebody's bringing up
the original thief in the new thief oh
god I don't know if I want to play the
new one
right no other way you dingus this is
like this is basically this game is
Octodad without all of the fun really
yeah could you just be bad at the game I
mean that's a big possibility we should
never discount that I'm just bad at the
game do I need to turn this on but like
everything you know like Octodad
obviously the controls were all jank
right but it was it was that every time
like you would warble around it was fun
you know like your arm you would knock
over stuff it would kind of like enhance
the joke of the world there's no you
know like here when you are roll around
is just frustrating or I'm bad at the
game
oh nice oh nice
get my toast on getting it on rich you
do that you do that finger you're doing
you you you could work what good work
doing that thing
good work doing that toast oh I'm doing
this all over the place
toasting it up
I am toast we burn I'm sure you can burn
what fill you if you burnt
hmm that's a good question that is a
good question
oh yes I saw that on the reddit there is
someone on the red letter media
subreddit who is obsessed with that
piano music that might uses in the mr.
blinker reviews okay and I have asked
Mike about it as I've stated in the
reddit and Mike didn't feel like sharing
and so the person asked me if I could
ask Mike again and I did ask my again
and I think Mike has now turned it into
a game where it's just for the end of
time he will not oh yeah yeah it might
does that because Mike does that kind of
stuff absolutely
you tell Mike no that's the surest way
to get him to ignore you right
but someone who is so determined to to
find the music that what they've done is
they've spliced together the little bits
during all of the plinky reviews to try
to make a complete song in hopes of
better finding it and so it's like these
weird cuts with like bits of planket
noise and bits of like um
Jar Jar Binks in it it's horrifying and
wonderful it's actually like really
disturbing this bit of music that this
fan has spliced together and and I just
and I've told him over and over again
where it's just like you're not finding
out
now you know now it's a thing where
you're not and I'm sorry I don't know
what it is and so you're just not gonna
find out like like Mike does a spot-on
Kermit the Frog impression Oh does he
yeah and we're we're we're we three
people who I mean my cat somebody else
well the other person was mm-hmm but I
was explaining to them how great
Mike's Kermit was and yeah that's Mike
just because because I asked him to do
it could deliberately did it like poorly
that's so like you did the worst Kermit
he could have done just do things like
that yes yes you will yeah you can do
this you are bred you are bred you can
do this I believe in you you are bred
you're the prettiest bred that I've ever
had
I'm proud to call you bred I'm gonna die
come on bread come on Freddie you have
told that story already rich well I I
only have so many stories that's why
it's important to keep up on modern
events lend Oh 75 and my egg one thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
11 months in a row well it's true we do
appreciate it thank you guys like for
example speaking of being up on current
events and naughty and by the way this
isn't even current I was at the library
the other day which mostly because I'm
super cool
and don't lie to me
and sitting on the shelves there was the
a copy of the first trade of the new
Miss Marvel huh which you know made
headlines because it was a Muslim
American teenage girl oh and now that
Miss Marvel is part as part of the New
Avengers so it's kind of a big deal and
it's like oh you know I wanted to get
around to reading that and in general I
have been reading more comics because I
used to enjoy comics and and I've
enjoyed reading more comics and I read
the first couple of trades of Miss
Marvel this is her archenemy her husband
oh it's true she's a teenage girl you
know it's so is her archenemy her
husband okay okay Karen Karen is fond of
me miss Marvel it's you know what it's
it's all right my my biggest oh my my
biggest you know I've cut I have a
couple issues with it one the art is
fantastic that's not an issue with it I
said I'm sorry to lump that together
with my issues but the art is really
amazing the the artist the guy who draws
it it has this really fun like quasi
cartoony quasi realistic style it's
really great and that's part you know
that's half of why you read comics
obviously he's for the art but the the
story is very strange and she's not a
mutant - she's an inhuman and do you
know much about the Inhumans you know
you know why she's not an evil why
because Fox well that would have the
movie rights if you were immune
yeah that's true that's true they like
I've heard that Marvel has a mandate now
no more no vegan characters sure sure I
would I would by the way 100% absolutely
believe that they have recently
cancelled Deadpool because he's a mutant
and why why should they shell because
their business their business is now the
movies yeah oh yeah and white why should
they shill for Fox
oh sure they're like they're comic books
are now basically pilot season for their
movies yes the only like I have an issue
with the Inhumans just because like
they're aliens and it's like I don't
quite get there
Methos you know mutants which means you
could do an origin really easily because
you can't do mutants any resemblance
that was originally the lazy way out of
having an origin story yeah yeah they
can't do that missed yeah Terrigen mist
and your great-great-grandfather wasn't
in human you know yeah yeah but like
that's that's equally as lazy but Italy
like at least mutant had that great like
next evolution sub story you know like I
really dug that part of the mutant thing
you know like comparing it you know like
making it puberty base making it you
know about like you know growing up and
these things happen when you're under
great stress as a teenager reading
comics that always struck a note with me
right
and so like be oh oh you fucking bread
this is Miss Marvel the only superhero
who can hide their identity by not
wearing a mask first of all nice one
rich it's just too easy huh it's just
too easy it's I mean right
the other issue I have with it is they
gave her a giant dog who is she I don't
know I can see her face no I like so
they gave her a giant dog the leader of
the in the leader of the Inhumans gives
her this giant dog to help protect her
and teach her how to be a hero right but
she wears just a mask that covers her
eye like she doesn't wear a full-face
mask it just covers her eye and she was
the dope the robit
she has the Robin mask yeah but she
keeps the dog in her civilian life and
the dog helps her fight crime in her
neighborhood uh-huh and so it's just
like your neighborhood has not figured
out that the Muslim girl with the giant
dog like my check nobody knows who Clark
Kent is you do you accept this thing I
don't accept that that's old school by
the way that I don't accept those things
anymore we should not accept those
things anymore is it does she have watch
oh yeah she has locked oh wow
Rock Jo is distinctive because he's got
that tuning fork on it exactly so so the
the Muslim girl with the giant dog with
a tuning fork on his head is just
walking around the street and then they
see her with a mask on fighting crime
later and they don't think anything of
it and you know what that's that's where
that's world breaking to me that is
problematic to me Jack look it's not
being written for you know the book is
not being written for me the art is so
great though also I just wish they would
take their I wish they would take more
time with it like she decided to become
a hero really quickly you know and like
they gave her a decent enough backstory
she's struggling with she's struggling
with her restrictive religion and her
restrictive parents which makes it extra
fun that she's you know going out and
fighting crime right
and she loves superheroes like that's
her thing is she is just she's a she's a
of superheroes and like they've they had
this like throwaway line and one of the
first issues about like something from
the Quran about like helping someone the
man who chooses to to ignore someone in
need ignores all of mankind the man who
chooses to help someone who need help
solve mankind but like it was just one
little line and she's struggling with
her religion so it's like I shouldn't
really mean anything right yeah
and so but like so her this is gonna I
know the chat is gonna love this her
motivation is very weak to me oh no I'm
very sorry but it's true
for anyone who enjoys miss Marvel I
enjoyed a lot of the art and I felt like
overall it was a decent stories it's
very Spider Man you know who is who is
the book meant to appeal to are they are
they actually trying to get a female
Muslim audience I would I would try
trying to get to find that niche or just
some kind of weird politically correct
thing where they're trying to fill some
kind of quota
how does this break blog Marvel doesn't
care about quotas they're making too
much money to care about quotas I think
in general they are trying to get the
the female audience listen you know and
there they made a come on you bread get
there they made a book to get female
audiences and the Muslim thing is just
so ripe for for stress you know dealing
with restrictive parents right that's a
universal yeah it's just like every
teenage girl I'm sure feels like their
parents are after them but if you may if
you make it make them even more
overbearing it's just easy I think it's
just a way to amplify universal themes
right through religion come here light
you're gonna turn me into toast I hope
you're gonna turn me into toast
I don't think this light is gonna turn
me into toast oh there it is there it is
it's a crimper
it's a crimper rich I figured it out I
guess I guess Karen is interested in
comics now so I can't argue that they're
not going to find a new audience
was she not before was she not before
not until no no oh my god she she had
that for many many years yes I won the
comics like last year or so sure after
after I had kind of abandoned them we
kind of switched places it used to be
you know we'd we'd we'd go to the local
comic book store and she'd wait at home
and it was like III we had just like a
funny moment the other month where we
stopped at a comic book store and she
went in that's hilarious complete flip
flop so by the way so it 100% worked
yeah yeah they are reaching a new strong
market who is new is not burnt out on
comic book universe is like we are
that's by the ho that's so great rich I
think that's hilarious
hmm I think I've burnt out on like
superheroes you know yeah maybe I could
I could I could fall into something like
preacher or Y the last man probably I've
heard good things about Y the last man I
think from you right Y great premise
starts off very good I think it Peters
out no yeah yeah I don't think I'm
supposed to go to the light I think I
made a mistake
you never really figure out why all the
men died they they had one kind of just
bullshit explanation that made me want
to throw up near the end of the book and
it wasn't it wasn't deemed as an
official what happened either sewing god
oh so the whole series is over now Oh
bro what for many years now yeah oh okay
it's 60 or 70 odd issues okay I found an
iron
and I saw someone in the chat asking if
I was having any fun at all
I'm having fun talking to my good friend
rich Evans that's about all the fun I'm
having right now
I think I think this game I've heard him
say carrot is a huge fan of saga saga
parent like saga I know she likes the
the Miss Marple I I know she likes
Batman 66 67 or which every year is mmm
the comic book based on the TV show they
did that they they're doing that yeah oh
that is so funny
she loves that that's really funny
no I'm like I don't I don't mean to harp
on Miss Marvel it seems a little light
not not like content-wise you know
obviously like comic books are meant for
a younger audience right and so I'm not
saying like I want blood and gore it
seems light on the character and I guess
I've come to expect a little bit more so
I don't mean to harp and really i
recommend i definitely recommend just
reading the first trade just for the art
it's such a cool style this guy manages
to like blend this surreal style with
reality also her powers i don't
understand i don't understand why she's
called miss marvel okay so she got hit
with the Terrigen mist right and because
her great-great grandfather was an alien
she got powers because of it so she's
she's an inhuman right yeah and when she
got hit with the mist she had a vision
of Captain Marvel who is a current
character who's still alive Raven Denver
Carroll Dan no no Carol Danvers is Miss
marbles well she used to be now she's
Captain Marvel now right did they change
her name with with the new Miss Marvel
I don't by the way this is how I believe
that's what they did I believe that's
what they did know the formulas Marvel
is not just going by captain Mart okay
okay you know what I'll believe nobly
yeah and so yeah she had a vision of
Captain Marvel right and she has the
power new Miss Marvel Muslim Miss Marvel
has the power to like stretch and shrink
like mr. fantastic yeah and the firt and
she has the power to change her
appearance and the first person who
appearance she changed into was the old
Miss Marvel like you know classic
expanding swimsuit Miss marvel but
that's literally the only relation to
Miss marvel that we have like that it's
never been given an explanation as to
why she is Miss Marvel know whatever
like wow I don't get it you know but
nobody cared about this Marvel before I
mean oh sure oh by the way I don't care
about Miss Marvel still I just don't
understand why this person is calling
themselves Miss Marvel if they don't
have anything to do with this Marvel you
know you know what what what did what
did Barry Allen have to do with the
flesh I mean what the Barry M play see
on her was he really fast because he
wasn't the original flash yeah but was
he really did he have flash powers okay
okay
boom sorry I did it the end see that's
the usual thing like like with with like
any of the Superman clones or Superboy
or whatever or like if you're if you're
taking up a mantle usually you have
similar powers right that is comic book
status quo but she has stretchy powers
all right all right I mean her name is
captain super-strong and they're giving
her stretching powers I mean that's
really generic hey you know what
Touche it's not like you're having
somebody called the flash and their
power is to see the future I flash and I
see the future what it makes perfect
sense why do you call yourself the flash
because you're fast and that doesn't
make any sense call yourself mr. quicken
guy somebody somebody in the chat is
asking me if I'm passionate about
anything I pick and choose my battles oh
no no and I don't mean to sound
passionate about like I'm not defending
former US Marvel I think I've said like
at it I don't care about Miss Marvel the
only thing I know about Miss Marvel is
that's where Rowe got her powers right
yeah yeah that's that's all I know
because I was an x-men guy come on yo
you bow rope doesn't have those powers
anymore does she oh god who knows no I
mean not in not a new continuity well I
guess I guess you're not gonna see road
much in the Marvel Universe until oh
yeah unless Marvel should happen to get
the movie rights back the otherwise you
can just forget about it the only person
who cares about rogue is Bryan Singer he
probably cares about like Cyclops or hey
Colossus
I like that James Marsden is that his
name I wrote more his jam you know it's
because he's a homosexual I get it I get
it rich I like the guy I like the actor
who plays Cyclops
I think he's a good actor that's all I
have to add to the conversation
you know you know what I'm passionate
about Jack what are you passionate about
Rachel I keep that the heat death of the
pitch you shouldn't be that will
literally affect and no one you know
but someday Jack it will affect everyone
no but not everyone that will help we're
old that will have absolutely nothing to
do with you you should not care about
the heat death of the universe there's
nothing you can do about it and it won't
affect you in the slightest when the
universe is suffering he death you know
you know what they're not going to care
about what miss Marvel or what if we
have superpowers by then and just Marvel
it can help us with her stretchy
shrinking powers or is it super speed in
flight you know I think I think she's a
fictional character and that won't
happen but the heat then the universe
you're going on a marriage as our best
dream ever of course I'm going there as
it was for me I love that stream you
like this super depressing stream no
that's fine that was fun you can bring
us all down to you yeah I had to deliver
the heart harsh truth of reality to many
people yeah yeah yeah yeah no the stars
don't go on forever eventually they all
die okay Jack come on change the game I
know oh we've been we've been streaming
for an hour I've just been I've been
kind of waiting for that hour mark rich
couldn't couldn't we all go to a
parallel universe well you tell me how
we're gonna do that it might not be a
possibility yeah we don't know about
that's kind of stuff yet
these are things that are highly
theoretical
I'm toasting myself I'm doing it we're
gonna beat this level and then and then
we're gonna change games because this
game is balls that what are you
switching to I have no idea
you switched a blood-borne I'm just
gonna be angry but born on myself and
played blood-borne I won't I know I know
I shouldn't I know I shouldn't we've
done a lot of blood-borne it's it's good
that we vary up the games which is why I
was like I'll try the toast game you
know you look on the steam on the steam
review stuff and they're out like oh my
god I can't believe it this isn't your
average you know wacky physics simulator
gaming and it's just like shut up yes it
is you dick I guess no you know what I
guess is not your wacky physics
simulator game because it sucks because
it's not wacky because it's not wacky
and it's terrible there we go
I am toast I did it I did it
fuck this game back to menu back to menu
I am loading no you are not loading I'm
all tabbing out of you that's what I'm
doing
well awesome Technic dromeda galaxy is
gonna crash in the Milky Way galaxy in a
few billion years are you as excited as
I am yeah that's that's one you really
don't have to worry about technically
yeah they're gonna crash together but
presuming presuming Humanity is still
around we're barely gonna notice it's
gonna happen slowly and it's not like
it's not like all of the stars are going
to collide with each other the galaxies
they're just they're just gonna merge
it's gonna be one big galaxy there's not
gonna be mass destruction right yeah
it's they're not going to impact with
each other they're just going to collide
assuming assuming Humanity is around at
that point it's there's gonna be a lot
more stars to explore yeah like you
might have to fight with that what up
with whatever species are already there
that could be a problem that's
you know what that is that's the real
problem yeah that's the real problem
um I know what I'm gonna play I know
what I'm gonna play

[Part II]
hold on we gotta do a sound check first
we got a do a sound check
I should also update the stream these
are my songs du-de du-de art crime
$29.99 thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated it's true we do three
months in a row you know what I love I
love that just for that just for you
doing that I love that well that whole
month thing jacked I just completely
throw off my rhythm absolutely you know
what
absolutely alright great doing that nice
let me get to some options turn down the
volume which I'm sure will have to do
built Villa hecka wants to rich how do
you hope we all die
big big rip might be fun the big rip
there's absolutely no evidence for it
but theoretically you know space keeps
expanding faster and faster mm-hmm I
suppose it could reach some kind of
breaking point and then basically just
the whole space itself just you know
tears apart oh okay yeah sure
you know what why not I could be
understanding that wrong though I know
it's something something I've heard
about though the smart the smart money
is on he death he to death yes that is
the smart money apparently
I am going to play the next levels this
is actually I want to say this might
have been our very first hack and a half
tiny barbarian okay
and I only played like the first stage
of it and so I'm gonna play some tiny
barbarian have they released more
chapters I think so I hope so you know
what and if not I'll play something else
all right I want to say they have
you have to die first hope that's very
loud rich if I mention how much I'm in
for star citizen I even haven't paid
money for that at all wait I wait to the
games done it's not like they're barely
gonna make their Kickstarter I got
millions more than they asked for hope
may as well hold on to my money until
they're done with the game absolutely
all right I think I only did the first
one the serpent Lord now it's time for
ruins of Xanadu rich we got to get you
this some I have to download this chatty
thing for you yeah it's super great is
that the thing that saves up the these
subscribers that's the thing that saves
up the subscribers but also like the
chat window that it gives you the little
like notifications that it gives you
every everything it does is fantastic
okay and I'm really I'm really liking it
I was talking a bit with I I tweeted
chat ease Twitter I tweeted Jetty's
Twitter which is a real thing that I
said I noticed them about like mapping
up or getting more info on subscribers
why and they said they don't think they
would have anything that would work okay
but our good friend I'm gonna call him
my good friend twitchplayspokemon yeah
totally my good friend now
twitchplayspokemon has has volunteered
some of his time to to help not in time
soon he's gay he's got some projects
right now but he said he might be able
to help us out in in figuring out some
sort of some sort of way to collect all
of the subscribers nice nice really
appreciate that obviously
no rush but he has a successful twitch
channel you have exactly my favorite
part about that is like I understand
like you know you're not you're never
quite sure like who knows who you are
but like when he messaged oh crap my dad
when he messaged me he was like I I run
my own successful twitch channel and I
was like dude I fucking know who you are
I enjoy you I am a big fan of yours
you twitchplayspokemon has
single-handedly proven the innate
goodness of humanity rich because you
know why because they won they beat the
pokemons
they beat the Pokemon several times over
really yes have they played any of the
other pokemons just like it's just one
pokemons like you play no no they they
played him out of zero so you know
they've played a bunch of the classics
including like some weird mods and stuff
and they keep winning which means that
the majority of people want to win and
that gives me hope for Humanity it was
probably you know off-hours when you
have a smaller number of people who are
better able to coordinate yeah but no
matter what they're they're gonna be
haters rich no matter what they're gonna
be haters and it doesn't matter because
the haters don't win haters gonna get
bored sooner or later exactly they're
gonna find something else - exactly
right don't you understand that's what's
so exciting about this unless it's the
Star Wars prequel one you can just
fucking hate those forever that's a hate
that never dies first of all nice I'm
bored today I think I'm gonna go hate on
the Phantom Menace mmm that always
cheers me up hmm some healthy Phantom
Menace hate perfectly normal and
acceptable
so you get shrunken down at the
beginning of this day or are you just
always were you always a tiny barbarian
you were always a tiny barbarian the
wizard shouldn't shrunken you down that
would have been fun um I agree that
would have been more fun
I don't I do a great boss fight at the
end of a giant wizard yeah
maybe they'll maybe they'll get more
into the story in the next chapters
maybe okay the story of tiny barbarian
I don't think anyone has ever asked for
more story in tiny barbarian I'm gonna
I'm gonna be honest with you certainly
me you you you hate all story inherently
i do not hate all story
inherently you have it wrong I hate
cutscenes inherently okay story I enjoy
but I want it I want to doled out in a
manner appropriate to the medium
cutscenes are perfectly appropriate know
it or not yeah they're it's it's like
having a book break in the middle of
your movie that's that is what is it is
a king to its no more heroes since
otherwise I disagree you can disagree
but don't speak for everybody what do
you say this this should never happen if
they should never do it and never never
never do I have to everything I say
needs to start with in my opinion are
you going to under some things your
stance is that no games ever should have
cut suits right yeah except for maybe an
establishing shot you know you can have
an establishing shot okay maybe if
you're good if you're good you can have
a step
come on stupid barbarian oh yes it is it
is my opinion that no game should have
cutscenes everything story-wise should
be dulled out while the player is
playing with a game a lot of cutscenes
I've enjoyed my time I'm sad I'm fine
that'd be sad that never have them yeah
you know I'm sure they were sad when
when the movies got sound because they
really enjoyed reading in between people
talking but that's that's the price of
progress right don't sigh because you
know I'm right where would the Metal
Gear games be you know they're not for
me but with the Metal Gear games be
without cutscenes in a better place
people love those games though Jack I
have their fans yes yeah they have a lot
of families are you telling all of these
fans of the Metal Gear games to fuck off
I'm I'm I'm saying right now we are in a
transitional phase with games and I'm
taking a hard-line approach to get us to
the to get us to the Golden Age I hope
you're wrong to get us to the next
Golden Age and you get a your your your
dictatorship your fascist dictators you
know things have to be done in the way
that was the only way they can be done
well I remember in my day when Jax Jax
gaming dictatorship was that what we're
working towards here that's exactly what
I'm working towards here I'm trying to
move the medium forward rich trying to
move it forward you're trying to move it
in a jack centric direction yes yes well
of course I am like you're the enemy of
freedom of expression okay you know what
I guess that's fair that's fair
this is not the correct way to go this
way yeah you know you are also by the
way free to hate me and is okay that is
your choice some of my favorite times in
gaming have been the No More Heroes
cutscenes yeah yes and you what you want
that not to ever happen because you
don't like it
yeah you pretty much that's terrible
that's not terrible that's terrible I
think this is I think you can't hold on
I think you can't become your own thing
unless you throw off the shackles what
about the cutscenes in Super Meat Boy
it's gonna meet boy oh yeah you know
I'll get rid of those two huh okay and
that would be a shame because they're
they're fun they're fun and cute oh that
would be a shame did you say it'd be a
shame yeah but the testing yeah you know
what they're what you want to get rid of
all cutscenes that's cutscene yeah
here's make up your mind Jack rich make
up your mind Richard what do you want
what do you want
yep rich Evans yeah I can go back and
watch a silent movie
and enjoy it before the time capsule
that it is right uh-huh
just like I can I can look at a cutscene
and and and say oh you know how quaint
back in the day when games had cutscenes
before they were their own unique form
of entertainment
ah you know I can do the same there's a
pattern in not not everything needs to
be the ultimate immersive experience I
agree but you think that's the only way
it should be done yeah yeah I do okay
oh you can't they swipe up when you jump
I do which I do think that's the only
way it should be
fuck cuz that's why that's how I think
and you know like I will net like I
won't automatically discount a game that
has cutscenes that's not what I'm about
your way has led us to hit X to continue
game no the game is emulating a cutscene
no no nose he'd understand that solution
playing through the events that are
happening you may as well just have a
fucking guts ain't rich that's your way
that's your way creeping in that's them
trying to hide your way of cutscenes
that's them trying to hide what they
really are is cuts Easter game game
should not attempt to have any kind of
story at all absolutely not the game
should have story game should have deep
stories that you discover while playing
the game if only we could think of a
current example that we're both playing
right now that's a good job the way
they're doing and I don't give a shit
about the story at all the way they're
doing it yeah whatever
it fills as a story for me for you yes I
haven't hit much more story yes check to
speak for everybody like some people in
this channel you know I think there are
games that have done it correctly I've
talked about those games before things
like um things like half-life things
like Metroid Prime that have
incorporated story into gameplay
seamlessly ed Witten
I know I'm a dumbass but not about this
not about this this is how I feel I will
certainly not apologize for thinking the
way I think
and you know it is it is what it is no
more heroes my favorite games of all
time would not be the same without the
cutscenes and I'm not saying it
shouldn't be you're saying it should the
face I'm not saying it should no that's
all that's a blatant lie you're saying
though there's no games you do it that
way this game I like it doesn't that way
well they shouldn't do it that way is
what you're telling me because you say
no game should do cutscene I'm saying
never going forward yes I would like
that I would like if they did no story
ever you know I would I would like that
and I'm not going to apologize for that
cuz that's how I like to play games
and you will that's the only that
matters of course well for me yeah I
don't give a fuck how you want to play
games why wouldn't that be the only
thing that man okay I'm just just
confirming these things I know
no is it a shock to you that I want that
I want things the way I want them for me
I that you should want that to be the
first wait is for everybody that's
that's ya know that's in this borough
that's wrong there's things I don't but
I don't I don't fault other people for
liking things I don't like I never said
it faulted you it's not for me
that's usually what eyes like metal gear
they don't like did I say I faulted you
you're you're saying you will hope they
never do that again
I do hope they never do that again which
that rich but did I did I say I faulted
you okay
what you like things you like and I like
things you want obvious like here's the
thing rich you want there to be
cutscenes right that's that's how you
want it I don't I don't begrudge you for
that I'm just stating my opinion I don't
understand where your where your hatred
of my opinion comes from
iiiiii your heart I hate your hard line
that it's the only no game should ever
do that ever again should only be the
way that I preferred that that's the
part that kind of annoys me okay that's
just how I feel I mean I guess if you
can't take my opinion like maybe maybe
you're maybe you're the one who has the
problem rich if you can't handle it
someone who has a different opinion than
you my opinion is nobody should ever
make game said Jack would like ever
again and that's the way it should be
we've hit a b-level rich there are bees
terrifying bees are terrifying giant
bees are terrifying putting that out
there that giant bees are terrifying
that's just my opinion now I don't want
you to think that I'm disowning all bees
actually the one who said that you're a
few were a flower you wouldn't like the
sexy beasts are you the one who said
that I said I said if you or flower you
get to fuck all the bees oh my god rich
and I'm the one that said that would be
like poor horrible rich you can fly the
bees okay rich you can fly it on the
bees everything has changed everything
has changed you can find the bees how do
I fly in the bees I was flying on the
bees for a second
jump on the beat is Burnley how you
flying in please I'm assuming the jump
button made you jump off of the beat you
might just want to secure the beat or
let the P take you where you need to go
yeah it's it's I'm not sure what the B
mechanics are because I'm not actually
playing the game and I I - I'm just
figuring it out like what happens and
you just hit up can you just fly him by
holding up no I'm doesn't do anything
what you have to do is like like right
now I can't walk you can't walk left to
right on the beat okay and if you press
jump twice like you can only press jump
once and you can hold it down and he'll
float up okay okay
oh oh and if you hit a flower you get
knocked off oh I get it okay
I understand what's happening well you
sure if it's via not like some kind of
wasp it has a round but not a pointy
button so I think it's okay there honey
bee okay
like wasps usually have that kind of
like like extra almost seemingly extra
body part but I understand the wasp bees
of structural differences if the
cutscene conversation was a pre RepA
sewed anybody who watches the video will
hate jack indefinitely I mean that's
that's quite possibly true I I'm shocked
I'm shocked has to deal with every day
is people hating me I'm sorry I'm sorry
that I'm trying to to further the
artform that we all love so much you're
trying to flirt it in your box Oh Jack
Packard box of game not necessarily the
Jack Packard box I think that it needs
to be it needs to be in its own box and
we keep putting it in the movie box when
it's different
and specially I'm not saying every game
should be cut seemly I'm not saying that
maybe sometimes it works there's this
game and the Cylons think they're going
for the experience they wish to create
maybe it's not the same as the
experience the type of experience
somebody else wants to create sure sure
oh my god the bees are fighting what I
supposed to do they're teamriche maybe
maybe when you get you know to the end
of a strategy game it's it's nice to
have a little cutscene of your guys
storm in the the the enemy planet sure
oh sure no and by the way there are like
there are notable examples that break
even my rule you know review saying
there are no exceptions that's what
you're saying that's that's the only
part of what you're saying that kind of
bothers me ins
nothing should do that ever ever I think
I then I guess to clarify
I think that it should be mindful okay
this is my clarification on it
I feel like goddamn it
stupid flower I'm quite a suit of fifty
one's a game I want to see cutscenes
because I know some crazy amazing
cinematic things are going to happen and
I think that wouldn't have maybe the
same feeling if you were just playing
through the experience mm-hmm this P has
like a red but I want this B I feel like
a lot of game studios rely on cutscenes
where they're unnecessary okay is it
sure that it is hopefully my statement
that is not going to that's that's our
statement there we go
and so I I guess to to uh add a small
caveat to my - to restructure my
argument is if a game is to have a
cutscene I would like it to be mindful I
would like it to be purposeful I know
there's probably there's probably just
enough age difference between us you
probably didn't play the original ninja
gaiden games on the Ness
well I guess even those weren't the
original but oh sure I played those
weren't the cutscenes were elevated
those games into just a standard yet
difficult platformer and something a
little bit different
Oh something interesting oh I don't
remember them that bad well I play this
when I was a kid this is my favorite
fucking games and I like I needed to see
what happened next
like the Tori initiate no notoriously
fucking hard that game because I beat it
when I was seven
just because I wanted to see what
fucking happened and it was extremely
difficult but I did it just I really it
was like that reward you know that
little kiss cheese at the end of the
maze sure
and and I think cutscenes elevated that
experience it was just a stupid
platformer I nothing else I would have
given up on it sure I would have cared
enough to get to the onion you know and
like sure yeah but I mean of course now
you're talking you're now you're talking
classic game any any game
sure like and like I said my my caveat
is that I I feel like it's used too
often and I would like game developers
to be mindful of that what can be
oh it's annoying when they used to cut
scene to illustrate a point you already
know and can figure out I know sure sure
but that's not a story beat that's just
a I don't know what that is the door you
need to go through you know I you know
yeah I guess you don't need a cutscene
just to show you that but do something
fun and narrative of the cutscene that's
great hmm yeah and it's like I would
rather I would rather not leave my
character okay fucking fuck fuck
you know when can they not use cinematic
techniques techniques in a cutscene that
you couldn't use and just everything
happens to you directly to you what do
you mean just editing what not shot
composition just things to to give a
thing that happens emotional flavor
texture rather than you just walk into a
room and people start talking okay yeah
but see this is this is where this is
the problem with with your way of
thinking is is you think the only way to
tell a story is by people that you know
like I'm I'm not saying it's the only
way I'm saying it's a valid one yes
you're not saying the only way but but
this is where you're limiting game story
experiences
I'm not limiting it because I'm saying
if you want if you're you know in your
game if you want to do it another way
that's not that's why right all right
I'm saying one shouldn't be banned
forever because you don't like it and
and I'd never set to be banned forever
and something I dislike that's exactly
what you said you said no game ever will
be better off and no game ever ever got
seen you've said this this is why we're
arguing about it I think you're taking
it too harshly it's a conversation show
in time sure now you know like you're
taking it a little too harshly it's
something that I don't think should be
around a hundred percent okay but
obviously there are those who can handle
it how can be fuckin B's damn it this is
a tough level the be ridin level
fuck you bees you know what bees fuck
you oh I see in half-life Dark Souls and
blood-borne are exactly the kind of
games where I don't care much about the
story because they there are too few
cutscenes that elevate said story I
don't know like and and I am more I
don't care at all about the story in
blood-borne and all oh sure and to me I
care more about the story of blood-borne
then I care about anything else because
I'm so invested in the world god damn it
god damn it and because they do they
dole it out at your pace you know like
you're not you're not forced into any
story element every story element you
find which makes it more precious to me
you know yeah is everything so vague I
don't I don't give a shit
sure does this mean I don't know I don't
care I'm just gonna kill more things
what if that's the lesson rich if they
like use the cutscene and they establish
like a character I cared about and I
cared what happened to them then maybe
I'd care about law but everything's so
vague I don't give a shit this is what
makes us different gamers this is
exactly what makes us different gamers
what and I like that that's actually
that is a good thing as I worry we
agreed too much on record it's it's been
just happenstance somewhere that has
come to be sure no and I definitely have
kept a lot of our back-and-forth yeah
mostly about like the difficulty and
obtuseness of the game like I've kept a
lot of that just because it's our
arguing is is fun mostly you making fun
are you calling me a child yes you
called me a child
and it's rather funny I think it's good
when we can disagree I you know what I
think it's good too
it's more entertaining hopefully I'm
gonna die people just showing up Jack's
playing yes Jack is playing tiny
barbarian mostly because I am bread
socks I am I am I am considering and I
don't know how the chat feels about this
just just doing a No More Heroes no
death run on an off day not a normal
streaming day just cuz all this talk of
No More Heroes get to get warmed up to
play it over here Wow I ever had nowhere
here was on the brain actually since I
started playing killer is dead oh okay
which I played killers dead a little bit
before we start with the viewing
blood-borne so I've been wanting to
revisit No More Heroes
and you know you know no death front or
not I'm thinking about streaming votes
games every like Tuesday or Saturday
remember Tuesday when I'm done goofing
around the studio start streaming
Tuesday they do they do movie dicks in
the chat Oh
so be mindful
come here you stupid bee
obviously if you were streaming it's our
channel you can do whatever then I
wouldn't ask you to call inner a tech
giant something just me trying to play
the game and win I'm gonna do that no
missile stream absolutely yeah are you
trying to do anything funny game
streaming because why not
Ryan but you owe me I don't talk much
the only issue with that sure goodbye B
see this is why it's tiny barbarian by
the way you get to write a B yeah yeah
you don't talk much during your streams
and that's okay I think people know that
people notes and as long as you label it
correctly you know that's what I always
worry about like if I'm doing a Jack
solo stream or whatever it's just like
making sure people know it's just a hack
it's something bad it's just me okay
that's not how to do that you guys do
what you want we will do everyone we
have we have been doing what we want and
so far we're enjoying that just doing
our doing what we want stance well yeah
but I don't I know if I did it people
were complaining that I'm not talking
off you know fuck those people then
those people don't know what's up rich
if it's a rich solo stream you don't
talk much that's just how a rich solo
stream works what I know that so also
Wednesday I'm kind of thinking about
Dead Rising Dead Rising huh yeah okay I
don't care that's that's potentially a
funny Goulbourne it's just cuz that's a
fun game sure I'm down what how many
multiplayer is it
there is no multiplayer okay you know
what what do you what do you got mine
well you got mine
oh no I you know what you said it fun
group stream and so just in my in my
head that meant multiplayer be amazed at
the fun things you can do in the game
sure okay yeah I'm down which Evans eats
mustard says Dead Rising as fun as long
as you're not escorting survivors idiots
I kind of disagree i I am fan of the
Dead rising in the games mmm but I
prefer one even though two technically
is they improve some things technically
they there's like a weird weapon combo
system into you can make goofy weapons
but the survivor AI is like far more
competent in the second game and now
escorting survivors is no longer any
kind of challenge I think it's just kind
of ruined the point but the point place
you're escorting these scared people who
who stop and shit themselves and you
have to yeah you have to you have to
firm them but you're like a sheepherding
game in the second game you just find a
survivor and you run to the safehouse
and they follow you and there's no
problems at all is so challenging that
there's a fun that he had there
Dead Rising one is fun because you
weren't supposed to save everybody and
do everything in one run you could it's
extremely difficult but you're not
really supposed to and you kind of had
to pick and choose what you did and who
you saved and I like that second one's
just kind of like yeah you can do
everything
twenty times plenty of time there's no
time crunch between saving these people
and doing that story mission that's like
take your time
everything's easy oh my god this fucking
girl is gonna steal my girl
get out of here gorilla rich Evans eats
mustard says I see that but man that
shit was frustrating it was supposed to
be because you weren't supposed to save
everybody stakes that's that's what made
it interesting to me sure I'm with your
rich stakes you you you you were looking
at your timer and you know you had like
this little sliver of red gives me all
the timer starts with this long blue bar
and then goes down down turns yellow and
then near the end it turns red and yeah
the choose between escorting that group
survivors you've found the safe house or
going to the next story mission and
continue in stride to do both oh god was
it hard but you can try and do both
I'm concentrating a Michael 87 says the
pressure is the point yeah yeah that's
yeah the pressure is the point exactly
that's what that's what made Dead Rising
one great and what Dead Rising 2 is
lacking also the protagonist is a boring
piece of shit he's got a daughter and
she's he one-liners that are they're not
even fun cheesy one-liners and
generation 2 yeah they just make me
wanna throw a Walter I hate I hate Frank
green or not Frank Reid Chuck green
boring fuck his character is I've got a
daughter hey I want to see him die on
the Sigma oh I mean I want to see him I
want to see him watch his daughter get
eaten by zombies what
no no you crazy talk
I'm running away from a boulder it's
pretty awesome except Friday nope I need
to pay attention so this is all new
levels or is this stuff you've played
through before no this is only I mean
new to me okay I don't know how new this
is to like you know people who have
played this game before but no I haven't
played any of these levels in in-stream
and that's the only time I've ever
played
no chat I have not played Dead Rising 3
i I don't know that I'm excited to it
looks like a a more boring Dead Rising
game oh not paying fit not paying
attention
tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu digging on this music
though tiny barbarian music come on
get in there you dig Oh shadow saying
Dead Rising 2 had the best boss battles
I don't know about that that clown is
hard to top from dead rising 1 the
bosses in Dead Rising Jackman are all
just normal people who've gone insane
oh sure under under the strain of trying
to survive these on the apocalypse some
people have lost their mind as I would
imagine many people would
oh my god mr. shy smile says they said
when they made Dead Rising 3 they were
going for the call of duty audience oh
my god I can't think of a more opposite
game than the first couple of dead
risings
then call of duty I can't see how such a
horribly it will conceive marriage of
ideas would possibly work and first of
all like fucking yeah who isn't going
for the Call of Duty audience those
assholes will buy anything that was mean
that was really mean I'm sorry I
apologize to any Call of Duty fans but I
mean I also like Call of Duty makes a
billion dollars like saying I'm going
for the Call of Duty audience is like
saying I'm going for the audience that
spends money you know like that's the
audience everyone
snake
nope nope nope
dammit not fast enough I did bike on
duty you're right
I bought Call of Duty for research I
bought Call of Duty for science so mine
was different I still have it it's still
here
I should just I should return it I mean
never not like trading why why not huh
why not just cuz I haven't thought of it
it's just sitting
it's for its for no specific reason that
I haven't returned it is just I just
haven't had you know what I'm not real
unborn yeah you know what say it again
Richie oh don't know what I'm not
returning what as you shouldn't it was a
good game
I was really happy I'm I really enjoy
something about like steam that I really
enjoy is that it keeps track of like
hours played in games and you know it
doesn't do that like on your PlayStation
but it does do it in blood-borne on your
save file and so I was keep I was seeing
how many hours I've played blood-borne
the header huh how did you not die when
that boulder fell on you I had enough
health oh my god okay sorry so so ours
and blood-borne yeah I have a lot how
many I've about 50 hours pretty happy
with that I don't know if my
reformatting my PlayStation 4 would have
erased that information or if they save
that online somewhere I'm kind of
curious so many hours I've spent yeah
you know like I think that's fun
information that's information that I
usually enjoy seeing because that
usually helps answer the worth it
question for me hours in so about 50
into blood-borne and I and I'm still not
past that stupid spider got a boulder
rich oh my god this is a poison spitting
Boulder
the boulder has poison spitting flowers
on it
now imagine spending 50 hours in the
order this is uh Teddy KX I'd have to
play it ten times Oh God I've never been
more glad a game was short I was it you
didn't like the only like the only good
news to come out of its short length was
that literally we could film the
entirety of us playing yeah we're you
know like a lot of my editing of the
blood-borne episode has just been
gathering footage where it's like rich
and I'll talk about something that we
didn't get in our group playthrough of
it and so then it's just like I'll have
to recreate that you know yeah yeah and
yeah that takes time you know switching
operating systems booting up hard drives
and and one I'm booting up the game you
know if you need footage of something
from the game you can always ask me oh
that's true that's true I get you know
it's for me it's just like I am here I
can do it okay okay but you know what
you are right rich I do need to get
better at what do they call when you
give other people jobs delegating
delegating in general I need to get
better at delegating
I've also made it a just a joke for me
that I don't know if you know this about
blood-borne but you can play the game in
your underpants oh yeah I think yeah if
you unequip all of your outfit yeah you
do play the game in your underpants and
so for all the new footage I've been
gathering I've made sure to play it in
my underpants
that's so wacky no is that so wacky it's
literally just something to keep me
occupied you should have played it in
the doll dress I don't have a belt rez
yet you don't have the doll dress I
can't find the workshop you can get that
pretty early I can't find the there
there are a couple areas that I don't
have keys for and I don't understand how
I don't know where to get the keys it's
not a key the door just kind of opens
after you beat the blood starve beast
but it's the door that was formerly
locked
it's right near one of the lamps I don't
know if you want spoilers the the the
cathedral ward where you where all the
survivors go you go to that lamp but the
door immediately to your right yeah but
then the next door is locked no no no no
no instead of going up the tower ya go
down there's a spot you could fall off
the ledge I can't oh oh by the way I
spent literally 10 hours trying to find
the spot I can fall and I can't find the
spot I can fall it was the most
frustrating thing in the world it's
right down in there I don't know where I
can fall and it hurts my brain there's a
there's a big you go around go around
the tower it's in the back of the tower
yeah oh no no I know I know we're just
jump in the floor yep oh oh once you get
in there you can't find there's a way
down you just fall on top of there's
there's the ledge you got a fall on is
right by it's right at the bottom of
some ropes so you kind of have to walk a
little bit down the that little bridge
platform and then walk towards the ropes
you'll fall right on the right bridge I
and I've tried falling in so many
different spots and it annoys the shit
out of me because I keep dying find a
youtube video I'm sure this video well I
know I want to figure
myself hey yo I've been to that area so
many times and I just cannot like it was
because I found that I saw on one of
those those little weird-looking guys
you can only kill once they got like
some kind of special gem or something
and I'm the spider monster thanks yeah
what Oh spider - I saw him walk off the
ledge but or something down there yeah
no I've been to that area several times
and I spent a good chunk of time just
falling and man did that pista fuck out
of me cuz then it's just like you know
like it's it's that question of like am
I crazy or am i doing it wrong you know
you know like am I am I thinking there's
something here and there's not or am I
just doing it wrong and apparently I've
just been doing it wrong which is
equally
fuck you flower hey fuck you flower
thank you all thank you flounder while
our fuck you flower Oh haven't you ever
heard of the rare B breed of the fuck
you flower
it's not a flower you want to see you
know like this the only man I mean you
know I'm trying wrench trying
fuck you flower you know it's a it's of
honor that that had sex with you
unwanted sex with you it's not as bad as
a rape zombie a rape that I think is the
worst thing imaginable you a rib zombie
umm so it wouldn't kill you is the ID no
no it just rapes you repeatedly with
endless stannum oh because no zombie
okay cuz you know zombie sure is some
point you would just naturally die of
starvation uh yeah I would assume I
would also assume that and last like
unless it's like a super rape zombie
that also like it nourishes you with its
rape but the rape zombie is the the
worst thing that my brain has been able
to conceive uh all right I'm down with
that that's that's a pretty awful fate
that sounds like an awful fate to
Oh troll guy valium monkey bitches
mere little troll guy there's a little
uh gauntlet s control guy yeah and I
gotta love them in any case where were
we rape zombies back back the rapes on
this side right you know what
fuckin right
back to rape zombies isn't there uh get
hi Emma monkey you know what there's
monkeys rich whoa
there's Sui mines - that's one fun is
fun rich do you know that mm-hmm nope
nope I just did a bad thing right by
definition Bonin has to be fun that's
yeah that's kind of what it's that's
kind of a fun is all about kind of all
about having fun
and mandatory fun mandatory fun for all
fun having yeah absolutely
can you make fun mandatory is that
possible no yes yeah
you can make fun mandatory yeah because
all you're dictating is that fun happens
right yes
and so it's like buddy how do you make
somebody have it it's the question like
you like by saying like you have to have
fun and then okay and then they say okay
or in order to have fun I thrown in jail
nobody has fun then and you're just
stressed out yeah then make sure to have
fun but I gotta have fun yeah but if in
I guess in my scenario you get to choose
the fun that you have you know you must
have fun and you say okay in order to
have fun
I need a tub of ice cream and and
ghostbusters on blu-ray and then they
say okay here it is and then you have
fun because it's a totally then the Nazi
says no you'll just get this bench and I
asked some reason I did like a Soviet
thing for my Nazi guy I don't know why
you just get an egg bin I can't
determine you just get this bench
there's some tools on it have fun well
you can't man - you can't have mandatory
fun that way no that way okay okay
I'm saying there is a world in which you
can have mandatory fun yes but not like
that
yet looking like that
the soundtrack is killer
Oh tiny barbarian
Oh tiny barbarian you're great
okay
what am i doing what do I do well you
were you never able to get into that
volgarr the Viking no you know it's just
something about vulgare event it just I
don't know demands perfection
it demands perfection that's true yeah
and maybe that's it maybe I couldn't
deal with like vulgare you see the
problems volgar is funnest mandatory
first of all nice bringing a full circle
right you're bringing a full triangle
and I appreciated that yeah both got
vulgar was a little much yeah something
I was thinking and and I know we can't
which is why I'm bringing up right now
rich and I are deciding what to do for
our next prereq episode and because
technically speaking we don't have to
choose what to do until right when the
new video goes up because that's when I
put the end card on yeah yeah and we
have a couple ideas floating around
something that we could do is shovel
knight as it's about to be re it's about
to be released on the sony platforms
okay okay thank you think I can get down
with that or we could just do a shovel 9
episode and make it one of those
retrospective things I know we've both
we've all played shovel Knight but yeah
newly available I'm gonna say shovelin
not old enough to be a retrospective
yeah yeah
fuck you am I doing this wrong I might
be doing this wrong
left everybody cake says no steambox
discussion we've we've kind of done that
I think I think my opinion on the steam
boxes is yeah
and rich and I more or less agree on the
steam box I'm I think it's going to do
better than rich does in general oh but
our our feelings are pretty much the
same which is that there's not a big
market for it no no I think it I think
it's gonna bomb sure right and I think
it's going to do relatively well I think
I think the controller will do
relatively well I'm just so excited to
get my hands on that controller as I am
a controller person the ratio of
controllers to steam boxes sold would be
something like a thousand to one and
that we can definitely agree on no
matter what yeah how many of you're
looking for a computer it's it's too
expensive if you're looking for a
console well it's - no I think there are
those people out there that understand
that PC gaming is where it's at but
don't have the wherewithal to pick out
or build a computer you you want
something to get that audience who's on
the fence to introduce them to the PC
you want something that's a little bit
more in between yeah and and that's
where I think it's gonna shine in order
to be in order to be accessible in order
to be successful it needed to be a bit
more console flavored and and that's
what it is and if they can get the price
point right if that doesn't if that if
one of the companies can get the price
point right it's gonna go like
gangbusters
sounds like none of them have the price
point right well it sounds like all of
them are expensive because see when once
I know we've done this conversation to
fucking I'm in it now yeah okay when
when when Sony or Microsoft when they
when they launch the new Xbox in the
PlayStation they're perfectly willing to
sell it at a loss in order to get it at
more homes right brain now big ass team
because they're farming out the steam
box
two other separate companies obviously
they don't want to sell it as a loss
because it would just be a loss to them
they get nothing out of that right so
prices are gonna be comic let me hide
the concepts but they have they have
models they have models out and some of
the price points are comparable all
right for one thing the whole different
models thing yeah if you're trying to
woo a console audience I think that's
the wrong approach I I think this I
think the steam box should have been
baby's first PC sure somewhere between a
console on a PC and it kind of is it is
it could but you want you want a uniform
fucking hardware and you want to cheat
that's what you want with a console yes
yeah I don't want to the guessing game
of which one should I get and this one
is 0.6 percent better and this one and
this was not gonna be obsolete in two
years but I like by the way I like that
this one is 0.6 percent better that's
exactly the problem that's exactly the
problem and I do think that the market
will solve a lot of that you know and
that but you have something like that
when people learned the good things
about pcs they have a console that they
can do modding on and they can they can
they can use a mouse if they want to oh
sure but I still think there is that
market so people that don't want to muck
around there's still a market for people
who don't want to muck around with with
PCs yep exactly and have a console that
does what a PC can do yes and eventually
the market will sort out which one you
know which one of these several steam
boxes is the clear choice you know and
so eventually oh come oh god what what
what valve needed was a console that can
do a lot of the things the PC can do
what they have is a a see that could do
what a console can do it's they got it
they got it exactly backwards no no like
the valve
pardon the pun there audience are people
who already own pcs and naturally won't
be interested in this box that's more
expensive and has less functionality
sure but valve is interested in the big
picture here right and so they're
looking to convert console players this
is not going to do that no no this is a
shape before going to do that which
you're thinking small this is not going
to do that what's going to do no no no
you're thinking short how does the steam
box win over a console player who
doesn't have any it's the PC gaming how
not this generation of the steam box
this generation of the steam box will
not the second generation because this
one's gonna fail miserably again PC
gamers aren't gonna want one because
does less console gamers aren't going to
want one because it's expensive and
boodles would have and they want a
console they want the coach like but
here's here's what it'll do is there
will be a few they will sell god damn it
Google Suho they will sell a few to
those people who want PC gaming without
mucking around with a PC they will find
that perfect price point they will fight
you know like Alienware will have you
know their ones and everyone will agree
like oh this is the one you want to get
right all the other ones will go away
it's it's only $2,000 no no no it'll be
it'll be the right price point and
they're all it'll be the right price
point and the right specs
it'll be just in that butter zone right
and the market will figure that out it
needed to be to be uniform it needed to
be cheap and it needed to be able to do
some of the things that only a PC you
can do yes then and that you introduced
that to console players and they they
see the benefits of PC gaming Oh
and therewith but this is the thing
there will be god fucking dammit instead
what they're doing is they're selling
people who already own a PC there's a
kind of console there will fuckin fuck
there will be those early adapters
adopters is the thing I wanted to say
there will be those early identities huh
they they are you know what they're the
beta testers they're the ones who are
gonna figure out which is the right one
and after we all figure out which is the
right one that's when we're gonna start
converting people not this generation I
think I think the chats right I think
this needs to be an episode steam box
steam box yeah alright if we can get one
for under five grand
okay we'll start we'll start saving up
twitch money we had a couple
expenditures recently but we will start
we will start saving up first in box our
options are a steam box or a brand-new
car fucking idiots but see rich don't
you understand by doing an episode god
dammit god dammit will be part of the
problem as far as your doesn't make any
sense well as far as you're concerned
will be part of the problem because
we'll be there talking about it and
which will which will build buzz for the
products which will be giving which will
be giving feedback to the products right
uh-huh and so the next generation it'll
be the right product I did something you
say makes sense and I missed it oh well
I did the thing in the game that I
needed to do
oh that apparently wasn't the right way
to go um yeah well what I said was what
what we'll be doing in our episode is
providing the makers of steam boxes with
valuable feedback while simultaneously
generating buzz for the steam boxes in
general where is rich getting the idea
that steam boxes are insanely expensive
there was an add-on on steams main page
for one a few weeks ago they had a price
range did you know
stupidly there's more than one and the
cheap ones were like $1,200 it cost more
than my PC and I you might be wrong
about the cheap ones I will say that I
believe the cheap ones are in console
range the the Alienware ones were know
that they advertised on Steam the
Alienware ones the cheap ones were like
twelve hundred from 1,200 to 2,500
fucking someone check in on that I want
to say there were cheap ones for like oh
yes there's so many different ones
there's gonna be so many different
hardware configurations yeah there might
be some cheap ones and I'm like crap and
people who buy those they're probably
not gonna be happy in the long run
everything about everything they've done
except for possibly the controller is
stupid yeah this could be a fun episode
this could be a fun episode
oh no and I know I see I seen the chance
someone was saying that the other the
other issue the as far as I'm concerned
the big issue with the steam box is
steam OS runs Linux yeah
so that means steam boxes can only play
Linux games that's you know that's the
one thing I understand though because if
the steam boxes were you know the right
price point and if they ended up being a
popular thing mm-hmm
you would have poor people naturally
developing on Linux just to release
something on the steam box oh you'd want
the steam box to be a desirable thing to
have first but it would be the kind of
situation where new games would have you
know the the Xbox port the PlayStation
port and then the steam but these steam
OS right which is basically the Linux
version
oh sure the only problem is that
severely limits your back catalogue that
severely limits steams catalogue it does
it does work with the back catalogue but
I know why they want to do it because I
know like Windows 8 is there some danger
of Windows no longer being an open
platform and and valve doesn't want to
get fucked over by Microsoft right valve
would like it velvet like very much for
PC development to primarily happen on
Linux and I mean you know it's
completely free and open platform and
yeah I would be better for everybody
I'd support I'd be glad to switch over
to Linux if everyone would start
developing for it that'd be great
I'll tell ya I want people to develop
for Linux because apparently developing
for Linux is very similar to developing
for Mac's and so you'll find out you
like you would find a lot of Linux Mac
games so I'm all for that as well but a
truck trying to encourage Linux
development that's that's that's like
the one bit of strategy they have that
makes any kind of sense to me oh and see
to me like all you're doing is like it
makes sense to me but all you're doing
is is meaning is saying that like all
these games that you love you can't play
them on our box not like you can on your
PC that's actually the one part that
doesn't make sense I mean it makes sense
to me but that's the part that I don't
I'm assuming there would be ports of
many things oh god yeah oh god yeah
janaina chicken I don't know I know with
Windows 8 there's like they work at that
you know they're moving in the direction
of the Windows Store and in the era of
anybody just being able to make a
program for Windows was danger of coming
to an end you know Microsoft they're you
know they're not afraid to do stupid
things
nope they sure ain't you know why
everyone has windows and it will always
be that way forever and ever I know
which is why I would like to see you
switch over to Linux uh yeah I would
like to see that I was hoping that the
steam box would be successful on that I
can install Linux on my my computer
mm-hmm and I have dual boot for a while
sure sure
run whatever old stuff I can on a
Windows I'm no wine
I'm pile-driving Eagles rich I feel
pretty good about that
and I'm dying so much um you know I add
at the end of the day the real thing is
valve can do whatever they want because
they have more money than God and they
can afford valve can afford to make some
failures here and there truck yeah but
you didn't have to have a failure they
didn't have that failure here but what
they needed to do was they needed to
make a console with PC elements not a
not a PCB with console elements that's
what they needed to do hmm
you know I'm not going to be in the
business of telling valve what they need
to do I don't do that I I'm gonna give
them a little bit of the benefit of the
doubt I I will you are in the business
of criticizing what they do though we
are we are in the business but what I'm
doing all right you know what you know
rich that's fair that is that is 100%
fair
piledriver bald eagle I'm pile-driving
bald eagles they needed to market their
own hardware you need to do what I don't
you know loss that and then they can put
their their steamos on it introduce
gamers just you know council game is to
steam you know here's here's my defense
of that is that's that is how it's done
right now right like that's how that's
how is that is how Sony and Microsoft do
it at the time right and what if that is
not the best way its largest market and
that's what they have to try and break
in they you know specifically what if
substance subsidizing consoles in order
to sell games is not the best way
what if you know we don't know everyone
does it that way just because that's the
way that everyone does it right what I'm
talking about is the gaming equivalent
of a transitional cost right there
they're jumping straight to modern man
they're going right to cro-magnon from
the Lemur
from the lemur from the lemur nice yeah
yeah they're doing it they're doing it
nope sorry come on that's alright come
on
fuck fuck
I need another beer
talk to me Lawrence you got God so many
chords right right whores mrs. Jackson
pretty chords skin your fucking beer get
it faster I'm dying out here

[Part III]
hey I've not watched her devil gone over
this I probably should
I might get around to that sooner or
later when I'm not playing blood-borne
I'll watch daredevil how's that sound
we're just gonna piss in her quiet
little jacket back we're gonna see her
quietly
I had a sound of silence sweet sounds
way to meditate yes you if I was
meditating Jack what's what's going on
what what what
what getting a beer was frustrating no
the game the game was how the game it's
good game this is a good game this is a
good fun game it's a good fun game
hi I am Chet I am I am always working on
more stuff for the background that's it
goes slower than I would like what the
background elements for prereq oh yeah
we've been working on stuff we've been
working on stuff I'm excited too to see
more background elements as well I do
love some of the recent improvements
some of the recent improvements but
stuff likely improving these stands
we're using and whatnot so simple stuff
this yeah I haven't been working a lot
on actual new things to put up much yet
like was I was today oh I like what
we've been doing recently with like
mixing and matching yeah the backgrounds
and the characters on them I think
that's really neat I I did I bought us
some lights so we now have our very own
prereq lights and so we will no longer
look like the garbage which I'm really
excited I mean will still look like us
so you know that's a handicap to begin
with but our own lights that can stay
that we never had that we can get right
once and then never have to adjust again
can you imagine wonderful wouldn't
wouldn't it be just the greatest so I'm
really excited about that
I think I need to just focus on making a
bunch of characters and then worry about
appropriate background elements later I
agree yeah I think that's the smart call
Eagle Eagle there's a wine I want every
game to have its own little you know
screenshot tailored to that game but oh
sure the grounds are just terrible
horrible to make that background texture
for Mario of God you don't I'm making
that that same 16 by 16 tile over and
over again like times sure it's like
take me days to do that or I could just
spend the day and get a full character
done you know yeah that's probably the
smaller thing that that's probably how
I'm going to change my approach all
right down I think you're right
how do I actually make them lie I just
take some a foam board or if I need
something larger I'll get like the eat
like 8 8 by 4 wall insulation and I'll
cut that up but then I I draw a grid on
that with a t-square each pixel is is a
3/4 inch cubes I thought I thought that
was the best size not not too small not
too big and then I I drug 3/4 cube grid
and then I mark out where the character
would be in that grid and I cut it out
and then kind of like a paint-by-numbers
like mark we're all different colors
will do and then I've painted it later
yeah by hand rich hand hand draws out
each pixel and hand paints each pixel of
those characters and background elements
yeah and they're fantastic
all of them are fantastic I love them
not up close well that's that's true we
should get a close-up picture of one of
them to tweet out to everyone it's you
know you can basically you can see the
brushstrokes up close yeah and so yeah
it loses a little bit of a magic I still
think they're great fucking snake I
losing my cool rich I'm losing a bit of
my cool I got to get my cool back how do
I get my cool back you have to jump them
freezer forever first of all that's not
funny
you will get your hole back I know go
ahead and get my cool
when will we auction off the set pieces
when prereq is cancelled
oh so next week after Jay sees this next
episode
conceivably like like if like Mario gets
beat up enough I might want to remake it
sure so conceivably if we ever get
character 2.0 then we'll auction off the
old ones yeah sure that makes sense
okay by the way the reason it's just
been old arcade game type stuff or old
nest games it's cuz that kind of 8-bit
stuff is much easier to do then 1660
like the sonic would be an order of
magnitude worse cuz your pixels are
gonna be twice as small it's gonna be
twice as many pixels to paint who's
gonna be what is it how many more colors
are there is a 32-bit yeah instead of
doing like the one blue eye I'm doing
like like eight shades of blue just on
Sonic oh my god that would be a
nightmare it would be a fucking
nightmare and that's that's the reason
you haven't seen like Genesis Sega stuff
or anything like that
practicality
if I'm ever feeling insane ah
III maybe maybe I'll do like a very
early 3d thing when when you know you
could still easily count the polygons
and I'll try and build a 3d something or
other
like like all the red and blue 3d no no
like like quake oh I get it
you mean like doom guy yeah ooh
doom guys fun oh my god that's near
under the same problem with the pixel
size in the colors I loved I'd love to
make doom monsters though oh yeah you
know what would be great though is like
you could do the doom a heads-up display
and like you know just get do guys I
thought about doing that yeah doing that
yeah oh you should do that that'd be
funny because I mean that that can't be
very that can't be very intensive the
dooms heads-up display and then just
like a big-ass like gun him holding up
the barrel of the shotgun and the
heads-up display that would be great I
love it I'm officially commissioning you
to do that that would be hilarious
that would look great
fucking bird
I get me I could get me a burden I'm not
even comfortable so far everything has
been pixel accurate I mean the pixels
themselves are kind of misshapen fucked
up and poorly painted but everything has
been pixel accurate what does that mean
pixel I get your job like every every
pixel corresponds to how I would look in
the game everything I've done
oh okay taking artistic liberties
Mario's 32 bits across and he's you know
X number of bits hi it's that's that's
what the thing I make is oh fucking
birds ain't shit so I have to say about
you I'm not even calling the Eagles
anymore please just fucking Birds to me
birds
this is a good game any kind making it
something that way any game that makes
you cuss and bald eagles I think is
there's a mark of quality
I just gotta play it cool and right now
not necessarily player crawl get there
monkey
I almost ate it I didn't get yet
you know another thing about switching
over to Linux yeah you wouldn't have to
worry about whether or not your shits
gonna run on like the next iteration of
Windows yeah yeah shit shit
sometimes doesn't work at all or
sometimes works weirdly unlike the new
version of Windows something something
made for Windows XP is probably gonna
barrel its hands and disgust at Windows 8
sure and if valve had full control over
their own operating system you could
probably avoid a lot of that yeah yeah I
can see that I fucking did it
that's that's that's the one aspect of a
valve scheme with the steam box that I
would like to see come to pass the steam
OS you know I think I've talked about
big picture mode in general I don't like
it big picture I'm assuming would also
run on regular Linux I don't like big
picture mode either I don't know I just
I just want this shit to work on a free
operating system that's not gonna give
me a headache every time the new version
comes out sure
well I gotta kick that take this shit
out of an elf Mannie
yeah Helpmann um I just like in general
big picture mode is is good for nothing
except for playing it on a couch I don't
know no no it's it's good I hate I
remember I accidentally end up in big
picture bones yes me it's good for
nothing except for picking out what game
you're playing and looking at the store
like if you want to like chat with
people if you want to like check out you
know artwork or screenshots or any any
of the other things you can do in steam
the big picture mode blows that's that's
the downside of using a controller as a
yellowness enough as an input device
absolutely operating system as an input
and you know what I'm gonna agree with
you I'm going to agree with you even
though I'm a controller loving
motherfucker yeah
the other problem though is the steam
defaults a lot of its nope not even
close
steam defaults a lot of its uh bases too
like looking at screenshots and manuals
and stuff to browsers and then it's not
just about using big picture mode it's
about using steams browser in big
picture mode which is a huge pain in the
ass yeah see I never even thought about
I hate big picture mode I never play
around with it enough issue right you
know so oh I accidentally turned that on
oh god how do I get out of here and how
quickly can I do it even even when I do
play on the couch I'm gonna have my
wireless keyboard and mouse nearby you
know oh you know what that's the one
thing I forgot to get thank you for
reminding me oh yeah yeah need a
wireless keyboard I'll get that before
Wednesday
not a big deal oh I know we'll make it
work
oh sure sure sure but it's like it's
like even with a wireless or even with a
mouse and keyboard using big picture
mode you're forced to use steams
browser oh sure no but I mean if if I
were gaming on a couch I wouldn't be
using big picture mode anyway I'd still
be using Morris right yeah everything
sucks yes everything is terrible all the
time
this is the only lesson you must learn
everything is terrible all the time it's
like my goth voice oh it's an acceptable
god voice okay you're Metalocalypse
moisture every there just about
everything is matter of all everything
stops all of that time I miss
Metalocalypse they're doing a final
season our thing are they I think so
I haven't I mean you know see the last
time they did was the fucking cliff
hanger or son assuming there will be
more I just be in general I just haven't
watched it I'm sure it's on Netflix I
don't know everything's on Netflix
if you like something you buy the DVD
and you rip it onto a hard drive this
room you know what that's true
I rarely like things enough to buy them
on DVD for me buying something on
physical media is a big commitment
yeah I want my life to be physical media
free well that's where the ripping part
comes in
yeah but then you don't want DVD because
DVD is you rip it onto a hard drive yeah
but the hard drive is attached to my
computer and then I want to show well
I'll just click on the button icon rich
did you know the DVD watching thinks DVD
is standard definition yeah did you know
that yeah yeah it's not even it's not
even HD I don't freak out about video
quality oh well I do I want my shit to
look nice I see I have a different
philosophy I want quality I mean I want
quantity I want all my shit on the hard
drive and then I basically I've got like
I could just put like a big playlist in
and it's like the rich Evans Channel any
the shows I like I'll just start playing
I'll just have that in the background
all the time
and I like I want both you know I want
to make sure I want a mixture of quality
oh fuck that's not oh my god what was
that I was robbing my breath into the
microphone is your towel fell off
yeah
I'm excited I got I I went out for those
of you who are keeping up with the the
saga that is rich Evans headphones
Rachel why don't you explain your
current headphone microphone situation
well it's just tied onto my head with a
sweatshirt okay I have improved things
since the blanket days but still right
now your gaming headset which you use as
a microphone to talk to me yes is tied
onto your head with a sweatshirt yes
this is a real thing that is happening
in your life right now uh-huh okay and
you know as most of you know because you
know a lot of you are subscribers we we
you lose your twitch money to buy things
to better streams for yourself so I
heard about this problem weeks ago you
know rich is having trouble talking to
me because his headset broke and I said
rich let you know the money comes to me
and I distribute it and so I said rich
you know let me know what kind of gaming
headset you need and I will get you one
I just want one that works to this day
rich has never told me a gaming hank
said the other day I just went out and
bought him one because I figured he
would like that what did you buy it um
oh I forget oh wait is it it should be
I bought that it seems to be perfectly
middle-of-the-road
where it wasn't too expensive had all of
the nice doodads and had a mic uh-huh it
had a good mic there there was a couple
ones that that the guy said would give
us would give you better or sound
quality yeah
but the microphone wasn't as good and I
said no no no it's really important you
know he needs to talk to me we need our
lease early is at least the headset oh
they do nice and big they're not these
little tiny little things that go on
your ear but the big fat headphones
that's my only real preference your
phone out and so I can't hear anything
you're saying okay now I guess that's me
saying okay since you can't hear me
saying okay
and I know like and so Rich's only
stipulation was uh was he wanted can
headphones you know he wanted to the ear
covering headphones right yes and so I
got you
Turtle Beach which you know is that
that's their big yeah yeah they are a
well-known I got you the Turtle Beach
x12 okay amplified this up stereo gaming
headset and it has a little it has a
controller on it that controls volume
and whatnot and big can headphones and a
nice big microphone for it that goes
right in front of your face x12 the x12
it sounds fancy it's it looks it looks
very fancy written they look you know
what that looks just fine yeah I like
that looks great yeah I thought you
would think so
so nice you know like perfectly
middle-of-the-road
earphones they look good I know nothing
about them because I use I use a USB mic
and just my my headphones but you know
the guy the guy who I was talking to
didn't exactly know what he was talking
about he steered me away from a couple
that he said he had heard from people
who were uncomfortable after long
periods of times and it's like oh yeah
no they need to yeah that's why I want
that's why I wanted the cans yeah well
it's like yeah I know we do this
sometimes for four or five hours at a
stretch and it's like no no these need
to feel good on his face
also don't wear them on your favorite
that's that's like in the manual do not
put on face so yeah no they look good
I'm excited for him
I'll give them to you on Wednesday
somebody's asking about gifting us a
game Jack oh it's yours what is there
our steam thingy magic finger thingy
thing if you think if you gift the game
to previously recorded dot r LM at
gmail.com we will we will get that that
is Oh give me back my girlfriend you
dumb monkey that is our prereq Steam
account and we will get that or if
you're friends with either of us on
Steam you can gift it to us but your I
mean if you're asking this you're
probably not because our friend list is
constantly full
and we constantly work to unfold but
doesn't this is the latest it's just the
way it is the way things are we can't
help it we cannot help things so
previously recorded dot R LM at
gmail.com fuck is that gmail dot fuck is
our previously recorded Steam account
both rich and I have access to that and
we will get we will get the game you
send us
and a lot of times we play those games
or we put them in our gift inventory and
if we have like doubles or something
we'll give it away yeah if we do if we
do another giveaway stream which was a
lot of fun sure we should do another
giveaway stream yeah we should try to
find another thing like pictionary was
fun but we should try to find another
another thing did you give away for
because that was our Arbor Day Arbor no
I mean another game instead of
pictionary I mean Arbor Day today is
Thomas Jefferson's birthday did you know
oh no tomorrow I did not tomorrow is
Thomas Jefferson's birthday rich
founding father Thomas Jefferson the man
who literally was so upset with
Christianity that he wrote his own Bible
did you know that about Thomas Jefferson
no he was so upset with people with the
myth of Christianity that he wrote his
own Bible writing out Jesus really him
and just telling everyone to be cool
with each other that can't be true about
what Jesus Jesus are very cool with each
other we live in Jesus land all the
founding fathers were bigger than Jesus
that's not you that's including Benjamin
Franklin who was a notorious whoremonger
gephart yes Jefferson cut all the
bullshit out it wasn't much left listen
yeah oh they're saying he wrote out all
he wrote out all of the miracles and
basically left and just left in all of
the be good to each other stuff I think
that's great and you know what it was
horribly unpopular
what the hell is that
hold on Lisa just sent me a terribly
disturbing text message I think she just
went up to bed and wanted to send me a
disturbing text message to mess with my
mind it was a creepy picture anyway I
was hoping she was right outside my
office dead body it's a creepy doll that
looks to be in someone's attic okay what
is that why did you send that to me what
is that why did you say don't go it
wasn't like a picture of a bloody corpse
on your doorstep no it was a creepy doll
in someone's attic and then she just
poked her head in my office and gave me
it and smiled and it's just like that's
that's creepier
she made it creepier she knows just what
to do to make things creepy I think
getting texted a picture of a corpse in
front your house that that'd be pretty
creepy I mean of course that that would
be supremely creepy or really a corpse
anywhere you knew where it was you know
oh oh oh boss battle boss battle
actually actually you know you know
creepy what back in back when
photography was new when they used to
take God like family portraits of dead
people
yeah of dead people dead people they
want to preserve and the earliest days
of photography want to preserve memories
of the corpse you'll you'll see a family
portrait and you know because she had to
stand in front of the camera for like an
hour for a picture to take right say
you'd like to of the family members
would be a little bit fuzzy and then the
one would just look Chris little clearer
because they were of course oh my god
they would propose but they would pose
with a dead loved one as if they were
still alive isn't that terrible
it's weird as hell also you know I was
like photography was a new people didn't
have their pictures taken on often and
you wanted to remember what yo what your
daughter looked like so she
your dead daughter yeah yeah also right
now I'm Anna I mean I but it's just if
you see an old time you picture it's
like a family portrait and like everyone
except for one person is a little bit
out of focus that's that's why because
the one person wasn't moving at all oh
well that's just creepy
oh yeah but it happened oh no I I
believe it and I think that's great
right now also this this boss battle is
donkey kong inspired inspired not
talking expired it's donkey kong
inspired because we're talking about
people who are expired yeah exactly
but uh this giant gorilla has stolen my
girlfriend and is now throwing barrels
at me and so I have to dodge barrels
nice no I cannot like and I have to
dodge them I cannot hit them with my
sword which is very upsetting for me a
barbarian who likes to use this sword
what if they were in a horrible fire
well then they probably wouldn't take
the picture I mean most but most people
people died of like disease Batman let's
hey let's be reasonable
come on you died of dysentery that's
that's what was the big killer yeah we
don't no one likes to look at ugly
corpses even people back then you you
cut your finger and then bacteria would
kill you biggest he didn't have
penicillin right so you you died of a
paper cut back in the 1800s it was not
it was not a good time to be a lot that
I'm gonna call that an understatement
right nope got a paper cut Mercer make
it out in the will right it's the the
average the life expectancy of a of a
healthy adult male was 35 let's you know
come on
come on
by their barrels early on be smart be
smart about the barrels
monkey but sorry that oh oh Sean of
noise I'm sorry you're allergic to
penicillin but we're also in general
more concerned about bacteria these days
we clean things if ocean is allergic to
penicillin how do you feel about
antibacterial soap you know that's just
something that everyone likes and keeps
everyone out how do you feel about
doctors washing their hands I think I
think we need to cut out antibacterial
soap oh sure it's gotten a little crazy
now well no if it's actively harmful
where this is evolution at work you know
you know if you think evolution doesn't
exist and keep in mind that we're we're
evolving super bacteria with antibiotic
soap because because the the surviving
bacteria is resistant and it's not a
good thing that's not an antibacterial
soap that's antibacterial everything
like wait yeah we've hit it we've hit a
threat oh fuck you barrels we've hit a
threshold of antibacterial we've hit a
cleanliness threshold and so that's it's
not antibacterial soap it's people who
are too clean for their own good yeah we
all know I hate to get depressing on
people we're we're we're in store for
bad times once once that's all once once
the majority of bacteria is resistant to
antibacterial agents it's true it's true
but but really if you want to get really
depressing about it there's stuff
that'll happen away quicker
there isn't an amazing I think I think
I've talked about my love of cgp grey
yeah here before he has an amazing video
about the future of humanity and how
we're basically all doomed to poverty
yeah because of things like self-driving
cars okay one of the biggest employers
in America is the transportation
industry
don't think about it that's how
everything gets everywhere semi-trucks
right yeah once self-driving cars are a
reality which they already are but once
they are prevalent every single truck
driver in America will be replaced
because a computer won't get into car
accidents as often it statistically
proven right huh so what that means is
every is the the majority of people who
are employed in America will be out of a
job
adding to that things like like simple
things like automated checkouts right
which are super great at the grocery
store but that takes for jobs and
replace it with one human job right
because computers do the rest of the
work you just need someone to oversee it
all so all of these low skill jobs are
literally being taken over yeah at an
alarming rate to where we won't have the
resources we won't have a workforce is
basically what's going to have a wheel
right now America is is lacking a
skilled workforce and I'm doing a
terrible injustice to this beautiful
video that he made about artificial
intelligence and automation jacket what
at what point will class warfare turn
into an actual war that's the question
when is that going to happen
right I mean in our lifetimes are we
going to avoid that bass or that's a
good question that's a good question
class warfare
I don't know
that you know what that is that's a
terribly depressing question oh yeah
it's cuz it's gonna happen
of course it's sure sure because of
course it's gonna happen but but and but
by the way it might not matter if
computers take all the truckers jobs
because then everyone will be poor
because that affects everyone if you
take working-class America out of a job
that means there's not people around to
pay for our entertainment you know that
means everyone's out of a job
society would have to do something right
sure sure we would have to do something
but I can't why can't robots just take
all the jobs then program this program
that they have the care of these people
they can that's actually like the the
next part of this video which someone
please link to this wonderful CGP grey
video on automation and how computers
will take over everything he cites like
them taking over legal jobs like lawyers
are one of the highest paying
professions in America right yeah
but lawyers are terribly inefficient at
like finding and sighting precedent
whereas computers are really good at it
so lawyers are gone right the medical
profession is rife with with mistakes
because of human error so guess what
computers will take over that too
coming from so if you want job security
go into prostitution no no if you want
job security you have to go into
computer programming you have to get
into the thing that's going to take over
all the other jobs okay you have to
understand how computers work and the
prob the the big problem is fuck off
that's why you need a guaranteed income
for all citizens I don't know if that'll
work
thank you bit bill Utley I hope that's
the right link thank you for everyone
who's posting today it's a great video
it's a horribly depressing but really
fantastic thought piece on the future of
humanity that's why I'm such a big fan
of that grey he's a good thinker that's
my kind of depressing you know why
because that's right around the corner
like you know the eventual destruction
of the universe that's that's I'm not
gonna see that my children are going to
see that my children's children are
going to see that but in my lifetime the
self-driving cars will take over
truckers jobs and that will have a
drastic impact on my livelihood and
that's one way more depressing have they
done much work on self-driving cars oh
yeah
there there are self-driving cars that
are out now I've seen nothing about this
ever oh my god you got to get up on it
one just made a trip from from San
Francisco to New York unassisted yeah
are not uh necessity it was it was 99%
unassisted San Francisco to New York huh
completely self-driving I'm assuming
they would have some kind of manual
override of course of course they would
we're not feel comfortable completely
putting my life in the hands of the
computer oh god I would I yearn for the
days of self-driving cars I once saw
that oh sorry it's not that one plane I
think was in San Francisco crashed a few
years ago the planes like yeah it was a
plane crash and I think it was
attributed to the the
computer with Allah planned the place no
it thought it was like lower than it was
or something weird and it hit the ground
a little bit too soon a little bit too
hard you know that was that was the same
accident where after the plane accident
one of it one of the girls who survived
the plane was was hit by the emergency
vehicle that was on its way okay yeah
yeah I am all for self-driving cars just
because it means that I could get shit
done while on road trips you know the
idea the idea of someone else driving me
everywhere is a wonderful to me because
I'd you know like I run errands a lot I
Drive around a lot I would love for
someone else to drive me around and in
the next fast in the Furious movie as
Vin Diesel just gonna be taking a nap in
the car the whole movie oh my god oh my
god by the way that would be a great
premise to the next Fast and Furious is
self-driving cars trying to take over
the business of being fast and furious I
honestly have never seen any of those
movies so I have no idea like I don't
even know why they're racing in those
movies
why are they racing than have you seen
any of those movies now why are they
racing in those movies I don't care
street races I don't know because they
enjoy their being fast and are furious
they enjoy that's fine that's fine thing
to enjoy I know
mister I do like Google's self-driving
tech is amazing it's right now like
they're taking over cities with
self-driving cars like self-driving cabs
and stuff it's happening right now rich
and it's I've never so first I've heard
of any of this
oh my god get up on it this is a thing
that is happening right this very moment
and it's great
am I supposed to hit him he's holding my
he's holding my my barbarian lady
so I'm unsure if I'm supposed to hit the
monkey what else you supposed to do
exactly that's oh oh yeah I am okay I'm
supposed to
all right his health went down I I
couldn't see him isself went down is
there always a lady to save of course
there's always every boss battle I mean
I see why isn't the monkey tiny why
isn't to the mutton I thought the whole
gimmick was that you're like like like
an inch tall or something
oh sure so why is the monkey tiny why is
the monkey tiny that's a good question
well maybe this is like just your tiny
world you know but if everything's tiny
that defeats the purpose of having
something big dining something well the
bees aren't tiny you should be the
relatively speaking normal sized
barbarian yeah but that's not a very
catchy title the relatively speaking
proportionately sized barbarian yes I
think that's what I'm gonna try to label
this episode on youtube be relatively
speaking proportionately size bar Perry
and except for the bees they have the
giant bees
I ever monkey at little tiny barrels
yeah tiny barrels
yeah just right no only barrels oh by
the way your hundred percent right which
is why I think it's so funny these
barrels are killing me
Oh these barrels I can hit that's a
little bullshit why because in the rest
of the level I couldn't hit the barrels
like hitting the barrels with my sword
didn't do anything
yeah and so and this was the guy
throwing those barrels to someone in the
chats asking how goes watching Voyager
I'm done yeah yeah kind of a bullshit
and ago
well yes I saw the ending though when
that was new okay after I gave up on the
series that was the one time I remember
tuning back in sending amazing watch
that it's it's such bullshit it's such
bullshit set set something up do a neat
story thing you know it's just it's a
one Episode thing grass it's a terrible
web dump terrible what yeah did you um I
think at the end there is like one of
the worst episodes in television history
which is the Chakotay as the boxer
episode oh I think I stopped paying
attention during that episode I was
started I started doing something else
while that was on AH
oh man you want to have a bad time
watching TV you watch the Chakotay as a
boxer Voyager episode I could watch
Enterprise now it's not now Enterprise
is officially the only Star Trek series
I have not seen its entirety yeah I gave
up better I gave up enterprise after
three episodes I have not watched any
enterprise it was a good pilot it was
interesting because they weren't using
the normal Star Trek technology you know
they didn't have the normal phasers they
didn't have stun they didn't have
transporters and like within two
episodes they had all that shit oh
that's not fun what's the fucking point
of doing a prequel series you know I I
gave up on enterprise like three
episodes and I was like fuck this that
seems like a cop-out
you know I wonder if people were
complaining about the lack of snow
because it was it was too hard to write
around it without lazy transporter
solution how do we get here
transporter I spent well that's why the
transporter it existed in the first
place
villains because they didn't want the
the effects budget little-known or
probably well known the Star Trek effect
fact is the only reason the teleporter
exists is because they didn't want to
write more shuttle shots into the
episodes yeah yeah and so they're like
yeah you know what how about they just
appear on the alien planet that'll be
cheap next show I watch will probably be
daredevil at this point oh god it needs
to be watched daredevil yeah fuck it
fuck enterprise watch daredevil there's
a yeah I couldn't I couldn't bring
myself to start watching enterprise I
after I finish Voyager I like well I got
do this and I put on the pilot episode
and then I got 1/3 of the way through
the pilot I'm like no we're not doing
this we're not doing this
yeah get yourself some daredevil that's
great highly recommend if you like crime
procedurals or if you like dudes beating
the shit out of each other it's both
that's great that's if it's if it's like
The Man Without Fear I'm sure it's great
I know nothing about the man without
fear oh it's great
no it's you know what it is it's intense
good as it was it was it was year one
for daredevil that's what dozen ambled
up river monster
oh okay well then maybe then maybe rich
I think that's where they got the
makeshift costume from I love the
costume from what that's from with
banana not fear oh okay I love the
costume I know well it can't be that cuz
he had that costume in the 70s Hulk show
I think that was just early daredevil
festive I think why Black was early
dared over Gaza didn't he have the same
costume in the 70s all show seventies
show you know daredevil made an
appearance on the 70s Incredible Hulk
show the Lou Ferrigno and he's wearing
it very similar III don't I don't know
about that I don't okay I can do this
guys I can do this and just I just know
in the man without fear he just puts
together a costume with just like like a
sweatshirt yeah what no oh yeah no and
that's all it is and it's wet I love his
makeshift costume
I I love it so much I hope they don't
change it though I know they have to
because that's not you know when did it
become cool to hate Frank Doyle I think
recently cuz like like I said I think
recently he he almost like a dickhead
like he's like a 9/11 truther or
something I don't give a shit I he can
believe whatever crazy things he wants
as long as I enjoy material sure oh sure
oh yeah no like oh oh like I said I
don't remember I just remember there was
a big internet hubbub Allu about him
we're like everyone thought he was a big
dickhead and I was like oh yeah yeah I'm
sure he might be I don't know sometimes
like that colors it for me if you know
someone's a dickhead it's harder to
enjoy their work I think I don't know I
don't know maybe maybe some more
examples all right it's hard to name
examples just because like anybody's a
dick it I need you don't worry about
anymore ah
I think I think they don't have to do
something I found genuinely disturbing
sure
like Invicta if it's ever revealed that
Frank Miller was a child molester
sure okay that might color my opinion
okay it's not I would feel just dirty
reading a frank grillo work at that
point all right all right that's a good
example but just having some weird
fucked-up political views and whatever
listen I know I keep running into the
monkey that hurts you but I have to get
close to him in order to hit him with my
tiny Ford stand next door yes but are
you saying like whether I stand next to
him
you know he hits me with his barrels and
stuff
Chet the chat is bringing up Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise oh sure okay you know what no
Tom Cruise I'm with I'm worth rich on
that I think Tom Cruise is a fine actor
and knowing that he's a big weirdo
does not flower my opinion of him as a
fine actor so okay so I'm gonna be with
return this one wow they're just not
there's a first time right the I don't
know like it'd be it'd be really hard
for me to like I'm trying to vote Chad
what's the thing with Frank Miller why
do people hate Frank Miller now what did
he do what did Frank Miller do to piss
everyone off you know you know what I
did feel a little bit yes when I was
watching Beetlejuice recently because uh
because if what's-his-face trying to
play kind of what no no no the the child
molester that's in the movie the Dietz
Dietz he's a child molester I believe so
yes Oh though not although the other one
Winona Ryder's father no really
yes oh I didn't hear that
the ferris bueller yeah yeah oh I didn't
hear that
oh yeah Thank You Chad
Jeffrey what Debra Jones Jeffrey Jones
was a child molester he's a child
molester wait is he still alive
yes well then yeah that would definitely
color he was convicted or it was just an
accusation
I don't recall okay if that makes a
world of a difference
and I love Beetlejuice I never watched
it like few weeks cause Holy Terror anti
Muslim oh he wrote an anti Muslim book
and he ranted about Occupy Wall Street
that's it is that all he did who
different Frank Miller oh he wrote an
anti Muslim book and he was apparently
anti-wall Street or anti Occupy Wall
Street one of those things I'm
completely fine with I think it's okay
to hate the Muslims ain't no ridges I
don't think you should hate anything you
can disagree with some things but you
know I oh I know I don't and I don't
think it's a terrible religion I'm sorry
every religion terrible yes yes we can't
we can't exclude them I'm not or we
can't we can't we can't uh where's a
single them out for being any more
terrible than anyone else because he's
an extremely nice all who was extremely
big oh okay yeah they're just saying
he's a bigot okay I don't know like I
said I just heard he was dickhead that's
that's the general consensus is that
Frank Miller is a dick it now or always
was but people are paying attention now
I suppose is more accurate
yeah
no like I I definitely like I have
qualms with people who take who take
action against Muslims over over anyone
else well mostly because like there are
people who will be like who would take
actions against Muslims literally just
because they're brown I want to make
something clear
yeah fundamentalism ruins everything and
I think fundamentalist Muslim
fundamentalist Islam is fucking
nightmarish it's a fucking nightmarish
thing and there's plenty of Muslims in
this country and elsewhere who are
moderate and decent people yes they're
here I don't want to send the wrong
message here yes
but it it just take though it just takes
those few fuck terms and and and is the
only fucktards of any religion that ruin
it forever
yes so we are like and I think this is
the the problem with I think I think our
day and age though I think the Muslims
have the highest body count and this day
was so in the time of the Crusades
saying like overall the Christians had
it they might have it overall the
Christians yeah
I think and contemporarily Muslims have
the highest body count contemporarily
that's that's a terrible thing
yes and it's all the fault of
fundamentalist dickheads
yes that's true a question I see to
bring things back to video gaming yeah
have you played Fez rich no okay
I have played Fez Fez is a wonderful
game up until like the hour and a half
mark and then it becomes insufferable
Fez is this beautiful game with a
wonderful mechanic that has like a
unique art style that is achieved
beautifully but then the game initiates
this sort of Metroid esque backtracking
feature which is 100% of ruined by it's
terrible Maps navigating in Fez is a
feat of its own damn it oh no Deniz what
what is happening just to hear somebody
in the middle of a entirely different
conversation just to suddenly go obese
is is amusing okay oh I want I want is
what happened oh god are the bees a
reference to Donkey Kong 3 I don't know
yes have you not seen Donkey Kong 3 I
mean it's probably been ages I played it
it plays like Alexia it's not even Mario
it's some kind of like beekeeper guy
he's at the bottom of the screen with a
bug spray gun and he shoots up at Donkey
Kong and a swarm of bees that he sends
down on you by hitting their beehive oh
that's yeah so in any case Fez is is
this beautiful game that you get a
couple hours of if you can pick up a
copy for like under five bucks you got
yourself the makings but I and I've
tried playing it a couple times because
it recently came - it was on PSN and so
I got to download it for free on my Vita
and I gave it another try cuz I played
it when it first came to like the Xbox
360
oh this is gonna be tough um can I just
oh I can just hold down the button and I
gave it another try and I ran into the
exact same problem which is I love the
beginning of it but it it gets old
fucking fast and then a second you have
to backtrack you have no way of knowing
where you're going the maps are terrible
so that's my that's my official fez
review okay I have not seen I have not
even seen Fez did you ever play um Oh
which which Mario game did it I want to
say one of the Paper Mario games did it
with like perspective shifting where you
could Super Mario Super Paper Mario yes
Super Paper Mario yeah like it that's
the whole game is like you you shift the
perspective but you can do it in four
you know four slots instead of just two
slots like Super Paper Mario okay way
this is sounding maybe I've seen a video
listen here like a little you're like a
little white cube guy and you have a
little red no it sounds familiar it's
it's super it's it's this really neat
art and a really fun idea that gets
wasted by backtracking level design
alright so
why are you so forward in the screen one
should hang back a bit so you see what's
coming because my big priority is not
trying not to run into the other bees
okay okay
and so it's like I'm I I don't run into
the other things as much as I run into
the other bees and so okay okay I agree
and it's like the bees are coming from
the back of the screen and so like my
main priority is really just black is uh
is avoiding them because they move
faster than all the other objects
chicken Thank You chicken oh my god
there's a man with a gun now we are
playing a whole different game Oh might
what these should not exist in a
barbarian game but you're a tiny
barbarian it's true
we are now playing ikuraga a cougar ooga
we're playing a bullet hell game now
okay okay that seems like it would be
annoying this is not what I signed up
for when playing tiny Barbie exactly I
applaud their efforts to to change you
know to change things up to keep it
fresh but I guess if they're going for
just like general you know retro game II
feel
that's the smart thing you dude take
them up take them out
can I think oh I can take out the other
bees - oh that's good to know
I've just made a discovery Ridge look
you can slash your thwart not only guys
slash my sward but my bee has like a
little like stinger drop um so I can
make things much easier yes I can take
out the bees and the shooter oh they're
coming for me
oh I wonder how your beef feels about
taking out his fellow beast though
probably not he's probably not cool with
that or he's a mindless drone and he
does what I say Dayo I'm the Barbarian
here so he's a fundamentalist and you're
his religion that's crazy rich yeah we
just got off at what the fuck is this
level I say what I think Jack say what I
think there's there's no way I can stop
you know that's you know what it's okay
it's okay rich you be fundamentalist be
thank you for subscribing we are very
much appreciated
oh okay apparently if I hang all the way
to the backpack like the guys at the
guns just go away
I think I just did it
oh my god what
I can't believe this this game is still
happening can I sing what never mind you
bet you walk past that
No
I'm out of here monkeys oh my god I'm on
a level that moves by itself now oh my
and there are there like Mega Man esque
like jet booster obstacles this is
getting a little fucked possibly in a
good way
I haven't decided yet what is the rush
fear of her bearing at this point get
his levels forcing him to move forward
right what's the rush or I have to save
my girlfriend my boat what does it was
the motivation for this I have to save
my Barbarian lady no clear motivation
than barbarian ladies
fuck man fuck man what do you want me to
clear motivation the barbarian ladies
and gave her subscribing I was just
gonna talk about something before I give
up barbarian ladies
that's that
monkeys classic games my help
guess what it's gone now I had something
I had something to discuss about hey
y'all don't movies I don't know either
rich I don't know either
it's the magic sometimes oh well you
know what
rocket
get out here spit eat cobra thing it was
probably a Cobra
uh-huh nope can't hit those away nope
gurgi damn it rich Goerke damn it mm-hmm
can I go down here no I can't oh this is
actually really bothersome not because I
had something I wanted to talk about I
think you're in the middle of weight too
much craziness for that oh I know I know
but it's like I had something on my mind
it's like oh I can bring up this this is
poignant it was it was something that
had to do was something we were talking
about which is why it's why it's most
upsetting to me but you know what
nothing I can do about it Oh God pardon
now
is that
I don't know yeah no I like now I forgot
even what I was gonna say well through
the chat have talked about um we're
talking how many times you've died
oh I'm sure several Jack talk about a
good beef stew recipe beef stew
I don't know if or the good beef stew
recipe exists do you think there will
ever be another Star Trek show hmm
that's a good question I they they will
try and fail mmm here's what here's
here's what's gonna happen
it's they're gonna find out it's really
expensive a high quality show the CB CBS
owns the show out right they own trick I
believe so and they're gonna want it on
a network and they're not gonna want
they're not gonna do it low budget and
they're gonna find out it's really
expensive to do that it's not very
cost-effective and it'll last season it
might even be really fucking good but
it'll end there because it's just too
expensive
agreed oh you know bb1 kickass of
whatever and then it'll be gone
yeah that's might have a far cheaper
season - that is very disappointing in
light of the amazing first season or
like a half of a season you know like
instead of 24 episodes it'll get like 12
episodes yeah you know what you're
probably right that's
Oh nope
that was the other thing about the
daredevil show by the way yeah it looked
so nice like if you compare the
daredevil show with like arrow or like I
was talking about that powers show for
that that was on that's on PlayStation
Network
yeah powers and arrow look like cheap
soap operas compared to daredevil
daredevil looks nice it has some talent
behind the camera it's it doesn't not
everything feels like a set like
everything in Aaron I watched the whole
first season of arrow just because in
general I enjoy the superhero genre so
it's like yeah if I can watch it show
about a guy who shoots a bow and arrow
I'll watch Batman with a violin bow and
arrow because I ask because I want
superheroes in my life right yeah
everything in the arrow feels like a
cheap set yeah and then you watch
daredevil and it looks so good I gotta
watch this daredevil now I don't want to
oversell it this is the thing that has
to happen you did does need to happen
you've already sold it it's too late
you've already sold it you've already
oversold it I've already oversold it yep
that's what we're gonna get that outside
I fight I my expectations are through
the roof you know what I completely
through the roof good it's happened it's
happened good you know what
fucking good anticipate something hope
for something maybe you'll be
disappointed maybe you'll be pleasantly
surprised maybe it'll be right in the
middle of where you thought it was gonna
be these are all possibilities that's
the middle of what ought to be that's no
good as my expectations are high the
show has to live up to them in order for
this success to happen uh-huh
you want to enjoy something you need to
keep your expectations low right then
spend occasionally you get surprised but
thanks to chat tonight the daredevil
expectations have gone through the roof
you know what good hope for something
hope for rich make it happen
be the change you want to see other
inspirational phrases you use hope to
torture somebody who's doomed that's
true we're probably not going to stream
Mortal Kombat X rich and I aren't super
fighting game guys I'm totally not
fighting game guy no see here's the
thing I see in the chat someone is
saying Daredevils great TV it's not
great Marvel Cinematic Universe this I
want good drama idea I don't want the
Marvel Cinematic Universe and that's
what makes it so great is it's so
different than anything else in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe
there are cusses there's blood there's
murder there's you know gore effects
yeah my expectations didn't go up until
I heard it was unlike yes
and here's the great thing about that is
something like this that's stylistically
so different can exist in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe this gives us hope
for good projects this gives us hope for
later I want a good gritty origin story
yeah
and you know what I think you're gonna
get that with this alright alright do
the rough do the great
I can't wait I can't wait for Wednesday
you like yes all right
you know I certainly felt okay about it
come on dude come on tiny barbarian we
talked about before yeah Star Trek yeah
that's a gonna have it I do need to kill
Oh Mike what the one other thing I want
to bring up about the future Star Trek
show yeah may or may not happen when
what will its continuity situation be
well it will it be part and personal
with the with the a brave aj abrams
verse or will take place the far future
of the JJ Abrams universe will will it
be a continuation they probably won't do
a continuation of like next gen Deep
Space 9 Trek I don't know imagine
they've gone past that you ask good good
try some thank you thank you because
that's that is the important question
with new Star Trek yeah is whether it's
Abrams go faster faster this yeah I mean
I would I would hope they would continue
next gen lineage just because that's
that's my favorite obviously but we've
they've they've played that universe to
that thing the next gen universe have
they I mean we've with with Deep Space 9
we've seen a torn apart and built back
up and deconstructed and reconstructed
they they need something fresh if
they're gonna do another show I'm gonna
say it should not be a continuation of
from wherever Deep Space nine and
Voyager left off is there is there a
universe for different timeline earlier
timeline or complete reboot or you
ignore any previous continuity that's
see that that's if I were making the
show that would probably be what I would
do
ignore any kind of don't don't worry
about the excuse of time altering things
just make another Star Trek esque show
sure
this time I kind of use the chicken
that's okay for a moment we're all for
speed go for speed just ahead of this
stupid camera but then like do you just
call that Abraham's universe because
it's the new universe okay whatever I'm
saying I'm saying you also have to sell
this to the studio you know yeah yeah
and so like to the studio you say like
oh yeah this is totally in the Abrams
universe but it's you know a whole new
experience the kids are gonna love it
you could technically take place in that
universe and be flavored and completely
differently
yeah do something with the movie
uniforms those are great uniforms they
need to be on a TV show like the the
Wrath of Khan Arab type uniforms and I
think those are my favorite Starfleet
uniforms Wrath of Khan that yeah but
well you know that in general them the
trek that the original cast movies
outside of the motion picture you know
what sure people or people just wore
whatever as long as it was pastel oh
damn it I did
I stopped to take a drink a beer and got
hit by debris because apparently you can
get hit by debris in this fucking
section cut damn it you know I'll fuck
you up game things landing on your head
things are landing on my head oh man
oh I think we've hit Metroid yeah yeah
there are now like little like slime
spewing slugmonsters okay okay we are in
a underground cave like area so we've
got yeah
Donkey Kong - Metroid oh dear God think
I'm okay with this what if I just want a
barbarian themed game I that's that's
the only thing you know I get I get what
they're doing they you know coming I
believe it is what the property right I
want to fight you know skeleton monsters
and what that I died what I did like
fighting the skeleton evil evil wizards
of all that kills you
yeah you know even the monkey was on
theme and and you could homage with your
monkey
you could don't quote me on this but you
could omage with your monkey reckless we
we streamed it once actually have played
volgarr the Viking yeah yeah it's neat
oh I don't know if I know sorry if I
said really I said rich like Oh
with you I wouldn't say I hate it I find
it interesting
I can appreciate I could appreciate it I
don't necessarily enjoy it oh that's a
big distinction it is Oh God
that was kind of cool apparently now we
are in Egypt land we are not in Metroid
we are in Egypt land and of slime mummy
just spewed forth those slime slug
things so I can be down with that this
games setting us ADHD a little bit I
feel like the first adventure had a
little more focus to it that's it that's
what I was going to talk about the focus
rich I got it that's that's excellent I
remember what I was going to talk about
I'm glad about thing I'm really glad
about thing too I was gonna talk about
danger five were you around when we were
talking about Dane the show danger five
no danger five it was is this really
amazing satire TV show that meant that
goes to ape the look of early 70's
italian film and it does so beautifully
all the exterior shots are miniatures
everyone's voice over is overdub all of
the action is a little ridiculous it's
it's great
I really recommended the first season of
the show danger 5 it's very funny
especially if you like old bad cinema
like we so familiar wasn't there a movie
recently that was kind of like a retro
sci-fi movie ok ok retro sci-fi movie I
don't know yeah I was made as a science
fiction movie that was made in 1970
whatever oh I don't I don't know well
you know people would be wearing like
watches in the future it was like you
know yeah no reference of anything like
an Internet right because they didn't
have that in the 70s yeah yeah I mean I
would believe it I don't know what
you're talking about
Jack help us out starship 76 might have
been it that's hardcore in the chat but
in any case danger 5 really funny show
on Netflix and the first season Apes
these you know 70s era Italian films mmm
the second season kind of bills itself
as aping eighties action movies and it
is an incoherent mess really what is
what explain I will
context in details context in details
well listen first I'm giving my thesis
statement oh sure now now we get the
context in details so like I said that
the suspense has worked and I would like
details that's all I'm saying oh great
it was a compliment oh great so like I
was saying with the pitch perfect satire
of 70s movies they they used miniatures
as all the exterior shots right in
season 1 they continued to that trend
with season 2 but that does not mesh
well with satirizing eighties action
movies because an 80s action movie would
never use a miniature as an exterior
right they kept to the overdub gimmick
and like the the big thing with the
first season was the characters were
always trying to kill Hitler it took
place during World War two yeah Hitler
is still the main bad guy in the 80s
movie or in the in the AIDS action movie
series which is very funny
but but none of the satire the the
biggest problem I had with it is none of
the satire is as coherent oh my god I'm
failing we're like they're they did an
episode that was supposed to spoof like
Oh a chicken that was supposed to spoof
like a DS high school stoner movies that
turned into like a murder Freddy Krueger
satire that turned into some other kind
of it's it's it's five different
episodes rolled into one and it's insane
while trying to keep the
characterization of the first season
intact while trying to keep some of the
visual gags of the first season intact
like the the use of miniatures you know
yeah characters died and like the jokes
are far more insane it's it's it was
honestly like painful to watch and I
really enjoyed the first season so
basically what I'm saying is they messed
up their satire that's the biggest yeah
yeah their satire and their jokes went
from like these subtle jabs at
filmmaking to pure insanity
that's the biggest problems
that's the biggest problems be guys you
got be guys rich oh my god I know I
loved it we have so many be guys what
it's midnight already midnight already
me as well but you know press so now
we're gonna see if there's a it's it
seems like there's a boss battle coming
up and it's like I'd like to I don't
know you you just ran into because
there's not yes there's not gonna be one
or two big us yeah probably I think I
think you've got a whole other segment
or two to go before you resemble you run
into anything resembling a boss I guess
I just beat a boss why has the level
still happening if I just beat a boss
that's a normal question what the monkey
yeah this is obviously a different level
set
where did my girlfriend go I beat the
monkey she's got better things to do she
does she doesn't she's my barbarian
girlfriend maybe she found another
barbarian you gotta move on oh my god
she's just not that into you that's the
twist is she found another barbarian
no bitch just you you saved her and that
was fine you know it was convenient for
her yeah but you know some other dude
he's got pretty sword
you know yep yep would were that I was
always worried about the size of my
sword but I mean I am a tiny barbarian
so it's like yeah it seemed it seemed
appropriate for me you know she's only
into big barbarians what well then why
did she let me save her like she seemed
because you were saving her she's not
gonna dump you in the middle of you
saving her she's gonna wait for you to
save her and then the dumping commences
I don't know that seems like mixed
signals
oh thanks that was as real nicely but
but you know we really have to have a
talk oh that bitch you know you don't
wait you know until before you slain the
evil wizard that's trying to sacrifice
her before breaking up she waits until
after that because she's she's not an
idiot
I don't know
I don't like her all right kill more be
guys why aren't you killing more you
guys I'm putting the blue you're letting
them live and they're fucking your ass
they're fucking with you there it's why
I fly at you so I think they need to die
before you can go on to make progress in
in they're just following you around
like like a bad suit I don't know that
doesn't make any sense that doesn't make
any sense
in previous levels it seemed prudent
just to kind of move forward until you
get to the next area it seems like they
have changed this up it seems like they
have changed tactics on me and so that's
when I was trying I was just trying to
move forward in hopes that I could kind
of right you know what I was trying to
do I was trying to bloodborne it gonna
run run fast the enemy to get to the
next level and obviously not working
super well for me
Gilroy max funk says these aren't beasts
they're wasps the you know what some of
the some of the new ones are they have
wasp butts
I think yeah boss four bucks you know
what kill remix Punk you're on the
trolley you are right on that trolley
wasps are assholes
that's true you know bees just want to
fuck flowers and go about their day
wasps though they don't give a fuck
these are like hey baby let's see what
we can do together
what I'm just watching why should you
get old by these wasps not saying I'm
not saying I'd do any better fuck fuck I
did play that one a little slower and I
felt better I didn't get any further but
I did feel out fuck I did feel better
about my performance I'm gonna fall in
spikes and kill myself on purpose
because it's just time to start this
level over I haven't done a very good
job
what okay here we go this is it this is
the run this is the run where it's
happening I can't see anything I'll have
to take your word for it
this is where it's happening right to
adjust my sweatshirt you know what we
need a sweatshirt on my head for four
hours now on Wednesday I need you to
bring your sweatshirt and your old
headset okay we need a picture of your
current setup before we before we can
upgrade before we can upgrade you we
need to know what you are living with in
order to provide us with quality
entertainment I think that's a
reasonable request
not killing it
well killing is this is going on it's
just not you that's doing the killing
that's the problem I'm not killing it
they're killing it
and it is me oh my god right oh this is
this it just means it's time to stop
playing video games I think it's time to
stop playing a video game I think you're
right I think it's been too long I think
my mom yeah okay we're done we're done
don't worry everyone we will get a
picture of rich with his blanket setup
and I will use that as our Twitter
picture for the Wednesday stream we will
stream on Wednesday things are gonna
happen thank you guys for coming out we
really appreciate it thank you to all
the new subscribers thank you to all the
old subscribers and thank you to
everyone else who just came out to watch
what we've always played that stupid
bread game fuck that bread game tiny
barbarian it's where it's at any of our
friends fun game fuck that bread game
but thank you anyway all right
