Jan 11, 2015
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, The Swapper, Crypt of the Necrodancer
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3692469
Part II: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3yAc6yiJA8
12:58pm: "Hack & a Half TONIGHT. 8:30pmCST Jack's feeling crazy, he might play Call of Duty... Send help." (archive.vn/WA71M)
7:58pm: "Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare WHAT! Now" (archive.vn/YnIVU)

[Part I]
Transcript missing

[Part II]
that was so boring yeah yeah that was
the boringest give me one second here
I'm really sorry everyone
I'm really sorry to play I mean no this
gave me a better understanding and I
think I am gonna try to play it more on
my own I mean I will I will try to play
more in room because I'm going to use it
in upcoming discussions I'm so sorry I'm
so sorry that you're going to play it
more I am I am alright hey it's your
life
alright this game is called the swapper
hold on I have to update the stream I
have to remember to update the stream
and I know nothing about it except for
he plays a spaceman and I got it for
free on PlayStation Plus we will play
crypt of the necrodancer at some point
probably the next stream just not
tonight
yeah I'm not set up for streaming he's
got everything set up the stream from
the PlayStation 4 right right because of
somebody's bright idea to play Call of
Duty advanced warfare it was my idea to
listen I wanted to try something new and
sometimes when he tries new stuff it
fails miserably
okay let's see what the swapper is
though I bet this looks this looks like
a fun game I like know nothing about
this so you play as a spaceman and I
think you have to kill yourself over and
over again
it's the PRD for some reason I read
begin as beg in you have to you have to
beg into the game it's not a plan please
please let me play you game don't send
me back to call of duty
it's not ironic torture beyond infinite
I was trying to play the game some
thought sometimes games are popular
because they're good and then you know
they're just like Gears of War I thought
was a decent game you know a little a
little bland but fun really satisfying
chainsaw through people and it was a
good game and that's why it was popular
but this was this was that was
mind-numbing this looks fun this looks
like like claymation almost
hmmm I see in the chat now is just
someone saying oh god we stopped playing
call of duty yes I stopped playing call
of duty I couldn't take
I will not talk like Michael Caine for
the rest of this dream it's a constant
to compensate for a call of duty torture
but yeah how about it just a little a
little bit on you just want a little bit
of British go for they want British now
I'm for so please mall Pisa is this a
British game is this a British caper
oh look at how adorable this is here
you're a little space bugger oh think
you're I think you're getting better you
do a little bit it's so terrible
oh look at this here I can jump but when
I press backwards I do a moonwalk do you
get it dig it it's a moonwalk I gotta
find a link to that was to st. Peter -
oh it's Peter Serafinowicz yeah he did
though the Michael Caine and pressure I
don't know the acting classes oh sure
sure oh yeah the sausage looks like a
cigar press to call the lift to use the
lift
oh great and it's oh my god look at how
adorable this little spaceman looks okay
here we go
now entering the venue it's weird that I
can't it's weird that I can't turn
around like if I walk to the left
it just
well I walk backwards like I don't turn
around you know oh okay come which is
very very strange I want to say that it
feels and OH
nope okay never mind I get it now oh so
I get it now you see it's kind of like a
twin stick where to look
I use the other stick it's a twin stick
side-scroller
what is this here Oh
what in the world is happening try
holding and releasing l1 or l2 in an
open space okay what rich there's two of
me now oh my god so down so down we're
doing British I guess I said Oh me beep
seam pillows oh me oh me bibs and
Biddle's lips impotence that's not real
they say funny Thanks oh my beep symbols
I like that
okay okay I get it so this is like a um
so it's a puzzle it supposedly Delia Bob
and do you said clothes of yours to
their death is that is that the deal
yeah saying yo close the door what's
going on some on that button there and
he presses it for ya
somewhat silly thing to do
well you got there
you got warned em clowns oh he looks
just like you are a molecular level
that's gray
I must interact with the memory terminal
I don't care about any of this
alright great hi this is cute at least
these are the worst British British
accents I never claimed quality
no we never claimed quality right right
real British like to create a clone and
swap it by using oh okay I get it I get
it
so now what I do so I can create a clown
and then swap myself form a clown and
Bob's your uncle
no that's Australian Bob's your uncle is
an Australian term by the way clone it's
not really you anymore is it
I think you're getting too metaphysical
over here we have to stop doing British
accent no no just just a friendly
heads-up
oh you can't make clones in the lights
how those accents are so bad I would
rather be a satirical cartoonist in
France Wow first of all excellent
topical burn excellent
she's the quality 100% quality good on
you chat good on you
all right we're swapping now we are
swapping do-do-do-do-do oh is this game
British is that why we started doing
British accents so don't my team yeah
suppose I did which is another lesson
that you should never do Michael Caine
but rich what do we do with all things
muster white-breasted wait what so you
sick I do it oh did push-ups if you
can't get or no golf yet only bad things
will come of this right away
I fired you I'm sorry
I don't know I want you tell me I won't
it it's a thing I want it's a thing oh
come here clone you tell me I don't know
what it is it's a thing it's like a ball
thing it's just a thing Apple rich have
you ever played need D&D; PC games like
Baldur's Gate no have you no no no no no
the answer is no oh all right you in
general are not a fan of of RPG ish I
like RPG elements but I can't stand a
lot of things some RPGs I can't stand
waiting you know there combatted the
combat itself usually isn't too great
usually just tedious clicking on the
best attack over and over again but we
all know this this is all old news and
there's no point in me going over that
again rich what game do you think
revolutionized the way we play games the
most pong what pong pong yes pong is
what you're going with
I'm going with pong what do you have
with a pong Jack what do you have
without pong I mean you're I think
you've thrown a lot of assumptions
around about pong what what do you mean
what do you what do you have with that
pint you have like everything without
pong what did pong do first you have
nothing without pong it was first
you don't have the video game explosion
you don't have consoles you don't have
PC games or anything without pong taking
off um you know that's fair enough yeah
technically pong wasn't first but it was
popular first so therefore it's the most
influential or change the game pong was
fucking everywhere pong was everywhere
absolutely pong was everywhere paw was
the entire industry for like years
then after pong pac-man is that that
that that introduces like characters to
a game story
this is suddenly it was a little bit
more than just bleeps and bloops it was
pac-man and the ghostly that band I want
to let you know that if you're saying
Super Mario Brothers you would be wrong
it would be pitfall good phone it was as
far as the next revolutionary step
pitfalls where you get side scrollers
Mario basically comes out of that I
don't disagree with you it's it's tough
to know where to draw the line because
of course you know like you said pong
wasn't the first but it was just the
most successful on pitfall yeah while
very successful was no Mario Brothers no
and so it's it's tough to know where to
draw the line I mean here's a question
because I'm not sure of the answer do
you have super mario brothers without
pitfall that's the question we're
talking about which one changed the game
if you would not have had Super Mario
Brothers without pitfall then I think I
think pitfall gets the credit that's a
good question I don't I don't know the
answer who would not like who developed
pitfall is the question an American
company yep then then you might have
Mario Brothers without pitfall
they I don't know I don't know oh I
figured it out figured it the fuck out
that took me way too long
crate I would say you would have Meyer
brothers without pitfall just because
the two companies had very little
interaction and while pitfall was first
and influential it was I mean it was
nowhere near the success and it did not
have the reach of Mara Brothers so I
mean you're talking about game changers
some some changes are more incremental
than all of that it's like you know what
what led to Group Fandango King's Quest
or Zork you know I'm gonna say venture
games just kind of slowly evolved are
they what was the original question rich
yes something like that you know but can
we just talk about babies can't change
your kind of thing can we just talk
about the gameboy yeah game changers
like a portable gaming system that had
somewhat you know who said that had
graphics of some kind where you could
swap the game out like fucking hell and
you're talking like game changes
especially now in a in a market
dominated by mobile games like the
Gameboy it was the biggest game changer
that created a new industry within the
game
sorry what did that even make sense I
don't know sort of the so did the Atari
so that well yeah the Atari was was big
but just in general mobile gaming oh
hello hello hello that was weird
that was creepy
so that's that's my personal shoutout
Gameboy that's all I got
yes all I have to add to the
conversation is is there anything to
talk about Jack right now yeah no I come
out I'll be 100% honest if you call dude
it kind of killed my mojo really come
come
you gotta get back Jack it's only it's
only 10 16 is it really it feels like
midnight I know I know you made the
wrong call and I gotta tell you Jack I'm
not I'm not packing up my computer again
to head back to the studio that ship
that ship has sailed
here's what's probably gonna happen
because this game is far too boring yeah
and like we don't have the Mojo from
because it got killed by call of duty
huh break is if we're gonna take a break
and I'm gonna get crypt of the
necrodancer huffing I'm gonna break this
is the neck because this is just way too
boring right
hey this this is a really fun game I
want to say I'm enjoying enjoying this
game but not for the stream Oh
I just want to mention like the art
style of this game is wonderful and
beautiful and hilarious that is all good
game bad game which is not a stream game
what's your call on the game yeah I like
I will play this more actually I'm gonna
get this for this this would be a really
great hand you know Vita yeah I'm gonna
download this for my Vita cuz it's also
free for me yeah this is a great like oh
just solve a puzzle take a break you
know ten minute juncker game yeah you
know it's one of them chunker games okay
good okay so for everyone in the jet I
am gonna shut down the stream I'm gonna
I'm gonna stop but it'll be back up oh
actually I suppose I don't need to stop
the stream you can do okay
yes well it'll just take the word I'm
gonna take a break to eat a sandwich you
take a break I'm gonna alright you take
a break rich homie I'm gonna meet you
meeting my Subway sandwich god damn it
go eat your Subway sandwich I'm gonna
I'm gonna hang up on you okay and then
call me back when you're done with your
Subway sandwich I will do that all right
okay everybody I'll be back oh good he's
gone sometimes I have rich Evans I can
say that cuz he won't listen back okay
so here's what we're gonna do first
we're gonna turn off the ps4 turn off
great then what do I need don't forget
to change the twitch title thank you
thank you Jeff for reminding me griped
necrodancer
you done okay
streaming machines okay we are playing
crypt of the necrodancer this is what we
are doing because that will be fun and
that's it that is what we are that's
what we're going for we need some fun
stuff to happen all right hold on for a
second I need one I need a cable I don't
have with me
you
okay Call of Duty was a learning
experience we all got to experience it
exactly
jonbi 8:20 you know sometimes sometimes
sometimes it can be wrong I didn't I
didn't want to be that person I'm gonna
give it a chance give it a chance
without whoever was the person who
decided that all connectors needed to be
on the back of a computer that person
needs to go away I hate that I hate that
person I want all my connectors in the
front of my computer jack I should have
played world that war yeah I know my
Mike stone I'm talking you could have
given I could have given it a chance on
my own time but you know what if what if
it was super fun and you guys really
enjoyed it then then I mean that
probably wouldn't have happened but what
if what if it would have what if it
would have been that's a different tune
and like I said I mean I just need to do
it and I don't have the time to do it
other times so this is how it happened
okay
crypt of the necrodancer no I already
have it done great hold on it might be
loud right through that way downs just
in case it's super loud play play
oh yeah Jesus Christ that's love they
told me I needed more training
cover your ears everyone cover your ears
Jesus that is loud Jesus Christ my ears
stop it stop it get out of here
ow okay
taking a wild load done oh how she there
we go done okay now we have to get back
over here
I'll tab back over here turn this up a
little bit for you guys okay how do you
guys hear the music now do you hear the
music this is important that you hear
the music this is important that you
guys hear the music obviously its rhythm
game
okay music is good yes you can hear the
music great so like we talked about
during the episode the important thing
with this game is that you move to the
beat and you get all these different
rooms where you can unlock stuff and I'm
just gonna start playing because I kind
of love this game audio is fine great
always pet press F when I want to pay
respects
yes J I always press that how long have
you been here were you here for the call
of duty madness
cuz that was dumb that was dumb of me to
play but hey we tried it anyway
now this is a great game
I've been doing this a lot more already
want that Apple want that Apple more
than anything else help the very
important
Oh son of a bitch I forget about these
things
I forget how to play this game mostly
you know you don't need a ton of rhythm
to play this game it's very forgiving as
far as when you hit and when you don't
very very forgiving if rich can play
this game you can play this game
rich is eating or if rich is eating so
you can just get me for a little bit but
he'll be back don't worry you can talk
to me though I have the chato want the
fuck indeed Dedrick chariots thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
welcome to crypt of the necrodancer
white boi riot
nice nice doin grave
so yeah this is the thing with that game
with this game is you have to kill the
bad guy in order to get down to the next
level but you need to explore the rest
of the everything you need to explore
everything
oh shit then hold on I see that did me
the the stream is messed up for some
reason
hold on there we go sorry about that
everybody I apologize profusely
okay here
so I think betrayal is streamable I
don't necessarily know what betrayal is
so I'm gonna say no what is betrayal you
tell me if the trail is streamable
because I don't know what it is
all right
shit the only bad thing about this game
is I want to I just want to play and not
talk to you guys so I'm gonna try my
best
damaged as you want
to change his golden lock sure let's do
that
great
I play this over Call of Duty be an
infinite me too me too
a million times oh man hey you see in
the lobby oh yeah we unlock different
characters and whatnot
no this Call of Duty that was so effing
boring
there was just no story there was no
nothing
there was no nothing
okay but this there's dancing tell us
your strategy as you play good weapons
to guys sure so you start off with a
default a knife in this game and it has
very low reach so number one priorities
always get a better weapon and right now
I have a backpack which just lets me
carry extra stuff
this is a deadly conga line
and you have to be very careful with the
conga line because the beat is off that
was a deadly conga line and so you have
to the important thing with this game is
listening to the beat and figuring out
how the enemies move but now we can
unlock some stuff on black chest four on
black chest usually have weapons in them
so as I collect diamonds I unlock more
and more stuff right now I'm just
playing the basic levels while boss
Master I'm waiting for rich to get back
and really just a warm up up stupid
monkey
and keeping up your multiplier as much
as possible in the early levels to make
sure that you can get these weapons I
want that spear so we're gonna want at
least 40 bucks spear hits for two
directly in front of you and that's the
real thing with these weapons is getting
far away from your enemies
nice all right couple more coins and
we'll be able to get that spear great
not doing great doing great but that's
how does local co-op work I don't know I
didn't play local co-op
getting torches allows you to see
further so obviously those are very
important as well another thing which I
didn't do is go exploring before you buy
stuff at the shop I don't like the whip
rich really likes the weapon I don't
understand how it works but explore
before you buy at the shop because you
might get a free weapon and I already
pay for them so
rich is playing FTL now of that bastard
he said he was eating a sandwich he
needs to get his ass back to the stream
I started to rely too much on him it's
been so long since I've done a a true
Jack Soloff stream then I don't know how
to carry myself anymore I'll figure it
out
I will figure it out
drumstick is a healing item very
important because you will need it in
fact I'm gonna eat my Apple
Lucchese healing item
oh geez the one thing you will notice
immediately is how fantastic the songs
are I am honestly in love with this
soundtrack I am hopping and bopping in
my chair
and so yeah like I was saying the
important thing is just finding those
enemy patterns and so the blobs are easy
they move pretty the bulbs are easy
they've all moving patterns but then
there's that little ghosty thing that
would follow you so you had to kind of
trap it too you would get close each
thing has its own unique pattern I have
good money I want to find a shop
yes
move and dig
that sounds great oh my god that's great
that's great yeah getting rid of these
blocks is crazy important and you can
often find hidden stuff in them so this
just demolishes them for me instead of
having to dig my way through great my
rich big rich Evans did I just see you
had an option to buy the titanium
broadsword and you didn't take it no
that was an obsidian sword and I didn't
it looked white the obsidian one is like
blue it was not a titanium broadsword no
I have a spear oh I don't know maybe
listen why are you why are you not
playing on hardcore mode you're doing
everything wrong I'm gone for 10 minutes
jack I'm warming one I'm warming up it's
been a while since I've played and I
haven't unlocked everything on my
windows side yet so just you know
unlocking stuff so maybe you could take
a minute and settle the fuck down just
I'm loosening up my joints here oh crap
I hate the monkeys yep
but I have a diggers helmet which is
awesome yeah except when they open up
areas you don't want open up and
monsters can get at you there's some
downsides the helmet sure I'll go ahead
and believe you and I can't believe you
spent $40 on the normal spirit I needed
a better weapon I didn't have a weapon
you could have gotten that whip Jack I
don't like the way I don't like cuz I
don't understand how it works it's got a
three tile reach I don't understand how
it works
so it confuses me does the knight
horribly confuse you in chess yes yes it
does what's in that yeah there's the
thing you can Bob there's a crack in the
wall yeah I'm I'm clearing out stuff
okay all right oh I haven't got yet I'm
just clearing out well what if there's
like a great weapon in there that would
help to clear out much better
I can't believe Jack yeah what why are
you doing everything wrong cuz I always
do oh my god oh my god there's them
there okay yeah there was a great item
what I got the golden bow and arrow Oh
what did it cost you three hit points
but I had a drumstick
so it basically cost me nothing it cost
me a drumstick nice yeah three Wow yep
oh that was great so basically I'm
winning this game now which is great
I don't care about you
okay great so now let's get out of here
because I got everything I need
where's the exit again finished you're
right I could be wrong right I did just
pop back in oh I'm at the end boss
already Oh deadly conga line again did
you not pick up the pickaxe no oh you
got the diggers hello everybody
nothing matters you're not playing hard
comboed it's gonna all be over after the
conga line
yep say something I've discovered
hardcore mode is where it's at
of course oh yeah like I said this is me
just warming up get my fingers all
nimble so I won that one that was great
I've unlocked a new character I sit like
I still have stuff to unlock here you
know you can still watch things and hard
carbo
well I guess you can't no just don't get
diamonds I have stuff to unlock I like
the crown with thorns yeah a friend of
Lorne's - I've got it I get this gold
ring cuz I can I should do the daily
challenge sure I haven't done yeah it's
just you know what you know what you
know that is right yeah yeah it's just a
daily CD that everybody plays the same
layout once a day you know I agreed
come here you stupid bat I hate you
I hate bats now as you can see in
hardcore mode chat you start off with
much much less health but everything you
you gain carries with you to these
subsequent levels so you can you can get
like a snowball effect word by the end
of the zone 3 you're doing pretty good
for yourself oh you got the plus the
plus one boots of ass-kicking yes I love
those those are great oh and the shop
okay great there's a good sword in there
or you know just a sword no there's a
sword in there so if I can earn some
gold now how much 125 not I mean a
standard sword
yeah send your money you'll find
something better in the next stage just
don't want the knife I got this stupid
you'll find something better than that
sword in the next level and you'll wish
you had that 125 dollars to help you buy
it no fine you'll find like a titanium
something or other a titanium spear and
you won't be able to buy it because you
bought that you bought the gum sword
yeah and you're probably right it's
actually called the dumps or the I don't
think it's called the down sword
okay do-do do-do-do-do-do what is it
downlines
myself will be doing any more mario kart
streams and i know jack loves the mario
kart so i have to imagine that at some
point in the future or are you done with
mario kart jack oh I'm never done with
Mario Kart
all right things are happening yeah we
will do a marker scream again at some
point might have made a bad call with
defense no Jack I might have done the
same
you know if you don't get health I mean
it's completely meaningless cuz you're
dead in one hit no matter why you're so
low health but if you can find some
hearts that's it's a fine thing yeah you
know take a chance take a chance every
now and then I agree oh this music is so
fucking great huh
sound like you just figured that oh no I
know this very well I know how great the
music is I just I got reminded because I
haven't played this like since our
discussion what the fuck indeed oMG and
ER um Eggman derp thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
though you probably should have spent
the five money on a $5 and like a vowel
another vowel to damage as you walk what
I you'll you'll lose health just by
picking it up oh no okay we don't want
that
no beats move anytime what is that
oh you don't have to worry about moving
with the beat you just do it actually
throws your game off exactly yeah
exactly what I was thinking
and the I wouldn't get the obsidian
armor I think what you're wearing this
purple putter dumb with you but there is
it oh I got a lunge sword for free so
that's something what it's like what I
tell you I mean not my favorite weapon
but I'll take it up that's true
shit
uh-oh that's right I have the boots of
kick-ass hurry yeah I was thinking to
myself man I beat out fuck oh Jesus
although the lunge sword too does one
extra damage Oh des ich yeah nice so
you're getting three all said and done I
got I need some help up in here
we took that gamble sometimes there's
stuff in boxes I want to say yes was
there was a heart container with one of
the updates there is now always
something in a box oh yeah it's not
always sometimes it's a monster oh
there's always something in a box I got
a heart container good that was needed
oh and if your attack is high enough you
don't need a bomb to open the crates you
can just black them open with the sword
I uh I died yeah oh you died I died why
when I went to a gold teleporter not
knowing what it was and it was fighting
monsters oh I thought the gold
teleporter was like a shop why didn't
you use a bomb on that anyway it was a
dirt crack ow ah
what you guys the the you the the door
for the monsters the portal yeah use the
bomb to get at it when you didn't need
to oh my god I did you know what I'm so
used to seeing them in stone get on the
trolley jack yeah not gonna get on the
trolley I'm gonna go to zone 2 zone 2
you're giving up in hardcore mode
alright alright not giving up
it sounds that way to me getting my mojo
back is what I am doing
damn but I want to play crypt of the
necrodancer now is this a game this is
this is an infuriating night for me I
was saying we should play this as a
group but I didn't say I didn't say we
shouldn't
when I said we shouldn't play as a group
I don't think it was this though
oh that's right you were saying we
shouldn't play XCOM as a group
well the next one there's gonna be I
think things to talk about next comics
I'm almost add cyborg person what Bab
ruse cyborgs
I remember all these enemies yes this is
the greatest game oh you know we should
now would be sir oh the daily challenge
cuz it'd be the same for everybody I
could do it then you could do it ha ha
ha
well you know ru and then me but the
other one person couldn't watch right
yeah that's really funny
oh yeah that's great at them
man it's just like playing this game
feels very right you know like and it's
something you can do very easy very easy
to get into you
you know why the music it's like FTL
you'll be playing at game of FTL for a
couple hours yes a little bit longer
maybe even this like ten minutes
you play a full game yeah uh yeah
what I'm sorry I'm lost in the beat
mister shy smile wants to know if he's
died yet in my ex come team I've left
that safe I'll alone I'm only going to
stream that one so if if you weren't
dead when I left off you are still alive
I actually that stream actually put me
back in the XCOM mood so I started like
a new game after that
ha ha ha have you yep so you you are you
are safe if you were safe when we ended
with no don't worry don't worry
and it's Rich's game so you're gonna be
fine if it was my game then you'd have
something worried about oh god yeah
it's up to you if you want to try those
boots out now why didn't you buy that
armor what why didn't you buy that armor
Oh cuz I haven't been nailing the
multiplier well it's better than nothing
I suppose
rich I'm just getting into it now I'm
not playing for real yet also you don't
you could do you could buy that armor
and then you can go into the transmute
thing and how we already use it
I already transmogrified things and you
know what I was just telling people
people were asking for like hints like
tactical secrets earlier and I was like
Oh before you buy anything at the shop
you should really take a look around
first and I have been not heating my own
advice just let it all know looking
around first if you got the money to buy
something and there's something you want
I say just buy it okay that would be
yeah me personally all right all right
let's see some hardcore mode now yeah
let's do some hard Jack is movie Picard
Rich's TV show Picard because I kill
people is that why you say that it's
kind of funny yeah kind of funny they
get it
they know they villain time they're on
the trolley is that what you say now
yeah that's that's so five minutes ago
the trial goes five minutes ago I don't
I don't say that anymore I just
okay
okay for shop
can't afford anything anyway but you
shop
are we going to get a prereq dance-off
episode when Jack gets a dance pad
hooked up no and furthermore no you know
they know what cheaper shops they bring
of cheaper shops
I got cheaper shops that's one of the
things available for sale we're in this
or really that you love yeah the purple
ring oh is that what that said yeah
Christ
okay well then I'm gonna use a bomb
and grab all this go whatever I'm
impatient
you got have you gotten a monster
shopkeeper yet as part of the last
update the monster shopkeeper yep every
rare now and then when you walk into a
shop the shopkeeper is secretly a
monster and he will try to attack you oh
my god I hope not
if you beat him you get everything in
the shop for free oh hey kid I think
that is great
that's really funny you can murder the
shopkeeper normally but then his ghost
might come at a later and kill you oh is
that true yes I've never been able to
murder it every now and then I've done
it every now and that has well it only
happened once because I died but one and
a half times defense thanks for spoiling
that it's in the release notes of the
game come on spoiler it's a gameplay
mechanic
I mean just quit spoiling things that
are readily available knowledge all
right see that $250 armor is normally
500 so cheaper shops is a good thing to
have I'm with you oh fuck I died
this is why I wanted to play a little a
little light mode first get my finger
mojo working but rhythm there's rich oh
why aren't you playing the hardcore mode
hey hey you're just not up to the
challenge it's true I'm not not right
now I'm still impressed f to pay
respects mode I'm still in soul-crushing
mode and you're just letting multipliers
drop left and right
oh my god yeah I cuz I'm out one died
I'm not warmed right into this game it's
like riding a bike I don't know rich we
have a subscriber
scantron the immortal thank you for
subscribing scantron yeah scantron the
immortal that's his name Jack missing
you missed a thing - you're right
somewhere but that's okay you're well
past it not only does it the way so I
miss the thing in tomato there was some
good a hidden room yeah going back no
you know God all right there's gold
who the shrine apiece you don't have
much that I have take the shrine cuz you
got a you get an extra hurt for that oh
I got an extra too hard too hard
oh they improved it gotta take the
shrine early on I wouldn't do it if I
got some good weapons it resets you back
to normal
oh is that what it does well shit good
thing I takes away all of your your
items gives you the normal you know
shovel and the normal dagger but you get
an extra couple hearts okay
there's a shop there's a helmet which is
nice and there's a spear which is nice
so let's see if I can kill a few more
enemies and get back to that shop might
not happen what was in there I say no
yeah I wouldn't I wouldn't lose sleep
over the helmets getting us
can't afford it anyway and that's fine
we're just getting out of here do items
only appear once like if you pass up on
like that helmet will it ever come back
in the later level in another shop this
is something I haven't noticed I think
that's a good question what the fuck
dude tattoos thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
now do you give dudes tattoos or are you
a tattoo of a dude but he just does
tattoos of dudes yeah of dudes are for
dudes I guess that's the real question
yes I feel like I'm doing terrible if
that helps you well you feel like you're
doing terrible because you're doing
terrible there's a reason for these
things
okay welcome in at least we got that
going for us
am I too harsh on you Jenna let me know
I'm not trying to really picture
I'm just trying no I think it's funny
that your harsh but I thought just no
you know I've been a real dick to Jack
pretty much all night no I guess listen
I get it I get it yeah oh yeah I did
that because I was John's no I did that
oh oh
rich I did that on purpose I just didn't
want the run anymore no I was done I
wanted to go back to I wanted to go back
to easy mode for a little bit
like I've ever seen the glass key before
what does that open I don't I haven't
seen one in hardcore I'm not I know I'm
just saying is that something that's not
in hardcore for some reason that is
something that it's not a hardcore cuz
it's an unlocking thing it is an
unlocking dealy one of those things that
you unlock can't get any event jazz back
to it I think I might need to like
recalibrate my keyboard can I do that no
shut up well you can you can you
actually can and I think in this I think
we're like you have to sync it up with
the heart yeah I don't know how you do
that again
but yeah options
maybe latency calibration okay all right
guys we are on some hot calibrating
action it's pretty exciting
call of duty I'll be honest with you
kinda is press F to calibrate why don't
we give it a try what I wanted to see if
it was bad as as I always thought it
would be it was
it's a shame cuz it looks so nice yeah
well I mean I never liked the gameplay
on that so look as nice as it wants but
I'm assuming it's still Call of Duty
which is kind of eight not terribly fun
shooter which is multiplayer focus right
but it's just like all the time they
spent
on making that game look pretty you know
yeah it's basically wasted next-gen I
mean look in three years people will
think it doesn't look that great on hold
literally Jen things go bad I mean it
just basically just means that like it
will be forgotten the entirety of the
column the entire franchise is
disposable
yeah by its very nature there's a new
one every year every six months is a new
Call of Duty you know what rich you are
right oh my god I've fucking I'm fucking
fell oh my god what's ringing do you
have I'm just I'm just I don't know I
don't know what's going on I'll be
honest with ya
I'm my head is not in the game why not I
don't know that's a good question
I'm not playing in my head is in the
game yeah but it's easy for you you're
not playing I can't explain to you why
my head is not in the game but it's not
I'm trying I'm trying to get there
denne denne ah teeth shrub
head not in the game get in the game
head I don't know why is my head not in
the game I don't know I don't know how
long's bones did she played this I mean
I haven't played this since our
discussion so been a little while it's
been a weeks
yeah I should kind of shocked you
haven't played at all since then I've
been editing the episode I've been
working rich looks like I'll play it
like few minutes here in a few minutes
Sarah I'll do like a couple runs very
far if I go to the studio still do a
hardcore run this is the the real thing
is I need something on a council or on a
different computer I guess I could play
it on my laptop because like there are
moments when like I'm rendering stuff
out or okay they're exporting and I
can't and I can't use my computer for
stuff like this
so I suppose I could like get it on my
laptop
hate this whip I just don't understand
the LP I don't understand how big the L
pattern is exactly like the night inches
dance is an album 1 1 over n 3 down 1
over 3 down or where I guess yeah two
down for your static it's like the Ellen
Tetris you're the Ellen Tetris yes yeah
I hear it whoo yeah whoo yeah whoo dad
Betty
oh fuck get in the game head see this is
why a group trims what this game would
have been better just cuz like then I
could have been like rich you play you
do good at this why don't we do that
there's no reason we can't I don't know
you're right I hate to call the stream
so early I want to call the stream just
because I I want to make something very
clear Call of Duty has killed my love of
video games for the night is there
anything else you'd rather play I don't
know I don't know I find binding of
issac no I'm still Sookie al
I haven't played you know what that's
the other thing is I haven't played
binding of issac in a week because you
say yes debacle and ever I keep looking
at it just wanting to play it and I can
I'm too hurt still
well if you want to call that's fine
that means I can just go play the neck
reduce I think I might I think I'm like
going right I hate to I had to come up
this early just talk about something
right you guys just want to hear this
music in the background and have us talk
about stuff for a little bit and I'm
okay with that I did real-world rows I
did play call of duty and it killed my
enthusiasm for games here's an idea
yeah somebody in the chat kind of
mentioned I rolled up I missed it
okay no prizes but pictionary I'm saying
I'm doubling that's if you want to do
that you don't you don't we game of
Ricky oh-ho-ho quick you I was Jay in
the chat yeah no I do
oh yes that's exactly what I need take
the birthday boy you're right I need to
go get biscuit and it'll be a biscuit
stream only I streamed the magic if all
the moral of the story is always listen
to Ricky's ready to go you have ready to
go I know you were you were ready to go
Jack's like no I don't really call of
duty man like I got those great ideas
like a click you know you call of duty
yeah I won't play call of duty what else
might get play call of duty
well it'll be this amazing thing is this
immensely popular game that I I'm sure I
hated a large number of people despise
but maybe maybe they're wrong maybe I'm
wrong ooh red-letter jay jay says he has
a stack of DVDs to get rid of for future
giveaways
that's great are they are they like your
movies or are they just random DVDs that
you want out of your house random DVD
you see one side of us house that's
really funny
but I'll sign them anyway yes rich and
Jay will sign the DVDs even though their
movies that they made are not a part of
I think that's hilarious
Jack's Call of Duty gameplay just shows
that he is clinically insane that what
who what behind evident what yes dick
the birthday boy that's exactly what
we'll call it we'll call it when Jays
crap I'm I'm feeling a little down I
know rich I know
games shouldn't make you feel that way
that's what that's what makes it worse
is knowing that I had a way out
beforehand and I chose poorly seemed
like it made sense at the time it did it
did make sense at the time let me let me
hold on let me check my calendar
real quick for something I wanna see
what Wednesday's looking like make sure
we can stream on Wednesday we'll do
something fun on Wednesday well we do
group necrodancer we can do yeah okay we
will be streaming on Wednesday will be
doing fun stuff on Wednesday and until
then I'll show you I'll show you how to
play hardcore yes ritual which rich will
do better I will practice my necro
dancing
we'll always have frog fractions you're
right that's true that's you know what
by the way that's true when we
experiment sometimes we have massive
failures like we had today yeah and
sometimes we have frog fractions
sometimes we get joy and sometimes you
know there are good times and there are
bad times but mostly bad mouse keys did
you do the song for that no I did not do
this song for them I really liked that
joke though I thought that was really
funny yeah yes Jack ruins everything
that's the moral of the story that's
what we should all know Jack ruins
everything all the time oh go easy on
Jack no don't go easy on me make sure
that I learn my lesson and never ever
play a Call of Duty game again our fan
base you you chat you chat our fan base
was the one that kept saying you know we
want the Triple A games we like the
triple-a triple-a play play games we
care about goddamn and not this indie
crap and that's exactly what happened by
Jack Jack just tried to listen to you
guys he was doing the best he could to
be entertaining by it by by listening to
the feedback and look what happened
should all be ashamed of yourselves now
things you've done to Jack know the
cousin want to play games anymore
because of you and don't I don't want to
play anymore tonight it's not it's not
this chat though this chat is fine it's
everyone else everyone on YouTube is an
asshole because we only play indie games
and this is why we only play indie games
because calm duty makes me not want to
play games wiki Wars go from Call of
Duty 2 red letter media that's hilarious
all right all right no this is gonna be
it we're gonna call it but on Wednesday
I promise
either I'll be happy or I'll have so
much caffeine in my system that I say
weird things that's what we'll do on
Wednesday okay I guarantee it all right
well thank you for coming out anyway
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all the old subscribers and
thanks for everyone who just came out to
watch depressing times what what no what
are you waiting for
