Nov 22, 2015
Rocket League, Bookworm Adventures, Pac-Man
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/29723827
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/29724572
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/29729393
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKWumFitjTA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMgb059ulQE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chzYKSpl5fw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/668545686326087680

[Part I]
they're they're sour sour sour
sugar-free strawberry mixed berry cherry
they're the version of like lifesavers
something or other but like they're from
Aldi but third sec the same shit they're
they're different fruit flavors I'm
gonna have two of them is that okay good
I'm all over no I just want two of them
and then you can have it back what I
just took two yeah and the rest that you
had your hands let me head your hands in
there right no I just took two man you
didn't touch anything else
you're are you like the master of
operation yes I'm very good at operation
get this this is the face I don't want
that my face this is the quality stream
as a warning and I know everyone's gonna
be very sad about this I'm not gonna be
here all night because I have a bad head
cold that's fine that is what you know
happen I think when you said you weren't
gonna be all right I thought you're
gonna show up later
Oh whoo Oh this hour oh yeah I like them
they have a bit all day they're like a
dollar or something so what what is this
game there's a couple different versions
of them to the the citrus ones are even
better what what the hell is this game
this is little Inferno what the hell are
you
I'm Karen um riches fiance I'm back up
in Wisconsin for a limited engagement
are usually engagements are limited yes
good I mean I'm up temporarily in
Wisconsin okay your shit together I know
I'm working on it but uh this is a
little Inferno and mostly you just set
things on fire and it's funny your bus
is on fire you set out for fingers on
fire you set nuclear weapons on fire in
different combinations and you try to
unlock get the right combination so you
can unlock more parts of the catalog so
you can set even more stuff on fire why
don't you show us okay okay
you too mr. sour I love them I love your
flower manager do you guys like sour
patch kids yeah I just finished a bag of
trollee
gummy worms oh good job I'm big on sour
everyone's all I need a sour thing yams
I'm you can't really overdo it too much
though because in your mouth start
starts exactly vary it up like every 15
years maybe oh it's not anyone
I'll bring fuck back back but hopefully
everyone is noticing our new emoticon
told chin old anywhere to make a fire
we gotta work on it science Mike fire
well so you just click on the screen and
then fire starts right and then it burns
burn baby burn and then money comes out
everything turns into money I wish I
could burn things and turn them into
money yeah unless it's less money than
the thing was worth and it's a horrible
superpower though I'm not sure if this
actually turns into my baby science my
conditions drag me okay
assume the terms and conditions or terms
and conditions burn those two here's an
envelope congratulations
I'm the legitimate purchase of your new
little Inferno entertainment fireplace
we have lovingly crafted each fireplace
to warm your home and your heart stay
warm in there we Miss Nancy corporation
that's nice of you miss lanten Miss
Nancy now excuse me I have things to
burn sees for coiner horseshoes probably
stupefied yeah is this like Jerry's game
I have no idea it's it's it's a thing
from Rick and Morty whereas uh there's a
Android type game you know and it just
blooms on the screen you just click the
balloons to pop them and that's all
there is of the game well you burned
stuff but you got to find the right
combinations of things to burn together
show me show me how this works
well we haven't gotten there yet we
haven't gotten it okay
even got cattle we're in tutorial all
right sorry alone sorry buddy all your
things that's okay
you can always buy more with your
brand-new catalogue Oh said that it's
not a cat Miss Nancy catalog yeah here's
the first person to burn a cat so we
open our catalog and right now we only
have three things open we have the
little Inferno collector poster framed
edition poster may lose value when
burned
yeah corn in the cob made with
all-natural high fructose corn syrup
also doubles as power fuel we can make
popcorn letterbox optional profanity
blocker accessory for easier parenting
get some corn I want some popcorn this
looks like it was made by the guys who
made World of Goo yes world the goo is
great well the goo is just it's like a
little gooey platform it's like made out
of tar any kind of marginally sticks to
this may sound like glitch or gitch oh
you know I think I'm thinking a kiss yes
that's what we should play too is gish
esque it was all a dream
somebody else's credit card shopping so
how do I get out of here what's X minus
and steam right and these you have this
on your your your oh yeah I have this on
my pad motrin an android-based tablet
and and romic pad motrin so an
electronic pad motor and we'll pop that
in there it's great and and different
things take like these are all open real
quick but some of the things you can
also burn spiders and fire tends to
spread something the thing like see this
is on fire and now this will catch fire
next to it are you you a pyromaniac
and look all this different stuff does
differ something like this just turns
into popcorn yay oh honey yeah that's
like a dollar instead of a coin
be honest I don't get it I'm look fires
burn you just burn things yeah but
what's the well you see you try to make
different combinations like someone
else's combo is gonna have to do with
somebody else's credit card bike pirate
combo probably has to do with the bike a
bike and a pirate but they get to be
more complicated so you try to do these
different combos okay I'm with you but
you don't necessarily know what the
common was our you know you burn things
someone else's combo it's gonna have to
do someone else's credit card and then
one of these five slots if this is
boring to you no it's fine we always
meet are we talking chitchat can can you
hand me your your your your Android
medic bad thing I want to I want to get
to the navigate to the chance I can read
it better for more so sure you two want
the Chromebook whatever I would go with
the Chromebook probably easier you're
perfectly welcome to use my tablet too
though
well will it be easier cuz enter the
Chromebook I'm gonna have to use this
touchpad thing you know how I feel was
it the touch pads rich does not like
touch pads well then find one of the
mice don'ts in one of the offices
somewhere else can you see what I'm
doing on this this thing that is not a
tablet do you see what I'm doing 720p
model it would have a touch screen but
I'm sitting here like an old man and I'm
trying to talk I'm touching the screen
on a laptop bong good dog good thank you
for the tip I would like to say let's
get the ball rolling I don't know if
that that means tip ball rolling or burn
ball is there a burn ball that we can
burn there's all kinds of stuff you can
burn burn burn and more burn let's burn
so I tried burning a few things with a
credit card
oh I think we got it all that money
flying up or was that the credit card
yeah the credit credit card money shoots
out of it
that's funny the school bus is a lot of
fun to burn little kids start screaming
and the bus like crashes in the wall yay
murder exactly let's see who you're
doing so great but don't worry your
little Inferno is not like other games
there are no points there is no score
you are not being timed just make a nice
fire and stay warm in the glow of your
high-definition entertainment product
but you can't do that forever there is
bound to be an end stay warm
miss dancing now burn it it makes me
warm and happy inside when you're
excited about something this game is
just just it's wrong but it's attractive
you've got this smile on your face
burning things and really it's charming
it's just German oh pyromania right well
that's that's the whole point of games
in general right it's it's escapist
fantasies that hopefully people don't do
in real life hopefully people don't
spend their and their real life burning
everything around them yeah I have in
fact never burned a school bus right and
so life and so you get that out of your
system with this yes and no channa I
have not seen Jessica Jones yet I'm
looking forward to it I have here I've
seen the first episode oh yeah
and so has Karen having Matt yes I know
it's exciting you not read the the alias
comics which actually I just borrowed
from him a hard copy and I'm going to
read them but yeah it was a little
disorienting like by the time you got
through the entire episode I could kind
of figure out what was supposed to be
going on you fed like three-quarters of
the episode going oh okay I'm okay with
that I have I have very high hopes as
I'm a big fan of the daredevil um hold
on just this guy you know just seeing if
this still works hi Karen hi Jack I know
that's just these guys just this guy you
know just this guy you know oh okay hi
just this guy you don't know I know you
know very well in the chat before
we know all of these we know all these
good close personal friends well for all
I know he could live next door to me
it's anything's possible we could shop
the same nursery so I have it all right
for the record Karen hates that audio
clip he's saying oh my god very nice
it's just a tip for everybody other she
absolutely hates it terrible Terrence
it's not my first time this is actually
the third time I've been on this chat
but most of the time I'm not here
there's a fourth there was the one that
you and I did without Jack mm-hmm you
and I did I think we've done hold on
Lord Belmont with the tip wants to say
Jay should see Alan Wake and deadliest
premonition notice that he says Jay
should see Alan Wake and deadliest
premonition not play because they are
like twin peaks' the latter is very much
so and very campy also Jay rich and Jack
need to play the 7th guest together now
we're gonna have to absolutely and Elm
atone 106 says it's not like I wanted to
tip you guys or anything G well thanks
for the tip elemental this is your
next-door neighbor and she wants to be
your pen pal is also has a little
Inferno fireplace like everybody in she
also sets things on fire and she sent
you a photo of herself should we burn it
well yes of course burn everything but
burn that too there are in fact like
sort of Easter Egg e things were certain
things if you managed to go to play the
whole game without all of your slots
because some of them are being occupied
by things that you've only gotten
letters and that you decided not to burn
no sure sure I've heard really good
things about Alan Wake we'll get the
sleeping Idol
Becca what we're talking before you too
far off topic Jessica Jones yeah what
did you think of Jessica Jones somebody
who hadn't read the cupboard oh she
already said that it was mildly
disorienting but you know positive
negative mildly negative but you know
honestly but you and you did ask to read
the comic I did has to read the comic
III I think the you know the the idea of
the first episode was just kind of to
lay the framework for everything which
I'm not sure if it did in the best of
all possible ways but it was okay I I'm
intrigued I would like to see how
further episodes go all right you say it
was laying the framework me just throw
everything out there well the comic
mechanic is all you know you don't you
don't hear anything about the purple man
until like near the very end you say
spoilers yeah I know almost nothing
about alias or jessica jones whatsoever
likewise I didn't know anything about
alien I really can't talk about it
don't tell well yeah i'm i do plan on
watching it i wasn't that I didn't hate
there the first episode I'd rather read
the comic yeah I think I think Jessica
Jones in the show is kind of a bitch
she's kind of a bitch and she's not
quite so mean in in the comic okay I
thought she was just kind of just crazy
yeah just mental real it relatively
speaking to her kind of power
counterpart
yeah thought she was a little mean I
shouldn't be able to anything you put in
there should be able to burn right well
I think actually any just about anything
will burn if you get it hot enough it's
just that you know usually building
bricks just don't get hot in them well
Oh God - the thing about siege warfare
hold on John kylo gave us a tip hoping
that I feel better soon thank you John I
will try to feel better sorry go on
Karen oh I was just watching to think
about siege warfare where they're
talking about how they set fire to the
walls and stuff and I guess when you if
you build a big enough fire like the the
limestone melts you build a big enough
fire like mimes
melts and runs out of the walls cool
apps crack and stuff that's awesome yeah
well siege warfare I mean you know it's
not very nice but it's kind of cool with
char Bush a giant battery did you guys
watch that documentary it was like a
kick-started documentary that is now
available on YouTube about the
difference between real sword fighting
and sword fighting in movies no and it's
a bunch of okay we're not doing it
they're doing that and the anonymous
says that rich and Jack should backseat
general Karen in FTL oh god that would
not work no no I in general
Karen likes rich at the moment and we
don't want them to backseat general too
much Oh God okay like get out of here
just select pictures oh I see it's a
little different on my tablet it I guess
you can you can the photo album you can
put like pictures from your tablet like
I could put a picture of you in there
and burn it at the time I just had is
this something you've done well when I
know but when I first got this game I
didn't have a lot of pictures on my
tablet so they were all like pictures of
my dog and stuff and I just like
pictures light over beefcake is is
donating some money to the bring back
fuck pod fund and I'm very very sorry
that I I forgot to do that fucking
relief fuck bot are fuck about emoticon
I sacrificed our fuck bot emoticon to
bring everyone these science Mike
emoticons oh okay and everyone agreed
that that was a terrible terrible
decision and I need to bring fuck bot
back okay I thought they were arguing
that that that you weren't saying fuck
it off or something I you know I usually
try to keep my cursing
not to a minimum but you know I try to
be reasonable with it I think if you use
it too much then power the power cool
bus Zoom Zoom Zoom where does it go only
the bus driver knows and I say I love
when you get excited and the bank giving
out pretend loan since the eighties and
a Miss Prime I get to make decisions
because I know how to make it motor
comes in rich doesn't know you know how
many fucks I give about emoticons yo
good you could count them on zero hands
oh she was a Firefly so soon as this
timer runs out I will send her some
Firefly
so that's why that's why Jack got to
make the decision Tim is staying because
I loved seeing Tim's face I think we
decided to get rid of the can of beer I
didn't even know we had a can of beer
emoticon right until we use it like the
other day when we were talking about
again
flaming spiders I mean what's worse than
regular spiders then jumping fight oh my
god oh my god that's horrifying that's
terrible
they're they're alive so I will get on
that tomorrow I will have some free time
and I will get our fuck body emoticon
back it's all gonna be great it's class
marver I know you decided to get rid of
Tim but I didn't decide to get rid of
him because look at that face I love
that face my favorite green thing the
fuck but no the green thing is hack
fraud do you see the guy's face there's
another robot here that that dungeon
master blasted and posted that's not the
guy with the red hood is the one that
they want to get rid of which is very
reasonable and understandable I just
love looking at his face and so I want
to keep it for me but the smoking
gameboy aka the can of beer okay
beginning you ready to watch the school
bus burn those are what school bus see
what the kids in it oh my god all right
that was horrified tell us from the dark
side yeah I do have actually a very nice
person but I have been known to see how
much I miss well I could make my sims
until they you should watch your place
it turns out that if you if you give
them plenty of food but they hate but
you if you give them plenty of food but
you deny them sleep or the ability to be
clean or anything you can eventually
make them miserable enough that they die
out of sheer misery oh that's great yeah
also in roller coaster tycoon you can
drown people who the lake which is
always kind of fun or you can build
rollercoasters that are grossly unsafe
and rollercoaster tycoon 2 you could
kill people with them but and even if
they were like dinghies they would
explode which is odd like what are they
filled with hydrogen people in an
amusement in the third one and the
fourth one should be coming out really
soon but the third one it's all crash
test dummies but they still scream so
you can like build slides if you build a
giant slide you build like a
thousand-foot of landscaping and then
you put like a thousand foot tall slide
on top of it you have it like in kind of
a shape where they launch off the end of
it and then you listen to him scream oh
no they fall like a thousand feet oh
that they bounce like 700 feet you know
what I mean there are so many people
worried about like violent video games
like first-person shooters like that's
ruining America all I say now is like
the people who enjoy the violence and
first-person shooters are probably lazy
because we can't wait like we're not as
imaginative as Karen is with her violin
so I build this rollercoaster to steepen
of egg fly off all right impression to
the lake murder people than us dummies
who just need to point guns at people
watching this bus
and she has the most smile on her face
ever seen it's like my favorite part of
the cave that and there's like an opera
singer and you like what you set her on
fire roses come out and stuff we see the
opera singer well I've gotten to her yet
okay you need actually learn more things
I have to burn things in the right order
which means that I have to like kind of
pay attention to what I'm doing things
in the right order right combinations in
ermine yes we are looking into hard West
which is a Wild West style
XCOM clone yes we are definitely looking
into them we are looking into playing
that and seeing how we feel about it the
big bank the bank is on fire I don't
think that's how it goes we don't need
no money let the mother he hopper n-- it
burn mother he ha burn that's the radio
in it they really have heat off yeah
that's kind of it's like a donkey
hee-haw Melling nothing is funnier than
die hard edited for television like
Apple or something you ice cream cone
head he's a purple lovin flapjack oh
she's looking - why the stream audio is
fuzzy
we're fuzzy we're fuzzy we shouldn't be
fuzzy we we did do a yeah that might be
your speaker's the notification for the
tips and subs are echoing because we can
hear them - oh yeah and then so like we
hear them and then our microphones pick
them up which then sends them out on a
slight delay so that's why they're
echoing the audio should not be fuzzy we
did do we do before every stream a test
recording where we record some of the
game we record some of us and to me it's
perfect I'm not we sounded fine I'm
sorry but your speakers it might be your
speaker bad and of course we just can't
calibrate for episodes it's an anomaly
in the space-time continuum that's what
it is that's exactly what
God rich is traveling back in time to
stop his past self from stopping 911
from stuff thank you
I think if you set the prior on fire in
the bicycle okay at the same time that's
what oh that's what it is
yippie Kay yay mr. Falcon Tiberius Kirk
I'm sorry it worked for us then that's
all we can test for and I'm very very
sorry that it's not working for you and
other people but there's only so much we
can do to test our audio and we cannot
make it perfect for everyone and I'm
very very sorry and it sounds like it's
perfect for some people which would make
it even harder because exec potentially
go in another room and stream it on the
car look it might be just fine I may be
the problem switch the problem could be
the problem could be twitch the problem
could be internet connections it could
be a multitude of reasons and
unfortunately there's no way for us to
kind of say it could be it's it's like
demonic possession is most likely twitch
is second likely our fault is like fifth
likely because it's definitely not our
fault we know exactly what we're doing
all the time okay they're like the
credit card and the bank it's got to be
one of them I don't know credit card in
the bank and the bank yeah that seems
like a good kind of yeah I mean if you
want to play it I mean it's not usually
a game that you sit there and play
through it's probably not that exciting
to sit there and that's got its moments
the plan is for you to have fun burning
things until you're done having fun
burning things yeah burning burning
things Lee never loses its luster
can we talk about the Hunger Games the
movie the movie you can which I don't
won't know anything about it but that's
fine Taran have you seen them the last
one I have not I read the books I have I
assumed guys I assumed you have because
I know you are an avid reader yeah I did
read the books I have not actually I've
read
two and a half books okay I checked out
the third one like I'm Kindle and then I
wanted to read something else let's put
it back I never read the end of the
third one but I was waiting when I
wouldn't they when they released they
released the first the movie version of
the first book and then the movie
version of the second book and then they
released the movie version of the third
book as two different movies that's
right so I like money yeah so I wanted
to wait until they were both out okay
and I I just haven't gotten around to
see okay bill the hekawis cannot talk
about Jessica Jones because there's just
too many spoilers yeah it's too it's too
early even even if all of us had seen
all the episodes it'd be way too early
to get into it because I will say this
much I've seen the first episode so far
I like comics better okay what did we
want to talk about about The Hunger
Games The Hunger Games was
extraordinarily violent in the book they
could tone down a bit for the movie
gobbledygook
wants us to know in his tip someday you
guys should try DC Universe Online it's
for the ps4 and it's free you Fox is
that like is that like a WoW with DC
heroes I think so that everybody be
Superman you win well Superman versus
Superman or sister Jean xavier can take
Superman of course
how about collect well oh no no you know
it's like this is Superman Superman
sometime is not a in the DC University
is not affected by psychics you know hey
you know what Superman is weak against
dr. strange then dr. strange could they
beat the shit out of Superman just
utterly murder him here's the thing is
Superman quote weak to magic or is it
just that he doesn't have any special
protections against it he's just as weak
against magic as everyone else is maybe
that's like a spell that would turn
Superman into a frog would also turn
somebody else no but it wouldn't turn
Superman into more of a frog when it
okay is that they maybe that's it he's
just he's not invulnerable to magic like
he's involved that's always been my
assumption I don't know if that's true
yeah he-man could be a Superman
oh he meant sucks he-man car cartoon
he-man he's a schmuck okay
I thought he meant main main purpose was
like softcore gay porn yes cartoon
Hemans main purpose is softcore porn
what are you talking about don't you
like my loin cloth and leather chest
straps hold on let me let me transform
into my everyday pink outfit
I'm gonna ride this tiger I'm gonna ride
the tiger very tidy haircuts I would
like to know what the breakdown is for
purchases that were buyer for children
and purchases that were buyer for adult
men go back to like rich enriches had
gay pornography is all about tidy hair I
have a very tiny haircut wood it's
scandalous
well well unless you're talking about
like the Bears then they're like you
know a Wolfman well you know but I'm
sure their beards are well trimmed okay
probably the chest hair is carefully
manicured shaved into art so many people
if anyone is offended by tidy haircuts
they can go fuck themselves
why does a viewership keep going down
and maybe bugs flowers and bugs oh yeah
that's good
corn sure farmer Jack there's no time
that isn't the right time to scoop that
in the opera singer that comes up later
sings that's the hecka I you know we
talked about this when we were when we
were discussing mr. max landis the other
day and some people brought up his
haircut which they find to be offensive
in some way ridiculous and I much like
Hemans very tidy haircut I don't care if
you have hair you can do whatever you
want with it that's your choice I don't
get the choice sure you do you wear a
crazy-ass rainbow wig like what a wig
sure but it's not my hair I don't have a
choice with what I can do with my hair
anymore that that has been taken away
from me I'm losing that of that
privilege it's it's a battle that that
you can't win rich you have to accept
the inevitability my options are limited
right now though because I'm on screen
with you all the time yeah so I cannot
shave my head you cannot no we cannot
have two bald men not that not that I
wouldn't look terrible with a bald head
anyway uh-huh I would look like Charlie
Brown well then you just gotta roll with
that and draw a little squiggle on your
forehead here's the thing rich I think
you will be able to handle a pull off
the George Costanza no I think that was
the worst look I think it's gonna look
great on no I do
no I refuse oh oh you know what fuck it
I'll work god damn I'm not I'm not I'm
not pulling the George Costanza I think
I think it would look good on fuck you
you do it you do it it's so great it's
it doesn't work for me it just doesn't
work for me
I've still got something on top the
that's what I'd like you if I grew my
hair out you have more than I would
right now mm-hmm I just have the crown
and it doesn't it doesn't look good when
I grow it out
note to self open trendy hat shot and
perhaps shop opened it trendy hat shop
and profit yeah you could do that
buy a pet rat and train him to sit on
your head whoo
wear a samurai cop wig that's oh I like
that rich go full Hulk Hogan and only
wear bandanas that'll be your thing
doesn't just wear bandanas his shtick is
that he's got that stringy blond hair
hanging out of the bottom exactly just
like my brother had for a while my
brother was like a metalhead kid went
bald young and for years he had like
this curtain of shoulder-length hair and
nothing on the top you don't want that
oh yeah and then he decided to you know
cut it short and he looks nice yeah like
the Captain Picard works like that's it
that's a look that works where you keep
a little bit of hair on the sides you
can see like if you look back to the
very first episode of best of the worst
that I'm on is when I had slightly lies
when I was rocking the Costanza I had
slightly longer crown ring around and it
looks terrible I hate it I hate looking
at it but you should totally do that
rich huh but you should totally do that
it'll work for you that won't I know I
think it would well yeah why you have a
wider head than I do you know I mean
there's always the option it's like oh I
don't like it let's shave all of that's
the thing but then I'm then I'm like we
got two guys on camera with a completely
you know I can't do that it would
destroy the space-time continuum
it would even you wouldn't you would
look at that you would turn on like one
of her videos now just be weird I was
like what are they go for like a weird
spaceman thing what is that way that's
what we would do just just put on silver
outfits put on silver house plastic
outfits we would change the sets and it
would because previously recorded from
the future in space
that's it previously recorded in space
those wigs like the judges in England
where oh that's exactly what we would do
if it ever came to that and it might we
don't know figure out what the
generations combo is I've burned every
picture together I think you can burn
three things at a time in stores how
many things can you burn at once as many
as you are have slots in your thing to
buy it once so like I think like it
starts out with like three or four you
can burn like six things at a time
oh it's very sure also it's limited to
some extent what you can afford to buy
okay but it's you know when you buy when
you burn stuff you get money it costs
money to burn stuff but you get money
when you burn stuff so yeah okay you
come out ahead all right yeah well we'll
wear v-necks so we'll find like silver
suits with v-necks so it shows like a
subtle amount of chest hair not like too
much to make it weird but just a little
bit like like a pump and should we also
buy a bunch of he-man action figures
silver spacesuits with Phoenix he-man
action figures and shaved heads but you
know what we'd have to go full-on commit
to the bid and also shave our eyebrows
shave our face head and eyebrows this
sounds like a terrible sounds like a
great idea is I guess that's what I'm
saying this sounds like a great idea
then that's exactly what's gonna happen
I guess we could just paint our head -
but then people will have like weird
rumors that you've got some kind of
medical condition that you guys are all
missing your eyebrow powder reviews game
leukemia gamers oh yeah whole stick like
that bill the hecka says for an April
Fool's prereq episode ritual shave his
head and Jack will have hair hmm what am
i shaved it it didn't grow back oh my
god I couldn't I couldn't do that I
couldn't do that quite a possibility
rich it's quite a possibility gaming
with chemo oh and and now listen to the
children scream what the generations Oh
tired and sad I'm so glad that you
watched Double Down
can you just bring time combo into
generations combo after don't cheat
don't you just experiment after after
our last stream I got in many tweets and
many comments of people who are fully
now converted to the Church of Breen
China has no idea well that's okay brain
or breathe breathe rich it is your
responsibility as a Brina light to
spread the good word of our Lord and
Savior though that you can do no wrong
breehn the breat breezes breezes loves
you and he's perfect in every way I
don't know if I can talk to you because
last time we talked about this if you'll
recall there was a schism in the church
schism yeah I don't remember in the do
ology of the brain you were a a single
single minded brain oh that's right you
believe in multiple Breen's yeah
well the two the two phases the two
sides of the brain right and there is no
two sides it's all one brain the whole
idealogy
and as we've discussed last time the
brain is powerful enough where he is
only one brain so you're right I'm I'm a
yuna brain if there may be as many
brains as he wants to be right there's a
man yes you hand me those sermons I need
to fortify myself there is there is a
man who made a movie ok and in the movie
that he made that he produced him wrote
and directed and started and started he
is the world's best computer hacker
secret agent cool guy that fighter jet
fighter pilot he does everything better
than everybody and he tells you that he
does everything better than ever and
everybody around him tends to agree that
he is the best at every have whatever it
is and it's it's it's one of the most
DoubleDown is one of the most amazing
movies I've ever seen Karen would hate
double down well you know it takes a
special kind to enjoy bad movies in
general yeah so I don't
you're right I'm more of an orthodox
brainian I understand that people like
bad movies for their badness and
occasionally I can like bad movies for
the badness but mostly I just rather
watch a good movie so you know that is
understandable Karen hates bad movies
she also hates oh my god I know
you know you know what that makes her
rich the counterbalance that's really
important know that I mean there are
some movies that are generally
considered kind of cheesy that I like
I'm a big fan of attack of the killer
tomatoes yeah
skeletal snuggles is donating to the
Church of breezes praise
praise be to the one true breezes and
fisted by dopes smoke is tipping us to
say place lay but what dopes smoke stood
by dope smoke would like to tip us to
say please play a different game rich
don't do it my wife almost divorced me
for watching Double Down sandwich that
they added yes sandwich you know what
that just means you need to know your
wife better like I explained the plot of
Double Down to my wife the next day and
it was laughing so hard while I was
remembering the movie but I would never
make her watch it she's not into bad
movies so Karen I know we've talked
about the Martian like the book with you
like two of the times you've been on the
show yep the Martian book but you did
see the movie I did see the movie what
do you think the movie I thought it was
a very good adaptation of the book it
was top-notch I mean yeah there were
some things that they had to sacrifice
there was less focus on the
interpersonal dynamics between the NASA
people there were a couple of things
from them from that I don't want to be
spoiling there were a couple of things
from the movie or book that figured
fairly prominently that were left out
but and and you know a few little things
that they changed like he writes stuff
and marker instead of Morse coating it
in rocks which you know things that were
just more practical to have on screen
one of the biggest big things that
weirded me out but I'm probably the only
person in the world who cares about this
the suits they look nice but why would
you have a suit that has fluorescent
orange details on Mars this sort of
thing makes sense in general having
things be hot orange because it's an
attention-getting Kadir color that you
know that contrasts with things but if
you want to be visible on Mars first and
orange isn't the color you want but when
you're like blue or green but when
you're making the movie it makes for a
very nice color palette
you know what the poster is very
exciting seeing him in that suit
the poster not on Mars your Mars you
gotta wear rust tones Karen people are
people are saying a flower or flowers
plus a clock flowers plus clock flowers
Oh springtime springtime I was just kind
of you know I gave up and I was just
pathetically doing one at a time but
flowers plus clock yeah that does sound
right that makes more sense
Thank You Chad pretty soon we're gonna
be able to unlock the second catalog and
burn more and different things double
down is on YouTube oh my god
you I mean it's probably an illegal copy
so I cannot really endorse it but I
don't think there is a legal way to view
double down at the moment just watch it
on YouTube is what I know I officially
cannot endorse it but you know but you
should see it link you can't see me
winking right now Marissa I can't
fucking control what you're doing there
I can't make it not there sorry about
that everybody
those are good yeah I don't know I did
yeah does anybody want to tell me what
the generations combo is so we can move
on to catalog number two o'clock
different stuff so that I see two family
pictures have you burnt those yeah I
tried burning the two family pictures
together
is it like a it's - it's definitely -
I'm trying right Raven Bowman says
spider eggs and portrait okay I don't if
you didn't couple of someone else's a
joke kitty oh oh one so spider eggs and
family picture - yeah I mean there's you
know what's the name of the other thing
generations yeah see I I mean I played
through this whole game I think there
was like one I couldn't figure out at
all and I went online and looked it up
but for the most part I mean I did but
thought eclis play through this game but
I did it you know a few minutes here and
there over three weeks just screwing
around with a little here and there
so it doesn't matter if you have a third
item in there it's not gonna freak out I
don't think it does but let's see whoops
I don't think I don't know if I burn
those together enough those by spiders
look at all the spiders what could be
more horrifying than jumping fighters
under after being born you get born into
a world of fire don't make me feel sorry
for them it's just a game I'm the one
who felt sir when I was little my mom
got me like this chocolate-covered
popsicle thing with eyes and I like ate
them and then I like felt completely
broken hearted and she had to put Google
eyes on it I'm focusing on the spiders
are icky look there add fire what can be
more aura fiying than burning spiders
better that baby spiders suffer what the
gobbledygook know would like us to read
from the book of Breen what was it
spider so sayeth the brain spider eggs
and there's a family picture faith
fateful findings is not repped by pan
entertainment for theatrical screening
if you know of an FF screening let me
know it's illegal so say it's Breen I
love them too but that that I think that
religion joke Brian out of legs running
on a seam running out of steam I'm not a
brain steam I think you need to have
more King James English thrown in there
right you know verily I say unto the
Asian you've run day we run jokes well
into the ground here that's kind of a
thing
ah yeah I think I give my other catalog
and yes more flaming dead spiders dying
spiders whatever spiders built Bert but
you know on the other hand you know
while they're born into a world of pain
they don't suffer for long they'll never
need therapy or antidepressant certain
whatever spiders have okay so then I get
my other catalog oh wait did I already
have second I don't even know but here's
the new catalog definitely buy this yeah
I gotta buy the new catalog wanna set a
raccoon on fire
raccoon plushie it should be suggest a
plushie Oh it should say trash panda
well but it does say you never heard
that there's like online they have like
they people have like taking pictures on
them some reddit or whatever and they
take pictures of animals and they put
give them different names okay
like the despite the snakes thing like
nope noodles and the and the Rays say
majestic see flap flap the raccoons say
trash panda which is like a I love it
yeah I I wholeheartedly endorse renaming
raccoons
to be trash pandas oh the space heater
is great this is like a really dangerous
space heater that set stuff on fire for
you well why would you want something to
set something on fire for you because
you just set it down and then it like
sets other shit on fire which is kind of
fun it sounds like the game is like
slowly encouraging you not to play the
game what is that oh just watch um is
that is that a muskrat eating a musket
it's a squirrel with a look-see okay so
now you've got your your space heater
you just set it there and then it like
overheats and sets other shit on fire
there goes the rabid squirrel a rabid
dog trash bandit this is horrifying
there is a dark side oh you want the
beginning credits or to close the
curtains man lives in the sunlit world
that's what he believes to be reality
but there is unseen by most a plate and
an underworld a place that is just as
real but not as brightly lit a dark side
what is always there waiting for us to
enter waiting to enter us until next
time try to enjoy the you never seen the
ocean it's great Jackson baby
he's few years younger than us and we
were pretty young when that came out
like like jack knows what a Power Ranger
is ya know I have a Power Rangers shirt
you you ever like give a Power Rangers
shirt and I was like yeah it came to
loot crate all I know is somebody said
it was Twilight Zone with boobs or yeah
boobs I'm interested in this now it was
a very cheesy kind of lame like one guy
he was like dead and you didn't want to
admit it and then somebody put pepper on
it in his handkerchief and he sneezed
off his no wasn't honey believed he was
dead it was just really cheesy kind of
horror themed weakly to evening TV show
but the credits are just this this shot
of the woods and then everything like
turns black and white and and then now
just going bad lives and the sunlit
world of what it's got great credit so
that's it was mostly all it has going
for tales from the dark side the one
that had the episode with the like the
diet the weight loss glances and the
lady put the weight loss glasses on and
what you put the glasses on
her food had faces and could talk to her
and they were begging her not to eat
them there was another show and she
eventually she eventually starves to
death because she can't bring herself to
eat the food anymore
I love it it might have been there was
another show that was then around that
era that was just as bad yeah yeah give
it a mouths okay so it was the twilight
zone with more boobs boobs and Tales
from the Crypt with less boobs so
somewhere as far as boob level is
concerned I'm okay with this yeah that
was um that was on network TV I don't
think I remain boobs and tales from the
dark side
yeah so maybe like cleavage maybe it was
listen the amount of boobs in a TV show
is very important to me it was like The
Twilight Zone as a horror done by people
with the humor sensibilities of like
quantum leap or something I don't even
know silly kind of light-hearted kind of
cheesy no no you not the best Briton
necessarily the credits were right I
think everybody can do pretty much agree
that the credits were nice
Twilight Zone had really good credits -
and so did what was it Twilight Zone
holds up - this fucking day yeah yeah oh
the the writing and the well because I
mean like my I've talked about this
before I think that that really
well-written things work as place I
think to me that's like the deciding
factor with a lot of these things if
it's is it well-written would it work
onstage mm-hmm well I mean if something
works onstage so anything that works
onstage had to be well-written yeah I
don't necessarily know that something
has to work onstage to peep to be
well-written but if something's going to
work onstage it probably has to be
possibly you know like you're not taking
into account things like excellent
cinematographer right right okay but you
know there there are movies with very
little dialogue that just you know has
excellent camera work for that one Mad
Max fury road would not work on stage 56
dead at Mad Max fury road but I'm
thinking like you know like like rich
and I are both jack never seen flight of
the Phoenix so I have a few original
original with you yeah
the original would work perfectly well
like you don't know about flight of the
Phoenix Jack flight of the Phoenix
it's an old Jimmy Stewart movie that
they remade recently with Dennis Quaid
which was a bad idea seven years ago
they decided it needs more explosions
and more battles and more it needed end
in a terrorist battle or something
something what is it they describe
flight of the Phoenix the whole gist of
the movie is is there's a well these
people these people have crashed in the
Gobi Desert or somewhere they've crashed
in the desert and this one guy says he
is he is a twist of exactly what he does
for a living but he says we can take the
parts of what's left of our plane and
salvage it and turn it into a different
kind of plane and he's a very mean
spirit he's well he's cold and he's
methodical like he's saying well this
plane will hold like five people and
they're like well what about
such-and-such and they're like well you
said he would only live three days and
this is gonna take five so we don't have
to worry about him because he's gonna be
dead you know and yeah so him and Jimmy
Stewart get into it this guy is in this
bhisma he was written you know probably
what twenty years after the Second World
War or something so he's like your
stereotypical Nazi character the guy
Hardy Kruger who played the actor from
and he actually was a a Nazi film actor
during the Second World War in the lead
up to that in German it's slander no I
mean he really was actually it's
historically accurate I have no idea
what beliefs were you know whether he
did that by choice or coercion but but
he actually did star in some Nazi
propaganda films during World okay but
anyway so is it a spoiler if I tell what
happened what the big twist at this
point no you know if you're dragging
down this old 50-year old movie that is
is really good put your fingers in your
ears for the next 30 seconds yeah so the
twist is that this guy is a model
airplane designer okay and the Jimmy's
when the Jimmy Stewart character these
other people find out they're like well
you know this is crazy of course you
know you're there's no way we're all
gonna die there's no way this is gonna
work you just design toys and he's he
doesn't get it you know and then he's
like well it's all the same principles
and he's right it is and I think there's
a little bit of battle with some people
who show up some kind of Raiders in the
desert but they remade the movie with
all kinds of CGI and giant battle scenes
and terrorists and and bad dialogue no
interaction the original one it's it's
all about the dialogue and the concepts
and it would work on a stage just fine
but but what makes the movie work though
is that the only person who can possibly
save their lives is a tremendous asshole
yes possibly a Nazi and he's a modeler a
arrogant model aircraft designer I like
that I like that idea it's it's a
wonderful movie he goes on strike ones
because he doesn't think people are
working hard enough so he stops telling
them how
to make the plane yeah I like the idea
of like an effective dickhead yeah like
not not just effective at being a
dickhead but like someone who gets stuff
done who is also a dickhead someone in
which you are forced to put up with yeah
yeah like that there's people heads
coming out of it the teddy bear is
really disturbing is that the teddy bear
which one did the people heads come
shout out at the bottle of whatever that
is the bottle of best friends supplement
pills will burn these one at a time yeah
the teddy bear and the diamond will do
one at a time studies show that oil
spills help baby animals float Chernobyl
kinsman I agree with you effective
asshole works great an army of Darkness
last night we watched that I made Karen
watch ash vs. Evil Dead oh yeah I don't
know assuming I'm not caught up if there
was a new one this Saturday we watched
the first one anyway oh well you're not
a huge fan what did you think of the
first episode I thought it was kind of
fun I mean it was silly in a good way
yes deeply silly deeply silly
Oh house is another good example or
there any Sherlock Holmes you know like
just a fellow yeah Sherlock Holmes was
like looks like just kind of some
jerkwad heroin addict but he was
brilliant but it's brilliant right so I
had to put up with him being a huge
dickhead was that you you dickhead
though house was a huge dick well I I
believe like he was written to be a huge
dickhead but our but relativity our
memory is well no no but our concept of
what a dickhead is now and what a
dickhead was back then okay it's
slightly dead and so like house if you
look at house is a perfect like remake
of Sherlock Holmes that's exactly what
Sherlock Holmes would be nowadays well
I've heard that they gave him the name
house as an homage to Holmes oh yeah
sure yeah I believe it so I believe that
is the the proper successor to Sherlock
Holmes in modern day
what's his friend's name in the show was
the you know the cancer doctor I can't
remember Wilson godson Wilson elementary
my dear Wilson house is a drug addict -
yeah accent an opiate addict in fact
both of them specifically although I
think I think it's I think I think it's
possible Sherlock was doing a certain
amount of cocaine - I don't know if if
Han Solo would would quite fit in you
know like Han Solo it you know is the
thief with the heart of gold yeah that's
different thing that's a one chef and
it's it's kind of like shades of grey
but like it's subtly different where
he's not the biggest dickhead he's just
kind of a prick he's just got cocky yeah
yeah just kind of cocky little selfish
he doesn't tell people to fuck off what
are they gonna give house like a smarter
brother like Sherlock Holmes hand - at
some point or sure like Mike Mycroft
minecraft Microsoft I believe minecraft
but like my mother doesn't end there
they just Mycroft every okay who is
house is Moriarty the guy who shot him
in that one episode
I think credited is Moriarty okay yeah
it wasn't like a major character but he
did get shot once and I think of the
credits just the random person shot I'm
just credited this Moriarty was what's
it like season three or four where he
didn't like had just a cop hounding him
yeah - I think like there were there was
a season-long nemesis yeah yeah the cop
was kind of a Jagger and like but the
cop was also like very methodical very
like yeah very clever
like house was just not as clever so
that could be the Moriya and arguably
right about a lot of things houses
Moriarty is lupus you know I have I got
as a gift one's the entire collected
works of Sherlock Holmes and I would
really one day I would really like to
read them but I just have never cared
enough to get around to it it's it's
constantly on my list where it's like I
would love to read Sherlock Holmes Jack
I have the answer for you
yeah audio books audio books I find you
know well I mean I you know you may or
may not have down time where you're at
work or where or driving or whatever
where you have no where you have to do
things with your hands but you don't
necessarily have to use your mind a lot
sure and and I actually I listened to
the whole one book that I had always
meant to get into but it just never
could seem to get into it was Tale of
Two Cities and I listened to the entire
thing on audiobook and it was great and
it would took about 20 hours but you
know you listen to it like 20 minutes if
you have the right narrator well yeah
that matters anything can be can be
wonderful and exciting yeah and I'm sure
with the Sherlock Holmes books you could
probably and you can listen to the
samples and whatnot before you purchase
but you could probably for each one of
those books you know choose from five
different narrators right oh sure
well what we need is
oh and now Cameron
we need Hugh Laurie reading Sherlock
Holmes he has a you Laurie has a a
wonderful deep British okay she would
want it in his his native accent or him
to put on a and a historically accurate
Oh something that Americans would know
the difference a Hugh Laurie I just want
I want Stephen Fry to read it to me
because he has like yes his voice is a
little deeper a little a little more
soothing just do it we were just
listening to him last night he was
leading me Steve why there's well
there's like there's that go the fuck to
sleep oh sure right well you'll there's
a sequel called like why the fuck Mort
you eat or something and it's they're
trying to get the child to eat and that
one is read by Stephen Fry does an
excellent job really excellent yes
Stephen Fry's great everybody's great
the chat wants Patrick Stewart oh I
would like that and if he's done he's
done a lot of Shakespearean stuff so not
only is the English but he can probably
do multiple accents yeah Vin Diesel
reading sure elementary my dear was that
he's probably dumb in real life no
actually he's quite smart in really yeah
but his on-screen persona yeah me Dad
oh yeah meathead I believe he's one of
those that will always come up on me
like 15 actors you didn't know we're
Roose Martin lists those awful awful
lists Winnie Cooper is like a doctor now
some dream of the chat a fry reading
Hitchhiker's Guide would be great sounds
like he might have oh look out for that
I define that I used to like I used to
have a lot more like audio free time or
I got into like podcast
and audiobooks a lot unfortunately most
of my editing now I have to listen you
know I have to listen to rich and I talk
is the worst kind of editing because I
have to listen to us and I can't I can't
listen to audiobooks that was pretty
insensitive like Bill Cosby you know
doing the audio version of the accused I
don't I don't think that wasn't very
good taste you know the thing is he did
it really recently like it wasn't even
something he did weeks ago like wow who
even read that one anymore like why
bring it up Bill Cosby oh the opera
singer I love her she's fun they have
the crappy cat now he's not why are the
lists Christopher Walken voice I don't
know just the voice that came up in my
head
there are sherlock of video games well
probably I suppose well if there's Nancy
Drew there's Nancy Drew video games they
sure are
shit yeah we're gonna play the fuck out
of some Nancy Drew I think they're
they're probably you know targeted at 11
year old girls and they're like kind of
point-and-click e or something I've
actually played anything that sounds
right up my alley I don't know if it's
you every tiny Nancy Drew books none
they're actually I I enjoyed them when I
was a kid I mean I I think adults could
enjoy them too they're certainly more
complicated as mysteries than the
encyclopedia brown which you know going
back and reading him now it's like so
obvious oh sure but it maybe isn't when
you're 9 it wasn't obvious to me when I
was not look at the watcher oh that's so
sad it's tragic
yeah there are 20 Nancy Drew video games
holy crap I feel bad so how's burning
things going how's this working out for
you oh pretty good if you want to do
something else game wise I'm fine with
that I'm just kind of oh sure and you
know I was just I'm just hitting the
point where I'm ready to go to bed I'm
gonna leave thank you for stopping by
no oh hey thank you for having me bye
like I just felt the need to blow my
nose again and in thinking of blowing my
nose again made me really sleepy
alright that's what I'm gonna do so you
guys figure it out
don't forget when when you hear the oh
my god - check your yeah alerter to see
what they say but hey buy it bye
everybody
thanks for Jack better soon and having a
super fun super fun time you sure you
don't want to take the rest of these
sour mints with you you can have them
know like excitement
Roundy's brand sour glaze like me
questioned your mouth available at all
these if you're putting on a product
training you want to haunt them for free
I think all these brand excitement sir
casual the other one no I'm just leaving
because I'm sick and I don't want like
I'm gonna go home and go to bed like
don't were streams that ending is
anything and don't worry I was going to
home to spend time with my family or any
other bullshit reason like that I'm
gonna go to sleep it's gonna be great
goodbye I get sick and blaming you all
right so we're shut this down I'm the
streamer the snow this game yeah all
right you're out there it's kind of cold
very cold when I when I parked I like
you know the Lots sloped in places so it
was like well okay I will make sure that
I park in a way where I am facing
downhill in case I can't get traction
well I put the car in park and shut the
car off and the car continued to skid
along for about five feet it was in park
the wheels are locked and it's just
sliding down through the parking lot
goodbye alright but hey the doggy
daycare is cold so doggy daycare yeah
what about the doggy doggy daycare next
door's cold hmm so the little critters
are inside so there's that yeah a little
bit more we're gonna spell some fucking
words
as soon as I can find them ever you see
ki ng oh I'm sorry
som e fu ck ing wo RDS that's very good
cold star for robot girl no there we are
we're not there we're here oh we're not
quite there I gotta sit down so everyone
else could see it too can you hand me my
tablet

[Part II]
no I can't I can end you this because
this is within arm's reach it's not a
tablet I'm Kurt we ran way out of this
and you should be seeing a game welcome
to bookworm adventures
all right might be a little ahead of
where we left off last time we played
those I remember this the same the same
game we're playing last and we play in
their own though occasionally so yeah
well did we play it last night oh yeah
well they're playing one last night
weren't we hear you you ever think we
want to take the mouse for this because
you get you get into the bookworm zone
and i can't i can't stop your you're
okay well tell me the things like a
ranger oh you were reading it in the
Chromebook oh yeah um well we want to
resist donna taxes or pain we want to
resist petrify and power down that's
always useful under this poison will
just resist stuff alright we can deal
with parts and hearts damage reasonably
well you can spell your way out of any
situation so how does this game work uh
it's an adventure game sort of in the
style of like final fantasy or something
accepted instead of mostly using magic
on people and stuff like that you spell
words along with the words the butter
and you attack your enemies with words
with the power of language r in charred
yes and you are the worm we are lex the
worm over here and we are fighting the
various enemies and these are like the
different little power up things we have
but mostly you just spell words the
longer and the more good scrabble letter
usery like you get a word with a bunch
of Z's you're probably looking better
than not a bunch of Z's so let's see the
gems do special things the shiny these
shiny letters do special things now
there's no does that even one I ok so I
can't do can you do lunula see look a
look at she does when we play this game
lunula the fuck's of yoonyul but she is
a word she knows he like you know on
your fingernails like right near the
bottom of it you got that little white
thing like the little half moon crescent
moon thingy right at the bottom where
your fingernails come your cuticle yeah
Bessie visible on your thumbnail that's
your Union lunula and no this is this is
not like a JRPG because you're doing
more than just
hitting the a button until the battles
over yeah in fact you could sit here and
look at these words all day long well
there's no are so you can't do
Jabberwocky there's a lot of things that
are missing actually I just noticed the
day of the beat blade w window I think
you can do window windowed maybe go for
W I ND o del video needed another one
for but that's still a decent words when
do we award no all right window my
fiancé's name is Karen hi I did some
damage okay there's no p I always like
to try to do jalopy it comes up more
than you think it really does oh yeah
where you can't get elastic ya know our
she can't do like besties or something
jealousy's 980 you test testify that's
it's at
Alfre blastula
jeddi but that's not much of a word
all right they want me to change the
stream name I said game medley
specifically so we could do anything but
yes you want her to get specific can I
see the mouse per second I got him there
an end for ablution graduation change
something make everyone happy everyone
will be happy last toys elas toi SE west
wha or I never seen that word before but
it could potentially work good
potentially be cheating could
potentially be cheating you know I
looked and best for first of all mr.
Gore Bessie ality doesn't work on their
second leave st ality doesn't have an
ace not bestiality its bestie ality
we're going to talk about you know
Critter sex pellet right by they strike
that trying to be me oh I mean to them
all the time and they love it okay they
they they just don't love it because
they have no self-esteem well if you're
gonna say bestiality haha ho-ho learn to
spell it BES not be EAS yes your best
deal exactly judge frowny face that's
how you spell it alright better than him
all right back back back so Blastoise I
don't even know if drive means red I
also liked hair to get rid of the chain
but that it's potentially pretty good
word here ah it was it was it with an i
oh I don't know if that is in fact a
legitimate sort of word it isn't
recognized by this games dictionary
which happens sometimes yes rarely some
are saying stability oh I like that yes
that was junk had 1979
nice yeah cool do we have Zenith Jack
head is feeling sick he will not be back
tonight he's got a cold prioritize no
tea enamel enamel could work he never
does nothing it was gonna say membered
how far away from jeopardize yeah we
still needa daddy
razor / najida perjury animal is it bad
from the chatham getting normalized I
was a Tiberius Kirk normalizes oh hey
Karen improved about it a normalizer
Karen really improved about it let's
let's let's power this baby up if you
can best to use the power up and see
like if you get a really good word um he
like turns into wrecking balls and stuff
and really wants about him so let's see
her he's powered up and normalize errs
oh that's supposed to be one of the
better ones but it really it's not the
most exciting it's cuter when he turns
into a wrecking bones when is the second
one I don't think it turns into a
wrecking ball on this one is this this
wasn't his book oh this dead explains y
a bookworm adventures too they added a
few things from the halls of Montezuma
to the shores of Tripoli it's a place
it's in here but yeah yeah jalopy that's
what I was looking for there's no why Oh
shed
you almost have to Jordan plateau and
can you get aperture aperture science we
do what we must because we can not
enough arse not enough arse appetite you
good appetite I think I know okay
basically when we play this I am I am
largely irrelevant you or not you come
over some good was largely oh you took a
shit load damage there yeah heel boots
and push myself up let's see there's
serps sir
no he can't get circular I was trying to
do like circumlocution whatever curator
well I wonder if we could do curatorial
set for two hours in the room I don't
know here oh no you can't there's only
one a okay that he gets one hour
should you see image and more portly
should freeze them okay we can get rid
of this is a Desilu too is that a word
no decimal it was a word and resolute
somewhere yeah yeah you're not I might
be hey guys resolute works
astute you're a supersuit how do you
spell hirsute I said anybody know how to
spell hair suit like somebody who's too
hairy what like a woman with a beard as
hair sued I've never heard this before
you're frightening me i know i spelled
it wrong hey no not it's our students it
hair suit hirs ute that sounds like it's
probably it yeah there we go all right
never heard of that nope it's it's
abnormally hairy like your hairy but
you're Gary cuz you're a you know a
white guy with normal hormones whereas
if you were like you know an Asian woman
with your amount of body hair that would
be our suit digoxin I think I was from
star to star wars I know that's a real
thing well we do have ing there's no a
so you can't do diagnosing make sure you
need 2 g's uh X with some z's exude zor
getting rid of a J would be good too
there's no are darn it dungeon I kind of
like that I an oxide says Cosmo cuz /
muslin were it's got to be big try it
dungeness I was a dozen donuts noxious
noxious is kind of nice
maybe whoever came up with knock out the
real Quaid I like it ox idian and that's
a word if it is I no idea what it is
this is too late if it is too late ah
Joe sting
something ologist huh something I was
just follow Allah gist yeah Jose did Joe
style just know I was thinking about
doing jousting but there wasn't an end
but some there right there let me get
the SPECIAL oh the joust did works
okay ironclad no no deep oh yeah
pugilist perforate now pure I'll
I think that is it easy in it actually
another e ideologist sure a soul about
something that uses w's and peas and F's
pernicious if it's in there that's not
bad no s permission pernicious home
trying fuselage I keep seeing looking at
these unthinking necromancer but I know
it's not there because no I'm own pwn
cute but let me just see if he says
anything if there's like an easter egg
for that now graceful is not terrible
pronounce foliage isn't terrible
pronounced on original unoriginal is
pretty long I'd like to get rid of some
of these w's W&P; Karen will not accept
anything less than a w world word oh
there's by the way there's an ing which
gives us a lot of the year somebody
saying warp hug rappy that Cobra Kyle
says gay because he doesn't like words
can't spell a fellow grade school um so
he thinks words are gay on glowering
glower or glory whatever however you
pronounce it i think its glory yeah it's
listening to but i don't think i'm sure
you show you my wendys ad um glowering
there's not enough geez nine of g's but
thank you for the chance they even think
the guests do you remember Wendy sad boy
Brian oh jeez
wincing yeah you might even say that's
fine not the best word in the world but
flowering does it flowering mark right I
don't give a shit now you have no fucks
flowers that's damn good I will go with
flower Thank You snake squeezer just an
exquisite a you snakes crazy yeah wet
has been used creator something permeate
permeation you can't need another e
premeditate I'm not sure we have that I
none of these contraction contraction
yeah
compactor yeah I was trying to do
compunction yeah factor it's heard of a
pea sure and it's Stannis fucking long
missiles contraction cont car a CT I
think attractions actually longer
somebody's it's too late somebody saying
moderation defenestration can you get it
probably not you need at least another
yeah we don't have the fenestration all
right all right we need we have Nash's
do we have ours arms unfastened snake
squeezer said he said frowning did you
just read it wrong and it happened to
fit what we did with flowering yeah well
unfashionable at works fashion would
work on fashion doesn't I know fun
fashion works I think so fashioned works
yeah there I'm well I'm unfastened right
oh yeah unfasten
they work looking down under Sir sir but
salat says i think you should save those
power words for the boss all right i
don't think you know what it's like
playing this game with karen she don't
she don't need to save no word she's
gonna find more power works the boss the
boss does the bosses aren't that
difficult really how come every time
you're on the show I seldom die with
this game there's a continuous stream of
people saying rich Evans is getting
married rich Evans is a girlfriend it's
like nobody can believe that rich Evan
this is straight and getting married to
a girl who's talking you right here
Richard I've been hiding for a while I
don't believe that I don't really care
if they believe it
conscience
occasioned this is Raven bellman all
right like that that could certainly
that works that works really well we
work here are thieves 12 13 and 14 right
there 40 we're the other 40 uh or the
other 36 or 26 I guess yeah 20 no wait
we have this not just on my stocks are
known knowns the 26 26 I think they want
us to talk at the same time so they know
I'm not just using a voice changer there
you go fuck off I'll say rich while you
say Karen Karen thanks so much yeah some
people are upset on that with Mike which
you yeah Mike likes women and rich likes
women so rich and mike are not go to
work they have their strange fantasies
well good all right all right behind
there's no other l4 foible you know al
horrible economy see what I wish you
could do with this game with it really
fresh was me you can scramble but it'll
give you all new letters and it will
penalize you I wish you could just take
the letters you have and just have
scramble up so you were looking at them
in a different order really you don't
need that I mean there's behind that's
in here but it's not the best
Oh
what does the scramble button do it
gives you an entirely new set of letters
and it costs you a term and it's really
not worth it unless you have nothing but
terrible letters Karen I don't think has
ever needed to use it I think we may
have once plus y they make you use it
once in the editor yeah that's the story
so I'm saying I'm chulada but there's no
else that can't be right I mean there's
behind and it's not terrible we want to
use that I won't say we're getting
obedience incidents obedience is
definitely better than behind um both
honey snuggle and mr. Beebe said
obedience so has Stephan Stephan toast
I'll do it with this so it freezes then
you won't be able bit the blue freezes
them so they can't do anything new
comedians will work perfectly well gay
slave no and sue but that's not very
good resolute tea I'm sure unusual
there's no beef or unfeasible I'm sorry
I'm sorry someone says lumpy head 97
says I've almost saved up enough money
for my rich Evans 22 and is which style
is that going to be and because I've
seen him artistically represented this
isn't too bad flourish or like what what
photo of me should they use had no had
oh I thought maybe they're gonna do the
the slightly grotesque style caricature
from the t-shirts the mr. blanket rich
with a hat or like the riddle they don't
cause that as being rich Evans that's
mr. blinken I think people have that
separated in them or that what it is
Mike to most people or that really
adorable animated version of you from
the friend a prereq animator yeah those
are that whoever did that by the way
it's adorable Karen loves prereq
animated yeah it makes person who digs
oh just wanna kiss him and I can't so
I'm gonna basically I put those in a
loop he just keeps walking over to kiss
me it's kind of great yeah you know
needs Barry White all right flourish
isn't too bad my my great meringue pie
stone hall rang Oh harrangue is a bad
yeah we're gonna ours
like that oh we don't minna phase her
Angus got like two A's right I don't
know that wasn't that was my suggestion
how do you spell meringue it's like
lemon meringue like Emmy our chat chat
spelling Harang is h a you are a NGE
mark somebody saying that one somebody
saying menagerie that a snake squeezer
menagerie will work very well and I
suppose I don't suppose you'd get away
with unmeasured I was I was kind of
looking at these letters and say I tried
to figure out we could do managerial but
we can't I don't think you could do
menagerie all either but the just you
wait see I think we got to lose that
like one turn two turns for the boss so
yeah we didn't need to save any words my
grade is a good one we and learn rien
learning re enlarging yeah that probably
would have been good reenlarge bonanza
rear rear sure snake squeezer plays
bookworm and probably who doesn't love
bookworm oh except popcap apparently
because they released another sequel in
like ten years this game is called
bookworm adventures and there is a
bookworm adventures to which i don't
have installed right now there is well
let's let's backtrack there is bookworm
the original book worm which is not a
role-playing game type thing it's just a
grid of letters and you try to spell
words and it's a larger grid but it
doesn't have like the power-ups the same
way and that's available for a lot of
systems you can get that on a Game Boy
and stuff you could probably find that
or a clone of that for just about
everything and then there was booked
from adventures which this is excuse me
and bookworm adventures 2 is kind of
more of the same but you have like
little partners who have a different
thing
there's more gems and it's it's just you
know this game with a little more souped
up yeah and we would love to see them
make a nother bookworm adventures but
this one came out about 10 years ago and
I don't still have probably done they're
probably done but you know this game
being a word game that randomly
generates letter grids infinitely
abilities is there Evanescence evade ah
giant green worm you lived I mean oh
good to see you yes EA games did by
popcap and that's probably why pop
carrot popcap sucks now yeah there was a
period where where before Android and
mobile games really took off where the
casual games market was in its heyday
and real arcade in Game house and popcap
were big fish games of course some of
those are distributors more than
producers where we're making all kinds
of fun games then everybody started
making clones and and everybody jumped a
mobile game wasn't plants vs zombies 2
nothing but microtransactions I've heard
that I really haven't played it too much
I did enjoy plants vs zombies one I I
don't like microtransactions I you know
if a game is really good you know you
can like sample it or crippled wear it
and let me have a little bit of it and
if I like it you know if you if you want
to charge 20 bucks for it you know i'll
pay 20 bucks for it but don't these
infinite microtransactions i can even
handle like games where it's like well
you just have to wait to play the next
one you know that's fine you know
microtransactions but you gotta paid for
like everything just for content it's
just like just let me buy the game yes I
think everybody feels that way i will
pay you
a reasonable sum I don't expect that
every game has to be under five bucks
but let me simply buy it and have it Oh
thatthat's they want the money I'm gonna
Manning hey I mean it started with games
like the sims were they were releasing
expansion pack after expansion pack
after expansion pack and then it just
got to the point where it's like every
game is broken up into little pieces
yeah and then you know he had games like
like farmville where it was like you
know you could play it but you could pay
actual money to get extra stuff and then
I got to the point where if you wanted
to have any fun with the game at all you
had to pay money and that's where I just
said forget it hmm just forget it or bug
you know every one of your neighbors it
should be possible to enjoy a game
without spending actual money or
Schilling or else just you know make me
pay for as a subscription or once but
not in the weird nickel diming
ridiculous that's right omote on 106 and
the chat is pointing out is entirely
correct that all your Steam games are on
loan did you buy those digitally yeah so
I is Gog whenever I can what's G ot good
old games i believe i remember gog.com
they sold games and you you you actually
there's no like drm involved you just
download the game and you can store it
up disk or do whatever shove it up your
ass whatever's yours you don't need you
don't need their servers permission to
start the game or turn on the game or
dive use the game and it depends on cost
I mean I'm willing to pay a nominal I'm
willing to pay a little bit of money to
essentially rent a game but when you
start asking for larger sums of money I
don't want to be beholdin to your
servers
I will always show for geog huger games
good old games purjee games is verdanna
that's like DC Comics yeah or pin number
yeah so what what's gone what's going on
here let's see here so change it was
this poison attacks or petrifying power
down or stung or you know nothing I
thought what this one this one the
poison attacks tend not to be that bad
whereas stun can you know make you have
to steam is great for finding games
cheap and there are some pluses involved
i'm not going to lie but you really
don't own that game that's an illusion
steam will be thrown into chaos the
second that gave new only the retires or
dies he's the guy in charge of steam no
I is in charge of valve who was in
charge of steam I will say there are
some pluses to the model where games are
on servers I mean you don't have to go
okay what did I do with the third disc
of this where the hell is it
valor evade
Darth Vader Oh valuation of Valor under
undervalued
ah will be undervalued anyway right oh
and your valued you can get III spelled
it wrong but also I would still need
another I think you got it but I wasn't
a euro are you I missing you as valued
as you too oh shit motherfucker there's
no eyes you can't do valuation or
evaluation no I for gladiatorial or
something there's a protein Thank You
leader rudder
so I'm just saying gonorrhea a dungeon
master blaster says enlarge and he's
ball her and we just went through this I
do and there goes one hour I know the
word came up so far but we didn't have a
for some reason
hey rained isn't bad go for all your
help with it before your other controls
did are the fuck you want um what is her
ring to mean isn't like haggling does
Karen watch Game of Thrones I haven't
i've heard great things about it what do
you watch um he'll do watch a great deal
of TV like I zombie I was in a play
pretty into the walking dead for a while
but I kept having nightmares about
zombies and I just decided to give it up
for a while oh it means hassling brate I
think yeah that sounds about right so
you stop watching the walking dead you
don't watch anymore yeah you know old
what happened now just got more and more
and more violent like constantly like
that's so amazing the eye sockets and
stuff that sounds amazing I I understand
okay it wasn't working for me you know
what their next show is on 80 that's not
any what does that this no that's the
embassy another spin-off or something
yeah yeah but they're also doing
preacher and well it looks like it's
gonna be terrible
alright glowered we got him and I know
that one came up before too
nope valuators it's kind of over i think
i think the the blue s is overkill
that's a valuable and you could use that
in someone else should i go with
something else no no no no no just keep
the blue yeah yeah I just hold on to
that blue us this should do him in
pretty good good I you know sometimes I
watch I like the librarians and I liked
going just happen you know you just
watch first couple episodes you can talk
about man in the high castle oh yeah
that's like a what-if than that what if
the axis won the Second World War it's
an Amazon original series I think if you
don't have prime it's paid of view /
episode but but it's uh I have prime so
I can just watch it and they've done
like 10 episodes we watched the first
two and it's pretty bleak it's pretty
bleak I don't I don't want to spoil
anything but it's it's you know what
what if we lost an alternate kind of
reality not a pleasant world industrial
windowless or windowless you reading any
new books what's new you had two eyes in
there just so you know well I picked up
and haven't read yet the third book and
they miss peregrine's home for peculiar
children series that's a that's a series
where the first one I know so I spoil
anything the first one came outside
hater I don't give a shit does the first
book this boy grows up hearing stories
from his father and his grandfather
above monsters and whatnot and his
father believes that his grandfather was
was telling stories about his childhood
running from the Nazis and that he was
using the monsters as a metaphor for you
know the the hardships of his child
hood you know nazi-occupied Europe but
actually there were real monsters and
his grandfather had a special gift and
he could see them and and he was he
found his way into this that he grew up
in this orphanage which was an orphanage
for children with special powers and
they've got all kinds of strange special
powers one of them has bees inside of
him that he controls and stuff bees
visas yeah I want to bring dead people
back to life temporarily with frog
hearts and one girl she float has to
wear heavy shoes because she floats
uh-huh oh but uh Wendell was yeah
windowless and and the movie of the
first book is supposed to be coming out
I think and next year sometime spring
possibly and tim burton is directing it
which is ah which is possibly bad why
Tim Burton he was less what was the last
good Tim Burton movie I don't know
what's the last Tim Burton movie there's
he did Edward scissors a lot of people
would love I haven't seen much of his
reasons of the but I haven't seen his
his adaptation of the roald dahl book of
the charlie and the chocolate factory
but supposed to be
so people are saying that he has yeah I
haven't seen many of his movie myself I
don't like you can't like micah j and
this and this do i think jack is not
he's not better self lately for a while
now obvious obvious obviates
obvi a shins could work I was gonna go a
VA shun but yeah that's better I wasn't
even sure if obvi Asians what's the word
I just thought it was worth trying I've
heard of lobbying hoodie get an iud
perianal for Perry anus uh let's see can
you get Puff Daddy um there's no F
some st. P Diddy there's no I you can do
daddy and dirty
and so yeah somebody saying Uranus well
he's in this to proper name yeah then
like proper names
so yeah there's that I've been listening
to an audiobook yeah I can't get to my
tablet from your me Oh give it a memo
home smell yeah you you know what will
finish the stage then I'll play
something we'll just talk as far as
books you know sometimes I read and
sometimes I do audiobooks lightly I've
been busy I'd screw around online I read
magazine articles and web pages I'm
trying to think what I what I finished
lately I mean I finished kind of kin
which is a book where this family found
themselves battling to hide some illegal
aliens it's kind of complicated and the
soul Oklahoma town was kind of torn
apart by this bill that made it a felony
to to hide illegal aliens in Oklahoma
the room was a nice little book you
might like where this guy discovers this
there's there's only one room not that
one I didn't like that one I know
everybody else does where there's like a
secret he realized that there's like a
secret room in his office and he likes
to go in there and hang out except that
it's not really there and everybody else
thinks he's just hiding in the corner
and that he's lost his mind Thank You
mr. poopypants from perused perused
bruised is a good word
oh yeah audio book right is going to my
audio books good audio book that I'm
almost done listening to the clockwork
universe it's it's kind of about the
intersection of religion religion and
culture with the Enlightenment era
science scientists it's got like you
know Newton's in there and I'm a
blanking out on the guy's name Kepler
it's in my library won't let me do the
show me what it's it justices in your
library well let me do the description
darn it oh here we go the clockwork
universe is the story of a band of men
who lived in a world of dirt and disease
but pictured universe that ran like a
perfect machine a meld of history and
science this book is a group portrait of
some of the greatest minds who ever
lived as they wrestled with nature's
most sweeping mysteries and the Royal
Society and all these just generally
weird guys who did a lot of screwy silly
stuff rich rich mostly hey besides smart
rich frat boys running around doing
weird shit okay some of whom were
fiercely religious in strange ways least
by modern standards they were convinced
that that there was a pattern in the
universe and that they could use science
to figure out what God was doing we were
fully convinced that there was a god and
that he had hidden things in the
universe that they were supposed to find
so it was like science and mysticism and
it's a good audio book the clockwork
universe even renaming all you rich no
um who got to appreciate dungeon master
blaster did I you see eight is a good
word we almost have faraday like Faraday
cage bye y'all was talking about this
unifirst now origami no hors d'oeuvre no
no hors d'oeuvres is like ors DV okay oh
that's Australian that mr. spelling I
know de mujer de are you no no
demonstrate de de Mon straight hmm damn
what oh and there's no us nope darn it
devoured there's no you devote it I'm uh
I'm fucking dragon says dormitory
dormitories nice work I'll say that all
I think I have to use it they're mine
hey if we had an I can we do vomitorium
my small Noah dorm is a dormitory your
non storm ettore might be one of those
weird things were just not in here I
don't know let me what's this I usually
spell decently when I'm writing stuff
but once I start overthinking it then I
start second-guessing myself and
dormitory yeah dormitory all right all
right moment
as relating to your skin and no no
Dermot sorry fofo mentor or fomented or
hurry dear ah we're just format yeah you
know what it's fine he's dead I was
thinking about that way too hard of
course Nevada 10 oh that's a word so
what somebody is up there from Nevada
has one heart given before letter word
that's no flag it that kind of
four-letter word
celery yeah skulduggery no skill no
scold the tobacco defamatory not right
now there's no use no II yeah you're
right Nevada is a proper word
wait wait oh no oh no go ahead I thought
I al I don't think oh very oh so very in
but they do vary oh okay yeah I'll do it
that's great Sieg not that it's much of
a word a cagon a segue yeah diurnal
right no n-no weld iron is like a visit
a nocturnal somebody said rail yard let
me see here dark well we use the l honor
there's no L while the other dark
there's no end you can't do darkly
darkly
Carrie what Katie rry yeah it's got a
bath yeah it's not very well ski wash
from ducktail says a great agretti
agraria's I can't think Regis Regis
thank you there's only there's only one
sheet nice try there's only one g
guarded from yeah i was just i just said
guard gypsum jiggle I'm trying to do
Guardians but yet guarded probably could
work no it's guy's boss I'm right
purchased are kicking our ass I'm gonna
be careful is guarded good enough for us
probably not not right now no you want
to go guarding will remember garden s
kurz but that's not a very long word ok
es que ter that's like a patek played
plan for kayakers oh I like that like
that a lot all right yeah like it's for
us some good stuff yeah we're using it
reuse it it's good Oh pitch friend cure
cure desires
cuz I rings
do you think you can use the other eye
to it go and do more damage despite
other special I all right oh he's dead
we kill them buh-bye so long farewell I
know I agree with how rarely known the
word is I totally agree with that you
should definitely get more points for
free keywords and sometimes you really
don't it's just a game yeah it's just
the game will play a min again what's
mini game oh alright here's how this
game works there is a five letter word
that starts with an R we have to pick a
five letter word and then if we guess it
right then we win instantly if we guess
it wrong that it's going to go down to
level two we're still getting at the are
and whatever letters were right are
going to stick around and if the letter
was the right letter like that that
letter is in that word but it's not in
the right place it'll be silver and if
it's exactly the right letter in exactly
the right place it'll be gold and the
letters that have been used in the
letter grid below will be the color will
change on those everyone from the pic
over the chat will have this be somewhat
interactive okay cuz i was thinkin round
actually my middle age is good okay
somebody went with range range is good
was that uh or rinse rinse is probably
even better huggy snuggles is rinse I've
already put in round right I'm sorry
okay so it starts with and it's are a
something snow and there's no gee and
there's no e yeah so like racks would
work
radar we got a radar raspy can't be
rains can't be read like raspy raspy
yeah gets an sssr common in a P it tells
you the letters are in there anywhere
why all right what I recipe ooh-hoo that
pees nice though we know the S is gonna
be on the end silver ass there's got to
be rea something s are a something PS
like ropes or racks or ripes obscene
erases can't be racist the Peter made
the piece of the right spot ramps
somebody sing ramps that's probably a
lot of ramps everyone was ramps ramps at
his phony getting a rinse I think it's
ramps to I was trying to turn it in with
the fucking fuck yeah fuck yeah I
motherfucker so look what we got we got
a whole damn witch powers up we gotta
jet purple gem I forget what that does
but it's a jam and gems are nice hey I
wanna beat reaction up yeah purify and a
health it's great thanks for stopping by
go get on Lex all right have you have
you had your fill of bookworm yeah it's
850 6 i'm just looking at the time and
thinking uh we might call it a day you
want call it her well early is called de
fer bookworm it's got a small house you
want to play maybe maybe another half
hours yeah another half hour streaming
sounds about right you want to listen to
a ramble on for another half hour oh you
you give it a read you interact with
people because they get to see you
really and I'll futz around with just
something okay so oh they're over here
let me turn that you know you can turn
the brightness up on this right can do
whatever you want eres fine don't make
me use my ramps game is about spelling
ignores punctuation the game is not
about punctuation and it's got a lot of
cute touches like you are keep talking
nobody explodes it's got like you
touches like when you want to leave he
goes don't believe me dragons don't live
in America too much racism well don't
the kk people call themselves dragon
something I don't him taryn when are you
going to show up and the best of the
worst i have no area Karen does not like
bad movies yeah I really would rather
watch a good movie it would be a
disaster although I had to say the one
about the airline safety thing where the
guy basically was his home video of him
and his kids on his trip was like so bad
it was funny like I was thinking it was
going to be a movie about like air
travel or something I don't know it was
like just laughably bad and Karen wish
Matt a happy Thanksgiving happy
Thanksgiving Matt happy Thanksgiving
everybody I'm a fucking dragon fearful
sludge boy turn noble kinsman and so
forth who is Alby ah I'll be when am I
going to join us um I'll be right up a
hollow dicks Thursday's we watch six
hours of Star Trek and sci-fi shows they
get together in this chat room they
washed off independently it's not like
streamed the video but they all watch it
that's it could be fun I am a casual
Trekkie if you start asking me obscure
trivia I'm not gonna know it but I do
like the show thank you for the
thanksgiving wishes t Carlisle for happy
thanksgiving to you as well play doom i
have played doom it's kind of fun for a
while i don't i don't know but i really
want to play it right now
it was I enjoyed it back when I played
it well I Raven it's the first time you
bother to stay up for the whole show
right in bham and while I hope it's been
wish worth the lost sleep on your Sunday
night what are my Thanksgiving plans I
probably turkey with the parents thank
you for completing rich Evans do I
complete you to do oh I really do we're
a good team tamron chard

[Part III]
brutal doom what's brutal doom it's a
doom mod that makes it more brutal it's
already pretty brutal with violent and
stuff they've made it more violent and
stuff I guess mostly my objection to
doom to the extent that I have any is
that the graphics are just so ugly these
days I just can't handle pixelation Oh
it'sit's wonderful sprite art and raw
nuts I
it's beautiful doom nostalgia greatness
wonderful joy see I can be happy joy I
can fix elated Mario but do them it's
almost like I'd rather play quake quake
looks decent oh and what's the other one
I used to play it wasn't doing ready
psychedelic pac-man yeah the
championship edition is weird can you
make it stop doing that do what shimmery
blurry nope psychedelic yeah I think
there's other styles like epileptic
unfriendly not that I'm ever loved too
close I
I think that's an option I think if you
are epileptic you probably wouldn't want
to play this version of pac-man the
further you're guessing and you'll know
the original championship but I don't I
don't have a good version of that is it
weird hearing rich speak fondly about
nostalgia the rich ever spoke a nun
fondly but nostalgic yeah myself I'm
quite fond of the old NES games partly
because they don't make me motion sick
and partly because I remember playing
them as a weak errand the style is
pretty much the only reason old games
are good today well some games I think
are pretty timeless I mean I could be
wrong but I'm thinking that you know
even little kids a lot of people would
probably enjoy really well-written games
like the original Super Mario Brothers
well-made games
yeah well made games whereas Mario
wasn't known for his elaborate plot
twists yeah yeah then the princess was
in another castle on another other
castle
I remember you know I mean III enjoy
Mario on the other hand maybe it was
because I never had one but I really
can't get into most of the Atari games
and and a lot of the old super old
arcade games although yeah pac-man is
fun
pac-man has always been fun it is a very
weird and cycads it's a conga line
pac-man yeah I think my favorite pac-man
game is still probably I like that one
the pac-man versus oh yeah
first this is fun I knew that at some
point we should accept that you're so
darn good at it
and pac-man versus lets pac-man the
person one person's pac-man and they are
playing it on the Gameboy and they could
see the whole screen or part of the
screen yep and then else is playing on
the Gamecube yeah and then the ghosts
everybody else is the ghosts on the
Gamecube and I think they see the whole
screen it's been a while we are living
in a golden age of baby are we I don't
know there are advantages and
disadvantages to every era that sounds
deep please explain
well you know I mean you didn't have to
worry about you didn't have as much I
mean there was a time when when the idea
that I would have a cellphone and be
able to emulate any Nintendo game on
frickin earth if I wanted to would have
been absolutely mind-blowing when I was
a kid on the other hand I didn't have to
worry about what do you call it when I
can I'm legging out what he the the
microphones actions Oh yep I didn't have
to worry about microtransactions in the
you know 1990 1989 1985 the be honest at
work we have a giant board game with all
the games we could release because of
cuz of pixels pixels like pixels the
game movie I don't know yeah that's what
I meant what do they say what does the
copper was a whole comment about how
great the graphics are it's okay
rich which is better XT ro or SOS I'm
not as fond as of extras everyone else
was it's good movie but I'm not not
particularly a horror guy and it's not
funny bad so that's not shit there's not
as much in extra for me like the gold
what's the Golden Age of gaming or
what's the gold native music there's
always good stuff and there's always
shit in any era sometimes what's getting
you know marketed more in-your-face and
commercials is more of the shit but
there's always something good and
there's always stuff that's crap whether
you're talking about books or movies or
music or games
and yeah because there's more sheer
volume of games now there's more shit
than there used to be there's also more
good stuff potentially the Golden Age
games is the 90s I think you know people
would probably go and say whenever they
grow up is the age of ever young it's
just you know when things are new and
you're a young kid you just whatever was
popular when you were say age 12 to age
22 give or take
you're gonna think was the best time for
the best everything which is why the
baby boomers think that everything from
there or was the best ever not because
it necessarily was so if it was great
and some of it was shit but because
that's when they were that age there
were no shitty movies in the 15th
century this is true but they were
probably shitty plays fortunately you
know the really shitty ones don't tend
to be remembered you know we've got
Shakespeare you know and you know Joe
Smith's shitty plays nobody remembers
like they remember Shakespeare's with
something up somebody's coming in when I
was shitting over the 15th century
yeah there were no movies no betters
it still got weird moving effects in the
screen it's pretty it's just be kind it
seems like it would be kind of a
headaches orienting to play I'm not like
a head pain necessarily maybe eye strain
that's better it's better when the I
don't really care too much about the
periphery but when the actual parts that
pac-man zipping around and doing weird
freaky things other than just changing
their levels of illumination it's a bit
disorienting
somebody said I wonder if there are
people who enjoyed shitty plays back in
the 15th century the way we enjoyed
shitty oh probably and people who
enjoyed them for their sheer shittiness
like the producers you know that's the
whole premise of that movie that's well
that's what they're talking about yeah
yeah springtime for Hitler in Germany
1984 was the best at cinema 1984 was
certainly a good year for cinema
gremlins Indiana Jones Go 80s was the
best for cinema man do you think that's
because there was less CGI or because
budgets the demand for CGI is inherently
bad those terrible CGI is there's less
pressure less preferable to shitty
practical effects it's a problem with
with obsession with box office numbers
and ROI I think the problem is without
CGI you had to have a better story you
had a better storytelling you had to
know what you were doing to make a fun
movie see I'm always loath to say that
any given era was better than another
especially if it happens to be when I
was a kid simply because you know
everything's better when you're 10
mm-hmm no I think I think when you
couldn't do everything you wanted you
had to be smart about what you did I
mean I agree 1984 had some great movies
and while I'm old enough to remember
1984 my memory doesn't go back to much
before that as far as actually seeing
things when they came out
because somebody's suggesting that
there's they become to corporatize than
I guess yeah that that decisions are
made too much by committee
yeah yeah there's not enough trade of
control for directors or writers and
whatever Joey feel tonight to me for
what's Return of the Jedi 1984 it was a
three why is that your what cinema what
bad do you know somebody was saying the
1984 was a really good year for movies
and the other people were naming other
movies that came out 1984 and I was
thinking did that come out of the 1984
as well and I couldn't remember
ghostbusters yeah they mentioned what
year did Blues Brothers come on baby why
any one or two so is that a movie about
the decline of the American Raiders the
Lawson bring his lost art 81 or 80 81
but I could be wrong that's a good movie
see they did special effects in that
movie but they did them with waxworks
yeah Oh a bunch of different thinks
majors but like I mean these days they
would have made thee made the Nazis
being melted by the arc CGI when they
did them by fashioning them from wax and
melting them Oh taxi driver yeah text
1976 taxi driver rocky The Omen marathon
new man Bad News Bears what year did the
Exorcist come out
one of seven news on that yeah but I
couldn't tell you when I really couldn't
witch's mother and her brothers made a
home movie version I don't know if it
still exists but I've seen it I don't
know what the hell happened to it yeah I
believe his mother was was Regan Regan
the girl right yeah his mother and his
siblings today a remake of The Exorcist
that it's just just darling this was
before rich was even born
74 for the extra juice yeah that table
the sounds of alright Rich's mother was
just a young thing in that production
quite charming 73 yeah yeah his mother
was a huge fan of horror movies we used
to watch him together sometimes bet the
worst okay while I generally don't like
bad movies I love bad cheesy horror
movies especially like old ones uh-huh
Rich's mother and I used to watch see um
Evil Dead I like it well enough but it's
intentionally bad there's something
about you know while I generally don't
like movies that are unintentionally
horrible I kind of make the exception
for horror movies
is this why Rich's sisters all messed up
because his mother liked horror movies
now I if they're the thing about the
Mormon one oh no no that's his sister on
the other side of the family
yeah yeah yeah his Mormon sister wasn't
even close to thinking about being born
when his mother was making home movies
of The Exorcist nor was she the mother
of that sister
the first movie rich and ice all
together oh I couldn't tell you I what
was the movie that we got our first kiss
during after well yes and I wouldn't I
wouldn't say it was because of the movie
you know you want to tell me one good
good night Ben that cowboy and walk in
here knocking mommy
yeah it's not exactly a romantic film
but it's his sister's a Mormon
rich has more than one stealing rich has
a lot more than one settler yeah I've
got three sisters and two brothers yeah
I am the oldest of them all
Kung Fu Panda a Mazzini kungfu panda was
an out one rich and I became a couple
they're gonna date us yeah come from
band oh it's only been out for what like
four years I don't think there's been
one every year
I don't dammit I try I think I saw one
of them uh I haven't seen their kid
flakes and they're not necessarily
there's something there's something mine
Mormons sister would probably feel safe
yeah I think that is your shake that is
if she could handle the Eastern culture
aspect of it I don't know and it
probably exists she's a good kid I know
I know but uh Kung Fu Panda I think
mostly exists so that parents could take
their kids to something that they're
sure isn't going to be objectionable
which is all well and good but movies
don't have to be objectionable to be
enjoyable but often a movie whose sole
purpose is to be unobjectionable
got Danny peckmon Alyssa's fixer Kung Fu
Panda is 7 years old ok they say you're
the most interesting man in the world
that's true which world all of them all
of them am I going to take the good
Evans name once I get married I intend
to Karen Evans works I mean if his last
name was like smoo galaga fits it would
be a harder choice so you would say no
just move along you with smoogle AG of
its I convinced you to take mining are
you racist against Mughal out of its I'm
gonna be racist against what you learn
wait smoogle log of it sounds like a
good polish name or something I don't
know
fortunately we both have easy to
pronounce and easy to read names snow
clogged of it's as a fine Scottish thing
rich smoogle smoogle avenged
and I summon I'm not an ant they summon
I'm not anti anything Karen smoke along
a vid sounds pretty good too
yeah you'd be the only school belong
events anyone knows I had other than
your husband by necessity also be a
spoon I need somebody whose name was Sue
and she married somebody whose last name
was Gillooly so she's they're known as
Sue Gillooly Oh a little it's right up
there with names that rhyme or names
that are repetitive like Robbie
Robertson you know and there are people
who do that to their kids spider-man
character Robbie Robertson yeah well I
better not be Robert sir there's a
there's a Robert and Robert kind of
thing first-name lastname and the guy
from the band it's better than Anakin
Anakin Skywalker it's somebody named
their kid Anakin well if it wasn't for
that movie Anakin wouldn't be a bad
sounding name I suppose you name your
kid after the character was basically a
child murderer I know somebody whose
kids middle name is Jedi yeah I know
that was that was a fine idea there he
seems happy enough what if he hates Star
Wars I have no idea
I've never asked him how old this Jedi
No oh my goodness well probably less
time I some personally about four years
ago and he was probably about six or
seven he's he's got to be pushing double
digits
I think as sisters my school you know
someone named Anika is that Japanese or
something or is it named after I guess
it's been out long well cousin you have
to be that long at all out there
Anika works better than Anakin I don't
think you really know anyone who named
her kid pantera rules
I certainly hope not Pantera rules yeah
I think I can see it I don't think you
can smoke enough dope to think that's a
good idea
this is mustard essence I don't think
rich people wanna name is kid mustard
Evans it's not very fond of mustard
they know that I like mustard you like
mustard mustard mustard
oh sure like all kinds of things that
rich doesn't like oh shit oh shit oh
fuck that up
yeah you ghost you Oh My gods did name
their child Anakin hey whatever you're
into yes rich is fucking stupid good at
this game I agree with you
he's like ridiculously good of pac-man
he should be on like king of Kong hey
why is king king of calling you there
playing pacman right yeah so why didn't
they call it like you don't care you
know why wouldn't be no they played on
Khan chemical oh is it I wouldn't be any
good at that kind of pac-man because the
way they beat that is they have like a a
pattern you have to do it's it's it's
very much they've found a way around the
AI rather than they're playing the game
so I would probably be bad at like
seeing the final screen at pac-man
that's something like this the conga
line ghosts are just strange yeah I
prefer the normal championship edition
but any port in a storm
I don't know I don't know everything
will spit on this television just as far
as gameplay goes I prefer when the ghost
chase you more than I like the condo
wide stuff
I mean I'm just a plate and stuff on the
Left which do you like very coupon see
that's the thing don't like which
doesn't like mustard and so he's like oh
I don't like mustard and I'm thinking
you know yellow mustard isn't real
mustard I mean it's real mustard but it
sucks no it's like the mustard of last
resort it's the mustard of saving money
for your store by getting cheap mustard
and giving it to people you know yellow
mustard is just vinegar and mustard so
I'm like well rich you know we'll give
you some real mustard and maybe you like
mustard now so I gave him some nice good
German brown mustard good stuff and he
really hated he really really hated I
was like gagging yeah I mean he looked
like he was just head turns in his mouth
or something so he does not like mustard
he also doesn't like herring he likes
you know kind of like bland American
food preferably deep fried and I like
the weird shit I like the Rollmops and
canned herring and mustard also not that
big on sweets yeah he is dead but to a
sweet tooth but he likes fatty foods yep
so he doesn't he that crazy about cake
but cheese fries yes you're allergic to
horseradish yellow is the only one you
know um
wasabi do you like wasabi rich I'm
guessing that I don't even know what
wasabi is I've never tasted a
horseradish I mean real real Japanese
wasabi isn't horseradish quite but I've
never even had and in my in the United
States it's like horseradish dyed green
pickled herring is great isn't it
wrapped around pickles it's delicious
I'd be right at home in Iceland I
probably would but don't they do that
like salty there was a girl from Finland
it was an exchange turned on my high
school and she did black licorice with
salt and I was like oh
this girl from Finland I don't remember
her so I mean do the Iceland people do
Finland with salt because I mean nothing
when the liquorice was solved because I
can't do Labour's result but yeah I
think I probably would like to field in
Iceland Iceland seems like a perfectly
lovely place but rich starve to death in
Japan um well nothing with seafood right
it's nothing but seafood and rice and
rice out of rice he'd ever I she says
they own Kobe beef they're known for
that yeah
grass-fed Kobe beef cheeseburger Karin
rich do you like wasabi rich cheese
burger yeah cheese pizza oh he's about
hate mustard mustard hates him no he
hates mustard must make better my dad
hate him when Steve Gibson first became
casual involved the online community of
mustard makers he had no idea is mild
interest in the condiment world would
within a few short months spiral
dangerously out of control you know I'm
rich I doubt has ever had lutefisk I've
never had lutefisk lutefisk and the gel
filthy or whatever it is the um looks
like yet it should Pezzini or something
those are things about the fish you just
shield a fish joke give filthy whatever
it is fish I think it's good Phil to
fish yeah I've never had that either too
fast it's too fast I love to you know I
like to smoke herring on I mean smoked
salmon and whatnot on bagels and stuff
like that I mean I there's a lot of good
like Yiddish cuisine that had but I've
never had the fish and I've never had
dead lutefisk lutefisk sounds sort of
gross but might be good and fermented
dishes yeah I well I mean I like
sauerkraut and I like yogurt
I've never I've also never had kimchi or
thousand-year-old eggs saying they're
they're all on the list of things that I
would be willing to try
Lord Belmont hates mayonnaise mayonnaise
is okay right you were trying pretty
much anything I would try for your
adventurous I'm gonna
Teresita yeah well you know I might hate
lutefisk but I'd like to just try it
just to check it off the list if I died
once tonight um I don't think so but I
wasn't looking at the screen
continuously either a decent pac-man
shits the jerky of the sea
kimchi is like asian sauerkraut well I
do like I do like sauerkraut worship
sauce that's okay this is an ethically
Jewish person Tiberius hates Jill filter
fresh fish I like I said I'd like to try
it
I've heard very mixed things about it
there isn't there are foods I like and
there foods I like less and there are
foods that I'm not especially fond of
there aren't too many things where it's
like you yuck get this out of my mouth
you know I generally will eat pretty
much anything I take after my father
he's a pretty adventurous eater whereas
my mother is like rich you know just
relatively bland stuff you know
straightforward meats mostly meat
potatoes and bread kind of deal this
works like steak first rich like steak
other than vegetarians don't most people
like other veggies and vegetarians and
you know of course like Hindus and let
that can only mouth a religious
objection those people like steak
pickles with milk that doesn't sound
very good actually I think one of the
grosser things that I've eaten and it
was kind of on a dare we were playing
like God truth or dare or as kids they
took a chocolate cupcake hollowed it out
and filled it up with ketchup and do not
like that Marmite is also on the list of
things I'd like to try I have actually
never tried Marmite which do you like
mushrooms and onions yeah oh yeah the
mushrooms are wonderful whoo especially
mushrooms with butter and garlic now
we're a big Portobello sandwich those
rich like tacos who doesn't like tacos
tacos are just like tortillas
and they can fill them with all kinds of
shit you don't like your cooks your
steak cooked further than right yeah I
like it medium-rare I like a little bit
of that browned taste but definitely if
you overcook your steak it's ruining it
more just stuff unlocked then we had to
reinstall for some reason that are not
well I try a single plum floating and
perfumed served in a man's hat what's
that yes I can't remember what it's from
though anytime of X has only gotten
perfume in my mouth I haven't enjoyed it
and yes rich does not like very coupon
pulled pork I'm guessing those probably
a sex joke but if it isn't pulled pork
sandwiches are wonderful we were at
Culver's the other day they have like
these pulled pot roast sandwiches which
are really quite good and they've got
their sweet potato fries oh these were
overdone what are you gonna do nothing
Paco's can absolutely no issue ACOs are
good shrimp tacos are good I don't think
we should be saving fish tacos are good
oh caught in the sea
general Zhukov says they think Jack
believes a hot dog is not a sandwich
well it's not a bun and it's not a
regular sandwich thing of course
sandwiches could be open-faced so really
I suppose it depends on you know what
you consider a sandwich Jack has all
kinds of crazy beliefs in Canada you
have pulled pork poutine isn't it I
thought that he's like french fries I've
never had it
it's like french fries gravy right I'm
not usually a big fan of gravy but gravy
is a broad tongue all right you know you
can't white-coloured gravies and brown
colored gravies and you can make gravy a
lot of ways so protein is on my list of
things to try but I've actually never
had it rich got any stories about when
you ate that fucking mound of
cheeseburgers during early 2014 wolf of
Wall Street for the reviews mr. blinken
ate a bunch of cheeseburgers no really
it's just a sound like I literally ate
them all I mean there's some movie magic
going on eat a little bit they filmed
some of it and there were all fresh
burgers and I didn't eat the ones that I
shoved a ton of butter on you know and I
was just not the ones I didn't eat
they're just normal Burger King
double cheeseburgers well doesn't
doesn't Culver's do like butter burgers
really like put butter on I thank you so
much - I just for the for the bit in the
show I was putting on like I'm seen
amount of bow okay it wasn't just like
yeah the buttery yeah and a flake it was
trying to of bread and I think it was
writing - is she playing I was trying to
induce a heart attack
because this insurance was getting ready
to run ah ah do I like sushi I do like
sushi oh fuck damn it me too and I
recognize that there's a difference
sushi is not necessarily the sushi music
it's just the rice is what makes it
sushi it's not Bravo's although you
could put her off patient sushi yeah I
like sushi
she's good sushi is a rather broad thing
you know it's kind of saying do you like
sandwiches sushi could be made a lot of
ways but yeah I've had lots of switch
you that I like
yeah what what I I agree with you
jg Galang 35 whatever she's always raw
fish fact so she isn't usually raw fish
it's it's the sticky rice wrapped around
thing that makes it sushi and I think
the not sure if the nori is defining
ingredient when you see urgent search
eat sushi never had that I like eel
sushi a lot do i like haggis I've never
had haggis would you try haggis I would
try most things unless they involve you
know bodily waste I don't know that I
would want to try Mountain Oysters and
although I realize they're perfectly
legitimate foods and millions of people
all over the world if not billions enjoy
them I'm not big on bugs although I
realize that shrimp isn't too far
removed and by the way if you're ever in
Milwaukee go to go to el fuego and get
the coconut shrimp oh my god it is so
good what is on Fuego Fuego is a
restaurant in the walkie on waiting on
Layton Avenue and they have one of their
lunch specials is it's shrimp breaded in
coconut flakes and then or you know
shredded coconut or whatever and then
deep-fried and then they give you a cup
of I think it's probably coconut milk
and coconut flakes and pineapple mixed
together and you dip it in there and
it's you know it's indulgent and it's
yeah probably gonna give me a heart
attack you know and then they serve it
obviously with the side of refried beans
and rice but it's good so I'm gonna do
that without when you go to Milwaukee
it'll be cheese cheese beer and beer
well you know cheese you can get a lot
of places you know beers from of that
yeah oh yeah and birria Milwaukee's got
good beer there's all kinds of beer here
but I'd like lakefront brewery one of
the little brewery tour and they had
some good stuff I wouldn't say I noticed
cheese being any better in
Milwaukee than it is in Chicago yeah but
but you know if you if you're in
Milwaukee and you get tired of beer and
cheese I would definitely recommend del
Fuego the affected food rich are you the
White Sox or White Sox the only sports
team you follow theirs are the teams I
like but as far as hardcore fellow I
mean I'm in general I think I'm a fairly
fair weather and fan yeah I mean I'll be
honest about that when the White Sox
have a year like they had this year at
some point you just yeah when they're
doing terrible I just don't want to see
it yeah yes it's depressing but but yeah
we're we're Sox fans and you know
generally if you you're outside of the
Chicago area I make a point of wearing a
White Sox hat because everybody wants to
tell me how much the Cubs suck and I
don't yeah I know really can't agree I
both my parents are Cubs fans oddly
enough but uh you know rich rich and I
are both from is on the south end of my
little river and pardon my little rebel
well actually all you know they raised
well they're both from the south side
but they raised they raised all their
kids in the south suburbs and all the
kids are Sox fans so go figure
do they eat pizza with a fork in
Milwaukee does anybody outside of Europe
do strange things like that California
might I'd okay pineapple Oh God all
right I'll make an exception if I'm I
don't know if they have it up here but
there's a piece of place called
Giordano's Chicago if I'm eating a
deep-dish pizza pie that's two inches
thick
oh yeah O'Donnell so he'll use a fork
for that because it's got sauce on top
and you'll just have sauce everywhere if
you eat that with your fingers because
it kind of falls apart but in like
regular normal thin crust Chicago style
pizza quote-unquote Chicago style yeah
no Fork
unless there's you know people around me
are doing it and for some reason I want
to impress them but in general you know
you just pick it up ham and pineapple
shit is the same spot I died last
Giordano's isn't Pete said Scylla Sonya
yeah it's basically a lasagna without
noodles and that's okay oh fuck you
honey the game has me facebait is sick
of Pizza
you could sick of Pizza you need fries
with a fork I know a lot of European
tights when I was in Germany they the
McDonald's they had these little tiny
itty-bitty two-timed wooden Forks for
the french fries which you know okay
that's definitely not how I'm used to
eating them rich do you like donors
what's a donor what's a Donaire is that
a doughnut or a pizza place it's like
something I do with my liver like a sick
child kidneys Seattle has terrible
Italian food this Seattle have much of
an italian-american community for a
difference of how could they would be
like fish or like Asian food or
something for a difference of a hundred
miles I can't find a great gyro place up
here yeah just let me know of a really
top-notch
gyro place everyone wants to say Oakland
Lee ro eros and the way the blah no you
mostly like making use down there right
uh yeah Mickey's is good
Mickey's is great
am I ever gonna be on best of the worst
I don't know no no promises she would
hate it because she would hate it okay
she's not a she's not a bad movie person
well this is like a really bad horrible
although I enjoyed watching that one
movie last time I was up here with the
with the Japanese vampires that were
hopping around we're drug dealers or
whatever they were euro in the Midwest
the fuck that should be easy me chopped
up spice stepped on a split slapped on a
stick I guess you know probably you'd
want to figure out where a lot of Greek
neighborhoods are maybe maybe good
heroes we're two great people in the
block you know is there a Greek enesta
Creek neighborhood in this area there's
probably want some I haven't had a gyro
up here though that's moving oh holy
fuck that's good
I've had givers up here they were like I
was an acceptable gyro that's not the
same thing and I'm not the fair person
to ask my plenty moving walk Bucky yes
but I had I don't know exactly when oh
shit
I'd myself I don't like euros I like
lamb and I go to hate you roast
you know like barbecued lamb barbecued
go those are good goats got a lot of
bone and we do is fucking the teenage
without dying because goat cheese is
good you're living in Vegas right now
they can say here it's got nice weather
I'm not sure what else it has gambling
gambling but yeah but you can only you
know unless you're rich you can only
gamble so much it's like gambling is
something you do on vacation it's not
really a perk to move somewhere unless
you want to work in the in the
hospitality industry who said lovers
couldn't tell you include in Seattle
there's probably some somewhere I've
never actually been to Seattle do I like
duck I have never tried wait
how about yeah I have actually it's good
yeah it's just then Karen likes duck
that lamb is wonderful lamb is wonderful
lemon and goat are not that you have
people do gamble themselves to death and
in the suicide and this any other some
people I know it's great some people are
addicted but uh but ya know rich does
not have a gambling problem and I
definitely don't have a gambling problem
I just look at it and say you know what
I'm gonna lose statistically so why
bother I mean I would go there I would
go to Vegas for like the shows and stuff
and maybe play like nickel slots or
something but I'm I'm just not a big
game remember remember pogo.com
yeah you know how one of the games they
had was poker it was completely free to
play you played with with imaginary
money yeah
credits and ice playing like the the
100,000 credit room a lot fun and over
time I'd saved myself up like like a
hundred thousand credits and that was
getting pretty pretty decent at playing
poker around
pogo.com so I fuckin emanuelle yeah fuck
it I'll go into the 100,000 incredible
tonight ain't just enough I just managed
to save up yeah a hundred thousand
credits so I go in there and doing sorry
Batman is happening doing pretty
decently and I had a hand came up I had
like like two jacks and the flop was
Jack ace ace so I had a full house and I
went that's a really good handle I went
all in with with three Jackson two aces
and yeah the other fucker had three aces
and two jacks
it's fine it's fine I lost it basically
I lost it all was like months of playing
the game just a fairly casually saving
up a hundred thousand credits I'm sorry
that's okay it was a valuable lesson
gambling I had a co-worker at work we
used to have a scratch-off machine and
she was playing in a fair amount and we
were we were both working late and and
she's like Karen you got a play you got
a place so I'm like all right I'll play
one so I bought a five-dollar card and I
won $50 and I came out ahead and I said
I'm done
I said statistically I'm never gonna
catch I'm never going to improve on this
I'm done and I never played it again cuz
I thought you know statistically I'm
gonna give it back to them this is good
right here you know so I had my forty
five bucks and I yeah you know I had
dinner with RIT nice dinner with rich
and you know I was good with that and
she wanted me to play more and I'm like
no I'm not statistically I am gonna lose
lose out here you know it's
statistically this is probably the best
it's gonna get
rich can you count cards no well
probably not where we're not right
neither of us is Rain Man or we like
mathematical geniuses or you don't
necessarily have to be Rain Man there's
a lot of people get kicked out
oh the suitors for doing something that
should be perfectly legal
really yeah well I'm either not clever
enough or I just don't give enough of
the ship but I don't know how to do that
anything get in my belly I'm sure it
could be lucrative good thing guys
prefer five guys are in and out we don't
have either around here we have guys
bye-bye me I've never been there they
know or they run one in Orland since
when I don't know everything in the
whole world by me we'll take a field
trip out there they build up so much
stuff there and they're still there
Grange is still on construct under
construction five guys in in and out
yeah I don't think we have in and out in
Milwaukee or in the Greater Chicago area
south suburbs in particular
we like the melrose over in Oak Creek
this Sparta's restaurant oh the trying
to blink on the name Omega the secret
engine place
oh the safe house safe house they're fun
or the food's killer there's a place in
Milwaukee called the safe house that's a
cold wear War era like 1960s maybe spy
themed restaurants and it's they got a
lot of cute gimmicky stuff and the the
lot of the dishes are named after things
you know it's kind of like a get smart
uncle it's a lot of fun what do you
think this looks like pac-man in
Legoland is this acceptable fine I don't
know I know you weren't like a looker
like oh I don't care I'm playing
different things cuz I'm gonna find
different things I like the rainbow
ghosts is this is this pac-man being
charted being chased by his denied
sexuality yes
they want him to come out of the rainbow
ghosts want him to come out of the
closet fucking fucking blinky
he's got vis miss pac-man as his beard
does miss pac-man pac-man's beard no I
think she says missus I think the rumors
are just that okay
just am i getting sicker is it hot in
there the heater is really good my
speaking like a Jack's cold I'm gonna be
pissed off
I didn't especially
everyone around here sick except for me
you have super super abilities not
typically but I've been lucky do you
remember when you guys were filming he'd
really interrupted your believin knows
that ya gave everyone your typhoid Ridge
disease you were a little bit sick I got
it but I wasn't like all sleep-deprived
like you guys so it was like an ordinary
cold for me and I was very sick
yeah it was the funniest because the
night he came up there he was like 20 at
the time the night he came up there he
was like I would sing I literally
bouncing up and down on your mattress
like a five year old and just totally
hyper and happy and excited Karen is
like a five year old no right no Garret
was yeah I know yeah he was he was all
excited and that was ages ago he was
just a kid and then and then it was like
two days later he got your home and he
like moved in your sink like he was
ready to die all the bounce had gone out
of him
Taco Bell's the best vegetarian option
Taco Bell Taco Bell is like they should
just go vegetarian and try to pass
themselves off as a health food option I
mean like I think they got sued because
in order to call something beef it had
to be like 39% who the help came up with
that law in the first place you think we
have to be like at least fifty point one
percent you know more beef than not beef
but they couldn't even hit the
thirty-nine yes surrogate yeah I mean
when the goal is thirty nine percent
beef and you can't even manage that they
could call it like beef flavored or
something but clearly it's not beef at
that point yeah they have a value menu I
don't even think they're taco filling is
taste bad but it's not really beef we
know it
Rich: Oh, fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. 
Karin: Taco Bell was the best dog food available in the chain restaurant. Have just seen dog food lately? I mean, like, quality dog food. My mom gets the dog these little, like, Tupperware containers full of, like, dog food that, I haven't tried any, but it looks and smells like actual food. It's got, like, recognizable chunks of chicken and, like, peas and stuff in there. It's like little, little shelf staple TV dinners for dogs. And I guess you're supposed to feed a whole one to a small dog, but he's a large dog, so she just puts part of it on. 
Rich: He still stole your sandwich. 
Karin: Yeah, he still stole my sandwich. The other day, I closed my eyes, or turned my back, I left the room for a minute. I come back, and my dog has eaten my whole sub. He's just running away from me with a jog going real fast.
Rich: Oh, fuck. Fuck. Back! Oh, god! Woo-doggy! 
Karin: That's kind of what I said. 
Rich: No, no, no! I'm fucked, I'm fucked, I'm fucked, I'm fucked! Oh, I did it! I survived! I fucking survived! Look at the, look at the traps in there. Fucking survived.
Karin: Stop screaming. Relax. Relax. 
Rich: That was amazing. That was amazing.That was fucking great. 
Karin: Wow. I didn't know somebody could have an orgasm for playing Pac-Man.
Rich: Fuck...you...
Karin: I'm kidding.
thing to have ever happened were they
able to see that yes well somebody else
said it was amazing I didn't even see I
was looking at the screen I just heard
you screaming and looked over
congratulations or something yeah
somebody said that was sex right where
did my oh my oh okay you got a place to
plug I'm gonna go use the restroom
finding you know either about yeah about
done nicely yeah the Chromebook just
croaked so I don't have a convenient way
to look at the chat who's that fisted my
dope smoke
thank you well you're welcome you're
welcome visited by domes home and a
dollar from wood chips as I love you we
love you too in a purely platonic way
I'm probably on the little screen that's
the big screen I'm a bit near sighted
have you read some of these people beer
Meister two zero eight nine thank you
very much you know there's so many woods
do the banks at the end only forty seven
viewers Rhys absque ride while we are
away and we thank them or we thank him
or her if that's one person mall rat
call thank you Tiberius Kirk Dylan lip
Wilkins the clown sloshed from duck
tails there you go
here role young Elvis delvis Xena trope
Shakespeare shark shark shark spear
shark spear I'm powerful rain drop bill
Billa
but Billy hecka just bill waka black
Moki b85 the jack is corrected me and
Bill the heck I like in number of times
and I always get it wrong so I'm not
confident myself greca neck cracking ik
her connect Theodore J hooker and as
Seth whoopee whoopee whoopee Wookiee
crocodile brain thank you you gotta yeah
you really gotta nail the last one and
and crocodile brain thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
thank you for your support
it's true you don't whisper that it's
true really do I say it like Jack I
don't know how Jack says it just just do
an impression of Jack
