Feb 25, 2015
Order 1886
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3858691
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3858698
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyqqiZGZrRU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vb2-hwlnmJA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/570675316953214976
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/570749322519846912

[Part I]
so now you should be able to hear us
restart the ps4 well we had to restart
the ps4 and then I didn't turn on my
microphone so now now you should be
hearing it and hearing us oh my
it works great great welcome the only
weird thing is and actually maybe I can
change it in PS said it no yeah yeah
nevermind fuck it fuck it fuck it
ah so only your microphone audio is
being broadcast oh great no that's neat
when you leave the game only your
microphone is being broadcast ah
the only weird thing is the ps4 wouldn't
let me choose a different audio output
so the audio is also coming through the
h6 which is very strange but you know
what if that's I'm just going to assume
most people don't know what an h6 is
that's what we use as a mixer for our
for our microphone so rich and I can
both have a microphone at different
levels the zoom h6 now I understand you
were playing the game right now
I'm playing the game right now do you
see me pressing the X button horses go
that's how you know I'm playing the game
okay cuz I'm pressing the X button Oh
meow don't worry and then I press
another button so that's how I play the
game you walk to a place until you see
what button you should press and then
you press that button that's that's how
the game works
somebody uh somebody wanted to be a
director and and Hollywood told him no
no no I thought you I'm gonna make a
video game I think this is even worse
than that oh I got it I got it
I was thinking about dropping her I was
thinking about dropping her for a second
but I got her Oh God so uh I don't even
know I don't even know guys I don't even
know where to begin with this Oh Morton
being true
true today we have to kill more people
yeah yeah all right you might want I'm
going back in cover why do you grab that
machine ball yeah I thought the sniper
rifle might be the better choice it's
not it's not machine gun is always the
correct choice shit
no that's fine that's fine just a
grenade shit just a grenade all right
mr. grenade sorry you'll be fine
nope will I be yeah you'll be here fine
yeah dick you bunch at Dick's she's on
the pull of time oh that's a good idea
which is a thing you can view by the way
it has a little time mode because full
time mode is still something that exists
ah great whole time order something you
need when you're out gaming with a mouse
ha ha ha ha ha shit dick you dick oh oh
no you're in my face this is the most
exciting the combat let's have a look at
this game only because I'm doing poorly
and so there's like except for me in the
kitchen that was pretty good you in the
kitchen the blue kitchen I know mother
to bring kitchen I got surrounded in the
fighting skills I got out of the
situation
meanwhile I'm going to die yeah I died
again I'm not good at this game
it looks nice that is by the way that is
very true this game looks fantastic I
will not I'm sure I'm sure we'll talk
about that and then and how that relates
to what kind of game was is in the
review yes sure
hiya dick buncha dicks
I think I need this my verification dick
dick Oz one of those armored dicks thick
gotcha
use me lady
and back to the my handy-dandy matching
gun some of the enemies in this are
wearing full suits of armor like like
medieval armor and using chef does yeah
which is nor I mean that's going cuz
medieval armor so notoriously effective
against machine-gun fire yeah okay okay
let's jump over this now okay okay
oh well let's I should break it bullets
all right here we go oh wait wait I
wanted that Ezra bet anything that
explained the war of this game on why
time the history is different why the
setting is weird
no no this is just like it's just luck
yeah I saw a hidden audio thing we
missed something the sniper rifle he's
taking out from up there you see that
glint I do
god damn it you drop your sniper rifle
I'll go back for going back for it that
was that rifle you gotta go back for
this diaper rifle you dick cheese you
not only get have more than one weapon
at a time
get him I got and take my machine gun
back machine gun is more effective in
literally every other sense
okay so let's great what the fuck is
this game this is the order 1886 yep
shit shit just came out uh you'll
probably be able to pick it up at a
heavy discount next month haha all these
guys need a fucking god damnit sniper
rifle yes this is a situation well wait
now I think that she's buy a thing was
that a gun what is that Oh a launcher do
we want that there did that help take it
dick I only have four more shots love
does it work whatever let's get out here
let's crank it up yeah I called I called
our local gaming store our local chain
gaming store today to make sure they had
a copy of this and the guy who was so
the guy guffawed like I just come on
make sure you have a copy of the order
1886 he's like yeah dude as if as if it
would be a problem to have this so
congratulations Sony you did it it did
great you're doing great doing great
decided without the game really good use
that sniper rights for this story
looks pretty looks great
okay here we go yep come on where you go
this way
nope are there enough werewolves to
justify a story that includes includes
werewolves no no where near where with
short once yep we're unexplained and
have not shown up again yep
everything else has been generic a third
person shooter humans machine gun
fighting yes always one other weird
monster and that was it
hey no that was just a werewolf I don't
think it was a werewolf I think that is
just generic monster no that was an
older werewolf
okay he called he called it an elder
wearable he didn't look much like a wolf
oh that's the kiddies over there look at
that huh he couldn't hit you
apparently not AI is great hey I spin
yeah it's fantastic fantasy triple Plus
ah this game is $60
we're shooting at us from where people
down below are you sure about the head
oh there there oh yeah I'm sure about
that she's trusted later nope okay pay
attention movies I pay attention to
videogames say you're special power
there we go there we go rich how much of
a chance do we have to give this game
before you before we can turn it off you
can you can turn this off whenever you
want
yep you dick so this is an uncharted
ripoff right yeah I thought I charted
this time yeah it's late I'm sure but I
had a feeling yeah yeah Uncharted is
just this is just like Uncharted it even
has like Uncharted like fake platforming
which like to call platforming is
incredibly generous
yeah platforming takes skill Hey
oh really
like not shocking bad I would complain
but their stupidity is keeping me alive
Oh
shotgun like shotgun is never the
shotgun is never the right call even
though you want it to be it's really
upsetting
I love shotguns a game Jos games either
get shotguns horribly right or horribly
wrong yes
and you know doom gave you the template
they gave you the template early just
follow that template for the shotgun
right you'll be fine right for some
reason most modern games think the
effective range of a shotgun is one
point two feet away from all right here
we go
story time so once again we're following
this lady into the East India Trading
Company right because she has a secret
to tell us strange about it company
exports munitions around the globe
better gun
better gone odd but the dock guards are
armed to the teeth or the latest
weaponry enough of your speculations
let's find what you brought me here for
shall we
I love every us pack elegance what are
you here to show me all the dot where's
the dot dot spying oh there's that so oh
so here by the way
protip before the order 1886 let's say
you don't know where to go right you
don't know where to go look they just
see that that you followed it up tells
you exactly where to go this way exactly
where to go what to do on my mark
be prepared to cover me
deserted a very ill omen I'm not very
ill I'm okay now the proof woman as you
wish that's right so we've been
following this lady and murdering what
could be innocent people so she can
prove to us that this company is evil
and what if she brought us in here
there's like sucka
I made you murder all the guards
well that's okay he's you're a dumbass
and that's to be expected from any hero
from this life yeah from from not Liam
Neeson it's about the car go look for
any distinguishing marks on the crease
okay any distinguishing marks on the
crates the crates are you looking for at
the companies insignia on the sides
okay looking at crates Oh offer the
insignia it is a redstone
ah
nothing
are you looking for that one Oh
out of fridge that one I didn't have a
dog no don't have a doubt i defined it I
love it oh oh there's a dad yeah
this must be what we're looking for help
me get this one down alright here it is
guys we're gonna find this is spoiler
alert for anyone who wants to get
engrossed in the story of the order 1886
This Is It this is the big the big
reveal look hard night see the evil we
both fight against vampires are free to
consolidate in their power with the
protection of the Lycans in your land
Hastings and his vampire ilk are
spreading disease throughout you ladies
thinks you can't be one of them what
many have witnessed in Whitechapel your
noble Lord roam the streets late at
night preen on downtrodden women the
Ripper gangs that is what you call them
and how do you think the what still
continues to evade commissioner Doyle's
dragnet Whitechapel has become the
kyndra's feeding ground this was written
by a 15 year old yeah
it's a knife whatever you just kill a
vampire with a knife apparently that's
how you kill everything with a knife or
a gun how many more of these are there
enough to affect a city this is terrible
so they want to make the city vampires
yes the werewolf's are working with the
vampires to vamp and you know what you
know what that's some schlock that
that's better than anything this game
has given us a super schlock no no I
refuse I refuse before this it's all
about the rebels the rebels is the
rebels the rebels want to kill you but
how do you know how much you want in
trouble - amazing rebels rebels we gotta
shoot those rebels those rebels shoot
the rebels rebels I'll look through
Horrible's shit the rebels rebels at
least now there's a fucking vampire yeah
but I don't think we're gonna be able to
fight the vampires or maybe well who
cares who the fuck cares - oh I'll like
this one prepare another
yes you're right cge 1-1 3-8 SLOC
presented in the most boring pretentious
way possible yes usually when we say
schlock it there's usually some fun
involved like some joyful some joyful
crap this isn't sufferable this is
Sherlock that wants to be this serious
this was my big boy got that thing you
just did no cuz you hit a button I hit
that you did that thing I sure hit that
button real good that wasn't just part
of a cutscene you hit that you did that
oh by the way I held that button down I
held that button down I didn't just hit
it it's just me to get out there yeah
and yes this is the majority of the game
play this games what's going on right
now yep cutscene press button cutscene
let me look for some you might get a
gunfight you face 50 dudes there's a
ladder
oh that's ring ho like hyper real they
try to make everything else when you do
to get into a fun fight gun fight it's
not a fun fight look at that I'm fight
ha ha ha
there's like 500 dudes just pop out of
the woodwork you could be in one little
house and suddenly 500 dudes spring up
with machine guns found another fuel cab
why don't we just use grenades on these
guys wait inflating him on fire is good
too I suppose but you want the flame out
the shrapnel I suppose you're right you
know what rich you're right you're right
okay now I come over here this one's
ready to be lit oh oh wait something's
gonna happen cuts together remain eco go
I'll deal with this one okay so by the
way now it's okay we can I not use my
handgun cuz I have a machine gun think
it would be morphing
Oh
Oh
Hey look we're just fighting dudes again
there's vampires see this we're doing
you'd be moving around and strafing
there'd be some variety and the things
you were shooting at sure sure riot II
would be it's like I've seen so many
just generic people with a machine gun
pop up from behind a wall yep it doesn't
mean anything cuz it's like you can take
a couple hits yeah I just sit here take
a couple hits get your aim nice and nice
and uh nice and ready great just are
fine you know suck when I'm coming thank
you for fucking coming doc can cover is
this where's this dick hop up dick
gotcha later the last of us this is
scaring me away from the last of us yep
not gonna happen need to get down
Oh
no no this this is exactly oh do I have
to press the button hey you can do it
come on Lady
Jesus love me what I'd like to place oh
I forget the cover dear
in the cover and choo-choo-choo-choo
this feels like you guys are trying a
little too hard to not like the game
we've been playing for like seven hours
oh yeah yeah I tried very hard to like
it early on in fact early on I was kind
of being devil's advocate yeah yeah I'm
gonna want to see where they go with
this yeah and then and then too much
more of this button from cutscene should
happen and I just gave up
yep so no no I really did try even even
after the the 45 minutes of early
gameplay were like literally nothing
happened literally even after that I was
still willing oh man that's over and all
they tried to the artsy mama some
gameplay going on a mini you know it's a
bad like away looks it looks great but
the game that has one be down it's worn
by my good boy now yep well the egg
guess what you guys might not get that
is that we have been playing this all
day and so like our
we're done being nice we're done not
Rich's devil's advocate Jim on it yes
yes I fix yeah
we're switching jackets are a good
example of a SPS or
that effect used to compare the damages
uh you know like a Resident Evil
Resident for is the third is a
third-person shooter game right I think
one that this is similar to this I think
that's my baby no I think they want like
a fugitive genre to give us an example
of something like this that you doing
here's what I thought there will be more
specific in your question I guess is
what I'm saying
now she had a lighter this whole time
it's not
nope oh here look at this huh look at
this so this is our fourth werewolf
filling on our second encounter with one
but from
nope no okay oh okay yeah why would we
want ruin the cutscene with gameplay
but okay and the werewolf runs away
jumps on you yep instead of killing you
it's a tearing your throw out it runs
away I did I wanted my first hip X did I
made it I made a bad gun choice I made a
bad gun choice everyone made bad gun
choice really sorry made bad gun choice
yeah okay okay okay oh shit
dick come on back
oh shit his head his goddamn head wasn't
no way
yeah get up he runs away hey that's fine
that's fine I got all fucking day yeah
okay
that's how you to beat a werewolf
dick
and wait for the next one so maybe other
one yes I do want to curse between this
game and a good FPS third-person shooter
so I can get a better idea and how you
guys are judging this I guess I kind of
like the gears games
yeah gears of words fun here's his
finding any any sure I always preferred
using a damn mouse but I kept thinking I
eventually played with a mouse cuz most
of them come out with consoles I know
gears is good
it plays entirely differently but it is
technically an old person shooter
English is fucking amazing that game
vanquish is so amazing that not only is
if can't use a mouse and I love it just
as much as any to go out of the play
uh-huh so it's really amazing and I have
not played vanquish but Gears of War I
think those are fun games those are you
know what those are fun game I don't
like to see you again do plenty of
action you find out there's no time the
companies forces are gathering at the
shipyard plenty of action no good a good
uh night Oh
variety of enemies locations Resident
Evil 4 I think is a really fun game they
you know they're a little bit Resident
Evil 4 I think compares to this more
just because it's a little slower yeah
um but again a lot of fun this Mass
Effect Council though I that's most of
your story and characters and whatnot
and the first one as far as the shooter
goes in space it's pretty bad yeah
pretty bad nothing second one's okay
Jesus you say them sure third ones to
Arcadia at least firm for that series
yeah I'm using the United India Company
to spread terror throughout the world
that's when you get the dodge roles and
the haha the super the super animated
melee attacks
bring it crashing down then you must
trust me
fare you well night but only we could
have met on different circumstances
where should I find you what's for my
name in Whitechapel and I will be that
we're just talking about Mass Effect 3 I
want to hear your anger you're gonna
hear more than enough anger out of me ha
ha ha not even that even because in this
game I mean just in general I'm pretty
filled with anger whoo confrontations
rich chapter 10 in the world is going on
nah now is he don't walk away from me I
saw your Whitechapel what you followed
me I was worried about you you fled like
a madman after the battle on the bridge
oh nothing less than nothing this woman
is lovely interested yes she is she is
loved this loves McGuirk she is the girl
there is exactly one girl in this game
in history no mystery oh I suppose for
most of the game until that last section
there's only this one yes they added two
more for the fatigue company you know
infiltration you're absolutely right I
take it back I had 100% piggyback tell
me not this time is he and you do well
to stay clear of me
if your own good that's this is so this
is the real thing fun in games like this
this is a game in which you you find
general Lafayette and summon him to van
I can shoot werewolves with a lightning
gun and it is not fun I know I know
the the battles are far are too far and
in-betweens allegation this mother is
like there's nothing innovative about
the battle it as generic as shooters you
will get yeah even you saw that like
where is just like literally just hide
behind cover take up enemies hide behind
cover take out enemies wash rinse repeat
you don't get to choose like how you're
gonna take out enemies there's not
multiple paths like you can't go ahead
on can't flying it you have to hide
behind cover I three cannot sustain
another blow as great as the loss of
Mallory
holy need to is journey to blackhole
yard for what evidence
yeah this is this is making me want to
play a clear case the last of us commit
less whatever if this if this is similar
to the last of us then I'm not playing
the last of us there's all rather what
is the word the Commissioner so fond of
oh yes
elementary now what do you think I have
no opinion
but here we're playing it we're doing
our duty as reviewers to play in the
entire so if it is true that we have a
traitor in our midst
what is bound to get back to the
conspirators skip cutscenes please you
can't this game is the cutscenes yes if
we okay like the shooting aspects to
this game I don't like you said you
don't like six hours in slasher how many
hours have been the shooting to respond
oh god maybe one one and a half like
there's a little bit more than that
Mallard drastic suck you know what we've
recorded but the ratio is playing the
ratio is completely unbalanced we will
do we will do a side by side of how much
is story and how much is shooting yes
yes but the United house
dot what about like climbs does that
kind of shooting does it fun in any way
shape or form no I mean it's the laziest
fucking platforming
you can do yeah oh my god I think I
accidentally took a picture on this this
patent machine this pad muscle oh not my
place to do what I've gone and get back
to the space I wasn't what you say is
true there lavishes view we can try
happen why am i assistant my iPad
malfunction pad malfunction CAD
malfunction just yeah Thank You Gus yeah
yeah and they're saying the last OS is
predictable still fundation the end and
this like none of the shooting is fun in
this and the story has been this is
baby's first storytelling experience
including the United India House as it
turns out the corporation is evil and
the rebels are the good guy
dig neutral says I heard rich use air
quotes on platforming and you know you
know dig neutral you were absolutely
right
Chapter eleven brothers-in-arms oh yeah
no this cutscene is still happening
people you would be shocked and how much
there's been you really would back
interest of a compound there's a reason
why rich said the game we are playing we
are playing cutscenes right now it's
true yeah
and ready hero I'm controlling the
character again but I can't run well
this is basically interactive cutscene
this is a pseudo cutscene you're still
in hip so I wait here I can't do
anything because the story says I can't
do anything yet can't pull up a gun okay
how much gonna bet this goes to another
cutscene I want to bet $100 bet this
goes to another cutscene oh wait maybe
you guys are gonna see the other
exciting gameplay element oh look at
this look at this this is something you
do in this game a lot is he's get to
supposed you find pieces of paper now
and some of them have like completely
illegible cursive written on them oh no
and you can't move your hand in this one
you gotta move your hand in that one Oh
find another one we'll find another one
where you can move your hand it's
hilarious
what's happening the ordinance is on the
table this one
oh is this a bob wall well no it's a gun
new gun oh here it is so this is what
you get to do do you see what I'm doing
here whole bunch of things you can pick
up and look at and there's no like
gameplay mechanic for this there's no
function to it no there's just a whole
bunch of things you can pick up wave
around with the with the the analog
sticks and then you put them down this
is what I'm doing this is the game but
by the way so this is a tech demo yeah
this is them showing off their fantastic
lighting look at that look at that
lighting can you actually keep this gun
I doubt it but whoa cool
what am I supposed to do now oh there I
did it okay it didn't it didn't
transition into another cutscene over
ancient ones II think so we did cutscene
walk into this room
then another cut then another cutscene
absolutely that's that's this entire
game oh we do get to keep this gun great
in game model viewers exactly
twitchplayspokemon like and it
everything looks great but like most of
it most of it though has been like like
notebook paper with scribbles written on
it yeah uh pictures of random people
that we don't see in the game yep
which is odd bullshit you just pick it
up you look at it wave it around your
hands and you put it back down and it
all looks great in the lighting is
really like look at the lighting I don't
know if this is coming through on on
stream but like the lighting effects are
fantastic this game looks great if I can
say that a couple more times it's really
true
okay ready for a platforming oh oh I'm
sorry Joey Belladonna this is the cross
bowl not good you know difficult born
gun way Richie's just missed some epic
platforming I pressed a button he's
going up am I supposed to go down well
I'm going down so I don't care hope no
canker down I even have this path
available
okay guys ready for epic platforming I'm
gonna press forward and X now I'm gonna
press forward and eggs Prince of Persia
eat your heart out now yeah you know I'm
gonna do next I'm gonna press forward of
X whoa yeah dog rich how am I gonna get
over this banister can you think of
anything benefit uh for demand and and
triangle for two Mac X hey look
another thing forward and eggs oh this
is gonna be a tricky one
let's give it all up don't wind up get a
lineup for next and for the next o OE
Fraggle Oh a QuickTime oven you've got
to break up that foreign exit click the
quick timer
ha ha ha ha ha thinner brains are just
right now it's been a long day it's been
a real long day I'm help fans I'll be
pro gameplay absolutely MLG pro gameplay
right here and here we go final one for
next boom oh man
I'm feeling it also like you can tell
all the areas where you have to climb on
because they all seemingly have bird
shit on them you must have so much bird
shit on your hand out of the end of this
game just don't touch your face don't
pan out trustworthy man it seems not
really here's a debt to repay
that shit happens in uncharted all the
time yeah guess what series I'm not
playing you need to find a safe I could
point the gun let's kill the road to
quite a dramatic entrance you've planned
ok my objective is located Anchor Point
Jack followed the circle followed the
Don is there dauntless yeah where oh my
god then you found the dot
I found the dad look if that's the game
find a dot
press the gun something instantly
something no we didn't walk into the
room while people talk and credit where
credit is due
done done
rich have you played Red Dead Redemption
I like it a lot yeah I love I love the
Spaghetti Westerns so that game just hit
the red spot cool I could stand to use a
mouse during it is my complaint with
just about everyone
nearly every console shooter except for
vanquish sure which is so good it
manages to overcome that in my brain nah
yes
so if they call this an interactive
story would it be better it would need
to have a better story yeah that's
exactly what it would me Rachel I think
it unwise to eliminate company God and
to be a prude there was no time
Aleister you have to trust me oh that's
something rich and I are talking about
is is like if we just were to review
this as a story or as a movie how would
it how to pan out and the answer is it
would be an incredibly bland story or
movie it's 100% predictable this is what
happens when untalented people try to
artistically jerk off oh I think I'm
supposed to stop we have a crossbow it's
probably stalled to shoot people with
the crossbow oh no I think I'm supposed
to like this is a telltale game it feels
a lot like one yep but you know what
they arm $60 new doo-doo-doo-doo so like
this is one of the very few actual
gameplay elements where it's you know
you have to be a little sneaky but as
you see it like I'm just just walking
and then they give you a quick time
event right here and I'm murdering
people well I guess I know there's
vampires already so that's okay
I don't want to shoot him with my
crossbow because I don't know when can
in all fairness I wouldn't consider the
team behind this untalented always when
it comes to storytelling I'm tallying
creating an experience that is fun yeah
artistically so this looks great no this
I love the visuals yeah oh yeah I know
so they had you know what they had some
really fun um some really fun ideas
Nikola Tesla is your weapons designer
some really fun weapons that you don't
get to use I can't remember the name
that the game that did that but there
was another game that had Nikola Tesla
as a phase a character who did like
weapons of light
oh yeah yeah I'm trying to remember the
name of it it's a world Oh God
so get a Dark Void that's where you flew
around with a jetpack nice its
third-person shooter um some really fun
artistic direction that completely falls
flat whenever they ask you to play a
game and I know that it's it's you know
what it I understand that it's too much
for me to ask that I'd be able to play a
game when I play a game now I get that
but I still like playing games
somebody's asking me but I've kind of
talked about before it I'm curious if
you have ah you ever played homeworld oh
damn it I fucked out it's okay
do I have to do the whole thing over
again problem probably homeworld now
real times for a real time strategy game
where you you've you uh direct
spaceships around no I have not played
Oh
a story perspective I'm wondering how
you would feel about that one I don't I
don't know read the manual for the game
this is kind of written like a history
book okay like the main character is
basically the entire race okay they find
out the the desert planet they've been
living on was not the world they
originated in so they build spaceships
looking for their homeworld oh okay
neat idea I think all the other guys are
dead shut fuck shit fuck ah I've played
it I want to like it just because I like
I like spaceships yeah I like directing
spaceships around and I love the story
but it's the real-time strategy aspects
of that game I just don't like homeworld
yeah I like everything about it except
for the type of game it is if you can
find a way to make a turn-based I would
probably love the shit out of it Oh
Ryder how do i funny
keep looking do-do-do-do-do you know I'm
just gonna try shooting one of these
guys with my crossbow I just don't wanna
waste the bolts
yeah
I would like to know if I can could feel
like that would make my life a little
bit easier
they're saying you are the worst Sam
Fisher ever that's probably true that is
probably true it's been a while since
I've played a splinter cell game to be
honest with you I get my boat back hey
dude I cannot
I don't like search this guy or gaming
isn't for you guys anymore
pick another hobby yeah absolutely
absolutely I was thinking about knitting
how do you feel about knitting like then
you make something so I think I think
that would be good just have a key I
won't rich play ocarina of time I have I
shot him I shot him with my fucking
crossbow I shot him with my fucking
goddamn crossbow what what just after
after a shot with a crossbow he shot me
I'm sorry maybe the it's not an instant
death weapon then assume maybe it was a
still thing did you get a head shot
everyone else instantly died Oh everyone
else instantly died did you get a head
shot anyone else no okay I got a head
shot on no one on exactly fucking no one
gosh fucking fuck you said you say
ocarina I say o karna who gives a fuck
we do say o karana its ocarina flute
flute of time we don't have to I have
played I have played flute of time yeah
I enjoyed it it's not my favorite zelda
game there's like three or four others
above it and that's okay that is okay I
mean I link to the past winwaker and
twilight princess i rank above okarin oh
and you know i'll tell you this after i
recently replayed twilight princess and
madame man is it that um Wind Waker is
beautiful when the Lakers it up
yeah looking good but Twilight Princess
a little too cutscene heavy little to
front and heavy you go through so much
in that game before you get to be a link
it's really upsetting and that's not
even saying I don't like fluid of time I
do I just in terms of Zelda games I
ranked it fourth flute of time is fourth
sure
flute of time ah that game should always
be called flute of time by the way okay
I've got a flute the flute of time and
you'll say it will be mine
Jack and Rich played Dishonored I played
it a little bit but my computer used to
be a piece of shit I was getting like 20
frames per second I might I'm thinking
about picking it up again now that I've
got the good computer it looks like a
decent thief game the whole time I was
playing dishonored I get it you're like
ah they're not too far in Dover a little
bit it kept reminding me of the classic
thief games and that's a good thing
sure weird weird religious factions kind
of an interesting world stealth-based
I'm sure thief was a huge influence
actually I've seen online there's a
thief Easter egg oh yeah yeah there's
some back crumb background characters
that kind of act out something that
happens in the thief tutorial level okay
if you played the new thief game I don't
really want to it I've heard it's fairly
linear I've heard it doesn't have much
to do with the older games I don't like
the new voice III don't like the that
that apprentice character they gave
Garrett's um I'm not super interested
though I did get it pretty cheap with
the last Humble Bundle that's good it
was like seven dollars and thirty cents
along with eight other games oh yeah
pick it up okay this last card okay you
know what
fuck it fucking fuck didn't fuck this
game
and sub alert still broken yeah we're
stranded we're streaming from the ps4 so
so the sub alert is just not it's just
not a part of this on some alert was set
in the open broadcaster which happens
when we stream through the PC but this
is being streamed through the ps4 due to
technical issues do do so we're we're
you're probably not hearing it we're not
here - Oh weird it's definitely not
playing basically oh yeah yeah 100%
because but you know I'd like to think
that this is streaming through the ps4
you know and actually this is this is
really nice as far as ease of ease of
use streaming through the ps4 rich for
top things you put on your burgers
cheese always sure lettuce tomatoes
mayonnaise onions and optionally bacon
optionally bacon yeah
no ketchup no pickles and definitely no
mustard area there's a guy
we're in the guards on now
uh you know what you know what I like I
like the California style like mayo
lettuce tomato bacon cheese mayo on a
burger I think is an underrated thing I
really enjoy mayonnaise like just in
general
stealth anit up stepping it up
this guy feel like is gonna come back
whoo
why talk about my my burger talking
stretches ah
race these are the important things
how's the game going
I'm just so worried about losing Oh see
you have to redo that I've located the
tee take it and make your way through
what are they doing this about other
bodies by the way I shot that guy and
when he fell I apparently heard the key
fall yeah so that's how I knew that this
guard had the key
let's find thing good luck the gate a
sound cues fine thing oh no I can only
assume I heard the sound I didn't hear
the sound oh my god just said I have
caught okay check kill his last card
just for clean don't don't don't take
any risks right you can get out of there
safely just get out of her yeah except I
don't know where to go dude dude dude
dude dude where's my glowing where's my
glowing button I don't know where's my
going button that tells me exactly where
to go science so lost
to answer your question rich the games
going fucking awful did I ask a question
about a game this games like what this
game oh oh because I asked you oh oh oh
nevermind I'm right come on out tougher
that's red
drunk day like knows the thief this is
Musa Taffer this is not the gate I need
to open
they don't say Taffer in the new thief
they just say fuck which is kind of a
shame Taffer
yeah the thief games made of their own
swear word oh okay that gets used
frequently ah yeah tougher sure the new
one they just say fuck you oh fuck you
you fuck
how's that oh yeah that's real fun huh
where do I have to go where do I hope I
get moving
oh that could be a gate
are there still bear fights though well
if they don't say Taffer
I kind of doubt they have the bear
fights you never see one but they've
games they mentioned going to bear
fights ah so you go into the bear fights
tonight found the gate did you know jack
they don't make bears like they used to
yeah is that something they said yeah
great good apparently at the time thief
game still plays the Bears are kind of
sick back in the day they didn't used to
have that fancy knife furius traps to
him now what do they do
gum each other now now antiqued as long
as your finger please really like the
thief game I love the thief games you
guys might tell how does the original
thief hold up visually not very well
visually it's the equivalent of stick
figures it's like they don't even have
like polygons for the nose in the
original show it was like n64 graphics
kind of yeah but not as blurry and ugly
right an n64 graphic that's really funny
like this is wrong
like what I'm doing these wrong
are there any visual mods for thief I
just you know what I haven't played
around with yet I saw one the other day
it's gonna day I don't remembering
specifically what the name was I think
it was just called like the thief HD mod
oh it might make the game look too fancy
I don't know but I haven't I haven't
played around with a shit shit fuck fuck
I probably don't have to go way back to
the beginning cuz there was a cousin I'd
take over but you know the layout better
than I do at this point so I think this
is all you Jack oh great
great the guy over here wait for the guy
great then we go up here I went up here
but there's also a guy up here so we
have to be careful
I know I'm asking a lot about thief but
is there any chance you will stream the
original you know I I already did once a
little bit during the the rich Evan solo
stream extravaganza oh yeah
I streamed it until the game actually
crashed after I alt-tab to say something
in the chat and I I hadn't saved in like
45 minutes um no but I'll probably
stream it again someday I don't know
when there's a lot of things we want to
stream but I would not be shocked at all
if at some point i stream horse thief so
so rendezvous with Lucas now probably
the other way come on I don't know where
you fucking are man give me a break
are you at the doors now that I just
need to take out the guards where are
you
are there more guards I'll write ya over
it's just saying over here doesn't help
me okay rich I enjoy listening to you
talk about thief but I got it on your
recommendation and kind of hated ass
nice huh I'm sorry about last wing I'm
not not every game is for everybody yeah
he wants us to have the communicator
from here on good point yeah
at least I'm assuming you didn't pay
much for it you know this point right I
hope you did
where did she come from
you
doesn't matter you know what doesn't
matter
all right our
imagine if there was no mic and we just
had to watch the game
oh I'd be so sorry I'd be really really
sorry cuz I have to play the game I'm
sorry to myself huh did you get past the
stealth section I got past the stealth
second would you like 200 here look at
this oh look at that look at that great
lighting doesn't that look great
you're gonna let you get it
what around I'll flip it over oh wait
don't forget flip it over yay
my dearest Elizabeth great hey guy right
you want to take over oh god sure forget
I don't forget I inverted okay oh yeah
yeah on the end the inversion front I am
I'm allowing myself to fully switch over
yeah it's weird sometimes but I'm
putting up with it I like it when does
Kevin Spacey give you the robot arm
right ah geez someone's saying man I
thought FTL was boring oh we're still
oneself apparently there's more stealth
look look what happens I give the
controller guess I'm I'm crouched we
should say something that crouched yeah
I'm Mac Oh automatic we're not doing
that they didn't there's no Crouch
button the game just crouches for you
the game Crouch is for you because you
can't be bothered to know that you
should crouch when you're being stealthy
fuck it fuck everything um it's right
outside here wasn't this Bacchus turn on
areas easy
remember hot idea oh if he comes close
again remember the QuickTime events yep
a hunkered down rich that's right
oh my god Alejandra Alejandra is working
on a space cop mod first belenki huh
okay I saw I saw your tweet Alejandra I
am so excited I will play that I will
make sure everyone plays that I think
I'm done where you came from no I did
not I came from outside all right
I just noticed the new on-air ticker
thing on the stream yeah that's for
octave automatically but up against the
door of course you don't have to worry
about playing the game at all that's
because we are streaming directly from
the PlayStation 4 and that that just
shows up there and there's no way to
turn it off which is fine which is fine
i think that you know i'm i'm happy with
this dream i think it's working
it's a little easier to set it up on the
ps4 than it is an open broadcaster 2 3
oh come on
i'm stuck by the thing umm what else can
we talk about did you see did you see
the power rangers gritty reboot thing i
I'm assuming that's a fan thing it well
but it's a fan thing made by a real
director ok I I didn't watch it but I
saw it ok
I watched it it oh it almost it's a it's
a who's over there I see that that gun
but just bobbing around does he you look
at you it's sticking straight on the top
of somebody's head no need for sure see
oh no those must have been rots
I guess that Bush just looks like a gun
and a head bump it up I'll suggest Ben
rots Oh careful there's another garden
right back do I need to attack them what
am I where am I going
I admit I wish I just took over I don't
know what's going on where you been
you can figure this out oh yeah Dawson
was a little much in it james Van Der
Beek is in it and um and some lady from
Battlestar who you wouldn't know who
made it the guy I don't know like he's
he's a big music video director he
directs a bunch of music videos one
music video of his that I really loved
as he did the heated the Meuse music
video for Knights of Cydonia huh where
it's like a space Western but like like
a 70s movie about a Western with laser
technology ok really cool music video he
you know but but you
big deal gritty reboot it's almost it's
funny though like it's it's almost a
piece of comedy where like they're
making like the gritty version of Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers and it's like you
can't go zack snyder gritty with the
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers I was or
can you know well they will of course
they will but aren't they since they're
still like a children's version on TV oh
yeah they won't then no no like well
they quit there is talk of like a real
Power Rangers movie like a big
blockbuster Power Rangers movie which
I'd be cool with I love the idea of
giant robots fighting giant monsters I'm
100% down with that but
so should I take all these guys out or
no was he the guy who made red I do not
believe that dr. tallow says the guy who
did the Power Rangers reboot is the guy
who directed red so you told me well I'm
telling to Chad that and I don't believe
it
no offense no offense to the guy who did
the Power Rangers reboot but it's not
dread
well J and Mike Nam might not have liked
Pacific Rim but I liked Pacific Rim it
was all right by me I hate that game who
Jane I'm out of the game in that movie
that's why someone is saying but I
thought rlm hated Pacific Rim I don't
remember what they thought of it
honestly I don't remember either but I
enjoyed Pacific Rim it wasn't my
favorite but I thought it was pretty
cool actually I haven't seen it since
the Thea

[Part II]
Oh, yeah, or else I'd just buy them.
Which I, you know, I just need to pace myself.
I'm gonna run out of stories, and then I'm gonna have to start buying individual comics, and that's, that's when you're addicted.
I just don't...you know, I don't wanna be addicted to comics again.
Maybe I won't read that issue you loaned me, then.
No, you should.
It's great.
All right, where the fuck am I supposed to go?
They're saying that's why you need the dots.
Oh, I like comics.
I like comics, and I'm really enjoying the storyline, so...I'm looking forward to it.
I'm trying to get up there.
It's not letting me climb.
Oh, there we go.
Oh, you know what it was?
What?
I was waiting for the prompt.
I'm so used to it.
I'm so used to it, I was waiting for it.
They have, it's weird, they have prompts for everything in this game...
Yep.
Except the platforming.
Yeah.
It's so weird.
Why, isn't that an awful place to be in, where, where like, you're so, you, you get so, it's Stockholm Syndrome.
You're so used to the prompts that when you're not there you miss them.
The game is dark.
Yeah...gritty.
I read Hellboy.
I like, I like some Hellboy.
I don't like all Hellboy.
I like some Hellboy.
Let me know when the battery's getting low.
We have the other one, or we have a plug.
What do you want?
Gimme the plug.
I gotta, I gotta go get a plug.
I gotta get a plug.
Wait, wait, don't bother.
It's right here.
Oh, Rich, Rich has got a plug.
Oh, fuck.
Don't worry, guys.
Rich has got the plug.
Ah, Jebus.
The buttplug.
I got the plug plug.
Plug plug plug.
I got the plug pluhh...
Oh, god.
This one is comically short.
Comically short.
Is there another plug plug?
I'll, I'll deal for now.
But when you play...
Oh, yeah.
...you're gonna have to...oh, shit.
Why do they even call you a knight in this game?
Do you have a code of honor?
Do you serve a lord?
You're technically a Knight of the Round Table.
Yes.
Like, a King Arthur Knight of the Round Table.
Yes, you take an elixir that gives you healing powers and...
From the Holy Grail.
From the Holy Grail.
And it's very much Arthurian legend.
Yes.
Only with machine guns, and no armor.
And laser guns, also.
Lightning, lighning guns.
Lightning guns.
Lightning guns.
And so you are a knight, you are a spectre...
Respect Tesla.
In fact, you are Sir Gallahad.
Yeah.
You are, I mean, you are not the Sir Gallahad, you are...
You might be.
They, they imply you can live centuries.
Sure, I suppose.
You might be Sir Gallahad.
And so, but also the knights retake their master's name, and whatever, you know.
Oh, that's true.
So, you, in any case, you are a Knight of the Round Table, you serve Mother England, um, but, you know, you're kind of the, the super reinforcers of England.
Something I, I observe about this game...
Yes.
You're, you're an English knight.
Mm-hmm.
And you're fighting to stop a revolution.
Yes.
This is the most unAmerican game I've ever played.
Yes.
Because if you beat this game, you are helping the British defeat the Revolution.
Yes, they have Grail access, and so they are almost, they are immortal, but they can still die if they get shot.
So, like, if they just lived their lives and no one stabbed them, then they would live forever.
They cannot die through aging.
Some of them look old.
They may age slow.
Yes.
If someone is calling this a Gears of War clone, they do it...
Gears of War has far too much going on.
Yeah, I was gonna, that's the thing, they do a disservice to Gears of War, like...just because something has chest-high walls and, and a cover system, does not make it a Gears of War clone.
Gears of War had things happening.
It had fun battles.
We talked about this.
I really like that.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
You can do it, Rich.
Eh.
Not that time.
I don't care enough what happens to me.
Like, let's get through this.
C'mon.
Oh, really?
Heh, more like "Gears of Bore. Amirite, guys?"
Yes, that was a great one.
That was a great one, Burster.
Oh, he said shotgun specialist.
Yeah.
Ughhh!
Shotgun specialist!
Fuck this game.
You can do it, Rich.
I believe in you.
Yeah, yeah.
I believe in you!
I believe in a thing called love!
Just listen to the rhythm of your heart!
Could you not shoot again right away, or it takes a little...
No.
Not this game.
That's fine.
You can do it, Rich.
I believe in you.
I believe in Rich!
Yeah, punch him in the dick!
Uh...
Got what he deserved.
Yes.
Whenever you melee someone, I refer to it as punching someone in the dick because early on, uh, it, it looked like you punched someone in the dick.
Punch 'em in the dick!
Punch 'em in the dick!
We be punching people's dicks in here!
What the hell is wrong with you?
What?
What is wrong with you?
Dickpunch specialist!
I am not, I have, I am 100% sober, as we discussed at the beginning of the stream.
There is no beer here, which is very upsetting to me, as someone who is hoping to have a beer.
Uh, need a beer.
There is no beer.
We're just gonna have to be okay with that.
We're just gonna roll with the punches.
Roll with it.
Rich and I have been playing this game since one o'clock this afternoon.
Because we, you know, like everyone, we had heard that it was phenomenally short.
We did take a pretty long break in the, uh, in the evening.
I wanna say we have maybe seven, eight hours in so far.
So...
There was a little bit of fucking around going on early.
Yeah, there was a little bit of fucking around, and we took a break, like, we took a dinner break, and a chat break.
Everything looks so great.
Punch 'em in the dick!
It is, BilleHecka, it is, and usually there's beer here, but there's not.
Who's shooting?
Where are they at?
Behind me?
In the lower...level?
They gotta be in the lower level.
Oh, there he is.
There it is.
How's the game, alphanumeric or chronological, or chronologic?
Uh, this game is Chrohn's Disease.
It's poopin'.
Uh...medic?
No, he's not.
Is he?
I don't know.
He's gotta be.
Oh, shit!
Punch 'em in the dick!
Dick punch!
Now that other guy?
Punch 'em right in the dick!
This game looks good.
Really?
Is that a thing that was said?
That's what they're saying, and I agree.
I agree, this game looks good.
Bye, MrShySmile, thanks for coming out.
Steam Pay-Per-View.
This game is Crohn's Disease.
Is this coming out for Steam?
I'm looking it up.Dickpunching always saves the day.
Take a mental note.
In a tight spot?
Punch a dick.
Hold on, guys.
Important story is happening.
Pause, pause for story.
Is that The Order?
This is an exhilirating story.
The vampire conspiracy, Jack.
Yeah.
Don't forget about that.
Oh, my god.
There are vampires in this game.
Yeah, do you remember when that happened?
That was kinda fun.
We've just been shooting people in standard, boring, cover-base shooters.
That's right, we shot more people, we've been shooting more people.
Oh, god.
So far, I think we've been playing this game for, like, seven hours total.
Wasn't I gonna look up, something about dickpunching?
I thought I was gonna look up something about dickpunching, but I forgot.
Um...uh, reverse vampires.
They're all reverse vampires.
Ughh...
Cover my ass, you people!
Just, nobody, nobody helped me out up there.
No, no.
None of my people.
None of my people helped me out.
Nope.
Did you try punching anyone in the dick?
Oh, here we go.
I should have.
Punch 'em in the dick!
Also, we gotta get you a better gun.
Your ma-, I like how your machine handgun is more effective than your high-powered rifle.
Those things are impossible to use.
Yeah.
You can do it.
Shotgun specialist!
Ughh...
Now she's out of bullets.
Back, I'm back to the musket.
We've punched each other in the genitals for hours!
I would rather play, I would rather play, is there a name for that kind of showdown?
No, it was just showdown.
It was just the showdown.
I would rather play a game called Showdown in which you and another person shoot each other in the genitals for seven hours, and whoever gets the most times in the genitals loses.
But a game...
They take turns shooting each other in the genitals.
That's right.
But a game like this with really realistic graphics, where you see just, like, blood and intestines pouring out of the genital, genital wounds.
Ughh....no, don't call it Western Ore Musical: The Game.
Just call it Showdown.
Uh...The Order on...that's what I was gonna look up, is this game on Steam.
No, this is only on PlayStation 4.
This is a PlayStation 4 exclusive.
Um, we'll see if they're going to, uh, go anywhere else.
No.
Play...PS4 exclusive, so I don't even know where I can write a bad review of this game.
Yeah.
All I can do is make a, make an internet video, and hope that people don't buy this game.
They actually want me to use a grenade launcher, so I'm going to take it.
Grenade launcher is shockingly hard to use.
Does it ever actually explode?
Do you have to press a button?
Do you have to press R1 to make it explode?
Ah.
That's dumb.
Yeah, it's dumb.
Everything's dumb.
Um...oh, is that true?
In Sniper Elite, you can obliterate a dude's ball with a sniper bullet, and it zooms in on an anatomically detailed X-RAY version of his balls getting destroyed.
That sounds like fun.
That sounds like Dick Punching: The Game.
Oh, god.
Oh, god.
Exclusive?
No, that's what they're saying.
Scream my review at a hobo.
Yes.
That will be in my review.
I'll just find a hobo.
No, there is no multiplayer.
This is a single-player-only game.
No multiplayer.
This game makes Call of Duty look worth it, if you can believe that.
If you can believe that.
No, PS4 is not a thinktank, by the way, for those asking, "Wait, is PS4 a think tank?"
Oop.
Oh, god.
That's stupid.
Stupid suit of armor guy.
A fucking suit of armor.
He gotcha again, from down there?
He's using a, he's using a rocket launcher.
There ya go.
Well, there ya go.
That was really mean, Jack.
I'm sorry, but it had to be said.
It had to be said.
It had to be said!
Ay yi yi...
Who are they shooting?
Where is he?
I don't, I don't know.
That's a, this is an amazing game.
What are you, what are you, what are you supposed to be doing?
This is, this is an amazing game.
Amazing.
It's amazing.
I'm so amazed.
Oh, there's still people down there to shoot at?
That's the thing.
I'm...
It's a fucking shooting gallery.
Yeah.
There's, there's no, just...
No, there's no...
Stay in your perch and shoot at things.
Oh...
Stay in your perch and shoot at things, and if you ever are low on health, duck down.
It'll be fine.
Rich, should we consider destroying this game on Best of the Worst?
Um, possibly.
Pos-, the answer is possibly, everybody.
Is the chat loving the game?
Ughh...
Are we going till we're done, as long as it takes?
I mean, listen, we, we usually stream until odd hours of the night.
I know.
I know.
We'll have to wait and see what chapter we're on.
I don't know what chapter we're on.
There's sixteen, right?
There are sixteen chapters to this game, and I don't know which one we're on.
Some of them are short cutscene chapters.
Yes.
Then there's long cutscene chapters.
It took twelve years to make.
Twelve years to play.
What, what is more fun: The Order, or an AOL trial CD?
Well, AOL trial CD's, you can, like, throw those around like frisbees.
And those make fun noises.
You can, like, pretend you're Tron and just, like, throw those at people.
Yep.
Uh, and AOL trial CD's, you get for free.
This, you have to pay sixty bucks for.
Oh, I gotta search the archives.
Jesus.
Ooh, you get to look at more things.
I'm searching the archives.
Oh.
Oh.
Nothing there, nothing there!
Nothing there!
Keep searching the archives.
Look for another button to press, goddammit.
Oh, oh, searching the archives!
Oh.
Searching, what are we gonna find in the archives?
Oh.
Oh, nope.
Wait.
Rustle those papers.
Yeah, oh, you rustle 'em.
Oh, oh.
You f-, oh.
Peanut Butter.
Oh!
It looks like peanut butter.
There's nothing hear, he says.
After he stole peanut butter.
So he just stole the peanut butter.
Yep.
He's getting that peanut butter.
Search that drawer.
Search it.
Look what I'm doing, Jack.
I'm searching the drawer.
You sure are.
You sure are.
That was, these exciting things you can do in a video game.
You can open a drawer.
Jack, how much would you pay for this game, now that you've played it for a while?
If this, this game feels like a tech demo.
As, as we discussed, like, the in-game model viewer, right?
Where it's, like, if this game was, like, free to install, to try out a graphics card, I think I would be fine with that.
Look, look, I'm, I'm...
Look, you inspect, oh, turn it over.
Flip it over.
Oh, oh.
Dusty LeStrade Devontis...something French?
Great.
Great.This is important because...
That's important, but look at, by the way...
...because...
Look at the shading.
Wiggle it around.
Wiggle it around.
Look at that shading.
Oooh.
This is important because this is a thing you can pick up because...because...um, because...
RichEvansMurdersHobos says, "Best drawer search simulator ever."
No, I would, I would not pay any money for this.
I cannot be more clear about that.
I see you guys throwing down money.
Zero dollars.
I, and by the way, I would download it, pay zero dollars, but then I would quickly uninstall it because it would take up too much, uh, space.
Yeah, oh yeah, way too much space.
What did it say on the back of the box?
Fifty gigabytes?
Fifty gigabytes.
Yep.
Requires fifty gigabytes.
Yeah.
Jesus fuck.
Right.
No skipping.
No skipping.
No...
Are you trying to skip the cutscene?
Yeah, I just tried.
Oh, okay.
How do I get back?
Uh...
No skipping.
You are pressing buttons right now.
It made sure I went right back to where I was.
Yep.
It's great.
Great.
See, this is Rich, you hear Rich pressing buttons.
You cannot skip the cutscenes.
And I don't skip cutscenes in games.
Still smaller than Titanfall, they say.
Jesus Christ, how much space does that take up?
I have no idea.
Well, but that had actual gameplay.
Yeah, but it's all multiplayer.
For a game with no multi...exactly.
It's, it's so fucked up.
Oh.
Oh, a vampire.
Ooh, a vampire dick!
Punch 'em in the vampire dick.
Oh, that dick.
I would pay zero Zorkmids for this game, yes.
Oh, I fucking called it.
I fucking called it, the brother.
The brother was the traitor.
I fucking called it.
This game was written by a fifteen-year old.
Written by a goddamn fifteen-year old.
The big business guy is the bad guy, the guy we...this brother character, this guy, that guy right here, we barely see him the entire game.
Jack said this would happen hours ago.
Yes.
Hours ago.
Oop.
Uh-oh.
Oh, did you miss it?
Yeah, I missed it.
Try again.
Don't worry.
Try again.
Don't worry.
No worries, it's fine, it's fine.
Yeah.
You know, if they wanted some consequences, they'd make you watch the cutscene again.
From the start.
All right.
That's right, you haven't heard all these.
Ugh.
Oh, god.
Why the fuck are werewolves and vampires even relevant to the story?
Right!
Because they're not.
Like, we barely have been dealing, 90% of this game is dealing with the rebels, who, and, and by the way, shocker of all shockers, the rebels are the good guys.
Oop, not that way.
There you go.
Um, ughh...aw, fuck.
This was written by the guy that wrote the John Adams mini-series.
Well, then he, I don't know if that was any good.
If it was, then he fucked up this time, or was cashing a paycheck.
This sucks.
He's a werewolf?
Or there are werewolves.
That could be it, too.
There just are werewolves now.
Not fast enough.
Rebels are the bad guys in FTL, which makes FTL fun and interesting.
I mean, that doesn't make it a fun and interesting game, but that, I really like that, I thought that was a neat thing because all you ever see is "The rebels are actually the good guys".
The John Adams mini-series was fucking fantastic.
Well, then, then this, then he was cashing a paycheck here.
He might have done good work once.
This is not it.
Or, it got so mangled by the development...now you gotta run up and press triangle.
Yeah.
Okay.
You earned a trophy!
Congratulations, Rich!
You did that thing in the game that you were already supposed to be doing, and you earned a trophy for it.
You fucking did it.
Oh, don't worry, there's another werewolf.
Yeah, trophies that you naturally get just by doing...all trophies are stupid...
All trophies are...
The ones that you get naturally just by playing the story mode...
Yeah.
...are retarded.
Are dumb.
Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb.
The werewolves are helping the vampires.
Yes, they are working together.
The werewolves and vampires are working together.
Not very efficiently, I'll say that.
Oop.
Oh, yeah, you gotta dickpunch 'em.
Ugh...IsolateMutate, why are werewolves always in werehouses?
Werehouses.
That's really funny.
I get it, but it's kind of true in this game.
In this game, by the way, that has been our only werewolf encounters.
That's too clever to be an inside joke.
They took this game very seriously.
Yeah.
Very seriously.
Yep.
Like, even, like, Underworld, I, I see a lot of people comparing this to Underworld, werewolves, and vampires.
Underworld, at least, understood the schlock it was.
You know, women in skin-tight outfits.
Like, action sequences.
This is trying very desperately to be serious.
Stab the dick, stab the dickwolf!
Dickwolf?
Is that a thing?
Underworld did have Kate Beckinsale in a skin-tight outfit.
Try again.
Try again.
Don't worry.
Just try again.
Ugh...
Don't worry, just try again.
Just try again, fucking try again.
Doesn't matter.
Oh, we have a friend request.
Yeah, whatever.
We're not answering friend requests right now.
Oh, you still lose the fight.
We offered to make him immortal, which he already was because of the Holy Grail.
Right.
Or no, or he just was a werewolf.
Lady is back.
And French knight.
Dick Wolf is Law and Order, you're right.
That's why that sounded familiar.
Oh, man, guys.
Is this where we get arrested?
Now we're at the start of the game.
Oh, sure, for, for...
From here on out, there are consequences to these characters we saw in the opening.
There, there was a, there was a, this so far, what we've been playing has been a flashback.
There was an opening sequence in which we escaped from prison.
I wanna play Dishonored now.
Or play a fun steampunk fantasy game.
Yep.
Yeah, so far this has all been flashback, by the way, because they, the first sequence, we're escaping from prison.
This sucks.
This game sucks so much.
Chapter twelve.
Four more.
Four more chapters.
Four more.
We can do that.
We can do four more chapters.
This, this might be a whole chapter right here.
Sure.
A hundred percent cutscene.
Sir Gallahad was a reference, not his actual name.
What?
They call the character Sir Gallahad.
No, this character, his name is Sir Gallahad.
But they...
They mentioned something about namesakes.
They mentioned something about when a knight passes, the knight that takes their place also takes their name.
But then again, the Holy Grail is also involved, so that could be Sir Gallahad.
Yes.
We don't really know.
Yes.
That could be the twist.
Like, one of the, one of the knights who died is 600 years old.
Right.
Now, remember, guys, he's the bad guy.
Oop, what happened?
I, I don't know.
Is this a game?
We blacked out, like, mid-sentence.
Oh.
And, and came back in the same room.
Oh.
Okay.
Right.
Sir Mustache Twirler, right?
That might as well be his name.
Yes, 600 years old.
They are throwing every schlock trope ever into this, but they're doing it seriously.
They're not having any fun with it.
That's the shocking part.
This is seriousness-ness.
Is it?
When are they gonna reveal that Lord Hastings, when are they gonna reveal that his real name is Dracula?
No, I'm s-, I'm being dead serious.
You think?
I think he's gonna end up being Dracula.
Jesus Christ.
That, I mean, I mean, yes.
And they're gonna play it straight.
Yeah.
A hundred and ten percent.
Oop.
Sorry.
Echo?
Is there an echo in here?
Huh?
Is there an echo in here?
Is there an echo in here?
There's a little bit of an echo in here.
Ugh, jeez.
Oh, god.
Yeah, we know what happened!
They're telling us things we've seen!
That's the other thing.
We know he gets, we know he ends up in prison, we know he's convicted, but they're showing us this trial so they can explain the things we've already seen.
Fuck you.
That's the thing.
That's the thing, guys.
We already know he's, he goes to jail.
We already know this.
God-fucking-dammit.
Tell, don't show.
You're right, HometownMarkup.
This is a modern game.
Ugh.
LostInTechnicolor says, "Bring in Sir Exposition!"
Sheesus.
Augghhh...we know he ended up in jail!
It, the game started with him in jail!
We know they're all going to say guilty.
We know this.
Dia-, well, you see, dialogue that says things you already know is the hallmark of great writing.
Just, just, just let me shoot at the vampire.
It's all I wanna do.
I wanna shoot the vampire.
But, you know what, Rich?
This game looks really good.
Can I fight another werewolf?
A boring-to-fight werewolf, cuz, he knocks you down and runs away, knocks you down and runs away, and you just keep shooting at him till he dies because he's not knocking you down and running away.
He's not gonna kill ya because he just runs away after he knocks you down.
Just keep shooting at the werewolf.
Eventually, he's gonna die...
Actually, RevCo says something very funny, uh, "Do you think that you will win with an actual Excalibur?"
Yes.
Wait, but there hasn't been any swords so far, but I've been predicting Excalibur will show up at some point.
I'm pretty sure Excalibur is going to stab Dracula.
Oh, sure.
The game is going to end with Excalibur stabbing Dracula, and they will play it straight.
And for those who don't know, this is a recap of the first thing that played in the game.
The first 45 minutes of the game.
This is a quick recap of the first...
Which is one extended cutscene with the occasional button prompt.
Yes.
Do you think there is a machine gun called Excalibur?
That would be awesome.
Like, the barrel's sticking out of a rock.
If, by the way, if it was that, if that happened, 10/10.
A+ game.
But they'll, they'll manage to make it boring.
They'll play it so straight, it'll be boring.
Oh, okay.
By the way, yeah, that was the whole chapter.
That entire one cutscene was the chapter.
Chapter thirteen.
Here we are already.
Great.
Oh, there's, there's Tesla.
That's Nikola Tesla.
He's your weapons guy.
Younger-looking one.
I don't know who that other guy is.
JohnKilo3 says, no, he gets to stab the Dracula with Excalibur, but the Dracula is eaten by the Loch Ness Monster.
And they'll, they'll make it boring.
And you see, guys, you see how we're writing a better game than this is?
Because we, like, take it so over the top that it's funny, like, that it's fun.
And they're playing it very seriously.
This is very serious business.
Hold on, let's see what Tesla's gonna tell us.
What, does my breath stink?
Nah, he gives us the juice.
The black goo.
The black goo that gives us...
The black Holy Grail goo, cuz for some reason the Holy Grail creates black goo?
Yeah.
No, no, we have three more chapters left, guys.
Three more chapters.
We can do it.
We can do this.
You want me to play now?
Do you want to?
I mean, one of us has to.
I could, it could be my turn, if you feel like it being my turn.
Nikola Tesla was in the U.S., and didn't design conventional weaopns.
What is he doing in this?
Yeah, the first thing Nikola Tesla does when they introduce him, he doesn't give you some weird electrical device, he hands you a, uh, uh, a sniper rifle, with a scope on it.
Yep.
Cuz he built, he built the scope.
He built the scope.
A normal scope, like, made out of a piece of metal.
Nikola Tesla, the, the mad scientist genius...
Yes.
...who did weird fucking things with electricity and physics, built a sniper rifle scope for you.
Yep.
An ordinary-looking sniper rifle scope for you.
And you said, "Eh, it's, it's pretty good."
No, this is the dumbest, guys.
That's why I was giving this game a chance.
Eh, all right, all right, this might get good.
I gave it a chance, I did.
In my brain.
In your brain.
I wanted to like this game.
Cuz I love, you know, I love some of the art designs, and the costumes, and everything looks beautiful.
Yep.
And I think this kind of modern, semi-modernized, steampunk, Knights of the Round Table, that's a cool idea if they just let themselves have fun with it.
Yes.
Which...
Fun.
...they did not.
I've heard that about games, that sometimes they can be fun.
This needs some schlock.
Yeah.
This neesd some schlock.
Full-on schlock.
Less, less cutscene-y stuff, more schlock.
More schlock, 20% more schlock.
Bump it up to 40% more schlock, and you got yourself some makins.
That would, this is all, by the way, and this has been happening, we have not touched the controller for...ten minutes?
Something like that.
We have not touched the controller in quite some time.
That whole trial, I wasn't in control of anything.
Yep.
This is a game, people.
This is a game.
Yeah, I think, I don't think I touched the controller for all of chapter twelve..
Yep.
No, you didn't.
A fortnight is, like, a week.
Two weeks.
Is it?
I think so, yeah.
Well, you can play...
I'll play.
...I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I mean, I guess, I don't think I'll have to.
I'm just, I'll just sit here, I'll just sit here and watch the boring thing happen.
Fortnight equals two weeks?
Thank you for, for confirming.
This is the newest genre of gaming: background games.
ElvisDelvis...I'm really sorry for torturing you guys.
Oh, wait.
I think I get to move now.
I might get to move now.
It's true.
Oh, we're in the next, that was a whole 'nother chapter.
That was two full chapters of nothing but cutscenes.
Congratulations, The Order.
You suck harder.
You suck the hardest.
Oh, wait.
I have to, I play inverted, still.
Okay.
Where are we going, this way?
This the way we were going?
Where are we going?
Where are we going, this way?
That was a chapter.
Right.
You guys saw that, right?
That was an actual goddamn chapter.
This game is meant for having on in the background, setting the mood.
Okay, I'm playing now.
Shit.
Oh, I shot you in the face!
Next time, I'm gonna shoot you in the dick.
Oh, I shot you in the dick!
How we doing?
Uh, we went through another chapter of nothing but cutscenes.
Oh, sweet!
Sweet!
Here you go.
Here you go.
That's progress.
Oh...
That's progress.
Right?
Uh, I have a gun again.
And I don't really know what I'm doing.
I really like this gun, actually.
I'm gonna hold on to this.
More guards are coming down the left tunnel.
How many chapters are actual gameplay?
About five?
Oh, if that.
Boom.
Rich is doing something much more fun.
It's playing Don't Shit Your Pants.
Live version.
Right?
Guns?
Like, I like my revolver.
I like my revolver.
I can't believe Rich actually came back.
Right?
It was a shock to us all.
You sit around and drink wine with your goth friends, and every twenty minutes you play the game for two minutes.
Yeah, he was calling this, like, a mood enhancer, and I like that.
I can't, apparently I can't be in cover anymore.
They don't like me in cover.
Did I do that?
You might have hit an exploding thing.
On accident?
Great.
Oh, shit.
Why can't I get in cover?
That's really annoying.
You're holding a lamp.
You can't get in cover when you're holding a lamp.
Why not?
You can't.
I, I had a lamp a section earlier.
No, but I'm saying that doesn't make any sense.
I know.
I couldn't get into cover or use anything other than a pistol.
All right.
He can't, he can't, he's incapable of putting the lantern down to take cover, or use a two-handed weapon briefly.
Sure.
Hence, he's incapable.
We're doing it.
Okay, calling a cutscene a chapter is fucking cheap.
Doing it twice in a row is unforgiveable.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, I'm, I'm with ya.
I'm absolutely with ya.
Chapter eleven.
Creative bankruptcy.
Oh, here we go!
I'm not taking credit for any of these things I've been saying.
I am reading the chat.
Yeah.
All right, guys, we're go-, we're gettin' on.
We're gettin' on with the game.
We're doing it.
We're gettin' on gettin' on.
We are beating this game tonight.
Not like it's hard.
It's just time-consuming.
No, no, OzMike, we, we had to pay for this game.
Yeah.
We don't have any weird deal with anybody who, who reviews, no, we...
Nope.
We had to go to the store today, and we paid for this.
Yep.
Thanks, in part, to all of our...
Yes.
...wonderful subscribers.
Thank you all.
This is all, this is where your money went.
How does that make you feel?
We very much appreciate it.
Speak for yourself.
No, this is...
I would make my kids play this game when they get in trouble.
Aw, th-, no, you didn't do your homework?
That's two chapters.
You have to play two chapters.
Man, I hope it's a cutscene chapter.
No, but you hold the controller, like you wanna play.
Oh, sheez.
Oh, wait.
Is she gonna, oh, I thought she was gonna touch the shirt, like she still wants it.
Oh, jeez.
She out for blood?
She's out for blood.
Love interest?
Yeah, she, she feels scorned.
This is a whore house, we saw boobies here earlier.
It was great.
It isn't super great, like, there's that little shooting section, and obviouisly, anyone who's ever played a shooting game saw that it was not a challenge.
And, you know, now we don't need to worry about touching the controller again for a while.
So that's great.
This is, we are in another cutscene.
I shot six guys in a hallway.
This was made by a frustrated filmmaker.
Has to have been.
Has to have been.
Well, then he was frustrated for a reason, because he sucks at it.
That's what I'm saying.
Of course, he's gotta do it alone.
Why, why bring the lady who has an army of helpers with you, when you can just do it alone.
That's fine.
Trope.
Let's just, let's, let's put a trope on top of our trope.
A trope sandwich.
As long as that chapter takes one more cutscene.
I'm, I'm fine.
Ugh...flarf.
Flargignargle?
Oop.
This is our friend.
This is the French knight, which, considering the history of England and France, that is weird.
You know, there are werewolves and vampires in here, apparently, so I'm not going to worry too much about, like, the fact that there's a French Knight of the Round Table.
Turrible.
That's fine.
That's fight.
You, you shoot a lightning gun.
This is a, a weird world.
Third day of December, 1886.
Turncoat?
Patriot?
Neither.
I am Dick Puncher.
What, what is...
Is that Dick Neutral's arch enemy, Dick Puncher?
What do I, what do I smell here?
I smell some dicks about to get punched.
What?
Is that his catchphrase?
Yep.
And then he also says, "What?"
Like, right before he starts kicking ass.
"I smell some dicks that gotta be punched."
What?
Whatever.
Uh, okay, great.
I got all my guns back now.
Great.
Get to Tesla's lab.
Oh, maybe we can get another weapon.
Oh, somebody says we're at fifteen?
Is that, was that a new chapter?
I don't know.
Somebody said fifteen, almost there.
Oh, god.
Oh, my god.
I, I did not take out my weapon right there, guys.
Did you see me take out my weapon?
Cuz I did not press a button.
The game took out my weapon for me.
Thank you, game.
Cuz I didn't wanna decide to do that.
Probably supposed to shoot this guy.
Are there fifteen or sixteen chapters?
There are sixteen chapters, according to GameFox.
We looked it up to see how far we were before we streamed.
You shut up, Nikola!
I'm coming.
Good thing I walked down that hallway, so we can get to this other cutscene.
Oh, no.
RichEvansMurdersHobos says there's actually 116 chapters.
Shut up.
Shut your damn face.
Oh.
I shot him in the hat.
And...
Were, were people in here when I was shooting people in the hand?
No, no they were not.
I was killing people earlier by shooting them in the hand.
It was pretty great.
Yeah.
It was pretty great.
What kind of guns do you have?
No, I don't want that shit gun.
What kind of guns do I have?
I got my badass revolver.
I have my badass...okay, I don't need any, oh, and by the way, like, you know how we were talking about earlier, how we were choosing not to crouch, the game crouched for us.
Mm-hmm.
I am not pressing down the run button.
The game says you have to run now.
Really?
Really.
I'm...
You're not even, you're not even clicking down on the, the stick?
Nope, I'm just pushing forward as I normally do.
You're fucking kidding me.
The game says, oh, you should run now.
This is, this is a fast-paced section, you should probably run now.
You're fucking kidding me.
Not even joking.
This is the exciting conclusion.
They have to make sure it feels exciting.
Yeah.
Cuz nothing else is gonna do it.
Right?
That helps.
Shit.
Shit.
Armor guy.
Armor guy.
Rich, have any interest in talking with the game developers on Pre-Rec?
Which, these?
That could, that could not end well.
These game developers?
Yeah.
I would love to talk to these game developers.
I wanna know what, how, I wanna know how.
I would love to talk to these guys.
Absolutely.
Abso-fucking-lutely.
So far, we've...look at this, like, look at this, just more fish-in-a-barrel.
What's the game here, guys, cuz...cuz you know what I do, I just sit here, I guess, you know what, I guess at one point, I might run out of bullets.
So...we got that going for us.Just sit here, wait for them to stick their heads up.
There.
Shot 'em in the head.
My guess is this is precisely the game that Sony wanted, and that this, I'm gonna say this was them following orders.
Sony wanted an exclusive.
Was somebody, did somebody start off, like, trying to make, like, a, a shorter Telltale-type game?
I don't know.
Like, you know, the people who made The Walking Dead games.
Sure.
That kinda thing that's just an interactive story that was shorter, and then Sony saw some potential in the art designs, and gave them money, said you gotta make a shooter outta this.
Yeah.
Gotta, gotta be a shooter.
Is that, is that what happened?
I mean, it could be.
It's gotta be, it's gotta be longer, and you gotta make a shooter out of it.
Is that what happened?
I can't...I want my gun.
I don't want these stupid guns.
Sir Lucan the lycan?
Goddammit.
Am I gonna die?
Wrong way, wrong way.
I'm gonna run away and hide.
No, moreso, I'm gonna pick up a different gun.
I, I didn't, I was hoping that, like, there'd be ammo over here...oh, wait, here we go.
You know what, though?
Great.
I, I remember the, the E3 hype.
Yeah.
And I don't think we were wrong about anything.
Like, we were, like, what is the hype for this game?
What's the big deal?
Right.
What's the big deal?
Yeah.
And I still don't.
Okay, great, I got some ammo for my nice, big gun, now.
Oh, somebody says, "Rich, I wasn't talking about the devs of this game, we're talking about the devs of stuff like Binding of Isaac, Crypt of the Necrodancer..."
Yeah, sure, we'd love to.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Give us their number.
Absolutely.
Abso-fucking-lutely.
We had such a great time talking with the dev of Strafe.
Tom?
Tom.
Yeah.
When we were pl-, when we were playing Strafe and talking with, uh, with Tom, I had a, I, I just wanted to listen to him talk, so if I get to, like, if I, if we had time to prepare and actually, like, ask people insightful questions instead of just farting around with them, I would fucking love that.
Yeah, we were completely ill-prepared for that.
Yeah.
But you know what, I still, I still thought it was a great time.
Yeah.
And whether it be a game that we don't much care for, like this, or a game that I love, like Binding of Isaac, uh, I would love that.
May, yeah, anyone who has, anyone who knows how to make that happen, you go ahead and make that happen.
Rich, tell Jack it's James ID.
Oh, James!
Yeah.
He'll, he'll know I can hook you guys up.
Fucking yeah, you wanna talk to Ed for me, you do it.
Uh.
James ID.
Because he's the guy that made the videos for Binding of Isaac, so he knows...oh, I already have all the ammo for that  He knows Edmund McMillen, great.
Do I already have all of these ammos?
This a better gun?
You tell me.
I don't, that's what I'm trying to figure that out.
It seems to have...
It looks bigger than the one you have now.
Oh, this one?
I imagine it's more powerful.
This one, I think is called the Dragon.
Oh, do I want the Lightning Gun?
I might want a Lightning Gun.
This is your call.
Right?
This is, this is, this is, they're, they're, they're arming you for the final bit here, so you pick your weapon.
I think.
Yeah.
It's, like, I want this stock machine gun, because it's usually the best.
I need a bomb.
Um, I should just take this one because it has more bullets, is my, is my thought.
No, this one has the most bullets, okay.
Great.
Hear Jack cry about his lost save to that poor developer.
Oh, my god.
If you can get me, if you can get me on the phone with Tyron to be, like, what the fuck, man, I lost my golden god save on, on my Vida...no, that's fine.
I got, I'm getting over it.
Oh, shit.
You know what, uh, what's, what's hyper mode again?
We, we're running out of time for Excalibur.
Unless we end up fighting him in the Excalibur tomb.
Right?
Missed opportunity if they don't do that.
Oh, wait.
I earned a trophy.
Great.
Okay.
iAmJames says he can probably hook us up with Tyrone, for reals.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.Sneak back, sneak back.
Sneaking back.
Look at that guy, firing at me.
He ain't hitting a goddamn thing.
Drinking my thing, and...
Everything is better.
Shit.
Excalibur will be the DLC.
Maybe they, maybe the game will be the DLC.
The DLC, the gameplay, DLC.
Uh, goddammit.
They are saving Excalibur for the sequel.
There will not be a sequel to this.
Right.
That one there only had six bullets.
Oh, twelve bullets.
Well...
That can't be worth it.
Well, then, switch to the other one.
Sorry.
Sorry, man.
You shouldl be.
This holds 40.
I'm gonna say this is better.
All right.
All right, he says he's gonna talk to Edmund and Tyrone this week, and he'll, he'll ping us on Twitter if he can convince them.
If you can, we, uh, you know, we're just a couple of jackasses.
OzMike says throw a grenade, Jack, don't waste your time with these jerks.
You're right.
You're right, OzMike, you're absolutely right.
How do I throw grenades again?
I only have one?
It's up, it's up.
Or down.
Oh, it might be the smoke one.
Down might be the explosive one.
That's a smoke grenade.
Down is, down is the real grenade.
Okay.
You have to kill an Excalibur-wielding Hitler in the sequel.
Oh, my god.
That would be great.
Hitler did have the Spear of Destiny, right?
Is that true?
It was the spear that supposedly stabbed Jesus on the cross.
Oh, right.
Indy collected, I believe, wherever they were housing that fake artifact.
Oh, that's pathetic.
Look at that, look at that.
I'm gonna shoot him in the elbow.
Which you probably, you probably couldn't shoot him through that door.
Right?
Do you remember when I was, I was taking cover behind that, like, fancy gate, and all that gaping, giant holes...
Yep.
...and it was protecting me from the machine gun fire.
I do remember that.
That was great.
That was great.
Okay.
Oh, fuck.
Jesus H...oh, wait, I know, I know...I'm being dumb.
I have super slow-mo mode, and I'm not using it.
Not good cover.
I saw that grenade, too.
Goddammit.
Get outta here.
James ID says, "Would you guys still be interested in talking to Edmund or Tyrone if I was drunk on the call?"
That, that might be my only condition.
I mean, I just wanna talk to you about video stuff, too.
So, I guess, you know, I guess the answer is absolute.
Whatever, man.
You come on, we'll...talk to anyone.
Whatever gets it done.
Whatever gets it done.
We'll talk to people.
We don't, we don't give a fuck, man.
You think we give a fuck?
Great.
Great.
And, and I am not killing this.
I am not killing it.
Okay.
Okay, here we go.
Throw a grenade.
This is a grenade.
Try it again.
You can't see...
Yep, no...
...what you're shooting in the special mode.
That's fine, I'm just doing, using the automatic...
I know it's auto-targeting, but at least put the camera where you can see what you're shooting at.
For fuck's sake.
Wouldn't that be nice?
For fuck's sake.
Did you survive that?
Yeah.
How the fuck did you survive that?
Watch me have no idea.
As long as you do, so we can get this shit over with.
Right?
Shit.
Somebody says $50 says there is no boss fight.
After this shitty gauntlet, the game will just end with twenty minutes of cutscene.
Weckless says that.Should start saying their names.
You should start saying their names.
I don't think, though, unless I see the comment I like when I start to read it.
Right.
Read, I mean, read the comment first, cuz that, that helps with me to kind of...
Oh, sure.
Grenade.
Got it.
Oh, gotcha.
Oh, that's right.
This has, like, easy in-and-out of cover system.
Oh, you can just roll over to the next one?
Fuck.
You're being flanked to your left.
I'm being flanked fucking everywhere.
Fuck.
There is, like, a...there's a, oh, there he is, there's the...fucker, get outta here.
Oh, one of those armor fucks?
Grenade!
Got it, got it.
Okay.
Is there, like...shit.
Where is he?
This is, oh, this is the, yeah, this is the end boss fight, by the way.
This is, like, all of the weapons that we've been, all the weapons that we've been using throughout the game are being used on us now.
The fuck is that?
I dunno.
The guy, the guy that's been shooting flame at you?
Oh, fuck is this?
Look at that fuck.
Call that flight.
Huh?
The call flanked.
Yeah.
Oy.
We, we have special vision.
Oh, great.
Let me refill my...oh, shit.
C'mon, heal, heal, heal.
Oof.
I might've done it.
Look at all those guns on the ground.
That was, that was, you know what, that was, like, that was a challenge, obviously.
Still very boring, because there was not a lot I could do besides just wait and cover, for cover, but, you know, fuck it.
I'll take it.
I'll take it.
If that's what I get, I'll fucking take it.
I would love some more ammo for the guns that I like now, but I'm probably not gonna get that, am I?
Uh, no, MrGlitch, once we are finished, we are not going to go back and play the chapters we played before you guys got here.
Is there any more ammo in here?
I'd love some more ammo.
You can always use the electric gun.
Right?
Does this recharge?
I dunno.
Probably not.
So this is the electro gun.
You're just wasting ammo.
I'm seeing...no, oh...oh, this is, like, infinitely recharging.
This is the gun to have.
No, use six of one.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Oh.
Look at your ammo.
It says six of one.
Oh, I was just looking at the bars on the bottom.
Well, fuck it.
Whatever.
Take this, I'm sure they're gonna drop more guns.
One presumes there's been a save.
There's been a what?
Yeah.
A save?
Yeah, RedLeader91, I know you're trying to tell us what the final boss of the game is, but we'll find out.
Yeah.
There's no need to spoil that for us.
Seems like a pretty shitty gun on the whole.
Ah!
Does it automatically, at least, target people?
Yeah, it kinda does.All right.
All right.
This is your last shot with it.
You chose poorly.
Sure did.
Sure did, Rich.
Okay, still got this one.
Hoo.
RedLeader91, oh, still wishes they thanked us, thanked you for subscribing.
We, we haven't been able to, we haven't been saying who's subscribed, but I'm gonna say it now for you.
RedLeader...wait, yeah, he's got a pizza roll, okay.
RedLeader91, thank you for subscribing.
We really appreciate it.
It's true, we very much do.
We very, very much appreciate it.
Sorry, we, oh, fuck you.
We are streaming from a PS4 right now, so we don't have our subscriber notifications.
All right, RedLeader91 says, "But it's the most disappointing."
In reference, I think, to the boss battle?
The whole fucking game's one giant disappointment!
What the fuck does it matter how awful the last boss is?
Right?
Have you not been listening to our overall disappointment in the, with the entire game?
There's no handguns over here.
I guess I don't really fucking need them.
Piz-, PizzaTrain, I'll take your word for it.
PizzaTrain11, thank you for subscribing.
We really appreciate it.
Oh, no.
Sir Luke is kidnapping Nikola Tesla.
Oh.
Not Love Interest?
No, Love Interest is trying to fight us.
Mm-kay.
Do you think we're gonna, we're gonna, like, convince them...
Murder her?
We're gonna have to murder her, and it's gonna be the heartwrenching thing, because this game wants to be art, really badly.
So we're gonna have to murder her, so we can stab Dracula with Excalibur.
Goddammit.
Goddammit, I'm laughing because I know you're right.
Ugh, goddammit.
Ooh, look at this gameplay.
Oop.
Mad door-opening action.
BongoDoug.
Bong O'Doug.
Bon Godoug.
Bon Godoug?
Bon Godoug.
Like, like a bon, like a bon bon.
Yeah.
Like bon bon bon bons.
And then God.
Like the thing that doesn't exist.
Uh-huh.
And followed by oug, like a caveman would say.
Oh, nice.
Bon Godoug.
Bon Godoug!
Bon God'oug.
Did you save Nikola Tesla?
I saved Nikola Tesla.
Oh, hey!
Hey, look at this!
Chapter sixteen!
*gasp*
Chapter sixteen!
*gasp*
This is it, guys!
I have a gun I've never ever seen before.
I don't think we're going to fight Dracula.
It's getting so real, guys.
Prepare for the realness.
God exists, Rich.
This game is proof that has forsaken us, says MyTurdsAreGreen.
Whose name, also ironically, is green, in my, my chat box here.
Oop.
Sword fight.
Oh, my god.
Is this gonna end with a quicktime event?
Of course it will.
Of course.
Nope.
Wrong button.
Try again.
That's what circle is.
Uh, triangle.
Uh, square?
Nope.
Square.
Dammit.
Triangle.
I am not super familiar...It's happening.
It's a werewolf.
Oh.
Yeah, this is just like earlier.
And, supposedly, this is the last boss of the game.
Oh, yeah.
This happened before.
Yeah.
So they couldn't be bothered to come up with something new.
It's like insult on top of injury.
It's fine.
Try again.
Try again.
This exact same boss fight happened, like, ten chapters ago.
RevCo77, I think you're right.
He expects zero resolution to Dracula.
I think he's right.
Yeah.
They're gonna leave us on a fucking cliffhanger for this shit?
You know, because everyone's gonna wanna buy the sequel to this game.
Ugh...
Jesus fucking Christ, if they do that, they deserve to fucking die.
Horseshit.
Right?
I mean, no, they don't deserve to die, Rich.
That's, that's, that's harsh.
That is, that is...
Don't forget, don't forget special mode.
Have you used special mode on this guy before?
Did I?
I did.
It just did a special hit on him.
I got the next part, I got the next part.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Goddammit, I'm pressing...
L1.
Did you do L1 again?
Yeah, I did L1.
Oh, I did.
All right, all right.
I did.
I'm stabbing him.
It's the curse of the wolf!
Yes!
Bon Godoug.
Bon Godoug.
What?
Fucking, let go of my hand.
Why would he wanna do that?
Face, or...
Face.
I should, oh, I should have punched him in the dick!
What was I thinking?
What was I thinking, Rich?
Dick Puncher would be very disappointed.
Whoops.
Oh, there's the thing again.
Fuck, fuck.
This exact same fucking fight happened.
Yeah.
I know.
There's a thing on the ground that you hit 'em with.
It's kind of neat, though.
Not really very interactive.
No, no.
Oop, I didn't do it, apparently.
It's fake, fakeractive.
No, it's, it's, this, this is awful.
Quicktime event, the game.
Oh, I did it.
I accidentally pressed the right button.
Okay, pick up the thing, hit him in the face.
Slash, slash.
Slash, slash.
And then this, and I gotta...there we go, that...I hit X a lot that time.
Stab him, stab him in the dick!
Oh, I'm gonna punch him in the dick so fucking hard.
I should've punched him in the dick, Rich.
I'm so upset I didn't punch him in the dick.
This fight would've been over if I would've punched him in the dick.
It would've.
I'm pressing X so fucking hard!
Stab him in the dick!
Yeah!
I'm gonna call that his dick.
That's his wolf dick.
Dick wolf.
Yeah!
Oh, now his lady, his lady's gonna see this, she's gonna see the aftermath.
Mm-hmm.
Ugh...
We broke a thousand views.
We can break a thousand views, we just have to utterly miserable.
Apparently.
Thanks for coming out, everybody.
Thanks for coming out for this...tripe.
Utter.
Tripe.
We're gonna have no resolution to Love Interest or Dracula.
Oh, no.
Here it is.
Whuh?
What?
Schlock.
Schmaltz, and schlock.
I have always known!
Of cour-, ohh...fifteen-year old, this was written by a goddamn fifteen-year old.
I have always known!
Oh, wait, I, I sense a button prompt coming up.
Oh.
Oh?
Oh, I can do this.
I can do this.
Now, keep in mind, I've just been stabbing this wolf guy in the dick for the past five minutes.
Do you think I'm gonna struggle now?
He gonna struggle?
Look at, he's struggling.
Do not ask this of me.
I've been stabbing this guy in the dick...
I know.
...and now I'm gonna have, uh, uh, a test of conscience?
I don't give a shit.
I don't give a shit.
I just...just be over.
This is all I'm saying.
This is, this is, this is bullshit.
I just, I'm just...
This is characteristic bullshit.
The only thing I'm curious about now...
Yeah.
...is if these fuckers are gonna end this shit on a cliffhanger.
Just shoot, we've been...we've been shooting him.
We've been stabbing him.
Good, good.
Fucking good.
Get.
Over.
With.
Get.
Over.
With.
I'm done.
Of course there's a button prompt.
Mmm.
There's a button prompt.
Fucking, I fucking hate you, game.
But you have to do it, Jack.
You have to pull the trigger.
I've been pulling the trigger the entire game!
Gunshot, fade to black?
Gunshot, cut to black?
Gunshot, cut to black!
Fucking art house, brilliant!
Fuck yeah!
Oh, my god!
Fuck yeah!
Fuck: Oh, my god!
What, what, what the fuck?!
What, what kind of ninth grade bullshit tripe is this?!
They're gonna end it on gunshot-fade-to-black?
Ooh, you win, game!
They're not gonna even resolve the other plot points?
I...
Oh, god...
Fuck...you...!!!
Oh, that's the worst.
That is the worst.
I fucking played through nine hours of this shit for that?
Gunshot, black.
For that crap, for wannabe story of the game so it can end on gunshot-fade-to-black?
So, Rich, which is the Best of the Worst?
Oh, fuck you.
That was terrible.
Oh...
That was terrrible
Oh...
Oh, my god.
That was, that was...that was.
We, we did it, everybody.
We did it.
Is there gonna be a post-credit scene?
This is terrible.
This is terrible.
Ugh...right?
Right?
Ugh...that was utter bullshit.
Sir Gallahad...
Where's, where's that fucking...
Oh, I can't buy myself beer.
It's after nine.
Milwaukee stops selling beer at nine o'clock.
Ugh...so, to recap...to recap, the characteristics of Sir Gallahad.
Post, post-credit Dracula and Frankenstein.
Meet Mr. Munster.
Oh, my god.
Yes, Frankenstein.
That's gonna happen.
Sir Gallahad has spent his entire life fighting werewolves.
His entire goddamn life fighting werewolves.
Yeah.
Then he finds out that this, this man...
His friend.
...his friend betrayed him, so he's pissed about that.
His friend betrayed him.
And then starts stabbing his friend.
After he stabs his friend, he has a kind of...oh, wait, here it is.
It's gonna happen.
Oh, my god.
Post-credits.
What's happening?
Something's happening.
Is this it?
Is this the cliffhanger?
Yeah.
We're not gonna get to play, right?
Fuck...you...!
Nobody's gonna buy your piece of shit sequel with this garbage.
Aughh...a sequel hooked to my groin.
Fuck this.
Yeah, oh, no, wait, there was resolution to Jack the Ripper cuz, well, oh yeah, no, it didn't.
No, that was Dracula.
Yeah, Jack the Ricker, Ripper, was Dracula, but no, we didn't, we never took care of him.
There's no resolution to Love-Interest-is-angry.
There's no resolution to Love-Interest-is-angry.
The city is in martial law, that's totally a fucking sequel hook to a game everyone hates.
Absolutely.
Fucking assholes.
Fucking douchebags.
Fucking cynical fucking cocksuckers.
I'd say they, this game was garbage cuz some idiot thought they were making art, but...
Yeah.
...an artist doesn't end a game with that sequel-bait bullshit.
No, they do, because they think their game is good enough to deserve a sequel, they think their game is so good...
If you, if you're the person who's dying to tell a story so much that you make a game that's nothing but cutscenes, then, then you wanna fucking resolve your fucking story.
You pieces of shit.
But, Rich, why aren't you so, aren't you so enticed, are you enticed by the, by the riveting game?
This stream's gonna end with fade-to-black-gunshot.
Yes, we are actually gonna waste time to review this game.
Uh, you can probably guess how that review is gonna turn out.
Um, you know, it's, uh...
Rich, are you madder at this or ME3?
At the end of ME3, Mass Effect 3, I wasn't mad, I was, I was very, very sad.
Yeah.
I was, like, depressed.
You were just disappointed.
I was, I would...close to depressed.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
We're leaving the credits play, so we all know who to blame for this game.
Oh, I, I'm waiting for the, the additional cutscene where Love Interest says, "I'm going to get my revenge!
I'm going to team up with the wolfman to get my revenge on Sir Gallahad!"
"You, you didn't know it, but all this time I've been--"
She, she takes off her clothes, and you see, like, bandages around her body...
"We must recruit..."
...The Mummy!
Yes!
I was gonna say the Creature from the Black Lagoon.
"We must recruit the Creature from the Black Lagoon!"
"I want you meet my biological father, the Bigfoot!"
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Thank you.
"It will," Dick Neutral says.
"The, it will end on a slow, slow zoom-in on the brother. His eyes open..."
No, we're not gonna, we're not gonna play anything else tonight just cuz it's late.
And I, there's just no, there's no...
I'm, I can't.
...there's no turning back.
You think we could actually enjoy ourselves right now?
No.
No, we're done.
We're done.
With this game.
With all games.
I'm done playing games.
This is, this...for anyone who has ever confused as to why Rich and I like indie games so much.
I, I may have broken our copy of FIFA.
Oh, no!
That might have happened.
Not deliberately, mind you.
No.
No, uh, I just, I just, we will, here is what I promise you, viewers of the stream.
The end of our Previously Recorded, um, The Order 1886, will feature a spectacular destruction of The Order 1886.
I will find a way to make it the best destruction I possibly can.
Our original idea was to buy it at one in the afternoon, play it and finish it before GameStop closed...
Yeah.
...so we could return it the same day.
That was gonna be the, and I thought by the way, that would be a pretty good bit.
Yeah.
But, this game is so bad, that I really want to chop it up real bad.
And we are gonna find a way to do that just for you.
Exactly.
Indie games cost $20, and give you a thousand hours of gameplay.
This cost $60 for six hours.
And what are you gonna do, replay this?
Who was that?
Huh?
Who was that, name was?
NoBahati?
NoBahati.
Right?
Oh, nobody.
It's a clever spelling.
Oh, nobody.
Nobody.
You guys should do it soon while the game is still relevant.
Yes, we will, we will expedite this production.
Six minutes, not six hour, no, no, I, technically speaking, I wanna say, we got maybe eight hours worth of gameplay.
Eight, nine, I mean, you know, including cutscenes.
Eight, nine hours.
That's how long it took us to beat the game.
Eight, nine hours.
I don't know how we're gonna do it.
We'll, we'll find a way.
We'll find a really fun way.
Liquid nitrogen plus hammer?
Right.
Liquid nitrogen might numb the pain.
I don't know that a, that a DVD can feel pain, but just in case, there will be no numbing agents.
Um, I'm just trying to think, you know, we can take it to the gun range again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And use a lot bigger guns.
Cuz that gun range was a really fun destruction.
Do we wanna gooey puppet?
I don't know, James.
Like, you know, just wanna talk shop with you, know what you use, uh...you're, like, especially, like, your Rebirth trailer was just so fucked up, it was beautiful.
Gun range plus button prompt?
Homemade flamethrower?
We might be able to do that.
Oh, you're right, it does need to have something to do with electricity, because Tesla was in the game.
So was Dracula and the Wolfman.
You guys, you guys...No, Jay and I have not gone to Izumi's lately.
I did go to a really great place.
Uh, I want to Tochi, which is a restaurant on the northside of Milwaukee, and they do ramen.
They do, like fan-fucking-tastic ramen.
It was a great night.
Okay.
We're leaving.
We're, no, oh no, it's not even done yet.
We gotta, we gotta wait for the fucking credits.
We're gonna wait for the credits.
Fucking credits are still fucking rolling.
Gotta wait for the credits.
Um, Jack the Ripper was Dracula, you're right.
He never called himself Dracula.
Well, yes, we should, of course we should do Pre Rec reviews more often.
They take time.
We'll work it out.
We're trying to find our flow still.
Sometimes we get busy with other stuff.
Space Cop, other work.
Yeah.
It happens.
There was, there was too long of a break between now and the last one.
Yeah.
This is not worth your time.
Even if someone gave you this game for free, you just trade it in, see if you can get...
No, because then somebody else might buy it.
I'm saying, like, let's say, let's take, you know, grandma, grandma's around, she doesn't know, grandma doesn't know, right?
Yeah.
One, try and get grandma's money back.
But if you can't get grandma's money back, then see if you can, uh, I don't know, maybe, maybe you can make, like, a birdfeeder out of the, out of the box.
There's, there's some stuff you can do.
I, I don't know.
This is unforgiveable.
Yeah.
You know, I don't wanna, someone is saying I should pick someone in the credits to make fun, but you know, some of these people might have been, like, artists on the game, and we all agree that the game looked very good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, if I see, if I see the...
Writer.
If I saw the writer...
Writer.
...I think I saw the writer's name, but it was a long name, so I don't, I don't who...whoever wrote this game...
Dickpunch.
...deserves a punch...
Multiple.
Well, no.
No, no, no.
We shouldn't wish harm on anyone else, right?
Let's be clear about that.
I do not want you to punch this writer in the dick.
My other thing is, if this writer got punched in the dick, I wouldn't necessarily feel bad, but I don't want it to happen.
The writer deserves it just for the ending.
No, I don't wanna wish...
But the, the, the lead developer, the lead designer, deserves it for deciding that a game that is 70% cutscenes is a fine thing, is a fine, acceptable thing to sit there and hit X occasionally when prompted to.
Right?
He also deserves multiple dickpunches.
You know, I don't wanna, I don't wanna say we should physically harm someone for making something.
I'm just saying, if it were to happen...
If, if you know who made this game, and they live in your area, I urge you to go punch them in the dick.
To take it upon yourself...
Maybe, how about this: maybe don't punch 'em in the dick, see if...
...to take justice for the world and punch these people in the dick.
See if you can distract while they are walking towards something that's dick-height, so they accidentally run into it.
Therefore, you're not assaulting someone, but they still get hit in the dick.
Can we do that?
Shotgun specialist!
Everything is art.
Every game is art.
This is art.
Absolutely.
Ugh, goddammit.
No, that's alright, you can let 'em call me a pussy, you don't need to delete that comment.
I'm, I'm trying to be real here.
Thank you, mods, for deleting, for deleting that comment, but, you know, that's fine.
He wants to call me a pussy for saying you shouldn't punch someone in the dick, that's fine.
Rich Evans encourages assaulting game developers.
Yes.
Yes, I do.
Can't, can't I just, uh, can't we, I, what I would like to encourage is public shaming of the people who made this game.
And dickpunching.
Shame and a dickpunch.
Two bits.
Shave and a dick punch...two bits.
Dickpunch specialist!
Bloodborne looks fun.
Someone is asking if we're gonna play Blood-, Bloodborne.
Bloodborne was the one that was made by the, uh...
Yeah.
...by the...
Dark Souls.
...Dark Souls guys.
That looks fun.
Oh, god.
Jesus Christ.
I can't believe these credits are this long.
Thanos388 says, "Quote from lead designer: 'I think story and visuals are very high.
Gameplay is something that, it's a game.
We make big games.
We can't get around it.'"
Were you trying to get around it?
It sounds like they may have been.
They were trying to get around the game part of the game?
Oh...
What the fuck is this, what are we crediting now?
These credits are still happening.
I know they are.
It's fine.
Nope.
We've earned a trophy, guys.
We did it.
We did it.
They make CGI movies.
Do they?
What have they made?
Do they suck?
I'm sure they suck.
This sucks.
All right, here it is.
It's over.
Oh, god.
Good god.
Dear good god.
All right.
We're done.
Yeah.
We're done.
We're done.
We're done.
Good night, and thank you for showing up to our stream.
Thank you, thank you to all the new subscribers.
Thank you to everyone who just came out.
We really, we really appreciate you guys coming out and...
It's on the PS4, I don't think you're gonna be able to do a sudden end this time.
I don't think it's going to be physically possible because they're gonna think, see the thing pop up on the screen.
It says, "Would you like to end screen?"
We don't want to encourage, we don't want to encourage anyone punching anyone in the dick, but, you know, see what you can do.
I, I encourage it just fine.
See what you can do.
I encourage it.
