Jun 28, 2015
Arkham Knight
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7576787
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7576865
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7576998
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7577165
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1B6Z9T9H4I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEMERT6jhgc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQNeTOfLZ4s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUjyb0BIYR4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/615239678485135360

[Part I]
just stop I just um hey everybody sorry
about that I don't know I don't know
what happened with the stream it just
stopped for a moment really sorry about
that a copyright claim by Warner
Brothers right so Batman is infected
with a Joker virus and which as I was
saying I mean on paper I mean that
sounds like the dumbest thing alive full
full spoilers full a virus that is
actually turning people into Joker's
right
and now here's here's the story because
you didn't play the other games all the
way through right yeah I do would you
mind spoilers for the other games
obviously not I'm here already
okay the first game you know the the
Titan formula the bane serum yeah Joker
uses that on himself at the end oh let's
do a monster joke oh right once you get
to the next game Arkham City Joker is
dying because of that oh that explained
why he is dying does everyone else
don't mention anybody else who used to
tighten formula dying just just Joker
apparently is dying after using the
titan formula mm-hmm his blood is poison
oh so he poisons the Batman and no no
there's no mentioned about turning into
the Joker it's just like an illness
right so back man is dying through all
of Arkham City until he saves the day in
the end gets himself cured but not the
Joker yo Grands of death from the the
titan formula okay now in this game
apparently for some reason the tainted
blood instead of just being some kind of
titan formula sickness also randomly
turns you into the Joker yes at all nope
Rocksteady is so good at storytelling
there's somehow making it work they
really are and and the most glorious
thing is happening where the Joker just
appears in your subconscious randomly
throughout the map and he starts talking
to you and he's wonderful and
and everything Oh like like this right
here like like you're seeing right here
here's the Joker he's going to talk to
us but here's I'm just listening to mark
hamill would be wonderful oh isn't he is
he's wonderful and so here's the thing
like if I would just like to randomly
fly around the room the Joker will just
appear on random buildings I need to
turn the game audio down a little bit
it's the best possible way they could
have used the Joker absolutely
absolutely so like so far it's been
incredibly fun bud as he look now he's
gone I turned the camera away from him
and now the Joker's gone just cuz he's
part of my subconscious it's great the
other thing you need to know again super
spoiler alert is Barbara Gordon who was
infected with the fear toxin has shot
herself in the head and is now dead
Barbara Gordon aka Commissioner Gordon's
daughter
aka Batgirl aka Oracle is is now shot
herself in the head and is now dead in I
mean an amazing turn I did not see that
coming right now to give you some
context of where I am Harley Quinn has
taken over one of my secret bat bases
and and I have to stop those are all her
men down there and I have to stop all
those men and
get my bass back to cure myself of the
Joker disease because I have the Joker
disease so I have a voice I have a voice
synthesizer that I need to use and we're
gonna see how this works loving life if
you haven't played the game yet you want
to just just just don't tune into the
stranger like spoilers oh yeah no we
can't I can't stress how many spoilers
we're gonna have just so many spoilers
okay I have a voice synthesizer which
I'm pretty happy with right now yeah I
took down a big guy already I'm all good
oh yeah no I I have if you look but the
reason that my like I've been doing only
the side missions like all my side
missions are almost at a hundred percent
like the firefighters are done the oh
yeah the firefighters are done Harvey
two-face is done the the Firefly the
firefighter the Firefly mission is done
here's here's my quote issue unquote
with the the Batman Rocksteady Arkham
games okay there I in my opinion they're
pretty good at storytelling hmm
so much so that I think the games are
too long because I just want to find out
what happens next
so I haven't been feverish they're doing
all the side quest oh and like to me the
side quests have been made some like
that's that's been what's been worth it
to me like this the side quests are what
makes it so for me century gun what
there's sentry guns now who's put I do
it's not my experience this game is not
all
well I don't like the predator sections
in this game you don't like the predator
section it's cheesy ha ha ha there's
that that fear takedown thing pop-up and
you take out five guys yep
they don't have the the colors that that
Lauren everybody else wants you once you
take somebody out you could just quietly
take out everybody and nobody ever gets
alarmed yeah that's been great that's
terrible I used to love the stealth
stuff in the other games and I know
maybe the most people it doesn't seem
easier because I used to artificially
make the stealth sections how to run
myself by not using the gargoyles uh-huh
and I know it just seems so easy now
Tory is going but I'm not enjoying
Plus+ none of the none of these don't
section environments make any kind of
sense they're just they're just random
structures everywhere yeah
like that catwalk that's connecting two
squares that are sticking out of the
ground yeah what the fuck is that I
don't know I don't know I like it it to
me it doesn't matter where it's just
like it's comic-book so it's like it's a
video game and these are all there
because the video game makes sense but
nothing to me like it doesn't bother me
I guess that that they don't make both
Malachi says rich what about her Arkham
Knight changes up the game when you
focus on one type of take down here's
the thing because I used to like to
challenge myself in the predator
sections I never tried to do the same
takedowns twice and that's just the way
I play I didn't even know he did that
cuz I'm always trying to find you I hope
everyone just saw like a guard glitched
on me and spotted me but it was a glitch
a guard like glitch table did everyone
see that
hardcore saw that I wasn't I wasn't
looking at the time I don't know a guard
like flew in the air he was a Superman
guard and he glitched he he glitched out
okay so so and then he spotted me and I
was doing a really I was doing a great
silent mission and he spotted me and
ruined it then the combat yeah because
there's there's so much tank stuff
mm-hmm like the game is probably 60%
Batmobile uh you know it can be it
I love the combat in these games and
there's just not much of it you know
what speaking but also also the bastards
have taken out the combat challenges as
part of the menu mm-hmm like all the
other games have like whole separate
there's like I may as well been its own
own game where you could just
individually do predator challenges and
combat challenges mm-hmm
they took that out I'm assuming so they
can sell it as DLC later oh sure you
know and fuck them for that because I've
been doing the side missions the side
missions are pretty combat heavy yeah
and so and which is why frankly I've
been doing them and yes I know I know
what they were trying to do they didn't
want to feel like more of the same so
they they focused on they took a risk
focus on something entirely new and well
well the battlefield stuff kind of works
it doesn't feel like Batman it feels
like it feels like take commander yes it
is tank commander and and I think that
all the tank stuff is incredibly
unsatisfying I really dislike all the
tank sections it's not as good as the
other actually I'd say it's not as good
as the predator stuff but the predator
stuff in this game sucks
it's it's just it's not as good as the
combat and I really I'm enjoying that
all the combat sections and I find the
tank stuff to just be out of place you
know if it was its own game sure they
made a blaster master game what was that
old musket blaster master master was you
tank and you ran the take around no it
would be fine as a modern update on that
game I did not want to go to this stand
get out of here Batman use the voice
thing lure them into traps huh did you
get the thing up yeah I just got the
voice things like more than next to an
exploding thing are the boss battles
better every boss battle so far has been
in a tank so no well yeah you have to do
more of the side missions the side
missions are where it's at because you
get to uh that's that's where all the
combat is that's where all of the
predator changes Firefly is a tank
combat yeah fireflies a two-face though
all the two phase bank heist missions
are great yeah but do you see it as a
boss fight really oh no that's in fact
what I love about the two-face missions
is that like he's just a dude you know
well that's fine I'm just saying so he's
asking about the boss fights
well the boss
I consider that boss fights to be a
predator mission you know the boss fight
itself is a big predator mission people
shit on origins a lot but if they
actually did boss fights better than any
of the other games yeah yeah
I'm gonna keep you I'm gonna catch you
and I'm hoping I don't have to find all
of the Riddler shit to complete the the
Kepler my question that would suck right
now I got I'm stuck on the Riddler stuff
apparently I don't have the right gadget
I'm almost done with it I've done I
don't either
I did that section because I like the
Riddler in these games are great I like
em so they're both great characters in
these games so I did I definitely did
those side missions my only issue with
all of the Riddler stuff is like the
Riddler you know what do you think of
when you think of the Riddler like he
makes puzzles right he makes noises he's
the the prince of mind games and what
does he do here he builds race courses
car combat his name again combat car
combat there's some puzzling things
though yeah not as many you'd probably
like city a lot that's what people are
saying yeah they they're their take on
the Riddler is more of like like like
kind of like saw he loves making death
traps uh-huh
that people could conceivably get out of
if they're smart and offer good enough
yeah that's a good take on the Riddler
oh this voice commander is funny I just
tell them to go the other way and then I
give them a silent takedown how far out
of the game am i I know in the main
story I am currently at seventy nine
percent seventy not yeah oh yeah you're
farther than me in the main story yeah
which is why I was comfortable streaming
in especially just with you cuz you know
I won't ruin the story
oh sure for your for review sake Simon
takedown
I can use the voice synthesizer to clear
out that I don't like it that like I'm
getting a new gadget this late into the
game you know I feel I feel you're your
own 62-percent you had a good chunk of
game ahead of you apparently the turret
can see me from there all right that's
fine
Oh turn turn detective vision off yeah
yeah well I was up on the scaffolding
you'll see in a second I was up on a
scaffolding and I didn't think for sure
I didn't think that the turn can see my
mind the mines yeah that's that's I was
really trying to get away from the mines
here we go I'm gonna get this swoop in
get the turret oh there's Joker again I
love it when he pops up he just shows up
random places and start stalking me
that's great
did you see which which side quests have
you started I've done here I will tell
you so the the Firefly one is 100% the
the penguin one is at 60% the the tower
one is at 60% the road mine one is at
48% oh I finished the the perfect crime
one with uh with those the bodies
hanging okay I have not
oh man that's creepy I even find them
how are you finding them you know what
was what it was with that one is you
have to fly around and listen for opera
music okay this guy it's one of my most
I'm gonna pause it for a second just so
I can talk about one of the things that
I love the most about this game is there
are certain missions
like the tower one like the road bomb
one where you just need to happen across
stuff or like listen to the helicopter
pirates or like the pilots are the
police on the radio that give you kind
of clues to where they are right like oh
we found a body in the Kingston section
and then you have you have to find it
yourself there's no map marker for the
side quests like all the way all the
bank heists yeah all the bank heists you
just have to like listen for the alarm
you know I think that's great so I would
fly around the city and you know listen
to for that opera music and then hone in
on it to find all the bodies it was oh
man no that was one of my favorite the
side quests are my favorite part briefly
answer a question or Oh same old song
and dance the answer is yes briefly but
it's DC what does that mean okay
see I I really want to find out what
happens next to the story and I can't be
fucking bothered to wander around
listening for opera music oh and so you
know part of my as you know I have a big
problem with the Batmobile and so I
choose not to use it when going from
place to place I only glide and so
that's how I've haptic Ross happened to
cross most things as I just guide places
you know Oh Harley you the swellest
looks like he did see the man-bat yeah
shit shit that was it that was a great
moment yeah dammit dammit god dammit god
dammit
oh I'm dumb oh I got stuck behind a
turret yeah I got stuck behind
I was disabling a turd and I got trapped
behind it so I couldn't get to the
second turret in time to disable it that
would that was kind of my fault but that
was that was Batman glitching not
glitching Batman got stuck on the turret
and and yes for anybody who wasn't here
last stream I had to get a refund on my
Steam version because uh none modded I
didn't try to fix the frame rate
problems unmod it it crashed every five
to ten minutes and that's unacceptable
five minutes well and like unacceptable
especially for like your your computer
you know you have a nice computer I'm
comfortable specs yeah it works but it
just crashes constantly right
voice synthesiser oh that we are to you
oh wait how many things to be alive Sam
yeah that one stick words I couldn't
save often there is no manual say but I
know no there's no manual say no manual
save okay we're gonna try this again
luckily it saves all the other guys I
killed so I don't have to go through all
that again but this guy's gonna get
fried
I do love like I'll there's so much I
like about the game like that you're
you're hey did I not disabled Oh God so
here's well here's something I don't
like about it so it's a I started the
mission by using my disabling gun - like
disable the weapons cache uh and then I
use the voice synthesizer to send a guy
over there but it saved me killing all
of the guys but it didn't save the fact
that I used my gun on the weapon cache
and so I just sent the guy over there
and he's like everything looks good son
of a bitch also gutless coward the Joker
isn't really back that Joker is entirely
in Batman's head which is kind of the
brilliant thing about it yeah it
actually works really well though they
go back to that well a little too much
because these they're constantly mm-hmm
but but I love it I I mean that's the
weapons crate try making me the there's
these generators down off somewhere that
you make explode oh yeah I got one now
oh yeah there's a generator let's see it
let's see if that our : oh do I need to
uh do I need to shoot it with my yeah oh
no I can't shoot it with you use the the
hacking thing on it oh okay oh I didn't
know that it's okay let's use the voice
and let's send
Oh oh he's busy right now he won't
follow my commands well somebody else is
using the radio okay
Harley Quinn is talking about work sure
Jack the generator okay so now I can
hack that there's something you can hack
yeah I see a portable generator there's
an explode button okay hold on hold on I
didn't know you could do this this is
gonna be great and and that's really fun
where'd that other guy go I think I'm
just gonna punch this guy I just want to
punch this guy sometimes you just want
to punch the bad guys so yours here's
the question jack yeah can they can they
do anything Batman without the Joker or
is that just not gonna happen
you know you know Oh got a weird echo
that's that's the fundamental flaw with
Batman as a character he he almost
requires the Joker to be really
interesting well Batman works these two
play off of each other so well Batman
doesn't require the Joker the bat Batman
requires a villain what about scarecrow
that's the thugs dilt well this game
just had a villain yeah it wouldn't be
as good that well Batman
requires an interesting villain and or
it's for someone to play off of and the
Scarecrow as he is in this game is not
interesting
I like the Scarecrow in general I like
his shtick but in this game
in this game he's not he's not cutting
it for me
he's so sinister he's like a different
character he is he's 100% a different
character in this game
and so the Joker is there to be the good
villain there we go yeah Oh what do I
have to do now that's it uh probably go
in alright I give them points for being
clever about bringing the Joker back
yeah no I I dig it mostly it mostly
because the Joker is not the villain
you know Knights I expected them to
tease that he wasn't really dead but it
was all gonna be some kind of trick to
fuck with Batman that's right I did not
expect where they went with it I love it
that Batman is going slightly crazy oh
my god
yeah I should probably face the door I'm
in I'm in blood-borne mode where the
exit is opposite the door you enter for
every elevator John keel Oh Mr Freeze is
in Arkham City and he has a very major
appearance in Arkham City and he's
probably the best boss in the entire
series televisor seems to be taking is
this a loading screen I seem to be going
down up up oh Jesus that's why there's a
there's a little Joker thing in the
elevator
I could listen to mark hamill joker kiss
all day everybody couldn't everybody
could is the best Joker and I love it
like every time you die and it's a
little Joker scene like he just taunts
you and it's wonderful you know what the
Iron Man armor is not as bad as I
thought it was gonna be I think it's
still very ugly no it's terrible
but it's not as it's not as ugly fucking
his cape looks weird as fuck yes
patterns on it no it's ugly it's fun
I think I think they did that
deliberately so you would buy the
alternate skins DLC packs hahaha I think
the suit is do I honestly think the suit
is deliberately ugly weird pieces that
are damning just make an Iron Man game I
know it's not that the neck is terrible
the whole thing isn't that bad all right
hold on combat section we're gonna see
we're gonna see how much better oh how
do I get oh oh right he can glide
wearing that metal suit with a cape
oh hey over there bed man get out of
here
oh and Robin now that's fun traffic -
yeah this is my first time playing as
Robin you have been Nightwing for one
output
I always forget how to do that stupid
you know get rid of the guys with the
shield move stun and jump over them yeah
Oh or if you have a high enough combo
score you can do the weapon break and
then just get rid of entirely there we
go
I'm gonna be back in one second I'm just
taking my clothes off here oh yeah
I would like everyone to know ayah that
I'm somewhat better than what I was last
time I have learned how to fight in
Batman that way that right there was a
testament to how much better I've gotten
so I have to private Batman that's great
thank you leftover beefcake I am
somewhat I'm somewhat better than what I
was oh that was that was they were
really mean to Harley rich-rich what
they were just really mean to Harley
what do they do to Harley you know he
was like how did Harley find us and the
guy the thug is like maybe she's smarter
than ooh thing he's like nope she should
be I mean she's a former psychiatrist
she's it that she has a doctor she's a
doctor he's gearing up for a comeback
now what I what I liked about the Harley
Quest or II do see the day one story dlz
we got her bonus shit yeah was on the
soundstage her sanity trying to tell to
get through her internal monologue
stop it Harley you don't have to do this
shut up they know character with these
games should be easy right yeah yeah I
agree I'm gonna be Robin for a little
bit just cuz why the heck not I did the
same thing yeah yeah you kind of like
this Robin who's this again this is Tim
yeah obviously it's not night it's not
it's not dick cuz knees Nightwing
what is this joker thing here can I hit
it rich what do you think the design of
Robin in these games it's fine Robins
never had a great costume nobody without
superpowers fighting street crime should
ever wear bright red and yellow where's
Henry it's me or Batman don't let anyone
through I mean there's a Henry twist
that we all see coming I'm sure bTW you
a cult or something cult I think it's
called I'm really good sideways because
I'm lying down for my back important
question do you like long or short eared
Batman what do you got Jack you have a
preference is that an important question
it's a question it's a it's a question
there you go um you know I've seen both
work well like this is long year Batman
yeah I guess that's about as long as I
would go but yeah I would stick with
medium to that like I I think right here
is actually too long so maybe short
eared Batman too shorts weird too shorts
weird but I would like to see shorter
than this like Dark Knight Batman too
short yeah cuz well those aren't even
ears those are like nubs
he has like nothing's on his head that's
too short that's too weird but but here
this these ears are too long I would say
those ears even make sense
his ears right now good enough it don't
look anything like bad ears can we agree
on that
no but you know you know it's fine
everything's fine no guy not gonna knock
it where am I going
why am I going do to do to do so what
are your thoughts on the Arkham Knight
character you know a little generic
especially because they keep pulling the
I could kill you now but I want to make
you suffer trope any any thoughts on to
the AI as to the identity not my first
yes be only because they keep mentioning
is a Talia al Ghul really Talia I mean
only because Joker has brought her up
several times but but now like I don't
know I don't necessarily care oh no
don't say anything I want to be
surprised
I don't know if I'll get there tonight I
was just curious if you had any thoughts
as to maybe tell ya I have I don't
really care that much except you're
thinking they're going full-on Rises
they're going full-on Dark Knight Rises
absolutely okay was she in any of the
other games she she died in the last one
oh okay
yep then it's Talia Joker shot her in
the heart yeah that's what I'm that's
what my guess is I don't you know it was
this way but I don't know and I'm I'm
right now not looking at the chat cuz I
don't want you guys to spoil it for me
no and you know what generally I don't I
die trying not to like think too hard
about that stuff because I like the
reveal you know I I don't I don't
generally try to figure it out before
the story reveals it to me just because
I like the reveal whoa I just happened
to accidentally read about it but I I
know I know how I feel
well don't tell me yeah I don't know if
we'll get there tonight but I I haven't
even gotten there like I said I just
caught a spoiler so he'd hear one like
it thought we had to get further than I
am now faster if we work together Wow
you'll know you certainly didn't see me
swing right over his head
I was Robin I i don't know why Robin
always gets so much shit I like Batman
and Robin
Oh dynamic duo motherfucker do I keep
going backwards I feel like I keep going
backwards
Batman putting people in mortal harm
it's completely unacceptable that's
that's my objection to Robin yeah this
Robin who seems older than most so I'm
more okay with it sure but I mean that
means he's been doing it since he was
you know a kid well that's that's the
case yeah okay yeah I know tart door but
like this this is poor level design I I
keep I have now like three times in a
row after I've defeated guys gone
completely backwards because I have no
idea which way I was supposed to be
going I'm gonna call that poor level
design oh here we go
here's a predator section I get a
predator section with Robin that's fun I
like the way the two characters
interacting yes just as a as a concept I
never I never liked the idea of Batman
just taking a series of young children
and putting him putting them in
positions where where people can shoot
at them with machine guns every night
yeah but he's empowering them lady Joker
yeah I'm listening I'm listening right
now I love it
this lady this is lady infected with
Joker virus oh sure yeah down down here
is Batman's secret lair and he was
holding what was it four people who were
infected with the Joker virus who were
like different people that look like
Joker's and also one person who was
seemingly immune to the Joker virus
she's hot for Batman she doesn't want to
be rescued she's great I wish she were a
character oh man there was a there's
like a wait a minute this is kind of
lame I can't imagine this is the whole
thing literally I'm just like up on
rooms and I press one button and I take
them down immediately yeah the the these
stealth sections
escapes oh well no no I'm like all other
predators I can't even believe this is
all the gimmick of Batman working with
Robin and it's really easy is this the
whole level is just pressing a button oh
yeah pretty much
well yeah I suppose don't don't spoil it
but it's like
what's our favorite film that bombed
Howard the Duck Denis going around
underpart the duck maybe it's because I
saw it when I was a child
yeah and I liked it as a child I liked
it when he fights the big monster at the
end but I and and Jeffrey Jones even
though I probably can't watch it now
because it's a creepy child molester
he was good that movie mm-hmm
now I need to find a vantage point up
high then I go that was like any strikes
check what's your favorite will be the
bumped favorite blue I mean I'm trying
to think of a movie that bombed usually
you forget about them that's why they
bombed I don't know if you want to
consider Big Trouble in Little China
ABAB then it's totally Big Trouble in
Little China oh sure yeah is that that
might count as a bomb it might yeah then
definitely Big Trouble in Little China
yes oh I like that movie so much I could
never think right
and I and mr. boobs I don't think Mad
Max counts as a bomb even though it
didn't do as good as the Avengers no Mad
Max made its money back
it's not even stole I would I would take
big trouble a little China mm-hmm
the trouble is great John Carpenter at
his best
why can't I take this guy down I see it
I should be able to do I have to take
the other guys down first before I take
the minigun er down
yes okay seems whatever you know what
whatever how about that actually wait no
wait I don't think you do you know other
ones I did get behind him and hit
triangle no one no no no for him for the
minigun guy don't do it from the ceiling
like walk behind him and hit triangle no
this this section I need to stay on the
roofs and call for backup the minigun
guy it's gonna be different jack why
because it just is you get on this
because it just is well shit
why can't I take these guys down now it
set up some rules here rich and it's not
it's no longer following the rules maybe
this is my crocodile brain where did he
go
it set up some press one button to take
everybody down rules and now it's not
following those rules yeah anymore
they're saying you can only do the
backup thing three times oh thank you so
so now it's just a normal level which is
one of those things I didn't notice
because I'm always trying to take guys
down two different ways I play these
games
oh sure well you know it just it pointed
to the thing and it said you could take
you could take him down so I was like oh
I thought I thought that was the the
thing for this level you know snap flash
what does Robin have here for bullet
Robert has a bullet shield but that
seems really effective I think Batman
should have that
Batman doesn't need it Batman doesn't
know Batman doesn't need we just slow
him down right okay what am I gonna do
here there's this guy
oh there's a guy coming over here I can
get him oh I'm gonna get you
gotcha yeah I even I haven't had but
maybe one or two stealth sections feel
satisfying in this game oh yeah yeah you
know and and this is this is this is the
difference between you and me like
playing playing the games you know I
could these are all been felt fine to me
I bet I've been diggin them it's like I
used to love doing like the claw thing
to pull somebody off a ledge yeah claw
doesn't do that anymore it just rips the
gun out of their hand No so I can't I
can't do the claw take down the double
take down from the ledge that's been
replaced with the fear takedowns right
there's no everything funs been replaced
with the fear takedowns yeah yeah the
fear to end the fear takedowns are cheap
yep that's funny yeah
I agree they're really you know like
they're very useful when you're fighting
a bunch of dudes you know like where
it's a brawler section instead of a
stealth section and you know that's in
some of the side missions there are a
couple like brawler sections you know
and so they're really they're really
helpful there if the bullet hacker if
the claw take down where you can yank
somebody off a ledge that's enough
upgrade I haven't see that and I'm
strikes
I am 80% through the game so I don't
think it is
I'm gonna kitchen rich rich and Jack
which is your favorite supporting Batman
character that's not the Joker the Joker
I guess that's the problem with my you
know and you know me I like Robin I
think Robin gets a lot of shit but then
working together is what is what makes a
lot of Batman for me I'd say Gordon but
my Gordon Love entirely comes from year
one
sure Batman drugs I need to have his
back
are you I'm to find a high vantage point
well there is due to to to to to to to
to to to to to to to
I'm just gonna kick this guy I'm just
gonna kick this guy you know why cuz why
the fuck not nope nope didn't kick it
didn't kick him ratios Tina Stull Tiana
rich if there was a mechanic that made
your vision progressively worse the
longer you use detective Asian with this
enricher play experience in a similar
way to blood burns use of the known min
map to make you look around I mean one
of those things where it's kind of the
way I try to play anyway well and they
do that there there are bad guys here
who who disable your detective vision
yeah or if you use detective vision they
can pinpoint your location and you know
I thought that was a really nice way to
kind of balance it out I've been abusing
it a lot in this game because I want to
go through the story faster cuz I want
to see what happens next of course but I
think I think in general when I play the
Arkham games I turned the division like
on just check around every now and then
sure I don't I don't think I usually
leave it on yeah yeah
okay here we go
fifty-two come on over here hey Richard
Jack do you ever listen to Kevin Smith's
Batman podcast he has a dedicated Batman
podcast according to someone in the chat
no I did hear I did hear about him
talking to Grant Morrison and Grant
Morrison's theory on the end of The
Killing Joke okay all right he heard
this nope
Grant Morrison thinks that Alan Moore
obviously continuity doesn't play out
this way because they took The Killing
Joke as continuity and the Joker is not
dead but according to Greg Morrison the
way it's written
Batman murders the Joker at the very end
of The Killing Joke oh because the
camera just kind of goes away from them
and zooms in on the ground and laughter
stops the panel looks like Batman could
either be like reaching out to grab
Joker shoulder while we're sharing a
laugh he could be reaching out to snap
his neck panels like the ground and like
the laughter stops oh sure that's a fun
way to look at it yep that is uh that's
a fun way to look at it
oh hey man what are you doing over here
I think I think somebody dug up the
actual script from Alan Moore's The
Killing Joke and it does not read in the
script as as a murder the way it's
written in his script is that they share
a moment the one the one saying no that
Joker's gonna have to to to to to to to
to one guy to go one guy to go we're
doing it here it's a my happy and fine
if they never make another Arkham game
um I think so yeah they could they could
make more Batman games maybe just not an
Arkham game no well where do you go with
Batman from here you know cuz if you're
not doing another Arkham game that's
implying that the gameplay is gonna be
entirely different and I think I think
this is it I don't know where you take
Batman from here that's entirely
different and that also feels like
Batman and that works as well well well
it could be the same gameplay but if you
don't call it an Arkham game you could
you don't need to worry about escalation
anymore which is their problem here but
I mean if you're doing the same gameplay
you're still it's still you know not
calling it an Arkham game but it's
another Batman are gonna be sure a rose
by any other name Jack ah rich I you
know I don't like it when you get a
literary on me what what do I think of
Grant Morrison's weird beliefs
what are his weird beliefs I know
nothing about that I don't nothing about
the man personally so he has weird
beliefs no idea what they are alright
who are complain it there you go
no I hit it I hit it I hit the button I
hit the owner Oh
Robin just kicked her in the face
Arkham Iraq where Batman let's take out
all the places everyone one of these
games has to escalate and it is getting
kind of absurd of this
yes low yes the the problem of
escalation is very clear here all right
let's get out of here to to to to to to
to to to to to to to to wait now Robin
just has a lady where do we deposit the
lady love Robin worry about that listen
Robin I know we spend all day together
in a cave just a couple dudes oh and
Robin doesn't know that Barbara's dead
yet dad oh oh just updating updating the
chat updating the chat Robin and Barbara
are dating in this universe this this
game is making Batman
very hard to like yes it's it's really
emphasizing the asshole in him yeah but
you know he's making he's making some
tough calls I'm really here though
though he needs to what he really needs
to do is be a little more open and
honest and be like here's the thing Tim
Barbara's dead but the Joker's inside my
head and you need to keep working on
that here instead of just saying work on
the cure because I told you to you know
oh what was there a time limit on the
cure I mean really taking care of a
scarecrow just a better and fairer to
early on then maybe if Batman weren't
huffing so much fear gas you know this
wouldn't be a problem this wouldn't be
an immediate problem like it is yes Jibo
dude at debt dudes I did check Bruce
Wayne's answering machine at Wayne tower
rich did you check his answering machine
oh yeah yeah
yeah Robin are you still following me
you can just go on your own buddy making
fists ofon what I said you're gonna see
two fists yes eyeko okay I can go that
way okay great
there it is I just needed to find the
thing alright I found the thing right
everything's fine
that thing on the top right does not
mean the Batman's afraid when that
thing's glowing it means that you can
pretty much just ignore stealth and kill
a bunch of people at once yeah yeah
that's your fear meter when you
generated enough fear do-do-do-do-do and
I should wait until he's in position
before I didn't make the explosive and
what probably have to
what's the matter these bullets hurt
I need to choose a location to issue an
order fYI Jack yeah before you blow that
Wawa yeah you can lure him there voice
then not only can i I have to oh you
have to yes
oh I didn't know that I just thought to
do it ah and I thought I was gonna blow
the wall and then have to punch him yeah
I was gonna do that then I thought hey
you are a clever man than myself I like
it when the Batman goes in and punches
the playing a trick on me again
what is this happening to my mind to my
mind to save you it's been six months
the point he is usually a dead giveaway
I didn't want to show you that photo
really I didn't mind stuff is happening
the only way for you to get closure oh
my god this is horrifying Oh
Batman's losing his mind Batman's losing
his mind and his mind marbles okay I'm
fine let's get the next one
mmm mind marbles nope not that explosive
gel it's the the death and the family
cutscene done
yeah I don't know neither did I shine
washes I'm watching that at the way so
you read the comic Rey dice no he gets
beaten to death with a crowbar by the
Joker no yeah well they also they also
referenced The Killing Joke earlier with
Barbara Gordon yeah oh yeah so there
they're hitting the classics they're
hitting the classics oh wait can I
grapple there sorry there's a there's a
Riddler puzzle thing here yep and for
some reason I can't change characters as
with Robin to make him stand anything
well there's um the sonic Batarang under
the Sun that remote oh is that what I
need to do yeah yeah one of those guys
oh it's been a while since I've use
these should should Coulson's not gonna
lie this games ending is he let down
that's been every Arkham game yeah
pretty much every single one oh wow
that's one way shot here no no a lot of
people don't like the ending of the
first one because Joker on steroids is
too weird for them I mean it worked for
the plot mmm that's pretty weird but I
know a lot of people didn't like it
sure that's pretty weird city forgets
what the story is about about a quarter
of the way into it figure out what's
going on with you go strange and Arkham
Joker's here oh they missed it they
missed a great gag you there's a big
mirror and I'm not the Joker in the
mirror I'm just a Batman you would think
I'm not familiar with that mirror but
maybe maybe it's random oh sure this
lock is mechanical with no digital
components I won't be

[Part II]
this lock is mechanical with no digital
components I won't be able to use the
remote hacking device oh and you can use
a button to slow the battery down oh
okay I need your help
it's what a shoulder things I need you
to send me the CCT I want to say left in
the camera in stage C you can so so
here's the thing with Henry
this old guy who is helping us out yeah
this old guy has been begging to be let
out like your finger and we've been
holding him hostage like looking for
cures right yes because Batman is a jerk
and now he's all like yeah I'm here to
help you he's totally full Joker already
right like that's the last ten minutes
that's that's what I'm calling Story one
okay thanks Henry is he's like full evil
already okay
oh oh that's where the mirror comes into
play okay that's fun I'm not gonna spoil
anything so no this is me because like
he's been he's been bitching and moaning
about being locked up for the entire
game and all of a sudden he's like if
I'm just here to help Batman you dollar
you you need me to do something wrong
I'm do it okay so we got zero
middle one okay but it's reversed yep
yeah okay great taxes so that's okay how
do you feel about Jim Gordon Mecca
Batman Jim Zorn Oh what do you know
about Jim Gordon Mecca Batman
no Jim Gordon Mecca Batman yeah is this
game thing or a comic book
no the chemical thing in the comic books
Batman is now James Gordon in a robot
Batman suit who is wearing a bomb vest
once or five other bombs around Batman
is now James Gordon in a robot Batman
that sounds like the dumbest thing I've
ever heard hold on we got we got
puzzling things to charisma
oh my god I have to control Robin while
the camera is on Batman I mean it's fine
but you know I mean I do love you know
Joker is
what the fuck is going on and dick the
birthday boy Joker's serenading us and
I'm Robin and I have to control Robin in
a different perspective which is fine
it's it's it's weird but how could you
not love this section what is wrong with
you I don't like it when they
arbitrarily change up gameplay mechanics
for a specific scene and it's not
arbitrarily I don't like when they
change up gameplay mechanics just for a
specific scene because it takes me out
of it a little bit it's fun it's really
fun and a lot I will always say that the
more mark hamill Joker the better so
it's it's a clever way to do it but like
I'm why it why isn't the camera on on
Robin you know don't I know no it's just
me
it's just me it's just me yeah the
Joker's and Batman's had fun but uh the
charisma of a guy with the Joker stuff
is really there please explain when
Batman reconstructs the crash involving
Barbara yeah how's this reconstruction
device get audio of Barbara I I see that
the reconstruction largely just in
Batman's head as he imagines it happen
yes rather than an actual holographic
display with audio that's really there
that's how I read that so and I'm sure
that like a lot of the graphics were
there but uh yeah the audio could just
be in his head
now there's the other problem sneaky
Robin is the oh fuck where's the other
bum oh it's on the Joker that's right
it's on the Joker that's where the last
problem is so just keep singing yeah I'm
just kind of hanging out behind Joker
and I'm not doing anything this can't be
right what I'm doing right now it can't
be right
this doesn't feel right this is oh
there's okay great not like Mark Hamill
I love Mark Hamill yeah it's great
people think I'm nuts when I say I
remember more as the Joker that I do a
Harry this Luke Skywalker who are you
know this is telling you something it
took me a second to think
Skywalker but my a my head he's the
Joker first and foremost yeah
okay that way you know what does it fun
family fun section like that work Robin
my contribution to music okay you know
me to pick him up now you pick him up
you might you're my you're my apprentice
Robin you pick them up you do the work
come in come on let's go
why does every Batman game have to be
about Arkham why can't they just make an
open world Grand Theft Auto type game
where you just go around beating up
criminals that's my favorite part of
this game yes what this is the other
reason Arkham's in the title was because
the first game was success and they were
kind of stuck with the Arkham name at
that point yeah cuz they had a brand
they wanted people to know it was a
sequel to that and I would I think I
wouldn't that's missing in the superhero
genre in general is like just give me a
sandbox
give me a procedurally generated crime
sandbox you know yeah like I don't need
I don't need the main story of this if
you took the main story out of this game
I love it more and then the tank take
the tank outs like it's like the the
spider-man open-world games yeah
spider-man's like they do right they do
yeah I know I know but they do random
crimes but it's like you know stop stop
the mugger stop speeding car white
spider-man's book so many fucking
supervillains why don't sue performs
randomly pop up on the map wouldn't it
be great can awesome we just swing it by
and holy shit there's Doc Ock yeah
with Doc Ock fight that would be great
everyone calls them bats and I think
that's great
yeah no no like like I said like the way
they do the side missions in this game
where you just have to be randomly going
by and noticed something I loved I loved
that about this game make it a little
procedurally generated where you know
the the villains the the bad guys come
at different levels and you're just a
super hero with some powers that would
be amazing
make thing happen the thing that Spider
Man 2 taught me though it was if you're
gonna do open-world super hero with
random things that happen you need a
shitload of different random things
where it's gonna get real repetitive
real quick yeah yes there's only so many
times you can give a child back as a
balloon oh no the roads closed how am I
ever gonna get in oh great alright
doo-doo-doo
wait Cameron ritual as the Joker yes or
no no Cameron Cameron Mitchell as drunk
James Gordon yes
typically drunk James Gordon though yep
James Gordon's life has been taken away
from him and he's taking it out on the
boot on the bottle in Batman this is
like after his wife died or something
yeah yeah yeah all right I'm missing
something over here how do I get in this
one I'm not gonna look at the chat
because I like figuring it out for
myself
you settle down you settle that can I
hit it with a Batarang
I can figure this out I can figure this
out maybe I think this great is throwing
me off a little bit need to remember
what I all have here how this work used
more knockout gas you know you would
think that knockout gas would be like
beat or just like a stun gun that Batman
really needs a stun gun you know like a
sniper rifle that incapacitate people
why does he even bother with kung fu
because they didn't have stun guns in
1938 right it's gotta be something with
is great was what I'm thinking
Mario Mario 42 you are right I do want
to do that one to do one there much you
wanna you want a back seat game yeah
yeah yeah no I know and this has got to
be frustrating for anyone who knows what
the who knows what the solution is and
I'm sure like I'm sure you guys figured
it out like right away but it for some
reason this is is a doozy of a puzzle
for me so someone in the chat earlier
kept mentioning a Superman Arkham style
game I don't see how that works with
Superman mm-hmm cuz who the fuck needs
stealth you just go in and you beat up
everybody
well you take no damage while doing it
you know what what we what we discussed
this before in the integrated Superman
game
what you need is timed events right you
need like like you you have to save a
certain number of people and the random
his crime events if you don't get to him
in time you know you lose and so like
and then if you lose enough like your
your morale goes down and Superman
commits suicide or something okay it's
kind of have something to do with this
great but but my question for the chat
is cuz this is supposedly the last
Arkham game that Rocksteady is going to
make yeah I don't know what their next
game is going to be are they doing a
Superman game is that why people keep
bringing that up oh maybe is that is
that their next thing you know that's
excuse me is that just speculation it's
probably speculation no oh it's gotta
have something to do with this Cambridge
or the grace under the game but they
have the makings of a great take girl
game no I hate that all the tank stuff
it's fine it just it doesn't feel very
Batman it's not Batman and it's also not
very interesting like Italy hope at
least the cars just oh go ahead I would
say at least the car stuff is you're
moving fast you know you have to keep up
with people but the tank stuff is just
you know dodge the line in front of you
shoot your missile rinse repeat all the
tank stuff I find so dull I thought all
of the ACE chemical plant stuff with the
tank was great yeah yeah that was great
that was some clever use of it I don't
know that I want to hold Batman game
it's just that though right and as far
as just just visually I mean it's an
ugly-ass Batmobile really ugly right
I'm getting close I'm getting close to
needing a hand here oh let me get out of
the grade cuz like why else would the
great be there if you didn't have to use
the grade do you have to use the great
what do you give up tell me this do you
have to use the great not to get the big
gate open
not to get the gate open this is just my
remote control the great has no use in
solving the puzzle
it is a gadget it is a gadget that you
have so go through everything you
haven't tried yet right how would how
would Batman how would bad that isn't
with his inventory what he has yeah he
has so many things that it could hit it
with but I can't make it to the gate you
know like my bat claw should be able to
make it through the gate it's not okay
my Batarang again should be able to make
it through the gate it can't be s got
the line launcher oh yeah that's not
going to work
that's not gonna work I got the
explosive gel I guess I could put the
explosive gel on the gate and blow these
people up but but I don't think that's
what Batman would do no we have the
voice synthesizer which probably won't
work and why not cuz these guys are
looking right at me
I wonder I wonder why that great stir
come on that was fun
that did get that that got me a lot more
than it should have
I got you I get you take out the big gun
take out the big guy no go for the big
guy you always think of the big guys
what's what's wrong with with rich yeah
this is self-diagnosed because I'm not
gonna be able to see a doctor until July
9th that's when your appointment is yeah
I I believe I am having a a sciatic
nerve flare-up inflammation thing and
basically I have a lot of pain in my leg
yeah it's the the nurse that ones from
your leg to your spine yep basically
basically whatever I try to move it's
it's agony though it's it's a bit better
name like I said when I when I when I
got out of bed this morning I really I
only screamed in excruciating pain once
so I mean the day before I actually fell
to the ground and beg to God I don't
believe in - please end the suffering Oh
God
so so this down
why isn't this something this should be
something this red dangling curtain in
the middle of the room that should be
something numb toes when I when I had
this last year I almost think a year ago
Zig last July it's like right around the
same time I wanted that fucking Star
Trek thing and when they had the recast
reunion III had a sciatica flare-up then
and then it was so bad my tongues were
all so dumb but also dumb but I mean you
can tell how much of a nerd I am there's
in Chicago there was a next-gen cast
reunion and I had to go I went anyway
despite the pain yes how many times does
that happen right right it's another
Joker torturing Jason sequence so now
that I know that this is part of the
game these the next obvious guess is
that the Arkham Knight is Jason Todd I
said the next obvious guess is that the
Arkham Knight is Jason Todd you know if
it's not tell ya how cool I I assumed
that because like they didn't really
mention him in the world that he was
just not a part of it yeah but now that
he is a part of it well I'm not gonna
say anything what do you think enough
you know they've they're making a real
big deal like you know they've made a
couple like passing remarks to Talia
yeah but there's they seem to make a
really big thing out of this Jason Todd
stuff Jason Todd Jason thought Tim is
the new one than that for a while so
they seem to may be making a really big
deal out of it but they claimed it was
gonna be a completely new character and
we know Jason Todd is the Red Hood right
so
okay just a brother if it were Jason
time I mean it would kind of be a
letdown
I mean yes it would be like doing the
most obvious thing you know if they did
that not only the most obvious but like
reusing ideas that they've already used
yes you know so yes that would be
incredibly disappointing oh yeah oh no
is that it
what is that it rich what is it Jason
Todd huh and I think I was giggling
something in the chat
I'm gonna rip out both your hearts that
doesn't make any sense
Oh both I guess there's two of us here
sure okay I thought he was just talking
to Batman Oh Batman I'm gonna rip out
both of your hearts maybe you don't know
anything about why I was doing such a
good job I just got hit for the first
time I've gotten so much better at
fighting in this game hopefully you all
are noticing I say that I'm just kidding
slow steady wins the race
resergy yes yes I am I am angry that
there are only four blend combat
challenges they got rid of the entire
challenge mode in this game I think it's
because they want to sell it as DLC
there's cynical horrible you like
challenge mode you got $40 Susan pass
Thank You challenge boat
do you have $40 well that's the
challenge hey extra for this thing that
used to come with the games good thing
it's a good thing it's a good thing that
we're charging extra for that doubt
ripping content out of the games for DLC
no no no there's just this thing and
that was in the other games that we're
not putting in this one but it's gonna
be DLC cuz it's it's it's extra now
bonus content okay
so anyway we're worried $40 yes a
horrible glory it is snack time if
anyone is in the greater Wisconsin area
and you have access to lakefront brewery
beer they're doing this my turn series
where they let different people at
lakefront brew their own beer and the
Tom Citra hop to IPA is quite wonderful
that's why I'm drinking right now and
it's beautiful beer very refreshing IPA
for the summertime okay great okay okay
that was fun that was a that was a nice
combat section little little boss button
prompt tea a little a little Brawley
it's fun that was fun the fun part is I
finally understand how to do the combat
and I don't you know I don't know what
I'm I'm a vet at this point I mean I've
been a big fan since Arkham Asylum first
came out sure I eagerly anticipated the
release of every single one so I mean
it's old hat to me but I know you didn't
play siloam for the first time until
like they call memory six months ago
right if even that am at the finish the
first game I'll start kind of playing it
right here's the thing when you review
games you don't you can't always play
what you want to play yeah it's like I I
really want to perfect Dead Rising 2 so
I could try to stream a no death run
yeah we're doing it this way okay I like
invisible ink I'm not in the mood for it
but I got to play it yeah
when do you want to try and do the
reviews that's a good question I would
like to finish it just to get the full
story experience I mean I'm like I said
I'm like 79 percent through I don't
think it'll take me that much longer
right
I'm not gonna worry about doing all of
the side quests sure Hartley's here are
some saying archive Asylum is the best
story night is the best game play and
city is the perfect middle ground ah
xylem is the best story city is the best
gameplay and then night it's quality
storytelling I'm not gonna say it's the
best story yet because I haven't
finished it
it's disqualified for that reason but
the gameplay no watered-down stealth
sections not as much combat because too
much of the game is taken up with weird
tape stuff I just really dislike the
tank stuff everything beyond the tank
stuff I really enjoy even story-wise the
story is carrying me through the game
yeah but like the the way they're
handling these side missions I just love
I love discovering the side missions on
my own without a little marker and I
know you're not doing a lot of man
that's some of the most fun for me is
just gliding around the city and you
know catching a building on fire
I shouldn't break cover hardly could
kill Robin
I'm not breaking cover she can't see me
over here
I shouldn't break cover her facial
animations are better in the main game
which hardly good kills really kind of
weird all sudden done why it's so awful
in her own DLC right you would have
think they could have used the same
programming here I guess how because one
of these things were slapped together
weird Robert has a stick and that seems
to be preferable if you're fighting a
gun a gun battle axe oh my god how am I
so low on health already I must have
really fucked up somewhere stick
somebody else can grab maybe they can
still use you stronger maybe you can
steal your stick away we're either if
you upset that poison ivy and scarecrow
were pretty much two completely
different characters from their previous
incarnation so far Poison Ivy's been the
same Albert yeah Ivy's horribly
different yeah it's a little bit weird
that scarecrows different yes we're
trying to make him the big horrible evil
bad guy and you know what he can be like
you know he's had his own stories that
have been great before but it's not this
well they they need epic right this is
the problem this is the exact problem
with the game is they don't need epic
for the game but they went epic they
need epic to sell I think they want epic
cuz I think that they want this to be
the last one I think they want the big
last hurrah
I don't know that could be oh sorry I
wasn't paying attention to what I have
to do now I'll probably go find Harley
they made they made scarecrow scary Bane
exactly that's exactly what they did get
her locked up in a Cell Oh what what's
another game that had a story that kept
you playing through Mac gameplay the
first Mass Effect no actually I did like
the exploration stuff on planets I liked
that you could fly to any planet but the
the actual combat and Mass Effect one
sucks ass it just completely blows
chunks but the story and the characters
are so fucking good oh that's good okay
now the old guys gonna be Joker that's
my guess this is my official guess oh
yeah I was looking at Harley's ass a
little bit you know you notice so Batman
keeps making Robin carry all the heavy
people well yeah he's the intern you
make the intern do the grunt work yep
there is
yeah okay everyone everyone saw that
coming go to hell
nice move now hardly she'd be able to
take care of herself at this point but
that's fine you know Harley doesn't want
to know if your wife was dead and she
could only come back as an old woman
wouldn't you water anyway yeah I suppose
you're right you have no idea what the
fuck is happening Oh optimizer you know
there's a lot going on we're halfway
through the story there's literally a
flourish turning people into the joke oh
yeah and this old man is the Joker but
the real Joker that you see is in
Batman's head and that is confusing if
he's just coming in
now that's unexpected
oh oh that's fun he killed himself rich
do you know why yeah cuz he sees he sees
it oh my god Robin just figured it out
Robin Robin you're the worst detective
ever to be too dangerous I won't be able
to stop you which is funny because
amongst all the Robins I think Tim's
supposed to be the smart one
right let me go in my cell now and Robin
will take care of this is that what's
gonna happen that would be great let's
do a little minigame where Robin needs
to agree with you Robin
I agree with you I want to get in the
cell Robin's here I hit the enter cell
button
all right it's happening
Oh Bruce's face I'm sorry Bruce but it's
the only way I know Tim I'll stop
scarecrow I'll take care of it Alfred I
said I'll handle it
you'll be fine of course I will you
trouble me so now I'm just looking
around myself I can only assume there's
gonna be a joker pop-up at some point
I like how they do that like they make
you kind of look around and then like
Joker oh yeah there it is okay it's a
Jason Todd it's a Jason okay so the
arkham knight is totally Jason Todd all
right can I yell at him or do I need to
like a look away again and then like
look there oh yeah there okay exciting
looking around gameplay exactly
addictive birth anyway no but it's fun
you know I know storytelling at Rajah
steady yeah and but but like the way
that they incorporate that with the
gameplay yeah it's it's it's exactly
what it should be you know like it's not
a cutscene I as a character have to look
around and I as a character it gets
revealed to me not through a cutscene
it's it's something really that I would
not expect in a triple-a title exactly
press X to look around that's exactly
what they would have done in another
game yeah
have you got something to tell the nice
man
Jason oh it's Jason Todd is choker
reprogram Jason Todd - hey bad bets it's
not yours anymore rich no to do with as
I wish that's the lamest it's not the
lamest lame is the company announcing
that basically they said it's not James
gonna be any character so they're trying
to surprise you by lying well and you've
been here before so you just had Joker
shoot him right you've seen this before
okay so Joker just shot him supposedly
dead and so that's supposed to throw us
off the trail maybe so there's a pasta
there's still a possibility that it's
not him also Joker's holding the camera
oh he's looking at the footage that's
supposed to throw us off the trail but
okay so yeah it's definitely gonna be
Jason Todd no here's my question but it
can't be because he's Red Hood and Red
Hood exists in this universe they think
the Red Hood exists so they could have
another DLC with a known character
mm-hmm
I don't know I don't think they gave a
fuck about continuities let's do a Red
Hood thing that's an exclusive bonus
content for target whoever the fuck had
it get them pre-orders yeah yeah yeah
here's my question with this why why
would Joker virus Batman have Joker's
actual memories unless the virus the
weird mutant virus that exclusively
happened in the Joker also has the
Joker's memories
is that a thing I mean you know we're
dealing with some comic book science
here right and so if it can like
reprogram people's skin it might be able
to repair it alright that's that you
know if you're making the leap to that
it can turn people into white faced
Joker people you can you can make a
little further leap it's it's it's too
much it's too much I mean it worked fine
without or perhaps Batman just worrying
about becoming like the Joker is enough
without having them actually become the
Joker memories at all perhaps a way we
can look at this is it it's not Joker's
memories but it's the worst thing that
Batman can imagine and you know the
Batman knows joker pretty well okay and
so it's not the Joker memories it's the
Joker kind of like letting Batman's
imagination run away with it you know
what I'm fine with that okay that's
that's gonna be my I want to go in the
cell choice I don't think that the game
wants me to go in the cell well
evidently game sold so I know I know but
Robin keeps telling me you know to go
back in the cell and I'm listening to
Robin by the way that's the right thing
yes but then now the Joker is gonna come
back again to be like nope you gotta
come out of the cell Batman has to be an
asshole in this game yeah so a where's
the Joker gonna come from I turn around
I'm over here now and I'm back this game
has me almost hoping Batman dies because
he's such an asshole alright I'll come
out I'll do what you want game fine
I'll do what you want
I'm not like I I know you're trying to
do what you think you should do and not
what the game watch well and I see like
you know most likely a BOTS as Jack is
being impressively oblivious I'm not
being impressively oblivious I'm trying
to do I'm trying to make a choice in the
gimping you're being deliberately
deliberately oblivious that's the real
thing well you know I'm trying to make a
choice and obviously the game wants me
to do something not a role-playing game
exactly and but but so it's like from a
story perspective oh how do I get out of
here here's a bad suit area can I go to
the bad suit area
I'm not I'm not going in cuz every time
I go in you just tell me to get out
again
can I go to the computer and no right
choice in a video oh there's Harley am I
supposed to let Harley out no choice
choice in a game is about a little bit
more than just deciding what you do in
the story now owning it is no it is but
I you know if if I'm supposed to get out
you would think that there would be
another way to handle it story like and
it's like right now I honestly have no
idea what I was supposed to do cuz
Robins telling me to get back in and I
can't leave you know so it's like do I
just go back in does it want me to is
this is it the is this a story trying to
convey wait I'm watching it at the light
your soul you're still doing the prison
something yeah alright there's uh
there's a counter fire crew when Robin
tries to put you in the phone oh I
didn't notice that you know yeah you
know why cuz like my camera was like up
here now look if my camera if Mike's
place I'm just saying like look right
here that my camera was right here and I
couldn't I could only see the tips of
the counter thing so I didn't even know
this okay I press the counter button
this time wait but didn't he already
leave trust me they're doing a thing
they're doing a thing apparently what
happened originally it was all in his
head you know that was all of us all
hallucination by the way I do get a
feeling I get the feeling that this
entire thing is going to be a dream do
you ever get that feeling where where
it's like the entire mission is gonna be
a dream you know just due to the nature
of the story I'm not sure what is going
to be a dream or not
sure reality is unreliable in this case
it is because the Scarecrow is involved
but I don't think they're gonna do the
cop-out and say that it was all a dream
is all the the Scarecrow's angel does
you know I don't think they'll go that
that's what it reeks at me it reeks
event one of the hallmarks of the series
is they they love their mind fucks yeah
yeah they're gonna Super Mario to this
they're not gonna I keep I keep feeling
like they're going what has you had
Batman absolutely like I'm not I'm not
entirely convinced that Barbara Brody
was dead Ryan that's what I'm saying
stuff like that it's it's just too
depressing
she's a likable character and I don't
think they're going to I don't think I
don't even think DC is gonna let Barbara
Gordon reshoot herself in the head I'm
furious
I think she's gonna be fun and the
person in the wheelchair is gonna be
someone else that's my theory that's a
good that's a fine theory did you know
you can take out these drones yeah yeah
I just let's cover that let's land on
and do the explosive gel yeah I love
that you can do that
I do it all the time I hate that they
regenerated I where am I supposed to go
now
I wasn't paying attention weird Jack
wasn't paying attention
hold on what can I do here oh I can't
probably DC has got enough shit with
women in refrigerators I think I think
somebody would have vetoed bags like
read the script like she was originally
supposed to die and some does it no
nobody we just had a whole big Barbara
Gordon snafu let's not do it again there
the Harlequin snafu
what's the Harlequin snafu they had our
art contest with with Harley and you had
to draw her like committing suicide by
dropping a toaster in the bathtub with
herself
what yeah because that was dry a a page
from the upcoming Harley Quinn comic I
think I think it was something like that
and in the script she she does that ODC
you got some issues they took some shit
for that well duh yep so maybe I'm wrong
cuz obviously they don't give a shit
because they've made terrible decisions
in the past because DC just doesn't give
a fuck that's great alright remember the
Adam West's Batman episode went bathroom
girl shoots herself that's too dark for
me that was I was not expecting that I
was really taken aback when she shot
herself
I'm skeptical about it because he got
dosed with fear gas right before it
happened right
may require your attention firstly I'm
detecting unusual seismic activity on me
a gurney island okay we got some more
side missions here tank mode tank mode
got a tank it up oh you know what I
don't care about Joker puzzles that's
what I'm gonna say all right let's see
what our new missions are what do we get
here oh we can do another I want to do
another penguin mission I love the
penguin missions you know why cuz you
get to beat up dudes that's all I care
about
it's all I care about is brawling like
I'm waited I'm waiting for Alfred
talking to you to end up not being
Alfred everything you see is is
debatable in this game yeah reality is
in question yes and I want and I like
that all right we gotta track them in so
you hit the van with the tracker then we
come and knock on the door then we have
to follow it and you just get to glide
around the city that's the greatest
oh no he's getting too far away he's
getting too far away I got a visual
I got a visual rats don't worry all
right and I finally figured out that
whole like dive and glide to recover
speed and stacks are you doing one of
languages yeah
oh no oh I ran into a watchtower get out
of here get out here
one watchdog just just uh that the
trumpet they'll decide children well I
thought I got all the watchtowers so I
was very surprised
Thanks fucking tanks okay finally the
penguin mission okay how do I get in get
in this building
fucking tanks yep
take tank tank tank tank tank tank tank
huh well then it's just like I don't you
know do I need the tank here to get rid
of the other tank so I can go to on the
mission that I really care about okay is
everything coming there's a tank coming
you know what there's a tank coming wait
for the tank to pass you know what what
why did they use drums so Batman
wouldn't have to kill anyone when he
blew up the tanks
yeah but they know Batman and they know
Batman won't kill anyone so if they put
people in the tanks Batman would be
helpless against the tanks did they used
ropes oh you know what rich you got the
tanks this game ended in the first 10
minutes yep shoot the tanks I can't
people and thanks I can blow up these
cars that's part of my Batman code I
can't do it yeah I guess I guess Gotham
is gonna die you'd probably like Arkham
City I recommend you to play Arkham City
after this yeah it's a lot of the same
without the battle that would be great
yeah cuz here I just you know I'm here
and I
Alfred and Alfred was like you know what
you should take the car to this location
I think I gotta fight people my stupid
tank thing oh there's a bomb thing here
I'll come back that okay where am i God
what am i doing hate all of you
do man that was fun I just shot him on
with my tank I guess I could have popped
out and fought em all but you know you
got the tank there well Batman is famous
for being a master take Batman
pens their edition whatever and it's you
know it's an ugly Batmobile it just is
it's enough you know not only is it an
ugly Batmobile I just don't like I don't
like the the tank combat it is out of
place
it is and it's too it's too easy it's
not it's not satisfying like fighting is
you know hitting all the right cues in
the fight makes you feel powerful
oh god what do I have to do now just
mentally deranged and he thinks that all
the people he's been kidding with ask
are all game long he thinks they're just
taking a nap
yep okay how can I know yeah yeah
they're all all those people are fine
they're just happening I want to say
there's a sketch there is a there's a
sketch where Batman murders people and
shoot somebody in that he'll be out for
an hour yeah exactly no no there is it's
it's a really funny sketch no he's
napping
someone someone tells me she was napping
it's really good someone someone find
that sketch I want to say it might be a
college humor thing it's really good did
it oh I did I miss something okay I miss
something okay
I know what's going on here I've seen
okay good yeah someone link to that to
that sketch it's really funny that's a
really funny Batman sketch no no they my
Alfred told me that everyone was
sleeping okay I found it what's saying
CollegeHumor yeah college humor every
once in a while that college humor does
something funny we thank you mystery
guy's mouth Pete Holmes Batman yeah I'd
like to give her CV Batman tries to find
his voice sketch with Pete oh yeah same
same people okay so it's funny
what is that Malkovich are you doing
Malkovich anything would have been
better literally I think that was
literally the worst voice he could have
had yep
he could have sounded like Harley Quinn
in this game

[Part III]
fear multi takedown no fear multi
cheekbone
yep I'll take it I hate that mechanic
you know yeah to make this game is how's
that
yeah that's pretty easy boss why did I
do that why did that miss where's
Nightwing
where's Nightwing is it night wings
supposed to be here I want to say yes
I haven't done this particular mission
oh you son of a bitch he hit me with a
box rich that son of a bitch threw a box
net
what traveling really fucked and he
should apologize well it you know what
it just makes me feel dumb because I got
hit by the box
where's Poochie ultime sir that's what
it says it's time to upgrade I never I
don't know I only have nine points now
oh great later hey you know where's the
upgrades aren't all that exciting
no like I really enjoy where the fuck
was Nightwing rich toy do you think they
were afraid to come back we could boring
after two games yeah I think that's why
the whole game is take take take take
take take take you guys are you guys
like tanks I kind of like things also I
do that entire scene without I did that
and tie your fight without Nightwing
that's weird
night Wayne was supposed to be here the
Rising Sun that should be a mod he says
I wish the game had a mode where sixties
Batman punching things would show up
when you hit something or something sure
like the bangs in PAL oh yeah that'd be
great like every time you do like the
knockout punch
yeah a big pow sure that would be good
mutters PC mutters you get on that yeah
make that whatever is the Steam version
is actually playable you make that mod
you man you make that mother hold on for
a second I forgot to do something
some says night wake isn't in this
mission he's off doing something else oh
he's getting kidnapped by the penguin so
the last mission is more interesting
that's my guess I haven't done the I
haven't finished the penguin missions
that's just my guess I mean you that you
have to be right dictor birthday voices
Arkham City has retro Batman this one
has it too but we're talking about the
actual like visual onomatopoeia effects
that would pop up on the screen in the
sixties show yeah like you hit somebody
in it the screen says Powell yeah yeah
somebody in the chat is saying they
should have made a 1960s Batman game the
speculation before they made this one is
that's what the next game was going to
be oh really
yeah later hope you're Batman the game
yeah that pan out that way but that was
the rumor Adam West is still around they
get him to voice the character he's
still those voice work would be you know
what that would be kind of fun yeah Chum
sorry
we're gonna stick here or something okay
yes riser gee I missed the combat
challenges too I would frequently turn
on asylum or City just just to play the
the combat challenge mode mm-hmm just to
do that even if I wanted to play story
mode sometimes when I first turned the
game on I would just fire up challenge
mode just just a warm-up first oh sure
just to kind of get back into the into
the combat groove before before
attempting a failed Arkham Asylum no
Jeff run I would usually start off with
a good a good session of combat
challenges just to just say just to get
my life my rhythm going
yeah okay here we go sorry about that no
I forgot to unban someone oh oh my god
who got banned and wipe ah the binary
Sun okay and I talked to the mods and we
couldn't figure out why they run or why
they were banned oh oh I hope you have
you're totally right by the way rich
Nightwing was captured by thank good and
so i've unbanded binary Sun if you're
here sorry for forgetting to do that
before the stream started but I just
remembered which if you ever match
Anthony no death run evident you guys
leave his location for me I have and I
pulls it off I'm a normal mind you not
on hard but it's it's been done many
years ago it was my crowning no death
run achievement yeah yep Wow let's
finish up this penguin one
penguin has Nightwing hostage in the
amur tech building at otisburg
he would go home dick here we go hang on
Nightwing and I swear to god jack in in
city yeah
penguin is just the best character you
know here he's kind of inside here is
just kind of a slump ya know in in city
it's the most interesting penguin has
ever been okay right because you can
just see how sadistic he is well that's
great get out of here and you know what
I do I'm gonna leave my bat will be on
right there cuz that's what I do I hate
the Batmobile so much I'm just gonna
leave it right there and I'm gonna glide
I suppose I should I should take it out
of the tunnels at least
there's no gliding out of the tunnels so
this way I don't have to run out of the
tunnels oh you were supposed to glide
off a bat Batman get your shit together
Stan's 1985 says origins was only bad
because it didn't offer anything new
origins was slapped together organ was
made by a different studio because
Warner Brothers didn't want to go for
years a lot of Batman games very popular
they just handed the reins off to
somebody else to make a game feel time
and to save time I mean they basically
just copied everything in Arkham City
let's say it's the exact same fucking
map but the story in origins I think is
really good I think the story in origins
is a lot better than the the story and
city now they don't have the same
storytelling Flair that that Rocksteady
has but just the plot itself I mean it's
a great Batman meets Joker for the first
time story and they use Vayne horribly
properly like it picks up it makes up
for bein being an utter buffoon in
Arkham Asylum there's some goodness in
origins
Oh someone's stuck out a bad guy's stuck
on a wall that makes me almost feel bad
for sneaking up on him almost how was
Troy Baker as Batman as I mean as Joker
not as good as Mark Hamill he does a
fairly decent Mark Hamill impression
except sadly for the laughs is I got
everything but the laugh and it's tragic
but he does a decent enough job and then
the guy they got to do Batman
does a decent Kevin Conroy impersonation
except when he admits gets mad he does
that's stupid in origins except when he
gets mad he does that stupid uh
Christian Bale growl yeah
but otherwise he's trying to sound like
Kevin Conroy no that's good
yeah you'll be fine just come over here
come around this corner real quick
do-do-do-do-do nothing's gonna happen if
you come around this corner to do what
oh oh shit
hahaha
smoke pellet always wins
goddammit sentry gun get out of here
with your sentry guns
I wear these people at there's someone
there's someone
oh shit damn it now that was sloppy I'm
being sloppy that's fine that's fine
sentry guns rich sentry guns and oh oh I
took out the guy who is disabling my bad
vision my detective vision oh good
that's that's helpful
stop placing sentry guns
are we thinking of flying police quest -
that was one of the best streams ever
haha glad you enjoyed it eventually yes
yeah yeah I mean we want to play more
Sierra games we were thinking our next
Sierra game would be would be like one
of the Kings quests or peasant quests
just to make it a little bit different
but yeah I I would love to return to
sunny box oh yeah yeah that was super
fun oh there's only one guy left
you know what I don't get mine Batman
being interested in Talia al Ghul
you mean the super sexy spy lady the the
daughter of Ra's al Ghul yeah race Roz
whatever like they you know they
reference her a lot in this game warns
for her yeah did you go into the
evidence room at the police station yeah
yeah and yeah her like swords are there
and he he stops to put his hand on it I
never understood why Batman would like
her she's a fucking genocide maniac you
know the heart father wants to kill
billions of people and she helps him
yeah but I think he found love with her
before before before he knew all that
and then you know it was like someone
who could keep up with him mentally and
physically
I just always seen her as a terrible
love interest terrible no no it made
sense it always made sense to me oh I do
want to play a half-life one Black Mesa
ah that would be great no you know it
always made sense like she was she was
much like Catwoman she is someone who is
Batman's equal and Batman had you know
he don't want no Harley Quinn he don't
want no lady who ain't no smarts I mean
when it comes between Talia al Ghul and
kattleman yeah happen every time you
know Talia's got some money it already
has my you know what to say to worry
about Catwoman stealing some of it right
she's not gonna slit your throat the
middle of the night because her father
has some crazy murder everybody scheme
going on murder everybody scheme
don't expend too much energy forming
words I know how to do this can I get
over there I know how to do this okay we
need the disrupter gun right
oh no the hacking the hacking thing does
that not the young the young and the
restless' is Batman liking a lady who
challenges him absurd can't Catwoman
challenges him Talia al Ghul is a she's
a murderer she's a genocide 'el maniac
who challenges them you know like all
right Batman Batman whole thing is
fighting criminals yeah this is why Tae
Yong chol is more of a terrorist nutjob
that a criminal
Catwoman's a criminal there's better
brand synergy there you know I'm sure
it's better in Batman's universe I agree
I agree with that when you get in the
race al Ghul territory you get into some
weird shit with immortality resurrection
pizza yeah global eco-terrorism good
well you know once you start getting
into global eco-terrorism Batman started
because he wanted to stop muggers yeah
thanks really escalated for Bruce Wayne
didn't he you know what I think maybe
the hope may be the entire Batman story
is just about Bruce Wayne getting in too
deep and trying to lie his way out of it
all like I don't know guys I've made
this commitment no I I mean I have no
idea what I'm doing I'm making it up as
I go along here I'll be honest with you
I suppose he regrets the no killing role
every day of his life yes things would
be so much easier if I could just kill
every
I could change anything I would just
murder everyone who disagree with me all
right
press X to rescue Nightwing that was a
literal press X to rescuing but that's
fine back away from you yeah I want to
be Knightly it always obsessed me like
when you when you get the new character
but then like they give you back to
Batman that's like now I've been Batman
already I don't care about being badly
she kept woman she's a villain but just
she's not a murderer which I think I
think with Batman that's that's the
important the fact that he's attracted
or and that she's in my mind you know
Catwoman's the more realistic love
interests I think Talia al Ghul want to
be with them like if you could convince
her to be even somewhat good you know
keep up your eco-terrorism or whatever
but stop murdering just farmers for fun
spots check for spots
yeah yeah no I'm with you come on there
we go leopard and spots
a leopard and spots
she can't isolate mutaters saying I
wouldn't call Catwoman a villain she's
teetering the line between villain and
antihero maybe she's a thief she's the
kind of person that Batman tries to stop
yes we still need to find him
where's the penguin it got a lock-up the
penguin you know I don't know I've
always if I if I were Bruce Wayne
Catwoman
fine you can't Catwoman's like common
eye I'm a billionaire who punches bad
guys at night for fun right I need
something that's a little more exciting
I need a global terrorist just to fill
that it's too crazy you're I mean you're
not thinking like a billion got it you
gotta stay away from crazy exciting yeah
she looks dangerously hmm and she
doesn't murder people yeah yeah sounds
like she's a square to me oh really
Nightwing you got snuck up on by the
penguin issues Tatiana's right and care
of aunt Catwoman robbing
that's time he give me stopping violent
muggers yeah I think I actually think
that's why Batman and Batman and
Catwoman get along so well I think I
think he can kind of be cool with her
because she isn't running around
murdering people
he would rather stop the violent thugs I
think I think that's the thing that
Batman could be better spending his time
stopping violent murders than cattlemen
that they should be a higher priority
and I think they are which is why Batman
kind of sort of flirt with the idea of
having Catwoman as a love interest and
out of someone that needs to be thrown
in jail immediately sure I'm half paying
attention to you because there's that
there's a penguin cutscene costumes in
this game are more ripped than
schumacher stars everybody's wearing a
robot suit yeah this is the end
everybody's wearing the design suck in
this game all right that's my grade op
you nothing stops you keep blüdhaven
safe I somebody in the last one I think
it was octave Jay mentioned that he
could switch back to the normal outfit
we start the game with and I did that
yeah but and you still get all the same
rules yeah okay yeah and you know the
the neck is really bothersome no the
necklace is terrible but the rest the
obviously yeah there was one issue where
he takes his mask off and he'd you know
he did the motions what the hell that
didn't come off oh sure
oh yeah yeah the skin but otherwise okay
don't regret my decision
sure
I hate driving in this car
red hood is wearing a robot suit well
technically he is technically who red
hood isolate mutates this red hood isn't
wearing a robot suit well technically he
is oh I get it cuz he thinks I gotta
fight tanks of penguiny leg and my shit
come on the wizard o-22 forces while
angry Joe is also playing Batman Arkham
Knight yeah what a shock that people
might be streaming this brand-new game
it just came out never would have saw
that coming
yeah what does he think of it
are you watching are you like watching
both streams oh oh who's playing it as
well
angry Joe oh okay do you watch anger Joe
somebody says he's playing that right
now oh I know you know what go to go to
twitch I bet there are at least a couple
hundred people streaming this at this
very moment
why does Red Hood sound so dirty cuz it
does it does sound dirty
it sounds like something you put your
penis right is that it sounds like an
uncircumcised male well they put on my
Red Hood oh oh what is that is that a
Red Hood
ooh how exotic watch your mouth Oswald
we're on the same side of the bars now
don't be fooled that's underneath
there's a teddy bear waiting to get out
oh god oh god
okay so now and and the wizard zero two
two two four
yeah two - I'm sorry if it sounded like
I put you down I just thought that was a
funny comment because everybody's
probably streamlet I mean that's really
true you know I don't mean to put you
down first we're cool you're cool dude
yeah he's common dude usual make FISMA
shiz Nats the bad creature has a
distinctive echo location delivery if I
listen carefully I'll be able to track
its movement and let down alright great
go to the evidence room jack oh why
what's in the evidence room now is there
more stuff in the evidence room why the
fuck's the evidence room again Mario
Mario 42 says you guys are number one
streaming it right now oh well great
we're number one in streaming this guy
can't be right ha ha ha there's 500
people in this room according to my
screen watching now 515 okay well there
you go I don't I can only imagine angry
Joe has eight times that many people and
every time I walk past that guy in the
police station I wonder when the fuck
I'm gonna get a chance to interrogate
him the guy in the interrogation room no
the cop who's glowing green oh right why
is he going green I'll point it out next
time he's obviously a Riddler guy right
but obviously you know he's a cop I
guess it would just be weird if Batman
just grabbed a cop but not not like
interrogating you think he would give
you a clue I'm assuming something is
gonna happen with that later oh shit
where's the evidence room Oh what I need
to figure out is when I'm gonna get that
goddamn gun out of the evidence rooms I
need for the Riddler challenge
oh is that why we need to go to the
evidence
that's where it is I don't know how to
get the fucking thing I don't know if
it's gonna come up in a story quest
later or if I just haven't figured out
how to get it okay nice got the Firefly
stuff there's a Riddler trophy over
there great chat saying that you can
press triangle anytime you want on him I
thought I had tried that it didn't work
I you do me a favor on your way out when
she walked past the cop who's glowing
green could you hit the triangle button
oh I guess I never thought to hit
triangle I talked to him you can hit X I
thought I'd tried that it didn't work
maybe maybe I had a brain fart I didn't
I just thought I did later I don't know
okay wait what um what gun do I need in
here oh you can just smash that case for
the Riddler trophy I did yeah learn all
kinds of things here where's the gun I
think it's in the other room okay hold
on hold on we need to we need to pay
respects oh yeah
it's on that that wall you see a
straight ahead of you when your first
look in the Red Room rich yeah oh yeah
oh he just stands there until you press
a button
yeah the evidence room is kind of cool
like it has all the sorts of little
trinkets from all the stuff and then you
know when you catch more people you get
the little trinkets okay hold on there
needs these things appeared in the other
games okay so what am I looking for in
here all right well I'm on a big delay
there's a big case with like nothing in
it but one gun and Siki electro
something gun the electro something the
gun electron will grab a fire are they
Quinn professor Pig I just saw you walk
by at the stream now but I know this is
weird delay going on right fireflies god
it's in that room next to the shotgun
let's shack gauntlets are from origins
and the gun next to it was from City and
I believe something the Riddler said
mentioned that it isn't that the
electric gun he said you need you need
something I don't know how to get it
though
electric charge gun it's not on the blue
grouse in the red the red fork down the
little tiny stores yeah you know you do
you punch it you just punch it you punch
it I got it now but that's great to know
cuz I was waiting to get the gun like
through the story I didn't know what I
had to pick it up it's all well it's not
time for that yet
holy fuck all right well you know you've
announced the rulership yeah oh that's
great that's that's what I want to do
this all right let's go try to get the
shots the shot going on right next to
the gun no no oh but all the other glass
has like a like a diamond pattern on it
but this glass the glass I broke didn't
have that pattern on it the gauntlets
are great you get him you get him
charged up through combat and then you
hit you hit
ll3 and r3 in nice bad ass for 20
seconds Harley Quinn stuff no can't get
that either all right all right good
well I got the gun what is that gun dude
don't tell offense is all this time or
they didn't get the gun we didn't know I
didn't know you could yeah I I didn't
know that the game would you know just
let Batman would just walk into a police
station let him just start punching
things in the police to keep in mind
that a lot of this game you do have to
wait until the story tells you you can
use an item right power percept on
generators Anamika scimitar oh great
okay cool do do do do do I am Batman I
certainly didn't break anything in there
that knows you heard I dropped a
Batarang my bad
like you know what I get everything
time I get lost in the police station
there's the exit okay get lost in the
goddamn police station shut up pig hi
where's that officer to interrogate now
damn ass green officer also do we know
why there are police in the lockup
the one guy who murdered somebody in the
beginning of the game remember you start
off first person in the diner then you
get scarecrow sure it's him and the
other guy two guys are just like his
buddies they're keeping him company
oh my god yeah you totally can't
interrogate this guy oh my god
I must have just had a brain fuck you
know what you know it probably happened
I saw him and my same thinking with the
electric gun I'm like well Batman
probably can't just attack this guy who
was a cop the middle in the police
station without consequences
so I something's gonna happen later was
my thinking
I just never bothered the only way we
would know that is if we did that like
the only way we know that if it is
because he's glowing green it's like it
just I I overthought it yeah
no me too me too by the way but yeah you
just go to him and you're like you're
working for Riddler aren't you and he's
like yeah that's kind of lame whatever
all right I'm just thinking you know
there's no way I can get away with this
in a police station I mean they kill
black people just for looking at the
wrong oh god what am I going to do what
I attack what are their own in their
house right um so I got that gun I could
do Riddler stuff I split you know what I
guess I'm think I'm pretty close to
being done with Riddler stuff so I'm
gonna do that
how's my champion of finished Riddler
stuff I love finishing submissions like
fuck the story and out of my car
immediately am I going
hey nice glide okay now we're going
because this is how I prefer to travel
collide my way around the city I am
Batman
Shh
I don't like where this is going one me
gliding around the city and I fucking
love gliding around the city fucking
love it Batman looks moist oh did you
have weird graphical glitches in your
ps4 version the entire beginning of the
game
it was raining indoors for me yeah I did
not have that every time I went in a
building and like I double-checked then
I was recording which I felt really good
about it was raining inside we can talk
about we talk about glitches and the
steam that's great
Oh Rising Sun had that too like it was
just raining inside like I went inside
the clock tower for the first time and
it was just raining all over the clock
tower as I'm talking to Barbara Gordon
that's great yeah
I can't woman nice but they did manage
to get he said he'd only come back to do
The Killing Joke I guess they did do
part of The Killing Joke I don't I'm
sure they just offered him enough cash
sure arson cruisers yes we rich and I
are doing this for our next
it's a prereq out took the art galleries
first so that's why I'm playing tonight
just so I can continue playing and
overall I'm enjoying it spoiler alert
for my review I have many things that I
dislike about it the riddle square late
20th century puzzle cubes
I can't go that way that's fine oh I'm
having weird audio I don't think that
was the idea
well I haven't seen any of this yet so
well sorry for spoiling the puzzle for
it has to be aligned it's fine it's all
fine
hold on Rach I have to have him hacking
okay you just say that you're right you
just admit that you're a hack I'm sorry
is that what happened
yep I mean you and me both I'm hacking
the planet your episode we film I say
it's time to do some hacking
by the way did you did you punch that
one guy in the jail cell
ever you can punch a guy in the jail
cell yeah no that guy the first guy you
interrogate you break his wrist yeah on
your way out of the police station the
first time he says go crews gonna get
you in bed tonight's the day we finish
the bat yeah walk up if you walk up to
his jail cell and hit the punch button
Batman reaches in and bangs his head
against the box then the next time if
you're in the police station then I sent
me on the police station if you go to do
it again Batman fakes a punch and he
just falls down like it yeah I I highly
recommend punching the bars can you find
a way in this be a tricky one come on
no that's not I do it
someone is saying that enigmas password
is master plan no no no special
characters that's totally in character
Riddler's password would be something
that you could potentially figure out
that's the nature of his insanity that's
his whole shtick
yes
well we know we're gonna need that
electric gun or something oh yeah
you know what I already forgot I had
that in my inventory you know you
haven't played city so you might not
know this you see those those things
near the floor with that that kind of
yellow sign with the electric bolt on it
yeah that looks like things from Arkham
City that you could shoot with that gun
oh you sure can okay okay what a point
that I cuz I know you didn't play city
yeah I would never have guessed that
this is interesting
well that's doing something the only
thing that I have to go off of is this
you know this laser that's down there
I'm assuming that hole needs to be in
the spot where the laser is maybe and
these puzzles all involves switching
with Catwoman right Catwoman probably
has to stand on one of those things
while Batman shoots things no cuz we
can't get in you can't get it no if you
go if you go too close the bars come up
and there's no like Oh pounce to ceiling
Oh Kevin can pounce to ceiling it's
probably her way in oh yeah there you go
okay all right Catwoman's in
all right are they going to make a cat
in a Hot Tin Roof joke that I don't
think anyone would get it
it's a sliding puzzle
so does that mean if I go like this yes
okay okay some of the cutest I'm able to
do when I fire the charge
so yeah the laser probably needs to go
into the nante space okay not yet
cattlemen settle the flirt down you
settle down cattlemen settle yo ass
yes Horatio's fall Tiana you are the
only one who hates cattlemen yes you're
the only one so Catwoman steps here and
I'm Batman - shoot - this one good
or nah I can figure this out
maybe so basically I need to I need to
get an empty spot in this one so I can
move them this way so in order to do
that over there okay I can do this I can
do this I know it's up okay no no I
don't I don't know what's up
I might have failed can I believe him
will reset I don't know I might have
failed already so what he wants to know
our thoughts on e3 Jack if only we made
a video do you feel like Athens if only
we made a video detailing our thoughts
on this year's Electronic Entertainment
Expo there was nothing that I thought
was super interesting yeah it wasn't
quite as dull as last year's yeah I'm
out of here Cameron I'm not a big
fallout guy so that didn't blow me away
fallout 4 I've said a lot of people are
happy about that it's fine
doom for people were harping on me for
not loving the doom 4 no I don't think I
ever said I hated it or that I thought
it was going to be terrible I said the
the monster designs look bland as hell
and they do look bland as hell and it's
hard for me to think of it as a doom
game when none of the same people who
made the original doom games are working
on it I mean it might be a fun
first-person shooter but you know judge
has its own thing yeah it didn't it
seemed to lack a lot of the aspects that
made doom doom the hand animations were
really neat they were well this and this
is something that I cut out but the hand
animations almost made that seem fake
like a fake gameplay pre-rendered it
looked pre-rendered I'm looking to see
if there's a way to reset the if you're
gonna if you're gonna make a follow-up
to an in software game you have to be a
bit of a graphical whore about it
because that's what they did
I left the room and came back and it's
oh wait is that's how you read no that's
a baby carriage I left the room and came
back and I was hoping that would reset
the blocks oh but they don't there's no
way I can do this how did they slide
they only sleep they only slide it
towards are they only slide towards the
little generators that you shoot with
the thingy yeah they don't slide away
from it okay
and or maybe they know one cuz I have to
shoot one twice does it one way and then
the other ah there is that's that's my
problem you know it's our one to make
them slide away all right I'm with ya
okay so I think we can do this now so
now if I switch to cattlemen and make
her stand on this block and then Batman
shoots this okay great I don't I don't
like the designs on pretty much anything
I saw in that Dhoom 4 preview and the
weapons all looked extremely weird yeah
I mean say what you will about Dhoom 3 I
loved the like the revenant just compare
the revenant and do freedom for what's
the revenue the the skeleton monster
with a rocket launcher on his shoulders
okay I love the doom 3 revenant
alright one I think looks stupid the
guns I think they look kind of stupid
was and animations
I think the environments all looked
really bland
yeah the enemy design is really bland
with it oh you know the walls and
whatnot too cuz they they they showcase
that that modular design thing which
might be neat for quickly and easily
making your own level
but for designing a game that looks
interesting I don't know if that's quite
as handy like in Doom 3 I could tell the
difference between a a soldier and an
imp
everything looked like a brown blob yes
yes it did
yes it did okay Calvin
I mean I'm still curious enough I'll
check it out when it's released you know
sure but it's I'm mostly gonna be
checking it out because it's got the
doom name on it yeah it could be fun I
might be cheating by jumping up on the
ceiling here by the way but I don't know
how like I think you're supposed to stay
on the floor and just like da tops the
buzzsaws whatever dirty trick works Jack
I mean I'm just saying it seems like
it's almost too easy to mean just
standing up here while the buzz saws go
back and forth whatever dirty trick
works
was there any way other way around this
assault yeah I think I'm supposed to
like dodge them button button fucking
this is what's working for me relentless
42 I'm not necessarily talking about
about colors I'm just talking about art
design I think my design of the guns and
the monsters and the walls and the floor
layouts look better in doom 3 than they
do in doom 4 that's not that's not
saying anything about gameplay or color
palette monster design yeah very
different though they were kind of
browning well you know I guess to be
fair color pellet has something to do
with monster design yeah to be fair okay
no come on down Carolyn oh oh you're not
supposed to be able to climb on that
nope nope can't woman cheated the system
it's fine I mean I think like the
revenant stands out most to me she does
I think the doom for revenant looks like
weird and bug-eyed and and the doom 3
revenant just look fucking awesome the
best looking monster in that game mm-hmm
hey man Batman get out of here
what else was at e3 last Guardian okay
I'm sure it's gonna be great I imagine I
imagine I'll get old quick bossing them
that animal around but I know people
love those games hmm I'm sure there's
gonna be plenty of wonderful art going
on
yep some beautiful art also no man's sky
which I'm still interested in but I am
very worried about variety now as he
should be as you should be
but new horizons sleep
yeah the horizon were a robot dinosaurs
yeah robot dinosaurs animals yeah we're
about animals Sam that looks like it's
gonna be really fun so what am I
not made you're supposed to and what can
I leave now
these things to be done I know people
were bitching that we didn't watch the
ace press conference jeez I'm not
interested with anything those
motherfuckers are doing right though
somebody had a point that we probably
could have mocked them and you know
maybe we did miss out on that in
hindsight sure that's true we could have
we could have made fun of them yeah I'm
curious I didn't watch it so I don't
know I don't know what kind of anti
gamer policies they're enacting this
year that they're trying to spin as
positive things but I'm sure they were
obnoxious about it
what are we waiting for okay looks like
we have a couple more Riddler I'm still
waiting for them to enact their
revolutionary post purchase charge
well yeah access now now with EA all of
the games you bought in the past you
have to boy them again and it's such a
tragedy you go save the day and I'll
make sure Bruce Wayne locked its doors
I'm out of here peace bitches can't just
be Catwoman now no battle battle front
looks good Justice Beast oh my god rich
it looks like Star Wars I hate to watch
the screen see what happens here I don't
want to spoil oh you're not looking okay
all right there's no oh no not it's not
a puzzle I don't care okay well then
don't then don't watch don't watch
which huh is it a glitch no it's not a
good don't watch if you don't want to
see play through the game it's something
you will see and it's something I'm
going I'm sorry jack it's something that
I like storyline too much though to
spoil it it's something that I'm gonna
have to mock I tell you what you mock
I'm gonna go for five minutes
stand up straight okay really really we
got you know we got here I got it we got
a fucking mech suit like
fucking lame is that how Oh God rich you
got to mute your mic yeah we'll turn
that down
let's turn rich down for a little bit
she's the same this is nygma has a
problem in this in this game he's he's
supposed to be doing puzzles and he does
racecar tracks and now Maxie okay rich
is still like Howie
this is beneath me you are beneath me
you want to finish this detective then
you must earn the privilege solve every
last riddle that suit that mech suit was
made out of transform iam oh thank you
doctor vector rich I turned your mic
down for a while huh been laying down
for awhile everything got all tighter
something wrong here I need when we're
done with this I need to take a walk
around the block just to just to loosen
my muscles yeah yeah all right well
we're done with that section we're out
of here I'm being Catlin for the rest of
the game so wait wait wait yeah you done
with the Riddler shit yep okay I can
look at the screen you can you can look
at the screen try not maybe don't look
at the chat for a little bit I caught a
glimpse saw a glowing energy ball yeah
the shoe ting boots
uh-huh I'm assuming that was a real
fight I know kind of kind of Catwoman
free no no
Catwoman is free now is that storyline
done can you finish the Riddler
storyline then without no you have to so
in order to complete the Riddler
storyline you need to solve all the
riddles in the city okay but you can't
free cat yes Catwoman is now free yes so
I get a little bit because I'm not gonna
go and do all the puzzles I want to see
all of the storyline stuff but I hate
collecting all of the Riddler shit cuz
my least favorite things in the games is
the tedious fish quest yeah collect all
of the 800 things
yep well at least like I counted out so
I feel good about that
but that's you know now it's not a
hundred percent Riddler is not a hundred
percent because you need to solve all
the riddles yeah what do we got here we
got man bad floating around and we got
like I want to find man bad and I wanna
I have yet to find another did you get
to Israel yet just the first time
yeah me too and I haven't been able to
find another Ezreal which really bothers
me I haven't really and I've been
looking that's why it's been bothering
me I've really been looking let's go
okay I'm wandering I'm ever going to be
able to pull off or no death run of this
with some of those Riddler races oh
those are nasty no in the Batmobile
handles like ass so my guess is no
handles final contact that last race is
not good oh I think it handles like
button if it feels slippery you got you
gather that you got to that spin turn
that hold hold square turn yeah helps
helps o+ did you go through the while
your player speed along you could hit X
like slide over without turning yeah oh
yeah like the Dodge maneuver yeah and
that's that's actually kind of nice now
you know you not not just for dodging
okay oh wait there's a drone I can take
out and I'm gonna do it if you take out
the drones the police helicopters come
back and then now they give you like
hints that helps you find all the stuff
oh oh wait please helicopters help you
find the side course not yeah yeah
they'll they'll like if you little
warnings like Oh 1032 there's a roof
somewhere I'll show you you can you
could like hook on to a police
helicopter and they'll give you a hint
no no they'll say it like over the radio
they'll say it over the radio and then I
get a point you in the direction of

[Part IV]
they'll say it over the radio and then I
get a point you in the direction of
where they are which is great because
that's exactly how Batman would figure
out where things are in the city I'll go
get my fucking car and they want me to
go get my car get it I got lost
I got stuck gliding around the city whoo
there's a riot happening over here guess
who's gonna come and break it up
it's Batman oh yeah you don't wanna know
this Batman shit oh you're so crazy the
thugs who's like you don't stand a
chance against us Batman I mean I've
seen you murder like 20 people tonight
but now not us you got it technically
the anybody and Lord knows how many
peoples and studs oh sure but yes they
shouldn't be that confident where's my
car where's my car
there it is it's just knocked down a
tree out of my way tree
at the chat if the 100% ending is that
bad just don't get the 100% ending
didn't get the 95% ending or the 80%
ending I don't know what the percentages
have to be for the endings I haven't
gotten to any of them
note that tree that tree can not be
knocked down if they actually kill
Batman I would be pissed cuz that's a
pet peeve of mine what killing Batman
killing off the Tongass yeah yeah yeah I
get it you're manufacturing drama the
cheapest way possible yeah
what's that about
a fuck is now saying like I you know how
you pick up like funky chatter yeah a
thug a couple times that has said call
me crazy but I think I saw Bruce Wayne
tonight what's that about
I mean III always feel like the heroic
the heroic martyr death is is a cop-out
always it's always a cop-out it's always
far more interesting to have a character
move on maybe maybe changed and moved
from the growth is prefer preferable to
I don't know how to get out it sounds
terrible out there what are we gonna do
don't worry this'll be over soon Bruce
Wayne you're you're in the tower now
that's so funny Batman just drove his
Batmobile into the parking garage how
weird
mm no lucious might use what a retinal
scanner all right all right here we go
here we go we're doing it
access denied
mr. Whitman I just something's happenin
register it's all getting dreamy and
echoey in here anything I can help you
with and Lucius Fox is acting funny
coming back here tonight
is there something I missed having
trouble logging on what what
oh he's watching the security tapes I
get it who's hush he's from well the big
storyline called Batman harsh is a newer
villainy oh ok he's a newer villain he
hates Bruce Wayne she got plastic
surgery to look like Bruce Wayne oh ok
Alfred you know in Arkham City wasn't
plastic surgeon he cut off people's
faces in a way we still are he
reconstructed his face using grafts from
his victims he looks identical to Bruce
Wayne he says it's personal I'm about to
find out no I so he but he's not like
the chameleon who can look like anyone
he just looks like Bruce Wayne yes you
know what if you're gonna choose a
person who looked just like it would be
Bruce Wayne yeah I've already done this
mission ok good I have a job for you
Batman
bring me Bruce Wayne or I bring down
this tower why Wayne the two of you were
friends
that brats family destroyed me and now I
will destroy him the Wayne stood by you
yes this is near gunshot fade to black
levels of hack fraud er II was once my
idol until he ruined everything he did
all he could to save your parents after
the crash I'm sorry you lost your father
but he saved your mother's life denied
me what was rightfully mine
the car crash wasn't an accident
I only want what Isis I like I pictured
him wearing like a grey magicians robe
while saying that
Oh take your best shot he's getting edgy
when it was probably a better way of
handling the situation
mistake I just killed him I just killed
him off I kept Lucius that's my I saw
the button prompt and I hit the button
prompt right away
but I was supposed to wait until he
moved the gun yeah well that button
prompter me off I could have used I'm
sure you'll get another chance at it
right away
I can only imagine I'll get another
chance at it but you know like before
also before the button prompts I got a
voice prompt from Batman being like okay
you have to press a button now it's
coming up and then the button problem
came up so I pressed it right away
I'm working three minutes that's he's
getting edgy when he turns the gun on me
I'll have a split second to this Armand
you know what you did jacket might kill
you killed god
yeah I didn't got off
the terrible Bruce Wayne face not my
face you look better in City yeah yeah
he's a big part of city everyone's face
look better in city you have my
apologies mr. Ford I'll be reviewing our
security
it's all right Lucius are you hurt
I'll be fine mr. Wayne I don't think
telling this guy who hates Bruce Wayne
that you're really Batman is such a
great idea I can't take him to GCPD I
have to imagine there was a better way
of handling the situation leave it to me
yes Alfred
I've detained Elliot at Wayne tower oh I
mean where it's just like like okay oh
yeah okay I'll go get Bruce Wayne and
then use your Batman sneakiness to sneak
up on the best way is to reveal the
somebody who hates Bruce Wayne that he's
in fact Bruce Wayne that does not oh oh
I know what that helmets come off twice
now yeah I'm calling it last 10% of the
game Batman's gonna be running around
about a helmet oh well maybe calling it
hey hey hush there's Bruce Wayne
right behind you look behind you quick
it's Bruce Wayne let's plan B right I'm
just saying like I thought of two plans
that were better than Batman's playing
oh all right all right
okay that was that that was that whole
mission by the way yeah the whole harsh
subplot because they started this in the
first game yeah that's gonna be a series
of like facial mutilation murders mm-hmm
and
this is the payoff I mean it really it
really could have used something more
that was the payoff to like multi-game
story payoff to like a more convoluted
subquest in the last game sure that this
is but like that was it there was only
one section to that submission at least
three something something pressed for
time yeah you know what it adds a little
tick this guy locked up his basement
indefinitely so he dies yeah until he
dies I'm still missing one give some
internal monologue as the game goes on
sure just like I'm gonna be honest with
you it's kind of wet in this suit it
does not breathe well this entire game
has been Wayne raining so I can only
assume that it is quite wet inside the
iron and rubber bad soon I think at the
end of the game like you should have
trouble moving goes the suit gets rusty
right okay now I really want to find
another burning bad symbol if you if you
go back to the office you can check
Bruce's voice mail are there new
messages oh I already checked it a Vicki
Vale called
you know I'll do that I'll go back I'm
saying I'll do that Vicki Vale I loved
her
i boned her it was great
Vicki Vale was one hot tamale hey
they're just I'm back sorry I ran out
loose
Lucius weird you all right fine I'm
still waiting for him to sneak up on
somebody that sir just keeps clanking
but it's a game so they don't notice
anyway just climb like plank plank plank
and I said I hate that I know
oh is this just you know what I only
listened to Vicki Vale I didn't listen
to all of them oh yeah is Cassie keep
going Oh Lex Luthor called that's really
funny yeah Wayne tech makes who's Kate
Maggie Maggie not sure that's someone is
that um who's the lesbian now in the
comics canary the Kane something
Samantha Sandra Kane no no okay another
one oh and Joker
did you get to the Joker messages a lot
of is the next oil that's my queen voice
he's but he did my queen voice Oh
somebody in the chat saying that Kate
and Maggie
yeah Katie Holmes and Maggie Gyllenhaal
ah that's really funny it's just Nikki
again okay yeah the two Joker messages
were definitely worth that's that was
really cool yeah I've always thought
that Lex Luthor was the best Batman
villain that never happened yeah
Batman is a noble and good rich
billionaire super genius and Lex Luthor
is an evil corrupt rich billionaire
super genius right I know many maybe
somebody out there will correct him good
I mean hey I think I think I agree I
agree hold on there's a couple more
watchtowers Watchtower missions
second she's the game to reach this
other ammunition depot I don't think I
can that's fine um all right let's just
let's just go and be dumb that's what
we're gonna do we're going in
we're being dumb it's great shit people
on the chat are talking about gay
marriage and characters and county folks
getting married yeah it would never
stick not not not because of it being a
homosexual marriage just because comic
books can't stand characters getting
married later one of them has to die or
time has to be reversed or somebody's
gonna make a deal with the devil yep
it's not books eat married people it has
nothing to do with the gay marriage it's
just marriage kind of cook station
afraid of like age I think marry yeah
that's exactly what it is by the way
what are the characters could have died
and then six months later there's gonna
be a different love interest yeah I did
say how could you how could you get
interested in any kind of Peter Parker
romantic relationship in the comics cuz
you know at this point now we know it's
desk
do that editorial mandate any
relationship Peter Parker's gets into a
sewer later it's gonna have to end due
to editorial mandate
Joe Quezada hated the marriage oh yeah
paper I can't be married any
relationship Peter Parker attempts now
it's just a question of well one what is
that gonna end
yeah a joke is that I can't stay in
power forever bacon out Towers feels so
good taking out hours like you know I
should know Tiberius Kirk is trying to
pull some meat he's trying to pull
something you onions and apples he says
rich all things end the death of fruit
flies a few days later to the heat death
of the universe
change and death are the only constants
it's true it's true
Oh Tiberius Kirk you you spouting some
truth there you want it you might want
to be careful okay
hoisted by my own petard by your own
Picard it's not it's not an attitude
that I like III like relationships and
comics I like married Peter Parker I
like Peter Parker throwing this
character now he's just doomed to
progression right he's always gonna be a
slob who's worried about his hat it has
a shitty job as a photographer
that's never going to change yep I'm all
for characters getting married into
comics I'm just saying none of them are
ever going to stick sued ill be Kyle
Raiders girlfriends I can't conquer that
until I upgrade the disrupter Superman
and Lois Lane were broken up
yeah Jesus Christ I heard that Batman
and Selina Kyle were officially a couple
and the comic books and I thought oh
that's nice
shame it won't last the drone censors
are temporarily disabled but I can only
have one at a time
oh god if chat if Peter Parker is a web
designer now it's only because nobody
could believe anybody would work for a
newspaper in this day and age that's
true no one would work for a newspaper
yeah
I can't take that out yet so I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna worry about it not
gonna worry about it
tagging bagging all right I gotta get
out of here I gotta get out of here
Ridge yeah what was I doing
there's one side quest that is not that
has not yet revealed itself to me and I
hear people mentioning a preacher I hear
thugs mentioning preachers and I'm
really I'm just looking for Azrael I
have not found another burning bat
symbol since the first one which really
bothers me because I've been looking for
it don't know don't know flying around
looking for burning bad symbols oh
there's another watchtower I could take
out I like those those are fun those are
easy bad man flying around like a bad
man it's like any any any developers
life who cares because you know you're
just gonna end up right back at living
alone single working for the newspaper
or worried about a second it all it's
always gonna come back to that
apparently bill the hecka says the
burning bat symbol is hidden Jack it
took me a while to find it it's hidden
and and dead says what if the preacher
was Jesse Custer that would be fucking
awesome that is that is that preacher
that's preacher huh I can't imagine that
that's what's gonna happen because
there's probably some sort of copyrights
he would he would kick the Arkham
Knights ass tell him off and then Stover
security
that's what Jesse Custer then he'd bang
his hot girlfriend after she was done
shooting everybody else
bone saw McGraw 69 says rich what was
worse 9/11 or the amazing spider-man 2
no the amazing spider-man 2 Oh
9/11 was highly entertaining I was glued
to my TV set all day that day that might
be terrible rich that might be terrible
said it's a great joke though yeah it's
time for humor all right I'm with you
people just catching up to that joke
that's a good joke no I was glued to my
TV for that you couldn't pay me to watch
amazing spider-man 2 again in time it's
okay to joke about anything not even in
time it's okay to joke about anything at
any time
Oh what was that now I'm gonna get I'm
gonna get rich you're gonna get dead
serious for a second thing we're gonna
get into interesting well maybe maybe
not interesting rich Evans philosophical
territory oh no should I be scared yeah
would you stop 911 mmm more accurately
should you stop playing wrong well
that's that you're just talking about
time travel conundrums
Yeah right or do or do the acts
themselves deter future acts right like
if you go back in time if you stop lying
happen lots of lots of widows young
widows right most of them probably went
on to remarry right sure they had kids
with new husbands new wives right mm-hmm
don't dump those kids who were born
there's a deserve to live too if you
stopped 9/11 you you would stop every
child born from from a widow of that
drug tragedy from being born oh my god
now that's deep rich yeah that's deep so
if you were if you know something
happened and you found yourself back in
time yeah should you stop 9/11 for that
reason right this is this is well beyond
my territory no I thought like this was
this was all um I thought you were going
like a self-fulfilling prophecy
situation where it's like you know you
you stop 9/11 but then then we're not
prepared for when there
there's another threat sort of thing
when when or if there is another one
mark and then that one just prepares you
for whatever would come after
oh crap Usami okay doo-doo-doo-doo
you saw me but I am bad man Knights
you can't see me
sneaky sneaky I haven't been using my
gun I always forget like I have I always
forget that I have his gear Ellen grant
one Ian Malcolm men um when I was a kid
probably Ellen grant because he ran
around in the Dinosaur Park yeah yeah
sidelined the whole movie but as an
adult I could see how how interesting of
a character that Ian Melvin is sure I
mean still here he's the weirdo
that's fine he's still more interesting
than Alan Grant sure
facing what I go back in time to stop
myself from saying what I said about
9/11 no I can't take the mini gunner
down silently speculating on the rights
of child who would have lived but
wouldn't live because of an action I
would take to live you're saying that
very there are kids who never would have
been born if it weren't for 9/11 that's
a depressing thing to say maybe but it's
true and Who am I to take that away from
them right you're rich Evans you get to
make the call you are now in charge of
that call rich this is this is your
responsibility
rich would you have let two Vic's lives
I to fix had a great argument what what
happened happened
and and Tuvok and Neelix were gone to
fix was there yeah and you know what I
do think he had a right to be there to
fix absolutely
and what Janeway did was kind of Awesome
no she murdered it was yes she wanted
her friend back yeah I know she murdered
two legs to save her friends yes that
was her collar
I'm gonna check on the guy Batman sir
down
you may think Tuvix is a jerk but why
doesn't he have the right
no he that was probably the most awful
thing Janeway ever did kill tuvok's yeah
yeah now you let that other guy alone
hey psycho ducks
I'll get you for I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you
oh not my best friend intersection but I
felt pretty good about that
dude dude dude shit landmine
it really 20 it would have been
interesting to keep two Vic's around for
at least a few episodes you know play
with it a little bit and like maybe then
he does something to piss her off and
like drag that philosophical argument
down for a little bit Voyager was always
afraid to take risk and risks and that
was voyages frog baby yeah I'm with you
they took an interesting premise and
said let's play it safe now
mmm oh yeah oh I have plenty of upgrade
points okay great I need to upgrade my
my disrupter no not my disruptor needs
upgrade
what I need to do why do I need to do
rich yes what do I need to do I have no
idea jack why do i need to do i what do
you want to do i don't know oh there
there's one road thing that i need to
take out and it said i need it like i
needed to upgrade one of my guns but i
don't remember
you need this for a mission well i don't
need it but it would just make the
mission a lot easier out as I think the
thing what what bet we'll bill upgrades
did you could take ah let's see here I
know so so far only 200 you know what
just more armor and more armor so what
doesn't so far no I mean did you ever
have like Lucius asked you which one you
wanted him to develop oh sure yeah I
took like hacking and EMP is hacking
yeah that's just great
packings fun it's you know having that
having bear things hacking is super
useful yeah yeah I agree
it's been gadget but I would upgrade the
things that make your your special
meters charge see you can use hack more
often and missiles more often this is
what I want
yeah oh and well you can do that in this
upgrade you can make your missiles
refresh more often is this the longest
dream ever oh my god it's 12:30 this is
a long stream well I bet I would have
been playing this game anyway we've done
longer we've done longer I'm Texan how
long was my dead rising stream right now
it doesn't like 8 hours 10 I think I
think the game was the gateway did it
being longer than I thought it was when
you played the full game right I don't
care about batmobile assistant takedowns
rich did you see Jurassic world no and I
still don't care no I almost saw it when
I went to Chicago for the Blackhawks
parade the same parade that ruined my
back hmm
but Karin was marched and seeing inside
out and quite frankly so was I so we saw
that and that was those mid-level picks
our mid-level picks it wasn't it wasn't
as good as the Incredibles up wilee
Monsters Inc tried when I put it above
Finding Nemo oh that's a good question
maybe about I don't I don't love Finding
Nemo as much as other people but I
firstly would put it on the same level
as Finding Nemo Wow I mean I'm not the
biggest Finding Nemo fan in the world
though sure I think it's alright no
there's a mine I know something we can
do
here's something we can do dope stuff
pardon me dude just ran your stupid mind
Franken West's rich I'm currently trying
to make a prereq up just rolled up
Pyrrhic animated of you spinning the
boss and dead rising to death huh that
would be amazing
that would be amazing
oh man right the spitting to death far
enough I when I was cutting up that
video I was watching that that was
hilarious
and by the way when I say inside out is
the mid-tier yeah that's not an insult
because they've done so many great
things
oh yeah even mid-tier Pixar's still
better than any other movie I mean I put
in the middle of all their films but
some of their films are really fucking
good right The Incredibles is still my
favorite superhero movie ever made it's
also my favorite James Bond movie yes
that that movie definitely has a bond
feel the villain and the lair and
sneaking around oh yeah that whole that
whole section where mr. incredible is
sneaking into the base yes very much
yes so the best superhero movie and the
best James Bond movie I have ever seen
as The Incredibles wall-e especially the
first part of wall-e fucking amazing up
I was a crime client during the actual
tears no not a shame to save new you
shouldn't be ashamed add up his bed I
think everyone was crying
to laze and so that's what you just saw
there is every single tank combat fine I
just find it terribly on Santa's on
Halloween to trigger controlled explode
terribly boring just dodge the line that
you see in front of you and fire you
know
I can't you can at every bomb I didn't
get a grapple boost like that what what
do we think of the Watchmen movie you
know given the choice why wouldn't you
rather just read the boy always really
about guys that's that's my opinion on
the Watchmen movie yeah just just read
the book yeah possibly quite possibly
the most unnecessary movie ever made
yeah yeah the book is so good and I
can't I can't do unbiased about Watchmen
because the book is so fucking good
and it completely misses the point
whenever any of the heroes are being
badass like completely misses point yes
that the heroes aren't badass yes yes I
got it I really want to find the next
Ezreal thing I think that's what I was
doing before I forget but I mean
whatever whatever changes they made that
that is the biggest nono to me is
getting the tone no motion kicking
people across the room the schlubs the
whole point is their slums and they're
ineffective yes they're treating these
symptoms of the world's problems but not
actually the real problems in the world
and Ozymandias realizes this and he's
not really a villain I mean it's great
read the book read Watchmen I see as
he-man Diaz as a character who's doing
these are the most horrible things in
the world for all of the right reasons
and everyone understands at the end yes
it's just great yeah see they're talking
about a crazy preacher guy over here
what's going on over here with the crazy
Sid cult is just hitting it with the
comments I want to read on today since I
reread it to this day and he's still
finding hidden smiley faces yes every
every time I read The Watchmen I find
some kind of hidden imagery symbolism
that I'd never noticed before
fighting people oh my god how did you go
to over there Batman Batman threw
himself to the ground wait did I do that
someone threw smoke and I guess it was
me
okay great
why haven't you chosen the as is the
Amish because I can't fucking find it
bill
where is it you still can't find Ezreal
is that what you're trying to do yeah
because you can't because again the
brilliant thing about this game you've
been is it oh here's all the missions
and here's Ezreal but you can't just
choose the mission and it'll tell you
where to go you have to find it I think
that's a little less brilliant than you
do what do you mean sometimes I want to
see how these things play out I don't
want to spend eight hours wandering
around the open world
hoping I find it but that's the whole
point that's being Batman yeah Batman
would have food to lead him there he
might not have a giant glowing arrow
over where he needs to go but there
would at least be some kind of clue or
hint and he could figure out where he
needs to go he wouldn't wander around
hoping stumble upon this is what patrol
is rich I don't want this for patrol is
like being a night watchman and that's
like the dullest job in the world
uh-huh I dig it this is this is what
superheroing is all about this is why I
play a video game as opposed to trying
to be a real superhero because that's
the biggest superhero is all about yep
patrol the skies
ooh here's a drone I can take out
dr. fector says rich that's exactly what
the helicopter clues are yeah well well
dr. Vicktor in my defense I've been
having mostly focused on the main story
so far I haven't cared that much so
maybe I will I will get more into the
helicopters in my next playthrough yeah
you gotta take I'm at the controls gotta
take out the drones that's so important
but I've been plowing for the story
because I really want to find out
whether or not Barbara Gordon was
actually dead I still don't think she is
I'm going to search for Azrael burning
that symbol and continuously I don't I
don't want this game to be that
depressing hope you're gonna get some
hope up in here is that a burning bad
symbol no and there's so much orange in
the world like so much it in neon is
orange Oh a upgraded my eye my grapple
now I really fucking fly fuck yeah I
could just fly around the city all day
and I have this is why I'm not as far in
the story as you just because I fuck
around I've been doing all the side
missions yeah
the master 20,000 I I do not like human
misery as much as Jay does I don't like
human misery at all really not that
serious yeah Jay really enjoys human
misery I don't I don't like stories with
dark endings on with with blatantly evil
unhappy endings you go
you can go bittersweet but a lot of
people don't realize the bittersweet has
to have something sweet mixed in with
the bitter ah
you're speaking truth rich yeah
for you stupid drones mixed bag says
talking about the watch the movie ending
makes sense but it lacks the horrific
imagery of the book what's the one she's
been r-rated cuz I have to imagine they
wanted to avoid an r-rating but anybody
can anybody tell me what the rating was
on the watch the movie I'm imagining
they went for pg-13 so they lost all of
the horror that you got with the weird
alien squid - ending in the book which
which was kind of the point that it was
absolutely horrific and it was this
horrific thing Ozymandias thing
Ozymandias did so he could basically
save everybody else yeah it was okay so
was it something they did to avoid the
rating that's interesting no I think the
guy had to get rid of like the octopus
thing just for time you know yeah but
you don't have streets filled with
corpses and blood or
oh that's right
yeah the blue penis of course that movie
had to be art of course
never mind oh the blue penis of course
rich remembers the blue penis the well
listen you're talking it we're talking
four penises
okay any penis that isn't like pink tan
or brown it's just weird I'm sorry
blue is unacceptable yeah yeah oh crap
maybe maybe if you like
I got myself in a cretinous image I was
super sloppy and somehow I have made it
out alive and I just could not believe
that
very fences dumb down the ending from
general audiences keep the blue penis
was it dumb down I know they changed it
I don't necessarily know that it was
dumbed down but I don't I don't exactly
remember the specifics of the movie it
was simplified not dumbed down like I
know they got rid of the squid probably
because they thought the squid was silly
well but also you know if you have the
squid you also have like the all the
people on the boat who were making this
squid you know like you yeah there's a
lot that was easily cut out if you just
take out the squid so that means that's
me that made sense to me simplified I
mean I know you know technically because
it was more cities than just New York
they killed a lot more people mm-hmm
which in a way kind of defeats the whole
purpose of averting nuclear war and
killing a whole bunch yeah it's quite
silly I don't I don't know what I'd say
it's dumbed down but there might be just
stuff I'm not remembering that could be
you know what that could be
tanks fucking tanks everywhere stupid
ass tanks alright keep going
Batman and then rich I'm Batman
where's the fucking is that no that's
not it
where is that fucking bad symbol I'm
coming for you John things are coming
full circle here mr. Shia smile so this
rich the reason that was changed from
alien because the writer changed it
because he didn't want to see all of the
destruction to New York again after 9/11
yeah okay think it tapped out that well
people freaked out I don't know why
people were freaking out I'm gonna spare
the spider-man to comment was worse than
the follow-up I know you know someone
asks you a silly question hoping for a
joke and I think you nailed it so yeah
yep you know that's all there's nothing
else
so back the 911 yeah oh sorry I'm paying
attention to the game I need um I need
something else to do I'm gonna do I'm
gonna try to do one more thing and then
I should probably wrap it up as uh I'm
certain that's my next real mission
investigate this seismic activity I
probably I probably need to take a walk
and stretch the muscles anyway yeah okay
we go investigate the seismic activity
and then I'm gonna get a savepoints
fifteen more minutes
I'm just the next save the next time it
saves I'm gonna stop playing that's my
plan
fucking love glidin freckle patch versus
Ridge yeah why why won't you play
witcher 3 it's totally different from
witcher 1 for one I never said I would
play witcher 3
i said i wasn't very interested in the
series after one also i'm reluctant to
go into a sequel without playing the
earlier games that is my reasoning for
not having played the witcher 3
mm-hmm those seems like fare reasons but
it also sounds like you hate the witcher
3 rich and why do you why is it that you
hate the witcher 3 exactly
exactly that's the real question
I need my tank for this of course I do
of course I need my tank for this
sarrish star says rich can you pretend
to make a joke referencing this post but
actually completely make it up because
this post has nothing to reference
literally I don't think I can do that
literally I think I think I can't
you just gave away your location now we
have to protect ivy I hope you're ready
he's a little big tank bad audit us I
got a big tank battle rich yep big old
tank battle not really
I you know before you streamed I just
played a really big tank battle yeah
yeah really big tank battle oh that
wasn't this
there's another tank battle I'm sure
there's gonna be more tank battles after
tonight my tank battle was so epic I
thought it might have been the end of
the game
oh really but the tank battle I had was
so epic I thought chase tonight did I
lose track of where I was
percentage-wise in this game maybe maybe
this is the end I really hate the tank
stuff oh you're gonna be frustrating
though it is kind of stealthy tank stuff
stealthy thing stuff yes oh yeah I've
had to take out a couple stealthy thanks
I'm a hack to you basically it's the
mother of all tank oh yeah I'm so
excited except for what I'm absolutely
sure the ending is gonna be thank you
because Rocksteady is Terp full at boss
fights and the boss fights just gonna be
another tank battle mark my words the
boss for the final boss this game is
gonna be a blamed tank battle tank
yes I'm I am almost absolutely 100% sir
but the people who slapped Arkham
origins together did a better job with
boss battles than Rocksteady did they're
not good with boss battles no they did
they did do the mr. Frese boss parole in
Arkham City and that was the best thing
ever but that was like okay that was
like the exception okay I had to say
point I'm done
yeah I'm now I have to fight the mega
tanks to protect I have his plan all
right I'm done but after the first one
is saved so boy I'm done for now I can't
I can't take a mega tank battle right
now okay because it will bore me to
tears okay so let's see what we have
here where did we stop I think I stopped
it
well you know what I'll just go through
all of you I I haven't stopped once
tonight to thank subscribers so we have
Harry fed Meissner one telegin of young
yeah Wilkins the clown space Comeau
Saavedra gobbledy gook s' frosty snooze
future future J Malcolm X is awesome a
Michelle 87 KGB ate my bread last 1984
clip owned pizza train 11:00 Tempus
Fugit 78 the dude 1944 riser green riser
G riser G is your name resergy likes
energy who could be resergy could be
resergy krinkle Krunch
that's a fun name to say
Oh a sea of noise and queen oh thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
it's true
we really do right yeah riser G naught R
is early riser G riser dreama thank you
all of you for subscribing we really
appreciate it thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thanks everyone else who
just came out to watch some Batman
Arkham Knight and see that Jack is no
longer a scrub I am super late now and
Arkham Knight you know sometimes
sometimes that's what you gotta do you
gotta throw the baby in the swimming
pool just see if they swim that's it by
the way don't throw baby in the swimming
pool that's not recommended I'm not a
lifeguard I'm not a doctor just don't
throw baby the swimming pool spent the
first nine months their life in a war no
it's not the water fine I don't think
that's the same as this one a poll
numbers say it now you can throw a baby
at a pool he'll be fine
