Jun 14, 2015
Doom, Demon's Souls
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7279275
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7337388
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7338631
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7342296
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7344636
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5FKMv-r2DA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8HZtRlNg6Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtIll_PHe3M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lYsEX3U5eo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/610132372311408640

[Part I]
fucking I don't give a shit I don't give
no fucks anything can happen anything
how's everyone doing we are going play
demon souls whenever whenever Jack shows
up but for now I just I have to play
brutal doom that's got to happen it's
got to happen
let me give me give me a pulse ready in
my fancy jazz controller god dammit god
no blitz
oh ye where's my key to hit enter to
start start game started started the
game ultraviolence god dammit they had
about 18 difficulty levels which is
interesting
I fled this a little bit last night
random monsters they do random monsters
that sounds cool I know about random
levels but there we go here we go and
Mikey oh there we go no way Mike he's
working old on my mouse pad is not
working for some reason nothing else my
my there we go we have not my mouse
stopped working oh it's always something
with you wasn't it
isn't it ah fuck sick now I got now we
got a mouse pad but no and then I gotta
keep a bit o mouse this is the same I
hope this cord will reach to the back of
my pcs apparently the only way I'm gonna
be able to fucking do this pain in my
ass why this is a brand new computer why
would it's so wrong there we go there we
go are you working - everything seems to
be working I'm gonna shoot things
I'm gonna shoot things now we're finally
at the point where I shoot things
alright alright and I suck doing with
reloading this so funky it's wrong Oh
missed one I always he's shooting at me
with a pistol that's indeed this is the
brutal doom mod which adds a lot of gore
and neat things I don't know how I feel
about reloading but there's reloading
I'm kind of playing like shit
reloading oh fuck I think the favorite
change so far is giving those guys
machine guns little dart guys I normally
just use pistols reloading oh crap so
much crap
I'm embarrassed so glad I got some help
reload boom boom suck it
all right just the sake of being a
completionist already ever okay
I think that's all the secrets in
first-stage it's been a while maybe this
beautiful sprite artworks Doom is not a
game that needs to be updated with 3d
graphics I've seen a source port that
had 3d models for the monsters and well
I missed a lot of Secrets well one I
think whatever it's fine everything's
fine I'm gonna shoot more things cuz I
like shooting at things you guys want me
to read things while I'm doing that
seems wrong
die motherfucker boom
fuck off
yeah that feels good nothing more
satisfying with a chain gun
I think jack is here
Jagr
we're live by the way what are you what
are you laughing about
dude what is so funny what is so funny
you're alive
yeah we're live I hope this one I just I
would like to paint a picture for people
hold on first of all whenever you're
ready we turn on Demon Souls okay okay
so let me paint let me paint a picture
for everyone is this is this mine that
one should be yours okay so here's the
picture Jack bring back the sound one
bring back the sound
hey Jack hi hi everybody read this there
is no fucking sound
Jack into painting now awesome Oh Jack
sound game sounder our sound yeah we we
look alike we're a little low on our
levels but you all don't know people
sing Jack audio good great but no game
sounds at all
Jack where's the go no game sound okay
I'll fix that we'll fix that so rich has
all the lights off in the room doing the
dark and and it has a a piece of wood
over his lap on the couch on the couch
because it's a myth that you cannot play
with a mouse in the couch complete utter
myth it is a myth but you have you're
sitting on the couch
with a piece of wood on top of your lap
with with your mouse and number pad for
movement and so walking in to a darkened
room where you just have like and it's a
big piece of wood too
so you're saying I have I have what
you're saying I said just to make this
clear
yeah you're saying that I have big wood
in my lap I don't I fail to see how this
is a problem it's just it's comical but
yeah I come in here and you look very
comical with your big piece of wood and
a moving blanket to protect your legs
from the big it's just weird it's just
weird and I wasn't I didn't know like
you'd be streaming I wasn't mentally
prepared for this yet you know this is
just how I came in it's a little weird I
like it
everything's everything's great
everything's great how how has the
street how long have you been streaming
I didn't get the email oh that's weird
the sounds are just dead I don't know
why that is what there's no levels at
all and OBS for the sound on that game
which oh because it's going to bet it's
going to the zoom how do I think they're
coming out of the TV
do something in the game I'm trying to
sound up on the TV I don't know I don't
know rich
I don't know rich if only you would have
waited an extra five minutes until I got
I didn't know you're gonna get every
five minutes okay Syd Oh Scott around
6:00
hmm leftover beef oh that's right
leftover beefcake the the the technical
the technological genius who who wrote
for us a program to capture subscribers
right that's running what's running that
program oh yeah so it's a leftover
beefcake is is up on his technology
apparently attempted streaming ah the
other day and it was plagued with audio
problems oh really
yeah yeah and he assured us that he will
forever now defend us because he just
couldn't figure it out game audio was
cutting out
yeah audio was cutting out randomly oh
my god this looks awesome
this is fucking awesome only they could
hear it
I suppose I could stop and start the
stream that seems kind of ridiculous we
might have to do that anyway when we uh
when we get to demon souls no it's
probably in the it's probably in your
computer settings whatever you have your
output maps - and then like OBS is
mapped to something different doctor so
a manase jack thank you for retweeting
the majestic sis on oh yeah oh did you
if you sent that beer thank you yes that
beer was delicious thank you for for
sending that to us that beer was good
and it was no bother here Oh bother not
no bother
Oh bother okay where's your sound coming
Audio it's coming from default okay
great
let's try to access we know what's gonna
come for the TV at Lee's right yes I
should that should do something maybe
May that should do something nope that's
weird
go to into options in the game I mean it
wouldn't be in the game and it would be
in your computer right oh the game sound
came back but it was probably hearing it
to the mic yeah you might hear it
through through the mics um
doo doo doo doo doo I'm just gonna yeah
I'm gonna quit the game maybe oh sure my
scream yeah sure
that's okay yeah no I'm gonna get my
laptop out so I can read the chat fully
but in any case leftover beefcake it was
nice it was nice to know that that it's
it's that our audio problems is not
solely due to written eyes incompetence
but but that other people have had
similar issues
I have it up pretty whoa whoa whoa what
is happening everything everything is
happening apparently hold on sorry Chad
I can't I can't see you right now give
me a moment
why is this not picking up I'm gonna
restarting turn off and on the stream
cuz I don't know what the fuck's going
on you're gonna have to do what I'm just
gonna kill the stream and turn it back
on I have no idea what's wrong with us
sure hey we'll be back we'll be back
that's weird
it looks like the games might be a
little
don't okay yes
apparently OBS freaks out with the sound
in google oh yeah go like to the lowest
where it's not
listening to it now we're all audio up
in this bitch alright that's where we
like to be
that sounds great that sounds great all
right all right everything's swimming
welcome now today we didn't start the
stream earlier this was exactly when we
started it nothing happened earlier
nothing at all
rich is playing some brutal - gonna get
all up in the motherfucker
now laser 103 this is the Baja those 2d
sprites man 13 sprays dooms Franchi some
my favorite sprites of all time
that's right lift it so leftover big big
who's having ideas is he now has our
back as far as streaming issues are
concerned he wanted some tips and tricks
on how our streams go so smoothly which
tells you
let's be honest left overall I thought
was was look up some YouTube videos on
how other people set up their streams
and I get all my settings pretty much
I have Oh just reloading oh we have our
streaming quality set to 1000 kilobits
per second which is fairly small and our
audio is also set to pretty
I push everything to the mono I don't
know why I just do I don't know if it
makes the streaming size smaller
I think mono makes more sense just in
case there's weird audio channels I want
it but I want everyone to hear and
everything is like we're gonna miss we
mess something up in the left channel or
something you know oh I missed a secret
area
I think it's fine it's all fine
but speaking of audio issues
as we can talk about something I've
tweeted on my Twitter a little bit
earlier we had a big heartbreak jacket I
had a big heartbreak today in rich had a
big heartbreak when I told them about it
was that all almost all of Rich's audio
from our last prereq that I was editing
the look back on early access games
crypt of the necrodancer and invisible
ink
is all gone all that audio is all gone
the question is what are we gonna do
because we have Batman coming up only
got III coming up and both of those are
going to be time-sensitive yep and so
there is no way that we can film and
edit the episode in time so we'll push
it off till later
so we will push it off until later but
it'll be much later and you know who
knows if we sit around completely
unfixable
what what happened that's what I'm
trying to figure it's either your pack
mysteriously ran out of batteries but we
did check the batteries before before
recording and all battery levels were at
100% or when you do like shifted or
something and maybe your audio and then
completely cut out for the rest of the
recording all hour of talking is
recorded but after eight minutes so it
recorded an hour but oh there's only
eight minutes of waveform weird yes
how do I sound in your mind okay I mean
you know they're there lot of mics yeah
and you're you know you're a couple feet
away from me so you sound very quiet
yeah and we have the sound from all the
camera all on camera audio but of course
those are the on camera mics and he was
sound very far away and echo II I'm
gonna go ahead and call it unmusical I
have a theory okay
I think you're just trying to cover up
to the fact that your opinion was
subjectively wrong that's my theory is
that is that possible that one
that's a fine theory except I thought
we did we did rich and I had a really
strong back and forth I just like early
access and rich likes it and you more
than just like earlier I'm more than
just like early access I also have
changed some and we're to be wrong well
I thought had a really strong back and
forth I was really cuz we usually we
usually agree on stuff and so it was
nice to have an argument yeah
because it's it's not like we can just
recreate that conversation nothing you
know I'm sure we can since brief well
yeah unless your opinion became right no
unless that happened yeah we're good so
I mean it's a fine theory that I was so
ashamed by my opinion that I fake
because I would have liked paralyzed
I love the blinking light stuff that's
great
so in any case we we don't we don't have
that episode we won't have that next up
so III we're gonna film that as soon as
all the conferences are done early this
week and then that needs to come out
where that episode just found it in the
dust for the moment which is really
important
I've got a fuckin chain gun jack
you should find hair Jack to be more
creepy than hairless that hair jacket
we're after after I sent out my tweet
about the audio issues I did I was
about how to fix
don't you know me right
there's no fixing the audio because
there is no audio to fix you know it's
not like tweaking levels but you know
what the real issue is is one rich and I
film it is there's nobody to monitor the
sound and that is a big problem because
the the audio was working great until
eight minutes in so here's my plan going
for plan number one is I do have to wire
lobs and we just sit there so it's not
like we need to worry about moving so
I'm switching us over to the wired watts
because then we won't have to worry
about battery power if it was the
batteries right fix number two is I'm
going to run my zoom into an audio
recording program and run that off of my
laptop and place it in my eye sight
behind rich find some way to yell like I
put it on a ladder or something right
I'm sure it's a little absurd but that
way at at a glance without having to
break the conversation but at a glance I
can see both of our way down before me
don't you think that's the best solution
I guess I'm shooting things Jeff oh
sorry
I think I care about her show doom is on
the screen I don't care about anything
so
is there a way to monitor everything
where he sits not really like you know I
won't be able to tonight or beneath you
did your grenade wife maybe hit the
grenade button it just happened
what's the fuck there's just part of
brutal doom now Ritchie just throw
grenades every once in a while
so another turnover
because and and really if you think
about it like monitoring things would
mean leaving the conversation and so you
know you don't we don't we we try not to
we try to have as natural conversation
as possible and hopefully that's where
some of the fun comes from and so if we
like structure if we like stopped every
five minutes to double-check the audio
maybe the only one who thinks to make
volume is that we can turn up a little
bit I guess on our mics
yeah and I don't really want to
okay
okay now our microphone audio is louder
getting myself shot
can you not leave a laptop by your side
or something sure I can that's what I'll
be doing from now on is and I won't have
it by my side because you know again
that involves leaving the conversation
so I think if I can find a way to get it
behind rich so it's still relatively in
my eyeline that would that would be
helpful
Audio is whoa great thank you hey you're
welcome
curry curry see in part Karis the Circe
in part I don't know c-section front I
don't know cesarean part yeah that's
what it is cesarean great Ridge now that
the sound is good press f it didn't do
anything
what was that I think they want to taunt
oh okay what was what that thing those
are goats that is a monster there's a
ghost months there's a near invisible
monster
they haven't your invisible monster have
ghosts monsters rich this isn't a crane
jack they have ghosts monsters known I
refused to call on a ghost it's not
ghosts Jack you know anything about doom
I don't know anything about to him I
have not played much do ah
or just beside under the camera the
laptop yeah I know Colonel Rhodes mother
I think that's the oh c'mon go I think
that's the plan nice
exactly well I know I just mean like the
the dark enemy's no heat gameplay-wise
we didn't do very well but that was neat
back thank that accidental grenade just
just fucked me over
I'm sorry fuck me over I'm sorry just
anyone had a key just I'm standing there
he just threw a grenade yeah he wanted
us that he wanted to spice up your run
right doing the guy wanted to spice up
your honor does doing guy have a name or
is it just duties dumb guy okay
technically if you go by the shitty
novelization knees was he Flynn Taggart
when Taggart in Dhoom 3 he's something
King John King Dan King I forget but
there's no in game camp fuck Tom Kane
corporal no there's no in-game anything
right okay that's all that matters the
only thing that matters is in-game
cannon doom guy
what what john mckay his name is john
mccain that would be great that would be
great so i don't know to wrap up i I was
really you know because we have the III
episode in the Batman soap coming out
this episode there were the early access
ramp up episode needed to be out quickly
and I was all prepared today you know I
was just already like yes my day is set
I'm gonna fucking edit the shit out of
some shit it's gonna be great and and
it's it's disheartening you know of
coarseness when a technical issue of
that nature happens
and I felt I was a little deflate as it
should be it should be deflating yeah it
was it was and so you know what I didn't
spent instead I played some splatoon and
I really enjoyed it
I was latina I'm enjoying it
I'm enjoying it it has some problems as
far as I'm concerned but overall him the
playing the game is really fun you know
covering your area in oh she got damn it
there must be a button on your there's
gotta be some kind of is did it get no
me what did you do customized controls
what is going on with that grenade I'm
not gonna play arkham city i'm going to
come in as a relatively new band you
don't have time at this point
oh yeah and also I don't have time but I
made that decision last week when we
talked about it is our canvas tote opt
is you what I'm looking at your taunt
button oh that's fine it's you that's
fine no I was playing splatoon krieger
splatoon and really tossed grenade G or
n so I had to sit to and it's not the
throwing grenade when I want to throw a
grenade but when I don't want to throw a
grenade a grenade just flies out you
must have grazed it they must have it's
nowhere near that's weird
you know what you probably don't know
what I hate you you should you should
I'm just here to end tagging as iam but
uh
splatoon is really fun I've been having
a lot of fun with it I don't much care
for the Call of Duty you can only get
better weapons by playing more I
understand I understand they're a
multiplayer game not that I'm a big
multiplayer fan anyway but one that you
can't just pick up fresh and at least be
on the same playing field with everyone
else is terrible if you can't do that
right maybe you're already at a
disadvantage because you're just not
familiar with the game right and then if
you also have the handicap of shitty
weapons where you're just you're
basically just there to be cannon fodder
sure the vets and fuck that and you know
I there is a lot of that but I think the
idea behind it is they give you bait the
standard balanced weapon they give you
the Mario and then that's what you're
supposed to learn huh
and then as the game goes on you can
play with the strategy that the other
weapons offer you know once stronger but
slower firing speed one and as
horrifying Sabido but a weaker but they
want to make sure you understand the
core
play before you delve into any of the
crazy but here's here's the real problem
is you can't equip weapons on the fly
and in going into a battle and you can
you can't change your equipped weapons
until the battles over and you can't
choose who you go into battle with and
so let just kick and barrows ma'am
none over here just kick and barrels
sloshed from DuckTales how you gift us
games on Steam as you send you send them
to our email address which is previously
recorded dot our LM @ gmail.com and we
will get them and add them to our pre
req Steam account but splatoon so for
example one of the weapons that you can
pick up later on is a giant paint roller
and the giant paint roller is is a very
good weapon for a covering ground and of
course for close combat but it doesn't
shoot anything it just rolls the ground
with pain and every once in a while if
you have the paint roller you'll find
yourself in a game and all you three of
your other teammates also have paint
rollers and you're gonna lose if there's
no one on your team with a ranged weapon
you're gonna lose this version yeah
every squadron expert nice nice
which is here I'm doing a lot of the
talk around yes rich is playing do them
this is do cuz it's doing but rich is
here and so you know what I'm doing
filling air I'm here in spirit yeah rich
we'll talk more when I play Demon Souls
yeah get get over here we got guys shoot
you fucker
you fucking fuck fuck right with fuck
and so in a in a game like like for
example in in tf2 you can change I miss
something
what did you miss button somewhere you
can change characters on the fly anytime
you want to change a character to more
balance your team you can change that
instantly or in Call of Duty you can
change your gear out mid round you know
like oh yeah here's a round but I want
to play with all the same people just
change my gear you can do that and you
can't do that in splatoon once you pick
your equipment that's what you're
playing as and if you want to change
your equipment you need to get out of
the online server change your equipment
and then hop back on the online server
and even then you can't choose who
you're in the game with and it's
infuriating it's like half it's like
half thought out multiplayer where is
your guy he's a fuckup he's just a fuck
yeah the roller equal shotgun no not
exactly the roller the roller is like a
is like a is like a knife you know a
roller is like a machete they have a
shotgun type weapon where it shoots a
big burst of paints but it shoots a
little slower I like that one another
reason I'm not talking is I I don't have
a wii u and i have not played splatoon
at all so this this is all foreign to me
I missed a switch somewhere I can't
remember where the fuck it is yeah been
too long god damn it there my god fall
in the lava is he dead oh maybe that's
what happened ah yeah there you go the
roller is like a chainsaw that's exactly
what the roller is in splatoon but
overall the game is super fun the moving
the moving in ink really fun when you're
in the ink as a squid you kind of hide
from the other team so you can like
sneak attack people really great a lot
of a lot of good strategy to be had and
I wish they would just iron out these
these uh these are key multiplayer
issues where let me choose my equipment
once I see like before we start playing
let all of our teams see what else
everyone else has and we can have a more
balanced team you know what's a creepy
ass picture Boros or alright that was
probably good I gotta hit that
go back to the health spear room then
leave and run against the left wall is
the worst thing yeah I thought I hit
that switch apparently I didn't and I
lost my guy which sucks yeah we were
teen well they weren't really a team you
know like you just met him yeah like
bonded or anything yet nice
Splatt mana that's really great
what do I think of the new oculus rift
oh man I could I could not give less of
a fuck it sure is a rift ended oculus is
I just man I don't care I did I thought
it was adorable when Facebook announced
that they weren't going to allow any
pornographic apps for the oculus rift
just adorable I bet that's gonna last
all of two days
you know though Amanda's overwhelming
the the oculus that will have its own
like app story now for all be oculus
games and oculus have some or not and
you know what what do we think it's
gonna be ten hours 12 hours before
there's an official for now Oh father
there you are they are the beer was
surprisingly good but I think it gave me
a sore throat I don't know if that's
normal for home brew oyster your oyster
stout I really enjoyed very flavorful
lights but still had some some nice deep
tones to it oh you can you can dual
wield of course look at that each gun
has a separate trigger look at those
guns rich that looks beautiful
but but yeah Oh father I really liked it
I took some home to drink some but the
rest is here oh yeah yeah grace is here
at the studio and you know obviously I
don't want to drink it all oh good then
everyone should drink it but it did give
me a sore throat I think it was the beer
fuck fuck fuck fuck
the deck do you care about the story in
the Arkham games at all I mean no he
doesn't count I don't he's a weird II
I'm a wee he's just a big weird II weird
Mick weird I'm a weird weird like weird
the the the story in Arkham Asylum is I
mean it's pretty simple right Joker took
over the asylum and you got to get it
back what do you know that's it so you
know
yeah the the Ulta beer that your German
North German beer was you know it was
fine nothing there was nothing nothing
special about it I'm sorry it was you
know it still tasty it was tasty beer
but like a you know a kid to any sort of
light to the mater
but the oysters that was very
interesting
no and I ate the sore throat also just
could have been because I was getting
sick but it so happened right after
right after I drank your home brew beer
so I'm gonna blame you no matter what
I've got a sore jaw but I hope it's not
a cavity or something oh no yeah you a
sore jaw jaw like your boat your double
yeah like I can't pinpoint it to anyone
to know yeah that could be that could be
yeah yeah absolutely absolutely got to
go to them dentist Co you gotta have
dental insurance and I don't so yep
listen either go now or go later right
eventually you gotta go to decide how
much pain you're gonna be in for how
long it's not a lot of pain sure now
but no rln does not offer Daniel well
what a cavity be like it wouldn't be
highlighted on like a specific tooth no
because you know like all those nerves
are so intertwined and if the pain is
intense enough it just might be anywhere
you might have gotten used to it you're
a tough individual I would not I would
not call it intentional so you're you're
- you're in Europe but it's meant for
like a week
oh yeah that's something other person
thank you're supposed to tell me I'm
fine
nope ah I'm not that person you should
go to a dentist that's their job I don't
have money to spend on a dentist via
what do you want me to do Jeff nothing
go to a dentist anyway go broke yep
jaw pain from back teeth can be cavities
depending on where the jumping is like I
remember I went to a dentist once and I
was complaining about like upper tooth
pain like it felt like my upper teeth
were hurting and it turned out it was
one of my lower teeth you know and it
was just like that's how my brain
interpreted and infer then the pain
interpreted
it could be really fucked up sometimes
just five your monsters
fuck you not my best doom whatever yeah
I'm not a dentist I have dentists in my
family though
what's what's the consensus amongst the
chat oh yeah they say you can go to a
dentist they say you should go to a
dentist like him right away yeah yeah
because like if it's a cavity yeah
that's one thing right yeah cavity is
gonna be expensive but you know it's
more expensive than a cavity it would
count a fucking root canal that will
fuck you up and that's painful I've had
root canals those painful could you even
be in a near your affection perfect dark
but you know that get that kind of
stuff's important especially when you're
getting older dentist doctor I have a
reasonable old man
with my fury oh the ghost monster got
you ah the ghost monster got you also
stop drinking sugared Pepsi that's that
off
what's sugar detects that drink diet
that this has fake sugar in it it's
still not sugared
I'm assuming means Pepsi the has sugar
in it you know I don't know I I could be
wrong than that obvious thing I've just
never heard it called sugar Pepsi before
you know
sugar just means not died yes but sugar
just ain't no like isn't that just at
Pepsi
isn't that just default Pepsi they're
saying diet is worse for your teeth
I'm just telling you I'm just telling
you at the chata sandwich he's being
here with the check in the chat talk
about you know dentists
ah
oh god the sounds oh they got stuck look
at that
oh they eat each other yeah oh that's
funny that's great that's great that's a
good point in fish bus it's fish bus
where soda is concerned it's less about
the sugar and more about the acid
yeah Minnesota so sugared or not he's
gonna fuck up your teeth no you're right
Jay's been home we should get back to
911
oh my god that created did not go very
far I think Stan maybe I just thought
you might have a really weak throwing
what fighting all of his muscles are
meant for shooting big guns
I don't know I can't enjoy anything I'm
just worried about my teeth yeah as it
should be
as you should be
there's monsters okay in the acid yeah
monsters there as it marks idea of just
monsters I guess
why don't we just all wear clothes over
you like we wear shoes I don't see it's
so obvious
you know what more WAKAWAKA you're right
we should all wear clothes on our teeth
or you know brush and floss and see a
dentist regularly either way I wasn't
gonna cost to see a nest just for like a
general cleaning room check I feel
looking at maybe a couple hundred and
it's cavity a couple hundred more yeah
but it's five hundred dollars but most
Denton's dentists i was without dental
insurance for quite a long time most
dentists do give you a non insurance
discount and some will even get you
ahead of time like I don't have
insurance gonna get them to plate the
payment plan yeah that's okay yo
everybody wants money well for the for
the services they provide that's usually
what happens that's just just
it's called living in a society you know
people contribute to different things
and we all work together
we all work together
Jack hasn't turns but nightlight you
know it's my insurance and it's shitty
insurance Titan I paid for my own
insurance and it's crappy they're the
worst kind got that Obamacare
I can go to the doctor once every seven
years it's great oh yeah they do have
that to the you can go to you can sign
up for the Marquette dental school what
market oh yeah has a dental school in it
and if you agree to let a dental student
work on your teeth you can get it for
significantly cheaper yeah
but then of course it's a dental street
and they're all you know they're
overseen by their professors but you
know students but you can get it for
significantly cheaper that's a good
point thank you for bringing that up we
brought that up in chat I've known
people who have done that before you
have to get on our waiting list but you
can do that but you have to get them a
waiting list well you got it yeah well
then you just wait well how long oh no
no that's okay
he's a beer there's a thing it look like
this beer never you mind what was it
some cases on rockets it was a case of
rocket yeah
I guess it don't really leave much of
that shit fucking gonna want everything
why no justice I'm gonna chat loner at a
Quran says a back to alcohol Jack if you
tried absent no no I have it that's that
weird like super alcohol that causes
beautiful hallucinate that seems silly
it's crazy
how long do know that wears again
were you like standing up
oh my god
this gorse platter is beautiful though
yeah
okay that's good Thunder bud Thunder bud
says I have a sudden urge to brush up
loss and use some mouthwash
you should it stuff we don't always
remember we get tired go right to bed
don't brush your teeth ever everybody
does it everybody does it
all right we'll be back to old man talk
again I have not seen Jurassic world via
Richard you seen it no so I'm interested
I don't care about a genetically
engineered dinosaur monster I just don't
know that's Barry it is it is gang
busters at the box oh yes it is doing
absurdly well at the box office meeting
all sorts of records worldwide I don't
know if it's if it's beaten Ultron yet
for biggest weekend but it is it's doing
very well 207 or something weird the
movie made this weekend and that's at
least that's the estimate or sometime
it's it's good it's doing so well I'm
gonna go to box office mojo no 204 for
sure I think 207 is the record to beat
how do you know it's still Sunday it's
based off of Esther
they're usually pretty pretty correct
about their estimates they got it down
to a science
2007 was the avengers biggest open you
know biggest opening weekend of all time
Jurassic world is now number two at 2:04
so congratulations Jurassic world right
I did say that hardcore and I was
incredibly wrong I had guessed that
Jurassic world was going to be tanked
and it would be the start of the
downfall of Chris Pratt's career and
obviously I was incredibly wrong as the
world loves it and Chris Pratt doors not
opening tonight glitch did you quit oh
no not that glitch then you're playing
demon souls okay that's fair enough
that's fair enough
Russ's and so not only has it gotten 204
mill opening weekend and over 500
million worldwide opening weekend so
Jurassic world is officially gonna get
the trilogy see you know like it's gonna
get fuck oh you have to do something in
that room don't know what the fuck
- a rich go to the place of the blue
Keith well that's weird weird I already
had the blue key thought I did maybe we
just covered Gorman sure yes maybe it
was covered with the warrant was there
like a switch on it maybe
yeah but just by picking it up that
should have triggered you know and from
from what I've heard you know sigh I've
her very split on Jurassic world from
from all sorts of media people some
people like it I don't know I think I'm
gonna see it I like Chris Pratt
I like dinosaurs we'll see we'll see
no I'm sure I'm sure it's passable Lucky
Strike says what makes Jurassic world so
good isn't because the masses are stupid
and see the word Jurassic I think that's
part of it everyone remembers how great
Jurassic Park is you know what Jurassic
Park is fucking great no one no one will
deny the greatness of Dresden
people will see Chris Pratt's name and
he is known for doing good things and so
right these are all things that give the
movie good will recognizable name and a
recognizable actor in a recognizable
name and I'm sure it's not terrible
right because we would have heard that
immediately if it was terrible and so
passable and it's a recognizable name oh
my oh my god what was that Sonic I was
deaf oh well yeah I mean I see death
gory death
yeah it's not my my guess is my Maya my
personal bias going in I'm expecting an
okay movie I'm expecting an okay she
lucky when I see dress okay which is a
shame because Jurassic Park was more
than that wasn't this wasn't really I
think so I think there was some heart in
Jurassic Park do you think not just
Sherlock going to do you're in the way
that everything Spielberg does his heart
yeah yeah well he has he has that he has
a magic matter
he has gift where he can make you can
make even wish luckiest movie about
aliens they should have a little heart a
little wonder he fills it with Wonder
yeah dress apart was nice and tight no
no I wouldn't I would not say that
Jurassic world is the Man of Steel 2015
Man of Steel is a terrible movie I can't
say I haven't even seen Jurassic world
doesn't Brown sure it doesn't sound
interesting to me I I will not I would
care about actual dinosaurs but like
fake made-up the hybrid monster dinosaur
it just sounds so off-putting and stupid
to me it's karna sore man it's good it's
karna sore I love it no I mean I know
and I have not seen oh you have to hit
it again I obviously have my suit
drastic world but even then I don't
believe it will be as bad as Man of
Steel was Man of Steel was the worst
can i name one character from Jurassic
Park sure dr. grant
delete the lead character from Jurassic
Park John Hammond John Hammond the guy
in a dress cart get some kids out Ian
Malcolm huh Ian Malcolm Ian Malcolm is
the greatest character look Laura Dern
played played ironically by Laura Dern
Newman as the the computer programmer
samuel l.jackson has the other computer
like Nidre huh
injury that was his name I don't
remember names in general you should
know that but I remember every single
character from Jurassic Park remember
the snooty lawyer oh he was great I
remember this movie lawyer
from everything rich at the Rising Sun
wants to know from everything you've
seen from the DC Cinematic Universe so
far do you think they'll make it into a
second things I don't think there's any
one face I'm gonna those my first
question is is there a first phase I
don't think the Dark Knight movies are
related to anything they're doing with
Superman no I don't think so so so far
they have one movie Man of Steel and
it's terrible and they have Batman vs
Superman will be the second movie in the
cinematic universe so I think it did
well enough I'm not hard keep making
these things sure any turbo yeah and
you're gonna have to deal with that I
think like it's it's bad to assume that
they're thinking in phases they're not
giving this any more
forethought than you what's the next
movie they're not they're not a flat-out
come out and said we don't make movies
for universe we're making the director
based what they said yep that's exactly
what they said they don't give up
hey don't give up
I don't do we will play demon souls
don't worry where you just wanted to
play a little brutal doom first I don't
know why it was this idea to play you
want the band played brutally you were
here and everyone else was sure show
five minutes late that's fine
next time I die it's all yours I think
next time I die as long as I need to
right now
I'm too worried about the teeth that's
true you should be
you only get one you only get one pair
well you know
exactly we make director base movies and
that's why we're firing directors left
and right that's exactly DC doesn't care
they don't have their there PG there
Kevin PG they don't have someone leading
leading the charge and that's been
every every ship needs the captain and
DC ain't got no captain I think that's
the first statement I think that's the
first thing I agree
eg faggy however however you pronounce
his name there the guy faggy faker may
might be thing
Seiji the head of Marvel Studios the guy
who's in charge of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe believe he knows what's going
on he's making all the money making all
of money
exactly and Schneider is the closest
thing that the DC Universe has to a
leader and they should be worried about
that bothers them and I give a fuck
DC's weird you only think DC has ever
gotten right it's been the DC Animated
universe are they yeah over how are they
fucking it up like pulled any stuff I
mean they're making some kind of new
thing on YouTube now but that's a god
I'm kind of new he kind of thing no yeah
but they don't do the the the Bruce Timm
Paul Dini kind of team up that that kind
of style anymore Batman Batman the
batman the animated series generation
sure of DC animation is over well that's
yeah you're just saying talking about
the ones position show they still make
animation well no that was batman the
animated series it was Justice League
that was Batman Beyond that era is gone
that areas go I still think they have a
continuity somewhere in there
I don't know if there is any kind of
continuity DC Animated universe going on
now I don't think so I have I have just
no idea I'm gonna say no we'll say no
one you're wrong yeah it could be not
okay Jack do you think that Schneider
exists as an oscar-winning
cinematographer in an alternate universe
I mean you know if we are to believe the
multi-universe theory anything's
possible except bad it's but there are
limits I need to go get some water okay
what is my hearing here get some air in
her
all right okay
no Jack Snyder is not a genius
cinematographer Zack Snyder reads a
comic book points to an iconic panel in
a comic book and tells his
cinematographer to do that that'd be
cool if you did dad
completely missed a point with the watch
bunny like that heroic scene with her
kicking everybody's ass yeah personally
that's so wrong but it looked really
cool though I think Oh
humberto Cabbage Patch yes I did finish
her detective and I really liked it I
really really liked it
nice nice little detective story
nice little detective story and I've
ended thinking that it is not
pretentious I kept going back and forth
on whether or not I thought the show was
pretentious because Matthew I hate con
McConaughey Matthew McConaughey's
character is like I haven't seen Dazed
and Confused in two days and in any case
his character is a little
pretentious but that's just his
character that's not the writing of the
show he like that's he's supposed to be
that you know I'm not a film expert and
I've said multiple bad guys don't
remember few things I don't think I've
ever confessed to being a film
hey Bill
raka no spoilers we go still watching
but no I thought it was fine I thought
it was great I thought I thought who it
was at the end it is a fun little ghost
monster
what are you talking about
they're crazy mr. Gordon both forbid the
detectives were not cheesy and flat they
were they were archetypal which is fine
maybe a little cheesy but not flat they
were great got McConaughey and see I'm
gonna do it again and forget it you keep
in here woody here
I remember you want I remembered it
Woody Harrelson
Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson
great team great team riches here grown
up
Rich's playing doom so he's not talking
too much
well plus you're talking about shit I
got no idea about Matthew my kind of
hand wine I don't give a shit about
matching the kind of hairr what
detective what is that it's a popular
show it is a popular television show on
the HBO's and the HBO's HBO's I don't I
don't understand what you're saying the
HBO is a channel that one is it so like
you were saying it's just like you is
there there's a channel network I also
have to stop watching rich play pretty
girl it is making me slightly motion
sick yeah yeah why I don't know you're
moving very fast that's the nature of
doom where did sucker go
I'm picking up your gum and you die
crocodile brain The Grocer word is moist
which what do you think is the grosser
word moist or used both fine words
they're both fine words Rich's crabby
tonight rich got to thinking about his
teeth he's crabby about it yeah Logan he
brought it up though I'm worried about
it you should be worried about five
hundred dollars is a lot of money to me
I think it's a lot of money to everyone
except for millionaires but I was
getting the same oh yeah other people
are saying they might be uh they're also
getting a little motion stick what
you're saying did you want to not play
this no no you can keep playing as well
what I'm doing is putting my screen in
front of the TV so I can see really yes
I have I have been keeping eyes on
YouTube gaming centric site
I don't think rich and I will try it or
I mean you know I'm not I'm not saying
we will never try it but things seem to
be going all right here on Twitch so
sitting like it would confuse things for
no good reason
yeah things she could unless you can do
simultaneous streams have any problem
even then even then twitch is uh
footboards
most times when you try to get it or so
you know we need to I know they've been
having some problems assuring out the
YouTube live streaming game channel
thing and I'm sure YouTube will figure
it out they have all of Google to figure
it out but twitch works for us and
that's working and everything's working
so I change it if it's working
I know twitch is owned banks I think
that be respect what I'm saying is we're
going to go with the system that works
better and right now that system is
twitch if if YouTube finds a way to make
it work better yeah if it's a better
experience for you guys watching if it's
a better experience for us streaming
we're gonna go where it works the best
that I mean I know that's a bold
statement we're gonna use the thing that
uh that works the best
what's my ammunition like almost forgot
that have you picked up any games and
the at the Steam sale
what we go
I picked up a game that's been in there
just for a while called the nightmare
cooperative what the fuck is that
ironically it's a it's a turn-based
strategy game grid based strategy game
that looks kind of interesting and it
was for like a fucking half you don't
like grid based
yeah it's a beer skirt yeah no I got
that and man we might like we might go
over to youtube if it works better but
we'll see we are I am keeping an eye on
I'm keeping an eye on YouTube and their
streaming services I know it's easier
for people to watch YouTube you know
twitch it still hasn't figured out a lot
of mobile stuff yet YouTube is a lot
better for the Bruck on the broadcaster
side of things you have a lot more
options as a broadcaster but they don't
have their system yet
which works on Miroku that's great
that's great yeah I can't you know what
and here's here's something really awful
I can't even remember all of the games I
bought and they're just gonna sit in my
library I bought them because I felt
like I needed another thing with steam
sales though it's exactly the Steam sale
it's really upsetting them because like
I'd love to share with all the stuff I
got
trying to look through my old emails I
hate you fuckers
you know in the confirmation email you
get some steam it doesn't tell you what
you bought it just gives you like the
many things are weird in life doesn't
tell you what you bought it doesn't want
to it doesn't to remind you know you
might you might buy it again
did I buy this I don't know if I could
it's two dollars it's 98 percent off no
it tells you if it's in your library
I have so many on head games on my on my
game list has anybody been playing the
like steam summer state sales game
there's a gaming right playing that game
you know I have no idea I give I give no
fucks yeah
no I have no idea how it works you just
click on an enemy over and over again
but you don't have to click on an enemy
you do automatic damage it's it's so
fucking near I got really I got really
sick of it real fast so it's like dota
exactly I don't know it's it's very
strange and then you can like when you
defeat enemies you get gold that
upgrades your character but I don't know
if it does anything for the sale it's
just a game it's just a weird game it's
crazy it's dumb it's crazy them dumb
yeah the monster game is a grind fest
you're right it's so weird you can get
badges badges into play oh yeah there
you go hedges yeah I don't know stinking
badges get it a good thing rich is
playing with a mouse and keyboard
because rich only plays first-person
shooters with mics and keyboard what
what was the comment is rich playing
with a controller yeah of course I'm
playing with a keyboard they might be
new rich they might be new he has a
large piece of wood on top of his lap
while sitting on a couch so and then he
has like a little it's like a USB number
pad that he's using for movement in the
gaming life Mouse Guinea mice and
you're right Captain Spaulding this game
does have demons but it might lack all
those your soul burn in hell they go
doom no Brown I don't feel like saying
that right I mean I have the ability to
say if I just choose not to say what
something you didn't fall for I tried
credit where credit was due we saw that
one coming yep I absolutely did
Hey absolutely we'll get the police
question I think you know we're gonna
play a Dutch I think we're gonna try a
different one of the quest games all
right
Demon Souls time our next quests well I
melted in the water nice nice I think
well I think what we're gonna do is we
are going to take a break actually
all right take a break okay oh yeah yeah
I'll take a little break and get the ps3
set up
all right Justin Horman caesarian fart
Chernobyl kinsman Shumlin Idaho mr. shy
smile scant on the immortal Mikolajczyk
mi ke ola JC mr. which this city on this
this site on the Satan also rich you are
now right in front of the microphone and
well I got to see the thing I know but
uncool aid man
porcupine treason 12-hour night night
first-person color n cave Kurt what Kate
Cartwright thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we really do and I was
oppressed me to click oppress me to dick
whatever hold on best beat a dick punch
to feet was like two feet high but it
was it was further away before and it's
a very directional microphone there okay
I apologize everyone rich has been
around microphones for the past 20 years
and still has no idea how we're taking a
break
we'll be back

[Part II]
Beck demons soul demons souls not demon
souls I keep calling it Demon Souls like
singular demon I did i smartened up rich
i smartened up I got another xbox360
controller okay well what is that oh oh
no not just that in fact um it's it's
not the monitor rich it's the it's
coming from the capture software you
need to turn that audio off hold on we
have to do a bunch of things we have to
do a bunch of things
Oh on the first day
on the first day you're probably gonna
hear a little neck oh man was granted a
soul and with it on the second day upon
earth was planted an derivative a soul
devouring demon
this is great
are you guys hearing uh are you guys
hearing it echo it's only showing up and
half the screen right now yeah fit to
screen and yes i we know it's too loud
we will turn it down I will turn it down
in-game
we need a name for our bridge fuck this
fuckface great fuckface sounds great
what what a weird way of doing numbers
they didn't used to do this was there
some kind of retarded system update
can we just why is this capital fook
yeah let's do this let's do fook facce
whatever
the vein recently changed the
PlayStation 3 keyboard layout near the
end of the PlayStation 3 's life for
absolutely no good reason this is weird
I have no idea
fook-la che
we'll be male you know what I kind of
like him like yes you don't want to be
an old lady I always want to be an old
lady
okay so we have soldier oh man I don't
know what any of these things mean
soldiers pretty good night hunter maybe
won't be a hunter priests let's be a
hunter that sounds pretty awesome
somebody says Noble which means it's the
last thing you should be I will never
believe you again ooh a wanderer that
doesn't seem that very good stance
wanderer has good dexterity whatever
that means a barbarian has good strength
probably like the skills yeah let's be a
barbarian you do what you want Jack
great I want to be a barbarian
uncle you this is all you I got I I have
PlayStation three you don't yeah sure
that's a good name the derpy fook facce
no this is fuck fuck J okay great okay
for pot J you look great I know I need
to turn down the game volume still I'm
working on it or you can do it
Bhalla Talia from the outside world
I likable Italian rich I like saying
boletaria say that all my bullets never
get old
just like Jimmy jams Jimmy James got old
real fast
I've also gotten better at just
articulating myself except when you're
talking about invisible ink I felt I did
a good job defending my position even
though I disagree with the colorless
logs of boletaria I like Jimmy James to
mister shiz my albums rich does - he's
just he just he wants to try to be cool
just can't be he just can't be cool rich
you gotta be cool what if I ever been
cool never I like this
i I'm I'm holding back all I'm using all
my strength to hold back myself from
skipping this gutsy and I wanna let you
guys know that skip it I don't give a
shit you know we shouldn't it's our
first time playing and we should give it
a give it a shot
how important was story in blood-borne
not important I definitely don't I don't
want like at the end of this story I
don't want there to be like now here's
how you play the game and then miss that
so in just in case they decide to tell
us how to play the game I'm sure just
giving the cutscene won't skip the
tutorial I don't know I don't know how
to do I don't I think you're parroting
me that's what I think you're doing I
get it I get it
I'm glad I'm glad that I get it yeah I
think we're the hero rich really you
don't think we're we're just some random
NPC who runs the shop in the town we
sold the hero who walks in a pair boots
of plus one walking wouldn't that be
great if that was our job we but but
here's the thing our our job is to see
you later our job is to build up our
shop so they so the hero wants to come
in actually this is a good idea
shop shop keepers shopkeeper simulator I
want to see this now all right I'm being
dead serious I'm with you look at my
barbarian oh fuck I get a club that's
awesome you should still be able to roam
around the town and talk to the normal
townspeople well because you have to get
stuff for supplies sure sure
and everyone's like business deals yeah
send it my way
and at first you're just selling the the
plus one boots
yeah but then like you you you graduate
and you you get a shop near the final
boss you never fight the final boss but
you get a shop near the final boss okay
right you can even have like a dungeon
you go in to find items the sole okay
very blood-borne whoa
well well first things first system
options
camera up down reverse slow down that
camera speed
great
oh okay here we go
so you know like similar like attacks
with that owl l1 is like hold up to
shield and l2 is like shield bash which
is great there's a glowy thing we've
message absolutely
okay great I want standard attack there
r1 r1 that's like Oh is there a lock on
there is a lock on more about the shot
okay sounds exciting
I think it's great I think it's great
and then like the the real hard part is
you know if you're a shopkeeper and
you're moving yourself closer to the end
boss for better for better profit of are
see how do you then you need to like
also be that character that sends the
hero on the quest to like remove the
goblins from your shop right which will
cost you money or equipment and you need
to like make these kind of decisions to
figure into your bottom line because it
for you it's not about defeating anyone
it's about having a profitable shop the
goblins are blocking your medicinal herb
subs exactly exactly
it actually sounds like there's a good
game in there oh sure oh shit I missed
it Wow dick they're like oh there's like
a there's like a dodgeball button okay
great
no need to keep thinking it up it
already exists reckon rec rec head of
tier records 'dear racketeer re c ET t
EA our hold on you know oh yeah who that
shit rich is googling it right now right
the fuck now
Oh oh there's like soul guys Oh Q
racketeer and item shops tail you in
this touchpad I don't know how to click
on things rich his problem Rick
racketeer how to start an item shop is a
role-playing game developed by Japanese
dojin maker easygamestation for the
Windows operating system when did you
come out the game um 2007 oh okay the
game follows a young girl named roquette
who is charged by the fairy tier to run
an item shop out of her house to pay off
the considerable debt her father had
accumulated
in the game the player controls Raquette
in several areas of gameplay including
bargaining and haggling with clients for
goods great
huh
ah yeah say huh
I like it why so came up for Windows huh
yeah add it to the is our list of games
to play a list up no you're all numbers
and let me hold up that tab yeah let me
open up the official somebody's saying
it's not a good game just related to the
discussion oh okay well then fuck it I'm
not adding it okay you go okay yeah no
I'm not adding it to the list of games
of what crescent moon grass is the thing
that heals you for why and yes I know I
was supposed to jump down there I'm just
inspecting we little fall damage little
fall damage
just finally I'm hurting everybody's
ears again here I'm Michael now on the
other side of the damn room
Bango Bango rich you have a magical
voice I understand it's unusual what my
voice it's it's special it is you know
very very blood-borne whoa even the
visceral attack yeah behind yep and
there's fun ragdoll physics oh you know
I guess who I should stop saying it's
very blood-borne blood-borne is very
this Oh what I was looking at was
earlier you're you're you're on your
laptop your chat stops your chat just
frozen on your laptop no it's nowhere
near where the chat is oh no I'm sorry
reality notes ok so friend I wasn't
currently that was probably still from
when I was reading off neighbours sure
your thing froze ok yeah oh yeah getting
behind people is the way to go do the
drill get behind and oh yeah visceral
attack fuck yeah these herbs
yeah like eight of them I don't think I
want to do that yet whatever that is
that seems like something important
picking up that thing I want to clear
the area first
can I go in the water yes I can go in
the water I'm gonna say maybe uh-huh I
can go in the water going in the water
does not hurt me hopefully it's some
clothes nope
staying naked I'm a barbarian
motherfucker you can't handle this warps
a new area yes
I'm the hero okay hit a command R that
might refresh it okay no problem a
little bit is your read up on top it's
right in front there right in front of
you absolutely
okay r2 is strong attack oh yeah
guess what I'm not gonna need that
getting behind you I know I'm probably
not supposed to know that attack yet you
know in the game world yeah but I do l2
is Perry something we're having trouble
hearing you but they're afraid to turn
up the mic cuz I might blow out their
eardrums absolutely I just moved the mic
a bit further from my face you should be
safe no one is waiting l2 is Perry repel
an enemy attack after pairing you can
rip host oh I've been trying to do as
she I thought this was like an attack
like a shield bash but apparently that's
uh nope oh okay I see okay you have to
hold it
and if they hit your shield you can rip
those a rep Jose great okay great
that's great that's not a stairwell okay
and we're moving demon solo also rich
can you update the stream that we are
playing Demon Souls sure you should be
able to do it I think I have a tab open
oh my god a lot of tabs it's a lot of
101 of tabs one of the tabs says
something
I can't believe I say that and shocked
that I survived that properly updated
great thank you no problem
thank you this does not this this
crescent moon grass does not give you a
lot of help as a fly wield weapon with
both hands press the triangle button
when then you can do very fine
ah fuck you dude let's get behind you
nope okay all right try again
attack me again he's gonna die this time
probably
it's a shield break them
my face there you go there we go got him
oh my god
got him well this is the tutorial so
let's not celebrate this one is from
software giving a shit about tutorial
right well they've learned since this
game they've learned not to go easy on
you Oh checking well I only have one out
weapon so okay so yeah much like much I
keep saying much like blood-borne
blood-borne much like this woo Halfmoon
grass I bet that heals me more or half
as much which was it I don't know I'm
still eating my crescent moon grass
until it's gone
I'll need okay okay okay here we go here
we go we're moving we're moving oh
there's a guy whoa
fuck you tell you yeah so you should
take your time in combat okay that is
good to know you're so great yeah and I
mean but I I even have that problem in
blood-borne where you know you get into
the fight so much where you just want to
hack and slash so much and I know I
can't I know I can't but you want to
like old-looking heck fucking hacker
wait I'm with you though mr. schat's now
thank you for reminding me slow and
steady wins the race come down here I'm
done here I see that bow and arrow guy
or crossbow guy up there boom boom you
fucking done son so enjoyable so far I
don't know I I don't know if I would
have been into this like at the time
knowing in the fog do we do we do indeed
okay I get some more crescent moon grass
even nother Chris moon grass all right
here we go
anything over here thank jump
I can roll all right all right I'm doing
it I'm going into the fog
Oh dick this is just guys are not
monsters huh well maybe the fog you know
doesn't maybe doesn't mean what it used
to mean it's fine that's fine
oh yeah these guys are just guys so far
we are not fighting monsters or what
were they in Dark Souls where they were
just guys right weren't they like
dragons oh they were like skeletons
right yeah yeah stuff oh oh here we go
this looks like the good fog this looks
like the fog of the fog
yep oh that's far we go oh my god that
thing's got great eyes I like the street
glowing eyes jesus H Christ
nope oh my god oh fuck what the fly you
fuck huh you I didn't know if he was
gonna attack healing yeah you know it
takes time heavy heavy attack
do the stager
you never know it might work what ah
that role was poorly timed or you don't
get the Impala no I think I rolled right
into it I died yeah I got I got at least
three hits on him I feel pretty good
about that our mics on who for what for
the game not sure yeah we might not be
synched up with the game so are you are
you hearing spoilers well don't react
things for like a second right oh I
think that was one of those you're
supposed to die fights because we got
I'm not gonna take over because I'm the
one who owns a Playstation 3 and I can
play this one ever yes no Jack's not
gonna have many opportunities for demon
souls okay rich rich played brutal doom
you got a little brood of doom Thank You
Lois Jack's death counters that one and
this might be a pre-planned one I don't
know
well I'm sure like if you were just good
enough you could have beat him but like
that first werewolf yeah where you're
kind of supposed to die to figure out
what's going on
you can't kill them though but it's
unintended right you have died and the
Nexus has trapped your soul you cannot
escape the Nexus
however by capturing demons souls you
can reclaim your physical body I don't I
mean I don't know why it's fine okay
good great hello Porter fire oh so rich
why isn't this on pc why can't we have
nice things the world was too cruel an
unhappy place generally speaking in my
in my experience not everything can be
ported you know they might have had a
deal with Sony to make this a lifetime
exclusive and and at the time they were
a younger company so you know they
probably took the deal
maybe one day you know if passed gaming
consoles have taught us anything
eventually everything will be on PCD
right right now you can play them any
many NES game oh sure yes type of stuff
I'm just saying one day like they sold
the kind of you can emulate places to
games and I'm perfect I don't believe
you you're just an ordinary blacksmith
Forge ones you already have your souls
you can go on I get it what about do I
get it
that's Captain America I would have
loved it if the Jurassic world dinosaurs
had feathers I would have part of part
of what I loved about the original
Jurassic Park when I came out was that
it used the up-to-date modern science on
dinosaurs before that dinosaurs weren't
fast speedy things they weren't they
weren't related to birds and movies
there were big dumb slow lizards and the
tails would drag on the ground dress
park changed all of that
a large part of what I loved about that
movie was science II kind of stuff and
now they're making made-up monsters so
they can copyright the toys and I have
no interests in Jurassic world even
though it made like a bazillion dollars
how do I know how to repair it I mean
this is how do I know oh I see okay I
didn't maybe I wanted to we now have
better genes you know to clone in in the
first one they were using and phibian
DNA right which maybe made them take on
a more and phibian like look but now
what if they've actually found and were
able to clone dinosaur DNA without the
use of amphibians so we they get pure
dinosaurs yeah yeah you know you know oh
it's almost as if it's a story and
anything can happen it's almost as if
they could make it up as they go along
all right I gotta go up one of these
dealings I guess here
hello
they said the made a dinosaur does make
me as mad as the trained velociraptors
do that's way worse in my opinion but
you see you can actually train real-life
animals real life animals aren't just
monsters that go to eat every human
being they see sure and that's the
problem with the third movie the third
movie dress part three there's a scene
with the Tyrannosaurus Rex he's eating
like a dead brontosaurus he's got this
literally he's got like gigantic meal
and he's already eating it and then he
sees three humans and he immediately
abandons this enough meat to feed him
for like a year to chase half of the
human some of them instead sure sure and
it makes no fucking sense right okay I'm
with you I'm with you yeah the Train
Raptors are the least offensive thing
right like you know if only there was a
real world analogy where we could say
like oh here's like a predator in the
wild but someone has trained them if
only they were like yeah like lion
tamers or something I'm sure sure if
people had like some kind of precedence
some some like bears or elephants or you
know stuff like that worth like these
are wild animals but people actually
like train them and have them as not
pets but you know
I don't know where I'm going but that's
okay I'm just exploring
this is not the right way to go all
right maybe I wasn't supposed to go this
way
I'm sorry for everyone here who has
played demon souls before you probably
know what to do have we seen the Lion
King yeah we have I'm assuming you have
The Lion King
yeah like the Disney animated musical
The Lion King I fucking hate it
what I fucking hate it The Lion King yes
I hate the music in it I hate the story
I hate the characters really I hate the
Lion King yes you heard it here first
folks but okay this is not the way to go
either rich hates the Lion King oh my
god I'm like burning up uh okay you know
the music is not my favorite music and
and I'm a fan in general of animated
musicals it's not my favorite music it's
alright I think well I dig the story
though I'm down with the story like I
feel like that I feel like you know this
symbol looking at this should be so oh
there we go it is something touch arch
stone of the small King I don't know if
I want to do that or what's this one
this is one I can touch to that great
the mermaids using the Beast is amazing
you got the lion killer that's my that's
how I feel about it I mean it's not as
good as a Little Mermaid orbiting the
Beast better than say your Mulan's or
Pocahontas is no I'll put I'll put Mulan
ahead yeah I haven't seen Pocahontas so
you know it's been a while since I've
seen you on a high-school boy that I
like I like the lion Kling Kling I like
the line clean I like the static cling I
think it's a fun story I like the
darkness of it I'll I like I mean just
walking through the elephant graveyard
right that's creepy shit it's great it's
got that obnoxious home improvement kid
as a voice and he's annoying as a kid as
an adult he's just fucking bland
as I like Timon and Pumba noxious comedy
relief ah yeah I can yep yep yep saw
some bacon yep yep yep he's a big big
you can be a big pig too boy it's great
that's great a little Redemption story
this big fucking dragon I'm not I don't
feel like I am prepared to fight the big
fucking dragon you're allowed to like
the Lion King
I just don't like it right I'm just
saying rich is just saying don't want to
touch that yeah James Earl Jones
Mustapha how not like him rich and he
actually phrased it that way how not
like him
same way I didn't like him in attack of
the clones and just have Revenge of the
Sith just because you got James Earl
Jones it doesn't mean it's quality movie
right James Earl Jones is a fine actor a
fine voice acting as a shame he dies the
beginning of the movie I'm not killing
it already take my time get some
crescent moon grass here
oh god it's not doing anything my health
bar is just that low oh I'm an idiot
I'm a dummy rich I'm a big dumb dummy
gonna hit this horse
fuck you horse why did you make me eat
that grass that's really funny all right
all right I've heard great things about
the yeah I don't think there's one song
of that movie I like not even just can't
wait to be king
no not even the opening no goz it gonna
be is it about my my you're annoying oh
yeah oh yeah come on if they do I see
you you guys are trying to be sneaky I
see you fucks
I'm gonna try this
Oh what that didn't work
apparently rep Jose doesn't work against
flying attacks that was me being sneaky
okay come on come on you fuck come on
you fuck flying attack circle round
no all right well fuck both of you is
that a joke because I think they are the
black hole I think so what's the black
hole that was a Disney science-fiction
movie where they flew into a black hole
Oh cuz prison scientists wanted to take
everybody into a black hole oh cool
and then I got a giant killer red robot
that was neat how I was able to roll
around other people and I'm not able to
do that anymore flying r2d2 with eyes oh
yeah no that sounds neat
you know what that sounds neat I want
you know what I tried to propose seeing
and it didn't work against their flying
attack so then I tried to roll around
him and that didn't work - I'm finding
my flow everybody just settle the fridge
down my favorite movie is a child I give
you a list I don't think I can give you
one Robocop aliens
diehard gremlins fucking Indiana Jones
right as the Lost Ark Star Wars sure
yeah that seems like a pretty good list
Indiana Jones pretty baller I got the C
R rated movie this when I was a kid
mm-hmm they were never off limits
boom rep Jose motherfucker
yep Jose did it my mother was a horror
movie aficionado
so horror there were like movie nights
where be stuff like Friday the 13th
family movie back yeah of course
all right junior fucks sure graphic on
okay I got you I got you ticket I got
your number I got your ticket nope I
don't I didn't have his number or his
ticket rich I was born in good movie
times I think I think I was born in the
vet the best movie times like ever yeah
III don't think modern day has surpassed
80s movies like the franchises they're
milking now those were born when I was a
kid watching movies that's a that's a
very appropriate way to put it yeah all
right all right we're gonna try this
again not not nailing it with the rip
Jose yet we're gonna get there come here
come here
attack me are you excited for the new
Pixar movie inside out you mean you mean
Herman's head I've heard good things
that was good but it's a totally aping
Herman's head well where's fine it's not
like Herman's heads done anything with
the concept in 20 years
longer Jesus Christ
right fucking get on it Herman's head
we're waiting oh that's my glowing thing
okay here we go it would go here we go
here we go now oh I see you
is there someone behind here - of course
there is you don't get me with your
scary stuff
boom rep Jose come on frighten me come
on
Jack stop pronounce stop not pronouncing
the T and repost the English the English
language weeps what is it what is it
cold pronounce it I pronounce it repost
repost yeah what do you say I've been
saying rep Jose what the fuck I don't
know what it's coming but you I haven't
been paying enough attention you've been
saying rep Jose there's an e at the end
yeah but it's also a t I thought it was
French the French don't pronounce
thirty's I'm doing it RIA spell it
someone spell it phonetically are you -
POS T we post ok what's it I don't know
maybe maybe we're all getting it wrong
that's entirely possible it could be
just because the majority believe
something it doesn't mean it's right
someone forum I mean it's just kind of
like Christianity you know we need
someone from from software to be like
actually it's it's pronounced durndle
it's pronounced during goal and I really
wish all you guys would stop
mispronouncing it rich are you on the
Jurassic world half in the bag review
see that's very clever
did you see how that's clever I do see
how that's good yeah they're trying
they're not trying to find out if I'm in
a half in the bag Jurassic world review
they're just trying to find out events
the next review ha ha
and that's very clever so I'm not going
to respond nice so I don't like being
manipulated goddammit
instant relief says it's pronounced Jack
what the fuck is going on in your brain
if if I could tell you that I think
first of all I would have way more shit
together like if I could explain to you
what was happening and oh it's already
it's already posted what's already
posted I don't know what you're talking
about what are you talking about I'm not
gonna give it you're just not gonna get
me these people they think they're smart
sometimes they're you know what yet
sometimes you're very clever I want to
know what this is but I don't
necessarily want to jump into that but I
do you know what I'm saying yeah no Sam
yeah this big swirly pit of swirling
stuff and I oh you sneaky fuck you can't
oh there's two sneaky fucks you you two
sneaky fucks you come out here and fight
me you fuck
half-hearted roar I guess or whatever I
mean obviously the next better the next
half of the bag is going to be a belated
review of pitch perfect - absolutely
obviously
spoiler alert as well to get to it yeah
but you know that was one of those where
I I don't think there was necessarily a
time limit just because that's a movie
that will live on yeah yeah
mistimed it mistimed my reposts
taking it easy taking it slow Zippity
doo down City day my jamming this corpse
firebomb nice great okay I have fire
bombs okay I want to say legs what's
going on with your health bar there do
you see how it has that notch in the
middle yeah that's my max health why is
that why is that half what it started
off as well cuz because I'm in the dead
world I think okay so because I'm in the
dead world ice fucking gotcha
fucking gotcha yes Blood Dragon is
currently 75% off I think it's I think
II can get it now for like 3 bucks which
for 3 bucks one dragon is totally worth
the fuck I died I was so close to that
fucking fog too
Oh way the fuck back here am I just
gonna have to do the run past everyone
thing if you want to I think I am
I think I do the same where you have to
find the light I don't know if it's the
torture it's like the fog is the
waypoint button okay
oh fuck you so no armor in this is that
just a shirt barbarian or I think it's
just cuz I'm a barbarian hold on fucking
shirt right listen I'm not gonna take
your Puritan worldview it here it is
great shit not ready I'm not ready
Oh Oh
see you I see you then have a nice night
Oh bother
yes I'll bother thank you for the beer
we really appreciate it
well I do I think rich appreciates the
thought calves or warriors Blackhawks
our black our Blackhawks of Chicago team
yeah and how are they how are they doing
in the hockey their one victory away
from winning everything okay the other
team was only two victories away from
winning everything oh I've got you I was
at I was at a wedding last night and
apparently they the bride and groom are
from Chicago
the Chicago land area and they had made
a Stanley Cup out of the PBR beer cans
oh my god that's that's so classless and
and during the wedding they were you
know excitingly kissing it as they do in
the hockey and I had I know very little
about hockey and I had to explain that
to people like no that's a they must
really enjoy the hockey anti-fog really
out of out of PBR cans yeah you know at
their wedding but they're young they're
young people fuck oh fuck you
dickweed throw bombs at me like a
dickhead they're younger they're younger
I mean not much younger but they're
younger people so you gotta give them no
no younger people don't know any better
no no no excuse that's trashy and that
will be a stain on their wedding the
rest of their life mail breaker hey you
quit that right away I'm gonna cake
shaped like the Sandler cup that might
be cute
yeah but PBR can he be our chance I'm
sorry June anyone says Jack that thing
in your left hand as a shield yeah I
mean I've been using it that's how you
that's how you have to and I got a sword
I got a Ford to use instead of my club
okay I check the stats of any such
oh here we go so not as well I think it
swings faster but it doesn't do as much
damage but not you know not terribly
less damage we'll give the floor to try
we will give the floor to try but uh oh
you know whose wedding I was at
yesterday what the person who is doing
the majority of the score for space cop
oh he's still stupid for gonna fucking
Stanley Cup appearances wedding no
they're young you say that like it's an
excuse they're young doesn't that's when
you tell them you know you're young I
just want you to know that you're going
to regret this for the rest of your
marriage you might actually have to get
divorced yes we race this from your past
that's what you tell them I don't think
this is their young and you care now
like PPR cans I'll glue it together and
I think they had like an aluminum all
the way fucking back here damn it
okay I'd like a little aluminum foil
thing on top it was pretty mean you know
their hockey fans here's the thing I
like I begrudge them just being hockey
fans and so the fact that was made out
of PBR was no big deal to me sounds like
really hockey fans I get I mean I guess
that's any sport oh so just any sport
just a nice boy okay I'm going down here
nope I wanted to give it a try figured
I've just died it doesn't fucking matter
damn it
I'm sure there's nothing wrong with
hockey any sport that you're into
congratulations you know I don't really
care for soccer
no even soccer okay bye do what you do
I'm just not into it I'm just not into
it but you know I also watch people play
video games on the internet so it's just
Oh fucking oh my god rich I'm dumb you
haven't been picking up your muscles I
have been but then I just killed myself
going down that pit ah so I didn't pick
up those muscles that's fine it's fine
many times no I'm sure someone on the
chats keeping track what's the jack
death count not many
not many I don't think really you
dickheads are coming in here if they
follow come here
repost the shit out of you nope nope
nope you know what or I'll run away how
about that
Milwaukee needs a team aren't the teams
that Milwaukee has aren't they aren't
they sad enough
oh I mean what does Milwaukee have the
Brewers and the Bucks yep Wow
so bad you have to root for Green Bay
and they play like four hours away right
that's your football team Jack they play
four hours away I'm do nothing my
football team how know it is
we're taking this serious again I was
fucking around for a little bit because
I died and I felt bad about that but we
are back to taking this shit seriously
okay
these people are judging you based on
your play I know they're I know they are
just come on Jack death count is six
okay that's not bad I'll take six oh six
pronouncing riposte over in the past
repose a is how I was pronouncing it
first of all repast
repo stuff is Milwaukee worth visiting
probably just asking this from say bingo
no people have forgot about that so
probably not I'm gonna say no uh you
know Summerfest is coming up if you live
by any other major city no sure I mean
if you're close enough to go to
Milwaukee you can just go to Chicago
yeah that's true by the way but if you
are a music fan
Summerfest is coming up which is the
world's largest music festival enough
you know you get to see hundreds of
bands and I I don't much care for it
because it's large groups of people in
the Sun and those are two things that I
don't much care for but I know many many
music lovers get a big kick out of
Summerfest so if you are a music lover
this Dahmer's apartment still there I do
believe they tore it down but you can
still visit the hardware store where he
bought his equipment can you yeah
how do you know that that's creepy
because we were driving by and Jay
pointed it out okay I could see Jay
having that yeah I think we had to stop
and get something sure the studio every
dollar went to buy all of his creepy
Jeffrey Dahmer stuff yep I believe that
for a dollar
I'm not here
don't fall down the pit don't fit a n
and I didn't fall down the pit get up
get up so I can pummel you with my club
I love the fact that I get a club these
are my favorite kind of weapons in any
games is just a big dumb slow club that
doesn't shock me in any way shape or
form I know I like weapon that's precise
relegates right though right right I
just like the big thing that smashes
oopsie yeah I walked into a fire give me
the thing that's me ashes
do I miss Chicago hey you know what I
never got downtown that much anyway I
mean I've lived in the suburbs and if I
ever do want to go downtown I mean a
couple hours away but yeah you're still
relatively close to the Chicago like
iffy if the Blackhawks win I'll probably
go meet Aaron downtown for free
they'd be a parade yeah if they win sure
oh yeah
that means they've been a great endeavor
time than 100 great oh they've won
before yes cool also if it goes the game
seven Wednesday I'm canceling the stream
well if the parade is Wednesday yeah I'm
not gonna be there it will be a Jackson
low Street is why you're likely one way
or the other Wednesday might be a
Jackson stop yes that's perfectly
understandable rich perfectly
understandable that's your thing the
sports what what a super big sports fan
I'm really not but can someone in the
chat tell me what sold remains are in my
inventory here soul remains thank you
now you like to hockey that's fine you
fired throwing mother fucking dick
fucking hate you sorry it's okay see
there is like a I see that there's like
a door I can open from the other side
you know like like in blood-borne I
could like open up easier pathways I
haven't missed it yet but I'm I was
rushing for a little bit and now I'm
back to taking my time take my time
gonna be cool I know there's a dude up
here did another fire throw on dude I'm
sure soul remains equal ghost poop no
but it's in my inventory design this one
somebody said okay if you throw solar
bands on the ground enemies will go to
investigate them oh okay
that's cool

[Part III]
there was something like that in
blood-borne that I never ever used not
the pebble it was a blood yeah the blood
something
what cocktail yeah yeah somebody else is
saying they're the same as the cold
blood do Oh Oh so it gives you more
Souls when you get back to the place
well who's right I don't know who do we
believe throwing molotovs like a son of
a bitch like a goddamn son of a bitch
you come down here and face my club Oh
always up there are you excited for the
about the Pluto flyby ninja-like fuck
yes I am some science nerd paydirt right
there
rich were the worst characters in
fiction everyone from a Star Wars
prequel boom also Simba that's mean I'm
saluting sorry I mean that the same as
the punch in blood cocktail pungent
blood cocktail that's very different
okay so yes it is it's the thing to
entrap enemies the other guy was right I
get up there can I get up there you've
stood anyone says you've passed a few
gates that will become shortcuts have I
are you saying all right I mean I
believe there's a dude up there there's
also just people throwing fighters at me
I don't necessarily want to deal with
I don't know if I I mean I believe you
but anything over
I can't wait for rich to actually see
the nothing of that flyby and be all
disappointed even if it's just a rock
and it's probably just a rock well I
mean it's a rock we've known about for a
damn long time and still haven't really
seen it's any meaningful way of course
it's exciting yeah it's exciting do you
have any idea how fucking far away Pluto
is and how amazing it is that we've got
a probe with a camera out there @cn yeah
that's some exciting shit absolutely
some motherfuckers need to get excited
about science and you know what science
isn't always exciting it's not always
explosions and drilling rocks drilling
holes and asteroids with with with Ben
Kingsley or
Bruce Willis that's not how it works
sometimes science is just like oh look
at that rock shit that rocks got a lot
of holes in it I think whoever told me
there are some doors in strollin
motherfucker even if it's even if it was
relatively unexcited footage I mean you
know back before the Pluto controversy I
mean this was the last planet this is
the one we hadn't seen yet yeah yeah
Darrin knows somebody who grew up with
Pluto being a planet when I was a kid
I'm excited to see it finally ok whoever
said I'm missing gates is a lying
motherfucker you're a lying motherfucker
it might be yeah
like here's a gate can't get in it you a
lyin motherfucker motherfucker
you are lying motherfucker motherfucker
either you're lying or you don't know
you're lying and that's kind of like a
lie
in itself think about that you think it
you think about that how about that it's
gonna have a message on it saying fuck
you I need 20 that would be they
actually if it actually did wouldn't
that be the most exciting thing that
would ever happen that would be really
funny and like it has like two rock
formations coming out of either besides
that look like middle fingers alright we
get our first look at Pluto fuck you
oh well Pluto is kind of an asshole I'm
the planet motherfucker I think they
need to completely redefine the planets
we've talked about we have
I think my bow and arrow would have been
useful here I understand my Pluto isn't
a planet anymore but yeah I think I
think the gas giants need to be their
own category too and you know I can
agree with that I think I think oh shit
shit if I seen the New Age nonsense
spirit science I've heard a little bit
about it it sounds just as retarded as
any other kind of supernatural
gobbledygook gobbledygook brought to you
by feeling better about yourself don't
understand the what's going on in the
world around you we've got some
supernatural gobbledygook for you I
think spirit science is just New Age
crap that wants to be taken more
seriously sure you put science behind
but science in front of it yeah yeah or
in front of it no behind it's beard you
know it's beard I do I do know what you
mean that was just being dickish because
I said something big dick
oh yeah there's another dick in there
come on out here I'm here you dick
oh you're a throwie kind of addictive
fuck you then dick fucking dick great
great making progress
oh that's where this dick came from oh I
bet there's a go don't fall down there
15 minutes why what happens if III in 15
minutes
III and 15 miss Frank this we've got a
big presentation going on oh is Bethesda
in 15 minutes yeah yeah we're we're
staying away from e3 spoilers cuz we
want to watch it live and film our
reactions live so be kind who's in 15
minutes is that Microsoft I don't know
so we're system earlier yeah maybe
Bethesda who are Microsoft they're just
Bethesda
I can't go down
now this is where this dick was there's
also this how do I get to this look at
this what is the worst sequel in a
series template une Ghostbusters - or
predator to Temple of Doom is fine it's
completely Ghostbusters - Oh out of
those yes predator twos kind of schlocky
yeah so is pressure no well it's a date
you know a different kind of shock I
guess I need this guy like I can't get
to that I wanted I would subdue the
greatness of the first one sure
Ghostbusters - you know what I'll give
you that I'll give you that Ghostbusters
to you all the way I made a Ghostbusters
movie that's not especially quotable not
like the first one is were like every
damn line in the first line right no oh
I got a bastard sword a bastard sword I
got a Jon Snow sword it's a game of
Thrones reference Temple of Doom is just
different it's not indeed fighting Nazis
again which is good yeah yeah I'm with
you you're a bastard Jon Snow
not sure why Temple of Doom because as
much hate as it does the lady and short
round she's she's there doing a thing
with her she's a parody yeah but in
short round sure runs fine
what
I actually kind of like that Willie
Scott is the just the ultimate parody of
the damsel in distress who's screaming
constantly right who's just so
irritating she's the anti Marian she's
so irritating that you actually don't
want to rescue her that's the joke yeah
I'm with you
made it too far now I've made it too far
now where I will feel really bad if I if
I eat it and I might eat it
boom
repost okay okay what is this I don't
know I don't know if I want to enter the
fog I don't want to enter the fuck
anybody anybody I'm nervous about I've
now made it far enough where I don't
want to bet I don't want to go through
this all again okay oh you know which is
good we'll fight about oh I have fire
bombs that's true you um printed
anything in your character you know I
haven't been able to be you know oh my
god right and I have a I have what seems
like a lot of souls probably isn't no oh
god you know in the grand scheme of
things
you idiots he's blue stuff up thank you
for showing me that game by the way if
you hit certain barrels with fire you
blow up that was nice of the game to
show me that do you think the same she's
annoying as a joke it is like Bill
Paxton and aliens it's still totally
obnoxious see you're just wrong because
Bill Paxton in aliens is fucking great
whether he likes it or not just the role
he will be remembered for no matter what
he does
can't upgrade T beat the first boss I
would believe that whoever that does
something oh and now I kind of want to
go back I just did something I'm sure if
K says enter the fog
I need a death so I can take a drink
it's getting thirsty oh I'm sorry
leftover beefcake I am working it I
think this is the the way to go back to
open up that gate so you know what I'm
sorry
just take a drink you don't need to play
a game to take a drink you can just
drink because you know we're adults and
we do shit
rich which batman movie has come the
closest to replicating the greatness of
the animated series that would be Batman
mask of the phantasm for reasons that
should be obvious oh no no Oh fuckity
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
stop blocking down to people stop liking
other people stop blocking other people
stop blocking out of people look fuck
mr. smile says keep going down the
stairs for the short cuts I know I know
I know but I'm running away so I don't
die I fell down a long ways and now I'm
running away from the bad guys cuz I
don't want to die she old Jack still
getting used to this whole repost thing
riches the 1990 is overrated
everything except Nirvana alright
don't hit the red barrels don't hit the
red barrels ok ok I made it
ah I made it to the shortcut
I got the question regarding Willie
Scott you know yeah yeah
shouldn't it be obvious that I wouldn't
be annoyed by somebody with a loud
piercing screen right okay I got some I
got some stuff I got some stuff to wear
I got old ragged robes I will take them
old ragged gloves I will take them old
ragged boots I will take them I found
some pants rich oh wait I didn't equip
any of them can I not equip them wait I
got a ring the 80s were embodied by like
Back to the Future mm-hmm
the 90s were embodied by full house oh
why can't I wear these
blossom oh you blossom why can't I wear
these yet
well I can't wear those in okay but I've
unlocked the shortcut so that's helpful
feel good about that I did something
don't get that out of here oh wait now
well my health went up Oh cuz I'm
wearing that ring nice nice
all right rich we're doing something
yeah I'm making progress in this game
god damn it I feel pretty good about
that okay here we go
I thought 90s was friends uh yeah 90s
was friends hate friends I could see
that I'm okay with friends friendship
good sitcom if you're into sitcom if you
are into the formula that is sitcoms
friends that's what I'm talking about
what what the decade had I'm talking
about stylistically what is the
standard-bearer what is but when you
think of the 90s I think of crap like
full house when I think of the 80s I
think of stuff like Back to the Future
hmm sure I'm with you
full house
horseshit show
great great
what about mm mm the odds that's a dumb
name that's what they have they have no
identity that's what they have that be
all they have no identity
sure stylistically there's nothing that
stands out about the arts fuck not ready
to fight you not ready to fight you not
ready to fight you running away 50s had
their own distinct style the 60s did the
70s did the 80s did the nineties did not
uh-huh just a blur of existence sight
that's a nice dodge I felt good about
that until of course I everything I got
I got to get away from this guy
gotta get away from this guy oh I have
firebombs oh wait no no I want to heal
no fuck what did I do
sure the ox had the rama's fine around
movies I'm just saying stylistically
there indistinct he wants fuck
sure seventies you think bell bottom
pants disco no the colors yep eighty you
should think about you know the music
they have the eighties colors the
pastels the punk scene
which of course was the 70s too but you
know remembered more for the neon yeah
six days you think those those round
glasses hippies Beatles sure there's a
culture you can identify with the 60s
and the 70s and the 80s and the 90s you
know like is it weird that quite
possibly the biggest like remembrance of
the 90s fashion wise might be carving
shorts well you know I guess it's got a
style that stands out I guess grunge in
general yeah yeah what were the odds I
don't know skinny jeans cold spices
old Spice's culture is stupid we're just
talking about the fact that the odds
don't have like anything that
distinguishes them from other decades
that's all that's the only point I have
yeah I know that I'm not I'm not a
positive or a negative I'm just I find
it interesting that the odds are
indistinct and I think that's fair by
the way that's fair cuz it they are
largely unless someone can point to
something right now that that proves
otherwise
what does it check out 9/11 that's
that's an event that's not a style
what's that right I guess paranoia is
paranoia style it's something ken
paranoid be a style cuz that would be my
style surrendering our rights with the
Patriot Act baby maybe yeah I don't know
all good questions rich these are all
good questions mr. court says the
answers like he is like the musical
mashup style it's indistinct but it's
still a thing all right I'll take that
it's it is still a thing
that is true fucking cameras
yeah you know mashup is a style I
suppose so there you go that's what you
got hyperpolarized politics I think
that's kind of been around for a while
I'm not gonna call that new I don't know
if it's hyperpolarized because it's not
going to either pull I'm just going
further and further right yeah you know
what lefties have been losing lefties
have been losing their poll if they had
any to begin with I think you walk off
the ledge the far left is I think what
the center used to be shit shit fell off
the stairs
oh alright you can go ahead and fold
that out
I'm okay with that
blah barrels because they blow up
while those all my souls are right there
and I don't want to drag this into
politics just somebody brought that up
fuck twice now three times charm fuck
don't die don't die
maybe you shouldn't let yourself get
stabbed in the chest well I tried to
block and it didn't work or I did it
wrong which is probably more appropriate
pick up Souls pick up Souls where are
they did I pick them up
rich it's the other way around Oh
bullshit bullshit
if it were the other way around
we would be raising the minimum wage oh
you heal fuck you you heal of course you
heal
how did I beat him before favorite
customer says parrying is not blocking
what you trying I think they're saying
you're trying to use the parry 11 walk
no but like he's supposed to attack and
I parry and then that it's supposed to
knock them off guard so I can do the
repost and it's not with your timings
fucked up or you can't parry the
specific attack apparently don't know I
picked up my soul's ivory picked up my
selves before I died so I'm okay with
that
there ain't no but this is blocking this
is parrying and it didn't work with him
all right you know what it claimed it
claimed noised him all right
try it again try it again
these guys you can take anything these
guys are easy now I get that I'm here
with the easy guys
crescent moon grass yeah I here
I'm on
I'm both uh-huh right probably good it
did you well I got rid of one there we
go
I got behind that one fine it's fine
everything's fine everything's fine
everything's fine
definitely you know like it's it's
basically the 100% exact same mechanics
blood-borne has to offer I'm not as into
the world just because it's like you
know nights and Skellington z' and
whatnot and I I'm more a horror guy but
still a game I could get into there
they're not but it's early yet it is but
even like I felt early on in blood-borne
the ma I I was into the monsters just
cuz like you know just goes on the hard
guy that's the sound of looking for
right that clang
area all right
oh no not the clang is that booth that
I'm looking for maybe poof no your sound
effects can I sneak up on these guys do
you think the reboot culture will end at
some point can we can we say hope we
hope well that's not the question though
how many how many times can they remake
the same things do you really want to
make a third Robocop remake after the
second one was so horrible I guess the
first remake
so the first remake was so horrible do
you do it again I don't know they're
desperate for new ideas well well no I
know that's true
I think they're afraid to try new ideas
daddy know when they know they can make
money with proving one but look at your
asset world was proof of that
yep that's that name I know let's go see
that movie rich what you've just
embodied everyone in America yeah that's
that name I know you just did it so
perfectly and so succinctly this is your
power yep I like Robocop great this
sounds great after all these years and
you know it's not helping shit like that
Mad Max you know why cuz it's actually
good cuz then someone goes oh yeah just
like Mad Max that was a good one that
come from
no ideas are bit profitable I think of
me an eight-bit there are a gamble they
could be very profitable if you find a
good new idea yeah they could be bad if
they bomb or and really ideas are only
half of it it's also execution a bad
idea with good execution right movies
are a lot more expensive to make than
they used to be mm-hmm
I mean they're spending as much making
the movie as they make back with the
domestic profits right that's a lot of
money to spend on an unproven thing yes
it's just like with video games now all
right you fuck
for my soul's got to get my souls right
away
fuck will they reboot the moon-landing
wouldn't it be great if we went back out
into space yes yes that would be sort of
fucker on Mars
let's let's go back to work on that
biodome and let's put a fucking
Palomares yeah that'd be great
I got a throwing knife the jacker rich
get the crossbow this is all Jack and
Jack did you get the crossbow I did not
get a crossbow no crossbows Manhattan no
crossbows Ben hey I did get a throwing
knife don't know I use it necessarily
does it have to be in this hand yeah
you're right Caspar it is sad that space
travel is now part of nostalgia oh right
that is really sad yeah where's that
where's my fucking throw knives give me
a fucking space elevator will not be the
cool shit ever space elevator that would
be
a space elevator and some ion engines
and let's let's just let's just let's
just take over this whole fucking solar
system to see what happens let's you
know we've raped earth enough
let's rape the rest of the solar system
cuz I'm all for terraforming shit let's
let's make Mars just like fucking earth
yeah let's if we can let's make Venus
just like Earth why the fuck not no one
else is using it
just two fucking rocks if now they're
doing jack shit right and what has Mars
done for me lately let's give that shit
a breathable atmosphere fuck yeah that'd
be so that'd be so fucking hot whoa whoa
shove the planet course is full of
nuclear weapons it's just to reheat the
cores and get a magnetic field going
sure if that's how it works I don't know
how it works just throw all kinds of
fucking algae on there and make oxygen
fucking do it yeah do it
Oh fucking algae get out of here with
your fucking algae talk wouldn't you
love to live on on like like tightening
or Europa mmm just just live on a moon
going around Saturn wouldn't that be the
coolest fucking visual
look out you look out your window
there's a fucking giant planet there
with rings oh that would be great
that would be great let's get there
let's fucking get there there's a guy
like over here I'm sure of it I got some
yeah there is we already have ion
engines several probes and satellites
have them yeah but we need a fucking
ship that has people on them with ion
engines that'll take us out the galaxy
that's the other part of the equation or
at least a solar system that is the
other part of the equation
ah
one day it sounds like company
management just fucking terraform I
don't want to hear your excuses well cuz
you just know in the future assuming we
do try to go back out into space there's
gonna be some assholes like we gotta
leave these things alone like they
naturally were no let's let's take that
shit over it's a rock do something with
it
if I got a couple more souls I could get
a short spear
that'd be might be awesome grocery shit
let's hey let's grow some shit I need to
get some more Souls
there's nothing on Mars but Matt Damon I
get it I get it by the way if you're at
all interested in the Martian the book
or the movie yeah don't watch the
trailer for the movie because the
trailer fucking gives everything away oh
good I have not seen it you absolutely
everything is spoiled in the trailer oh
so avoid it that's too bad
nope nope
oh I don't have fire good fine
I keep thinking about reading the book
but I might want to watch the movie
first because usually it's good luck
yeah and usually the book is far better
than the movie and so it's like yeah I
watch the movie first and enjoy that
fuck you
I mean you could leave Mars alone the
lock that it is and like nobody would
ever be able to appreciate it ever will
be gone someday it's true I ever want to
be gone someday that's how nature works
I've seen nature before couple more
Souls and I combine like a spear or
something there's a lot of dudes over
here
rich we can't even fix problems here
white take them somewhere else because
because we need to grow but also you
know there is a we need to fix our
problems and we need to develop
technology and to grow as a species
there's a common good that people like
rallying around you know fuck besides
whatever whatever group colonizes Mars I
mean that's like a fresh start you don't
have to worry about what the problems on
Earth you can do it again you can do it
better it's a second chance you know
it's always nice as a people to have a
goal plus if you terraform a planet
you're gonna you're gonna care a lot
more about the environment that planet
is you spend fucking centuries making
that shit right and money ya spend money
may like earth we just got that
that's just free shit you know the earth
is like the family car that everybody
uses and nobody gives a shit about
taking care of it but if you invest
billions of dollars into Mars that's
that's like your Porsche yep and you're
gonna wax that shit every day what is
the UH what's the Lotus does it tell me
yeah
rich but aren't the planets and moons
fragile ecosystems that should be
protected as he cherished cherish from
far know the raw materials we need to
use them
oh this tells me what the stuff is heals
users bleeding who if I had bleeding
assurance the Nexus attracts those
hungry for souls are yeah throw a knife
great you know what I got now I got a
motherfucking a throwing knife three of
them pretty excited about that
fuck another one of you age 121 says
there is no way to make Mars livable
you're right we shouldn't even try let's
all just die on this planet
I can heal too motherfucker
fucking gotcha why not just blow the
planets off well we need something to
live off I know there's probably plenty
of fine materials in there we could use
but oh sure sure but I think the
asteroid builds I mean that's basically
you know what the asteroid belts are
that's really the material we you know
we live on the planets we do need some
sort of rock to stand on while we blow
up the planets yes unless we all live in
like spaceship colony cities okay I
might you might be selling me on this
blow up the planets rich Evans okay with
blowing up the planet is it is it is it
easier to blow up the planet but it is
the terraforming I don't know um you
need a lot of energy to blow up a planet
terraforming it oh look I have an arrow
in my head I have an arrow in my head oh
he's gone now
terraforming I feel like would yield
better results cuz there would be a
wider range of things that we could grow
on a planet versus then we can extract
from it okay okay that's that's my there
anything cool down there is that just
dudes to fight and probably just dudes
to fighting there is fog up here I'm
gonna go to the fog easier to build a
giant space Dyson well yeah but you'd
probably need to blow up plenty of
planets in order to have enough material
to build a giant space Dyson Sphere
Dyson Sphere you don't know what a Dyson
Sphere nope uh that's the concept if you
want to get every amount of energy the
Sun produces yeah you would need to
build a giant shell around the Sun or
around the solar system oh okay that
could collect every single bit of energy
that these sun expels sure all right
that's when you get into type three
Galactic Civilizations Oh
okay I'm with you I am with you
so this thing there's a guy you can meet
down there as part of a cyclist okay
yeah I'm coming down here I feel like
down here is the way to be did you see
all these guys down here you know
there's something right it's gotta be
something what about the precious
indigenous species on those planets well
it would be great if we could discover
one but I know I my gut tells me that at
least in this solar system we're alone I
don't I don't know that they're ever
going to find fossilized bacteria on
Mars I don't know you're not a guy I can
talk to I can lock on to you if you can
lock on to a guy you can kill them
that's rule number one
and even if they do find fossilized
bacteria Mars I doubt they're ever gonna
find anything living sure someone to
talk to they part not gonna find someone
to talk to on Mars mm-hmm they're
probably not gonna find something to get
infected by one of those fuckers hate
those fuckers
what sci-fi shows have a Dyson Sphere
the only one I know about is Star Trek
The Next Generation you only show those
head of Dyson Sphere okay that I know of
fuck you died fuck all the way back to
the fucking beginning
why not rich as far as as far as life
elsewhere in this solar system just just
my god
I mean I'm not backing that up and I
could easily be wrong just my gut tells
me I know that doesn't mean much that
don't mean much and if they did find
bacteria on Mars I'd be okay not too
shocking and also cool would be my two
responses to that just my cynical nature
I'm telling myself it's not gonna happen
not even fighting bacteria may be
fossilized I doubt they'll find anything
living
I died I know you know that isn't it the
case that the earth is at just the right
distance away from the Sun in order
preserve life well I think Mars and
Venus also fall in that Goldilocks zone
yeah
Mars can I think is nice they have in
the past
yeah and Venus may have before the
greenhouse effect basically melted the
planet I think I think without the
greenhouse effect Venus would be quite
livable well other than the lack of a
magnetic field that's a killer Venus
does not have a magnetic field I know
did not oh okay
I thought it did until somewhat recently
I'm just curious bother terraforming and
if it was even possible obvious sure and
then I read it didn't have a magnetic
sphere okay there you go and then at
that point that all fucking well I'll
just go back to Mars right
I just thinking what will be the blessed
best planet the terrible sure I mean
tomorrow
it's obviously mark yeah well I mean if
if Venus were to actually have a
magnetic field that's important you need
that I don't want to have to live
underground and in Bunker's you need
that I don't want to have to live in
mind yeah that is something that is
important to me I bet there's a way to
open up this thing that's what I want to
open up next
not living in a bunker is really
important to my goals as a person
come on out here and fight me you fucks
whoa not that way well this way
come out here dick but doesn't Venus's
atmosphere so thick that it doesn't need
a magnetic field that could be true but
then again I think if you're going to
terraform Venus you may need to do
something about the atmospheres I think
the pressure would just be too much heat
or no heat so you'd probably have to
find a way to siphon a lot of that off
anyway we're Toni feel about corn dogs
like hot dogs on a stick wrapped in a
cornbread deep-fried lousy Philistine
you know didn't know if he had any
strong feelings on corn dog I actually
do not okay you do not like corn dog
sorry just trying to break up the
planetary talk and we're just fine it's
not like I have anything better to talk
about 6969 barter for 20 yeah dearest
esteemed rich Evans yeah did you know
Bethesda is demoing do four at e3 right
now listen don't give us wait it's full
of devastating cinematic takedowns with
no player input and boasts four player
multiplayer
oh well I mean is that shocking to
anybody like its software they're
basically dead none of the same people
none of the people were gonna do for our
people we're working on doing more due
to a world possibly even doom 3 it's a
different company I mean Romero and
Carmack aren't even there anymore mmm
it's dead it is dead it is dead yeah on
that takedown thing oh that's so
disgusting
there's takedowns in in Bruhl doom I
don't use them you're stupid
anytime the camera leaves the
first-person perspective it makes me
sick I'm that's fair
hopefully they at least have the good
sense to not have regenerating health
and if like if I do for is like a cover
based shooter oh I can just go fuck
itself right to death right to death

[Part IV]
fuck
I don't even know if I'm gonna get to
the first boss is it that's fine
ah are you still enjoying yourself as
the question I like to I'd like to make
a little more progress but okay but okay
I just need to hold I'm just gonna sit
here for a little bit we need to take a
little breather
you take Bert just son you know we don't
have to take a break I just need to not
play for two seconds okay what's over
here have I ever been back here
oh this in a second I just want to lose
a glowy thing wait
I'm just gonna hide here okay I'm gonna
hide here in these barracks okay hey
everybody
I've been going at a pretty good clip
for demon souls I mean you know it's
it's all the same fighting hardness
world building that I enjoy with
blood-borne I don't enjoy the enemies as
much like the the zombie enemies I
thought were cooler we're more engaging
to me oh the controller yeah
must your soldiers I mean I just did
that's something I lost all my souls I
had I had over a thousand I had close to
2,000 souls and that could have bought
me some stuff at that creepy guy I was
trying to make it back to where do I go
to change the camera the look invert
system the book no the book oh two
semicircles Oh rich needs glasses Jack
is using his shield but it's you know
it's almost as if the game is hard I do
not think it sucks I did
I don't enjoy the world as much as the
horror world of blood-borne and and the
world is kind of what gets you through
the rough patches it's the it's the
exact same as blood-borne it's the exact
same combat it's the exact same
everything just not what's that well
that just takes you back to the the the
hunters dream
let's - there you go
and then it's our to the big or the LT
the Big L sugar that uh that uh you know
is your gun
what's lock on huh what's lockup are
three okay that's the same right yeah
you can take over anytime oh sure
no and Krieger I brought up corn dogs
while playing it because rich had spent
the last 45 minutes talking about
terraforming planets and I thought it
would be funny to talk about something
so simple and dumb like corn dogs that
was that's what we call a joke and I
thought it was a pretty good one it was
it was amusing rich was talking about
corn dogs for an hour a night or talking
about planet terraforming for a
neuropsych talk about interesting stuff
and so I'm just like her corn dogs you
know Oh press press down on the d-pad
oh wait well I'm gonna have to kill this
guy half one crash half moon grass
that's a healing atomy a firebomb
it's my throwing knife yeah she only got
four oh they have more but they don't do
much well something although they not in
your slaughters Oh for half moon grass
yes I get it now you're a you're correct
oh you only have four yes
well you know that Colonel Mustard but
Krieger Krieger if you were being
sarcastic do we need to bring up the
fact that you can't read sarcasm in
texts because that was a whole thing if
you remember a bunch of guys with fire
swords that's fair
context food Jack what context clues you
you said you said I wasn't paying it
that sounds like something that someone
would be saying to you know what Krieger
it doesn't matter I'm I'm sorry you're
sorry everybody sorry fuck fuck
everything fuck you we're all good
everyone's friends well good everyone's
friends everybody's friends everybody's
friends all the time except for the Mars
men poor mad that I want to terraform
their planet right the people who live
on the ground in Mars
zombie brogue Sambi grood rogue group
zombie and yeah gobbledygook sigh do i
do assume like my default is assuming
people are sarcastic that's how i
default on the internet except for that
time oh my god just saying just saying
yes and of course she's just saying you
just said it
slave she sounds terrible
yeah yeah it sounds WAY worse than the
shield you have right now huh how do you
know shit I can only imagine they
wouldn't give a super nice shield to his
leg
no you give you shit you slaves great
shields they're your they stand in line
in front of you they protect you know
they're the they're cannon fodder give
them something they hold up if they
think of you give you give or you know
you give this you the the shitty shield
huh the paid soldier this the slave that
you own and is a tremendous investment
you want to protect that investment
hmm that's that's money right there I'm
not making anything if he dies now that
paid soldier dies that mercenary yeah
then you just don't have to pay him
unless you paid him upfront
yeah shield gets the slave gets the good
shield that's the lesson
these levels are terrible zombies jump
out behind wooden stacks that are there
for no reason well the wooden stacks are
there for example jump out behind come
on yeah yeah I have green grass good
shit touch your blood rich touch your
blood-stained touch it yeah there's more
enemies like this is the long way around
the the stairs which you are the fast
way to get to where I was you know that
is free Souls
that right there is free souls link oh
right there free sounds like no not only
have we not beaten the boss yet we
haven't even gotten to the boss yet you
say we I didn't just start playing we as
a stream have not done oh my god oh my
god yeah rich I don't know what we're
gonna do about that
I mean this half-year fault now you're
playing you've taken you've assumed
responsibility its 130th my fault
barbarians smash Barbaria smash Metal
Men blowing up planets terraforming
plants make their fields yeah yeah yeah
science man yeah you were sciencing
you're a science thing I haul up in my
demon souls room what a brought Pluto up
they were a fucking genius
which is kind of hacking and slashing
his way through this I like it like it
crescent moon grass motherfucker that
does not heal you as much as half a moon
grass
bt-dubs oh go should I used to I used to
damn it that way but there's a guy over
there what if I bought from the sales so
far I forget I bought four or five games
I mean most of them were like for a buck
and a half which is why I decided to buy
them anything huh yeah I'm sure there's
a couple guys in there nice fire throw
asshole
the one I remember is called the
nightmare cooperative and it was like a
tile based movement game with like some
strategy elements which looks fun to me
I probably will end up not liking it
because necessarily like those kind of
games but it looked fun and it was a
buck and a half there's a couple things
on my wish list that were like a buck
and a half for bucks and a guy just
bought the shit out of them
bought the shit right out of them look
come on man
what you could do what you could do
I think he's just gonna stay on shooting
arrows I think you want to go the other
way oh and after the
right right
oh that's nice half green grass yeah
waiting mmm Oh if you don't want to go
that way by the way no don't don't go
because there's a real badass down there
okay there's a there's like a for-real Z
badass down there for realsies
yes for real Z bad and now here's a kind
of badass you got to be real careful
with them guys pussy huh guys you think
all right if rich is gonna beat him so
quickly it's gonna make me look awful is
it bad that I'm hoping you die to him
bitch huh yeah you want to go that way
yeah
that's the top of the you know you're at
the bottom of those stairs
that was the fast way goodness okay this
is the way to go shortcut huh this is a
shortcut
well that that what you were just
looking at was the top of the shortcut
and so now you're back on track to kind
of where I was oh I missed a shortcut
yeah I told you the stairs with the
shortcut room what service you were at
the bottom of stairs the guys with the
fire swords oh that was a shortcut night
mister finish the fire source yeah I
don't know okay I think I misunderstood
I think you wanted me to avoid the fire
sword guys oh okay I thought you're
telling me it's long way around but I
thought you're saying but no did you
want oh I misunderstood I'm with ya
yep the old hit and run
hey works absolutely whoa this is fun
it's a good game it's it's a solid
battle mechanic that they've done time
and time again they've done has it
worked but it constantly rewards you for
playing the game you know like what's
this there's this guy who's selling your
stuff for souls he'll tell you equipment
and whatnot I can't find much for a
dealer I don't think so
there was a there's a spear for 1,500
and there was a crossbow for 2,000 and
some like an armor and stuff we have
armor but we can't wear it yet for some
reason I think that's yeah that could be
a spring thing if you find some more
Souls ego is double back and
yeah are you meaning like light attack
or heart attack like light kill em quick
absolutely shoots things the guys up
upstairs shoot crossbows him come to me
mmm-hmm the guys upstairs shoot
crossbows oh nice
which Evans is kind of killing it I like
beating people death end of comment yeah
if you go down if you go over there well
you can go up in there uh there's a
harder blue guy again
and another crossbow guy okay and you
can go down and there's a big there's a
bunch of guys and that's kind of where I
died in last night up is some more I'll
get some more nightmare fog so we do we
know where bosses I believe it's up I
believe bosses apparently down was
another guy whose things you were
looking for another guy there's a guy I
was looking for guys I was looking for
dudes
nice nice rich just borked forked yeah I
have no idea but I like it
and family and board nice yeah here's
some fog we haven't been through here
yet and not much all right right right
wait look back at that oh oh oh the
fucking dragon that's fucking great
there's a guy coming towards you
so focus on that dragon Jack right Oh
I think if you I guess wait till you're
done with these dudes oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh shit oh fucking shit
fuck fuck shit Wow okay oh fuck shit oh
fuck shit shit fuck shit fuck and you
know I was I was going to tell you to
turn around cuz I think there's a thing
in there but I just thought it was like
a like a pickup item and so I was like
oh I deal with the guys first yeah and
then get the pickup item but as it turns
out it was a deadly trap and they say
see rich that's why Rumble is not
useless did you feel them Rumble before
you then again my battery will last
longer than two hours so I feel like the
trade-off is worth it rumbles on I mean
the only thing sure it's up according to
the game is on
I'm not gonna shut off in the system oh
okay
I hate from right
oh they're saying with Rumble
what you still ok with no I'm still okay
with that yes oh thank your leftover
beefcake Jack deaths equals four rich
depth equals no rich has more than one
death that's that's tuna that's two for
rich now
and possibly coming up on a third
the Phoenix I would love it if this club
had spikes on it big dumb spiky club I'd
love that gorg hit monster
fook facce hits monster because that's
his name full fat chain that's what I
named him fu ck f a CAG fuck fuck fuck
fuck shit clerk clerk no like folk watch
a what if his name is glory kook facce
glork of house fook watch a give me
something here it's working you do
that's true that's true
I'm just gonna deal with this flaming
guy's life early I should have the first
time around yeah I mean it's kind of
horse peas these guys kind of line up
nice for you which is great and overall
it's quicker ascent yeah hold down
circle okay
oh my god
oh my go over it you're doing great I'm
doing awful you're learning you're
learning the game I hadn't like a couple
hours on me and I was still doing awful
would you only died four times that's
what they're saying that's what
beefcakes am that's amazing yeah all
that all that blood-borne training what
the fuck was that
oh you killed somebody
oh speaking of I do have a thing that
will set my club on fire my boy all the
way up yeah you're going all the way you
don't want it yet obvious right but
before you go like too far in we should
I said that to the quick Hughes equip
thing which the thing that says club on
fire okay I mean this guy yeah cool
Lorde's squish this is blorch him to
death and then that's the art crater
cool alright nice you blorch to that
mother flubber right to death oh you
know what I wanted to talk about what
put the chat with rich if he's paying
attention they announced Nintendo Direct
had a Smash Brothers directs and they
announced some DLC for Super Smash
Brothers oh my god and part of the DLC
is they announced that Ryu from Street
Fighter is coming to Super Smash
Brothers I know I know rich you're very
very excited here's the big important
thing is how much and and this is me not
knowing anything about fighting games in
general how much is do you think the DLC
is for Ryu and his stage still yes sure
I wasn't expecting that much it's six
dollars six dollars for just one fighter
in one stage okay yeah I'd just seen too
much for me someone was asking me I'm
one of the things the twits who this
steam chat or something you know if I if
I was gonna get the writer and I was
just like six bucks for one character
does not seem worth it one character in
one stage you know but according to him
that's pretty standard for fighting game
DLC like three to six bucks for a
character
series of characters right right so I
think six bucks is too much but I'm not
a fighting game guy and like if I you
know if I played smash brothers everyday
and was you know looking to eat out so
it important for him Oh work him harder
fuck yeah he he Bork's you harder rich
and even reposting at all okay you're
just working great rich the board
blood-borne I don't bother reposting the
underlies sure just the trolls and the
bosses yep yep just Patrol it's ultra
effective sure it's not worth the risk
of taking a lot of damage against weaker
rama's sure
bloodwork I like that blood board well
when you won do you want to get back
home
sure you go you go one more life okay
and then I'll go I'll go a couple more
lives and then we're gone okay we
started a reasonable time today and so I
started before you got you started five
minutes before I got here it's not like
you were screaming for hours before I
got here you could have waited five
minutes I did say I would be here at
around 6:00 and I was here at 6:15 I had
start late
we have a new twitch title for soonish
what
that's us oh I wait what go into ways
anyone coming running at you right now
okay go press Start go into your
inventory equipment and then you can
fill the slots over there
so you might have some not filled in
late moon glass grass is a healing atom
turpentine is that thing that says your
thing on fire
I know it's turpentine and yet it's
starting to get cool
calling it is for wusses now we got you
know been playing wow I like it but also
I can understand that it might be ultra
frustrating just to watch two guys die
over and over again you know I want to
choose it
oh you fucker did he get you yeah as I
was dodging oh it's the worst one just
like the the derp underling gets it dirt
blood dirt
oh fuck
but that late moon grasses the shit oh
that's the healing stuff to use nice
nice
really what I'm wondering what I've been
trying to figure out in my in my
crocodile brain has had I've been a
person who was really into oh my god oh
my god is that how did he do that it was
like his sword was bouncing off the wall
and hitting you repeatedly anyway if if
I was a person who was really into demon
souls when it came out and I could you
know obviously this is a it was a cult
classic and I could see someone being
really into this as I'm really into
blood-borne now how would I feel about
Dark Souls or book 1 because it's it's
essentially the same game with the new
skin yeah
that's a question for the chat I guess I
said if anyone in the chat here was
super into demon souls how do you feel
about the other game just kind of
sequels or or do you feel like a little
Nintendo itis where it's just the same
thing with a new skin that's my big
question cuz it like I can appreciate
this now it's like oh it's you know it's
protoblood board but I can only imagine
someone who's really into this taking
offensive that favorite customer says
you would feel like they're the best
things ever and you would only want more
more more more of the same love it what
do you mean then ii do pretty good now
i'm getting my ass kicked
yeah what am i doing wrong i I wish I
could tell you you know what I'm
probably being too confident yeah that's
probably it
all right I'll do that
except porch sure riser Greece says
you'd love both like me and you'd still
hate Dark Souls - apparently that's the
that's the bad one
soon the Spurlock
you you they won't blow up for you I've
hit them before the red barrels yeah
they won't blow for you only if you have
a fire sword then the blob
whoa fuck fuck
that was annoys nice nice just hit and
run I agree Kozma I like the monster
design a blood-borne more the world on
the monster design is near my thing I've
watched some more monsters before I make
that determination in this game
yeah the monsters are great in
blood-borne very lately those villager
guys those villager guy I mean better
than these scaling
whoopsies yep see night guys well I'm
like with the dragon and you know we
kind of thought that like ogre that
winged - ogre in the beginning it all
feels very medieval and I'm not a huge
medieval II fan yes I'm just saying for
me you know what what weapon your only
weapon well we have we do have other
weapons
oh it's probably doing ship damage
because it broke dammit we have a
bastard sword we have oh we have another
club - apparently we have a bastard oh
wait wait you might want to look at
those stats
well much like blood-borne you can equip
two different hand you know so you want
to remove that Club no matter what no
shit good here we got your other club
shit yeah
the bastard sword has you know right now
you have the Broken Sword equipped I
think oh no you have the mail breaker
sorry okay so red is attack I don't know
what green is white is the health of the
weapon and I believe the yellow is like
how fast it swings alright so the higher
the number the slow in swings you aren't
strong enough to use the bastard sword
okay get out of it get out of there
get you can get out of here - yeah okay
so now press the right button on the
d-pad and Oh
wait what
you're like blocking with it ability
shortage what handle just what's chance
I'm gonna sing things that are useful
hold on
maybe Oh No
there how did you do that what button
depressed to you two hands there was a
button I'm using the shield Oh triangle
triangle oh now you have the broken
sword triangle is how you use two hands
okay okay okay we're getting there yeah
you definitely don't with the broken
sword
oh you have the bastard sword equipped
oh you just you just put it in the
shield and again that's it okay well no
take it out of your shield
so just how do I get out of it hold on
oh wait wait wait wait what are you
doing
nope you ask a question okay so go over
to the other sword the little sword and
hit triangle or a square hit square it's
work yep okay now you're good
no I'm good well waiting yeah bastards
oh no you know you unequipped it so yeah
now hit I want that on the right hand
yeah yeah now you're good hit X hey good
negative okay now press triangle to use
it two handed all right thank you all
right we did it we did it everybody
sorry sorry about that see how well this
works
yep
oh sorry Tiberius Kirk that was like
watching someone teach their grandma how
to play Mario Brothers but that's yeah
that's how it's how it works sometimes
it's how it works sometimes you're just
gonna have to get over that Jack didn't
land me with a weapon that was almost
broke I didn't know I would've been in
the same boat as you also we have
another Club you know oh oh oh Jesus
Christ where are you I'm somewhere
different oh this might have been where
I died before
nice alright alright
okay wait don't go that way what was
that way huh I think they're more dudes
that way and I think if you go the other
way there's like a you can open up a
gate or something how do you know that I
don't know I don't know for sure is the
answer I don't know where you are maybe
not
oh this is like that optimal quest they
were talking about
I believe you
no doctor can lock onto my thanks feel
free I must draw them you're worrying
you couldn't take those guys who you get
a breast oh that's really funny oh yeah
follow him maybe he'll fight more dudes
follow them out why is it going
if you go oh now he's fighting dudes
double-team haha sucker duck
oh yeah
okay dudes
and a glowing thing Oh precious glowy
things well you're late oh please you
must not oh no I thought we were allies
no he's fine he's fine everything's fine
huh oh yeah
nice
what you get close the glowy thing shard
of sharp stone nice I got a number of
them whatever those are I say stick
around this guy see if he leads you
anywhere faster no you can't now I must
go there is something for me to take
care of if anything he'll just distract
people are careful not to hit him right
I want to aggravate that dude no cuz
wanna shoot a fucking armor yeah
and he just can't handle basic zombies
well I've seen it maybe like maybe if
you following him like unlock a door or
something you know maybe that's his only
use where are you going I'm waiting them
to him
nice oh no I was asking him where he was
going he's just wanders around after you
I guess
fuck so much my strategy yep
wolf nice wolf no your swords distance
rip rich a sharp stone is one of the
million kinds of upgrade materials like
blood stones except you will never ever
figure out how to upgrade things oh nice
oh yeah apparently he just wanders
around on there he doesn't lead you to
anything that was called my double
dodged backstab oh yeah yeah ooh
arrows that's what I do want I want a
double dash backstab nice nice nice nice
oh yeah oh fuck
well it's a funny BJ I just you know you
can't take a story folks
I like the host or like science you're
like historical let's talk about hatbox
it's not specifically corndogs
oh no just you know it's just a funny
reference I was laughing because it was
a good reference okay okay that's
acceptable
what the fuck was although it was that
just him dying yeah oh no oh my Jesus
Christ I thought you were gonna die
you need to heal some motherfuckers shit
I know I know oh my god oh my god oh my
god I think I think yeah the our time in
blood-borne has at least given us a
reference for the controllers we need
for this so it makes it a little bit
easier on us alone right you have enough
souls where you could probably double
back and go buy some shit if you wanted
to I mean it's not that far away what
can I buy you could buy like a crossbow
my crossbow wait is there can you hit
that now get out the way nice nice I bet
that'll kill all those assholes now
that's how you do it
learnin oh my god there's a dragon rich
what's the chat saying there's
definitely something I should buy
Krieger says push forward alright
so gobbledygook says Jack to ever feel
like playing around with all these
mediocre games means you're missing out
on a quality relationship with a really
good one like what that's a one what do
you mad we're not playing now no I you
know like for example I would love to
have a deeper relationship with
blood-borne don't necessarily have the
time I've heard you know witcher 3 has
some really fun stuff oh my god i'm sure
this is about what you're 3 which i've
said i just don't have the time to play
you know i don't know how different is
the combat system in witcher 3 than the
witcher 1 are you going to write to the
dragon i don't know i just wanna get to
a save ii thing oh god yeah I mean
you're not gonna do that
why not I don't know over here I like
hopefully you'll get close to some sort
of there was an oh my god nope nope nope
all those dudes behind shields there was
another thing like another shortcut that
needed to be opened up where this dragon
I'm running oh my god no I don't know
where I'm gem just saying like in
general there was another shortcut that
needed to be open up so there is some
exploring to do this way yes this is
both of our first times playing Demon
Souls do you blame me
no every every time you should do that
every single goddamn time oh okay you
this is a dragon that's two dragons this
is two dragons this is gonna be death
right yes Jesus Christ get the fuck out
of there see if he is look around in
that area before you get to the bridge
see if there's another way to go down
I'm not there and I go back to inside
the castle
huh let's go way around right here okay
there's a thing see I found a thing jack
I found a glow anything powerful McGrath
okay no foo-foo mowing grass were you
having its full moon no no no it's just
it wasn't really worth it is frightening
that is frightening
yeah see if there's like some stairs
that take you down somewhere down yeah
see if there's any stairs to take you
down hide me huh the way I came oh yeah
I know but I mean just in general no I
guess not
was there another doorway over there on
that fin path no I guess not
all right all right yeah all right yeah
go across the bridge I guess
don't you ever poopoo full moon grass my
children's
oops god that's good can't the dragon
just take care of him
I like how slow the arrows move that's
helpful
fire throwing asshole
man I'm into this I feel this rich I'm
feeling it oh no I'm feeling like the
tension of the game no here's what I
mean the excitement in here is palpable
the excitement in here is Palpatine
you can do over it you can do it no am I
supposed to go this way check it's it's
this way or it's it's dragons this way
seems preferable to dragons unless we
just don't know what we're doing we of
course we don't like them of course we
don't know dude that's the game rich
that's if there's anything we've learned
from blood-borne it's learned by failure
learn by hilarious failure he's that
dude oh my god oh my god so you have to
like jesus H Christ
which way do you fucking go then this
way rich you have to go just wait till
he wait till he does his fire and run
fucking past
right losing is fun every death is a
teachable moment oh my god
hold on circle the run yeah you heard it
here first rich is gonna bait the dragon
nope alright fuck it
charge Leroy does Jenkins Jenkins my
past and my past me keep going keep
going
I got this you got this I got this dog
don't worry rich just dogged me great
you got it you got it can you smash up
in that door oh is that it is that the
is there a shortcut there's a there's a
lever did you do what you do I told the
love
Oh
oh I bet that opens the big-ass gate
nice rich you did it oh my god oh shit
fucking spazzy fucks
oh fuck oh fuck that was a good run
though right yeah you did it I have a
fire-breathing dragon to get taken out
by some slobs here it is the first boss
gotta be right
just run it pass all these assholes
I don't care about anything Isis well
the big thing is open yeah I'm going
right to the big thing Jack gets the
glory no I'm gonna get the first day
jack gets the glory
shit shit shit shit shouldn't have been
doing this right now what the fuck what
the fuck is this that's a monster
just find a sword or something I'm
assuming not what is what is it
blood-borne talk about being aggressive
huh what is blood-borne tight your penis
oh don't but don't be aggressive with
bosses well it depends on the boss
bloodborne has taught me to get behind
it shit
and not lock on that's that's always my
big problem with us is like I keep
walking on don't walk on I walk on all
the time that's fine yeah I know what
you're talking no I only running I don't
know if you know what you're talking
about that that could be we're saying
it's weak to fire oh do I have that
thing you know saving it for a boss
cause that one monster is just a
portable this is a horde of little ones
it's a horde of little monsters that
like throw spears edges
there's my plan take him out yeah one
big hit and they take out one heavy
swing full charge they're just regular
heavy swing she's right here this is my
plan it's not very uh hope that's the
front of them Dell different for you in
the front of you in the back of them
just to make a difference yeah front has
a shield on it see run away into a pole
this is my plan Circle Circle and pick
off the weak the weak ones
he's doing the do
doing the do they're not spawning that's
that's something I guess I learned I
know it seems like there's less of them
on him you know like more than blue is
showing up maybe or I'm completely wrong
a couple of them
like I wanna I want to make a big attack
to the to the big guy but you know I
just know that's a mistake if that feels
like a mistake you know I have done no
damage on him so far I was like that
dun-dun-duh l'hermite says flank him
hunker down then get in the roof like
first of all you're funny unless you're
not being funny he's their various Kirk
says no Jack that's not the boss you're
hitting it's meaningless infinite
spawning oh well okay then fuck then mr.
shy smile says no they are not
responding see you guys see why it's
hard to listen to you I don't think
they're responding there seems to be
less of them there seems to be less of
them
yeah I agree outside that doesn't have
shield monster I got it look I got him
down a little bit
I did or with the fire bomb yeah
he'll yes behind a pillar I like this
yeah yeah yeah I can do with you
mr. glitch says I've never played this
game listen to my advice
hahahaha okay mr. glitch who's healed
huh he's healing he's doing that
fuckface be aggressive
besides you keep attacking that side
he's weak on that side there's no
monster yeah but the months ago the
monsters are coming rich huh I don't
think he's healing I could tell that the
bar was more full than it was earlier I
think you're waiting too long
bad things are gonna happen yeah that's
always a possibility
halfway down you don't get about this
feeling good about this and before you
go back to the hunters dream that's not
the hunters dream yeah you're gonna have
to go look for my souls oh god shit
that's not what I wanted to do
see I think you want to pick off the
little guys because they like rehung car
on him okay yeah yeah and then they they
kind of shield them
are you him right there where's the
giant open space oh yeah listen I'm here
now
get out of here get out that's good
that's good
felt good about that felt good about
that generate stamina oh shit
thank you gonna do it huh I think you're
gonna do it I feel I feel good I feel
good about my progress so far
I just bomb the shit off
big thing happen guys no you weren't
what you weren't oh there we go one more
one more
ah great shot of shop stone now do you
want to try and find my souls oh your
question you got 2500 here's here's the
thing you didn't open up I think if you
would have kept going you would have
opened up the door that was over on this
side okay if I have to get yours back I
have to go like I have to go back to the
dragon again okay you know okay so I'm
gonna say fuck dad all right that's my
plan at least is just to say fuck that
yes
I mean I'm pretty okay and anon that's
fine that's fine that felt like it that
felt like a nice ending point yeah whoo
whoo that's that's the best I can do
I'm sorry check I'm dying just I just
I'm not I'm not very passionate person
oh do they even have a doll here ah the
monumental awaits the above she's got
nice her sure her eyes could use a
little work you know I just don't want
her looking at no other dudes I love
that I love how much work you need to do
just to get a basic explanation of where
you are you know like we'll tell you
about the game maybe in a couple hours
you fucker where did you find that sword
huh where did you find that big sword I
just picked it up somewhere but like
this guy he's the blacksmith he can
repair your weapons or like making new
ones yeah yeah I just picked it up all
right Gork say khob I know Gork of
housefull Koch a fuck fuck you say
goodbye thank you for coming out you
want to read these yes as I blew
people's ears out you did where did we
end up fresh beat a dick punch that's
where we left off yes okay we have spec
I'm gonna do thing we're gonna do a
thing
what are you trying to do
oh my god I'm trying to get that inch
stream oh I see nice work not gonna work
all right we have specks poor Jack in
disguise Mario Mario 42 gronke present
one ox pox grungy people people Quinnie
gronke peep Quinn ah Thank You L nunc oh
one cold
Oh L Ronco it's very far away from me l
Ronco stick management stick Mandarin
Dave ah oo 5 spaced man and Hunchback
Jack thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it it's true we
really do oh oh no I thought you were
just pausing for a comedic effect yes
but I was also waiting prompting ah I
didn't know yes I did not pick up on
your cue I know just didn't oh can I say
oh sure I you know what the rest of the
stream will be a spoiler
