Apr 15, 2015
No More Heroes
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4667378
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4669267
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4669581
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOZohlv4xDo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvyL4LusKac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbsl0pQVRhU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/588444651788500992
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/588494964545323009

[Part I]
my voice is too low because this mic is
piece of shit
and there's nothing I can do about that
well what the fucks are always louder
than me
I can't turn the mic up the mic is all
the way up the mic has turned up to 11
the mic has turned up to 11 and it
refuses to get any louder it refuses to
get any louder at all
alright I'm flying no more heroes and
I'm gonna be you don't want this rich
solo stream so I'm gonna be pretty quiet
anyway for a while so it is what it is
we'll talk about the terrible mic once
oh wait no I don't want a New Game+ I
want a new game and that's that's
obviously the new the the light saver he
has wanna skip past all this
and try to tell it to start a new game
from scratch for crying out loud
nothing is going right
yeah I don't want a New Game+ I just
want to do fresh game okay
okay don't worry girls can we can we do
that
what do I think of BuzzFeed using the
dicta birthday boy feature I had a pic
picture I don't even know BuzzFeed was
doing that as far as the no death status
of this run if it happens great but if I
die I'm gonna keep playing so that's the
plan I'm gonna try to not die but I
might and if I do well just fuck it
the gig assassinate the drifter so I
went where I was supposed to and waited
for the guy to show up and there he was
this cat well-dressed cool couldn't tell
if he was the shit or just plain aim
Sylvia Kristel an agent with his watch
my college association how about getting
readers the 10 killers above you and aim
for the top it's gonna be a long
what do you say bro join me let's see
how far we can take this
fuckhead
yo help me out here where's this
death-metal dude bad answer it's game
time alright so now I turn the game down
again we'll get there we'll get there
what I here's the thing here's the thing
here's the funny thing I did some checks
before this I did like a test recording
everything sounded fine I was a little
bit quiet but not unreasonably so and
the game volume was perfect relative to
me now I got it now we got the game
volume halfway before we're above and
where I change to the first time between
the too loud and the too quiet
hopefully it's good now I stopped it you
know what I'm gonna assume anybody
asking me to turn up the microphone now
is is just being a jerk I can't turn the
mic up for people who are just coming in
I cannot turn my mic up I might just end
this damn stream I might just end this
damn stream and go get my mic that I
need to wrap the towel around my head
for that's the only other option I can
think of doing should I do that
should I do that I don't know what else
to do
all right Mike is fine how's the game
audio now is the game audio okay I found
the sweet spot for the game audio I
would leave you but I would be coming
back after I get the old broken mic that
works better game audio is fine all
right I'm gonna I'm gonna continue as if
everything is fine my own headphones I'm
going through this game because my
headphones it's okay
as far as why I'm playing on my oldest
because I'm starting a new game from
scratch
turn the line down on the TV just a
chance the TV fast-paced action games no
down by fucking bullshit sound issues
see my last mic the one that you wanted
physically broke your earphone broke up
right
that was awesome a totally different
model of Turkish but it was a turtle
beach
people think I hate everything there are
things I like this and all of the music
contained within our sum
I think I think I could turn subtitles
on yeah just to make sure you can hear
it I'm turning the we load speaker off
that should come through the rest of the
rest of the audio jack will be here at
8:30 he has children
and that sounds like like a terrible
thing having children sounds awful
sounds like I've ruined your life it's
like it's like a stranger straitjacket
that you have to wear for 18 years
two straight jackets they require
constant attention
after I get the cherries
I always end up getting the power-ups
when three of a kind you get a different
color long-range energy blasts the
cherry speed-up time
where's the balance
I'm going I'm going to attempt to make
this ain't no death run but no
guarantees that's gonna happen and if I
die
for every triple7 you get don't use but
if I were to hit the minus key
usually you don't get this video
that'll be here around 8:30
that's the guy I gotta fight painting on
the wall
it's gonna shake hayloft you're gonna
have a painting of yourself made you may
as well work why not why not
suggest
yeah
it's stylish death
it's not always
ah goddamn it No More Heroes is there's
there's a version of it available on the
PlayStation 3
it's called No More Heroes paradise I
don't like the controls as much for the
regular controller I think this game
controls really good with um what the
Wemo I hate the way they make you do the
finishing moves
so that is that is Silvia she she runs
the the assassins association that does
the assassin this rankings she's the
girl you stumbled upon in the opening
cutscene of this game
you get to every boss and they do they
do give you a new wrestling move in the
I mean it's kind of silly because you
don't it's somewhat random I think I
think where you're standing when you do
a wrestling move might affect which one
you use the person you're doing it on
but it's kind of and you save them see I
have beaten I have beaten bitter CBB
rank clear not be ranked be difficulty
you know that means go fuck yourself
it's fine
five years ago a six 2007
quite beautiful wouldn't you say paid
for with the lives of many when you have
the strength to take life for yourself
that is true I am free of desire so long
as I have this scenery to look upon I
need nothing more please leave me you're
the one leaving in a body bag I'll only
say this once more leave yeah no huh me
leave you obviously don't know me you
don't get it do
hey you know what paradise is right
paradise this is paradise the place
where dreams are fulfilled well you've
had your dream old man time to wake up
this is no paradise all right then what
is it huh I'm glad you and I are on the
same page here
so no you have no idea do you
what a pity
arrogant crude little shits like you
come around from time to time listen
well the wall is high you can take that
to your grave okay my turds are green I
am not skipping any cutscenes in this
masterpiece
son of a bitch
you're joking right I don't care about
titles or power I just want to be number
one then most of the ways of the
assassin here's your ticket to paradise
right now about Frank be I'm damage
taken that's nice but clear time isn't a
I'm happy with that
all right to answer a question I saw in
the chat earlier no there there are no
stop-motion segments and space cops
whoever told you there's a hidden Darth
Vader in a stop-motion segment and space
cop they're just like they're just nice
kill Travis I didn't think you had it in
you it was rather exciting
congratulations you are now ranked tenth
how about some cash that should help you
busy bills I'm not feeling the sense of
accomplishment that I should so I just
got to do this a few more times right
yes and you will keep your promise the
Association cannot do and if I refuse as
the 10th ranked assassin you are now a
target for those who want to replace you
anytime anywhere
number 11 could be right around the
corner ready to put a knife
so what you're telling me is that I got
to continue fighting there's no way out
of this you set me up bitch quit your
bitching and get with the program
there's only one road out of here No
okay how about this if I become number
one will you do it with me
hmm maybe come on just once there we
have our character motivation
Travis Travis is going to kill the
world's top ten ranked assassins because
he might get laid it's great and it's
character motivation Jack would love it
Travis isn't stupid person and the
chalices have stupid he's just kind of
oblivious he doesn't care about anything
but himself and that that comes off as
being stupid it's just it's just extreme
self-centeredness I think Jack does hate
this game I was making a character
motivation joke it's a fart it's a far
escape thing with him am i ready anytime
gotcha
so those different things you can do in
the apartment there's clothes just like
ton of clothes you can buy in this game
I'm just I'm going to avoid a lot of
that just for for time sake I'm not
gonna grind for money to buy new clothes
I might I might buy one or two of the
jackets I like but I'm gonna I'm gonna
keep it pretty simple I only got one
difference my pair of sunglasses I can
wear the first game they're all
basically just Rhys kins on the same
clothes models
I think they figured if they gave Travis
a head he would be slightly slightly
less unlikable
the next fight has been arranged you
don't have a lot of time so I'll just
tell you what you need to know the ninth
ranked assassin is currently dr. peace a
doctor actually a detective a dirty and
unscrupulous detective with plenty of
dark secrets about him illegal
investigations illicit sales black
marketing he is your one-stop-shop for
marketing illegal goods in on top of
that he is a trained assassin he's been
doing some work for the Mafia and before
you know it he's up there ranked ninth
on the list to be frank he's good you
won't stand a chance against him you're
as good as dead what's it going to be
cowboy put me in coach $150,000 what a
hundred and fifty thousand lbs your
entry fee my overhead costs don't tell
me that you were not expecting so many
zeros on that price oh is that I am
ripping you off or some shit we have an
elite staff in the thousands personally
I think it's a bargain okay I got you
but you really think I got that kind of
dough on me what the hell am I supposed
to do you are supposed to do your job
you've been hired to kill someone so
just do it in quit your whining Plus on
the job training would be good for you
if you're interested I can introduce you
to an agent an advertisement agency but
really they're erasers I'll tell you
later I'm running late for my facial
catch up later okay
no yes yes Chad she is a gold digger and
that's that's why I love Sylvia she's
she's a great character she's a great
foil for Travis I know some people don't
like her I think she's great
this is uh robin atkin downes as the
voice and this this were all kind of
redeems him from having almost ruined
the Prince of Persia series though that
was more of the scripts fault than his
just playing the character they they
gave her they the the writers ruined the
prince and he was just he just had
happened to be the voice drain Warrior
Within
get on the bike get this on the road
just get this game moving
it's a bad day
what is my favorite boss fight in this
entire series
if you are like destroy man is great one
of my favorites is kind of a spoiler so
I'm not gonna talk about that
Alice and Margaret in two are some great
fights need to get a job to go on the
next mission there's a Wii game
lay that stop that was perfect
absolutely perfect
all right people come into the lake
there's nothing I can do about the sound
I think this this new microphone that we
picked up it's just terrible I have
everything on my everything is already
cranked all the way up the sound is what
it is that the old
this game does not have spikes you're
not enjoying this game I'm very sorry
this game is borderline experimental
that's that's what's great about this
game
so what's what's his deal of me putting
together a desk to deject tweet that I
was putting together the
TV stand
I put together a new TV stand for the TV
that we're playing the Sun one fight I
put together fringe before I kind of I I
enjoy an action
what kind of what is it you've seen
modern furniture it's fake wood it's
it's wood chips and glue just like
everything you buy at the store
killed some other guys too so I'm gonna
get a slightly lower score than I'd like
do that one other mission it's off to
dr. peace
what is my favorite beam saber and know
we're heroes one I kind of like the
blood berry I don't know the blood berry
actually no no the second one you get
the Tsubaki DeMarco cuz that one mixes
in some melee attacks with the with the
normal strikes and you get a lot of
wrestling kills that way which is which
is kind of fun
visually I like when you start with the
let's jacket her
the next mission
hey Travis the next file or a giant
destroyed stadium that the piece is
waiting for you hop to it
about that parking job how about that
that was great
everybody
jack-jack hello rich what's up can you
hear me I can hear you I don't know if
they're gonna hear you we've had audio
issues I don't know new mic is just
terrible but no I'm serious
I got everything cranked all the way up
people telling me I'm an extremely quiet
too quiet you are you are pretty quiet
did you did you turn it up on the handle
of the you know like on the wire yep
that's weird did you turn it up in your

[Part II]
we are going to continue on okay great
what's my score she's gonna be shit hey
well listen better
you couldn't dog shit you couldn't have
paused it during this uh you know what I
could have I'm not blaming you I'm not
I'm not that's not what I'm trying to do
okay
it's just a thing that's going on how
are you I'm fine rich I am totally fine
everything is fine
all of the time everything sounds good
now that's great that was an ordeal dick
neutral I'm sorry yeah any any questions
comments or feedback on the blood borne
did you get a chance to see rich yeah
how did you what did you think about it
was fine hard for me to judge
great I know I know I'm probably wrong
as far as the tutorial goes because I
didn't probably pay much attention to
the messenger guys cuz we were we were
both playing at that point you know
setting oh well you know I saw a lot of
a lot of feedback comments were we're
making fun of us
saying that like oh there's all these
little messenger guys for the tutorial
by the way we did pay attention to those
those messenger guys did not tell us
everything and that still does not
necessarily count as a tutorial you know
that's all still in game and that's more
what we're talking I was just had
honestly I was just happy to disagree
with you about something on the show I
worry that we tend to like things too
much the same you know we don't we don't
have much conflict
we don't we don't have much conflict and
that's okay you know hopefully we have
good conversations yeah they obviously
the largest chunk of the review was that
back and forth over the obtuseness yeah
and that's why I kept most of that
engine because I thought it was a really
good back and forth
thank you leftover beefcake I'm glad you
enjoyed it I really enjoyed it too I
there were so much stuff that I wanted
to keep in that you know I ended up
getting cut for time or just because it
didn't quite fit there was a lot that I
wanted to keep in I wanted to do the
parry usually murders more efficient
Lost Time
that's bad cousin I'm gonna have to
grind for money to start the next
mission oh sure sorry I see that turbo
Jesus 5000 thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated oh my god hey rich
and Jack I just mailed you Demon Souls
and Dark Souls 2 nice thank you
I actually I do people people have been
asking like if we will now reevaluate
Dark Souls because the fact that we both
want to lobby we never said we hated it
for what yeah no no we never said we
needed it we had a rough time because it
was one of our early streams the one
thing I will say is I one of the things
that kept me engaged in blood-borne was
the horror Lovecraftian world you know
and and so I don't know if I will be as
into the medieval world of Demon Souls
there of Dark Souls but I hear that
Demon Souls is a little more horror ish
that's that's the question but so so I I
would be more interested in picking up
Demon Souls just because it would be
completely fresh to me so
so I'm excited to get my hands on that
demon souls which I'm gonna have to
borrow your ps3 again instead of
previously recorded this show should be
called poorly recorded it's well we're
not I guess we are recording poorly live
referring to our constant audio issues
so that's fine
they are they are a staple running gag
of the stream the only the only problem
is it's not an intentional I by the way
I could still hear you and I see someone
saying like saying Jack do you not like
medieval themed games I am okay with
them I have no strong feelings towards
them one way or another you know I'm a
little tired of the medieval setting in
general but like you know that horror
alien bug monster stuff I I enjoy like I
like horror movies I like that kind of
blood and guts stuff so that kept me
more engaged than say Knights fighting a
dragon you know so so that's the only
thing
I'm I didn't I I this is the second
thing I've seen of Mario Kart adding a
200 cc if this is true then I'm very
excited I don't know if this is true I
assume it's true because you I've heard
it a couple times in chat that would be
awesome 200 cc course would be great
super fast you me that's fine
nice set of pipes you got there old man
it has always been my dream to perform
in a stadium such as this gentlemen from
the Association told me I could have any
stage I wanted today how can I refuse
such a kind of courtesy of me and my
entry fee no doubt my ex-wife called me
the other day and I met my daughter for
the first time in ten years we dine at a
fancy restaurant one of those that are
impossible to get a reservation for then
afterwards karaoke who got you the
reservation the Association took care of
it of course fuck my entry fee what's
important is not the fact that
reservations are hard to get in fact no
one gets reservation the words
reservations only apply only to those
outside of the circle it's getting into
that circle and the food good
unfortunately the atmosphere was a
facade not once did my own daughter
you're a junkie for blood old man people
like us we're sharks attracted blood you
smell blood dude you got it old man and
for some reason I feel the sense of
euphoria don't die on it too quickly I
want to Gorge myself on the sense of
fulfillment till I vomit man this is
what I live for
fighting your own kind nothing is more
gratifying see you on the other side
okay sorry I don't mean to be rude just
I one of the reasons I wanted to play
this because I've been meaning to
revisit this game I just I want to hear
the cutscenes
that's fine right that's fine if it's
the next wave of DLC new maps new racers
apparently another fzr map up for those
asking absolutely we will absolutely do
another mario kart stream when when the
new DLC comes out I'm super excited
about it will be mario kart and if that
gets boring we'll do some Smash Brothers
because he's like that stuff and I want
to play it so yes absolutely we will do
that don't worry about rich and there
there was one question in the chat that
I wanted to bring up someone was asking
if I will let my kids play blood-borne
they watch me play blood-borne all the
time they they think it's great like hey
if anyone follows me on Twitter you can
see my six-year-old actually drew
pictures of like my hunter and the bad
and some of the bad guys like the snake
pop out a head bad guy because they you
know I've spent a lot of time with my
children like discussing like the
difference between reality and like
movies so they have a healthy
understanding of things are fake you
know and so they love watching it they
get a kick out of all the monsters and
stuff oh absolutely
so I mean there's not a big difference
playing and watching you know as far as
content is concerned I you know my
oldest is six and he just doesn't have
the dexterity to play a game that
complicated yet
is the real thing
but no no you know like it I know and
they probably asked that question
because like I've talked about like not
wanting them to cuss not want to hear
cuss words and you know I think there's
a big difference
only in do you know this again we talked
about them during the big cussing thing
which is like they don't know when not
to cuss yet they don't have that ability
yet but but they are well aware of the
differences between reality and fiction
and so so so ya know they're great if
you're like I said it go over to my
Twitter you can see they're picked the
pictures that he drew it's really great
no no no my six-year-old plays a lot of
games he plays much oh no no I can only
assume no cuz the younger watches too
but they actually did the my
three-year-old is way more into monsters
like loves monsters and vampires and
mummies and zombies like there was
appeared where we had to watch the
Michael Jackson Thriller music video
every single day really just because he
loves zombies but but no no like like I
said that kind of content doesn't bother
me because they understand that it's
fake and they're just enjoying monsters
and enjoying the scenery
they they they laugh when they see any
monster like whoa look at the bug guy
when we got to the bug headed monsters
man were they giggling oh yeah yeah they
look amazing yes I finally beat rum
I got have you been to the upper
cathedral yet the upper cathedral is
where you fight like 20 werewolves
system crashed oh that's right that's
right
that's right thriller yeah now he loves
thriller all of them I am 33 it's open
mic night in hell old man sing all you
want down there
congratulations you are now ranked
number nine what you expect
wait a minute are you getting a little
sentimental still green aren't you you
know this is only the beginning
call me when the next one's arranged
okay that's okay so werewolves upper
cathedral werewolves up with Christie
feed girl there is a super fun boss
monster that I won't
I won't spoil for you and a really neat
secret area that I want to play out for
you so I thought if once you get there
it's great I really quick questions at
any favorite children's books the piggy
and elephant series are fantastic what
do you read your kids a bunch of stuff a
bunch of different stuff right oh oh
like I read piggy an elephant that's
pretty good no no you know what that was
funny that was funny enough to be
justified so I see someone someone is
asking someone apparently is a brand-new
parent i mr. named ode dawn or Dan
Wilson is apparently just a new parent
and is asking how I survived a newborn
the the answer is barely new boards are
really tough touch football
fighting thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated it I wonder that
when when my oldest was born I want to
say the first year I was I don't even
remember I don't even remember the first
year just because it was so tough and
like I was ready like you know we we
wanted children we were ready for
children I was like alright let's make
it happen and
and it blew me away it just it gets
better the older they get the better
they get once they start turning into
people that's the real thing you want to
talk about you being me being me I've
gotten some feedback oh sure there was a
that I'm a jerk
there was a reddit thread over the
meanness of rich Evans and Perley this
is a fairly lengthy thread as I
understand it according to Jay I
couldn't find it I I looked and I I
didn't see it but according to Jay had
several several comments on it and
people people were saying that you are
dismissive and mean okay
for one I mean I always saw like like
kind of just being a grumpy old man is
kind of my shtick I mean I I don't just
do it on camera just I naturally tend to
exaggerate oh sure
that's what I do and I hope everybody
understands that when I am like
dismissive or mean to somebody who has a
comment in the chat that unless they say
something that's blatantly mean to one
of us I'm just fucking with you I'm not
trying to make anybody genuinely feel
bad I'm not trying to genuinely be a
jerk to everybody I'm just like
exaggerated hyperbolic literally it's a
little hyperbolic it's a little it's
it's a bit of a caricature yeah you know
I think I think actually this is this is
one of the problems with you know the
internet age in general is when when you
are when all we can do here's what I
think the real problem is is is like
like are it you're saying you are being
you're trying to be funny
you're trying to be entertaining but you
know they can only hear us right and and
this is actually a big problem with
people like sarcastically commenting on
things is there's no real gauge for
sarcasm you know like when you're in the
room when you
in a room with someone you can you can
see their body language you can gauge
sarcasm much better but perhaps over
audio it's harder to tell that you're
just jokingly fucking with people but
anybody who's actually I'm not trying to
hurt anybody's feelings I'm not really
trying to be a jerk right
another thing well while we're on
apologies I I've been I know I know I
bitched about it a lot I I want to make
it clear one more time and I I don't
know that I make this clear enough when
I have bitched about religion hmm my
only real beef is with fundamentalist
your normal believer your normal
church-going person I have no problem at
all with you at all at all so I would
like to apologize to anybody listening
all over Christian Muslim Jewish friends
out there Buddhist everyone I'm sorry I
will I will go out of my way to take it
easier on you and when I have harped on
religion usually what I do get angry
about what the religion is or the
fundamentalist hmm so I love you all
exactly the fundamentalist no and I mean
I like I think people should appreciate
this and like I think most people kind
of knew you were you were kidding but
like one of the problems is also that
we're filling a bunch of time you know
and so then you kind of hear the same
thing over and over again I I do think I
see in the comments I think a lot of
that reddit thread if I'm to believe
what what Jay said about it to be true I
honestly think a lot of that was about
our not wanting to play The Last of Us
I'm not I'm not joking at all because
you know we said we and it's just like
we don't think it'll be a game we'll
enjoy so we're not going to play it it's
just that simple and so but I do really
think that's what the majority of it was
about is us dismissing this game that
people really like
I haven't actually seen the the reddit
thread and like I said I looked and I
couldn't find it I didn't look that hard
yeah I do
oh you know what I do remember that
there is a push a while back to make an
official sarcasm font yeah yeah which I
would love I would love and you know
like it really if you put anything in
kind of italics it's a little more
sarcastic than normal but I would
actually love that like an official
thing to be like this thing I'm typing
is a joke the italics right that would
possibly backfire oh my god yeah I know
by the way according to mr. shy smile he
saw that reddit thread and he says it
was just about us not wanting to play
The Last of Us I know I know I typed in
that I want the neo-nazis to kill all
the Jews but I used the sarcasm font
you're right you're right
so that was just about the last of us oh
hold on unn unn kool-aid man has found
the link hold on I'm gonna look in the
link here there I like Jack and Rich
they're funny guys but their incessant
negativity about games has made their
show nearly unwatchable right no no I
mean that's you know of course
dismissing all the games we actually
really love and and play all the time
and talk about the games we love all the
time no matter its belong can you buy
apparently let's see here oh my god this
is totally it and they're dead they're
immediately dismissive about and I
legitimately don't understand why do
they think they're too cool to enjoy
certain games the oh god yes they are
absolutely talking about us not wanting
to play The Last of Us Jesus Christ and
oh by the way 100% rich and I believe
ourselves to be too cool rich and I I
don't know if you guys know this about
rich and I we are too cool and happening
guys I'm Jordan and I know it's the same
people that made Uncharted I know
Uncharted it's just kind of a boring
looking shooter mixed with some yeah I'm
kool-aid man says you didn't like the
game I liked Jack it's fine you know
what if that's what it's about that's
fine I you know like I said it every
everything is fine all the time we did
we do in general try to entertain you
guys during these streams I hope we were
cheating that I know there was a there
was a reddit thread recently about like
our poor decision to stream during Game
of Thrones and it's just like you know
not everything else is Game of Thrones
the numbers weren't that different
settle down right
it's everything's fine all the time
that's the real truth about the world is
everything's fine all the time
ok so talk about interesting things I
don't know if oh rich yeah
have you seen daredevil I you know I was
going through the other night and then I
it was kind of late and I realized that
I there's a whole season of Archer I
haven't seen oh my six of Archer
I plan on watching daredevil but
I've gotten a few more episodes in oh my
god oh my god no that's alright oh no I
don't crunch the numbers of every stream
by the way like John B 820 but you know
like right now like if you look under
the streamer it tells you how many
people are watching right now there's
459 thank you to all of you 459 to watch
and I want to say I'm Sunday there was
about the same if not a little bit more
but it's just the thing it didn't it
didn't drastically change the numbers
like it like that's the thing like let's
say perhaps we wanted to stream against
a show right yeah like something I don't
even know what shows are on this the
series finale sure The Walking Dead and
we start streaming and we get a max of a
hundred viewers that would be a dramatic
difference and then we would learn from
that say okay we can't ever stream
during The Walking Dead boom right well
congratulate all I haven't it's coming
up now wait you're not parking yet oh
you just did a jump that's pretty sweet
oh great parking Jeffrey no I know
so in any case like as as a producer I
do pay attention to the numbers that's
part of my job and so if if there was a
big if there was a drastic change
because of something like that I would
take note and we would try to fix that
to make sure that we could still put out
a quality product
but there just wasn't so damn Oh what
happened did you die you're gonna kill
him I'm good
kill them all make it happen as long as
you don't stream against daredevil right
oh God thank you for the jokes for the
jokes in in italics it's big ern
parentheses jokes and parentheses I I'm
super psyched to watch more daredevil
super super sight yeah yeah lime only I
want to say I'm only I am only on like
Episode five or six so I'm not terribly
far because I'm watching it with my wife
and so like we get we get to watch like
one a night you know but uh but so far
very much enjoying it oh are you doing
an O death I haven't died I know I know
I'm - daredevil too much it's fine show
the the the reason I I'm talking so
highly of daredevil is because in
general I think everyone knows I'm a big
fan of superheroes in general and the
superheroes on TV is usually subpar all
of all of the superheroes on TV have
been subpar and of course now you're
gonna mention something in a chat that
was great
I'm sorry I'm sure we're not counting
anime live-action superheroes you know
like you take a look at Smallville
Smallville had a decent premise that was
ruined by monster of the week you take a
look at arrow which is fine subpar I
haven't seen flash I've heard good
things about flash I didn't want a lot
Josh powers was god-awful
what hours yes powers insulted me
personally Oh rich yeah nice I think my
skype made a noise oh you didn't hear
any no what was that Skype what's going
on
and so there yes arrow is okay like
arrows is arrow is what I thought was
acceptable for superhero shows a little
cheap looking a little light on the
action a little cheesy right and so it's
like that's what you think you can get
in a superhero TV show and then
something like daredevil comes along and
you see it done correctly and you're set
and it like it neck by next year
daredevil might look like garbage
because like they're doing something
else but for right now for right now
it's like oh oh they're doing it
correctly and this is the first time
I've seen it done correctly you know
which is treating the subject matter
seriously they have their shit together
they know what they're doing at this
point
yeah DC I know they don't they're trying
to kind of emulating marvel no making
weird decisions but like like I you know
arrow and flash the shows are relatively
successful right absolutely
why the fuck would you not tie those in
with us the movie universe what is wrong
with them what is wrong with them of
course you should tie those into the
movie universe that's what people are
watching if anything those should be the
basis of your movie universes you know
take your already established audiences
audiences and grow them but not violent
really quick the the worst Doctor Who
companion is uh is the newest one I want
to say her name was Claire she did not
oh no no I know you don't care this is
just a real quick aside she had no
character she was a blank slate and she
was whatever the story needed her to be
that week she was the worst but but
that's the real thing with Marvel is
they are a producer driven studio and
they're nailing it right now it won't be
it won't be forever obviously but right
now they're nailing it yeah this is that
you're right mal Ratko this is very much
making me looking forward to Luke Cage
which is the next Netflix Marvel thing
no Rose is not the worst companion rose
Rose had a character she had she had the
most intense relationship with two
doctors she gets she she got a good
character it was weird when she came
back and her teeth were all big for some
reason I don't get what's the at like
after after a year of being gone the the
first companion in the Doctor Who reboot
yeah not rebooted the doctor the new
seasons of that group after a year of
being gone she came back and she had
like lost a bunch of weight and gotten
like what do you what'd he call it when
you like fake teeth but not fake teeth
like we have veneers or caps
she had gotten something done to her
teeth to make her teeth super big and it
was very distracting but no she had a
good character I liked her other world
story I liked how she had to leave the
doctor I liked her relationship with
both doctors it worked Claire if that
was her name the newest companion is the
worst she had no character she was she
was all at once the girl who knew
everything and the ditzy stupid clumsy
sidekick she was she was nothing she was
everything therefore she was nothing
I see it's very little to be yeah I know
I know it does and this is just a little
venting but it's it was it was poor
characteristic writing in in the same
scene she would be kind of flabbergasted
by the very thought that aliens existed
and then one minute later like hacking
an alien computer you know there was
there was nothing to her Clara Clara
that was her name Thank You Clara
I hated her my favorite doctor is uh is
the first one not the first one the
first one oh my god and I always forget
his name Christopher Eccleston Eccleston
is my favorite doctor to head dog of to
head thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we do it's really true yeah
and you know what the hardcore fans of
anything will be the worst of anything
right now as we're discovering with our
latest Last of Us controversy but and so
you might be right the fans of Doctor
Who are probably the worst of it I think
there's a lot of good in there if you
like that kind of fantasy science and
British step and I mean it's it's all
Netflix and so if you have Netflix and
who doesn't have Netflix you might as
well watch it it's there I tried I gave
it a try get most of the season yeah and
that's fine that's fair that's fine
Pizza Tran says not watching Doctor Who
is my favorite Doctor Who no you know
what it's not gonna be for everyone
obviously the new one what new doctor oh
I haven't been watching I gave up
because the show started to really suck
I don't care don't care it needs to
prove itself to me it was so bad for so
long rich and I was a die-hard hardcore
fan and it got so bad that even I just I
couldn't I couldn't take it one true
Rodney thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciated
oh I'm sorry if you don't have enough
plates started to suck yeah you've
really did makers I think he's an older
doctor
oh yeah no and I've seen a couple of you
people asking in the chat
I don't know rich if you've been on the
internet today but there was a new
Dennis really there was yesterday a
Dennis Quaid yells onset viral video
happened okay you know India you're
Dennis Quaid not to be confused with
Randy Court actors are jerks wait we
know this as it turns out it was a fake
viral made by Funny or Die okay to
generate buzz for something or another I
mean I don't well that's good for Dennis
Quaid good pretender quite good for
funny tonight vo I saw some people
asking if I had anything to do with it
no I usually don't anymore I'm still
very good friends with the people over
at Funny or Die but I don't really work
here much anymore so but good for them
it's all it's always nice when they can
get a win and especially like a big win
that then naturally can go viral that's
always the hardest part where it's like
if you have if you have a fan base
it's easy to get a certain number of
views right and and funny guy is pretty
good at retaining a fanbase and using
celebrity influence to get a certain
number of views but here's a situation
where they were able to make a video go
viral without any of their influence and
that like that's the real struggle so
congratulations to them that's a big win
good for them Jack don't you think
Marvel are at risk of getting kind of
samey
yeah the trailer looks like yeah when I
say they have their ship together I mean
they're popular and what they're doing
what they're doing is working and people
really seem to dig the shared universe
absolutely well and again people care
about ant-man just because they care
about the Marvel Universe all this shit
nobody would give a fuck at all but
because of the cinematic universe
exactly exactly it's that's the amazing
part of a producer or a studio driven
movie franchise you know usually when
you think about movies any movie or a
movie franchise you think about the
auteur you know you think about the
director you think about the writer
right but here we are most concerned
with just what Marvel is doing and
that's amazing in its own right ant-man
is gonna be the real test though because
everyone on the internet knew that Edgar
Wright was attached right and Edgar
Wright wasn't playing nice with Marvel
and it didn't and and eventually you
know their disagreements let's pretend I
don't know much about Edgar Wright okay
was he from what did he do
going on what's this what's this what's
the story who is this man he makes
movies you enjoy movies Shaun of the
Dead okay okay now I'm on the trolley
now you're on the truck the trolley yeah
just just to name a few he also got buzz
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world that worlds
and you know he he's a he's a not only
is he a filmmaker who's made stuff you
enjoy he has a very specific style to
him you know did you see any space I
didn't yeah oh you didn't care oh I love
that was Graham space but you know what
space was for me it was Evil Dead
really do you ever well and I'm about to
explain myself that was my that was my
set up like what's amazing about
something like Evil Dead or something
like clerks or El Mariachi or I'm trying
to think of Earl I mean what do we talk
about before like Oh memento you know
like when you get to see a director
proto style you know like when they're
just figuring out how to handle their
style yeah that was that was space for
me it's like watching like Edgar Wright
style start to creep into space knowing
what would it later come to up Shaun of
the Dead and and Scott Pilgrim vs. the
world I really enjoyed that okay so as
to as a creator watching you could see
his little flares in space then they
weren't quite there yet you know but in
any case the real thing with Marvel are
the real thing with ant-man is the
internet knows that a director with
prestige and style was attached to it
and over disagreements with Marvel is no
longer hat it's more
happening so if ant-man can still manage
to be a good movie that's a huge win as
far as I'm concerned for Marvel I don't
know if it's huge win for us because we
don't get to see if your rights version
which obviously but you know how's that
gonna work I know like there's a lot of
talk now apparently they are both Marvel
and DC are trying to court Angelina
Jolie to direct movies for them it's a
direct force so directing yeah cuz she's
she directs now what's she directed she
just directed a fury okay
they're not fury that wasn't Brad Pitt
one because there are things no no
unbroken that was the one that's
unbroken was what it was called not fury
fury was the branded thing she did a
similar movie called unbroken in any
case but she is someone who doesn't like
Edgar Wright doesn't care about
listening to studios you know and so
they're courting her but it's like will
she be able to play nice unbroken yes
I'm sorry everyone
I say fury I'm broke not unbreakable
unbroken anyway do either rich do either
of you go see movies with Mike or Jay
sometimes care about staying tag along
absolutely I think most famously both
rich and I went with Mike and Jay to see
guardians of the galaxy and and well
that I actually the reason I remember
it's um
because rich and I had the exact same
feelings great I mean I think we've
talked about it before in in Chad which
is that that we rich and I felt both the
same about it which was like you know
there's a lot of rich and i's feelings
about it was that it was a lot of payoff
with very little setup yeah and we kind
of felt middling about it I still think
it's a good movie it was very
entertaining but you know like yeah it's
fine whereas obviously Jay wants to have
its baby and like really enjoyed it as
well
James coude loves James guy and that's
fine
I don't know how far ahead J and Mike
plan on what movies they're going to see
no you know cuz we in in Milwaukee we
were never quite sure what's coming our
jobs for everyone thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated it's
true we do we very much appreciate it
but uh Maki being a smaller time we
don't get a lot of V like independent
movies we have a couple independent
movie theaters which is great but and of
course you know we never know you know
we're always we're constantly scheduling
best of the worst
zap in the bags previously recorded and
so it's like figuring just figuring out
when they can see a movie let alone like
who's editing what and whatnot so I can
only I can only assume sometimes it's
the very same day know how well a jacket
help you sure no no I mean look at all
those different colors of jackets you
can wear that's very exciting that is
very exciting
laughs try living in a real small town I
didn't even get in Harran device it says
Lucky Strikes
it's Milwaukee's not that's not the city
you're right it's it's it's no it's not
a it's not a metropolis you know we
don't get on but I'm very happy we have
for such a small city we have I want to
say four really nice independent movie
theaters that play a wide range of
diverse indie flix so I should be
grateful
are you kidding its Milwaukee we have 38
McDonald's in on the same block like
there's some there's more McDonald's I
don't know what is it on Milwaukee
Milwaukee has more bars than churches
where is that Wisconsin in general
Wisconsin in general has more bars than
churches or more bars than grocery
stores like there it's there's a
ridiculous number like that where where
we just we were drinking folk and that's
what we do good great pizza places some
places you everything here is just a big
name McDonald's subway you are
incredibly wrong you are in what about
Culver's Culver's is a national things
that started in Wisconsin and Culver's
does not freeze their meat like they use
fresh burgers they make your food after
you order they grill your hamburgers
funny
of course Illinois yeah
no no fuck euros euros is spam-like
euros is because you really had heroes
they have around here you're only eating
lamb Bologna
that's all our euro is you only had the
ship once come Culver's I see some
people asking in the chat
Culver's loafers gave me diarrhea is an
amazing fast-food restaurant that cooks
your food
only after you ordered and not like
McDonald's where they heat up your food
they cook you a burger after you order
it but it's still drive-through amazing
custard and if you don't know what
custard is it's ice cream with eggs in
line it's the most delicious thing
you'll ever eat
mr. de YT thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it cops that's
right there's cops cops is an amazing
burger and ice-cream place
oh no cops has custard as well you guys
are crazy
Culver's as the Culver's is great
Culver's is really great we have
restaurants where you can know that bull
verse has what awful french fries awful
bland eerie french fries that you need
to slather and ketchup because they're
terrible have you ever had cops fries
we're talking fries now cops fries are
great okay I am a dumbass that wouldn't
but not about culprit solvers is great
I'll be honest most of the time I go
there I'm getting custard but every once
in a while I get a burger and fries and
I really enjoy but here's the thing rich
we in general like if you're looking for
good food you should not be looking for
fast food there's restaurants where you
can have to go orders there's amazing
pizza places amazing burger joints that
isn't that is not true I travel a lot
and I've had plenty of fast-food ones
and every single time a sit-down burger
a burger at a sit down places there are
20 million amazing pizza place there's
20 million averaging amazing pizza no no
you are in alert insane good fast food
Jack I know what I'm talking about I
know you don't get it around here crazy
I think you're crazy
it's called it's called hardens where we
are in Milwaukee we have oh no I think
I'm they weren't saying it was goodbye
they just wanted to know whether it's
called Carl's jr. or Hardee's I would
love to get some they are they are
literally the worst we we only have one
good sushi place in Milwaukee and it and
I could get inside so pizza slices are
fast food and we have amazing pizza
places which is a crazy person perfectly
average surface a crazy person
permissively ever taste buds have been
ruined by McDonald's but he doesn't know
anymore
he doesn't know each other get it your
taste buds have been flying out
we have great I would love a good a good
crazy I do have a leadest taste buds
that's right that's why you can trust me
my taste buds are elitist
B because because I I mostly eat
vegetables only when I do have fast food
it better be good I mean do what you
gotta specially the see the billikin
you're right that's why there's only one
good sushi place I also would not trust
Milwaukee sushi we uh the fish in our
lake are not sushi worthy and so it's
all has to be shifted but with modern
shipping methods it's pretty okay is use
is a really good sushi place
that's our only one I've been to Oakland
yours I don't think they're that great I
just think euros in general well you're
you're at you're you're asking for a
world of hurt no good you can only eat
it once every six months once every six
months it smacks on the hero but I do
know why Wendy's serves the square
burgers rich do you know why Wendy
serves square burgers I know why White
Castle serves burgers with holes in them
well let's see that wasn't the question
no I just wonder so they look bigger
okay
lit literally it's it's it's the exact
same amount of meat on other burgers but
they just do it because it looks bigger
and so people think they're getting more
meat than they are so they think they're
getting a better deal oh here we go
rich I'm going to Chicago this summer
where should I know I mean I'm mostly
familiar with the fast food dodge that
we run south suburbs but you probably
won't be new isn't who knows a chain
yeah Chicago I don't know I know I know
there's some chains I don't I know they
farmed out their name I don't
I think the food actually might be a lot
different at the original who knows I
don't know it's like I don't know if the
franchise really sell the same pizza
I think there's something weird going on
there with that I don't know rich I
think I think you might have you might
have just shown your true foodie colors
there okay
I'm not explain I'm an I can tell you if
you're in south suburbs by where I was
mr. sub is great okay Mickey's here oh
this is my favorite place to get a gyro
notice pizza cheap and good pizza Oh way
according to Kilroy mix fog there are
two oh noes the original and Chicago's
who knows which is a completely
different company and I want to I want
to say like very and like the people who
call themselves who knows that I've had
our garbage yeah cuz that's probably the
chain that just bought the name sure
sure okay there's some shenanigans going
on there there's shenanigans okay I
don't with you
yeah don't don't ever go to Applebee's I
can't even find a white castle why would
why the fuck would you want a white guy
every now and then you just have a taste
for it you are an insane person there is
a White Castle you have to drive about
it you have to drive about 20 minutes
south but white White Castle is garbage
White Castle is grease slathered garbage
and there is no way you should ever eat
White Castle there is there is something
what does that mean okay right Jesus
Christ die
all meat pizza that sounds that's crazy
we're saying like an Applebee's in Lake
County Illinois closed when they got
sued over unpaid wages they lost in
court and declared bankruptcy rather
than pay up thirty two restaurants
closed at once Wow really
yeah no White Castle is not well White
Castle is great when you're high when
you're high everything is great
that's that doesn't count white castles
greasy garbage there's there is
something in an adult's life called the
Olive Garden rule people and it's it's
basically an easy way to judge people
which is there Yuki you can judge people
solely on their feelings about Olive
Garden if they say anything but no let's
not go to Olive Garden they're not good
people I'm saying like you shouldn't
have to eat crappy food I mean we're
adults you can eat good food it's a
thing and you know what here to not be
completely hipster foodie position I
love fast food I've talked extensively
about my loves of McDonald's and talked
about so I like obviously like you do
what you got it no it's not good fast
food but I love fast food I mean along
Yunos beef and pasta is good fast food
I'm getting to it I'm getting to a point
yeah which is like you want to go to
Olive Garden to have a guilty pleasure
you do human right you want to go to
Applebee's to have a guilty pleasure you
do you but you don't talk about it
that's something that should be you know
that's that's not the place to go
you need you need to get your
breadsticks Phil from Olive Garden you
do you but but in general that's not
considered good
that's the Olive Garden
that's right that's where I kept the
myth pick people who eat Olive Garden
can be good people in a moral sense but
their judgement can not be trusted
with regards to food that's exactly the
correct way to put that yeah and I mean
there's tons of guilty ones
we have a decent Bowl place right by me
a pho is a really great thing if you've
ever had ramen like good ramen if Louis
is kind of like that it's like a
Vietnamese version of that with rice
noodles it's basically like a big soup
it's like this big bowl of like pork
soup with rice noodles and like slices
of pork and vegetables it's really good
I mean like pho folk I mean you know
when it's good it's good right but but
it's good it's like a big greasy bowl of
pork soup it's good it's great I do wish
on Safran thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it I definitely
prefer good ramen over pho we only have
one ramen place in Milwaukee and it's
way up on the north side but I would I
will gladly drive up to the north side
to have ramen rather than walk around
the corner to have pho you know if
that's fo F there pho pronounced pho all
right or is that it's it's pronounced
Fah it looks like it's a phone I don't
pH how would you pronounce pho I love
pho
yeah I'm pronounced okay so I but
apparently pronounce foie like
fuck your next ranked fight begins the
moment you're ready step inside
I highly doubt you'll survive this time
but hey there's only one way to find out
we're back for a moment we'll be cutting
out again soon Jack did we cut out when
for like a couple minutes

[Part III]
yeah when like a couple minutes oh stop
talking okay I was I was talking about
how is that I'm sorry no it's okay
did people get that I prefer ramen over
phone oh they're far that's right
fuck Faisal Ferranti da ba so lucky that
I prefer I prefer Rama anyway rich for
anyone who doesn't know for anyone who's
new rich will mute all riches in control
of the stream tonight and rich will mute
both of us for any cutscene because he
really likes the cutscenes in this game
and apparently he will do so without
telling me because thank you you didn't
hear it I was talking about entire time
I'm sorry jack it's okay what do we
think of vegetative vegetarianism Wow
vegetarian vegetarianism rich I'm losing
it mr. Terry
a ranking spite
yeah how about it all right you give me
a minute
wait for me in the hallway right
mind if we do this somewhere else you're
the boss
stop checking me out like that you
killed them such a gentleman
are you asking out of tactical curiosity
or are you just fucking with me bet they
didn't offer much resistance you got a
problem with that know how to hide your
true self around here
hey I'm not accusing anybody a real
gentleman
I just turned my back but she didn't
strike you are fucking with me it's
actually pretty hard to take cheap shots
when your enemy is his bloodthirsty as
yourself
people like us think alike don't we
shall we you will pay with your life I
will now avenge my father something
tells me you watched too many samurai
movies little girl
what the hell was that okay and we're
back that's great
um vegetarianism I mean again you do you
do whatever works for you I'm not gonna
hate I I was a butcher for a long time
you know cut up animals I enjoy I enjoy
eating many animals and I think like I I
never have a problem with vegetarians
you know who who are just like oh you
know it's like a healthy lifestyle thing
like do whatever works for you I do have
a problem with vegetarians who are only
so because of Cruelty to Animals you
know they say like oh I don't like how
chicken farmers treat their chickens
that's all I'm not gonna do chickens and
it's like well that's I think that's a
the wrong attitude I think if you're if
you don't like how chicken farmers treat
chickens you should buy your chickens
from better chicken farmers which at
which by the way are incredibly like in
the age of the internet are incredibly
easy to find when when I worked at the
butcher shop I knew exactly where all of
our food came from I still buy me there
I knew like we could go and visit him
each one of the cows like there was all
local farmers you know and that was
incredibly important to me like there
there's some some great restaurants near
where I live who only yeah jack is pro
farmer surprised advised who
who only buy from local farmers where
it's like that's the important stuff is
like choosing where you get your meat
from and listen you're not gonna get
quality meat from Purdue or any of the
mass chicken farmers who make chicken
nuggets by the millions
that's not you're not gonna get good
chicken right fine to find the good
stuff near you find the good farms and
buy your meat from there I don't know if
that's a controversial beer or not I
don't think that is the correct way to
go about becoming a vegetarian ah but
also I'm not a vegetarian so maybe my
opinion doesn't matter
bounce back nope
mother fucker
that's right like listen to dr. kill the
cat who's saying he he were he worked in
livestock and visited many farms farmers
love their animals and they're doing the
best they can to do a good job but it's
a dying profession there are less
farmers and they're becoming more
franchises and that's that's the real
thing and so it's like supporting and
you know what it might mean you have to
pay a little more for your meat and it
might me and Dad you know you won't get
you know like it you have to go out of
your way to get it but if you support
the people who are who are producing
good stuff then then they'll be more
often
and it's it's really sad that like
quality meat is becoming like a a niche
market you know it's really the farm the
farmer in me is coming out right you
know it wasn't a big deal growing up we
you know we we lived in a farming
community and it's like you know killing
animals was all part of it and treating
the animals that you were going to eat
Wow it was never a question where it's
like I'm going to eat this but this is
the thing that that I'm gonna that I
that is I'm going to use for nutrition
why wouldn't I treat it as best as I
could you know if there's a logically
when it comes to profits over quality of
me that that I don't understood you know
where it's like the farmers aren't
eating that the farmers aren't eating
the chickens that like have no legs and
and like crawl around the barn floor no
I'll stop ranting about farms and meats
now it's fine everything's fine yeah
yeah no no you know what dr. dey says
there were a bunch of hominids that were
vegetarians and they're all extinct too
just saying yeah come on we've evolved
evolution evolution doesn't play a
factor into our lives anymore that
doesn't matter anymore I think there's
been some kind of misunderstanding I
never thought your father calm down a
little
Jacobs was my mentor I'd never kill him
I watched master Jacobs teachings on
video over and over till the fucking
tape wore out we've never met in person
do it how about kill yourself after you
kill me sounds like a bitch straight out
of a samurai movie donut shut up shut up
and kill me already
you've already dishonored me enough do
it yourself please
I'll fight you anytime anywhere until
there
another victory trellis you are now
right if you get a killer she's still
young
but I still have to follow the
association's rules of conduct
he'll know then white takes the risk of
her coming back for revenge
kill when you can kill that's bullshit
all I want to do is fight someone better
than me she'll grow up why not kill her
when she's stronger yeah then I'll kill
her I I was I was up front ahead of time
that I was going to be during the
cutscenes it's not like I'm talking and
just cutting Jack out yeah everything is
stopping for the cutscene because I like
this game I wanted to re-experience this
game I want to watch the cutscenes this
is this is the stick for tonight and I'm
down with it and that's fine I know some
people in the chat really hate scenes
I'm sorry I'm trying to be less of a
jerk yeah I normally I would had some
kind of funny sarcastic thing to say but
I'm sorry I like cussing don't you worry
about it if this is the stick for
tonight you keep it going
also fleshy patch thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
one last thing I will say on the whole
farms and chicken and you know good meat
thing I did see somewhere in the chat
someone was saying like they can't
afford the good chicken you know and
here's the other part here's the other
part of this situation which i think is
drastically and vitally important
as Americans we eat too much and I think
anyone who's ever been to a shopping
mall knows this to be true yeah we eat
too much especially meat like meat is
not Capote you're not supposed to have
these giant portions you're not supposed
to have a couple chicken breasts you
know like you're not supposed to eat the
whole chicken though the whole chicken
is for the whole family whereas and it's
kind of a chicken and an egg thing
pardon the pun which is farmers are
trying to keep up demand for chicken
nuggets you know and people are eating
too much chicken nuggets and so they
have to meet demand for chicken nuggets
and so they can't have the quality
because people want to eat these chicken
nuggets right and so the this is this is
the real thing where it's like you can
get the good meat it's going it's not
going to be an everyday thing meats you
shouldn't necessarily be in everyday
thing I was constantly throwing out
value sized packages of like you know
chicken wings chicken legs and like we
got an insane number of boxes of that
shit in every day and like you know
every package you know every two wings
that's a full chicken every package is
like 20 chickens that's one grocery
store the amount of chickens this
country kills every year's gotta be just
amazing right right right
and so like and I I see everyone's
asking for the mute button now and I
will try to get off of my soapbox oh oh
either that or they just didn't want to
hear they just didn't want to hear me
preach about
I was talking on a phone I already muted
you like twice in a row oh I felt bad oh
oh
I let that cutscene go rich yeah you've
started a stick for tonight you have to
keep with them you have to keep it this
is just I want to enjoy the cutscenes
and this game has good cutscene so I
figured people on the chat you know
people watching might actually be
something oh sure Oh ace gigolo there
was no way I could know it was a joke it
was typed out the sarcasm fun remember
we need the sarcasm in any case what's
light I don't even know if I have
lighter news I can tell you this
yesterday I actually I had the episode
done Monday nights and I and I pulled a
crazy all-nighter
I had it all edited the the blood-borne
episode and the the real problem is once
it's done it's not it's not done because
you have to render it out which takes an
hour or so then you have to watch it to
make sure that the render was successful
you know cuz cosmos gesture cosmos
gesture thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
so after you render the episode you have
to watch it again because oftentimes
when you render something out you know
when you export the movie file little
glitches can occur audio glitches and so
it's really important to then watch it
afterwards and so like I'd finish you
added and instead of pretty late to
finish the Edit and then I've rendered
out and I needed to upload it because
also because the episodes are long and
you know it's
high definition it takes a long time to
upload to YouTube and I wanted it done
by Tuesday morning yeah so like I
started rendering it out and I needed to
stay awake to watch it Monday night and
it was very late Monday night I mean you
know like I started rendering it out at
like 11:30 midnight and I needed to stay
awake in order to then watch it so I
could start uploading it to YouTube so
it could be ready fresh Tuesday morning
you know and you know it's just like
okay this is my job tonight
you know I stayed up super late I got it
I got it out the render was fine it was
I was also a little like delirious from
being up so late because I wake up very
early and so I watched it and everything
seemed fine so I started uploading to
YouTube like yes I did my job I will
have the episode ready by Tuesday
morning get the thumbnail all made outs
the upload to YouTube went fine send all
the info to Jay who updates the website
and makes it go live it's like all right
yes Tuesday morning I did it and then
there was a problem at the studio so Jay
didn't uploaded it didn't get uploaded
until Wednesday morning I was like I
could have gotten to bed at a reasonable
time and I was really obsessed by my ps4
like I had to refer hard-driving just
something wacky happened the last stream
I must have unplugged it before it was
done shutting down so I had to start
from scratch so I haven't been that yet
no and I also have not beaten it yet
I've gotten I've gotten pretty far I
think I'm close to the end I of course I
have no idea how it ends because I've
been doing a good job of avoiding
spoilers but like I've gone back and
forth I've been doing a whole bunch of
the the chalice dungeons I haven't done
much chalice dungeon stuff oh yeah I
know they're fun it's it's fun and you
know did you get like any of the uncanny
or lost versions of any of the weapons
because that's a weird thing I have no
I've not gotten any fancy weapons in the
same except you can use different gems
that's exciting yeah so I've still not
beaten it I'm up to like I have no idea
how many hours but that's the thing all
like all yesterday while I was waiting
for the episode to go up I was just
playing blood-borne to play and join the
shit out of it this morning - great game
great fucking game Jax jobs in both Jax
job involves pulling all-nighters for
things he barely makes money on by the
way welcome to the Internet that's
that's how it's office work it's really
true i wiii make prereq because we enjoy
it it's certainly you know it is what it
is it's fine reason to play games it
gives us a reason to play games it gives
the end you know what hopefully it gives
us a voice you know - a voice to do
these live streams which I know you know
I know you guys enjoy we enjoy doing
them they kind of work hand in hand the
review show streams we recently got
mentioned in an article I'm gonna
retweet it tomorrow rich we we were
named as one of the 12 people in gaming
you should be watching really by some
website wow yeah we and named amongst
some very that we were named amongst
some people that I watch like we were
named amongst like game theory I can't
believe that
and the the person writing the article
said like go to their YouTube channel
and you're gonna see a lot of twitch
broadcasts but check out you know like
the previously recorded review series
that's what the real meat of it and that
you know that that's and so it's like I
understand like these twitch broadcasts
aren't for everyone we really enjoy them
and I hope but I think I think both of
them work hand in hand you know the
review series along with the live
broadcasts game game theory backed up my
theory on Mario Galaxy III the time I
played galaxy III I thought that
Rosalita was supposed to be Mario and
peaches daughter basically universe got
born rebirthed and game theory talked
about all of that shit basically they
had the same exact thoughts on Mario
Galaxy that I did oh that's great
interesting and I'm sorry for saying
some website I'm looking I'm going
through Twitter right now to find he
tweeted at us and I didn't want to
retweet it because I just tweeted out
like the episode and I knew I was gonna
tweet about streaming so I didn't want
to over tweet you can't over tweet rich
can never over tweet
I just know we need to find an excuse to
do a Wii game so that we can have an
excuse to buy a second yeah all right to
buy you over you I was so much more
convenient to set this up today if I had
sure yeah HD ready with an HDMI out
because the we still standard if I
bought some special years ago some
special cables to kind of play this and
somewhat HD it's like least at least
higher than standard def it's a little
bit better image quality sure and I want
to set that up today and I was getting a
black and white image Oh
black I eventually figured it out but
for a while I was I was calling Jack
before I stream because I wanted a
streamer I was too early I wanted I
wanted to because I knew I was gonna
pause in the cutscenes so I wanted to be
more than halfway through this game
before Jack showed up so I just just so
I couldn't wouldn't be rude all night to
Jack muting the cutscenes maybe I'll get
through no more here's quick and we'll
start doing something else see but I
need an excuse to have a leave okay
Wow 24/7
yes that is it
Wow 24/7 dot code dot uk'
some website twelve fantastic youtube
gaming channels that you should be
wondering send me send me a link to that
will I will email you a link I'll
retweet it tomorrow for anyone who
doesn't want to go through the trouble
of googling that but very flattered
obviously but I do think they made a
good point I'm saying like you know
because we do upload cuts of all the
twitch streams to the YouTube channel
yeah and I do wish you know like did
they mostly like our streams they mostly
liked our reviews okay they they said to
like don't they were warning people like
don't be scared by the stream that's
great
which you know like oh you sure like it
they look like just streamers but they
have this one huge show that you should
be watching I do wish I wish you two had
a feature where you could subscribe oh
that was not a good party job this Park
can give you extra points no that's
great in any case I and I've actually
like contacted YouTube a couple times
like asking for feature requests I wish
there was a way to subscribe to a
playlist you know where where there are
some people who have channels that I
enjoy but I only want certain content
from those channels and and I could I
could feel I could see people feeling
the same way about our channel like only
liking previously recorded and not
liking previously recorded live there's
a reason they uploaded a red letter
media right
there's our idea but so we do produce
content fast we do this streaming stuff
we might let clog up rather to me you
would just that's really not right
oh right right no and you know like it
works like we we get a we get steady
YouTube viewership and you know we're
good community and more anymore so I
like this I like the live chat I like I
like engaging with you guys live I think
that's but anyway a previously recorded
live I've always thought that the stream
videos and YouTube could be a stream tag
or something yeah well you know we we
have all of our streaming videos under
the the streaming playlist and all of
our previously recorded with the onion
fries in the quarter playlist and you
know like we punched all of like the
animations that people have made into
their own playlists so hopefully
hopefully you know like no matter what
you're looking for in our videos you can
find them easily but
I always do this as a podcast really I
don't give a shit what you play well and
then I think that's fine you raised your
voice yes I think that's great night
I do think like just like what happened
right there I think this is the thing
that makes live-streaming unique is this
like is talking with you guys if you
have a question if you want if you have
a joke you know like if you want to know
something we can discuss things back and
forth obviously on a bit of a delay but
fun it's it's much more immediate than
like emailing us or something like that
and I think that's where the real
uniqueness of twitch comes into play and
that's what I like about it
we can interrupt the chat apparently I
can just say horribly mean things to
people and as you know what rich as long
as it's funny it doesn't matter that's
the real thing maybe that was just the
problem
mmm j-mac like oh maybe maybe should be
nice and people rich I think you're an
asshole what you know that means rich
you just weren't being funny enough well
kill where I mix Punk what's your
question if you just say you have a
question that doesn't do me much good
I see a lot of Jim sterling talk I don't
know who that is
I don't know I don't know Jim sterling
if it bit me on the ass anyway I you
know what a sigle I have seen that
rebirth here here's here's the fucked up
thing rich and I know you don't care
about the world so this is just gonna be
me talking it was announced on April 1st
April Fool's Day that The Binding of
Isaac rebirth is coming to the Wii U and
3ds Nintendo has a very strict no
religion in games policy and a very
strict you know moderation policy on
what games come to their systems and so
The Binding of Isaac was not meeting
those criteria at all but according to
its creators it is coming to Nintendo
with no editing really this was of
course announced on April 1st oh here's
the thing on April 2nd they said that
the real joke was that you guys all
thought this was a joke it's really
happening
right yeah and they like the I follow
Tyrone Rodriguez the head developer like
on Twitter and he is like showing
pictures of it running on the Wii U I
still do not believe it and and since
since that April first joke they have
been continuing with the story that it
is actually happening and I still do not
believe it because they're the kind of
people that would play out the sick
fucking joke I won't believe it until I
see it on the store how about that I
want to believe it I guess it doesn't
really matter to me I already own it
twice no I already own it three times no
I literally own the binding of isaac
rebirth three times and also the binding
of isaac the regular just once but in
any case it doesn't matter to me
I'm excited if it does really happen
because that's hopefully saying you
muted me or you do what you do perfect I
got out of the bike that's terrible look
at this look at this I watched it I saw
it and you know what
great perfect perfect perfect
oh god it's too perfect it's too perfect
you know all rich just stop playing
right now and it won't get any better no
no it's so close to the little star on
the ground yeah that when I hit the
button to use the ATM machine I get back
on the bike I'm close to the bike ah I
can't I can't do the thing it's like the
twilight zone jack it's like The
Twilight Zone
I finally got my perfect parking job and
and it's terrible I can't I can't do
what I wanted to do like you got
everything you ever wanted but it turned
out to be not what you want to know I've
learned a terrible ironic listen I'm
sorry rod sterling my hubris
oh my hubris love it I love it I love it
I love every single second of it
that's great so you had to you had to
get back on your bike and do not as good
a parking job just so you could yeah I
don't I I watched one I've watched
exactly one totalbiscuit video I also
know nothing about him
I like I said I stopped watching them as
much when we started doing our thing is
I don't want to hear his opinion on shit
we might do but Jeremy he's a great
place to go when you just hear about
some weird game he's got this series
called you know what the fuck is wTF is
blah blah blah yeah well the thing weird
game you just know the name you don't
know much else he's probably got a video
that explains what the games all about I
think when you were what it was your
idea to do the banner saga and I want to
say you pointed you're like oh here we
can watch this video I think that's the
only video of his I've ever seen I know
nothing about him okay so yeah light and
like rich said and like we've talked
about a bunch we don't watch like I try
not to watch other review gaming review
shows especially on games that we might
do like I'll still watch game theory
because they're great and the game
theorist
purple space bazooka thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate sausage toes thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we very much appreciate it
he had cancer so let's get at cancer is
he better had cancer or has cancer
dances no Joker it's a real thing no
videos obviously no matter what you
think about it no cancer sighs sure yeah
are we sure liked Riggle tricky let's
play isn't a fan of his maybe he just
had cancelled apparently people liked
his video so hopefully he doesn't have
canceled either there you go oh he's
doing better good that's good
oh I'm sorry to hear that Lawson
technicolor I hope you get better with
your cancer cancer is a cancer is it's a
big thing right now
right now we're always oh well it's it's
quite possible that people have died
from cancer
for eons but now we just know it's
cancer you know saw your next prereq is
shovel knight which i love why did you
wait so long to bring it to the series
like both Oryx and I have played shovel
knight I want to say I 100% completed
shovel Knight are not a 100% but I
completed shovel Knight only on stream
which means that the only time I ever
played shovel knight was on stream and I
beat the game it's getting a PlayStation
it's getting a Mina a ps4 and a vita
release which makes it slightly fresh
again and after playing something as
intense as blood-borne we wanted to make
sure that just for riches and eyes
sanity we play something a little
lighter a breather a breather something
that's a blood-borne is a good chunk of
game right there yeah
God yet is vada so you know what we do
and and in general we do try to vary it
up you know yeah you know bigger game
smaller game bigger game smaller game so
we just did a triple-a release now we're
gonna do a smaller game as far as
smaller games go though you know a
shovel knife is the tallest neutral
yes and and by the way rich has a very
good angle we won't we won't spoil it
rich came up with a very good angle and
I am curious to energy doesn't like go
up and come back down
like it actually has like a little pole
and it's just shooting between the two
sure a little more scientifically yeah
yeah I think that I think that is
wonderful
oh and for Dave to bond we are both
going to replay it oh yeah we've both
played it on the PC I'm going to play it
on the be down as it's coming to the
Vita because that'll give it a little
fresh perspective planean as a handheld
and Richards gonna play it on the ps4
there they're adding kratos from God of
War as a boss fight yeah and so and
that'll make it give us a little fresh
perspective and make us play it again
which is great so the sexual alright
it's always fucking self
I don't have a favorite video game
engine I don't you know I think engine
engine that was the question Jack what's
your favorite video game engine it
doesn't matter
he's the answer is the game good that's
the thing that really matters
sure was that unreal no it was a doom 3
engine is the doom 3 night he makes the
row shit I don't know I know it's not it
anymore I got bought up with somebody
else and everyone that used to be there
is gone sorry no I don't know what what
it's like there now but John Carmack he
was the engine man oh ok sure
I don't I I don't know about those
things I know everything's made with the
unity because that's the that's a cheap
and easy way to make things if I mean I
say cheap and easy but it's you know
it's easier than making your own engine
obviously I'm a huge fan of source
because I'm a valve fanboy and but
exactly it doesn't matter what engine
lighting Oh
according to twitch plays Pokemon it
still makes their own engines John
Carmack is too busy trying to make
spaceships now Oh apparently internally
built engines have come back into style
really what does that even mean
they've come back into style all people
are probably doing it for a longest time
people just license Steve every Unreal
Engine every before that it was like the
quake engines then after doom 3 nobody
liked doom 3 and it became unreal
everything everything was unreal I mean
that you would see that Unreal logo on
everything
yeah I do remember that I'm an older man
though
I remember when when the quake engine
was the shit quite quite three and quick
- everyone wanted to use those sure well
yeah that's the thing you're older I
remember unreal and obviously any indie
game on Steam is gonna use source it's
gonna use the valve engine source but
yeah the steam engine is called source
well the valve ins
oh yeah I see some people saying steam
engine and that's good that's they
that's the source engine that's right
ace gigolo rich you're not an older man
you're a mature man yeah yes and you're
right all the indie stuff well well it
depends all the indie stuff on Steam
that is to be with 3d models is unity
all the indie stuff that is 3d with 3d
models oh is that true hotline Miami is
made in game maker I know I know that
risk of rain is made in game
and game maker is game maker is a is a
is obviously game making software that
is very cheap even even for bigger
bundles and apparently pretty intuitive
as whores like drag and drop and risk of
brain is made with game maker can I say
that I love that he says he shouts out
deserts desert names for his power-ups I
mean you can say that my favorite is
strawberry on the shortcake
I mean good
what let's the chat just something I
don't want to repeat that made me giggle
that's all that's it still well I
couldn't I couldn't now I was laughing I
couldn't help him I couldn't I couldn't
help laughing oh there we go
mustard on the hotdog that's funny it is
if you're doing it right people born in
2000 are only 15 right that's true
that's true there could be people born
when I graduated high school or better
now I do wonder like I wonder if I was
like if I was fifteen right now would i
watch gaming streams I probably
it's very different being an adult I
like gaming streams now because I guess
I would have I'm sure this will come up
during the shovel knight discussion sure
sure the shovel knight this guy
discussion AKA we're old manual I am a
1981 born person 33 years old as we
discuss there you go
there you go
younger than some older than others
exactly the same age as others yes these
are the things I'm saying because I'm
thought I'm trying to feel fine I mean
these are that thing that I said it
wasn't 100% staged cool that's the thing
like but like so HBase Pokemon says the
for gaming streams I used to spend a lot
of time playing various games and doing
demos but I also spend time like just
watching my friends play game you know
we would play games but you didn't get
to play all the time and so just like
being in the same room as someone who's
playing a game is something that
happened often and so that's all this is
is an extension of that and like I'll
still you know if I have like ten
minutes to kill in ten minutes I can't I
can't like start up and get a quick ten
minutes of blood-borne right yeah it's
not that kind of game but you know what
I can do I could turn on twitch and
watch someone else play it for ten
minutes just to get some ideas and
mostly I'm thinking of pooping or it's
like if I'm sitting on the John for 10
minutes and I didn't bring my video with
me then it's like okay I'll just turn on
twitch watch someone else play
blood-borne against my no I don't like
that
yes whatever okay I've just this is what
I'm saying you like of course you do
that's our job
do you guys deduct the cost of prereq
game from your taxes yes not only games
movies ever everything everything
entertainmentwise I that's how it works
though that's that is a business expense
and in talking with my accountant to
this year as this is the first year I'm
doing taxes after the gaming show
started he had a lot of questions yeah
wait a minute
really this question really more so is
just like this so and you know of course
I've been in an independent film
producer or you know like a media
producer for a while so he's used to
strange stuff but he's just like so
video games
huh yeah it was just like a it was just
like a explain to me how you're making
money off of this so I can explain it to
the government no that is not true any
food that we're eating while streaming
can not be used as a facts about and
food in general like
you can deduct portions of meals but
it's not a hundred percent of the moon
like for cracks or this is like video
games and stuff yeah this is these are
all business expenses and every one of
them is you know mark receipts are
scanned or saved as this is like
honestly the most boring business talk
in Ojai a very apt because today is
taxed in if you haven't mailed out your
taxes yeah no I like keeping track of
all of the of all of the games we buy of
all of the equipment we buy like
literally i deducted those matches that
we bought those matches are why I guess
I'll deduct them next year but like I
had to account for those hundreds of
thousands of matches that we bought to
burn the order
120% certain you will die I love Sylvia
how Rebecca yeah a lot of a lot of
people don't like that character I think
she's a bitch and I'm like yes that's
the point to continue with tax talk I
see some people asking possibly joking
questions but I'll answer them seriously
because I just did my taxes electricity
so I have a home office and so what I
have to do is figure out the entire
square footage of my house
and the percentage of my house that is
my home office and then I can take that
percentage of my electrical bill my
water bill my internet bill my phone
bill and deducted for my taxes it's not
a hundred percent but that's only
because I have a home office like if I
had a different office you can deduct I
want more of that but because I have a
home office yes I can I can deduct
things like electricity but like any
like my Netflix subscription I deduct
because I have to watch movies you know
if I ever rent a movie or buy a movie I
keep track of that and deduct that I
deduct absolutely everything I can
because that's how it works
and that was very serious tax talk here
I'm previously recorded
what
I thought I wouldn't make it here on
time had to take care of some customers
that filed complaints my apologies so
much to do I can't stand these people
with all their nonsense complaints they
think they can just say anything it's
crazy but anyway I'm here I made it on
time that's the important thing right I
take it you're mr. 8u you're ranked not
me well actually it is me oh that makes
sense
never mind then we've got a job to do
but first I need some time to get ready
would you mind turning the other way I
need some privacy privacy yes I need to
prepare whatever don't mind me pretend
I'm not even here
I just need you to look the other way
for a second a second dad it's just a
split second I don't think it's too much
to ask deal then we can get on with our
fight that is correct
all right
damnit whoa that was close
for a second there I forgot that you
were a killer sorry if I scared you I
didn't mean to do that something's wrong
with me today
I let my guard down getting sloppy I
gotta stay on my toes mind if I ask you
something yeah what is it mr. cosplay
we're both assassins right why do we
have to kill each other anyway he asked
me
it's absolutely meaningless it's about
determining who's best that's what it's
about
can't argue with that well then let's
get started what you want to shake hands
we're both fighters aren't we not
killers at least for now this is a sign
of sportsmanship that we respect each
other before and after the fight good
luck
likewise destroy spark
this is correct is this guy an idiot or
one joke you fell for the oldest trick
in the book
oh man you are something ha this is the
best man you really crack me up
seriously I think I might really die
from laughter I thought I was gonna die
there for real and look at you you look
like you're dead I guess it's time for a
wake-up call
this is where it gets good good night
that was quite a move he'll admit you've
got potential
if challenge had a taste you've been
quite delicious yeah sure
bring it on I love a challenge and I'm
gonna be honest which that cutscene was
a little too long so I went to go pet
this kid
I heard biscuit in the other room and I
was like I'm just gonna go pet my cat I
did see someone bring up bring up
something that that is really upsetting
to me which is delighting in the blood
borne so yeah and I'm sure you notice
bridge I did both rich and I do not look
our best and and here's the real and I
think I've talked about this before
we did get some dedicated prereq lights
cuz you know part of the part of the
issue with prereq isn't I like where
we're moving lights were stealing lights
from Mike and Jay and every every time
we set him up it's a whole new setup so
we did invest in some new lights for
prereq which I'm very excited about
they're coming this week we got some
nice soft LED lights that I'm really
looking forward to playing around with
and more more so than just playing
around with I'm really looking forward
to finding the perfect setup and keeping
them that way no longer will you know
they have to take the lights and use
them over for a half and bag investment
go get our lights that we can keep
exactly how he likes it because I know
it's rough and and but you should have
seen I'll see if I can find a before and
after job you should have seen before I
did color correction oh really oh my god
it was horrible my lighting job was
fucking Big Ups to Adobe SpeedGrade they
performed some magic they made it look
as good as it did I mean it was it bad
before it was really bad I'll find that
will be funny or not because it's you
mine is really subtle changes you had
some crazy shadows you know what happens
it happens but we're gonna figure this
out I'm very I'm very excited about our
our own prereq lights I don't have a
picture of rich with the blanket on his
head with the broken headphones we
should or so all I was thinking is while
you're building the TV stand today was
like oh we should take a picture of you
building a TV stand because of the best
building did you see the episode oh wait
oh yeah we talked about me enjoying
building furniture and then I put it as
a box quote for bloodborne yeah yeah and
so like I put it as a bach coat for
bloodborne
which is i really enjoy building desks
yes I get it but it's not a videos you
complain about something
someone was asking me to complain about
something I mean I don't know if I have
anything right off the top of my head
here's what I can complain about I can't
I started watching daredevil with my
wife yeah
and you know sometimes we have different
schedules and so like if I have a
morning free I can't just been binge
watch daredevil I have to wait for her
to them watching yeah absolutely
Kahlua puffs thank you for subscribing
again let's appreciate that's actually
the trickiest situation with binge
watching in general is if you're like if
you wanna like you have to choose you
need to either keep up with everyone
else or the person you're watching yeah
I can I can watch three episodes max
really yep
oh my god that's unacceptable oh yeah oh
yeah it's it's it's it makes it
sometimes I'll just bite the bullet nah
I'll watch something twice with her you
know oh go ahead and then pretend I
haven't let's see what happens next and
I'll Audrey watch three things three
episodes of already sick like and I
can't do that she'll see right through
me I'm gonna pull you down terrible iron
so it's just like
you know it's it's a it's a first one
problem for and for those asking to chat
where you find a woman who's into
counterfeit stuff go to a comic book
store with any of girls like comic books
there's plenty of nerdy girls out just
gotta find the way
so ya know I'm liking that that's a
really great thing about Lisa where it's
just like she's down with the binge
watching if we have the only problem is
we don't have the time anymore we're
very limited adults watching TV time now
and so but you know if we have the time
man we will we will go through god damn
it
oh god damn it indeed
what the fuck is a comic book start find
your local comic book store and just
hang out there I died first time I've
died on destroy man in like five years
Oh oh my god I'm so sorry Richard I am
too I am too if you fight if you can't
find a girl who's into comics to settle
for a man it says riot you know unless
you're gay you know since that's why did
you do that first but then why even look
for a girl if you're game if you're a
gay man why even look for girl children
confirmed for a bad idea children eat up
a lot of time I don't want to you have
to be prepared for that you have to be
prepared for children to pick up a lot
of time they have their own don't have
or don't have him if you're not in the
confines as well as someone who has
children I completely understand people
who don't want them they as they take up
a lot of time but be prepared for that
be prepared for that but it's a it's a
it's a good thing if you if you like
children
and I ain't watching they're good people
if you teach them correctly they're
Center spoiled they're horrible assholes
at first but you teach them you'll learn
them good rich you learn them real good
you get someone to take care of you when
you're old that's possible that's why
you have to treat them very well you
have to make them like me that's the
important part
yeah it's very hard if they don't like
you though then you're fucked but you
also can't like it can't be nothing but
them liking you I do need to be strictly
also the the real victory with children
which is you get to mold part of the
next generation but this is the
generation that no matter what will care
for you when you're old - no man I mean
like whether they're your children or
not they're gonna be your doctors right
they're gonna be the people that look
out for you and so like for example
teaching my children that there are only
three Star Wars movies is very important
and they will grow up knowing only three
Star Wars movies
Paul Rako says as a parent aren't you
afraid that they will grow up to be an
asshole yes I am afraid that but you
know I'm doing I tried to teach him not
to be an asshole that's that's your
number one job teach him not to be an
asshole
empathy enough to teach them and that's
some of our biggest talks how would that
make me how would that make you feel if
you if someone said that
dr. J says so decades of treating them
well so they can be nice to you in the
last three shitty years
yeah the cost-benefit ratio was kind of
whack there you know I could see that
unless you raised like the future
President of the United States so Obama
Clinton before that Clinton did not come
from I want to say he was big on the
scholarship but he he came from a poor
southern family bill not the next
president which I mean it's gonna happen
people you can't yeah it's a good idea
you know as far as right now that's
what's going to happen whether it's a
good idea is the country swinging right
or left right it's it's ringing what win
pretty big the last elections yeah yeah
yeah I don't know if they still have
momentum from that you know they're
they're losing a lot of their religious
right but I still think in general as
far as like momentum and popular vote
Hillary hasn't right now what is this I
hear from a seventh ranked killer
whatever it's over anyway
and we're back and you know rich you
were correct to mute as we're getting
into political talk okay I think you are
I like and like I said I I am not
officially saying like it is a good or
bad idea to vote for Hillary I'm just
saying as far as like as far as what I
think is going to happen that's that's
what I think is gonna happen like no
matter no matter what I and everyone
everyone knew that Bush jr. was getting
a second term
no no one no one liked I don't even
remember his name who ran against Bush
clear sec Kerry John Kerry nobody like
John Kerry even liberals didn't like
John Kerry and nobody nobody thought
that uh Mitt Romney was going to win
whether you liked him or not Barack at
the moment and so that's what it's all
about is momentum so I'm not I'm not
saying anything is right or wrong I'm
just saying what I feel and
Hey when I hit number one you better be
looking your best no need to pretty out
I want you to see me for who I really am
serious
and we're back okay so speaking the
Farscape
oh oh you know what I was gonna make a
fart joke Oh
Travis's character has a motivational
jack if if he makes it to rank one
Sylvia might sleep with him that's not
motivation that's that's totally his
motivation he did she say she would she
implied she might I guess
she's obviously just fucking with him as
the player you know that she's fucking
yes but he but his character thinks that
it might be I mean that's I guess that's
fine motivation is it like is it weird
that motivation look Chet you can call
Travis a retard but the fact is she does
kind of end up falling for him in the
end you know sure sure
does it work does he get some I'm not
saying oh you know how you got spoiling
it I'm not spoiling it oh I like that
Jack's thoughts on cutscenes is more
controversial than anything he can say
on politics I'm just gonna say downward
fucking dog you've played the games you
know exactly what I'm talking about
downward fucking dog how about f-prot
ski thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it
you know I did character motivation is
an important thing to me
I like escapism hi I like losing myself
in a story so yes I would want to make
sure and and if the motivation is that
he just wants to get some I think that
is clear motivation so that's fine you
know downward-facing dog is a yoga
position yes I know yeah it's it's a
reference to a dialogue in the second
I'm sure I'm sure
dungeon master blaster thank you for
subscribing and I've really enjoyed that
name I think that's a good name
Dungeon Master Blaster yes
it's referencing to thanks yes I agree
it's an efficient user name how do you
lose yourself in a story with no
cutscenes that's that's the question I
just say cutscenes are fine cutscenes
are fine this is thrown out this is the
question that gaming is this is the the
the call that gaming is trying to answer
and so like in in blood-borne there are
these little for example just because
that's the game of I opinions I'm
talking about but I'm little bits and
pieces like the bits of the little girl
but overall as a story but it's like
overall you're getting you're getting as
a player you're getting little pieces
and you know you talk to people in
Windows and you have an idea of the
world you're out hunting beasts but the
beasts talk like humans and are afraid
of you it's lots of hints though it's
not a narrative structure exactly
exactly it's lots of hints and so like I
as a player I get to
kind of piece together what I think is
happening just as I think my character
is trying to piece together I know I
know lots of people like that supposedly
the other Souls games are like that
doing people love talking about the lore
and and so like so someone is asking how
you can get immersed in this story and
it's because the story is in my head
there there's no greater immersion than
the illusion that I've created and every
piece you know like adds a little chunk
to the story that's in my head and it's
not ruined but your way you don't you
don't get downward fucking dog you right
I die you know what my way what I don't
get is like I don't get clever writing
and I don't get structure but structure
and immersion aren't necessarily the
same thing right oh sure sure but but so
like that this is like the big
difference and you know hopefully like
we delved into this a little bit during
the blood-borne discussion but like
there is a difference in video games
two regular stories and and this is one
of the big differences like us as the
player making our own narrative as if we
would in real life because it's a
different type I'm just saying one one
one method of storytelling doesn't need
to be completely discarded for all time
that's no that's true and I'm gonna
that's fine that see it's just not a
type of storytelling that I like okay
okay that is fair yeah well we're all
with you but Jack is there a gunshot
fade to black in your head no there
never is champ I I would just be annoyed
because the fun cutscenes would be
interrupted and stop to force me to push
a button when I there's no real need to
push button there's a cutscene just
gonna play out the way the cutscene is
gonna play out
so that would be extremely irritating
but this game doesn't have cuties so
it's fine yeah well I mean cuties I like
QuickTime events are a whole that's a
whole different right they should just
call them events like it's not like
there's a strict time limit it's not
like you you could you could fail one of
those unless maybe you're like
handicapped mm-hmm like you're like
missing all the fingers on your right
hand controller on the floor and hit
with your toe well but I suppose if you
if you're missing all the fingers on
your hand you're playing with your toes
in general so so then it should be fine
and I like that it's you know quasi lame
there there's one one bit in in our
discussion that I'd like to bring up
what they're saying they but Jack yet
you prefer to stop and read endless
paragraphs during the gameplay of
Metroid and and this is just tying into
our whole story or what not but but see
the thing with Metroid Prime is part of
the game mechanic is scanning things to
get information that is integral to the
game you scan enemies to get information
on their weak points you scan doors to
open them that you scanning is a part of
the game and then so scanning lore is
integrated into that gameplay mechanic
therefore I like it is there a good game
that has QuickTime events I mean like if
you're gonna complain that have
QuickTime events but they're not good
because of the QuickTime events like
vanquishes a handful sure there's not
enough of them that really detract from
the game the the question is is there a
QuickTime event that makes a game here's
a question for the chat is there a
QuickTime event that is fun that's well
this is the thing where as I ever been a
gameplay macaque right like has like
have you ever had a QuickTime event
where you're like oh man I nailed that
isn't it just for stupid people to make
them think they're doing that thing on a
game they're not really doing no no but
I here's the thing what you've done is I
mean you've insulted them but that was
that was just a harsh opinion yeah it
was and it's like yeah like God of War
Gears of oh god I couldn't play God of
War I fucking hated that shit you do the
fancy thing with the monsters when you
hit the triangle button when the
triangle button comes up and you're not
really doing that it's just it's the
scripted event that's gonna happen use
it and button to continue the scripted
event it's not like you can choose not
to and I think that's like that's the
one of the greatest examples because it
was one of the early ones which is like
the combat and God of War was really
great and fluid right it was wonderful
like God of War had great combat and
then for the boss battles they said okay
this really great combat that you've
been mastering for the rest of the game
we're not gonna use that we're you have
to press this one yeah
and instead of instead of using what
you've been learning you just have to
press this button
that's exactly set of triangle being the
button to do the overhead swing with the
chained weapon now now for some reason
triangle is the button that rips out the
giant snake dog it's only used once but
now it's the button that rips out the
giant snake tongue right right right
it's insane it's it's because they want
they want this amazing thing to happen
they want you to rip out the snake's
tongue right but they don't want you the
player to fuck it up so here's the thing
player we don't want you to fuck up this
cool thing we want to happen
okay syringe yeah
now that we've stated something far more
controversial than
politics QuickTime events what do you
want to do you wanna call it okay if you
want I mean I thought that was a pretty
good tree listen I'm fine also watch
good here's the thing if you if you go
home and play blood-borne I will
completely understand if you go home and
watch daredevil yeah I mean you should
just so we have something to talk about
see so we have something to talk about
later either way I'll understand
completely the way this monitor is I
can't see the time on my computer it is
it is 11 o clock we can call it we're
gonna call it yeah okay
well then thank you everyone for coming
out thank you to all of our new
subscribers thank you to all of our old
subscribers and just thank you to
everyone in general I thought this was a
really fun chat
