Apr 26, 2015
Convoy
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4955043
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4956776
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GzLacR19MM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzofMHcMhWI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/592504467607556096
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/592399699350401025

[Part I]
no kidding you know laws in other
countries are very different I didn't
hide it so even there I didn't get away
with something like that I mean that's
just honestly Jack I'm an open-minded
man but that's that's just disgusting
you know it's just disgusting I guess I
guess I forgot sake Jack got a great big
convoy everybody Jack is super quiet
that's because I'm sitting I was working
is her thing working we have a thing
thanks to leftover beefcake made us a
thing shout out the leftover beef King -
leftover beef oh now that's too hot
they're real leftover beef cake made us
a twitch chat watcher which will archive
all of the old and new subscribers all
right oh my god that game is so loud and
so we already have a couple of looks
like right
looks like we have two or one missile
good now Harry fed thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
and that last one well you can just wait
you you you you showed up a little bit
too late
next time beyond the trolley I can't
hear again
let's turn down on the OBS so I can
still see it looks loud it's great
leftover beefcake it works great
although I just turned on the game by
so tinkering with the game volume huh
still take still tinkering with the game
volume we we recorded the next prereq
episode today and so audio settings got
changed a little bit and rich and I are
in different chairs which that was our
problem
oh really we're in different chairs cuz
this is normally your mic well we go
back just with two of us here it seemed
weird to both be on them yeah love seed
you know cuz I'm not in love with you it
just seemed weird I'm gonna sit over on
this other chair because you know three
is the magic number then you know one
guy in the chair - it'll of suit that
makes sense right no two people two guys
unless you're unless you know unless
you're gay it's fine it's fine if you're
gay and you're in love but just to do
just on the same love see that's weird
that's weird I agree no I agree
everything is great now everything is
great all the time
non-stop here I hit mute there go thank
you
if you're gay I don't love I mean you
don't have to be in love if you're gay
to sit next to each other you could just
like someone yeah yeah puritan you have
to be married and in love
we aren't we're gonna play convoy
tonight we couldn't decide what to play
and rich and I are together also which
is I mean you know not to get rich and I
are you know I'll just shitbags Chambal
obviously does that but your give Matt
I'm just saying because we filmed the
episode I just hung out at the studio so
rich and I are streaming to in the same
room together tonight I'm not a hack and
a half let me tweet out that we are
playing convoy right now convoy
honk-honk
neither feather
honk-honk Miller for there huh it
autocorrected motherfucker and I decided
to go with it okay
another unitive flipper another flipper
I think that's it
okay what is what is convoy you know
more about this game than I do
all I know about it this was this was
another kick-started game and the Rising
Sun why why do you think I hate portal 2
III like the portal games quite a bit
I would even make you think I hated the
portal 2 it seems strange yeah that's
really weird
I prefer portal 1 to portal 2 hey you
might maybe you're thinking of me maybe
you think of Jack I I talked to like I
think portal 2 was a little stretched
out and I didn't like all of the I did
not I mean I liked them like olive like
the bounce go and that kind of stuff
well I liked those elements I thought it
lacked the razor edge simplicity of the
first one yeah I might agree with you
out of being a little bit too long but
you don't get the lemon speech sure sure
and like I said I know you know you need
you need JK Simmons its JK Simmons Reza
sings yeah okay no in Portal 2 I think
portal is a gene
I think portal 2 is a really good game
but if I had to choose between portal 1
and portal 2 I would choose portal 1
okay I still like portal 2 people settle
down if you're chatting about it already
I like portal 2 so this is another
Kickstarter game and from what I hear
this is FTL meets Mad Max and so I
thought it appropriate for us because we
both really liked
tl that we play that's that's what I got
okay we should probably the tutorial
right now I'm playing rich has given me
the reins because he thinks it's funny
when I fail and I just we just we just
got done photo something I'm gonna a
sit-down server good
I want the pressure of learning game
live okay all right
welcome to convoy your mission is to
find and collect parts to repair your
spaceship great
these parts are scattered around the
world you'll have to explore to find
them you can also collect bolts and loot
your upgrade oh ok bolts are scrapped
great this is very important since there
a lot of enemies trying to get a piece
of your cargo in this tutorial we will
start by learning the basics of it
great this is your main convoy vehicle
your convoy survival is of the greatest
important this is your escort unit
that's each vehicle has a sentiment of
health and armor so we have a main
vehicle and then a small vehicle shirin
like this is what this is what needs to
survive and this is what protects it's
like Mad Max the big ones like the gas
tanker yeah yeah Mad Max matrix Mad Max
actually usually got in the tanker I
guess at the end of the movie sure but
otherwise this like little cars drive
around machine guns Melvin is that what
I'm getting at let's sit here now order
the unit to move to the highlighted
square ok say you you regular click on
it and then regular Oh regular click on
the unit then left click or right click
to move it to the square to move it
around what's probably the area of
attack code yes it appears we're being
chased by a privateer oh we should fight
back before it takes our cargo you're
right we should the game can be paused
pressing the spacebar
that's just like ft I was just like FTL
that's great so target with left click
and click right click on their target
confirmed
spacebar enemy is out of range move
closer oh it doesn't automatically move
closer that's kind of bullshit you would
think you would just move towards the na
what that's that's fine
okay great shot armor protects e in
itself by reducing an equal percentage
of incoming damage example you know
would receive ten damage and has 40%
armor it only takes six damage great
which spoilers what the road Wario that
forty-year-old movie that you should
have seen by now because it's fucking
awesome and they're remaking it you need
to see the original already know remake
here's a single Jack I can see is it a
sequel I don't know really matters which
is which okay you can trim but it also
reduces your damage
notice how units have a rank next to
their health bar you only push an enemy
of equal rank your lower I don't want to
ram it what else can you do
you're just shooting at it oh let's just
shoot you know very FTL you said a
target it does the work for you I think
it wants me to ram it but I'm not going
to just assume what you're taking much
damage no no well yes it's it's a
lowering my arm on oh this is overall
help abilities need to be targeted
manually use your EMP ability to stun
the enemy finished off
are you okay EMP buster oh right
okay meet
somebody definitely liked FTL yeah I
want to say like that was it was in the
Kickstarter pitch like this is we're
making an FTL in a different setting
okay let's see here the new unit the you
unit doesn't have any items equipped so
quick you'll need to go it's a camp yeah
we get to go to camp resources vaults
great tracker this looks neat but it
seems like a lot to learn in the stream
this is what we're doing right so guys
what we said we're doing okay I'm sorry
way and my policy Jen don't stream
something you don't know that's your
models it is my policy I think that's a
terrible policy model really yeah this
is part of the fun all right or not I
don't know because they're the only
stream games that you know then you miss
out on like like the explanation of the
game because you know it's so well
already even when you're streaming
you're not taking in this information as
well as you would be I think and that's
really true that's really true let's see
you
okay let's say further news can follow
the arrow next to cowboy and drive it to
the kid
why not demon souls because you can't
always get what you wanted uh and we
didn't have the ps3 with us yeah we
weren't sure how late we were gonna film
the episode so we didn't know what kind
of stream was happening tonight's over
it's just brought us PC and we'll do
demon souls and someone did mention us
playing like demon souls or Dark Souls
tonight now that we love blood-borne
yeah but it would really mess us up
because the controls would be slightly
different yeah so to really mess it's
not playing like we always want to do is
use the gun right we played so much
blood-borne I'm still playing
blood-borne that's a great fucking game
yeah agreed
ok so how do we wait follow the arrow
next to your convoy and drive to the
camp
okay
camp so what
but I know I know you're itching to play
that demon souls I do though I want to
play the demon souls I'm assuming you'll
be streaming that at some point yeah I
don't know what button to press right
mouse button to move right bat mouse
button by the way there's a thing on the
screen that says what to do it tells you
what if I could say it's text it's not
even a button problem is actually text
explaining the directions that you need
to do with your hand
I always pressing the other mouse button
I can now it's a can so Portugal
Portugal of a man named camp you can buy
items from the shop you can also upgrade
repair your kind of boy
so like a vehicle this guy looked meat
was I disappointed with grand theft auto
5 for PC like I was but next gen I you
know because I got that free copy on the
ps4 I have any mothered with the PC
version oh that's like there's I don't
I've already got two copies of the game
I think that's where I draw a line two
copies yeah except except for thief
because I bought two actually have two
extra copies of that cuz I love that
game so much yeah it's like yeah I have
in the days before you could really make
your own backups of things easily oh
sure sure when when thief got cheap I
bought two different companies I've got
three copies of thief gold and I've got
three copies of thief to like one backup
was not enough I have three copies of
The Binding of Isaac rebirth yeah I have
one for the PC one for the Vita and one
for the PlayStation 4 did we know that
crypt of the necrodancer got a full
release I don't know it has a full oh
you just no no no yeah that got a full
release I haven't been on Steam March
since blood-borne oh sure blood-borne
and and shovel knight say both of the
singer were
we're done on the ps4 oh yeah steam is
my Steam account has not gotten much
love if you've sent me like messages or
a gift or something and I haven't
responded that's because I just haven't
been around Kirk the necrodancer gets
full release invisible ink is coming out
with the full release assuming in a
couple weeks a hand of fate got a DLC
pack Duke up and blood-borne got a patch
listen what's the DLC pack for new deck
a new deck new new encounters this so
might be time for an active added in the
story mode or separate story mode or is
it only something you can only use and
and no DLC area it's it said it added
added cards to the shuffle so I can only
assume maybe it adds another layer of
story okay I don't know is the real
answer I'm excited for a visible ink I'm
I'm I'm excited for crypt of the
necrodancer yeah I'm interested in
whatever hand of fate thing we just
released mmm know if I'd buy extra five
bucks are we excited for Arkham Knight I
am both excited and worried I'm excited
because I I i love the other games I
even like origins a lot of people shit
on origin origins Arkham origins I I
still liked origins not as much but as I
still liked it but everything I've seen
from Knight just looks cut blah to me I
hate the bad suit the gameplay they've
shown it's all Batmobile Batmobile look
there's a Batmobile I don't want to
drive around a tank in game I just don't
and it might be the ugliest version of
his costume that's superficial I know
that's superficial but every every time
I see footage from the game I'm like Oh
Batman looks like crap it's what you're
looking at it's what you're looking at
all game absolutely
alright here's what we're gonna do I'm
gonna take a little break and and thank
our subscribers yeah that sounds like a
great idea
because I'm taking in with it what I've
learned so red-letter Madea
first of all that's a great name space
Comeau loan rare Chun loaner our Chun I
cannot read that textbook that's okay
loner are John Wilkinson the clown Lloyd
beets fisted by dope smoke telegin pop
melon kg bait my bread thank you all for
subscribing we very much appreciated
okay think that's better yeah yeah okay
you like that so we ended a kg and bait
my bread will have to remember that okay
and again a huge thank you to leftover
beefcake for making this thing so far to
work everything than one it's everything
we wanted also juicy is um
is Banga Banga Doug in the in the chat I
haven't noticed him yet but I haven't
been keeping my eye out yet what
happened something crash oh we lost the
mouse slightly important one of the USB
devices attached to this computer has
malfunction okay oh I'll just turn it
off and turn it back on again
I have rich just said dango different
you know what different port port if
Bongo shows up we set the the Spock
shirt to read it's in this pocket I want
to have a conversation with him about
what might be the greatest beer I've
ever drank okay also lots of people
mentioning the jared leto joker oh okay
somebody saying he is here I haven't
seen his name I haven't seen him say
something that people are saying is here
Bongo that chestnut Brewing Company beer
you sent me specifically the one that
was like just like brewed with chestnuts
the one that I didn't want to drink here
in the same room as rich cuz I thought
he might die what some of the most
phenomenal beer I've ever drank thank
you so much for sending it again I've
been calling distributors to see where I
can get it in the closest place I can
get it to Chicago so I'm taking a road
trip down to Chicago to buy more
it was so fucking good oh my god thank
you so much
okay let's see what lots of talk about
the the new Joker Oh rich do you have
any opinions on the new Joker no wait
which is one image and you know what no
I'm you know what I'm gonna say about
the new Joker what when we saw the Joker
in Dark Knight why would Ron blank on
his name now you're making me draw a
blank on his name don't look at the chat
think of it yourself it'll it'll make
you feel better why am I trying now I
can't get over the fact that I'm from
the blanket his fucking name just
Brokeback Mountain yes I know a night's
first and I was at first first night was
it a nice day it was that first night I
want to say it was an even I know he was
a knight he was a knight in one I'm
looking at the chat I don't care if he
pleasure oh okay well no here's one
here's my thought about because we're
getting too far off the point here when
we first saw images of him and the Joker
with that fucked up makeup yeah everyone
hinging is that true I think so I want
to say when the screen shots like oh
that looks terrible sure when they saw
the movie oh that's fucking great so I
am going to reserve my judgment till I
see him life well not live so I see him
recorded on a movie screen all right I
think that's fair I think I think he'll
probably be wearing clothes over all of
it I mean so maybe I do think I do think
that it shows like the direction they're
going with Suicide Squad and I've never
read in Suicide Squad so I don't know
like what it looks like wise but like
yeah they're going for a different Joker
which I commend the issue I'm having
with it is kind of the DC movie universe
dumbing things down in general like I
think we talked about this with Jay
talking about the Man of Steel trailer
whereas like not only do we need
Superman like being a false god someone
wrote false Scott on the Superman statue
like yeah we fucking know already and so
here we have Joker with the word damage
to tattooed on his forehead so i
retweeted a really great picture of a
photoshop someone did Ben
black with like I fight crime because
both of my parents are dead tattooed on
his forehead it's it's just a little on
the nose good good job rich you're
learning look I think it's perfectly
fair to not be interested in a thing
without without having an experience at
first I I don't I don't really care that
much for Star Wars and most of your
modern shooters I don't like as much as
your old school ones so I have no reason
to be excited for battle from cuz that
was the whole thing okay so we're gonna
go we're gonna look for our flux
capacitor you need a flux capacitor a
flux capacitor and so we kind of drive
towards our flux capacitor which is over
here what are these things these are
probably encounters oh yeah okay oh okay
and then if you have over these things
they're like encounters signal appears
to be coming from a massive old
overgrown football stadium
the local fauna has overtaken the
majority of the stadium that looks
investigate football players sorry I
head to the field sure as you pass the
jerseys you've been smelling rotting
flesh upon closer inspection they appear
I'll be rotting torsos inside though you
cringe hold down your vomit and keep
walking upon reaching the middle of
field you instantly feel a change in
temperature rich has anyone ever been
injured while filming some of the more
chaotic half in the bag scenes there was
this one scene one of the earlier half
of the bags I think it was the episode
were throwing the bricks around the
bricks were coming through the windows
and I'm like holding some kind of like
large dinner plate in my hand and the
brick comes through it smashes through
the the platter I'm holding mmm
porcelain cut off my finger something
real good oh man there's like the
bleeding would not stop and I was
holding my hands like above my head
mm-hmm it's try and stop the bleeding
and mikage and we're getting pissed at
me because I was holding my hand up they
thought I was making too big a deal out
of it but like I'm sitting here and like
blood is leaking down my arm I'm fucking
bleeding this is what you're supposed to
do when you're bleeding don't get me
sure about that right they had me leave
the room was I was bothering them with
my bloody hand so I can see that yeah
oh my god
click here and I can use my EMT blast
but spring tide that we've ordered the
battery time
oh yeah the battery might have died ok
well I can't see chat anymore yeah in
the back pocket of that is a pirate
urgent
oh I forgot something I forgot something
of course no no I'm not even close I'm
actually might lose the game I forgot
about a really important thing which is
choosing it which is clicking on enemies
to fire upon oh that's really important
really really important well that's okay
we're learning we're learning you have
to click on enemies to fire bomber so I
might lose like really really fast
that's okay
yeah learning it's a learning experience
it's a teachable moment there's a power
button on the top right of the keyboard
see it you see it nothing happened wait
oh wait okay you're gonna have to type
in passwords to shut
all right we're good we're going over
were coming back
oh no the cold you got a power cord get
pulled up maybe power again ha ha ha and
I did ha I did it wasn't fast enough
fuck it fuck it
hold on I'm in the middle of an attack
oh I know you do your back I'm getting
this are you gonna win are you are you
firing it yeah you're firing out I'm
gonna win this battle I'm priming the
game overall I'm probably gonna lose
because all of my health is down they've
destroyed all of my health it doesn't
exactly have the pacing of a Mad Max
movie no it doesn't quite have the
pacing of a Mad Max movie it and it's a
little too intense for an FTL but well
enya that was my problem as I was in FTL
mode vehicles destroyed it's an easy
task to blast the Warriors okay I get
some loot onward open map okay
so we are heading towards the flux
kippah some of the events are random the
events are random except for like these
yellow ones like I could choose to
ignore this but I'm not gonna go wait
wait wait before you start this oh yeah
thank you okay okay I can see the chat
again except this is unable to connect
the chat yay is the Internet I'll be
connecting I don't know or whatever it's
fine
free trading in okay one of the
merchants claims you have free trade
anything here explained mostly marketing
trade and now well we really need our
weapons to defend ourselves so you can
buy one of these if you haven't
installed if here's nothing heavy plasma
blaster did you know they were remaking
gremlins I have not heard that but then
again I'm not surprised gremlins is one
of the best movies ever yet nobody
really talks about it never it doesn't
don't people talk about it I really I
mean I don't see much gremlins love
online or anything really I maybe just I
haven't noticed I don't know it's one of
my favorite movies Carolyn's is great I
need to go to camp I think I need to
repair when I start heading towards camp
if if twitch says we're playing dead
rising I think you need to refresh yes I
did update that and I double-checked we
all hate twitch says we're playing
convoy my mind says we're playing cowboy
too so okay great
a refresh will fix that
yes fuck it we're fighting
okay I know how to fight now dish check
you got the gifts for lick you Kevin
right somebody's saying they they sent
us stuff and I never got collected on
the Steam I got those gifts okay
did I not accept them I don't know you
might not have somebody saying we didn't
except for oh I'm sorry I know I got
them and that was one of the things we
were thinking about playing tonight I'll
look into it I will look into it hi
here's I'm gonna try doubling up on my
guns they came out with an EMP
I heard music says go to Seb TL music
the music doesn't fit like a
post-apocalyptic thing this is way too
like optimistic and peppy yeah this is
you know this is very FTL music yeah
this is not what we need we need for the
theme it needs to be something entirely
different
we need like a twang yeah old dusty like
just a steel guitar are you rained you
are not in range okay these guys need to
be in range so we're gonna actually move
up here I'm gonna lose right now
do you like punk rock or heavy metal
more well they're both fine genres yeah
I probably lean towards heavy metal
though yeah some Metallica before they
were dicks some black salmon before they
were dicks that's great you know I I
went through I think like everyone might
him a little bit younger than you but I
went through a huge pop punk phase yeah
you know like when the Green Day came
around days just good it was nothing but
Green Day MxPx
me first and the Gimme Kimmie's
Goldfinger any any of that pop punk
stuff I love this shit out of it so I
think like I still really enjoy not
really enjoy I still really enjoy some
of that pop punk stuff chad is saying I
would be a good heavy metal vocalists
you would be welcome to jungle we got
fun games yeah I agree
the head the metal would be strong with
you Matt I would be strong I do smell
copper
I like small copper we can name our
units here all right we're gonna try
again now that I understand the kind of
n maybe I won't die so I think I blew
out their ears oh I'm sorry sorry
everybody that's that's the price to pay
for mentioning the heavy metal road rage
I'm sorry didn't know that what happened
don't know I have I sometimes forget my
own power I'm like Black Bolt
here like who black gold like both in
humans got the tuning fork in his head
oh I can't talk or whole like blow up
mountains oh right right said I don't
know much about the inhuman you're kind
of book dork
I don't know much about demons all right
187 miles hundred and twenty-one okay
we're gonna get this one's the closest
so we're gonna go towards the
compression coil it's my plan anyway
so you see like you can choose your
objective right these are the things you
need to repair your ship and so when you
click on them a little arrow shows up
here and that's the direction needs it
that's we're going towards our
compression coil now oh these colors are
like the different factions tour box the
Raiders the whatnots the Hoos it's okay
there's a camp oh your scanners show
several blips - they're just some
tumbleweeds ok great rich how would you
how would you classify your high school
clique Mike Mike
I'm a lone wolf I don't have it I have a
clique ain't no fucking clique I didn't
want to be a part of your fucking group
I wanted to be left the fuck alone Mike
that's funny I need you to transport
sure
great
if we deliver a thing we get we get
money I also did not have a clique in
high school I was a jumper jumper like
like like they had to talk you off of
the roof like the counselors came in
yeah so so no one wanted don't do it or
do it we don't have everything to live
for or you don't we don't know you that
well
no I jumped from group to group who said
what I was thinking perhaps we shouldn't
deliver this tour back by Thursday we
could try selling it no we're gonna
deliver it we said we were gonna deliver
it we're gonna do it with a fucking tour
vac thing okay I want to get into STNG
where do I start I'm assuming you're
talking about start record your next
generation yeah season three well you
can start with your season two's not bad
but season three I guess some good good
next great episodes in next gen in
season three I think just start from the
beginning no no no skip season one you
if you're not if you're not already
prone to liking Star Trek to begin with
yeah season one will scare you off cuz
season one is fucking awful start at the
very least start with two though I
recommend starting with three and if you
like three go to season two okay then if
you like season two em season three then
start watching season one and if you
still can't stand season one fuck it go
straight to season four that's my
recommendation best I don't know I don't
know if it's a good episode I mean I had
a good starting episode but my favorite
episode who watches the Watchers oh yeah
that's a great one that's just that's
some classic TNG karien shit for these
guys and they're giving me shit that's
what people do they give you shit
they're giving me shit rich season two
has dr. elderly though yeah she was much
more interesting than dr. crusher I
don't care if she was elderly I don't
watch Star Trek because of the hot women
I
I'm not I'm not very fond of dr. crusher
cuz she just seems like a soap opera
doctor I'm saying lines
hand me the scalpel laser and I'll do
the medical thing
I can't buy gates mcfadden is being like
intelligent I just can't do it yeah
whereas whereas I'm trying to flank on
her name because I'm drunk blanket
everybody's name doctor elderly yeah
she's just great she's a crusty old
doctor she has a better chemistry with
with a car not necessarily romantic
chemistry right there character
interactions I always thought were much
more interesting sure she and she had a
thing
she had a and she wasn't a transporter
transporter analogy she wasn't that fun
the droid oh yeah yeah then she was a
much more interesting character Pulaski
Pulaski nice was that euros that to chat
oh yes we're doing much better in combat
this time I'm understanding how to play
this it was very exciting for me except
for I forgot to target him again
oh my god oh my god what did you crash
into something apparently you can crash
into things that sounds great
apparently you can crash into things I
just lost a fucking it car they don't
automatically drive out of the way ever
you would think I I don't I also don't
think I can steer my convoy but no my
cars don't automatically jump out of the
way
fuck fuck cart and crusher got married
and divorced in the last episode yeah
it's a time travel episode so that all
counts for Jack shit
fuck
boink
Roger Wilco is driving your vehicles is
that true that's a Space Quest reference
so sorry you can't fit in the racks the
desert racks okay okay that was a clever
reference I liked it
Oh
I don't know how to repair SF debris
debris so I don't know how the same is
pronounced there's another review guy in
a Star Trek episode he's he's a lot of
like and hate whoever he wants it
doesn't change my opinion on Pulaski and
crusher I still like to ask you more and
that's my personal opinion
you are you are free to disagree and I
know most people do you know I enjoyed
parts of what Wesley Crusher was
bringing to it there there were some
like you know father issues that he was
dealing with with Picard that I locked
on to sure he was still there without
without Beverly question but Beverly
added to that storyline yeah I'm not
saying that makes her worth it I'm just
saying I like that aspect let's see here
or hell leftover beefcake disagrees and
he did make her awesome new twitch
program so that's worth something
how do we repair anybody I just I just
don't understand what what Beverly
Crusher brought to the show that
everybody likes other than that she's a
more attractive woman then dr. Pulaski
was I think that I don't I don't
understand what you get with Beverly
Crusher that you didn't get with Pulaski
you get the love triangle thing never no
never never paid off never went anywhere
they didn't ever had great chemistry
together they brought it up once twice
and the writers realize well this just
isn't working on screen and we'll let
that some plot drop and they brought it
up again in like season seven and once
and forgot about it again how do i
repair my fucking car I don't know look
at this I hate this little repair button
this shit are you Jim can you not afford
it cost is five screws I have a hundred
and fifty four screws and I got 200 HP
back and that armor back anyone know how
to play this fucking game I don't mean
to sound mean I'm enjoying it mostly but
I don't know how to repair crusher had
respect for data and and captain Pulaski
was a not nice person the fact that she
didn't have respect for data that was
some scene that was some meat for some
interesting character interaction that
there's some drama you can mine out of
that that conflict they can she can grow
as a character to either you know hate
him more or like him more but with
pressure they were just friends
we're friends of everybody everyone gets
along that's less interesting Pulaski
worked better because she didn't get
along with data because she was willing
to clash with the card
yeah oh we're his classic trek worth a
watch harsh me to say cuz I kind of grew
up with it beside oh no I don't know how
dated I would I would feel classic Trek
is if I just started watching it fresh I
might feel it weird dated there's some
good episodes classic very quiet yeah
but it is I mean it's not it's not
next-gen you know it's cheap III call
next gen peak Star Trek which means I
think it's the it's the most perfect
Star Trek has ever been was next gen I'm
not gonna be happy this is a real thing
that I want to let you know I'm not
gonna be happy until I figure out how to
repair my ships okay
it's obviously just not clicking on that
that would be nice
I just know we have a malfunctioning air
freshener I know all I can smell is
that's like rubbing alcohol and flowers
right behind you unplug it it's fucking
on plug it right
why is your stupid plug like a magnet
with no surface tension that is the
dumbest thing that's just designed to
fall out it's designed to fall out and
not hurt your computer so if say a young
child is running past and trips on it it
pulls out easily it's not my fault that
you are a brute can anyone in a chat
tell me how to repair my ship to repair
from main camp screen click the repair
button the cursor will add a little
repair icon and then click on your
vehicle oh look but it doesn't look at
this so so not over here but just when
you're over your vehicle oh that's weird
that's dumb I get enough thank you sorry
about that everybody that I just I
needed to I just needed to know you that
should just happen right away that the
device came from clay dough one Thank
You clay dough one as a heads-up convoy
that should just had like I click on it
and it changes it into the wrench right
away there was no way I could have known
that I also issued it nice pent my money
incorrectly but that's fine that's fine
ok so now we're gonna go back to this
one okay head back over here
they're gonna head to the the milspec
cuz I'll get lots of money a voice calls
out to you on the radio
you are the scumbag that stole our
fuelled cubes soup 43 hit hit refresh
and it should no longer say we are
playing dead rising yes ready weapons
alright here we go
Jesus I'm not prepared for this place
Jesus Christ any any thoughts on
enterprise personally I thought it got
more hate than it deserved I couldn't I
got like four isn't four episodes into
season one and I stopped watching it
entirely oh yeah I'm like a huge Star
Trek fan so I I couldn't stand it I
didn't even start watching it outside of
the church it just look done no offense
to Bakula who I love but it just looked
out Chef people who still think it's
those Dead Rising and if refresh isn't
working it clearly says convoy on the
screen I'm looking at so I'm gonna blame
twitch if you're still having issues I
think that's fair there's fair blame to
be out there yeah
I mean any thoughts on deep space 9 it's
fine show wasn't my thing - it was like
that's different
whereas next-gen was like wrapped up in
morality yeah and philosophy deep space
9 was was a political drama yeah and
it's just not mine so not my thing
nothing nothing personally I guess it's
just not my thing that's unusual for
being a Star Trek series that kind of
embraced war yeah Roddenberry's
Roddenberry's naive vision does that
humanity would grow completely beyond
all of that and we would reason our way
out of everything and deep space 9 comes
along and snow we're still gonna have
war and it's gonna be really really
horrible war that drags in an entire
galaxies oh yeah
no and I understand why people like it
but you know I was such a fan of
next-gen that I just couldn't get into
it
nice oh no that's that's fine okay we're
doing great
we're doing great I'm understanding how
this game works now and I'm kind of
enjoying it I'll tell you this excellent
excellent
but actually a little upset that we got
this on Rich's computer but that's okay
okay first thing is go to the shop see
if I can buy another dude I can't that's
all right
that's fine return so then we're going
to prepare cuz I know how to repair now
which I'm very excited about
I should probably some more fuel - have
you ever watched the animated - Star
Trek universe in the 70s kind of I
didn't even know that was the thing yeah
yes they had some of the same writers of
the original series they got they got
like Shatner and Nimoy and everyone back
to do the voices so it's actually their
voices and some of the episodes you know
they're lot sure very well-written it
feels like a lost season of the original
series really yeah yeah the animated
series some quality episodes I
ironically because it's animated they
could do some things they never would
have had the budget for and the
live-action series sure like I remember
there's a giant and like a gigantic ship
like weird-looking bug monsters and you
never see that yeah it sounds great
that's fun okay
oh well here it is we get there who who
is the best blind actor Rutger Hauer
that's blank URI reference that's a
movie the movie I've never seen right
it's a good guy I'm trying to think of
an actual blind actor I don't I can't
think of any I don't know you know the
best Bond actor I never plays blind
characters and you never know he's blind
right Jack Nicholson was blind you know
that he's a great fucking actor yeah oh
yeah okay we should get a ton of money
for this unless it's a we're pleased we
were already oh I guess it's money
yeah I do business great that's too far
away you know you know what you know
what blind fury is Jack what is blind
fury it's like a the tone would be
lighter but it's like if they made a
movie about stick oh okay that sounds
cool like stick camp sticks a new
character another dude a younger less
less bitter stick okay all right then I
can definitely get down although I mean
the old bitter stick is good sure sure
right
it's got his walking stick this is a
katana blade hidden in the walking stick
this is a movie I'd yes blind fury I
love it how I never denied some b-movie
it's a b-movie that's a good be movie
for sure
turn
this guy change the back give you these
guys
upgrade at armor
your range
turn I am figuring this out rich and
that you you ready you figure that thing
out I am pretty excited about this but
if I seen the original blind samurai
films just likes a series of films about
a blind samurai that blind theory was
based on I think you Jimbo
I think I think I have not seen want to
kind of want to know but I heard about
it I haven't seen any of a lot of
properties are telling you cowboy dude
is it radio them back fuck you guys
we ain't giving you shit
do i watch classic UK sci-fi TV shows um
I'm not a big fan of Doctor Who right I
kept trying to think of other ones
another's Red Dwarf some first episode
didn't like first episode in Red Dwarf
I'm trying to think of others I can't
think of many other British sci-fi it's
not off the top of my head I'm funny and
a probably seen them and loved it or
whatever it was the only two that come
to mind is the first things a British
sci-fi ored 4-conductor yeah yeah that's
pretty much oh you know I tried to get
into the new who I know you did and I'm
really sorry that you didn't like it
yeah just cuz it is something that I
enjoy a lot but what happens dick
this music is so chill yeah it's it
doesn't fit I think like if I play this
just by myself I'm just gonna turn it
off and turn on like risk of rain
soundtrack risk of rain soundtrack would
work is shockingly well with this by the
way
go right through it no that's fine just
go right through bringing a black mirror
I'm tired I just haven't seen any a
black girl I have nothing against it I
like it a lot based on what I've heard
yeah you would like it a lot
blackberries fun is there any other
notable British sci-fi TV I mean I'm
sure I know there's I know there's UFO
which is what XCOM was actually based
off of oh yeah XCOM was originally
called UFO it was basically ripping off
that TV show organization that that
studied UFOs that were invading and
serious era that's really funny I've
never seen it like that Torchwood
haven't seen it Torchwood's good I
wouldn't necessarily call Torchwood
sci-fi but tour if you like detective
shows talk to it is very oh no oh no
that's I'm thinking of something
entirely different
Blake 7 haven't haven't seen it I've
never even heard of that oh you know you
know what you would hate Torchwood
because it's a doctor who's been off oh
yeah yeah recommended that bunch of
people just program I mentioned what are
the other British sci-fi the sheriff's
Android
I guess I guess farce Great Escape is
Australian yeah
very easily doesn't require
okay trying to catch up I suppose it's
been a while we should catch up um let's
see here
Master Kenobi double-oh-seven Lord gonzo
pizza train 11 regiment ring neck and oz
Mike thank you all for subscribing
we very much appreciate it we really do
that's that's great also like let us
know if you guys how do you guys feel
about this like us and yeah I'll get
this one too cuz it's right now nervous
chicken thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it
we really do so what do you guys what do
you guys feel about us lumping the
subscription thank-yous together does
that help
I'm gonna say that I like it because
we're not stopping what we're talking
about to do the shoutout I suppose I
like that I do okay I'm with you I'm
with it we never we because we have this
list right here thank you so much again
leftover beefcake I never feel compelled
to like stop our conversation maybe yes
yes alright then oh then we're gonna
stick with it
somebody's saying they liked it but they
enjoyed the months in a row bed yeah
that's that's kind of run its course
yeah
that monster oh we get it we get it yeah
we go I'm gonna get my flux capacitor
rich you you do that all right
you arrive at the professor's laboratory
or laboratory the plot around it is
littered with various bits of machinery
presumably discarded experiments whilst
the laboratory itself appears to be an
old hangar approach it you went to the
laboratory filled machines and
experiments for mana amidst the chaos
the professor's running around pulling
the beavers adjusting dials and
scribbling notes whilst mumbling to
himself he notices you and approaches
hello my name is professor used to have
a different name but I forgot it hardly
any use for a name anyway uh-huh ask
about the flux capacitor so a flux
capacitor you say UO came for the right
place I'm quite an expert on those
babies I can build you unsuitable first
spaceship but I haven't got any
everything I need in order to generate
the Ricard 1.21 jigowatts i'll need a
highly volatile energy source which I
haven't caught lying around but I know
where to find it okay okay um that's the
only tor vac has access to energy
sources of this magnitude so if you
could acquire an energy pylon and bring
it back I can fix you up with a flux
capacitor and use it to access energy
for my own projects great okay what's
going back inside let's see what happens
whatever okay what happened nothing no
nothing okay there's nothin loving
loving life will brings up something
that I want to talk about okay for
anybody who was not aware that does
steam Oh steam has has teamed up with
the Obsidian read for scammers who did
that that was doesn't miss the Bethesda
and they are now charging for mods mods
are no longer a free thing for for it
maybe there's some people who aren't
into the PC gaming why don't you give
the lowdown on what mods are mods are
when a yeutter yeah you turn when a you
tur when a user modifies a game in some
way uh-huh maybe the long war ex-con mod
that changed us a bunch of combat
variables or somebody wants to like
design their own gun to use in a game
and you know and and historically
throughout the entirety of gaming's
existence these have all been free
because you know they haven't been able
to legally charge money you make a you
make a model level for a game you make
your own single-player level for fee for
Jedi Knight or whatever you just just
make that and you can't make money off
it it's somebody else's game throw it
out in the internet other people can use
it ya know now they're charging money
for these things
yep and I have mixed feelings about him
okay I really do
as as somebody who makes a living off of
like digital online content mm-hmm I can
I can understand that the need to make
your your money off of these things that
you spend your you know your your time
your own personal time creating making
you know yeah I understand why you would
want to see a profit from that mm-hmm
but then there's the gamer a part of me
that just thinks well this is this is
one more nickel and one more dime and
the the the greedy crash cash grab that
gaming is defaulting into the the
cesspool that I've seen us going down
and do ever since the start of Deal
I'm spinning that as a positive thing
sir when it was really the beginning of
the end
hahaha an online DRM and no no mods cost
money mm-hmm some I'm torn I I
understand it and I'm glad that people
who spend all of their free time making
these things get to see something out of
it but at the same time it's sad it's
it's it's one more one more bite in the
ass sure
and you know I mean one of the one of
the advantages that PC gaming always had
over the counsels was mod you know you
can mine on PC you can do what you want
with the game all the files and people
do all these great things you can use
them no 5 bucks 5 bucks yeah you want to
use this arm right as like 5 bucks and
it's just nickel dime nickel dime deal
see here here we released 30% of a game
now we're gonna charge you for the rest
in $15 chunks for the next six months
you know and I think I've been paying
attention to this I don't use any mods
I've never I never have just because I
just never I've never used them on yes
then a fan of toast three eight eight
it's only for Skyrim and I'm sure it
will remain that way for all the rest of
time and this will never ever expand to
other games just like DLC was never
supposed to be abused that was always
going to be for content create specific
we made after the game no scams going on
there and that was never going to happen
this will be one isolated incident
here's here's the the part of the
conversation that I think is not
emphasized enough in this whole and this
whole debacle a lot of people are really
pissed about like charging for Vermont
not and their piston valve and they're
pissed at Bethesda right the one thing
that is really lacking in the
conversation and gabe newell did a did a
reddit AMA yesterday to kind of quell
rumors and be like this is why we made
the decision to do this and someone
asked him point blank is do modders have
to charge for mods and he said no so
modders still have the ability to give
away their content for free it is up to
them whether or not they charge but but
they will especially if there's a
popular mod and I don't blame them for
that right at all I don't that's why I'm
torn the but I mean if you think if you
think this is gonna be isolated to just
Skyrim this is this is the foot in the
door and see this this will be across
the board and I'm I'm I'm only your one
side rich because of course I'm a
content creator this is how I earn my
living I want to see modders make money
if people are enjoying the thing that
they make they should make money valve
is trying to set up a a marketplace for
them Bethesda wants to keep earning
money on their game and so they're like
kind of official izing they're they're
modding capabilities so to me I I think
it's fine I think it's a good thing it
doesn't affect me in any way because I
don't use mods so I have very little to
say about this but I see it as a ICS
away from modders to make money and if
you enjoy their mod it's good it's good
what is a popular mod plenty of popular
mods fucking counter-strike
what's a popular mod yeah ode I mean
fuck team the original team fortress was
nothing but a quake mod yeah yeah but
like nowadays like for example there is
a mod that someone sent us like a dsfix
for Dark Souls yeah that like ups the
graphics fixes some glitches oh and a
thing if they if they start charging for
mods that just fix get a broken game
developer release well man just be the
saddest fucking thing in the world
like their Skyrim also has done like
just Google Skyrim mods and like there
are people that make your player you can
play as a marshmallow there's a mod that
makes everybody naked so you can
everybody can be naked you know like
there's just there's a zillion mods what
Lord Saavik saying it's going to kill
creativity kill the community and cause
all manner of legal nightmares you know
legal nightmares is true you you argue
Jack yes that it would encourage matters
because though good matters will want to
make money yeah my my view on that is
that between Steam and Bethesda they're
taking 75% of the money made off of
these mods no matter unless except for
the very most popular mods out there are
going to make enough of a profit to
really give you incentive to spend all
your time just making mods for games I
don't think it's going to spark a lot of
mods it won't it won't like it won't
turn a lot of modders professional yeah
but I think it's enough it's enough to
like give them that little boost with
like oh what am I gonna do today am I
gonna am I gonna go work am I gonna go
to work or am I gonna work on my mod
well maybe I can work on my mom today
you know like maybe it's just enough
incentive for the people who are on the
fence
the the the people who are like already
have the best mods are probably making
money anyway
yes leftover beefcake I have heard from
you I heard about this mighty YouTube
video that was talking about it 75
percent is what there's the figure I was
quoted well so the modders get 25
percent yeah valve gets 30 percent for
being the marketplace and Bethesda will
get 45 percent yeah for being the
original game creator and and by the way
that that number the percentage is set
by Bethesda not by valve okay okay the
and every and and every game company
will get to set their own percentages so
that's not ubiquitous across the board
that's just what Bethesda has set okay
so like for example from software might
like be ok with Dark Soul mods and
they'll be like I give the modders
fuckin all the you know give them 70%
valve take 13 we don't care that's up to
them and so that that's the part of the
conversation I think is lacking a lot is
modders get to choose and the software
companies get to choose and that's all
part of the marketplace I suppose I
suppose the potential upshot is that it
would make a developer more likely to
have their game be mod friendly yeah
there's a lot of games that are just a
bitch to mod the downside is if there's
a game with a lot of good mods it's
gonna you know between that and DLC it's
gonna cost you like 150 dollars to have
a game with all the mods you want right
ain't that the truth get my ass handed
to me here rich that's okay yeah I I'm
starting to really like the combat I
wish I lost my other vehicle and man do
I miss him man do I miss him
come on kill him already
that's dumb idea that's a dumb idea
I'm sorry go on this side red skull red
skull means bad I don't know like I I
think everybody

[Part II]
I don't know like I I think everybody
knows in general jack is generally
business friendly and so the end you
know but also on the content creator
side this is just how I you know this is
how I'm able to work and I would I would
like to give modders the same
opportunities I understand that but it's
sad sure sure
I guess it's you know what it's
eventually the Wild West had to be tamed
rich it's not it's not gonna be opening
free love forever it's time time time to
get out of gaming no it's still the
domain it's been more gaming has been
more and more consumer unfriendly for
like years since DLC but ha openly
gaming is becoming more and more openly
hostile to gamers I don't know about
that
where's the camp gaming used to be by
our game we love you now it's by parts
of our game because you have to that's
not that's not true
absent flows you need our permission
before you can run that that exe file of
your game
check our servers check us overs we want
to make sure your you bought the game
you lousy consumer you pirates don't
have to do that they already stole the
game
I haven't stuck to you
rich what is the most disappointing
video game of all time do you do you
really have to ask that that question
Jack Jack trigger choice the most
disappointing
yeah I think everybody who's listened to
any of any of our streams you already
know what I think the most disappointing
game of all time I'm not even gonna
bother saying cuz you know yeah if
you've ever heard us you know what the
answer is
as far as rich is concerned if you and
but what if this is their first time
listening they can figure it out a chat
will tell them this drew the chat will
total the channel absolutely tell them
the chat is the chat knows oh I oh fuck
I have to click in the firm
okay confirm
you're the only weapon I got we did not
miss the Sun I don't know if you just
tuned in but week we got that we got
that shit on lockdown now yeah yeah we
do we we have a new sub thing where we
we
thanks to leftover beefcake again you
made us a special piece of software that
keeps track of all of our subscribers
new and old okay what was more
disappointing Mass Effect 3 or The
Phantom Menace Mass Effect 3 yeah yeah
that's my honest answer that's I mean
that's a good answer
look no matter no matter what the
Phantom Menace did the original Star
Wars trilogy is still good and has a
conclusion yeah Mass Effect 3 was two
games that will always have a shitty-ass
conclusion which ruined the whole series
and ruined it ruined the trilogy when
everyone wanted to the ending of three
is so horrible it retro actively ruins
the first two games for me I can't I
can't play any of them anymore it's just
too fucking depressing
that's sad I'm sorry that this is that
depressing for you rich
oh Jesus Christ
should we try entering a code go for it
that's our passcode 5 - 3 - oh my god
well that'll learn me
that'll learn me real good we're gonna
try to find the blue are 9 9 X 8 X chip
privateer vehicles are chasing you
through desert they're attempting to
radio you fuck you next time I should
just fight him right away
you played the most that's it's hard to
answer because these things come and go
in eras there was a time when I played
nothing but thief I played that game a
lot back in the day I don't play it so
much anymore
hmm every now and then XCOM I've got a
fuck ton of hours an ex-con yeah now
I've got like a year worth of time and
XCOM I don't know what that means but
it's probably bad
yeah for me it's probably still tf2 you
know thousand hours whatever I have on
steamed now I don't never yeah Binding
of Isaac rebirth is coming close GBH
Christ richer Jack what game do you play
the most while on the can um you know
what I think you'll probably get an
answer to that in the next previously
recorded episode oddly enough you will
get an answer to that question Eileen if
we talked about that we talked about
that so like one of the things you can
upgrade to your cars is handling which
makes them move faster yeah I'd like a
look they're like the land mines oh my
god but well I listen I know you're half
you're yeah you're like what quarter
paying attention but it's like drive
around them you keep driving into them
you couldn't turn it that oh you don't
have good handling cuz I don't have a
good handle can't to be right behind
those guys what if you just move over
and stay moved over you have to be right
behind them to shoot no no I just need
to be in range but I couldn't move over
cuz this guy that guy was that okay now
I can yeah now I can kind of give the
side of them yeah they keep trying to
position
in front of me how was it compared to
that tail it's different different i
like the combat more the combat is more
interesting yeah I like this kind of mad
a lot
it's it's almost it's almost real-time
strategy ish but yeah I guess so is that
TL you know where it's a little realtime
strategy but you have that pause button
but like there's more moving parts I'm
more engaged in each battle okay then an
FTL yeah or I haven't been paying that
much attention yes there are there's new
weapons and I'll show you in the shop
like how you can have great stuff
visually it doesn't look as interesting
agreed then again you know what can you
do with a bad max setting right
everything's supposed to be desert uh
fucking right I'm just gonna die news
can't wait back there yeah
okay let's keep going then see if this
is all about
look it J's manhole says rich how do I
get out of this chickenshit outfit just
leave what outfit bill paxton the
sentiment pretty sure I'm was it aliens
no good things probably anonymous just
just late I mean this isn't a military
just yeah just blonde out your free yeah
yeah subscribe to someone else subscribe
to too much plays Pokemon join that army
join that outfit you should it's great
it's great alright I'm trying to
remember when in aliens he says that
it's been so long since I've seen aliens
and for all of the alien aliens talk we
do I really should watch aliens again it
has been so long and like i reaiiy
rewatched alien for the for the game
review but over man game over right oh
my god okay I'm giving you achievements
and everything rich oh joy right you
okay let's see here
Richard not rich but somebody called me
Richard Oh what is the lamest movie you
have ever seen lamest lamest attack of
the clones I I contend that relative to
its budget Attack of the Clones is the
worst movie ever made
that's not the question at worst lamest
same thing attack an eclipse and see
yeah I'm looking at that from like an
embarrassment standpoint okay and here's
here's what comes to my mind right away
for real lamest movie ever made
spawn that's pretty bad
that's pretty like lame like if you look
at like the horrible CG the costumes I
mean just the plot in general
embarrassingly 90s right oh my god I
think I just entered a boss battle
oh Jesus Christ I'm gonna die I'm gonna
die like this right away
so very good nothing but dead I brought
this up earlier but somebody's ass
invited again
Grand Theft Auto 5 on PC at night by
play - yeah yeah you know since I got
that free copy for the PlayStation 4 it
doesn't seem like there's like I don't
have a pressing need for it right yeah I
don't I don't need the same game three
times because you already had it for the
ps3 yeah PlayStation 4 once it's pretty
pretty recent version of that game what
is the most embarrassing movie that you
admit you like the the Conan remake I
actually kind of like the Conan remake
oh yeah you said that before
yep okay that's fine I think that's fine
what was the question what's
embarrassing movie that you enjoy you
like have I told you about my very real
love of mr. holland's don't make me do a
spit tape while I'm holding your laptop
in my lap I mean let me take the sip
okay have I told you about my very real
love of mr. Holland's Opus smoke C as
all fuck but it gets me every time
gets me every single time so I never
seen it so oh it's it's multi and not
not oscar-worthy yes okay it is both
schmaltzy and not AA swarthy it might
have been like made for Oscar bait but
it doesn't even come close
just schmaltz okay
in general try to think of like most
embarrassing movie that you actually
enjoy no there's a lot like I know a lot
of people hated on clerks
- did you see clerks do I know you know
like a pig hey I'd like well I like
clerks I like Mallrats I've never
bothered to watch clerks - though people
tell me I should it's good it's good
it's it's it's Kevin Smith writing good
writing well you know it's it's you know
if you look at clerks and if you look at
like chasing a me if you look at Dogma
if you look at like good Kevin Smith
movies they're all kind of an analogy
for where Kevin Smith is at that time
like a personal story with a with a fun
backdrop right clerks - it was exactly
that and it's fun yep yeah it's fun
because of that and Rosario Dawson's
Creek I mean she's great general but
Rosa does it just great yeah but uh I
don't know I know that gets a lot of
general like apathy or hate corks - hi
joy
I have anything I have I don't know what
I have nothing I can add to that I don't
know we have seen embarrassing that's my
question like what is considered
embarrassing the Conan remake I mean
first of all I love Conan as as dumb as
it is I I enjoy it as just a dumb Conan
movie sure he he kills things with his
sword and he's kind of an ass I like
that he's kind of an ass yes Conan yes I
love the original Conan movies a ton is
that embarrassing because that's
probably awesome I don't think that's
embarrassing I think that's just quality
with okay great good we can still be
friends though but everyone else hates
the new commandment oh yeah apparently
except for me oh I'm gonna take the
opening where they pull out the rubber
baby and that's Conan's birth baby I
need to take a bathroom break do you
want to keep chanting or do you want to
yeah you know I don't know I know okay
Oh actually but before we take a
bathroom break we have some subscribers
to think we have the Jeong and the
Restless ex Mensa the dude in 1944
do-hickey - and sir Hilary man fats
thank you all for subscribing we very
much appreciated
we really do okay
then you're asking me how I feel about
GI Joe oh that's a movie I really like
that's an embarrassing I'll be back you
like that movie do you like that what
the fuck is wrong with you we'll talk
about work about Jackson alien if he
likes the GI Joe movie that movie is
awful oh god I I didn't I don't know if
you're asking me about the movie or the
franchise in general I i absolutely
fucking love GI Joe but I hate the
cartoon I hate the cartoon and I hate
Duke I really fucking hate Duke I went
with their original plans and killed
Duke off from the cartoon what I do like
about GI Joe are the original fucking
Larry Hammack comic books I I fuckin
love those and and snake eyes and all
that shit all that shit's all great but
that movie I can't I can't believe
anybody could like that movie it's awful
let's see what's going on here and Chad
knowing is half the battle
yep yep knowing is half the battle
Channing Tatum is an embarrassing it is
embarrassingly terrible in Jeju yes but
not as not as bad as what's-his-face
Gordon love you it Oh God who the fuck
thought he would be a good Cobra
Commander I hate that movie so much
yes Snake Eyes was awesome in the comic
books I've got I've got a ton of old
snake eyes action figures one of my
think guys might be one of my favorite
fictional characters period he would
kick Boba Fett's ass okay I'm gonna say
Snake Eyes you're gonna blow your
fucking minds and you're gonna hate me
for it
Snake Eyes could take Batman because
because snake eyes
not afraid to use lethal force you know
he'll go that extra mile
snake eyes would be Batman in a fight
I'm gonna say there I said it
it's out there unless Batman Rams him
with the fucking Batmobile this Arkham
Knights gonna have a fucking tank are
the you know I need steak what are we
gonna do the sequel Arnold have a tank
we made combat um we could remake combat
but that won't solve they like the
Arkham game so why don't we just put a
tank in Arkham Knight rich what is your
favorite Snake Eyes quote dot dot dot
you know I've played X come many many
times I've played a lot of X comma but
this one time I named all of my my
troops after GI Joe characters I did you
know like scarlet shipwreck and
roadblock and you know cuz you can XCOM
the new ex-con you can do the the real
name and the nickname and I actually
looked up like the file car some of them
some of them I remembered but the ones I
didn't remember I would look up their
name and the real name was the actual
real name they have of their file card
and then the nickname was course their
code name for Snake Eyes I just didn't
like first real name I just didn't
classified with an asterisk before and
after it okay got the characters look as
close as I could to their comic book
selves and the the XCOM character
creator I did my best
rich how many classic iron man's have
you actually completed theirs
here's the thing with XCOM the the end
of X come it gets kind of dull it's the
one the one flaw XCOM has is the endgame
you're far too overpowered and compared
to the enemy and there's been a lot of
Iron Man runs I just haven't bothered to
finish just because it's it's not worth
it to get to that last level because the
last bit in last level on ex-con just it
sucks so I've bought a lot of XCOM games
where I I kind of get past well I guess
this is more is spoiler for enemy within
but I I get past that one great mid game
mission that happens after the alien
base and I kind of start to lose
interest after that is it that the last
mission is like disappointing or just
too hard just know it's disappointing
it's not hard at all it's the baby could
be the last level oh and you're
overpowered near the end to begin with
oh oh yeah it is
so you love the GI Joe movie love is a
strong word I enjoy
I enjoyed the GI Joe I haven't seen the
sequel yet the one with Bruce Willis but
but you know the first one with Chatam
tanning and Marlon Wayans or Damon
Marlon one of them I thought I thought
it was an appropriate amount of schlock
it's it's just it's dumb but it's tight
you know like they're never they never
faff about it's all all robots or ninja
moves I thought it was nice okay okay
I'm not gonna tell you your opinion is
wrong oh I'm not saying I I hate the way
they handle all of the characters I hate
Marlon Wayans I've always hated Duke so
any any incarnation of Duke Tatum
Channing or not yeah they're Channing
Tatum which is it kind of give a father
I really don't give a fuck what way his
name goes yeah I hate any incarnation of
Duke sure sure that's why I hate Gordon
Love Hewitt is Cobra Commander that's
just the worst fucking idea I've ever
heard boiler I hate brainwashed Baroness
III have the the oversee finest of it
you know what was a military thing just
some more real world Ishmael Terry yeah
don't do cyber military from the Year
2571
like I hate the robot suits yeah
basically I hate everything about that
game sure okay movie I don't give a shit
because I'll use it who gives a fuck
you're a game I don't even care like and
I felt like I I hate the the Cobra
henchman that are just kind of over they
do they've robots over they drones I
forget you know you know comic book a
comic book over Mandor no he's a bitter
former used-car salesman who started up
a terrorist group in the Midwest but you
know they're not brainwashed they just
he just managed through his charismatic
personality sir to start up this huge
terrorist group the comic books have
Springfield like the town that's the
secret Cobra front edge
so much oh and maybe that's something
I'd never watch I never read any of the
kind of in the movie just it's just
stupid
it is it takes this great source
material and it uses it poorly the movie
is stupid but not knowing the source
material I was like I'm fine what I mean
I mean the villain is just he is a
bitter used-car salesman that's great
but if someone doesn't know that I can't
be disappointed do you want to give this
a try
no no then I'm gonna play some more
I know I know nothing about the game
because I haven't really been paying
attention well then you keep chatting
and I would just do it poorly so you
know what that's okay rich that's okay
you keep chatting then you keep chitter
chattering away favorite animated
spider-man spectacular hands down hands
fucking down watch watch that watch the
sinister six battle yeah
from spectacular spider-man you will be
sold I mean whatever the 90 spider-man
was is the one you know I grew up on so
that has a nostalgic value for me hmm
but ultimate spider-man is really fun
okay ultimate spider-man is really fun
that's the one where he does goofy
asides to the camera and animate things
like pure around said it's it's a little
more stylistic but like we we get we get
spider-man from the get-go and we get
some more shield stuff we get some some
Power Man some some nuovo we get we got
to look we get a lot of fun stuff with
ultimate spider-man but the the the
original nineties cartoon not the
original cartoon the one from the 90s
because I think spectacular was later I
hated the 90s for yeah
yeah the sign I liked it
okay have you seen spectacular letter as
a spider-man fan Jack my sees fit wait
is that's not the one where he goes to
like the different planet right
no where's the planet this is just this
is my spider-man's answer to Batman the
Animated Series as much spectacular is
not as good as that Bannister but I mean
you don't worry it's like in animated
terms it's like the definitive
spider-man
III spectacular as a spider-man fan you
owe it to yourself to at least check it
out is that Netflix I'm not sure okay I
arrived the DVD clog okay also like
here's the thing about their references
okay not too much no yeah we got the
references are getting a little much
yeah you have to look for a flux
capacitor osanic screws you'll never
find a more wretched hive of scum and
villainy yeah sure it's fine we're all
fine yeah
how are you yeah there's a boring
conversation anyway right
I don't know you know I'll look into
spectacular spider-man I will I like
ultimate spider-man I like what it does
I like like keep it new keep fresh
Richard Jack do you plan to play The
Witcher 3 you know I tried The Witcher 1
and I could not get into it I thought
the combat was horrible
yeah yeah I don't plan on it but that
doesn't mean it won't happen I know I'm
gonna happen I know to who gets a lot of
love and maybe I should just try and
power through it but I heard a lot about
the games I bought one and I cannot get
into it at all
pulse laser real gun
look at that real gun yeah oh yeah
so I haven't been paying attention it's
like everything a reference I didn't
notice the flux capacitor but not
everything is it like sonic screws yeah
I get it
not everything is referenced so far
there have only been three basically you
know self-sealing stem bolts what's
that's partly that's from something self
still I don't know that's from something
it might be check what is self-sealing
stem bolts from that sounds familiar
somebody in some science fiction series
or movie wondered sell like a bunch of
those yeah either two of the protagonist
or the protagonist we're looking to
unload them for some reason there's
something so familiar about that
everyone saying Deep Space nine okay
could be I mean like I said I didn't
watch much of it ah quark got a shipment
and couldn't get rid of him that sounds
familiar
yep well I was right about the selling
part so everything is a reference yep
sometimes it gets a little much
just saying just same convoy I said I've
thought about playing you leave
dangerous I don't have any kind of
flight stick right now though hmm hey I
need to look into that game don't you
talk about depressing stuff
look what that just that just needs to
happen I mean I can I could rehash the
whole heat death of the universe then
sure but that would just kind of be a
rehash at this point we'd be having the
exact same conversation right and we
don't need to have the exact same
conversation you can listen to it the
sun's gonna blow up in a few billion
years it's gonna turn into a red giant
it's got to engulf the the earth you
don't need to humorous rage if you don't
feel like talking about anything
depressing oh I always feel like talking
about something depressing I just want
to talk about new and different
sure-sure that make sense I mean really
the Sun turning into a red giant and
absorbing the earth melting everything I
mean that's that's kind of like the
mother lode of all the president no no
he'd done this worse all right I mean
you can you can the humanity could
potentially escape sure the expansion of
the Sun into a red giant sure uh you
can't do nothing that's should she's
gonna happen and there's gonna be
nowhere to run
you know you're all just gonna starve to
death
if if if if science manages to like jeev
immortality in our lifetimes we will
still die when the heat death universe
comes to claim us all and it will be a
slow horrible death where humanity feeds
off of itself because there's nothing
left see it's kind of forced
rich we we could escape to a parallel
reality that's that's assuming that's
possible sure yeah that might not be
possible then if it's not possible we
just have to tough it out here until
everything guys
we've already experienced the the heath
death of the universe which means
they'll never be another good Batman
Sewall slightly inappropriate but why
can't we just blow up the moon well in
theory you could but why would you want
to you'd fuck up the tides not only it
fuck up the tides but like then moon
chunks would rain down on us no yeah
that'd be terrible that would be
terrible and why would you want to what
is the moon getting in the way of
something somebody doesn't like them and
you ever see thunder the barbarian
thunder
sometimes of our burying that was like a
comet hit the earth and then the
urethanes are like a Dark Age and
everything was like Barbara again but
there were like ruins of modern cities
that sounds like I wasn't pregnant the
comment that almost destroyed the earth
like crash into the moon
and in that show the moon is like
shattered in pieces oh that's great yeah
okay I officially like it
Paige was to that
what do we think about the upcoming
Suicide Squad film the only thing I know
about the movie is one image of Jared
Leto as the Joker yeah that's all I know
I saw the cast picture like it i I know
literally nothing about the Suicide
Squad in general but here's what I will
say if it is a movie where the villains
are the main characters I'm down with
that
because the only thing interesting in
the Batman universe are the villain
what is the Suicide Squad I have
literally no idea I believe it's a group
of villains who work together to do
something and I know that Will Smith is
in the movie as something oh I think
he's Deathstroke okay this isn't about
the villains watch me a vanilla tornado
why on earth would you go out into space
oh fuck no you wouldn't no god no
relatively speaking a high percentage of
the people who go up into space come
down as Ash
you know then you know how they know
what shampoo the Challenger astronauts
used they found their head and shoulders
on the beach just inappropriate not
necessarily funny enough to warrant an
appropriate is it's hysterical jack
the chat likes much smoke Oh like that
is a prize
watch me be super surprised that the
chat likes your inappropriate joke I did
not write that that's an old joke
thank you
hey you wanted depressing everybody is
saying that's inappropriate you all
asked for depressing rich so I brought
up a NASA flight that killed an innocent
schoolteacher huh it happens it happens
it happened it happened rich
how far away the nearest camp
just stay back there
and how do you feel about the people
that volunteer for the one-way Mars
thing well apparently it's a big scam ya
know one way Mars thing in general like
it's just not gonna happen and well are
the people who volunteer a scam no no
that's the interesting part the
interesting part I know if the mission
the the attempt is yeah whatever but the
fact that people would volunteer for it
that's the interesting part ya know and
I mean I I think there are so many
people who want space travel to happen
so bad they're willing to risk their own
lives and I think I'm fine with that
I I think it's all interesting I think
it's all very interesting let it happen
I think I think all that demonstrates is
how badly people want to get out into
space hmm so that's great and make it
happen why isn't it happening already
rich did you see the Batman vs. Superman
trailer yes I did I don't really have
any comments I didn't I didn't like the
Man of Steel so I you know I'm I'm just
not hyped yeah any any Superman versus
Batman fight should just end with one
punch right
one punch or a hunk of kryptonite that's
it that's all it takes and I know I know
Batman is wearing an armored suit we've
talked about this on the chat before
there's even with fat man wearing an arm
Iron Man suit here's how the fight ends
right Superman punches Batman's helmet
Batman's brain goes flying to the front
of his skull squished into the size of a
sugar cube and then as he flies back
then his brain gets smushed to the back
of his skull once he hits the wall
behind him and Batman is dead that's how
that fight ends yes there is no world in
which Superman cannot beat Batman
unless Batman has a little green rock
and we don't think that kryptonite
exists in Man of Steel universe so
Superman wins all the time Superman is
the ruler earth now
that's it that's it
that's all right
dan is to that camp I lost my man rich
lost my fucking man I'm sorry oh I got a
new man
you're my man now they're definitely
going to introduce kryptonite and that's
just kind of a lame but MacGuffin room
Batman to have a chance isn't it I mean
really if all he can do is yeah I got
this rock yeah I mean is that is that
interesting
I don't think so the problem with the
Man of Steel was they introduced him
like destroying cities and not really
caring you need you need more than Lex
Luthor wanting to steal the diamond it's
it to be a challenge to this version of
Superman
huh I think you're right it's like you
got to go right to like doomsday or some
shit hey that's that's what you got I
mean they can do Brainiac but wouldn't
that be too much of a rehash of Zod yeah
I'm from Krypton that wants to rebirth
Krypton
we made crepes and they we're gonna
punch each other now as long as they're
gonna day that's all people care about
like either gonna punch each other sad
what's gonna happen now I mean I might
see Batman vs Superman when it comes out
just for the novelty but here I would
not say I'm hyped agree I'm more hyped
about the force awakens and for
reference I I was more excited for
guardians of the galaxy than I currently
am for Star Wars The Force awakens
because guardians of the galaxy looked
really fun yeah that's really
interesting so that's the that's the how
much rich Evans cares reference churn
hahaha guardians are top Guardians on
top for Superman vs well no force
awakens and then Batman vs. yeah I am
I'm more interested I'm not gonna use
the word excited I am more interested in
seeing what ant-man has to offer then
it's gonna feel like a lot of the other
murmur move in Star Wars Force awakens
okay because it's it's gonna feel like
all of the other Marvel movies but it's
different it's it's a it's a it's a
bigger gamble then force awakens force
awakens like we know what JJ Abrams does
we know what Star Wars does right yeah
but ant-man feels like a bigger gamble
mm-hmm clay dough one says rich how
about Jurassic world doesn't even
doesn't even rank yeah here's here's
here's here's the Jurassic Park thing
right I love the first one because you
know dinosaurs yeah and plus as a a nerd
I love the fact that Jurassic Park was
playing around with like cutting at the
time cutting-edge modern dinosaur
theories that were just kind of kind of
new and very fresh and yet it was
somewhat scientifically accurate that
movie with Legos is the first time you
saw warm blooded dinosaurs they were
slow and lumbering before then as both
an exciting movie and
a nerd who likes science I loved
Jurassic Park then the next two movies
were bad and the third movies got like
genetically engineered dinosaur that's
not like a real fucking I don't give a
shit I don't give a shit at all hmm
opinions on dinosaurs with feathers oh
god there's this book and I'm gonna have
to dig up the name of the book dead that
has like illustrations of what dinosaurs
with feathers theoretically may have
looked like it will change your mind on
dinosaurs with feathers if you think
they are length if you think they're
lame yeah oh I don't know if I know
things they're lame I think people think
yeah people in forever dinosaurs alright
people like people like angry monster
dinosaurs well you know like Godzilla
dinosaurs are fun fun there's nothing
that can be done about that I I would be
more interested in Jurassic world if
they ditch that genetically engineered
dinosaur shit and they just generated
Jurassic Park movie with the modern
theories that have the feathered
dinosaurs and whatnot sure I would be
far more interested in that than the
genetically engineered super sure that's
lame in the fake good in the fake
community yeah yeah looks kind of
weird-ass named remember what it's like
most dinosaur huh
art has them is like monsters attacking
each other yeah this just like feathered
dinosaurs doing like normal animal
things like sleeping taking taking a nap
like a Tyrannosaurus Rex taking a nap
yeah with feathers and it looks so
fascinating yeah
pick up pick up how would another
Jurassic Park movie be interesting I'm
saying another movie that emphasizes the
science would be interesting okay just I
mean because dinosaur theories and
whatnot they've come a long way since
Jurassic Park yes you got you got the
feathers and whatnot and that would be
interesting to me just just for the
science aspect I'm not I'm not the ones
elevating for any kind of new Jurassic
Park movie I mean really the first ones
enough I'm saying the only way I would
be interested is if they took the
science seriously sure
Thanks
I will take a shield
I will take the shared
go Gombrich the Oman I'm not gonna call
I really think it's gonna cover this one
I'm making a call rip rich his mate
Richards making a call yeah who are you
calling
I'm calling the fiance oh my god she
knows the name of that book ha ha ha you
also have the internet in front of you
hello Karen Webber what's up anywhere
just talking to Karen I'm sorry I'm I'm
here with Jack we're in the middle of a
stream right now just talking to Karen
right now this is live
I love here this is happening I have a
question for you because the people in
the chat would like to know a bit of
information that you have yeah yeah
we're hold on let me let me try and put
you on a speakerphone
hold on how do I do that what button do
I here we go I don't know your phone
Karen can you hear me well no that
didn't work but that's amore I have no
idea how did you the speakerphone wait
okay talked Oh
what kind of I can kind of hear you I
don't know if anybody else will do you
want my mic that actually that actually
might work like Aaron Jack says hello do
you remember that name of that book that
had like the pictures of the dinosaurs
with the feathers doing normal animal
things and not eating each other the
chat the chat wants to know what
monsters
I think I think somebody in the chat
found it but we're we're all yesterday
is all yesterday's is part of the title
right
is there more doin that
Oh relax it's fine it's fun you know I
love you you're just not being very
helpful
I'm pretty sure it was all yesterday's
yesterday we're just we're just going to
stick with that how do you want you want
to say goodbye to everybody I'm gonna
walk out the door I'm gonna say goodbye
to you properly I think I think rich is
gonna get mushy
maybe that would be safe great
she's gotta be pushy I think you say I
love you
what
Oh dine just do it I think I just did it
oh great
sigh excuse so I can do it while rich
talks Karen I can do a little game talk
I've been really enjoying this the
combat is fun I'm starting to understand
the map and the objectives it's a little
troublesome that so far both of my main
objectives involve going to point a and
then they tell me I have to go to point
B only to go back to point a so I can
only imagine that gets monotonous but
overall you know enjoying it enjoying my
forward ray into convoy
I don't know what I don't really
understand what I'm doing it I'm about
to run out of fuel though and I just
realized I'm rather run out of fuel and
I think that's a bad thing okay I'm back
alright she's back I'm about to run out
of fuel Jack do you think this is worth
the price on steam 15 yeah I haven't
decided yet
I'm just something I'm just talking
about it's the the one thing I'm a
little peeved at and of course you know
obviously we've only been playing a
polluted bling one two hours yeah so
it's hard to make a definitive thing the
thing I'm upset with as far as my main
objectives are concerned so far both the
times I've reached my main objective its
involved going to point a to main
objective mm-hmm objective tells me I
need to go to point B and then go back
to point a okay don't much care for that
that's a lot of back and forth yeah and
this map isn't terribly interesting is
the randomness or is it the same thing
all the time there's randomness every
time you go to a different hexagon it's
it's a dice roll and but like I I'm
doing very well this run I'm about to
run out of fuel so I really need oh I
don't have any money either I was tough
to sell where's the nearest camp
Richmond Jack I have to help write a
radio adaptation for a Night of the
Living Dead for my college class any
tips yeah don't suck a radio a death
radio adaption Night of the Living Dead
find some good moaners and have that
going on in the background the whole
time actually she got progressively
louder as the thing goes on like first
there's only like one or two at the door
and every now and then like the banging
book club there's more and more slowly
as the the radio program progresses and
like in the beginning make it almost in
not of
like just yes yes almost as if like it's
the wind outside also don't suck and a
lot of fuel
okay I get to battle some enemies for
fuel which is nice cuz my I've upgraded
my guys I've got shields now my god
yeah that's not very mad Maxie what
shields oh I don't know about that it's
FTL mad Mack see Luke oh okay FTL mad
max
we're gonna be it we're gonna be fine
with that jesus H Christ what's the H
stand for hella those holy Oh that
actually makes far more sense
that's fine rich have you ever been in a
play or a musical I started cats I I
sung memories memories away we used to
be it's great it sounds great
lasted one night yeah so good they
didn't maybe more you nailed it yeah
first time out that's great that's great
congratulations I guess
rich what is your favorite beheading um
I don't remember any of the names but
there was some science minded man who
was about to be put to death in the
guillotine and after they cut his head
off they had us he had his friend pick
up the head so he could observe how many
times the beheaded man could still blink
before his brain died so like it's like
they cut his head off and then he just
still conscious had blinked as many
times as it could sure that is my
favorite beheading because you know you
may as well get some use out of it they
just tried to blink as me yeah see how
long the head would live after being
severed I like that isn't there a story
I don't know if this is a real story in
urban legend of like a wood worker who
wanted to commit suicide and so just
instead of committing suicide he built
an incredibly beautiful and ornate
guillotine really like like hand carved
his own guillotine and behead himself
that might be a urban legend I remember
hearing that story and thinking like man
that's a weirdo when I worked at the
grocery store I worked in the meat
department the butchers always like to
tell a story about something that
happened at one of the other stores in
the same company yeah but one of the
meat cutters had retired mmm I was like
not very happy with his retirement some
one day he came back in to his old jobs
to say hi to everybody but everybody was
like
it was like nobody in the back so he
walked into the back turned on the meat
saw ran his head through him why cuz he
was depressed and suicidal oh oh there
you go
I had to get rid of that equipment why
yes I would assume that would have been
my favorite beheading but I I think I
heard that the head didn't quite come
all the way off ah well you know you
know so it doesn't count
yeah meat sounds aren't good like that
yeah I'm gonna go look for those sonic
screws again
it's a great way to come back from break
I ain't cleaning up this shit I'm going
home early
yep is that a true story the way it was
presented to me was as a true story
sure they're saying he wasn't very
considerate of others not very
considerate of others is the Jackass the
pilot in the plane who decided to take a
hundred and fifty other people with him
mm-hmm and the big the big shame there
is that I don't think he's been called a
mass murderer in the press I think we
were talking about this the other day
that's uh that is an incredibly accurate
way to describe him he's got a higher
body count than most serial killers yes
I mean at that point it's more than just
a suicide you need to be remembered as a
fucking mass murderer absolutely
absolutely
and guilt
thank you for your fuel
if you're going to kill yourself how
would you do it I don't think I would
I'm not at all
suicidal huh you bastards
which would you forgive Karen if she
loved the prequels yes I would
however she is completely ambivalent
towards anything Star Wars she just does
not give a shit yeah 100%
like even about the original trilogy
never talks about Star Wars it's not a
thing in her world it's that movie she's
thought saw I'm kind of like she was
younger
oh sure sure it's just not a big part of
her life yeah I guess that's fair
it's what if what if suicide is the only
way to escape the eventual reboot death
of the universe and that's what you may
as well wait it out yeah yeah you made
it that far
yeah why would you why would you do
anything else Karen said Greedo shot
first the wedding off no because you
know I don't really care that much about
Star Wars either sir worse Star Wars is
two great movies and one good one Jedi
is mostly redeemed by like the throne
room stuff yeah the ground battle of
endor is just the worst
you know it's but then you get the space
stuff there's great and then you get the
throne or something those great some
Jedi's Redeemers two great movies one
good one and a load of crap just a load
of crap Tie Fighters a good video game
and I like like Jedi games everything
else that had that has had the Star Wars
universe with I've kind of hated it it's
like my experience with Star Wars was
when I was a kid we had a VHS copy of
the first movie yeah and I fucking loved
it right oh sure and then then I saw
Jedi because when at that age like
Empire was not easy to find on video
back then oh yeah so I actually saw Jedi
before Empire I kind of knew Empire cuz
I had like the comic books okay I kind
of knew I couldn't really I don't know
if I was that big a reader at the time
but I like the pictures yeah and so I
saw Jedi and I loved Jedi cuz I was a
kid and I loved the space battles mostly
I loved the space battles then um few
years later I saw Empire I was like oh
my god this is fucking awesome
so you know when I was younger I thought
Star Wars was was this shit of course
and then you know the earlier video
games were good Thai fighter I think was
the first Star Wars video game I played
TIE fighter awesome the giant I came so
those are great oh I'm gonna try reading
some of these novels oh oh okay there's
a lot of Jedi crap in here I don't much
care for the Jedi's cuz you know I like
science fiction I don't I don't care
much for the mystical aspects of Star
Wars I mostly like like the seedy
underworld Java stuff the space battles
and I don't care much for the wizards
and the knights and a lot of Jedi is in
this book I'm gonna try this other book
okay
I'll turn this other book okay yes it's
got bad that's kind of bad okay I'll try
another book oh it's bad too
let me try this new star wars game
that's terrible the star wars games
terrible other novels terrible - oh god
what about the comic books oh these are
bad oh this old shit and so I stopped
caring about Star Wars sure sure
that's perfectly reasonable when the
Phantom Menace was about to come out I
was like the only one who was saying you
know the Jedi's kind of suck how are
they going to make a whole series of
movies about the Jedi is interesting
when they're boring fucks mm-hmm and I
was 100% right in addition to every
other problem those movies had the
Jedi's were boring fucks yeah so I think
I think I can safely say as a universe I
don't really care for Star Wars that
much whew good movies couple good games
a lot of shit yeah and it like we've
talked about that before where it's just
like in general we all like the movies
it's like yeah the three movies yeah but
you know we're not expanded universe
folk as far as that worries is concerned
it's not it's not
I'm totally a Trekkie all encompassing
right I'm not I'm not like a super nerdy
Trekkie who's gonna like wear the
uniform and call myself commander but I
love Star Trek a lot more than I like
Star Wars so you're not gonna call
yourself commander I'm not gonna call
myself commander life and I'm not gonna
walk around in the uniform I have not
learned Klingon and I have no interests
in doing so but I'm gonna be more
interested in like news of upcoming Star
Trek things that I will have upcoming
Star Wars things sure like if they
announced a new Star Trek series I'd be
more into that than I am the force
awakens easily
I'm his family thank you that is fair
bullshit talk about the courtship of
Princess Leia right now that was the
book that made me give up entirely oh
yeah aaaghh debacle there's gotta be no
Jedi crap in here it's all gonna be
stuff with Han Solo and Leia and that's
gonna be some fun that's gonna be just
like Empire and then they crash landed
on a planet of Jedi witches and that was
the moment when I said fuck this and
that's precisely that is precisely where
I gave up on Star Wars it was halfway
through that book oh that's really funny
Jedi wishes we got some shit rich
no no no no no no you stay back it oh
you're gonna crash it's great
yeah I'm kind of into this battle system
yeah oh good I'm totally into the battle
system I don't know if I like like just
about anything else and then pro but I
want some fucking I am super into
fighting area rich how do you feel about
the next-generation Star Trek movies as
a fan of the TNG show I think the next
gen Wu B's are abominations next gen was
all about ethics and politics and
discovery and the movies are all about
Captain Picard being Action Man and
blowing up the villain of the week
people love first contact I see it as
thing the near death of Star Trek hahaha
people love first contact yeah yeah just
first contact that is shocking to me now
the way you dingus nice fucking nice
of course oh damn it you fuck marks
appeal or when that mark should be a
witness of that bed-wetter media says
rich how does it feel to have every
objectively wrong opinion possible I
don't know why don't why don't you tell
me about what first contact no how does
it feel to have every objectively wrong
opinion possible about everything oh
because I don't suck star wars is cock
because I don't know because lightsaber
is how would he tell you yeah Star Wars
everything everything is everything in
general I mean it's got to be tough for
it yet to deal with that burden he does
fine
nerds
are you okay I'm fine I'm just really
enjoying the game and yes I'm like I
have I have applied those thief mods
great it's great would you say it's
great I would say it's great that's
great
which do you help Mike with any of these
Star Wars reviews well well technically
when he made the actual reviews I was
there I rewatched the movies with him
and then we I you know we I took notes
and then we discussed plot points and
whether or not things made sense I
didn't have anything to do with writing
the scripts though to be fair a lot of a
lot of the shit in those reviews is shit
we talked about and argued about you
know from the time the movies came out
so I think I think I think when Phantom
Menace came out I think I the first
thing I said was who the hell was the
protagonist yeah so I'm sure there's
some of me in there but I mean it's all
mixed into just shit I've been talking
and talked to Mike about four years oh
sure
sure sure
they didn't come
which which mods for the--for some
visual mods make it look better
big mod for thief 3 to take out the
loading zones which I really appreciate
why didn't might continue as the planket
character when you started half in the
bag because before blanket was famous I
was Flik it's in our videos and whatnots
and Mike is also on camera in half in
the bag so it would be hard for him -
that's true - yes deep link it and Mike
in scenes that involve like it talking
to Mike it made literally nothing but
sex
which talk about the Mad Max movies
they're good I don't know I don't know
what you want me to say about them my
the road warrior was classic love that
as a kid huh didn't like Mad Max the
first one as much from him because I
started off with the road warrior sure
just the the world and the stunt stuff
in that movie is just so fucking good
yes and I think I think I liked the
third one more than most people
Beyond Thunderdome yeah well you
probably do then yes because I know I
don't think most people like it at all
yeah
why didn't my Collis character plankin
for the Star Trek reviews because he was
using the voice that I did for the
character conf Lincoln are stupid videos
that we made where do you guys talk
about that now and like that's I think
it's in the the the behind the scenes
stuff from guerrilla interrupted I think
we're talking is it Girl Interrupted or
is that oh it could be in the archive
the rlm archive collective that's
probably in the archive there if there
is a behind the planket whole story
thing and I want to say it's the I think
it's a archive yeah honey rlm archives
DVD and they tell the whole story of mr.
plinkus
this well we always call it blanket
arrest we misheard it right which is
part that was a little teaser no that's
part of the story I'm gonna lose my
convoy lose my convoy
oh you made it
good everything's fine everything's fine
I gotta get to
to get to the nearest camera so what's
the blue on the red there are different
factions in the world so if you look
down here red is raiders blue is tor
vaak green is privateers and so like the
different factions are fighting over
territory on stantly which is neat but
like if you make friendly with a certain
faction then you can maybe cross land
easier I don't know the full extent to
everything or any of them friendly
factions does that happen I think you
know it's it's a lot like it's a you
know in the FTL sense you know sometimes
you you talk it's okay all repairs all
the times
prepares and fuel wha-wha-wha
sell you good bye more fuel dude rich
can you give your best Morrissey
impression honestly I can't Morris I
have no idea all right
so honestly I cannot do that please
chill man
that's my best Morrissey present oh okay
that's that's the best one I've ever
heard
that's great
I really just said they're more Ciara
not Morrissey a band he was in had a
song called this charming man and it was
a situation where I heard a cover of
that song first and really enjoyed the
cover and then I heard their version
which is this classic that people really
like and it's like I think this is
really boring and uh the cover I really
enjoyed my braids I'm a musical idiot
yeah so me too
me let's go purge the plague that sounds
great that's what I'm gonna do we got
eleven put them I got all so that we can
end it anything whatever you want as
soon as I die next which will probably
be soon I think we've talked about
everything tonight yeah yeah yeah
probably
can we please hear some info on space
cough I'm working on the last miniature
oh yeah yeah that's a big thing that's
got to be done uh-huh there's your news
and there's your news
rest of the movie bang edited yep that's
true do you guys play minecraft no no I
played it a little bit it was like free
for a weekend or something in there I
played a little bit as like yeah it
seems like a fine game I guess obviously
it's the most popular thing since crack
so this question I kind of like rich
would you kill one fly to save two flies
now you're giving me a moral dilemma
these are the important questions which
I I might just go by nature's rules
they're just letting you know first like
a first contact is a prime directive
rules should not non-interference at
that point
quite funny rich
yes moco I know I'm fat thank you for
bringing that up
you brighten my night in a way that
nobody else could have what What did he
say
you're asking if my gaining weight is
affected the filming of Satan of space
college yes oh come on you dickheads
some of them are dickheads
yes some of them are oh yeah I've
noticed that about them
I've noticed that about them after being
harassed because I just simply wasn't
interested in the last of us just just
not being interested was like a mortal
sin III wanted to give up that last room
I just I'm like fuck this I was thinking
my head I'm just thinking fuck this
uh-huh why am i bothering there is just
no winning you're not fat rich you're
just a bit chubby no I'm fat but you
know you don't need for Jana and it
wasn't you but no you don't need to
throw that my face I know right I'm well
aware but that's okay cuz you know
that's I have mirrors that's the first
are rich the first part is acceptance
that's the first part was I I went along
to when when I was a bigger guy before I
lost all the weight before I became AIDS
movie and I was just Moby that was a big
part of my of my lifestyle change was
just like calling myself a chubby guy
mmm
and there's one instance in particular I
was I was on a shoot and I was talking
with some people and I was calling
myself a chubby guy and there was a guy
it was it was a lot bigger than me and
he was like listen can you stop calling
yourself a chubby guy cuz I'm a chubby
bad and I was like no we're both we're
both big guys yeah like you're bigger
than me but I'm big and like but that
helped me like just calling myself that
like understanding what I was that I
needed to lose weight Kelly
it helped me get on the Charlet it's
just so easy to do not good right isn't
it you all got it so is it really is
picking his pain in the ass ha ha ha
that's really true if I could just buy a
thing I had all of my proper nutritional
needs I would probably do that he needs
Soylent I need to look into like what
kind of diet I need to get on and what
is the easiest way to partake in that
day
that's the information I need there is a
product out there called Soylent really
that's supposed to be all of your daily
nutrition in one drinkable thing really
yeah okay and it's all the rage in
California and I admit I will need to do
what you did where you have one day a
week yeah it doesn't dice off you could
eat what you want yeah and I think I
would be okay doing it's fantastic
Soylent Soylent okay that green nothing
not great it's important it's very
important you know what no it's not I
don't care yeah I don't care of its
people who's it gonna make me lose
weight yeah you can make it out of
people that's fine just don't tell me
about it so I lent this fucking horrible
yeah but the point is to lose weight
right oh yeah everyone says that it's
like it's like it's like drinking dirt
water can I just get like a funnel can I
just like put the funnel down my throat
yeah and then just pour the Soylent in
is that I wouldn't have to worry about
tasting it do you just so you just kind
of you can chug it drink it as you will
I'll just shove it right right now kind
of into my esophagus the funnel and then
pour the Soylent down whatever that the
daily need is measure that out yeah in
the morning funnel pour sure
I mean see what happens that's what I
say
this is it this is gonna get a death
do my dues and I don't have enough dudes
brings death rates that's fine yeah I
know
that's progress it's the inevitable part
of life it's the most important part of
life it's what makes the rest of it
worth it
I don't know if I've tried the the
Butterfield time and the Butterfield
diet is fucking amazing it's beautiful
it if you have no idea what we're
talking about just Google the
Butterfield diet and you'll be slightly
happier you will watching it will make
you slightly and then and then when
you're done with that look up Marlon
Brando acting class and your day will be
a little bit brighter still that's true
that's true
watch it was that Peters I know what
kind of what's look up his stomach it's
good stuff there's a whole bunch of good
stuff on the image oh okay you know what
we live two new subscribers smiling
strange and land Lando was taken thank
you both for subscribing
we very much appreciate it you know I'm
missing why people bring it up this
isn't Dead Rising and I'm assuming those
people tuning in so it's not a refresh
issue and dump I doubt they've had
twitch open for like you know half a
week it could be a twitch issue yeah but
I mean obviously I've up there because
I'm you know at this point in the night
I'm doubting it's a refresh thing if
people are like still don't know what
that is they haven't refreshed yet right
I'm assuming twitch is not updating in
the right cuz I've got I've got twitch
open right now and it says convoy No
honk-honk Midler flipper yeah that's the
title of the stream that I am looking at
so I know it's been changed and that's
what I thought so the problem is either
on your end if it still says Dead Rising
or it could be just twitch well I'm just
gonna search for people playing convoy
and I just looked it up on my phone and
I searched convoy
and here his convoy honk honk
motherfucker Oh actually but it does say
playing Dead Rising I'm really on my
phone so that didn't change right
apparently that didn't change right I'm
still gonna call it a twitch issue
because okay I'm sorry
oh yeah yeah it does I'm looking at
right now it says no I didn't look at I
didn't look at the fine print I just
assumed with the main title change that
everything was right you guys have been
right so anyone tuning in because we
were playing dead rising so you guys we
will run I'm Barry said you're wrong
change the title mouth so it's convoy
before we end the stream no no I'm not
going to do that yeah I'll do it
no I don't want to do that you know what
you don't you know why I don't want to
do it I'll tell you why okay you have a
fucking touchpad and I don't want to
deal with the fucking touchpad all right
all right
touch pads are great okay ready and now
it's a conference with you yeah yeah it
works great
okay now I refreshed and now it says
we're playing copy boy all right for 10
seconds or 10 seconds well you know I
gotta say yeah you know since Dead
Rising been brought up yeah I kind of
want to try no dothe room from some
scratch from starting level at some
point sure I don't know what I'm gonna
do it the negative the next day any time
you want
right you can do it anything you want
like a true no that's wrong which means
when your data streams yeah yeah nice
great I think that's great
touchpad shaving don't touch bad shape I
like my touchpad look if you like it you
like it I don't you know I don't care
what your personal preferences are I'm
just saying me yeah I can't stand them
no I love it I miss my touchpad for my
my big computer died and I'm waiting for
Apple to announce their new touchpad
because they they have a new touchpad
technology for the new laptops and so
I'm waiting for their announcement for
their standalone touchpad before buy
another one but hey everybody thank you
thank you for all coming out thank you
to all the new subscribers thank you to
all the old subscribers we really and
thank you to everyone else who just came
out to watch this play convoy which by
the way I really enjoyed convoy good I
don't accept you when you bitched about
it
I really enjoyed I really enjoyed the
battles of convoy the question is cuz we
bought it for your steam account yeah
dude I like it enough to spend another
15 oh yeah yeah so I can play it I'm
sorry you know what if there's a Steam
sale for convoy what's the price what's
the price what's the magic number if I
can get it for under 10 I'll be really
I'll be thinking about it if it gets
below 8 Souls yep $7.99 8 bucks sold
100% anywhere between 8 and 10 I'm
thinking about it hard 50 I don't know
I'm gonna say something um forward
pro-ana stream yeah like a lot of people
like rate games they give like a number
5 stars or 95 percent out of 100 and we
don't do that for it and we don't like
doing that right I think what a more
telling metric would be how much would
you pay for this game how much do you
feel is a fair price I think I'd be a
much better way to rape games this game
seven dollars that says more than a top
ten dose or nine out of 95 absolutely
like would you you know would you
pay $60 for this yep yes that's
incredibly talented like blood-borne but
you pay $60 for you yes absolutely
absolutely like blood-borne I would pay
$70 right for the you're still playing
blood-borne so it's like 15 even like 15
I'm on the fence but because I have a
like if I didn't have anything else to
play like if I was just like replaying
old stuff and stuff I I'd probably pay
50 for yeah but I've already paid 15 for
this is my problem previously reported
the previously reported paid 54 so now I
need to know if I want to buy it for my
snow way I could transfer it over that's
a shame it's not that's a shame dammit
that's okay I'm sorry it happens it
happens we know we don't even consider
it a business expense you might more
extreme it some of it in any case I well
I'll look into the steam gifts Lord
Belmont to see if I can if I didn't
click the right button apologies in any
case thank you thank thanks
