Apr 19, 2015
Titan Souls
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4750140
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4751735
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4753048
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtJvXsWERtk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnNTYApD1JQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9Uc87CQQ84
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/589861813447069696
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/589964260354052096

[Part I]
well so it something I did something
crazy and silly right yeah yesterday I
had some free time and on my own twitch
channel which you know nobody follows oh
right right I did some tests yeah to
figure out our lag and latency issues
and you know like our nice are everyone
complains about our audio levels and so
it's like I did some tests okay what
were your conclusions without said test
I figured out the lag okay it took a
while like it took a while to really
like fine-tune the lag so hopefully hi
everybody welcome back hopefully now if
I if I say down up options start that
will sync up perfectly you should be
able to hear rich and I perfectly like
oh shit oh shit fuck shit fucking
fucking hacks fuck audio is actually
good yes Elvis yes Elvis was there Elvis
showed up Elvis showed up because
apparently Elvis found my my channel and
and it was helping me out it was really
great so we did what we're doing it as
far as the elgato is concerned and our
audio everything is synced up and people
should be able to hear us rich is also
playing blood-borne right now which is
which is why he just cussed right there
yeah I did the cost with or without
blood-borne let's be honest to shay you
know what touche its I never it's it's
Harlech that's my twitch channel that's
like the twitch channel I just started
like a little bit before we started
doing prereq I never I've net I never
stream on it I never do anything on it
so following it will do no good but so I
was a Spartan around yesterday I've got
the the one twitch name just I have it
just wagon check right exactly and
something I ever string off that no ok
so today I'm just going to start playing
I will just start chatting right because
that oh oh no no you know what I almost
forgot rich I almost forgot to tweet the
very important tweets that I never do
you have to tweet that's the rule hey oh
and our and our what the fucks are
working again Elvis speaking of the
devil Elvis delvis thank you for
subscribing and modding for us we really
appreciate it so that's it that's all oh
we really haven't we really appreciate
it I saw yeah I saw the the what the
fucks are working again and I'm very
excited about that oven yeah thank you
for subscribing I'm very much
appreciated oh my god and hear y'all
come professor physics thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
mag new SPO that can't be the correct
way to pronounce that but thank you for
subscribing um meg Magnus pu I think
Magnus pu ore Magnus pool but I
definitely think that I definitely think
that first part is Magnus okay well in
any case we very much appreciate it also
future future Jay I like that dude thank
you for subscribing we really do
appreciate it ah and the Rising Sun
thank you for subscribing all of our
lovely subscribers I'm you're slowing me
down from tweeting this is very very
important work here guys what the fuck I
am tweeting right now nothing my phone
just autocorrected hack to Jack I think
I should take a hint so what are you
doing in blood-borne right now rich I'm
just playing the game and I'm farming oh
oh you're farming I'm trying to get back
right now I'm trying to get back those
blood echoes that I lost oh sure no but
I mean what point of the game are you in
I met about where i was before
everything had to be reformatted okay so
say good but the nightmare realm or
whatever they call it with the nightmare
room with all the poison and the squids
and you have to go through the lecture
building to get there this is something
you it's something you have not seen the
who building the squids lecture billing
yeah there's squid monsters in a poison
like oh sure oh yeah listen we've all
been there but on a second 1220 thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it and baby Slayer 156 thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated subscription so nice we hear
what the fuck toys that's true that's
true i am nah all right i got i got a
retreat you're everything you're hearing
them through my microphone but i just
muted that sound so hopefully you won't
hear them twice anymore I just I i have
also i got to a really neat part of
blood-borne and I've been farming as
well recently yeah it's it's been but it
is that what the rent dogs you were
talking about that I'm unfamiliar one I
can't believe you haven't gone to the
red dogs yet Oh Billa hecka thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
10 months in a row very exciting I'm
just going to start a new game
yes what are we playing this is this is
a game I I've been I've been kind of
like watching this game for a little bit
now it's called Titan Souls you said
this is a gay sex simulator this is it
what that's the gates I don't you later
and a liar just met but ok it's a game
I've been paying attention to really
really hard Cora Dan Miller thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it no this this game has a very
interesting history yeah also tell me
tell me I wanna
what audio is like now
the chat I'm assuming your desk yeah
Chad now that the game has started how
is audio levels with me rolling around I
did I saw that Shoji Tabuchi is coming
to mana to walk rich all my Shoji
Tabuchi is coming to Wisconsin we should
go I've never been so excited in my life
we did no he's not okay so here's the
thing with this game this game was made
originally in 2013 as part of a game jam
and if you don't know what a game jam is
it's basically like the 48 hour film
festival but for game design right they
got a um they get a concept and they get
48 hours to make a game right and the
concept for this was you only have one
that's all I got right one what that it
doesn't matter that they said that's the
sentence they got nough said now make a
game it's all okay with this game you
play as this little guy and you only get
one arrow that's the stick of the game
arrow arrow arrow you get one arrow and
that is your only means of attacking and
so there there are two buttons that you
know obviously there's move but then
there's roll and you know which also
rungs and then there's shoot your arrow
and that's it and you only get one arrow
and so then after you shoot it you have
to like go and pick it up and the other
neat thing about this game that I here I
haven't played very much yet Bona bought
the the neat thing about this game that
here is it's only boss fights like
there's no there's no mini bosses
there's no like regular henchmen geysers
only boss fights and there's no like
upgrades or anything so you have to go
through the whole game with just one
arrow ok it seems like I'm exactly my
kind of jam
yet sounds amazing one arrow why do you
pick you can I'm assuming you could pick
the arrow up oh well you have to yeah
that's that's the chick you can either
pick the arrow up or you can press the
shoot button and the arrow kinda get
sucked back to you but while you shoot
and while you suck the arrow back you
can't move and so then like each it's
and also each monster is one hits to
kill and so it's like figuring out how
to beat the monsters it looks very
exciting i haven't played much of it yet
but i'm really excited just to fart
around with it for a little bit which is
why i want to play it today so that's
all
that is that is all of the game
that's amazing it's you know it's it's
not what can you can you lose the arrow
I don't believe so or perhaps you can
and then you just die okay so like this
but that I fought this boss before this
is this is the only boss that I fought
before and it's a gue monster and you
have to shoot its heart oh my god the
boom on Stern you have to shoot his
heart and you can't get caught in its
goo or else it slows you down why shop
and riches find one more yeah i keep
getting murdered why do i keep getting
murdered i keep getting caught in some
kind of paralysis beam oh the squid
monsters yeah you can Dodger all those
paralysis beams by the way like when
you're in them no no you have to but I
mean you can like dodge roll like either
like under them or around them yeah yeah
yeah so those paralysis people like
those little cthulhu monsters suck and
they suck inside
yep
yeah yeah I just losing inside just
makes the game so I means I won't be
able to summon people with a multiplayer
aspect that I have no interest in I so
in win winner I wonder if something
happens if you lose all of your insight
you can't upgrade anymore because the
doll goes in out of it oh is that it
yeah you know what I like but that can't
just be just pop open a madman's ad man
and whatever hmm yeah madman's an
insight or mad man's knowledge yeah
whatever public okay that hasn't
happened yet I haven't lost that much
inside that cool monster did have the
capacity for love but so like this is
the thing with the you know like I
needed to shoot it enough times to make
it split enough to okay so with every
boss you got a finger I had to kill it
I'm here's what I'm going to assume this
is what i'm gonna guess there's a block
there's a bomb a monster shaped like a
cube in a room with a cube pattern on
the floor I think this thing is going to
roll yep okay 00 big ivy
Oh vago dog I must say the audio is
really good tonight thank you ba Murdock
we we do listen to feedback and we are
working on we are working on getting it
next to next big thing is getting it to
work
studio which figure no no we're gonna
take time I make no guarantees I'm
saying it's we're it's gonna be bad
forever and ever we're gonna try rich
and you're gonna have to deal with it we
doesn't want to try ah the honest truth
is we don't really care enough to
despite despite what we actually say we
don't really care Jack does Thanks yeah
bitch I'm giving you the straight dope
we don't care and you just you know you
can kind of hear it's fine it's a lot of
effort to you know do things mm-hmm it's
much easier to not do things so i always
find fighted pleasant to not just not do
things that well you know what then you
never have to worry about doing things
no no which is nice it's nice apparently
that's nothing ok can I go underneath
they give me little vines to climb down
and I can apparently swim in water but
it didn't do anything no ever does I
never swimming in water sometimes it
does something sometimes it does
something
jack is playing jack is playing Richard
rich is calling in while also apparently
slice for playing blood-borne which is
fine which is fine i will wait till he's
done and then we can you talk about
stuff we're talking right now god I know
I know oh did I miss him subs do I see
that one I see Ed boron thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
let me go back
I see Shakespeare thank you for
subscribing you know I hope we live up
to your Lydia we really appreciate I
have no joke I'm sorry okay oh yes we
will get 2 trailer talk rich I'm sure
you've seen all the trailers yeah it's
fine well it's fine what what am I
supposed to say it's a trailer for that
movie that everybody wants see already
whoops Oh makes it completely redundant
hype hype machine's the thing or that
everybody is already hyped for well away
well first of all which trailer are you
talking about the star wars the star
moisture yeah although eat the Batman
nobody cares about Batman vs Superman
people people can or not really people
care about it I don't know why Quinn
some niak thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it um no you know
what here's here
here's the thing about the Star Wars
trailer is uh I didn't like I didn't
like old homme ya know I don't like
Obama you know why he's an old man well
guess what Jack plus he's an old man
yeah I want hon to be an old man it's
too late you can't do anything about
that I can't do anything about him do
you know man no you can't I guess I just
hope these I hope he's not in the movie
that much he will be okay I've heard he
is I don't know if it's true but
boom he just seems like old Harrison for
ya I just console was like like cynical
and snarky he was just a friendly warm
old man who said we're home joy I know
you won't you know what feel like hansel
exactly didn't feel like Hansel and it
was the flippant comment uh yeah and to
of course should we look different he's
all do like no it's it's my problem
isn't that their old one of my biggest
complaint with Star Trek the Star Trek
yep which you know the first one I
thought was a fine movie my biggest
problem with it was all of the wink and
nods well the whole purpose of the first
wish is to be a nostalgia trip right
left without the link in the nods you
don't have much well you you could have
it you could have had a decent sci-fi
story and a decent action movie with
that's like that's like complaining
because your convertible has an open
roof no that's like complaining if my
convertible only had an open roof I
could if I couldn't close a convertible
that's my else my complaint don't buy a
convertible no no but uh I wanted a
convertible it was designed around
nostalgia sure it was designed around
nostalgia but the Winx and the nods were
so were so in your face you know like
like when he when he meets bones and
he's like my wife left me she took all
my money now all I got is my bones you
know where's the come on man yeah I know
come on man well he's called bones
because of old Sawbones right hold tight
be kind of name for a doctor right and
hahahaha future his nickname is the
old-timey doctor named since it's cute
as Travis Tevez he runs the reason he
was called bones sure
okay but but that's my problem with it
is is it's it's so it's nostalgia that's
so in your face and I don't want that to
happen and so like the rest of the
trailer I was really excited about it
looks really neat I suppose I'm not very
excited about it looks good and then and
then you see Harrison Ford and it's like
oh no they're going to nostalgia us my
opinion is exactly the same as with the
teaser yes except for now we know that
there's going to be this nostalgia
factor here's here's the only new new
input i have about the star wars star
wars trailer okay well then that's start
destroy your crash start astoria looks
neat yeah yeah that's that's that's the
only thing I have to add haha alright
you don't usually see Star Destroyers
crashed in the desert
hey don't keep a don't keep a kill count
I'm gonna dial on I think that's kind of
the point of this game I'm gonna die
death is gonna happen and apparently i'm
going to die to this monster pod we
talked about doing a sequel video to
rich Evans react but looks like we had
nothing to add that trailer didn't
really add anything to make fun of and
there was nothing new we could do with
the the joke of me overreacting so it's
like okay I guess we can't do anything
with us like right when it's like part
of the joke I think with your first
reaction video is kind of making fun of
reaction videos I know like and so then
it's like making another reason right
yeah i think i got this i think if i can
dodge its first place
Oh
so I I have been watching dirty you have
been yeah I'm excited about that for for
spoiler purposes how far have you gotten
into which I finish it so I thought I
will not spoil anything I'm worried I'm
worried about the chat don't simple
don't spoil anything Oh mommy John want
to talk about if I want to talk about
things how I mean it's been out for a
while oh oh so thank you Elvis ah no
body thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it and white privileged
Mexican thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it and thank you
Elvis for pointing out the subscribers
that I missed uh have you finished it
rich I am two episodes away from
finishing okay um you know I'm torn
you're torn I yeah okay I what are you
torn about I hate the kingpin fuck you
you are so wrong I hate the kingpin you
are so wrong he's the best part of that
show here's here's my problem with the
kingpin yo man can hear hear hear if you
wanna if you want to tune out of this
this stream for like 10 minutes cuz I
hey just in case I let something slip
I'm gonna you know I movies vague as I
can I think I definitely won't spoil
anything specific if it and you know
what if you're talking about the first
couple of episodes that doesn't count as
pie that's just world building but yeah
no no not my problem is everyone treats
the kingpin like who's this horrible
threat this
you know he's such a horrible thing that
Matt Murdock is like he's going to see
priests because he thinks the only way
he can deal with the kingpin is probably
to murder him yeah and so far the only
thing the King Ben wants to do is he
wants to build a few buildings he's not
he's not terrible when we first when we
first meet Wilson Fisk he's at a very
pleasant date yeah and yet everyone
treats him like the most horrible threat
that that the world has ever faced and
no and and and you know like we have to
stand strong to stand against this
kingpin he's he's invulnerable he's
invulnerable and then they cut to the
King fencing is empires crumble it's
just crumbling down around him so you're
he just wants to go on a date his empire
scrambling down around you're not
counting the fact that he's organized
several different mobs and is taking
over the city bit by bit and that he's
murdered people with his bare hands he
didn't organize those mobs those mobs
existed okay he United them he didn't he
didn't gather together a bunch of
Russians and tell them to start
kidnapping people in New York they just
started doing that he he got them
involved in some kind of crime syndicate
but he did not instigate any of that
behavior no no but he made them more
powerful the kingpin has had a few
people murdered you know he's not had a
few people murdered he has murdered
people with his bare hands is he crazy
murdered that wasn't a killer it doesn't
matter he's a he's he's a violent he's
like a baby's brain has ever seen and
that our heroes are just they don't know
how to deal with us this horrible
horrific threat that he threw it up he
blew up a Russian kidnapping mob and
then he had a few other mobsters
murdered he did arrange for the murder
of one old lady but that's that's hardly
he level a threat that everybody treats
he is blowing up building and sure it's
true those buildings belong to the bad
guys Bob he is still blowing up
buildings in a city rich is saying I'm
informing Lisa what rich is saying right
now rich is saying that he doesn't like
the kingpin
he's at fucking wrong it would be okay
if wait wait wait here's what I'm sup
yeah if that works if it were like a
whole separate series just about Wilson
Fisk yeah it was like it'd be
interesting i agree i would also want a
whole separate series sdn is a
antagonist in daredevil he says he's a
weak antagonist he's weak sauce he's
saying he's a weekend I gonna see you at
least it says you can't come over
anymore you're I mean you're you're
absolutely wrong his is he his empire is
crumbling on around him and thanks ru
thanks to her hero no fail on his own
he's gonna fail because business is
co-learning against fat thanks to our
hero who is doing a good job of breaking
up his crime syndicate because he's so
evil I like no I like everything else
about the series I like I I like mad
Murdock I like Karen page I love foggy
Nelson yeah fuck is great I love
everything about the series III love the
fight scenes no yeah i love i love the
makeshift costume here's my other
worried with the series i haven't quite
gotten there yet ah i love his makeshift
outfit and i'm dreading him putting on
that ridiculous looking superhero suit
here's here's the real thing I've it
looks ridiculous and that makes shift
one so pretty and great and real and
then he's gonna put on like sponge
costume with fancy useless shapes coming
out of it here you ok and you can inform
the chat we are no longer going to talk
about spoilers because I saw you that
for majestic stunt spoilers done all
spoilers done even if that was a little
spoiler ish
okay so here's my the one give I will
get you give you about Wilson Fisk as
the kingpin is I don't like his plan
which is why was the city nice but is
not the villainous threat he needs to be
he is the villainous that he needs to be
what I don't like about his plan is it's
been done twice before in other
superhero movies his plan of we need to
tear down this city to build it fresh is
the exact same plot of the first season
of arrow and as the exact same plot of
batman begins right yeah but in Batman
Begins the plot was to murder everybody
he kingpin has like offered people in in
these slummy apartments money hey hey
we're done if you know there's been a
few idiots who haven't taken him up on
his offer that's that's that's the major
evil his victims major crime so far is
he he offered four people money for
their shitty homes so he could make the
city now well and so the this is what
i'm saying is i think his i think his
plan is a little weak him as a character
is not and i think i think you're I
think you're not paying enough attention
I hate the way he talks to oh my god
it's so I nerving he'd know all of his
all of his mannerisms and the way he
speaks just puts you on edge and it
makes you it makes you like twitch and
cringe whenever he talks and it's so
off-putting it's beautiful see to me it
just seems like he's a little slow
upstairs that's really funny yeah um
here's so here's the other thing he beat
from four to work for me he would need
to be the the monster when I ironclad
control of the city who was just
completely ruthless and willing to do
terrible things and I grew a nice man
falls in love with a woman and wants to
build some nice buildings like but oh
so many things
the evil here's the other thing because
we're gonna we're talking about the suit
and there's no spoiling with the suit
because you see the red suit in the net
oh yes kiss the ants that's not a
spoiler all and it looks terrible and
here's a relative to what he has which
is so great and pretty and wonderful and
I think we should start some sort of
campaign to make sure they make that
suit look better because I've watched
the whole series and I've seen him in
the suit and its way uglier than you
think oh really it's awful it's awful
and if I have to watch him wear that
suit I will not watch it's so gross I
just I can't stand it when people are
like basically terrified of Wilson Fisk
be the protagonist and he just himself
no like like like the Met Murdock is
terrified or lie not terrified pick the
biggest threat ease of her face Karen
page is terrified if a week we have to
do something to stop the kingpin you
can't give up any Erick we have to stop
them wrench we're done we're done
talking about that we did we disagree
and you're wrong everyone knows you're
right there's no hate it there's no be
right here I hate what everyone treats
him like a threat when he's not shown to
really be a horrible beast of evil I
know mr. shy smile I don't want to tell
rich that he'll he'll get there he's
still gonna you're gonna you're gonna
finish watching it oh yeah yeah yeah so
he'll get it does I'm enjoy I'm enjoying
everything except for the king bed I
just you can't be more wrong personal
opinion get me or wrong your personal
opinion can't be more on teleki pretty
well yeah yeah I know I know I'm being a
bit of a jerk
and I'm sorry about that I did I
disagree with you heartily how about
that I think I've I'm sure there's
monsters around here somewhere so I'm on
to like the second stage a dick neutral
once you start watching like the the red
suit Netflix uses as yeah like the
subjects there's no there's no spoiler
there like when you start watching
daredevil you'll see the red suit in the
Netflix thumbnail so there's no spoiling
it's ugly as hell it's the it's the
grossest relative to what he wears yes I
love otherwise I love his black ninja
like bought at a sporting goods store
outfit I think that is so cool mmm and
it fits the series yes and yes and it
fits kind of like the whole nature of
this like but now he's a superhero show
he needs to rubber shoot how I feel
fucking hate ya know the red suit has
got to go the red suit has got to go
amiss primal says Jack what is it like
to be right for once it feels great it
feels great knowing that I'm right if
this is how you guys felt about the
Farscape I'm sorry or I'm not because it
made you feel very right I'm not saying
I hate the series oh I know I know we're
just we're just teasing you I just
everything as far as I'm concerned I
would watch I would watch a show called
the Fisk's and just like watch Vincent
D'Onofrio be Wilson Fisk and be awful
and evil if it was not that awful and
evil I mean we won't get into it but
you're wrong he's done horrible things
but he's done horrible things to some
really shitty people are there other
than like a clearly a few except we're
not we're not don't worry we're not
bringing it up anymore I didn't say what
he did that wasn't a sport error error
does suck bread oh you don't want to
talk about it because you don't like my
opinion
want to talk about because I don't want
us to get into spoiler and we said no
more spoilers all right ah there oh okay
I see I see I see what I have to do
classic get behind the monster classic
get behind the monster okay in a bit I
watched the first season of arrow
because i like i like superhero stuff in
general and you know there just wasn't
any superhero series going on right now
and so it's like a arrows on netflix i
watched it it's terrible I mean not
terrible i don't want to say it's
terrible it's just what you know what it
is it's cheap and it's cheesy when every
time you die it's to hold on well every
time you die there's a big splat noise
and the music like the the epic boss
battle music abruptly cuts off and it's
very fun yeah it's very very fun
in any case arrows fine it was a little
cheesy and after seeing daredevil by
comparison arrow looks incredibly cheap
I Pope fuck bada and you like it it felt
cheap no matter what like this the house
set all the sets and and it was yeah
serious lag lag mustard for rich Evans
says the serious lag nah I that must
between what's going on on the screen
and and what you're saying probably sure
you know maybe that happens since we've
been streaming for a while so I don't
know
I don't know oh oh whoa I got behind it
oh no I know by the way I'm audio lag
yeah audio and video is now out of sync
um I'm sorry there's there's apparently
nothing I can do about that it always is
a little bit right no no I had it synced
up perfectly the vin de there are voices
you're talking about those yet six you
and me no no that's I got it sing
perfectly videos yeah yeah I figured out
the exact millisecond and everyone's I
think you're just talking about you and
me oh wow no and everyone at the
beginning of the stream was like oh yes
you are in sync hooray forget forgetting
things in sync and now I know that's
it's well no there's nothing I can do
about it apparently apparently this is
just it which means you fail which means
I that's that's okay it's okay we
understand oh that's the worst and
apparently my audio is in front of
apparently my audio is in front of the
game so they can hear me oh it's normal
again great okay ah ok parents work
great everything's I'm know like great
it's all good the flash is a little
better than their i do want to watch the
flash the flash isn't on netflix or
anything and I'm not
we got a bullet how this a little bit
Jack's audio is spoiling what's
happening in the video absolutely but
over overall I think we both agree that
daredevil is a good series yes yes and
you should you should watch it you
should want to do it everybody I think
it's really fun I obviously a good night
their handling of Matt Murdock I thought
was pretty damn good yes i love i love
the flashback stuff dad and and other
people yeah yeah
no and you know I think like the other
thing they're showing here is like a
really appropriate way of handling
superheroes in general which is like I
think a lot of they've managed to do a
realistic superhero that's still kind of
fun yeah well and you know what I think
I think the main thing is as far as like
realistic superhero that's also fun is
they when the show starts he's already a
superhero yeah you know we get to know
him as a superhero and then they give us
little pieces of why he's a superhero
whereas I think other other shows or
movies would try to you try to like
start with him as not a superhero and
that gets a little boring I also like
that it's kind of a slow build up to
suit to the desk far as his his origin
it's like a slow build up deciding to
fight crime rather than you know my dad
died when I was eight and I knew that I
wasn't right you know i like i like the
gradual pneus of it were you know he did
just you know I was gonna be a lawyer
for a while that's Sully is going to how
much more like that type lawyer yeah i
know i need to pull the arrow back when
i get behind the boss i can't get behind
the boss i'm working on it they're
asking how much Marvel Universe stuff is
indeed dare to all of it like the and
and I've talked about this before the
main it's a kind of jarring when they
mentioned like the venture stuff oh
makes sense to me like the mange some
it's the same universe are saying the
main plot of it is like rebuilding the
city after the after the events of
Avengers yeah
I was not close to that I gotta figure
out how to get behind this boss ah I do
actually I really want I don't want to
but I want to a little bit like rewatch
a flex their devil yeah my father just
just just to see how dated it is you
know we gotta get him like to come you
need to get him to come closer
oh I present on what there's only two
buttons rich and i pressed i press the
wrong button pull the air oh oh I get it
I get it you're right pull the other I
say no you're not right what you're not
right the chat is right yeah I've been
dumb is basically tomorrow the story
I will say I do like it when Wilson Fisk
looks in a mirror I thought that was
that was neat just just him in general
is great well yeah it work for the him
big the basil be fine so real quick
everyone if you notice I just very
easily because Johnson I forgot about a
thing let's do so so there's only you
only get one error right rich yeah and
you have to put you hold down I'm
playing this on a ps4 so I'm holding
down our one and then you know you let
go of it and you shoot the arrow and
then there's two ways to retrieve their
either you go and pick it up or you hold
down our one again any arrow get sucked
back to you right um and so I've been
like trying to get behind this boss
because you had to hit it in its back
but the chat kept on saying pull the
arrow back to you so you know the arrow
also damages bosses on the way back to
you okay so it was that was you know
what that's a neat trick that is a neat
gimmick and I'd dig that and I dig that
Jack the chat is right Packard sometimes
sometimes you chatters you know what's
good you know what's up
I get my hair back they all hate me
because of daredevil now you know they
all agree that your opinions are wrong
okay no you know what I'm sure some of
them agree with you yeah I don't you
know and we'll wait a little bit longer
well what one will wait until you finish
and then we'll wait a couple more weeks
until everyone has a chance to watch it
and then we can get into some spoiler
heavy daredevil talk well give will give
people jeans but we'll get into more
spoiler every stuff in a couple weeks
sure i don't i don't think finishing it
though is going to change the opinion i
have so far you know we'll see well this
person who wants to build a building is
the biggest monster that has ever
existed because he's trying to build a
building it then no does that doesn't
work for me sorry I'm sorry and you know
I don't want to talk about the lunch or
else we're going to get into spoilers
all right
satta boss that's not a boss there's a
save point
there's a most kind of thing
I'm just asking a lot of worms does it
go because I don't yes I don't need like
Ethel I you I would only soon oh this
looks like a boss a gold boss this is a
gold pass
what does that mean a gold boss miss
room has like giant gold coins in it
okay but apparently no boss oh oh that
did something oh I'm this is the boss
are you Boston oh I think I found a
hidden thing you can always talk about
David Hasselhoff I didn't watch it i
know david hasselhoff as a ridiculous
music video out or something I didn't
watch it I'm sorry we can talk about
Batman vs Superman did you see ya
whatever Oh might I don't care level on
that one is pretty high pretty high yeah
i'm gonna go ahead and agree with you um
Batman's one-liner what was a Duke you
bleed you will I'm stupid yeah why do
you think Zack Snyder has turned
Superman into a menacing demigod in a
creepy watchman way because he doesn't
turn just because the dark knight made
500 billion dollars yeah and now
everything has to be edgy and dark yeah
the one of them I was I was talking with
his about with Lisa the other day and
one of the best things about Batman and
Superman team-ups isn't how opposite
their personalities are Yeah right like
Batman is your your dark silent gridding
hero and Superman is is your boy scout
you know he just wants everyone to be
happy yeah and so instead of this Odd
Couple team up that that makes them
working together fun you're going to
have Batman as a dark brooding superhero
and you're going to have Superman as the
other dark brooding superhero but
they're gonna make that and twice as
violent yes
oh my jesus christ and uh they'll be
punching go and Batman I'll have an Iron
Man suit which is great call back so
we've seen that called that
which Superman should still be able to
tear apart like tissue paper because you
know Superman normally doesn't have any
problem tearing apart metal with his
bare hands yeah so it shouldn't matter
that Batman is wearing two right
absolutely so it's it's gonna it's gonna
be dumb it's it's going to be done I
bought by the way we knew that before
production began because it's made by
the same people that made Madame cnl a
man of steel's yeah so there's no again
there's no shock there's no shocker
surprise what is what it is oh oh oh my
god yeah so did everyone else yeah oh i
know i'm not i'm not saying i was the
only one to call him being in an iron
man dude I thought we talked about it on
I previously recorded are talking about
Superman being able to tear apart middle
yeah somebody in the chat saying depends
upon what type of metal all right now
even if it's some kind of fictional DC
metal that's indestructible even if
Batman is wearing a suit made out of
destroyable taniam the second Superman
hits him with a sledge hammer fist the
max buildings down Batman's brain is
going to be mush yeah even if Superman
doesn't manage to dentists helmet right
because Batman's brain is still made out
of brain right do you remember when
Superman was able to knock down entire
buildings by punching a guy yes remember
what he accidentally destroyed
metropolis yeah um so let's say this
let's say Batman has some sort of bat
cushion right in his bat suit that that
means that Superman can't hurt it right
okay then Superman could probably just
throw him really fun
because Superman is all as an
all-powerful demigod so how long can
Batman breathe in space right that's
that's the question you know what my
guess is rich not very long no it's it's
it doesn't it just it just doesn't
matter it just doesn't matter it's it's
going to be the movie we all think it's
going to be and it's going to make a lot
of money mm-hmm and we should all feel
very sad about that because it's not
going to be very good
hope
nah
to fight Superman teasin well Vin Diesel
one of those is a cartoonish implausible
character and the other one is super map
but but down from but dump dump I tried
I tried to make that was a good no rich
that was a good joke I mean ever we all
saw we all saw that come up with that
yeah I yeah like that damn but I
appreciate that hey Krieger 783 thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it
yeah that's when I need to hit when he
throws it when he Spitz a coin at me is
when I need to hit him with my arrow
this is what I'm thinking because he
opens its a giant treasure chest and
he's spitting coins at me and so when he
opens his treasure chest mouth to spit a
coin at me I you have to hit him with my
arrow but I got to be super fast
Superman for better than man of steel
they're both in the opposite ends of
crap yes Superman for might be enjoyable
in some fashion though even if it's like
watching bad movies enjoyable
I can get me coin box no oh you got what
yeah it looks cute what your your game
nigga you know what it is cute
admittedly admittedly I enjoyed pixel
art games and so it's just like for me
it's great I think we've already talked
about its own is saying how will DC try
two copies mark copy Marvel success with
daredevil here's the most glorious thing
about daredevil is daredevil has
accomplished everything DC has been
trying to do with gritty realistic
superheroes yeah daredevil their hair
down and simple and gritty as fuck it's
great dare devil is Batman without a
money which makes it infinitely more
interesting
yes at least as far as the main carrier
but far as Matt Murdock vs. blue suede
is concerned big being a broke man
wearing like the sweatshirt and and a
makeshift mask and just gets the shit
beat out of him haha yeah it's more
interesting i love the fact that he's
gotten the shit beat on multiple of
taste yes oh yes by the way I don't even
think you've seen the best one yet no
and more so like tonally tonally it's
very dark it's very gritty it's very
realistic it is it is everything DC has
been trying to do and failing at because
they don't understand their characters
why don't you know they succeeded with
the dark night they had some successes
sure i want to say sans dark night
because that was Nolan I don't think
that was d you know that wasn't yeah
okay DC making
that's pretty much all they got yeah
yeah yeah and they've been trying to
emulate that success and fame I don't oh
ok I see he has a towel I guess you can
call daredevil the most successful
invitation of the Dark Knight yeah I
think you could they've succeeded
veteran replicating DC's formula than DC
has right isn't it great the is it sits
where it is doesn't it feel great or
that it fills me with schadenfreude ax
I'm you know if DC wants to make fun
show I'm fine with that but they haven't
I know how I'm supposed to kill the
treasures i just found its tell the
treasure chest has a towel he does a
little he does a little backflip e when
he spits his thing
oh and so I need to hit that without
dying I need to hit that without dying
and I haven't done that yet you do that
thing I'm doing it the flash is quite
fun I've heard I've heard I've heard
good things about the flash and as soon
as it comes to any sort of streaming
service i am going to watch it because
in general i'm a fan of superhero stuff
so i know nothing about the flash i
guess i knew nothing about the arrow
either so
maybe that's not out
seems like I'm supposed to
ha
I think I just keeping missing you
oh I think I keep missing him did this
clever thing you're supposed to do I
don't it could be a clever thing I'm
supposed to do you know what rich and
just don't know you can only hit him
when he does to such a--such I bet well
I think that's the thing I and I and I
don't think I've hit him yet I don't
think I've hit them they tried
light-hearted with green lantern and
that was a piece of shit I mean coming
that a piece of shit as being pretty
generous two pieces of shit at least at
least shit serves a function you know it
removes stuff from your body I haven't
cured us father saying it Oh God oh it's
way worse he doesn't make my my list of
favorite superheroes Green Lantern
I think it's a neat idea
it's you know what debris may turn is it
is
superhero created by an artist because
the original green lantern good luck
well-liked was a failed artist and he
just drew stuff and that's how he got
good at his powers you know his
imagination was his power see original
you're talking about the Golden Age
Green Lantern he was an artist one of
them or maybe maybe I was still her age
Green Lantern you're thinking of you
thinking of that the no no no you're
thinking of the 90s one cock Kyle what's
his face Raynor the one the one who took
over for hell Jordan once Hal Jordan
went sent Amber Lee other Green
Lantern's and I thought hell George
that's the one you're thinking of huh I
thought how Jordan was the later one in
the original one well that was there's
been there's been many green lanterns oh
my gosh I'm sure scuss got something
Scott Lang Scott oh I I don't remember
but he had a green lantern with like a
red costume and a weakness to would Kyle
Rayner was the artist who made green

[Part II]
you know that I know that you
don't know that
I don't Dred Scott that's it that's what
exactly oh no no you're right it was
Great Scott oh it's getting ridiculous
I know oh my god is it like a giant
night uh-oh
okay nope nope Oh
can't get me giant night Oh Oregon you
can give two arrows he has two arrows
the giant knight has two arrows okay
gotta watch out for those giant Knights
he was a giant nine also he had two
arrows so I wasn't you know he had an
arrow like mine and I was like oh what a
fun boss fight he's like me I don't
think this is I mean this can't be the
final boss this is you know I just
haven't I haven't played that much this
is just oh I see you do are you sure you
do no not even close
Jay's manhole has a question
he says rich I got in a fight with a guy
because he was listening to music at the
airport without headphones yeah had a
cool thing to do no well are you asking
is it cool to get in fights or is it
cool to listen to music without you you
know you're allowed to get into a fight
the other person's cocksucker deserves
there's anything wrong with sucking cock
it's just a bit stern phrase
did you ask them nicely did you ask them
did you ask them politely to turn it
down I guess a lot of questions asked
you can ask them once and then if they
they don't comply then you're allowed to
punch them in the face no that's not
true you cannot just go around punching
people in the face you do I think you
absolutely get in trouble for punching
people in the face I've seen the movies
if you punch somebody in the face is
annoying other people you just applause
no is that what happens yes oh there you
go look they love it yeah yeah
apparently I listen to rich on this one
I I'm not
sucking cock is usually a good way to
resolve the conflict yeah I mean maybe
maybe that's the thing maybe he was just
lonely
maybe this guy was like listening to
music just hoping and that someone would
like be like hey man I like that music
to thank you can you know maybe we don't
know we don't know anything about this
person I think it's perfectly acceptable
to ask someone not to listen to music
loudly in public it's it's not perfectly
acceptable to ask someone if you could
suck my cock you have to have to you
have to get to know
absolutely that's that's the real thing
just get to know find out if they like
having their cock sucked then suck their
cock that's how it works
and as terrible as worse is riding the
subway what is worse is riding the
subway in the morning and people are
actually singing out loud just singing
random songs in the morning while I'm
trying to get to work
that sounds awful that's that's more of
a morning person problem I know
no no cuz I'm a morning person and I
wouldn't want someone just singing where
it's like shut up you know I public
transportation is great for zoning and
you're taking away my zone time
yep go go go
yes yes this is blood-borne and I'm glad
you think it looks good
these are this is the new DLC for
blood-borne
it's pretty exciting but as you see the
load times significantly less you know
they had to make a few graphical
sacrifices but you know I think it's
fine
I think it's fine a few graphical
sacrifices and they cut out some of the
weapons but you know it is what it is
people were furious last Wednesday that
I didn't play dead rising yeah we did
say we're gonna play dead rising but
that's my group thing I thought was
gonna be a group yeah it was I want you
to play I want you to play dead Rises
you could think that's one game we're
gonna see people will do that on
Wednesday then yeah let's yeah that was
my plan for last Wednesday's in morgog
you couldn't be around and gave us it
around leave that good so yeah we'll do
it this one day all right I guess
everybody just settle down
I need to pay more this guy has audio
cues with his attacks and I need to pay
attention to that yeah I don't know why
I mean what do you I don't even remember
what you played on Wednesday to tell you
the truth are you pops no we're heroes
that's right that's why that's why you
tuned it out
that's why cuz it's not my thing
yep this is not my thing and that's fine
that's fine
everything's fine okay
Oh oh my god okay I'm learning things
learning things about his in his giant
arrow can break pillars and kill me
that's great
yes anything to kill you anything to
kill me no I'm Phil Phil Davis is making
a good point you know there's there's
usually a thing with game Phil Davis
says Jack you keep doing the same thing
over and over it's not working I don't
know if you've noticed there's this fine
line in games between failing because
you're doing the same thing over and
over again and it's not working or
failing because you're not doing the
thing correctly you know what I'm saying
yeah and so I'm just trying to make sure
that I'm not doing the thing correctly
and so I tried I did try a little bit of
a different tactic this time where I
tried to hit him before he shot his
arrow basically I'm just trying to kill
him as quickly as I can before his giant
arrow just fucks my day because that's
what it's been doing
it's a giant day fucking arrow it's a
giant day fucking yard this is shaped
like a penis oh oh he oh he has two
regular arrows I make sure I'm not doing
it I'm not doing a crit right that's
that's for the thing is you know I want
to make sure that is like does the thing
I'm doing just not work or am i doing it
wrong and there's a fine line between
that and yes I know I've been doing the
same thing over it I'm
I'm so basically all I'm saying is yes
I'm aware of that too I am gonna try
something new now here's my new plan I'm
going to attack the giant arrow
nope
Alvis emphases the world would be a
different place if we all just sucked
each other's cocks everyone would have a
dick bitch dick breath really would
making everyone equal care to sign my
petition yeah it really is you know what
it would be a different place I you know
might be happier might be not so happy
if you're like forced to buy like law
and pay with guns a pretty depressing
it'd be pretty depressing but if just
that if that was like the way it went
like just you know that's how you've
greeted people in this world
nice nice to meet you is it my penis
smells wonderful they'd be stuck in this
they'd be stuck in the Stone Age
nothing nothing would ever get done you
know I've been working on this this new
thing is called the vaccine it keeps you
free from disease and I was putting some
major hours into it the other day but
then I started getting my dick sucked
it didn't happen you're right it would
be a terribly depressing world I
wouldn't hold my breath of that
vaccination I would hold my breath to
suck my cock
you're right this does sound it sounds
exactly like a sliders episode
Oh oh that did it finally I didn't win
but if I shoot the arrow it takes his
armor off and then I can shoot yeah good
sir you have to shoot shoot the giant
glowy arrow of death and that removes
his armor that just seems like a pain in
the ass well that's it that's the game
rich that's I can just do this oh no I
missed I missed I missed you're right
take four step one take the Knights
armor off a step to suck his cock he
does seeing I think we may have gone too
far in a few places you think yeah this
is the bit tonight Richard you stick
with the bit
Joe kitty the name of the song at the
end of all the prerequisites called
do-or-die by Stuart bogey bo gie it's
great song and it's in the description
of the video I put it in there because
everyone everyone asks about that song
it's a great song it's and like it's not
a song that I knew especially well it
was just a song that I chose because it
was part of the
by the way you cannot shoot beer while
it's waiting to be shot he needs to
shoot it first he needs to shoot it
first
so do or die by steward bogey not
steward boogie which you would think it
would be was just part of the if you're
a YouTube partner you get access to all
these songs that you can use
royalty-free and that was just one of
them and I liked it so I use it as our
and credits on there's no greater story
you can make some wise uh some sort of
made that force yeah it's cool
you know I said if y'all riot if you
could make song yeah there's the Rolling
Stone they don't want to credit it right
oh my fucking god
we didn't want to stress distracted song
for being like yours man no it's all
about you know big jack but Jagger said
that to me
ya know it's all about you it's all
about me no it's actually really weird
like the song takes a really right after
I cut the song he he starts singing not
oh oh sorry I'm ditching the bit just to
talk about the actual song okay
and it's it like an 80s synth-pop song
it sounds completely different than you
think it would from really from the from
the intro it's very strange I definitely
recommend giving it a listen to it's
very strange but the rest of the song
sounds completely different
I'm playing hide behind this rock
it's
Oh rolled right into it the name of the
song again is do or die by Stewart a
bogey Bo gie not seward boogie which i
often credit a mess because he would
think like if you're a songwriter and
your last name was Chloe why wouldn't
you name it boogie the master
twenty-thousand has a very funny joke
which is Jack considering your love of
cutscenes do you enjoy the Metal Gear
Solid series the answer is no that's a
very funny joke you say very funny jokes
like I remember playing the first Metal
Gear Solid and just you know been being
okay with it like it was kind of an
oddity for the ps1 era it lost me with
the story
yeah yeah pretend but you know what like
it had some neat gameplay elements yeah
oh yeah and so a lot of the the story
could be forgiven
oh I series that Mike has with men in
black okay what's that I would I would
like to see a handle what Mike is
Michael ever be angry at men in black
for being a comedy really yeah no yeah
he likes the concept of the men in black
and the aliens in the UFO like you know
I think he would have loved that movie
effort more x-files ask sure it wasn't
and he hates it you know it's light is
what it is there's nothing you can do
about it yes dick neutral I am I bitchin
Oh huh you get bitching moan you could
do that well I mean you can always bitch
and moan that's our that's our given
right as Americans one dick neutral yes
I do want to play axiom verge that looks
like a lot of fun it's the new it's a
new Metroid II pixel art side-scrolling
kind of game it's supposed to be very
fun axiom diverge I've been paying
attention
look I was either gonna play this well I
said birch like like the wood axiom
birch yes yep axiom Evergreen and Art
Crime says I make music if I send you
some would you give it a listen sure I
mean I don't have good taste in music or
or you know I'm not a music guy you
should give it to Josh Josh yeah he's
definitely Josh is the music guy but
yeah Gorillaz I'm sure weren't you wanna
BAM I was an abandoned for a long time
many years how the hell are you not a
music guy um I mean I enjoyed making
music I just I just don't know anything
about it okay
it was it was really fun writing songs
and playing shows that was really fun I
never studied music I never listened to
much music but you know writing and
performing was always fun so but like
yeah like blue mystery-box the people
who do our background music you know
like that that guy just got a hold of us
and said hey if I give you a bunch of
songs will you use it as background
music and I said I'm not necessarily but
if you allow us to I might and that's
what we use for our background news
right now and I think it works out great
it's really tough to find like unique
music beds
Oh
you music beds music beds background
music you know like music to be out to
live in Ellen's you've never heard of
beds okay makes sense makes sense
we do need to get Josh back in here to
talk good to talk music with all you
music geeks I agree I agree either
played D&D; no I think we've talked about
that I I did once cuz it was at a
friend's birthday party and they were
into it they had like an impromptu game
and yeah wasn't that really for not
saying I hate him saying it's not for me
yeah yeah felt silly and I've also
played one game I I played a couple I
went a couple times I had a friend who
was really into D&D; and I tried to join
his guild or whatever you call them and
WorkFirst his dork vest
and my and my problem was my problem
wasn't the game I think in general I
would have really enjoyed the India the
group of people he was playing with I
didn't much care for and they didn't
like the fact that someone new was
coming into their group you know they
had all been playing together for years
yeah and I was like and and you know but
they all knew they all knew that like I
didn't know what I was doing you know
like I just wanted to learn and they're
like hey let's get some fresh blood in
here and they treat they did not treat
me they were not very welcoming to the
new guy very much so hey Jack what was
your part in the Phantom Menace review
script my part was the things that I
said when Mike asked me to him I said
those things so I guess I wrote that
this doesn't the Q&A; was generally yeah
the Q&A; was doing nervousness
there was no script involved for that
Oh
so no I had I had absolutely nothing to
do with the Phantom Menace review script
besides being part of the Q&A; part and
literally Mike did not tell me what he
was doing when he asked me he said I
just want to feel I just want to film
I'm gonna ask you some questions is that
okay we were on we were on a different
shoot like Mike was helping me out with
his shoot and he's like can I pull you
aside for a half hour and ask you some
questions
I I had I had talked with Mike about the
Phantom Menace before he made the review
I like I helped him take notes and we
discussed the movie for he but script
for that so when he showed up at my door
with a camera I kind of I kind of
assumed he was going to ask me the easy
questions but the answers were not
scripted
I was just I was just thinking oh yeah
you're gonna do that thing you're asked
about characters okay okay okay
and to be fair I I think I did qui-gon
better than anybody else so points to me
what do you mean did qui-gon better
I called him stoic sir wait that's more
than most people got is that you I felt
like that was Jesse well I'm sure she's
pretty sure that was me listen he I
thought he was the one who said that
like questioning me like Zoey I don't
it's been so long since I've seen Jack
what is your part in getting your ass
kicked by this boss I know I am yeah how
long have you been on this one basta for
a while now but I mean that's the game I
guess I could try to find another boss
but you know
I kind of get what's going on here I
have to hit the arrow and then I need to
get my arrow back in time to hit him I
think he has maybe there's a maybe
there's an order you're kind of supposed
to do the bosses in and you're that
could be you're doing them out of order
and that could be I mean it's one of
those things where there's probably like
a best way to do it you know sure
maverick Joe I am think own way
if they'd like
I can hit the arrow
okay seriously serious time is happening
hold on to 100 yes yes yes yeah that's
another game I want to play someone was
telling us some games they sent us over
Steam Lake View cabin actually not at
you you not only sent us that but James
did did something for that James did the
guy who does the videos for finding guys
that come super meatboy him he did
something for that and he sent me that
too and I really do want to play it it's
just it's on my list and then we got
caught up with blood-borne
which I have still been playing I'm
there to somebody somebody sent in Duke
Nukem Forever oh my god on on ps3 Jack
do you have any Jeff any interesting
Duke Nukem Forever no fair warning to
anybody listening if you're gonna if
you're gonna send us games if it's a
shooter and it's on a console don't Bob
I can't stand playing shooters on a
console I can't stand especially a
first-person shooter with a mouse is
just an excruciatingly ly horrible
experience I would I would describe
playing a first-person shooter where the
mouse is excruciating sure sure I
believe you so I kind of wanna play Duke
Nukem Forever but not not on the ps3 but
Jack I know you don't have that problem
so I'm probably gonna give that to you
okay well I mean give it to me that's
fine yeah I don't think I'm gonna play
it just because it's you know that one
has been done to death as far as like
infamously bad
I don't I don't know that you can I mean
the one that actually was released I
don't think that has anything to do with
the game that was delayed for ten years
you know I'm sure a different team
completely different ideas completely
different game than just the name was
marketable at that point haha sure oh
sure oh I saw that how did we meet
Gillian to be in feeding frenzy that's
how we bitches literally that's it she
was an actress I don't know where Mike
and J found her to be in feeding frenzy
I think she was in Chicago at the time
yeah and you know obviously she's
wonderful in every regard very good I
saw her like a bake commercial for the
Olympics like eight years ago the the
possibly interesting story the only
story I can add to this is that after
working with her and seeing her in
feeding frenzy I invited her up to do a
music video shoot that I was making
because I thought she was a fine actress
and finding good actors and actresses is
really tough especially in such a small
town we'd probably ask her to be in more
things but I believe she's living in LA
now she's yeah she's yeah indeed for
Texas someone know she's originally from
Texas
and so she invited her coming back home
to do a music video shoot and it was
during that music video shoot that Mike
shot both her and I for the Q&A; for the
Phantom Menace review he wanted to know
if he could take an hour out of my video
shoot to shoot that in a second I mean
you know it was a very low-key shoot
self so that's why that's where both
Gillian and I did our Q&A; sessions in
between a different video
come
oh oh oh you fucking fuck you fucking
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck I'm
almost done with this boss I'm almost
ready to move on to a different boss
damn you doing great jack yeah I do have
the good eye I do I have access to the
greatest actor in all of Milwaukee his
name is rich Evans you're absolutely
right hold on leftover beefcake has
given me a hint
think pillar destruction have you been
gifted South Park the stick of truth via
Steam yet no I don't believe we have I
think did you cock gun was that a thing
that happened did I ask you to be in
cock gun yeah I might have I don't know
maybe you couldn't make it up that
weekend yeah yeah I mean I'm sure
something like that
did I or Reese what were you smart
enough to refuse cock gun I mean you
weren't smart enough to refuse poop
again but that was probably as a
situation where I wasn't up here yet oh
yeah you know what that could have been
that could have been their poop again
tea Ivan cock guns where I draw the line
and some suspects oh that's right I need
we need to find that someone was asking
us a while back about our love is in
love the song I wrote for feeding frenzy
oh yeah yeah we should do something fun
with that not just released the song we
should make like a music video or
something I agree
okay I'm almost done with this boss okay
I don't understand the pillar
destruction because he'll shoot the
pillars and they'll be destroyed on you
know pillars baloney they just crack and
crumble
so they're there for effect they could
just be there for effects I think
they're there like where you can hide
behind them early on but then they
crumble so you can't hide behind them
like a difficulty thing I do not know I
don't know any village
do I beat him what happened I don't know
something for watching I'm watching this
shit that delay jack yeah I know I know
you're right you're right you're right
something very strange just happened so
GBM
no I didn't beat him I must have
simultaneously died and hit the arrow
back to him so when I die to kind of
slow down and he turned into a skeleton
oh and so it's just very strange just a
very strange thing where it's like I
thought I beat him for a second but I do
oh but what got top golf gone GARP GARP
good let's go find another boss let's go
find another boss will come back to him
what's for the record I've always wanted
Jack to make cock gun to cock harder
hasn't happened I I want to make cock
gun too as well
I love cock gun cock gun I'm really I
might be too proud of cock gun for what
it is I really enjoy cock gun
the story behind cock gun for anyone who
hasn't seen got gun it's it's a cop
thing of where the cop has a gun where
his penis is and he humps to shoot it
incredibly great the the genesis of cock
gun started when a band contacted me to
do a music video and I wanted to do a
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers spin-off
where that we dress the band up like
Power Rangers but then instead of having
like the laser blasters that the Power
Rangers had they'd have like laser
pistols attached to their groins and
they just humped and shot lasers but it
would look exactly like the Power
Rangers intro like we're you know like
they turn to camera and you see their
name and it would be like a an
incredibly dumb homage to you know early
nineties stuff and to an early 90s kid
show except for with with with laser tax
with laser comics yeah
oh okay
Jack that sounds terrible yes it does
sound there well it sounds like
something I would really enjoy and the
band wasn't down with that the band was
not comfortable with that direction for
no they were like they were a pop punk
band and it made sense like with their
sound it would be very very like hyper
and very energetic but they just weren't
they weren't into it which is fine
Weezer would have been down with it
Weezer was down with it so and say and
in any case then I I was just thinking
of other ways to do with it and I really
like oh my god this is an area that I'm
in you know something easier to do it
would be like a cop show and I like cop
shows in general so in any case
whoa I found it I found it okay here we
go here we go who hears a boss one
mushroom yes oh I know you can see oh I
see that thing on your button mister oh
my god I ran into one of his like the
mushroom jumps and shoots out little
trippy trails and it gives me a drug
trip that's great okay that's great okay
pop punk no they shouldn't have turned
me down like it I I just think they
weren't okay you know cuz like it was a
fun idea but I don't know I don't know
what they weren't okay with about it but
I don't I don't know you know what it
probably was what their duty
their death it might have been their
dignity wait is this a different boss I
somehow got to a different boss that's
amazing I mean it kind of is
ah
laughs your mouth
yeah
oh I died something disclaim any of
excited I was I guess someone is someone
just said in the chat this game looks
dank and I'm gonna take that as a
compliment I good thing or a bad thing I
have no idea
what I will say is I'm enjoying this I'm
enjoying this game i oh I like the look
of it I like the I like the simple
mechanic thing where shit you know it's
it's the same game
oh pardon me that was a weird
burp the thing but I like it I'm liking
this
go ahead rich you go I'm just gonna say
if you'd played around with the chalice
dungeons much blood-borne yeah I'm up to
like the like third or fourth one I've
discovered my favorite enemy the chalice
dungeons yeah what's that I don't why
kind of spoiler ish I don't know if I
should say okay well then yeah then
don't do it
I don't know if I've gotten there yet so
they managed to turn like a you tube
screamer into a villain it's just this
creepy thing that screams and runs at
you very fast and demon and I think it's
kind of great Jack any tips for the
first boss on blood-borne yeah hit it
with your thing and dodge it when it
attacks you whatever weapon wish what
you you because you can't run into the
bosses out of order
what which boss are you talking about
you talking about that that large hairy
grey thing on the bridge or are you
talking about the first hunter Father
Garcia Alden yeah yeah
a big thing on the bridge try and stay
behind it
learn learn to time your dodges right so
you don't take much damage don't be
afraid to heal and when you get them
close to dying don't be afraid to just
start lobbing Molotov cocktails at home
because they do a fair amount of damage
on him now if your target about Father
Garcia excellent time to learn the B
parry system yes they were post and and
visceral attack yeah get good at that
repost and visceral attack but like for
any of the giant monsters really the
trick is get under their legs like get
under their legs and get behind them you
have to get really close to those guys
and a whale the fuck on them
Garrus Coney yeah man I'm not sure you
understand me I just know I bought us
hat after I beat him I love this happen
I don't think you can do that I don't
think you can love a dead man's hat
we're not putting that out there putting
that out is that what did that good man
was your father I can't love my father's
hand nope
my father gifted that hat today Jack huh
that means the world to me you're
telling me I can't love it nope little
fucker you tell me that no no some
asshole no shit no shit come on fuckin
up Bridge
I know to do yeah you you cannot like I
see some people saying that and I've
heard that we're in Dark Souls instead
of having the the the parry system they
had a shield system you know and in
blood-borne they almost make fun of you
by giving you the most useless shield in
the world they give you a wooden shield
and yeah you cannot be a show person you
have to learn that reposts and what's it
called representing here toner and parry
carry and and once you get that like
once you understand that counter and
parry system it's really good it doesn't
work all the time you want it to work
all the time but some enemies it just
you hit you it doesn't work and I it's
frustrating it might not work at all
their attacks I'm pretty sure most
enemies you can make it's some kind of
counter going and then waterful attacks
sure
so get that this game is a negative is
not the next review this is just a game
I'm playing a game I'm enjoying this
this game probably doesn't have enough
meat in general for a full review just
because I mean this is it you're seeing
the entire game there's no there's no
upgrades there's no story there's no
nothing so I love it
I love it but it's just it's just this
and there are apparently like 20 bosses
this was made out of a game jam afford
it make a game in 48 hours and they made
basically this game with four bosses and
they liked it so much that they turned
it into a whole game relatively cheap
relatively cheap not not them
it's it's 15 bucks and I got it on I got
it on me I knew I wanted to play it for
stream just because I figured it'd be a
nice game where once I understood the
mechanics I could kind of turn my brain
off and talk really easily which is not
a negative for the game you know that's
I guess it's might be negative for the
game book Sony PlayStation had a sale on
this game so instead of being $14.99 it
was like fourteen thirty five what story
and Shadow of the Colossus there was no
I mean I enjoyed you oh and rich hasn't
played out of the closet yet
so you can't talk too much about it but
I think I think I've read all the
important spoilers at this point a
chance
sure I I like the way they handle I mean
again my face you know I don't like
cutscenes or anything like that and
there there are some cutscenes in in
shadow the classes but overall like you
kind of understand the story from the
beginning
you know which is you need to fight the
the colossi to get your beloved back and
it's questionable on whether fighting
the colossi is a good thing or a bad
thing and I think they handled it very
well I think I think the every every
time you kill a colossi there's like a
very there's a there's a thing that
happens after after every colossi you
kill and it gets almost hard to kill the
colossi because of the
but anyway it's it's I like to challenge
classes this is very like shadow the guy
mean and only only in oh yeah it's
identical oh right hey I stopped myself
from completing that sentence I'm glad
you had the wherewithal yes I mean
obviously they are both two games in
which you only fight boss monsters but
very different in hey Jack not to be
rude or anything but can you play
something a little more exciting yeah
you know that's not rude to you that's
that's something you would like the
answer is no not to be rude but no this
is what I'm playing tonight I'm kind of
into it
Oh somebody's pink who me
hey I don't know who the reason I'm
walking back and forth when I get to the
boss every time you get to the zone
worried where the boss is you walk back
and forth is that your OCD acting up no
this is a um this area I'm in is like a
UH is a labyrinth and so for example if
I walk to the left here it's a oh no
it's actually where I started so then I
walk back to the right oh no now this is
a different area so I walked back to the
left and it's again a different area and
so I just figured out how to get to
where I'm going efficiently which is why
you see me walking left and right
because this is one of those like lost
forest areas where the the landscape
changes as you go from area to area so
so that's a that's a that's a good
question it's a fair question
oh my god I died even faster that time
Jack can you please play some more
blood-borne listen the answer is
absolutely yes you know I'm playing I'm
playing blood-borne right now you can't
see it but I'm actually I'm fighting a
watchdog of the old Lords and I hate him
there's so much there's so much that you
haven't got to yet who's watchdog of the
old Lords isn't one of the chalice
dungeon guys okay I'm sure I might have
faced and like I said I think I'm to the
fourth gravestone four channels does
she's that big fire dog oh yeah yeah you
know what he was kind of easy he was
kind of easy I don't I don't know quite
what to make of the chalice dungeons -
oh my god to be honest with you I am I
want to find those lost uncanny weapons
that's what I want to do I don't think
you can get those until new game+ no you
can get that I think you just need to
unlock though the richyallum diggity the
user dungeons not the the pre-made one
so okay okay maybe maybe
I don't I don't remember I also think I
might buy this game soundtrack I'm
really diggin I hope you guys can hear
this game because I'm really diggin the
soundtrack diggin it and it's not your
normal ship to and affair which is which
I'm grateful for because there's a lotta
I thought that was it oh I timed it
wrong time to rock
I'm onto squid monster
gotcha what
what oh my god I got her I didn't you
sure
nope by the way I didn't I got part one
apparently he's a two-parter oh my god
thank you rich it's very helpful very
helpful very helpful
I'm a Filipino Bruno says I don't know
jack I feel like this game hits every
branch of the look at this pensive indie
game tree I mean listen it's pixel art
pixel art is a thing there's nothing we
can do about that
it's pared-down mechanics I don't think
it hits its own thing I think it's it's
unique enough that it caught my
attention I cannot name another game
like this you know your only weapon is
you can shoot one arrow at a time that's
it and you have to fight and you only
fight bosses I cannot name another game
like that so I don't know like if you're
gonna if you're gonna hate on games that
are pixel art then you're gonna be
hating on a lot of games
and this you know this was made for a I
think if you grew up when pixel art was
your only option
you're more receptive to it oh you know
I might agree with you that I might go
ahead and agree with this to be pixel
art just means game it doesn't mean it
doesn't even really mean retro just
means okay
I know but like look how beautiful his
bosses
so I think it I think it bounces the
whole you know
I think it does the whole skill thing
which we just got done talking about for
blood-borne which is kind of mastering
the one set of skills I think your
problem Jeff is you like to stream do
games that you're not familiar with I do
that's I die and by the way I don't see
that as a problem and then people get
aggravated when you you know you can't
get past a spot you don't know how to
get past or a boss mehar be a jerk
that's why I stopped screaming new
things by the way I don't see that as a
problem I want at least a passing
familiarity right right and it's like to
me I've hopefully part of the fun I mean
obviously there's a great frustration to
me failing but hopefully there's part
there's there's a lot of fun in me
discovering the game at night in general
I enjoy from discovering games and so
you guys are just gonna have to deal
with that and I want to make sure that
we keep up with modern stuff
goodnight Elvis thank you thank you for
coming out and this is the kind of game
that I like a little hard
pixel art nice soundtrack and the right
amount of challenging the right amount
of challenging which is very I like my
games to be challenging and I know this
is this is available for PC I did I
picked it up I picked it up for
PlayStation only because it was
cross-buy which means I could pay once
and get it both for the ps4 and my Vita
and I could see me playing this on my
video so or else I would have absolutely
bought it for Steam yeah it's alright
and by the way it's it's alright if it's
not your thing I ain't judging well I
suppose I am judging I just don't care
how about that that's that's my number
one rule I'll judge you but I don't care
that
stick to the edges as passing us take
the edges
I'm no good at using my
No
it's like half I know to get better at
using your yeah oh listen I know
and the other man just learned is if you
stay in that purple death cloud for too
long you die have we talked about
daredevil one just going back to dirt oh
no that's okay
yes by the way rich is actually playing
blood-borne in the background yeah
actually actually is and I do not blame
him at all yeah yeah I I do like I would
rather like I want to play blood-borne I
really do but but we've streamed it a
lot there's like been nothing but
blood-borne on the on the cut up
YouTube's lately and so it's just like
we can't stream blood-borne anymore or
else this will only be a blood-borne
stream dedicated to nothing but
blood-borne
so is that the worst thing that could
happen you know the answer's no oh I hit
you but
I did fill the air out after I shot it
I'm just not I didn't hit him okay I
oversaw Ritchie now that you've seen
daredevil yeah do you think I oversold
it yes yes okay well then everybody what
I don't like about it has nothing to do
with your over soul oh okay it's good
yeah that's all you need
I just I just wish Wilson Fisk were like
more of a ruthless villain and not not a
man who goes unpleasant dates and lots
to build buildings for a safer cleaner
New York sure but I mean you understand
that the Pleasant date stuff is like he
made it he needed to be that was a that
was his fucking introduction right he
needed to be like a character that is
fucking introduction right it's right
though it's a show about daredevil and
the challenge is daredevil faces I don't
know that you you want to introduce a
sympathetic villain well how about a
human villain like you you know cuz it
is everyone treats the kid a kingpin
like he's the most ruthless evil thing
to ever walk the face of the earth and
he's he's not that at all I can't take
it seriously when everyone else in the
show treats Wilson finish like this
monster that needs to be stopped at all
cause when he doesn't act that way at
all
that's what I'd always be mean you're so
very wrong
we won't we're not going to get into it
now because it will get into spoilers
maybe we'll just hit a certain point in
the night right where it's like okay the
rest of the night will be
but you isn't you haven't even finishing
you know
you haven't finished let's take the fact
that people have been treating this man
like a horrible threat he's not so far
that's not gonna change no matter what
happens in the next two episodes he
might become the horrible evil ruthless
prayer Qaeda flight right here everyone
is treating him that way everyone is
okay here's the thing guys it's
happening we're getting into daredevil
spoilers I don't know if there's
anything specific I really need to bring
up if it's a whole thing
I'm just saying like if you if it's
officially happening right now we will
type in the chat when we're done talking
about it but I'm going to bring up
specific examples of why the villain why
everyone fears the villain so much okay
and so this is this is just a thing
that's going to happen so for anyone who
has not yet seen daredevil and wants to
remain 100% spoiler free starting now I
will tie it'll take about five minutes
it'll be five minutes and then I'll type
in the little thing when when we're done
okay
Wilson Fisk is the head of a crime
organization yes as part as head of that
crime right wait wait is he yes
well or he's the organizer
he's like a businessman who's allied
with with mafia he's the organizing
factor behind a crime organization
behind the crime right he's the one
everyone everyone in the crime
organization treats him like the boss
what actual crimes did the kingpin
commit oku personally with with his own
men not what not with his his underlings
that have their own so he blew up
buildings okay which which sure was he
was targeting the ones with the Russians
oh the ones with the Russian criminals
who kidnap people and sell them into
slavery yeah those are the people that
King been killed well he's a horrible
criminal well he did by the way so so so
you're telling me he went around and
made sure that there were no civilians
anywhere near those buildings or was he
just the kind of fucker who didn't care
about killing random people to kill his
enemies people treat him like the
biggest monster that has ever existed
yes he hasn't done anything to earn that
rotate
besides killing people with his bare
hands besides killing horrible people no
no killing people with his bare hands
people killed the Russian slick sex
trade trade guy with his bare hands I
don't feel like that's great that's
right but we're supposed to live in a
world we're supposed to the point of
daredevil is it's like Batman rules
we're like you're supposed to be better
than the villains he is a villain
because he murders people and he's not
murdering them because they're bad guys
she's married daredevil almost murders
people almost the same and I know that
that's kind of a thing they're they're
doing and that's fine but then don't
pretend like there's evil no no and he's
not he's not murderers he is not
murdering people because they're bad
guys he's murdering people because
they're getting in the way of his
ambition yeah but I need to see him
horrible things before I feel like it's
a horrible threat and he is in charge of
an entire like drug operation that's
that's what drug operation does he in
charges the one that's lady gal that
she's in charge of know that he is
helping facilitate with he is bringing
her together with the Russians in the
drug trade no but he's the one who
what's that
see rich you can't bring up a point and
then knock me down when I try to counter
your point all right so she has the
drugs right yeah Wilson Fisk brought in
the Russians because they're the
distribution for the drugs so he made
her drugs more accessible in the area
which means that he has facilitated the
drug trade because she did not have the
distribution network that the Russians
had and they say that in the show right
there's still a drug trade before the
kingpin not as large he expanded the
drug trade was there still sex trade
slavery trafficking going on before the
kingpin we don't know all we know is
he's the guy in charge because because
our heroes treat it like like taking
down the kingpin we'll fix everything
and it most obviously won't because he's
really only
his only function is to be a businessman
these evil horrible things don't be
going on regardless of whether or not
there's a kingpin and only taking down
the kingpin is the most important thing
in the world yes and if only that were a
team of daredevil rich if only the theme
of daredevil was like nothing does
matter that's the subtext daredevil all
the heroes talked about in the second
half of the show yes how we have tickets
down this man this man no we can't do
anything it's too powerful he's too
powerful even though he's not powerful
and what's the other thing they keep
talking about in the show is like do it
kill it like getting rid of him won't do
anything evil still exists that is a
subtext of the entire show right then
why are heroes Bach huh because they
have to do something and that's the
whole thing about being a hero rich is
you have to do something this is the
whole you're missing out on the entire
subtext of what it takes to be a hero
right like you're you're missing out on
everything that makes Wilson Fisk a
great villain which is that he is a
human the the fact that the only time we
see him in those first episodes he's on
a date that's brilliant
right like a superhero show check no if
you wanted to superhero show you can
watch The Avengers like this is supposed
to be the street level this is realistic
this is a man fighting a person in the
mob who's just a regular guy he's not a
supervillain he's just a kingpin he's
just a mob boss this is exactly what we
want we want the villain to be a real
person or at least you should right
he's just a real person we understand
his character completely and I agree
with you by the way that like his whole
like his whole like wanting to save the
city thing his lame I think that's a
lame thing but like but like we haven't
even gotten to the fact that like he the
king the kingpin owns all the police
right and the police kill anyone who
bring up his name right
so so that's a good thing that he had
you that he's controlling the police and
the police are killing people who
mention his name criminals you've
mentioned his name again again it
doesn't matter they're killing anyone he
has the police under control he owns
congressman this one man has absolute
power and you're saying that's okay with
you is this what like I'm saying what
he's done and what he wants to do isn't
that terrible
I don't I don't I don't know why our
good guys are freaking out about him
like they do because he is trying to
take over the city he's trying to take
over Hell's Kitchen and he's a murderer
he's trying to take over Hell's Kitchen
and he's a murderer and drug trafficker
and human trafficker what makes the
kingpins special what do you mean what
makes him special why is he such an
avian bird threat because he's the one
in charge
cuz it would just be the next guy if he
weren't around sure and then that's for
the net that's the next fight rich like
but he's the one in charge now what what
you're saying is they shouldn't do
anything because they'll always be
another bad guy and then we wouldn't
have any superhero show right I think
you're being dumb
I don't know I yes sorry I stopped
playing we got into a real nerd topic
here we got into an actual nerd debate
and I you know that's it's gonna happen
so back to 9/11 I guess is that moral is
the more of the story like the thing
that makes Daredevils such a special
show to me is like in one of the first
scenes we see the king no I spoke well
no one more spoiler one of the first
scenes we see the kingpin in he he
murders a man with his bare hands in a
car door that's great he's a violent
psychopath the next two episodes he is
on a lovely date with a seemingly
actually lovely dates yeah I'm looking
at a painting a lovely lovely date he
kills the man because he interrupts the
lovely go that's right you're absolutely
right it's like Oh first of all JP
versus the world thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated and
so like it's that it's that
juxtaposition and like the way that
D'Onofrio handles him as a character and
I know you don't like his tanks and
whatnot but but I think the way I think
the way that like he is so unsettling as
a character and you know I mean like we
know he's the bad guy because we've all
seen superhero stuff so he's supposed to
get a bad guy
and so then like just the way he carries
himself is so unnerving and then he's on
this lovely date you know he has this
like air of power about him and
everything that handles so well okay and
now we'll be done with or unless there's
anything else you want to get into rich
I'm just just just the summarize my
major problem with it is that everyone
else treats it like it's important
ladies especially because he's trying to
take over the city they all live in
write by making it nice know by getting
rid of everyone that's in it he talks
wilson fisk says very early on that he
wants to cleanse this
you know like it needs to be like the
Phoenix through the ashes of the city so
he wants to destroy the city in order to
rebuild it in in you know to be nice
again right
all of those poor people he's been
forcing out of their homes that came
later
he's offered them all very nice deals
later he starts by blowing up buildings
those are the Russian buildings that
innocent civilians could be around that
in fact like people a ton of people got
hurt because he blew up those buildings
they were a nostril yeah sure yeah and
you're just you're so long we're gonna
be done with spoilers you you're wrong
with your opinions rich which obviously
everyone knows opinions are wrong
sometimes for how important that Karen
page and funny Nelson and Matt Murdock
is that I think it is to take to take
him down how important that is to them I
think the kingpin needs to be more evil
for that to work for me what what
doesn't work specifically is is how
serious it is for our heroes to want to
take this man down there's no there's
nothing more the most the most difficult
and the most important thing they could
ever do is taking around the kingpin and
but and besides citing specific example
you know you know
like I said many disagreements are had
between you and I have I guess this is
one fine
that's gonna be fine Chad is complaining
about spoilers we've said we're gonna
talk about spoilers right that that
hasn't been liftin hasn't yeah I just
lifted it you just look okay and I don't
yeah kingpin is acting like Lex Luthor
in the Superman cartoons you know right
right
what nothing it doesn't matter it does
yeah all that matters is we both agree
that it's a good show
oh yeah yeah right so we are both in
100% agreement about that fleshy patch
says the most evil thing that kingpin
does he doesn't suck anyone's dick
that's the real problem that's the real
problem

[Part III]
all right just beat a couple more bosses
that's nice I think I have to go back to
that night now
I have to go back to that night now
which I'm okay with I think I can handle
you can't trick us
hey Jack rich just joining the chat what
do you guys think about daredevil
particularly kingpin yep yes you're very
you're very funny you're very funny
I give up on everything
you should just everything all the time
just like you should give up on this
game we're talking about I'm every great
them I want to fight that night boss so
you only fight bosses you only fight
bosses that's it what do you what do
they need this open world for them what
is going on in this huge expansive ring
you're wandering around then what do you
do what do you do when you're not
fighting bosses basically walk into the
next boss yeah I think it's just that
miss fear okay a reminder of how small
and insignificant you are how much how
much did the game cost
14:35 look up that's a bit much
yeah what I've seen um and I will I'm
gonna go ahead and agree with you I'm
enjoying it I will say that yeah I think
if I could have tried to find this
skeleton guy now like if I could have
gotten it for ten like $9.99 five you
know or four or five that's a lot my I
swear my brain is I'm saying if I could
have gotten it for ten I would be I'd be
happy I'd be happy
5 min 5 would be long
I'm not like at fifteen or fourteen
thirty five or whatever it was
I'm happy with it not a hundred percent
I've got higher standards
slightly understands
Jack and rich how come you guys don't
cite the performance issues in the blood
burn video I know you mentioned the load
times but the framerate and motion blur
are pretty damn horrible what
performance issues
what's wrong with the framerate it's
fine it's fine it's fine no I don't I
don't care you know what if it's if it's
like 58 frames instead of 60 I don't
give a shit this game that's what's
matter what matters is that it's fun the
only before warming issue that bothers
me alone in class yeah and we do we
discuss that and that that's the real
thing I believe blood-borne runs at 30
frames a second spot but it's fine the
game makes up for that
we're not gonna we're not gonna cite
some console more cinematic experience
bullshit none of that the game is good
enough where you don't notice the
framerate that is the honest truth
where you are so into the game you don't
care about the framerate and if if all
you're paying attention to is the
framerate while playing blood-borne then
it's not a game for you if there's
performance issues I haven't noticed and
it hasn't in any way to attract it from
the game so yeah I'm not gonna complain
about it yeah yeah that's the thing
I'd yes neither rich nor I noticed it
and rich more so tonight is an avid avid
PC gamer a spectacular evangelical for
the PC master-race
neither of us noticed so so like there
are a few times where you know where oh
there is like there's a few times when
you're walking through the world and
you'll get you'll get a hiccup you'll
get like a chunk you know where it's
like oh this is this must be where the
world
what is this now this must be where the
world loads or something every once in a
blue moon but now I think you I think
you're crazy
citing performance issues
that's already telling me rich is an
asshole well we all know he's an asshole
we all love him for that all because I I
had eight and a one issue with a series
that I like can't win Jack you can't win
never you never can
okay great I found it rich you never can
if neither of you noticed the thaw the
sub-30 hurts and sometimes ten frames
per second drops I actually questioned
your credibility in reviewing games yeah
cuz that's you know that's what's
important not how fun the game is
absolutely get you get your priorities
straight is what I'm saying because I
know that no matter how fun a game is I
can't enjoy myself unless the specs are
up no fuck that we we play games I'm
still playing blood-borne no I don't I
don't give a shit if it doesn't meet
your sky high technical expectations
right
hmm yes I'm back to this box I can do
this
I can oh oh but I'm back here I got to
find that other save point damn it
that's just looking for crap to complain
about right there
right right what if what if they took
out half the enemies in the game so Oh
would that be preferable yeah yeah you
know what let's let's just take out all
the enemy variety and all the open world
goodness and exploration and then then
it'll run really smooth it'll be just
like the order okay oh yeah wait I'm
Filipino Bruno this is the one who's
complaining it says Jack and Rich don't
get me wrong
in the previous comment I said I love
blood-borne but the unlocks framix makes
the game worse I'm not asking for sixty
you guys have a hard time emphasizing
empathizing with other people well and I
think we've talked about this before it
I am provides plenty just if I think
your complaint is stupid I'm not gonna
care well I'm not not only that but we
can't tell your tone in text and so your
complaints came across a little snide
your complaint came across as because
you said that you in fact no no you at
you literally said that you lack or you
don't believe our credibility when we
don't mention frame rates and I think
that that is silly because again the
game is very fun and so your comment was
snide and so we met your comment with an
equally snide response I'm glad that you
enjoy blood-borne but you you came
accused arted aggressive and rich I met
your aggression
is on is how I'm going to say that if
you think that's accurate
this is something I have not heard many
people complain about here's one
blood-borne
performance issues no I don't know if
I've ever heard anyone yeah is the first
time ever hearing about it yeah
it is for me as well and I you know what
I mean like I said I I don't want to I
don't want to come across as if we're
being mean to you but like I said I was
just me I was meeting your tone and so
you know perhaps choose your you know
choose your words a little nice right
now
I will try my best to also choose my
words
because he says this is the thing em
Filipino Bernese em Filipino Bruno says
well no the credibility comment was
because performance does matter to some
people and if you didn't notice the bad
performance in blood-borne it's shocking
to me it's clear that were my biggest
gripe of the game but that's not what
you said like the this is the problem
with like reading the chat and you
having a small thing to type as we don't
understand your full thing all you said
was you don't listen to us because we
don't believe in frame rates and like if
that's a thing for you
that's fine the reviews the way I see it
is what I think of the game right and if
I don't think it's a problem I'm
probably not gonna complain about it or
mention it right this well this is the
thing and so like if that's a problem
for you that's I mean that's then that's
your thing and that's fine in your
review of the game that would feature
prominently exactly exactly
it's it's Ana territory of what I would
describe is non-issue
right why would you fight you know much
why we didn't talk about the length of
the or cares I don't talk about it's
fine you know it's it's basically it's
all fine if that's something that you
are concerned with I've you know that's
obviously than something you're
concerned with and you know in this is
something that I like I we did mention
like the ragdoll physics right the
ragdoll physics are crazy and they're
comical and I will apply the frame rate
issue along the same lines which is in
any lesser of a game that would be what
we were talking about you know we'd be
talking about frame rates and how like
it didn't meet technical specs because
there's not enough game to talk in any
lesser of a game that's all we would be
talking about is these minor gripes but
because blood-borne is so good
we can look past those things I hope we
can and I hope you can as well because
the when you have a game that good it is
it is fair to say your reviews are not
meant to be objective technical reviews
its editorial and just simply what you
want to talk about exactly Thank You JP
versus the world that's the thing if it
mattered to us a lot and hopefully you
know here in the chat you get to hear
why it doesn't matter switches which is
nice you know you get to have a little
more
you get to have a little more in-depth
conversation and I think that is a nice
thing even though we might disagree
more interactivity little more
interactivity
come on arrow okay arrow okay
Oh Oh he shot his own Oh
did you discover a thing maybe
well is it thing that will change the
world well my problem with his boss is
you seemingly what you have to do is
shoot the magic arrow and then quickly
retrieve your arrow and shoot the boss
which which is a little difficult cause
it takes a while for your arrow to get
to you but if you can time it right
apparently he can shoot his own arrow
and then and then you can just shoot him
so if I can find a way to kind of get
his arrow then then he can choose his
own errand I'll just be free to shoot
him which would be which would be great
if I could get it to work and I probably
can't get it to pizza train you're right
my problem with this boss is that it
kills me that's that's honkies nothing
but honkies I was just gonna say I've
got a little bit of a plan here I agree
with that
xxx MLG 420 legit scope Pro I do wish
blood-borne was out for all system so
everyone could enjoy it yeah that would
be nice you know that would be nice and
I did I did cut that part of the review
only for comedy the the whether or not
it's a console seller I wish some of
that was left in this people thought I
was fully endorsing buying the ps4 just
to buy blood-borne I originally in the
discussion I have a lot more to say it's
a lot more of and but I mean basically
what it boils down to is it should be
and and I thought that was fair
especially just because it was a that
was that felt like the best place to end
it so we're actually rich why don't you
go through whether or not what Lorne is
a console seller if you're on the fence
about maybe buying a next-gen system and
you haven't yet blood-borne is a good
tipping point yes but what if you don't
if you're not really interested in it I
don't know that it's ever worth it to
spend you know what would probably end
up being $400 just to play one game yes
and I'd like to think my rationale for
cutting out a lot of that argument and
there was a lot of back and forth
between tonight yeah my rationale is I'd
like to believe that anyone is smart
enough to figure that out
yeah you don't buy a console for money I
saw some comments that were on me for
that really yep and I then I do
apologize that's because rich did have a
much more nuanced point
that I that I cut for time not for time
for comedy
and I cut for cotton which is the real
comedy is the important how it is the
important thing
like ending it like I knew you say it
should be and I give a funny like that
that seemed like a funny place to end it
gotta figure this out
hopefully hopefully it will get the dark
souls treatment and you guys will will
get a PC port I think that would be
great I think a PC port will be great
because then you can have modders in
there fixing the little glitches that
people seem to have a problem with that
would be nice it would be nice and you
know according to the person at my local
gamestop blood-borne has been a console
seller bTW yeah was it more he sent
something when you went in to buy it
that that implied as much yeah when I
when I went in there to get another ps4
he made mention that and me personally I
think oh he's a good man this is
probably the same guy who left grand
theft auto 5 in my playstation 4 and
like my feelings is not only is
blood-borne a tipping point I think
there's plenty of good games while also
on PC are are are on ps4 that I think
the system is worth it you know like
there are plenty of games you know like
spelunky and binding of issac and this
game and rayman legends it's like oh
listen what I think I'm not I don't I
don't know okay
they are all on PC but also on the ps4
where
there's enough the ps4 has enough game
to be worth it
I don't be I don't know that I would
count your things like your spelunk ease
and your FTL's I mean anything that you
could play on it you know pretty well
whatever those those kind of games
you're just playing any kind of cheap PC
yeah I don't I don't think that could
ever count as a ps4 seller may I
discount stuff like that the question is
well and you discount that like me with
my a thousand hours of binding of issac
disagree with you the the question is
are there enough games were you on the a
system where you will get a use out of
it right it's a moot point though if I
already own a system where I can play
those games you know not an offense then
it's a moot point
for me sure for you blood-borne is the
only way I have it I'm glad because we
happen to do anything so but right right
now it's the only thing on a next-gen
console that I feel is worth owning a
next-gen consoles before yeah yeah you
know a little bit that would that would
change when the new Batman came out if
if that weren't going to be on the PC
but it is so yeah oh and by the way I
totally agree if you already own a
gaming PC there's there's literally no
excuse to get a ps4 right now my ps4
it's a blood-borne machine right it's
it's the deck that dedicated blood-borne
option right right but let's say you
don't have a gaming PC and you're
thinking about getting a consult
I know I got this I can get I can get
this can get us yeah comes at you shoot
it then you can dodge and get your arrow
back and shoot him and kill Jack when
the battle starts and he is charging
that big arrow don't hide behind the
pillar stand in front of him and when
the big air comes at you shoot it I want
to see I tried that already I will give
that another try I will give that
another try
would you say you're having fun yeah oh
yeah I'm enjoying this game you know I'm
getting a little frustrated by this
blood scream start and son were
frustrating than anything else
you know that's how these games work
sometimes that's how these games work
sometimes I'm just trying to figure it
out and I've gotten close to this boss
too which is the extra frustrating part
you know oh yeah where it's like I've
seen it what burnt Beast all over again
yeah the the blood surveys exactly let's
start these you get him down that sliver
of Health in it's like I've seen this
guy in his skeleton form and I'm just
haven't been fast enough fast enough
together I know because I was trying to
listen to the chat the chat said shoot
the arrow right when it shoots me and I
tried that and it didn't work so now I'm
going back to my strategy of hiding
Jack shoot him
yes that's exactly that's exactly what
Stan
I'm gonna get this it's gonna be right
hey everything's in the right fight the
boss face on when he shoots the arrow
with your air will reflect straight back
then you'll fire him quickly no but I
I tried that and it didn't work if you
would like if you would like me to do
that again if the joke is let's make
Jack die a bunch then are you dying a
bunch as it is oh yeah
have you given the other way how many
chances I missed it try try try couple
more might be something to it
might be something to it to it my name
is like baby maybe this is like the
blood-borne repost or you just you need
you need to get the knack and I needed
to get the neck way yeah yeah yeah no
and you're right alright
all right you know what you're right
anyway all right okay I'm gonna go over
here because this gives me the most room
okay I tried again and you're sure it
didn't work
I think the arrow needs to bounce off
something first
that's what I think
you know I think I think I think the
error needs to bounce off of something
of hers I don't think I can hit it
head-on and I think I did hit it head-on
just there and it didn't work
your guess is as good as mine as I have
literally zero experience playing this
game right right I'm going to go back to
my dodging
oh and my dodging is stupid
good I did it I just needed to be a
little faster and I was faster and
everything's great now so you you beat
you beat then I beat man and
everything's great
everything's great
yeah yeah yeah boo yeah that feels
pretty good it feels pretty good cuz I
did it now I can't do the Ric Flair I
can't do the Ric Flair thing yes your oh
that's right they need to pray
slaughtered oh great great
what time is it 11:00 yeah I can stay up
a little bit later I think I can stay up
a little bit later oh you know what's
gonna keep me up I know it's gonna keep
me up I'll be right back
rich yeah Phil time oh god damn it
uh hello how are you doing are y'all mad
at me about the kingpin no even though I
still like there don't I know you're all
mad at me it's not being mad at me it's
fun
what Oh God
see I'm playing blood-borne now and
right now I can't talk cuz I'm fighting
a a group of monsters in a chalice
dungeon horde trying to murder me that's
counterproductive to talking with people
and that was a whole lot of people in
this fucking room and I'm dead and I'm
dead I'm gonna blame Jack cuz I had to
full-time and I'm gonna blame Jack Jack
now I gotta find my way back to this
room with an absurd number of enemies
and somehow get my echoes back Apple
side thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it apples side apple
side mmm like suicide by Apple's maybe
like apple cider
maybe apple cider or or killing an apple
or killing with an apple I think that's
it showing an apple
so how did you three outs right I I
talked about blood one how I was
fighting monsters and blood-borne which
which area are you in now I'm in
dumpster and chalice dungeons oh that's
right that's right that's right so the
thing I got to keep to keep my to keep
my wits about me there's that there's
that beer I like I've talked about a lot
called its ballast point sculpin it's
like a grapefruit juice infused beer
it's very very good it's an IPA very
high alcohol content really beautiful
but they make a habanero beer it is a
beer as an IPA made with with peppers
with hot peppers and it tastes like it
and it's great
Oh Lord Belmont no I don't I don't I do
not have OCD I'm wondering because I've
suffered horribly from others in the
past 14 years and it sucks so much joy
of life no no I know you made that OCD
joke earlier and a lot of people just
say OCD kind of really nearly not
understanding that it's a very real
disease and just liking things to be
organized is not the same as having OCD
and you know so I take no offense to it
to you making an OCD joke apparently you
have it that time I have other things
but but not OCD don't don't you worry
anywhere about don't you worry about it
oh I think I've reached a fire dungeon
thing so it's a habanero beer and it
tastes like jalapenos it tastes like
habaneros it is actually spicy it is a
spicy spicy beer and I kind of loved it
and I kind of hate it okay I'm gonna say
where it's like you take you take a sip
of it and it is hot and the nice part
about that is it makes you drink it slow
and the bad part about that is it makes
you drink it slow I'm nope I am no beer
expert as everybody knows it's it's
crazy
oh no worries Lord at Belmont we you
know there's there similar things like
I've talked about the past before my my
dyslexia and that's another thing where
you know people just kind of say
dyslexic offhandedly and you know it's
nothing I take offense to it's it's
obviously it's a big issue for me but
you know that's it's if that's what
people want to say it's gonna be fine
so hopefully people understand if I'm
and I'm sure I've said that's so OCD
before you know stuff like that we all
have our things
I have no sensitive diseases medicine so
fuck all you guys
Leslie unless they classify being a nerd
as a mental disorder I'm in the clear I
mean may my maybe they should maybe
where the fuck am I now I'm gonna I was
in a fire I was in a fire pit now I'm in
a snow pit not a snow pit
just gonna walk it around everybody
crocodile brain
everyone says dyslexia offhandedly
that's you know oh sorry just being a
little dyslexic when you speak
incorrectly that's just a thing people
say and that's fine oh my god oh my god
that man killed me so fast got my own
I've got my fright oh oh we're all back
that okay
the game seems unfinished without
enemies on the map I mean yeah no yeah I
think I feel the same way
why do you need him it's a lot of real
estate for nothing it's you know it is
what it is
give me someone to talk to him fuck's
sake
yeah you got to find him be it uses you
know that that sounded a risk of rain
when when the when you get to the next
difficulty level that that chime I want
to say this uses the exact same time
we'll do a side-by-side comparison later
I'm sure
it's completely different
oh my god that killed me so fast oh my
see that's a that's what I'm feeling
mister glitch is like were the net were
the many or were the non bosses in Zelda
ever worth fighting or were they more of
an annoyance you know which which non
bosses know they may think if there were
nothing but bosses and Zelda Oh that'd
be terrible
oh jesus H Christ yeah I'm gonna go on
record or saying that would that would
just be awesome you know I think in the
dungeon you need those enemies but in
the overworld its its bounce like it
like for example in blood-borne right
like all of the enemies are wonderful
while you're exploring right like it it
adds it adds real tension while you're
exploring each level but after you found
the boss monster and you just want to
make your way through all those enemies
equally become annoying and because you
just want to get to the boss right yeah
and some this game just cuts that out
just cuts out the exploration I was
solution the solution is to not die on
the boss yes and Isis I will say that
with this game getting exploring in this
game is no fun because you're just one
here because there's nothing to do yeah
and nothing to discover yeah you're
literally just walking away
it just seems depressing okay that's the
maybe that's the point well the world
was large and empty and you will die
alone that's what that tells me but
maybe that's what this game is about I
don't know
yes the great I like that this is the
I'm fighting the great molten testicle
that's exactly what I'm doing
yeah share to the classes you know
didn't have any the shadow of the
classes didn't have any like small
enemies it only had bosses right but I
think so but it would but bosses don't
seem so fun in this though is the
problem
well the bosses are fun yeah it's it's
figuring him out and unfortunately this
boss seems to kill me so fast that I
can't figure about haha if you're if
you're gonna give me a game that's
nothing but boss battles they'd better
be some fun spectacular boss battles
that's the real thing like the boss
battles in shadow the classes were an
event you know yes boss battle I get to
climb all over the boss he had to find
its weak point that it took a while here
it's it's less of an event than just
figuring out the trick and so you know
it's just later
it's different
nope didn't get you you got me the
all-seeing eye of testiclees I like that
I like that testiclees yeah I'd pay 124
for this yeah that'd be you know I'm
sticking with my 10 by 15 like I'm
having a good time and it's like as we
talked about last time this is a
business expense so it's a tax write-off
what if it weren't of tax write-off as a
viewer I'm going like sub 5 sub 5 really
yeah I think as a live open space bosses
that aren't terribly interesting because
I can play it both on the big TV and on
my Vita that means yeah okay that's good
means nothing for me for me I'm sticking
with my with my original assessment at
10 I would have been really happy with
10 15
not a little bit again Oh steams me five
cents one steam sales 75 cents
sit up like even for 15 for this time
and it's like knowing that I can like
save it here on my ps4 and then like
pick up the same game on my Vita later
I'm I'm gonna be okay with 15 I'm not
super psyched for 15 I would have been
super psyched at 10 but I'm gonna be
okay at 15 is what I'm saying
that's what I'm saying
the hard part is that I seem to be
moving forward but I don't think I'd
beat any of the earlier bosses really so
it's like am I gonna have to go back oh
my god this guy's awesome I'm fighting
an awesome boss very happy about this
boss he looks awesome yeah well you'll
see in a second that boss looked really
great
I was really happy with how he looked no
it's not sad it's not sad when when like
$15 makes or break someone I think this
is something that's constantly in
question is like the worth of a game you
know and I think it's an important
question
so are you coming up with like some are
you finding a strategy to beat the boss
you're just getting lucky me yeah
oh uh no I'm finding this right defining
okay I'm finding the strategy like for
example with with the Knights I knew you
know I figured out that you had to shoot
the arrow once and then you just had to
be quick as hell to shoot him in the
body and eventually I just was I was
quicker with yet with the I boss it was
just dodging all of his rolling until
his I was right in the right position
and just waiting waiting them out until
I was in the right position
to get up at this boss I'm I'm trying a
similar maneuver I didn't earlier where
I shot the arrow and called it back to
me because he is a weak spot on me and
on the other side of his body and I
can't seem to get around okay okay so I
am using strategy obviously it's a
little locked because we've got to be
quick
because some of its a little work but I
actually am using strategic I am
figuring out the puzzle that's that's
all all these bosses are as puzzles you
know like you need to do X to make Y
happen to defeat the whole boss
so just gotta figure it out I don't
think my tactic of trying to get I'm
trying to call my arrow back is working
with his family it doesn't seem to me at
least maybe you just need to get lucky
maybe I need to get like here maybe I
just need to get good you know that's
what we talked about earlier you know am
I am i doing it wrong or am I just not
doing it well
can it be both
give agreed leftover beefcake there
needs to be some more button prompts in
this game then I would know then I would
know when to shoot the arrow oh and
you're right where's Phoenix when we
need them that this game now officially
has spikes in it as this enemy has
spikes so what is Phoenix's deal with
some ice what is the fascination does he
Evelyn spike collection at home we have
a whole room filled with rare and exotic
spikes I think I think that she's
ancient Egyptian spikes Mesopotamian
spikes all kinds of spikes Viking spikes
probably a lot of fighting spikes
yes I
no I just think I think in the early
days I mean that was a again another of
the early games we streamed was that
1001 spikes yeah yeah and then we were
playing other games of spikes in it
that's the running game I get that's the
gang that's the gang grid you gotta go
with the gag and now it's a running joke
sometimes sometimes when gags get old
they you know they after that fall you
have to go away to live on the gag farm
the special gag farm special gag from
where we're gonna be save him they'll be
happy though they'll play with all the
other gags and and and there's there's a
farmer there and he he tells the same
jokes every day so the gags are really
happy
what okay that did not work my my plan
to call the arrow back in order to hit
him did not work sorry it's okay what's
what's your new plan I get good I mean
we can try that plan again tried that
plan a lot it hasn't worked
nope it has not worked in my new plane
is I'm just gonna try to furiously get
on the other side of him oh my god I
thought you said you're going to say
furiously master but if they're
furiously my new plan is to furiously
masturbating stream now nothing nothing
that's right rich have you seen that
have you seen the the the the picture of
cartoon mr. Plunkett and the melted
Darth Vader mask that kind of looks like
cartoon mr. blanket no no people are
saying and I kind of agree that the
melted Darth Vader mask looks a whole
bunch like cartoon mr. pointy
oh okay I see I see
here's my problem is that this wasn't
waiting well you know there's there's
there's there's nothing more encouraging
then then if the people who make the new
Star Wars movies are plague effects
right well we know they are that is that
is the most encouraging thing right here
hasn't dig avons talked about seeing the
conquerors Lindelof well but then you
know like their associates that's who it
was Linda lo oh right right the the
point is there is a possibility and this
boss by the way so here's here's my
strategic if you if you dodge enough
this boss spins out of anger
okay yes so you have to wait until he
spins out of anger oh crap no no I got
you spinning
Oh see you have a strategic I have a
strategic I need to get him spinning and
then I can shoot but no language and I
tried pulling the arrow and it didn't
work I have to wait till he spins and
then I can just shoot him
I pulled the arrow and it seemed to hit
him directly in the back and it didn't
work try to hit him directly in the nuts
he doesn't have nuts he has it he has a
jewel on his back
that's his nuts so he's got two balls to
make first
really
it's what I got what I got I mean
it's fine it made no promises of quality
you know what that's true yeah that's
true
jokes are like spaghetti but the time
she's just gonna throw them on the wall
and you see what sticks okay you need to
stop throwing spaghetti on it is making
a horrible mess I've been meaning to
talk to you about your spaghetti
throwing ways
dammit dammit images
and had him spinning just had to run
away it's just part of life
know when to hold em know when to fold
them what a gambler you sitting sluicing
yes that does happen yes this is what's
happening
Matt now what happened like like 30
seconds to go cool it's great
congratulations
walk away know when to run it's their
hands a winner hands losin you don't
like the gambler know what is what is
wrong with you
it's not that I don't care for it I
don't what's what that song is brilliant
I don't even like country thank you I'm
just not it's not my thing
I know rich it's just nothing
just not my thing and that's okay
doesn't need to be like
dammit he's spinning anime
gimme game here
spin-spin-spin
it's been Newhart and son of a bitch
bitch
just wasn't fast enough I got him
spinning in a shadow it's okay that was
me
Ben Ben
in
I'm sure there's something that like
makes him spin I don't necessarily know
that it
damn it I missed again I had two shots I
hmm
gack rich gang Klingon oh right right
I uh I made some really good progress on
spacecraft today for those who don't
know I've been helping Jay with some
screen replacement and some wire removal
and space cut just yeah helping out
where I can I was having a really hard
time with some certain wire removal and
that rich might know about having to do
with a freely honest moving with her
early on in the movie yeah
damn man I was having some difficulty of
removing those damn wires and I finally
figured it out big ups to MOCA for
helping me on
that's what I was doing today was a wire
removal and screen replacement are you
gonna do one jsut leave them in for
comedy purposes if you better know I've
been talking about it
better guy than not I would I would kill
him
yeah I mean you know I would make it
look like literally kill him I would
make it look like an accident
toke therapy once
damn it but would one of them be fucker
would one of them be fucking one of
those words one of the words you said
there would be words with you AJ no yes
there could be people mostly because he
knows I've been yeah I've been doing
wire removal so if all of a sudden he
was like no keep the wires in there
funny
but you you know I've been doing work
and we've had conversations about how
the wire removal has been efficient
because it's big
nope
yes space cop exclusive there is wire
that's my official space cop removal
my official space cop exclusive there
are screen replacements and wire oak can
get you I can do this
nope I can't do this
Jay how is Jay's sanity holding up doing
special effects you know everyone is
gone
oh I was gonna give him a little credit
saying it was ever teetering on a
knife's edge but it might be gone you
know I can only imagine for whatever
movie Jay works on next there will be
exactly zero special-effects yeah
I have to imagine that myself we go you
know what it is tough it's tough and
it's time-consuming special effects are
time-consuming I want to beat this boss
now I just want to beat this boss
because I feel like I can you know yeah
that's that's the some sometimes you
feel like you can know and you really
can't and it's just the game tricking
you yeah if the game making you feel
empowered Jack how long do you have to
stand still to suck the arrow back you
you can only if you're if you are
shooting the arrow or sucking it back
you have to stand still like right now
I'm like pulling on the Arab ready to
fire and I can no longer move my move
button is my aiming and the same if I
shoot it and so then this thing if I'm
sucking it back I have to wait until it
gets to me before I can move that's the
balance
and I said I tried um I've tried sucking
it into his back before and that just
doesn't seem boom there we go I just
need to get the timing right fucking
nailed it
he's dead I win everything's great
how about dynamite boom goes the
dynamite roll because I'm victorious you
just subscribe and I appreciate
I'm all out of out of health files Jack
Oh No
yeah I think I'm fucked oh and you're
doing you're doing chalices yeah oh yeah
so there's no real there's no real good
way to farm yeah I found later on in the
game there is an amazing place to play
what now you you cut up for allegan
later on in the game I found the most
amazing place to farm for both blood
echoes and bloodstone chunks oh yeah
yeah it's amazing Longshanks did you get
long I did not your cheeks would you
like to get Longshanks one thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate it's true we do
it's very true we do three months in a
row
I appreciate that there's like a little
oh there's a little hidden okay I found
a little see here's the thing about this
art style rich you're gonna see this in
a second okay look at this boss I'm
gonna wait till you get there you're
gonna get there right now this boss is
freaking adorable it looks it looks like
a little molten head with like a jewel
pole look at that boss that's adorable
I'm sure I gotta hit that jewel sure I
got it's a girl maybe she spit out a
little thing maybe I have to hit that
it's so adorable now kill it
Oh
nope it's not the other thing okay okay
she spits out little molten fireballs
and then sucks them back in so I can
only assume I'm supposed to shoot the
arrow and she sucks them back in oh I
can only assume that's my strategy for
those asking about my wicked strats oh
oh oh and the things that she spits out
these like nom non-fire chunks and they
explode and when I pull my arrow back I
actually pull her and so I believe my
strategy is to pull her onto that little
chunk that explodes it's gonna be great
I figured out the wicked strats all
right
let's go you you do that thing I did
thanks it moral support deck that's all
I got
thanks rich all I can do all right yeah
yay I also like by the way someone I saw
in the chat someone is saying like these
are all like adorable enemies that are
minding their own business until I go up
to them and shoot them with a now you're
right yeah like like Shadow of the
Colossus yes I'm the bad guy and I'm you
know I'm just gonna be I'm gonna be okay
with that there there might be an
influence there I mean I'm sure
and bit more habanero beer oh it's so
spicy it's really great with pizza
especially like if your pizza doesn't
have any spicy toppings and take a sip
of beer and your tongue is kind of
coated with the spice and then you know
I have the pizza if you like spicy
things of course you know I hate spicy
books y'all do I happen to really enjoy
space
I have no tolerance at all
MC Lucas wants to know what the
character's motivation in the game is
that's a that's an important question
actually you know what Jack that's
actually something I am legitimately
curious Bob
what does that's not know I did
literally literally none like if you
thought there was no story I'm like
little story in blood-borne this has
nothing okay you just start the game and
start fighting monsters there is no text
block there's no like hint at story
there's no nothing
you nice to have something it would be
angry and by the way I agree with
give me give me the vaguest sense of
what
ultimate ps1 game that's a good question
Mega Man Legends those most
underappreciated game on the system
uh yeah I never played that I you know I
I probably played like the most
memorable for me was was Metal Gear
Solid that's probably just what I played
in Louis - yeah not I mean that's a
that's a good answer that's just what
I'm
now I need to find some more helpers
where did you go to where you go to farm
help you know I actually go just to the
oh come on
I go to central yharnam
yep just that first level of like just
run through you know ochres drop a bunch
you said there was a spot you go near
the end of the game I'm just curious
pebbles oh oh not for help files for for
it out for blood echoes and 400 oh yeah
we're okay that's that's later and and
yeah I won't i won't let you but if you
want to farm help files just that first
level you know yeah all those guys drop
health files and all the ogres drop a
ton of files that's all I do is just run
run through that first who you subbed
huh Oh
Oh creep mobile thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
and thank you for reminding us when we
miss the subscriber it helps I farm I
don't even want to tell you what it's
called because alright alright because
it's a fun discovery what if I don't
discover then we'll talk about it later
I never will because I didn't nobody
told me about it never would have
thought I never would have thought to
avoid there no yeah I think you have to
find
Oh Oh
but but yet you haven't found the
lecture hall the lecture hall yeah whose
what's the where's that it's it's the
thing you find giant hand grabs you and
takes you though a giant hand yeah the
lecture hall
no I don't think I've been to the
lecture hall all right but I we know
what when the giant are you talking
about the giant invisible hands yeah
that become visible yeah yeah one of
those guys directs you offer I mean I've
been caught but you know what I've never
been killed by being a specific one
drags you there if you have a specific
item in your inventory oh okay then then
definitely no I have not been there okay
because I haven't been dragged anywhere
by the giant of his plants and they're
visible now so maybe I can't go do you
remember the the stream I was doing were
in the forbidden woods that guy told me
to go back miss something
yeah I had to talk to that guy at the
window yeah he gave me the item I have
it then you go into the church she's
talking about and the monster that's in
Merrillville
if you have that item in your inventory
will take you to this whole other area
and what I'm going to assume that is an
optional boss I I don't know apparently
you know is that the mic I use I get it
you got it you got it you're gonna hold
different shells from that boss is that
is that the monster that's hanging right
outside the cathedral ward I'm not that
specific one it's the one in the room
where you wake up in a few
right after you beat those despite the
giant robbing the spider the vacuous
spider
oh there's one there yeah well you see
them cuz you wake up in the room right
after you beat that boss oh you know
what something really weird happened to
me went around the spider yeah so I beat
Rahm the spider yeah while
simultaneously being killed by round the
spider really yes and so after I beat
him you know I had to I got
i respawned at my lantern and went back
and there was just a lady there yeah
yeah well you wake up in a you know like
I look a pan or something an offering
pan after that does that cutscene yes oh
oh that one yeah that's the one that'll
take me to where I need to go okay okay
I know where he is I can get down oh god
is it is it 420 you guys what can I can
I tell you how and everyone here knows
my past with drugs yeah I have just
never ever cared for 4/20
I don't get it I don't understand it
what what just brought all this up in
the first place
so is that I just saw someone today is
4/20 uh or in um in you know 18 minutes
it's 4/20 yeah and it's like on 4/20 all
my friends would be like let's let's get
high and you know it'll be great we'll
just do that it's like that's what we do
no matter what why is today any
different why don't we just hang out you
know it seems like the best time to get
caught doing it cuz they're gonna be
able to look out no it's just you you
laugh that's an accurate statement what
it what it is is it's just some people
are looking for an excuse to do these
things and you know like I'm I I'm
raised Irish Catholic and it's the same
thing with st. Patrick's Day for me
where it's like everyone's like it's a
bad tricks day let's get wasted it's
like why not just do that whenever you
want to because you're an adult you know
you don't need a special day to do that
you could just say like it's Saturday
let's do that you know
so it's like it's it's good for you like
really like if that's what you're doing
today or in in 15 minutes like that's
great
alright saying is that you're an enemy
of fun I'm an I am an enemy of fun 100%
100% enemy it's just it's just one of
those things where don't you don't need
to make it into a thing you could just
say hey look why don't we just hang out
and have fun
it's but and also as an enemy of fun
like drinking games I've never been a
fan of drinking games you know or it's
like okay so here's the game it's like
if you we have a deck of cards and if
you if you flip over a king you have to
do this many shots and if you do this
you have this many shots and that's the
game right this is what people do rich
yeah and it's like why we can just drink
it doesn't have to be like a complicated
thing
I've never understood people's need to
like have an activity to go along with
drinking or getting high that can be the
activity Michaelis I'm assuming it's
just something to something to make it a
little bit more interesting I don't I
don't know sure I mean that's that's
mostly just me like I've never been a
fan of like like uh what am I thinking
oh you know this goes along with my
hatred of like apples and apples oh yeah
I hate that one's worth well it's like
social games like that where it's like
listen either we're playing a game or
we're being social we there's no there's
no room in my world for both if we're
gonna play a game let's play game that's
that's an actual game right right or if
we're just gonna like if we're gonna
like tell stories about each other and
like sit and bullshit let's just do that
we don't need cards to do that I'm with
you on apples to apples okay I got I got
your back there okay and I feel the same
way about cards against humanity'
because that's just like dirty yeah it's
dirty Apple yeah it's you know
it's it's let's say weird things around
yeah I I'm sorry everyone I made you I
do that I do that all the time anyway I
don't need a game that's my that's
exactly my problem with with cards
against humanity' where it's like why
not just hang her out and say awful
things that's more fun
you don't need cards we have a prereq
drinking game every time jack says it's
fine we take a drink well you know what
it's fine just keep you know what let's
see how many people we can kill with
alcohol poisoning just keep saying it's
fine everything's fine all the time
Thanks it's fine it's fine that's fine
it's fine it's fine it's fine
oh it's fine it's fine I can do this for
hours that's fine it's fine it's fine
it's fine it's it's fine rich rich but
really it's fine you don't need to you
don't need to keep saying it's fine
because it's fine what what don't I have
to keep saying it's fine you know what
well and here's the reason you don't
have to keep saying it's fine it's
because it's fine
I think I think that oughta do it
hopefully you're in a real happy place
right now don't think you will be in
about 20 minutes
ah okay so I figured out figured out
what to do with this boss she's a little
tougher tough a little
tie-dye
I think this is gonna be this is gonna
be the last boss for me tonight okay but
it's pattern how many bosses are there
at least a decent number I think there's
20 that's not bad and so far I've only
defeated like maybe eight if even that
no and you know like there's 20 bosses
and they've done they've done the be
normal like you know right now I'm in
molten world and I have a swirl so
there's nothing to do with any of this
world so just seems extra silly
I guess I do think the world is in favor
waistline it is I mean I agree with you
the world is very slight
damnit oh she's tough so I need to she
spits out she spits out fireballs and
then she spits out like a like a boulder
right yeah and the boulder is lower to
the boulder I need to I need to glue her
to the boulder and then her fireballs
explode the boulder and then I need to
get my arrow back in time to shoot her
jewel right okay I just can't no I'm not
fast enough gotta be faster
I gotta get good you could always call
it link I mean I could I still feel bad
about that I still feel bad about
calling it before I beat the blood
starve beast oh yeah yeah cuz I did I
called it now it was too much for me and
it's like God in that particular monster
just just fucked me up so much blood
start feast yeah yeah yeah Oh
that thing had my number and it will not
will not get off her jewel yeah so she
has like a little piece of like like a
crystal in her head jewel
she would hurt you all then I say that
funny instead of just food you said it
exactly the way it was it's her jewel
she's got like a little jewel in her
head
nope nothing
oh it's over here okay damn it
you're so convinced it's a she yeah boy
boys aren't allowed to have pig crystals
stuck in their head first of all it's
purple oh I'm sorry it's violet okay
yeah I wish I knew my colors as good as
Jack yeah yeah she has feminine
qualities about her so I'm going to call
her a female globulus fire she's a
female fighter droplet but like miles or
even seeing a globulus fire thing before
Jack no no I know you don't know
anything about them maybe it's a morph
night like a home or for datin Hamoui
died thank you for subscribing it
changes shape it's a home orphan type
but an actuality Cade Cartwright thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate know you know like she has
eyeliner she has what appears to be
lipstick there are human feminine
qualities about this globulus fireball
that uh that I so I'm going to call her
a her she might not be her but that's
what I will label her as
also I like referring to her as a
globulus fireball
boom
ah you're right rich is a true romantic
it absolutely could be a guy or it could
be just a sexless by lifetime by the way
I'd like y'all to come out and see my
new band sexless ball of fire
I would I would 100% go see a band
called sexless ball of fire all right I
just want to let everyone know that
okay you know what I beat her that's a
win work I feel I did I felt good about
that
I used my strat T jury and it works as
you should always use your strategic
Ridge okay okay so that's it thank you
all for coming out to this stream we
will be streaming Wednesday what we're
doing dead rising right yeah unless
everybody calls in except for me I don't
know yeah fuck if I'm streaming alone
I'll do something up no I well I'm
coming in I'm gonna come in okay
definitely one person you know what I
put it on the calendar so it's gonna
happen so what's a done deal I mean then
that probably means there's something
I'll come up and I might not be sealed
signed and they'll deliver as of right
now I am coming in to just ring so Dead
Rising Wednesday thank you everyone for
coming out thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thanks to everyone else
who watched me play another pixel-art
indie game because i know you guys love
it so much someone does
