Jan 18, 2015
Arkham Asylum, Plants vs Zombies, Crypt of the Necrodancer
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3712144
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3712166
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3717616
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3718100
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lePJZF-mh3c
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lwUoDMcQ7M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrkYe4nVVok
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/556934994086465536

[Part I]
No audio

[Part II]
oh I think we have a guest hello Seattle
you're on the air and how do you feel
about the proposed tax hikes because
then we're going to stadium it'll be
great
I heard the Seahawks won how how
terrible for all of the Green Bay fans
out there this is a sad sad day for them
someone told me and I don't know if you
know rich is if Green Bay would have won
they would have been in the Super Bowl
yeah I know this oh is he and I didn't
fucking fuck him to death I'm just I'm
just sad that Aaron Rodgers leg didn't
fall off come on
fuck you I'm wishing ill will yes we are
oh great hi everybody did you hear did
you see the article online getting
passed around the Green Bay Packers
apparently in their downtime of play
Settlers of Catan Wow that's good that's
good for them when they're when they're
when they're not when they're not having
gay butt sex hey there's nothing wrong
with being gay Jack I'm just implying
that maybe this is something that the
Green Bay Packers would would engage in
that's all nothing wrong with it there
really is like an hour ago we took a pit
stop and I showed up an hour ago just
thinking to myself oh I should change
the name of the stream
because I didn't know if you could get
in and Mike you were streaming but you
weren't there I was I was on a break
I've been I've been streaming since you
know 3:30 4:00 in the afternoon
why figured if I got a kill and I was
gonna kill time I was gonna play some
Arkham Asylum anyway I figured I may as
well just stream it so it was kind of a
secret stream it was a silent one I
didn't have him icon for almost all of
it it's like last last half-hour I've
had the mic on yes I'm mostly successful
so far yeah I had the game crashed twice
so it feels it feels impure you know
it's not it's not one uninterrupted no
death run cuz I had died to turn the
game back on so I don't like that and
then I had one of those you know press
lb to say if he does the back klom but
you know you don't get a game over
screen but it's kind of like almost it
feels like it should be a falling death
it does so I had one of those what
happens though if you don't press lb to
save I don't know I don't know because
if you if you press L or if you don't
first lb is that like a real death you
have to go back to that I'm not sure I
just know it makes me feel bad and even
if I do manage to go through the night
without getting an official game over
screen I'll feel like I have to try
again at some point but we're going to
soldier on ok you might I don't know if
you want spoilers you might want to
actually not watch the stream oh my god
yeah yeah okay oh yeah pop the chat I
want me to turn up I'm turning my
microphone up I don't know if that helps
well I could turn I could turn you up
over here and then just turn the game
audio down let me do that I mean if
you'd like I also turned myself up a
little bit but we'll see if this so
we'll see
we will see if this helps hi everybody I
made it here safe everyone was very
worried because I was I was tweeting out
pictures of my morning beverage intake
which included double-fisting coffee and
beer and then I said I was driving back
from Minnesota today I was not driving
don't worry all right JEP how does Jack
sound dizzy this is Jack this is Jack
and this is kind of my normal talking
well that's like my radio voice this is
my normal talking voice so Jack's audio
is much better better Jack still a
little low I get I can I can turn you up
even more if you want well that's
alright
it sounds like I have a mouthful of
cotton
it sounds like I have a mouthful of a
cotton now is it good
but a little better drunk Jack sounds
like a smooth dude that's right a
horrible glory Jack is here that's true
honey in my ears very muscle still motto
how do I sound in your head well known
all right you son loud in my headphones
okay I've got your audio now turned all
the way up oh I guess I could just turn
my audio down everybody could just raise
the audio on their side I don't know
sure that might not or maybe they have
it all the way up I don't know and that
could be that could be a way to do it
that's alright why you know what why the
eff not that's the really thing that's
not not good enough still not good
enough still yeah turn turned down rich
we're gonna turn down me no I'm down and
Jack is up it's true alright Jack is
here Jack is always here junkie low is
saying everything isn't fine but that
was before I turned myself down so now I
don't know what's going on now jack you
just watch what they're saying and if
things are bad well I'm gonna go back to
game great and you might you might need
to carry the burden of this chat because
I mean I'm in no deathrun mode I might
be quiet at times
I'm okay with that okay we can talk
about stuff okay I see good
I see perfect sounds good great I
thought I'm gonna say it's good enough
all right it's good enough for rock and
roll well you know what all right indeed
I'm going the wrong way
well congratulations Batman just started
going the wrong way I mean he does so
he's horribly embarrassed but he's gonna
act all cool about it not say anything
he's just gonna he's just gonna turn
around and go the other way what you
need to do is there needs to be a button
to like bend down and pretend to look
for clues it's perfectly fine
oh hey user two seven seven two two one
I'm glad I'm here too
it's great it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great jack what say you about
Jays daily blogs I love them I think you
know I think it's so great that Jay is
finally like expressing himself you know
we get a lot we get a lot of chances to
talk previously recorded live just about
random stuff but you know like there's a
lot of back-and-forth there's a lot of
conversation and so I feel like Jay
holds back and so now that Jay has his
own daily vlogs he can just really
off-the-cuff say what's on his mind so I
think it's great I think it's absolutely
great so yeah I really think they're
very good yeah but you know I'm not a
fan of vlog is in general but you know
like I watch Jays of course of course he
just talks to me in general so it's
weird it's actually also it's also weird
just in general to bring it to change
your subject slightly Jay Jay has some
very interesting things to say he does
he does and I enjoy talking with him in
general that's why I actually sometimes
it's weird watching episodes of half in
the bag because like you know or talking
with Jay in person where it's like if
there's a movie I know that Jay has seen
and has done an episode for sometimes I
won't watch the episode because I want
to see the movie first
and then if I'm talking to Jay about it
like I can hear I can hear the half in
the bag episode coming out of him you
know
yeah boy in his vlog Easton he's not
just talking about movies you know he's
expanding his horizons
he's nothing about whatever it's great
it's great it's great to see
no it's great but yeah um sometimes that
is weird for me just in general like
watching half in the bag and hearing Jay
and Mike talk back and forth just
because it's like you know I'm peering
in on their conversation and that's
weird sometimes for me just because I
have regular conversations with them
that is all so how was your day today
was today was all right you know I I was
visiting friends in Minnesota over the
weekend we go up there my wife and I and
kids go up there every once in a while
to visit friends oh sorry man so that
wasn't a business thing that was just uh
Jack oh yeah that was just a fun time
thing not a business thing so you say
yeah we just got there and visit friends
and and all hang out very old friends
and today was driving back we stopped at
IKEA on the way back rich
IKEA is life IKEA is love I don't know
if you've ever been to Ikea furniture
jack
it is super cheap but all of it is
exactly what you need it's good build my
own furniture why they stays Jack that
would be fun
build your own don't mean why not build
my own desk
sure why not buy some wood make a
kick-ass oak desk rather than something
that I'm sure you could know I mean can
you do that do you have the ability you
know I would have to expand my horizons
what are you laughs but I do write I do
it I am you know you know what you know
what I really wanted you know though
yeah we're at me in the whale Oh hold on
I got a bat man I gotta I gotta be
Batman Jack I gotta be back in no you bi
you be Batman
see the jet has the same pacing pacing I
made I made a made a boneheaded mashing
mistake oh we're playing a drinking game
by the way okay
every time I get hit take a drink okay
well then every time I get hit or shot
so everybody has to take a drink now all
right I'm taking one I just thought I
just saw it on the replay you getting
hit actually I am gonna watch you a
little bit I'm gonna watch your combat
look I get some combat pointers it's
gonna blow your mind how good I am
that's a true statement I love when you
get really like cockily overconfident
overall confident I am exactly the right
amount of confident jack it was exactly
the right amount is it amuses me when
you're cocky in general just because as
a person you're not very cocky and so
you know when you do when you get cocky
in a game it amuses me when I get cocky
it's because I deserve it
hey my Xander one thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
alright so anyway what what I want to do
is I was at a hobby store with my firm
we're looking for like stuff for space
cops for making miniatures and whatnot
and I saw what they had they had a one
two three fifty scale enterprise 1701 2a
or the you know the refit one from the
motion picture model like when built
it's like three feet long oh my god I
really want to build it I really want to
build it and I want to do a good job of
building it sure
but I'm sure there's a lot of work that
would go into that
do that hmm wait oh no I'm just I'm
reading a chat it says Jack I want to
donate directly to you and get a sub can
we do that maybe what does that mean
Brad I don't understand your questions
you want to donate to us and subscribe
then then just subscribe then you
subscribe or go to red letter media comm
and there's a donate button on the upper
right hand corner if you just want to
donate and don't want to subscribe works
but back on the levy the enterprise
model things like I was I was looking up
the paint jobs on that and you know you
know that that ship from the movie it's
got all of those those like panels
they're painting on it and there's like
thousands of them oh my god and it would
probably take me a fucking geared to do
that and to do it right but oh here cuz
like it's not just about like putting
the model pieces it's an amazingly
intricate paint job for that right oh my
god with special iridescent paint it's
not even you know like a different color
or just the white shines differently and
that makes it look like a different
panel and I want to do it I want to do
it so bad don't know don't but like the
full looking up what not what do you
what do you mean no why not because it's
a chachki
what do you mean a chachki look at you
talking about where are you gonna make
sense on top of my desk why not I got my
spider-man bust there I'll just move the
spider-man Boston I'm replace it with a
three foot long model of the enterprise
I love like I would love to build
something like that but I would then
what I would then love to get it out of
my house well that's you I'm it's not me
and I want to do this I've never
seriously built a model kit before but
now I want to and I want to build like a
huge ridiculously complicated one maybe
start with a simpler No
I don't want to that's not how this is
gonna go down Jack that's fine I'm okay
with this hey do what you do I'm gonna
make a little miniature Captain Kirk and
I'm gonna put him in one of the windows
and it's gonna be awesome
mm okay
I can I can hear the lack of confidence
in your voice Jack I mean I find it I
find it very disturbing I I mean you I
enjoy stuff like that I am a couple a
couple or like last year the year before
I built myself a strong Beast I don't
know if you know what these are they're
I don't know what power waste is what
it's a wind-powered robot okay and so
you know imagine just the most
complicated model ever because it's like
you're building moving parts and then
they all hook up to a fan like a
windmill blade type fan and then you can
blow on it or put it outside on a windy
day and it's like the spider thing that
crawls when the fan moves huh it's it's
them it's the most beautiful thing in
the world I need to get another one
because mine broke down you can do that
but I can't build a Starship Enterprise
it's it's first of all one it's small to
it does something so this would be a
model of a ship I love I think I think
visually
the single best version of the
enterprise you know ABCDE or or whatever
is the the refit one yeah or the a
however you want to look at it okay but
that that is just a gorgeous
science-fiction ship okay and I needed
sure no and I I'm purely playing devil's
advocate here obviously you know if you
want to build a ship and place it on
your desk you go ahead I'm just I'm just
making sure you you think through all of
me
what consequences what are you talking
about what what are the consequences
what what are the bad things that could
happen to me the ship might come alive
and shoot phasers at me I might I might
build it so awesomely accurate that the
ship works and decides it's going to
attack it's creative that's what you're
worried about
well you're you're silly check i well
you know I'm worried I'm worried that
you will make it's so perfect and
gorgeous and beautiful that you will be
unable to leave your house stare at it
until I starve to death well maybe maybe
the model will be so perfect staring at
it will nourish me and so then I won't
starve to death have you thought about
that I I think that's more likely
Meisner one asks Jack have you ever been
to American science and surplus in
Milwaukee and that kind of lends itself
to the whole model building conversation
American science and surplus is one of
the most beautiful and perfect stores
ever well they used to be one in Orland
Park Illinois I was there quite a bit
when they were in operation there great
it's it's just like random electronic
engineering
it's just random stuff that you can use
for anything I I spent a ton of time
there when I was in high school my
friends and I would go and just pick
through and buy weird stuff I go now
still like if I need props and if I need
a little like electronic pieces for
props but I don't go that often anymore
which is unfortunate cuz I love that
store I could spend all day just
touching everything in that store but I
like stuff like that I I like Nick Nicky
stores and I let you know what I like
I love tchotchkes which is why I don't
have that many of them in my house
because it would be a problem for me we
we we pick up strange things for sets
and science and surplus all the time
mm-hmm so red letter media is no
stranger to the science and surplus
store big supporters of American science
and surplus right next to a decent comic
shop to lost a world of wonder in comic
shop not my go to the comic shop
I'm a collectors edge guy but they were
they were giving away their CD shelves
and we took like eight of them to be
part of the space cop set oh did you so
part of that lost world wonders will be
in space cop forever oh great that's
great a Michelle 87 asks does fuck
bought 5,000 make an appearance in space
god no oh
rich I was gonna do a bit oh I'm sorry
jack no wait I did I say no I'm not sure
what I meant to say it wasn't no I was
saying no about something in the game
yeah I was saying no about a thing that
happened in the game what were you gonna
say Jack
okay well the honest answer is no fuck
five five thousand the cardboard box the
fucking robot will not make an
appearance in space cop I was going to
say I was going to tease people and say
that they need to find his they need to
find him like we've hidden fuck about
five thousand that's that's not true at
all no no it's not true at all but
wouldn't that be funny like after like
months after space cop comes out they're
like I I think I found fuck BOTS I think
this is his arm and this scene yeah I
think that's just cool yeah it would
have been cruel but just cruel and I
would have had to if he told that
instantly I'm sorry it would have been
funny for me
so everybody pitches in for building of
the sets then I mean that's that's Jay
Mike and rich yeah yeah it's you know
I'm there to help move stuff I don't
build anything just because I'm usually
just not there but yeah J Mike and rich
build everything that you see on camera
and some other things like baby they
built sex for me which has been great
well the best thing is that the dolly
event j-bolt know that is not the best
that is the best thing it's super cheap
and effective you can call it a piece of
shit but that thing work said it's
worked for years no he is a new one now
I wish I you know what we get more use
out of the the old one because it's
easier to use it's easier to assemble I
think taking new bring by the way look
okay
gone take a drink yeah okay I will take
a drink I think that there's a way to
use the new wheels with the old track we
won't get started you won't get started
on a Dalek track why do you hate the I
you know it's it's it is it's a it's an
effective dolly yes don't throw pennies
to the dollar compared to other dollies
yes but it's just barely effective at
any moment that thing could crumble
under its own weight he needs he needs
wheels that are sent farther apart other
than that it's perfect and that's why I
like his other dolly track has like
those roller skate wheels on an L clamp
nice smooth ball bearing wheels where
it's like if he could use those wheels
on his PVC pipe dolly track I think I
think he'd have a winner and that's it
that's my big problem my problem isn't
his PVC dolly track it's the wheels for
his dolly
I mean basically Chad this thing is a
board with four wheels nailed at the
bottom of it
then some like commuter PVC - then you
put the camera on that you can move it
back and forth smoothly we've been using
it for years it's it's quasi effective
it's extremely effective
I think quasi by quasi do you mean very
I I mean it could crumble at any
involvement it hasn't and it's been you
know if it crumbled
even if ever crumbled amaryl as long as
that thing's been in use it would still
be a fine effective tool that that that
served proudly and well that's true and
that's right true I see a couple people
asking what I'm drinking tonight
right now I'm drinking an insurrection
Imperial IPA a very lovely beverage that
I picked up when I was in Minnesota
there's this grade liquor store by my
friend's house and they have they have
beer that we do not have here and so I'm
going to be drinking a couple beers that
I got there tonight and one of them
you're right I am pissing rich off
tonight off I see someone previously
retorted it says that he legit wants to
see an rlm movie a feeding frenzy bears
feeding frenzy there's there several
Arlo movies that you can watch right
this very moment and user2 77221 i will
not quit my hatin haters be hatin y'all
y'all is right am i taking a holiday
from work tomorrow I never take a
holiday from work I worked on Christmas
what's everything what's tomorrow
MLK Jr day Oh schools banks not that was
in February I don't know if that's one
that changes like oh okay okay
but I don't know tomorrow so no no I
will not be some businesses are open for
that one that's not that's a federal
holiday you know some businesses are
open we I have a video that I need to
shoot like next week and have edited by
the week after so I will I will be doing
tons of business oh nothing but business
it's gonna be business time up in here
that's right that's right
did you see I see some people joking
about feeding frenzy and their Academy
Awards
did you see here's the thing about
awards in general and I think we've
talked about this yep
I don't give him no bucks how's this
relate to feeding frenzy I was someone
was joking about feeding frenzy getting
awards okay and that made me just think
about awards in general so I don't care
like I don't care who wins an Oscar I
don't care everyone's in Aisle golden
thought that those things do not matter
to me at all right right and here is why
the lego movie besides a nomination for
a song is
not nominated for anything okay
including Best Animated Feature what's
animated what's nominated for Best
Animated Feature which is kind of a
stupid award anyway this won five
animated movies a year I mean that that
one is just complete nonsense in my my
eye so I will tell you what's best
animated here best animated the tale of
Princess Kaguya which is a Studio Ghibli
film which I'm sure is wonderful and
brilliant How to Train Your Dragon 2
which is not better than the lego movie
define it's a fine movie not better than
roar like a movie the boxtrolls which
I've heard great things about big hero 6
which we've talked about I enjoy not
better than the lego movie and song of
the sea' which I haven't so here's
here's here's the thing with the lego
movie Jack it's it's a movie with a
built-in excuse for being kind of just a
dumb adventure story it's got a great
arty-farty excuse for it but at its
heart it's a standard goofy animated
adventure movie right but there's a
reason yeah yeah they just they found a
loophole
basically yeah and so it's a loophole
it's fine we'll be fun movie
entertaining movie yes but then by the
way like when Yuri watch that after you
but I know it's the movie of the stories
challenge but that's okay because the
movie was in the child's imagination no
it's an excuse it's a gimmick
it's sure
okay what would you think of that movie
if they didn't have the child's
imagination spin on it then what do you
think it were just a lot of dumb
pop-culture references charming as they
might be I would think that it would be
some some dumb pop-culture references
and it was by the way I was in that boat
like halfway through the movie I was
just like this is the most trite and
simplest story I've ever seen why is
everyone so excited about this movie
this is like I was like that's what I
kept thinking is like this is the most
basic movie ever made why is everyone so
excited about this then you then you get
to the twist it's all in the child's
mind it's like of course yeah you know
why Jack they tricked you
yeah they fooled you yeah they fooled me
it was great they played you like a
puppet and I was along for the ride it
worked I was dancing but I enjoyed it
too
I enjoyed it a lot but the point is this
this is part of the reason why I don't
care about awards but is because they
they're not in it for like the best or
the art or whatnot they they have
towards don't matter no this is why you
don't see red letter media Oscar
specials that's true sure it's like
boyhood one the goal of yeah whatever
quitting sure we did it didn't change
our opinion on it write your opinion
that it's the greatest movie ever -
actually I don't have an opinion I
haven't seen it cuz I don't care - but
I'm you know Mike and Jay they don't
care
why isn't or one I'm glad I let you to
enjoy preacher somebody read preacher on
my recommendation and love great great
preachers amazing I'm still waiting to
get that from Jesse oh yeah yeah
I asked her about it the other day no
she's still gonna read it she's still
definitely totally going to read it oh
no I'm taking it from her do that at
least I'll have an excuse to loaded
somebody else then yeah great good to
get it back from her that actually would
work yes
great rich and Jack have not seen
boyhood so we have no opinions but I
find that I'd say about 75% of the time
no you know yeah 75% of the time I'm
pretty with Jay in my state not a
hundred percent but most of the time I'm
with Jay and Mike and I hate arty-farty
bullshit so I would probably hate
boyhood so I'm not going to see it cuz
I'm not gonna waste my time that's my
boy you still watching are you watching
the stream basically Jack no I'm not
watching this okay why the spoiler stuff
okay I know no I actually opened a
different tab to look up who got
nominated for Best Animated Feature
though I want to know who this is
supposed to be chat if you know who the
fuck this is supposed to be if there's
like one weird inmate never comes out of
the cell he's got a detailed face I can
only assume this is aid one of the
developers I don't know
but who the fuck is this
and Jack if you're looking at the chat
if you could tell me I'm looking at it
now is that supposed to be Syd I don't
know why I'm suing it is he's the only
person in the game that looks like that
isn't that so is that a Batman character
is that a developer or what sure yeah he
looks it's Mike's a classic maybe okay
god what a terrible price gave me this
weird guy in a loony bin who grunts OH
can I not automatically hate our tea
party bullshit I I in fact I appreciate
our tea party bullshit if that makes any
sense like I would rather have someone
it's all about presentation right good
because everything is already party
bullshit when you're trying to use
metaphor and and all that malarkey it's
already party bullshit but it's all
about presentation and there are there
are some arty-farty bullshit's that
don't do enough to hide the arty-farty
then I feel like gets on my nerves I
don't know if that makes any sense
sure like for example I'm really
conflicted about this whole this the
Shia LaBeouf music video for SIA very
conflicted about it have you seen it
oh my god rich its Shia LaBeouf and a 12
year old girl doing an interpretive
dance it's beautiful okay it's the mo
it's the dumbest thing you've ever seen
Shia has lost his mind
yep Chyna's lost his mind and it's a 12
year old girl and they're both wearing
like skin tone like dirtied outfits and
crawling around a cage doing
interpretive dance it's beautiful and
it's beautiful because like they commit
to it there's not a hint of cynicism in
it for them like they really believe
that they are expressing something
through dance
and I appreciate that and at the same
time it's ridiculous it's basically what
I'm saying is it's complicated I'm gonna
have to start paying attention to the
game here buddy okay you pay biggest
fight not the one I'm thinking of still
a fight okay can I give any examples of
where I disagreed with Mike and Jay on
the half and the bag sure sure I'm sure
I'm sure there's been a couple like for
example I oh you know they had a lot of
bad things to say about the end half of
the first Captain America movie yeah it
was kind of bland I don't you know if I
was with them on that episode but if I
wasn't I agree with them
no and I disagree I think I think it
kind of ramped up nicely and I really I
liked I liked every bit of Captain
America except for it was there was a
big technical error in explaining why he
had to crash the plane but besides that
I thought it was I thought it was fine I
thought I really enjoyed the first
Captain America Captain America movie
and so that was you know that's a simple
it's a stupid simple example but I know
I mean we all agree that the first half
of the Captain America movie is
brilliant it was good I don't know as
far as billion C brilliant might be
hyperbole buddy because it takes place
in the same era and it has the same
director I can't help but thinking that
The Rocketeer is so much better at at
being a 1940's superhero movie you know
The Rocketeer is amazing The Rocketeer
is one of the most underappreciated
movies of all time super movies I agree
I agree with that statement but also The
Rocketeer has not
aged well I've seen it somewhat recently
I disagree and what I have also seen it
someone recently every bit of rocket in
that movie is that all that matters you
not the characterization the the
villains the the details that make
movies good you'd be worried about the
action disclosures
I am I am their disappoint Jack Richard
Evans in an action movie you needs
there's there's fine action in that
movie it's a little cheesy man there's
one point when he puts on that rocket at
the end he flies up to the blimp and
that was great people are saluting him
and he's fighting that Frankenstein
monster and he flies kind of around and
under the blimp and knocks him from you
that's great
dumped what if you're dumb for thinking
otherwise what about the section when
he's in the restaurant and rocketing
around on the food trolleys yeah that
wasn't that's great but you're judging
was moving on it's action scenes why
because it's a fucking action movie it's
it's a superhero movie with good
characters good patinas good villains
rich I am with you I'm bad by the way
good movie good characters great setting
great styles everything the great art
design I have and you don't like that
you don't like the middle of the movie
action scene that's your complaint so
the movies bad you're being as bad as
our fans here and picking one little
thing I say negative about it and
assuming that I hate the whole movie I
love The Rocketeer it's a great movie I
have one little nitpicky bad thing to
say about it and that's something that
they did right in the Captain America
movies where I think they did the
characterization well they did the
setting well I think they did all of the
storytelling well and they had good
action I'm so upset at you right now I
just electrocuted myself
I just I just got electrocuted I'm so
upset I forgot to do something important
I think you're crazy I think you are
equally as I think you are more crazy
The Rocketeer is a great movie no yes
marketer is great boy The Rocketeer is a
great movie Captain America is not
Captain America is a very good movie
no I here's here's what I'm saying The
Rocketeer on many levels is a better
movie than Captain America Captain
America is an entertaining first half of
movie and then a bla you directionless
second half with a random fighting Nazi
scenes the fights the bad guy in a plane
that's the ending we're gonna punch each
other now no matter terrible second half
terrible you're crazy it's it's a it's a
nice ramp up the whole thing works his
transformation from skinny kid to want
to be hero that were yeah that worked
fine a halfway through the film and then
after that they don't know what to do
but then there's another there's another
transition there's the secondary like
like you know a starry-eyed started a
hero to actual hero transition that I
think they handled the the only
transition that happened that ended at
the first half then he became a hero and
then the movie didn't know what to do
see this again this is something where I
disagree with they he started up when
when he started being a hero he was
naive
he was underprepared and then as the
movie goes on along he becomes he
becomes a wannabe hero into the actual
hero now well I got nice technical there
was a huge technical mishap with the
actual final heroic sacrifice which is
they did not correctly explain why he
needed to crash the plane that was never
explained that was supposed to be the
big defining it final moment
but what is wrong with you what is wrong
with you what is wrong with you what
what are you talking about you're
condemning the Rocketeer based on
technical nitpicks and I want you to
choose your words correctly condemning
ah is not anything I think I've said it
was great I think I've said you're
ignoring large structural weaknesses in
Captain America but you're complaining
about the small technical nitpick I am
you're you're missing the larger picture
Jack I am technically nitpicking both is
what I'm doing and you could see the
force if only it weren't for all those
trees Jack it's true so that by the way
there was an example I okay you know
what that apparently Mike J I am sick of
this conversation so you're right I
agree with everything you just said you
were absolutely right yeah
I said The Rocketeer up well I said
aspects of The Rocketeer doesn't hold up
I don't know if I if I if I said that
The Rocketeer doesn't hold up that was a
misspeak aspects of The Rocketeer don't
hold up namely the action sequences
that's this is what
I did you're okay you're right I
apparently I I misspoke and I started
off with a far too extreme statement the
action sequences in The Rocketeer do not
hold up everything else about the right
here is great but Captain America is a
good movie just don't talk to me talk to
them not me I am talking to oh god oh
god
yeah I'm sorry I'm I got 24 seconds here
okay no Chad and it's not just that the
effects don't go
it's that the way in which he chose to
film news effects are so drastically
different than how we do it nowadays
which you know was the smart way to do
it then that's what kind of breaks his
dog butter the jack like the red
skeleton standard Captain America is a
very standard movie listen no it's great
movie I've ever seen
god I hate that you know what I hate I
hate The Rocketeer though I am gonna
hurt you the next time
racketeering I mean that middle action
sequence was go God it wasn't he didn't
blow enough things up
he wasn't flying enough yeah no terrible
movie arm and you're gonna have a big
bruise on your arm and then when we do
the next episode when we film the next
episode I'm gonna make you wear a
sleeveless shirt to show off that bruise
on your arm like Captain America that
that sure was great when he punched the
Red Skelton at the end that was great
he didn't even punch him at the end by
the way Red Skelton got sucked up
through the vortex he didn't even he
didn't even punch it might be no no so
what else is going on what's no way I'm
trying to think of other movies in which
I have drastically disagreed with Mike
and Jay on
I mean like I said we agree most of the
time and then the other part is I don't
watch episodes if it's a movie I haven't
seen just because I would like to see it
there was one movie I remember in
particular that I viscerally hated and I
think Jane really liked it
forget what that was here's the thing
guardians of the galaxy wouldn't say
visceral hate but oh yeah well Jay loves
guardians of the galaxy it was fine it's
fine but it's not everything it's been
hyped up debate this is the thing
Jay Jay has a love affair with guardians
of the galaxy that I think is unhealthy
oh that's right because we all saw that
together we saw guardians together and
you and I came out feeling the exact
same way which is like it's all right
yeah no my problem could be I'm a fan of
Farscape and and guardians of the galaxy
is just like a shallower version of
Farscape yes people are telling me to
update the stream name I am now oh thank
you jack
stream updated it is now a no Mike thing
it's it's a it was my thing no guardians
was a super fun movie it was very
entertaining and it was fine it was
perfectly acceptable and fine and but
I've even rented it and watched it again
that's how enjoyable was which you know
that says a lot for me because I don't
have a lot of time to watch movies and
you know I'm a cheapskate and so
actually renting one means that I
enjoyed it but I want to say we kept
describing it as a movie with a ton of
pay off with no setup yeah it was it was
an end it was a movie that was so
chocked full of tell don't show that it
hurt
of everything instead of instead of
showing character development a
character every character had their
little monologue and now it is time to
explain my heartbreaking backstory like
every character and it's just like we
don't need it I'm glad the head backstop
oh sure sure
but you know the example that I keep
pointing to when I have this
conversation with people is rocket right
obviously rocket is talking there is one
scene where he's changing in the in the
prison and we see all of like the
medical implants and all of these yeah
and it's great in like you can see like
he's like putting on a shirt he's a
little in pain while he does it and that
is showing we see that and we
immediately understand why rocket is the
person he is right but then later rocket
has his little soliloquy I didn't ask to
be tested on table but you know like his
whole thing right and that is
unnecessary we don't need that because
you've already shown it to us well in
general I think we share an opinion on
the movie I do like that same little
rocket that when he when it kind of
breaks down sorry
no and that's but it's fine I just I
think and by the way it's a good scene I
think it's unnecessary
okay where like he could have broken
down and had a dramatic scene without
that dramatic scene involving his
backstory you know where it's and it's
this is what syndicate this is the
example of my problem with all of the
characters they all have their little it
is now time for my backstory and well in
it doesn't matter it's a good movie one
thing I'll criticize yeah relatively
minor thing in the grand scheme of
things yeah um near the end one like the
big fight with nebula is gonna happen
nebula and Gamora you know they they
walk into the ship and they exchanged
words yeah and then when Drax just
shoots her yes that was the best thing
ever and they should have
did at that nebulus should not have
appeared in the movie again after that
because that was perfect cuz once once
she they cut back to it later and
nebulas fight with gamma organic how
that ruined that joke
absolutely that's one that's a minor
criticism but that that bugged the hell
out of me alright big fight Oh big big
fight then you know and I'll just yeah
you give her I agree with you and and
that was my big problem two movies there
were a ton of little moments like that
that kept not ruining it for it but just
like arcing me a little bit like that's
I think that's is a fair example I just
knock some guy off a building
congratulations but he's not dead there
was the whole woe of course he's not
that no he's just unconscious
there was the scene where where the star
war dand rocket were in those mining
things and star-lord is just like like
let's fight these guys with the mining
things and rockets like what are you
talking about we're in mining things and
Star Wars like these are bulletproof do
you get it and you know it was just one
of those things worth that's that's
another situation where the mining ships
it could have been showed to us that
they were bulletproof maybe in like an
earlier scene like in that opening
swooping into the hull ceedric
we could have seemed that the mining
ships were impervious to damage and that
would have been the setup to the later
payoff of them using the mining ships to
battle okay oh my god are you okay yeah
oh my god and you know watching the
movie there's there's just a ton
of little moments that that all had up
to it's still being a very entertaining
movie and still a very good movie but
just Jay's love of James Gunn and his
humor but that's fine that's Jays
personal oh did you dick punch someone
that's great
that means always stick punching people
- yes that's what he does no but yeah
the entire like mining pod sequence it
was a it was a fun action sequence but
but that's the example of what I was
talking about earlier with like that was
a payoff that had no setup and so it
felt like a cheap payoff they could have
said something about those
indestructible pods earlier that's
Albany didn't even say something earlier
in the movie and I'd have been happy of
course I'm 100% 100% like and then we
wouldn't have the clunky exposition
during the battle scene we would already
know what's going on which would make
the battle scene a little smoother the
the entirety of his relationship with
dr. steve brule kind of comes out of
nowhere like we get that we get the one
line when he's arrested and and steve
brule is like is like oh I've busted
star-lord before and star-lord is like
yeah and then suddenly two hours later
at the end of the movie star Lord is
calling his personal phone and it's like
clunky setup but no no that's not clunky
that's a week that is a week set up one
where he's like oh I know this guy's
like you busted him once there's no
relationship there except for this one
tiny weak set up you know
that's no those are some examples still
a fine fine movie a fine movie handle
you know they're a great addition to the
Marvel Cinematic Universe because it is
a little different
stylistically which is nice she could
fit through the bars like yeah maybe she
could fit through the bars why didn't
you like Papa home tap I you know what I
I didn't get through Papa hotels been
did you ever see go boho temperature
heard about it no never seen it yeah and
I have I have a soft spot for Bruce
Campbell I think I saw the first five
minutes and turned it off I don't I
remember nothing about those five
minutes I just didn't think it was for
me and I have not given it a proper
chance Jaclyn is there anybody who
doesn't have a soft pod soft spot for
Bruce Gander I could see the younger
generation not knowing who he is and not
having a soft spot for him
anybody who's seen Evil Dead 2 has a
soft spot for this campus that is true
that is 100% true the the the Marvel
Cinematic Universe needs to go away that
it's there they're the ones that that
are making over here don't run it into
the ground with time don't worry
100% they will 100% I think the death
toll was when they came out with like
the list of 25 movies over the next five
years
that's really all right all right yeah I
I have not seen my name is Bruce but I
have read if Chin's could kill and that
is a flippin great autobiography if
Chin's could kill the Bruce Campbell
autobiography is a super great read if
you are at all interested
early sam raimi bruce campbell like that
hole the evil dead lore like you read
yourself if Chin's could kill that's a
great know i don't know that i need to
read it it sounds like they have the
same back stories Mike and me yes very
similar no but you know talks about like
him growing beyond the Sam Raimi shadow
and like making it as his own like
universe yeah I mean he he was never a
star he's always been a cult hit and
he's always been a cult hit because of
Evil Dead 2 and Sam Raimi like he's
never been a star but he has always
managed to be this like working BC great
actor because of Sam Raimi and Evil Dead
2 but he's got to work without Sam Raimi
sure without that though he's nobody
without without that he's nobody I don't
know I don't know that I can agree that
he ever got out of these shadows of Sam
Raimi well he got out of the shadow of
Sam Raimi because we're talking about
Bruce Campbell like we're talking about
Bruce Campbell because he was an evil
dead too but not because he was in Bubba
hotep
but he had I believe he has hit his own
thing where it's like I will who cares
about like why he's there we're talking
about him now you know rich to lot hold
on I'm gonna turn my son down yeah they
keep saying I'm a little too quiet I I'm
also kind of like I have Jack cranked
all the way up if you can't hear jack
there's nothing I can do about it no and
also I think it's my fault I keep kind
of slowly like twisting my chair away
from my microphone so I apologize I will
keep my myface firmly planted in front
of this microphone so if you hear all my
s's and peas you're gonna hear him great
yeah like Bruce Campbell has his own
thing now he is his own brand sure
because of Evil Dead but he kept going
post sam raimi you know he kept the
momentum up these small short momentum
but he kept it up well rich Evans ever
get out of max two classes shadow
probably not I'm nothing without our own
I'm what I've never made any claims
otherwise I'm just some schmuck who's
goofy on camera
mhm and I'm okay with that I work with
my friends so you know things could be a
lot worse but here's the important thing
rich easy you keep doing it up it's it's
not it's there's no reluctance there you
keep choosing to do it that's your
choice to write stories Mike okay great
you're getting is nothing without rich
that's true you seem like you're getting
quieter to me I think I was talking cry
house this is this normal volume I think
I was mumbling there for a second it's
been a long day I could also hang up and
try calling again if it's maybe maybe
it's just just setting I've got on my
little headset well that could be
because I just turned you up and not you
some fine
oh great everything's fine everything's
fine all the time rich yeah anything is
possible no it's true anything's
possible it's not probable but it's
possible that's that's that's
theoretical physics right there dog all
those Riddler shit
and let's see if Riddler shed yeah we're
gonna we're gonna do something special
with the our love is and love song the
song from feeding frenzy that I made Jay
and I will figure out something special
to do some time listen we'll do it some
time we'll do it some time we need like
a music video or something we sing it I
don't know
my love is hard
your love is lovely my love is hot your
love is lovely and I love you my love is
my love is cool your love is lovely and
I love you I'm a greatness I can't hit
the high notes right now it's been too
long today
Jack I wanted you to full time that
entire video away from this chat history
it's too bad this is all I doing okay I
could be tap-dancing if you think that
would make it better
that song is great I feel perfect for
what was needed yes agreed
yeah well release that and we'll
officially release the crack of a brand
song I don't know why whoever wrote the
crocodile brain song you should just
release it
he gave me a copy he emailed me a copy
but it's just like you can just release
that into a world that's fine Jack tell
us stories of being drunk in college
they're not very funny because I didn't
do much you don't remember many of them
you were drunk in college also like I
didn't get drunk in college like a lot
was kind of my pothead year so I I got
high a lot and then when I got higher
didn't do anything except for playing
Mario Kart and Metal Gear Solid that's
why I'm a very boring person in general
let's see here so I'm sorry and yeah do
the auto-tune yeah oh by the way our
love is and love is a heavily auto-tuned
so what yeah it's true it's 100% true
when am I gonna play another text
adventure game soon well you do texture
you gonna do a graphical one or what do
you wanna do well the next one we're
gonna move together I thought was
leached Larry - oh wow there was four
glorious fun game it's a good it's one
of the better adventure games okay okay
listen I'm okay doing point-and-click
text adventures I'm okay with any of
that okay I like it
gobbledygook that's a weird question
that's a question what is the worst
thing you've ever done to hurt another
person I deliberately deliberately
that's oh that's a weird question um you
know you know what I've probably done is
not return for messages how awful the
person I am but I I feel like that is
the worst thing like if I send an email
to someone with like you know replies
with like a question and they don't
answer me I think that's the worst thing
in the world
no I Oh it bugs the ever living shit out
of me
if I email or message someone with a
question and they do not respond to me
and so I do make it a point to try to
respond to everyone who contacts me
obviously I can't do everyone you know
some some people I miss but I do really
try but probably the worst thing I've
done is like purposefully not
replied to someone which is not I mean
like I said I'm a very boring person
Jack danger Packard exactly which is why
we're coming up on two weeks now since
the lovely people over at nycos Games
have not responded to me about my
playstation 4 Vida cross save Isaac who
troubles oh and there they're about like
I'm getting more upset by the fact that
they have not responded to me than the
fact that I lost my game save because
like out like my questions are just like
have you heard of this before is there
anything I can do to make this not
happen again do I just need to play
three separate games is this a feature I
can't use like I'm asking them just
general questions and they have not
responded to me over Twitter or email
and it's getting to the point where it
is eating me up inside the cloud listen
I know far is the worst thing you've
done to anybody
yeah I don't know this quite and the
spirit of the question the back and back
in high school there was this really fat
kid like a high school kid he probably
literally weighed 300 pounds mmm big big
man very large man none of it was muscle
hmm but it's one day during lunch he had
taken somebody's book their school book
and he was like you know holding it over
his head he was he's playing keep-away
with the book okay and I was watching
that I was kind of little annoyed by it
and then I was hehehe actually he got up
he stood up and he was putting the book
under his butt he was gonna sit on this
kids book hmm and I went behind him as
he was sitting down I yanked the chair
off from under me mmm
fell down the middle of the school
cafeteria everybody laughing at him
probably the worst thing I've ever done
to somebody but then again he was gonna
sit on some kids book so right
right right I'm seeing now someone
someone has sent saying that they sent
me a game on GOG and I have not
responded to them and I'm so sorry okay
KJ tb8 I will look back in my emails did
you email it to me I would look back in
my emails it happened sometimes I go on
email deleting binges and I apologize
profusely and yeah also it's it's a
weird thing because like it's a tricky
subject cuz like some people will just
send me like an email saying like oh I
really enjoy your stuff I'm a big fan of
rlm thanks so much right and it's like
what is my response to that where it's
like am I like where they don't ask a
question they just like send me an email
like should I respond to that with like
a I try to do like just say oh thanks
for watching but it's like sometimes I
will get a message that I don't feel
needs a response and I so I'm sure that
I have also sent messages that I felt
deserves a response that other people
felt didn't so I understand it's a gray
area it's a gray area this is very
important to people this is this is my
only that's my that's my only real tic
and so yeah like it's very British
people are saying the chat it's very
it's a very British thing of me so like
I'm not going to respond to your email
so I apologize if if I've missed anyone
who has sent me a message I thoroughly
do apologize I have not done that to
anyone like in the twitch chat I do this
to me you know sometimes like the people
I know but I've not done this anyone
here in the third shatter in any rlm fam
I usually I will just tell you why I'm
not responding to you if I'm not
responding to you but in any case Jack
cold-shoulder Packard 100% silent
treatment factor I am a good into issues
people are saying those are the worst
things you've done to people you're
practically a goody two-shoes yeah you
know I'm definitely a goody two-shoes
you are someone was asking on Twitter
lately they said it would be really
funny if you got all jacked up on
caffeine for one of the streams and I
was like rich doesn't drink coffee and
he doesn't drink energy drinks so I just
really doubt that's gonna happen I've
never I don't think caffeine has ever
had an especially strong effect on me
well you know you haven't had I mean
were you ever a coffee drinker or
anything no no no you know this is this
is the thing is you've never had a good
caffeine dose and that's fine don't get
into it cuz it's the it's the worst best
drug it's a drug that is not that bad
for you so you feel like you can do it
all the time you know I I mean I'm sure
I've been a dick to some people because
I'm an opinionated person but I don't
know if that's the meanest thing in the
world people are dicks sometimes what's
your name
Blake Slifkin I'm paying attention to
you
that's all they wanted huh
they just said Jack pay attention to me
that's done you got it you wasted it on
pay attention next I'm taking any shit
today Jack I've had a long day we've had
a long day long traveling day
Minneapolis is not very far away but you
know it's a six-hour it's a six-hour
trek that's a lot of time with a car
Jack please what what do you want the
worst thing Jack did was knock over the
we all the worst that was pretty bad
that was preserved
no that was deserved and very funny so
I'm okay with it I had to repair it Jack
yeah
you just hurt me the wheel doesn't feel
pain I do you know you know what I
thought about doing cuz I wasn't sure
what to play tonight I thought about
taking the wheel of the worst and just
taping game names on it yeah we made a
camera for that to really work well a
Michelle is asking if we are planning
another board game stream I'm not
planning one I do want to do another one
as I've been playing more of this
betrayal betrayal on the house betrayal
of house on the hill I don't know if
I've told you did you play that one with
us no oh my god it's the greatest it's a
super fun it's a roguelike board game
it's great okay and I really want to
play a fun game was that the
Lovecraftian kind of one there's
anything as a mouse not Lovecraftian
it's you know it's it's it has a ton of
horror imagery and it's it's one where
you have to lay out the room tiles as
you explore the mansion and so it's a
different layout
every time okay all items are randomized
all characters are randomized and then
what the fuck can she keep thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it we
absolutely appreciate it and then what
happens is there's something called the
haunt and when the haunt happens it
turns from an exploration game into the
actual game and there are 50 different
scenarios there are two booklets
detailing 50 different scenarios that
could randomly happen and so every time
you play the game it's a little bit
different it's really great it's and
we've been having a lot of fun playing
that yeah so I would definitely like to
stream that but you know no super plans
we don't plan well good look at those
tears that is clearly some kind of
fabric he's wearing a thicker fabric but
it's still fabric and it's not like
bolted together motorized armor Ironman
plating yes he is not Iron Man he's not
wearing armor depending it like they're
probably well the definition of armor is
something that protects your body I got
I got an intense concentrator okay this
is serious business do it do it do it
I got caught I'm gonna die I'm gonna die
I said I was gonna use gargles but this
is life or death its death
it's death I died well that was my no
death run yeah that's all right
how far did you make it chef okay that's
pretty good
oh and all the only Batman we're wearing
armor plating you were not using
gargoyles no oh my god just just at the
end there nice nice what to do now was
the question
listen I mean if you're doing a no
different we can call it and I think I
mean obviously you've been streaming
forever we get we can call this game
we've only you know been talking for a
couple hours if that naive of that power
we mean that we've been talking for
about an hour and a half yeah yeah yeah
I might take a break okay Sam is done
okay that's okay take a break I'll
refill my beverage and we can come back
and do something else people on the
chance screaming yes really yes one I
thought you guys were my friends oh
please kill people want you to keep
playing well that no it's a no different
we've played a whole lot of Arkham
Asylum hmm arguably too much so I'm
gonna take a break and then we'll find
some else to do I'm not sure what yet
okay all right hey Rick I'm pausing the
the stream it's called a stream right
this dream yeah then just make sure that
you mute yourself and the other to mute
me I'll still just hear me talking

[Part III]
yes and we are unmuted is the hearing
happening the hearing previously
recorded live the rehearing inator
earning previously recorded live my
songs on nature alright good good good
are we
audio levels everyone heard properly
eject oh yeah now audio leveling I have
changed this stream title oh no I
haven't I thought I did I will change
the stream title but we're still vs
Zombies Arkham Asylum plants vs. zombies
great perfect games also loud just turn
the game stone down in the game in the
game dude oh absolutely
what are they saying about the audio do
we still need adjusting oh it's a zombie
to that but I think I can adjust that um
I am do I get your to up okay that's
what they're saying there so I'm gonna
turn you down terribly don't worry buddy
I'm gonna talk you know and talk about
know John Kela says it sounds good I'm
gonna talk about what I'm drinking now
something I'm very excited about okay I
found this in Minnesota it's a Cindy
iego brewery ballast point sculpin India
Pale Ale this is a beautiful India Pale
Ale it's it's very light little citrusy
very refreshing sculpin from ballast
point Brewing Company all right
Minnesota find people are saying perfect
people are saying I'm loud people are
saying you're loud I don't know what
right I don't know what is what fucking
fuck we're playing this game are we
playing Richard plants versus a visa
they said why didn't you change the
story I did change the tribute all right
everything's changed sculpin when John
kilo speaks I listen it's true I listen
to the moderators that's what they're
there for
I just took my shoes off to get more
comfy in my feet really smell right now
can I tell you how glad I am that I'm
not there they I mean my I can't believe
my feet smell as bad as they do it's
kind of amazing is it amazing just cuz
like you haven't like done anything that
physical today and Jack what about a
prereq of wursts prereq of the worst
special episode four subscribers only
what does that know what that work if
you have you apparently have this whole
idea thought out and and I don't
understand it what's the pitch that that
somehow we stream only two subscribers I
don't think we could do that I don't
think we can and Rich's on the fence of
whether or not he wants to so I don't
know I mean that's not a good way to get
new subscribers if nobody can hear
you're thin to begin with right
I like I do like the idea of a prereq of
the worst where we we take a day and
just kind of randomize the the bad games
we're playing I think that's very funny
like a mixed bag some games good some
games bad my family's here half an hour
each something like something like that
and then we spin again for a different
game oh sure yeah we can we can hook up
the camera so you can see the spin live
yeah I think that's fun yeah I like it
but I don't know he says not streaming
an actual episode with the wheel of the
worst with bad video games um I mean
maybe that's maybe I guess is the answer
to that we will think about that we will
think about that oh during when you were
when you turned off the stream someone
someone asked a question that I wanted
to answer with my mouth instead of my
typing okay which is I have in the past
criticized both Guillermo del Toro and
Bryan Singer for not being able to
direct action yeah citing stuff like the
first x-men movie or the first Hellboy
movie I did not oh my god oh Jays in the
chat hi JJ welcome to the chat the fuck
are you doing here are you crying about
your Packers right because they lost
they lost they were up at the half - Jay
what happened I mean you got the Packers
they had the the world just in the palm
of their hand there at the half they're
up like 16 or 19 dead what was it how
many plants to see how they were up
seven they were all that mean no points
that no points that have to the fourth
quarter inch they were up at the fourth
quarter
Oh God by how much by a lot
yes the Seahawks had zero points in the
fourth quarter oh my god really yes yes
oh yes Wow oh those Packers they just
they just show didn't they I think the
exact same thing happened last year they
fucking joke
what are they the cops I mean they're
not that bad
Oh oh good he's gonna he's gonna vlog
about it tomorrow that's a great day
those blogs are great you keep doing
those vlogs Jay we love them we love we
were talking about that or didn't love
we loved hearing just your your personal
opinions up so keep them up we really
appreciate your vlogs almost they
talking about them we're talking about
how the Packers just kind of like choked
I wasn't watching the game but I was
keeping up with it on my phone because I
have a few projects that directly relate
to whether or not the Packers won or
lost and you know for a while I was just
like oh I guess Packers are gonna win
this game like oh we're in the third
quarter Packers are you know our winning
handily oh wait
Seahawks score that's weird well Packers
are still wait Seahawks courting oh no I
can't wait to go home and read about
this yeah how was that it was that the
end of your story but you said you can't
you said you came home and read about it
no I can't wait to to read about the
loss the game oh sure it's here oh sorry
I oh oh did you he fucked up in minutes
versus zombies it didn't break my game
I'm still playing
okay that's great
the world still turns though it does
turn turn turn
oh thank you John Kela I was I was
talking about why I dislike Bryan Singer
and get more del Toro's action sequences
and Hellboy and x-men it's because
they're slow and clunky and didn't have
the budget for nice effects it's
basically it is they in in a good action
sequence I feel like it needs to have an
appropriate pace and all of the action
sequences in the first x-men movie and
the Hellboy movie felt as if they were
punching through molasses and I think
the real problem was in the editing like
it took Hellboy five years to swing that
big fist and it looked really cool but
the pacing was off and so I don't
believe they can so maybe the problem
was in editing but I'm gonna blame the
director I think is why not you too slow
too clunky
I can't every right to do this it's true
I might be wrong I might be wrong no the
hell the Hellboy subway fight was not
great that was I was embarrassing they
did the thing where Hellboy gets pushed
back and he tries to grab onto the floor
and it shatters all around them and it
looks awful
I hated that I really hated that oh good
we're back to 666 viewers a little from
from what did we have a dip no I don't
know no oh I think we had a boost 365 we
need one more
oh oh oh no come on we're at 667 now
and then we have one too many it's true
no no by the way Jack does not think
he's a better director than a moral he
knows it
I do go but he knows it right right and
yes this is a no death run for rich I
never made that claim no I just thought
it was funny what was the death I wasn't
watching I still think he got spotted
and then everybody shot at me because I
didn't have any of the other guards
neutralized Jenna
sure so it wasn't even am those death I
got spot sure but it wasn't like a boss
fight or anything no challenging section
I thought I was safe safe hanging over
the ledge but apparently he saw me
anyway no Jack you said you hated Days
of Future past why because because it
was a dumb movie if I were to go into
specifics why she's she oh she's a
hardcore x-men fan and she agreed with
me on my hate of that movie it's just it
didn't make a lot of sense it was a lot
of it was a lot of plot for convenience
you know the whole Charles not wanting
to use his power anymore and the look
like if someone could explain to me what
purpose Quicksilver served in that movie
I think that would be great he was the
Quicksilver exactly it was the dumbest
no Envy on what first class that I see
someone in the chat saying there was one
good x-men movie I said that is first
class and first class is okay that is an
OK emotion what oh my god I'm sorry I'm
so sorry
what's your problems zombies zombies are
my problem I'm so wrong about these a
few fast I'm not wrong about this
diffuser bad it's a bad movie J so by
the way there's another example of
movies I disagree with with change these
future prices of dumb movie fuck first
fucking level how do they fucking do
that shit oh god damn it
kid damn it I'm sorry I I lack first one
in the chat I apologize I do lack the
mental fortitude to properly articulate
why it is that I dislike Days of Future
past at the moment are you gonna die I
have to fight I have to fight Jay next
time I see him are you oh did you try
plugging in the computer today rich what
are you still going through Wi-Fi oh I'm
still going through Wi-Fi I forgot about
that actually no problems at all today
okay cuz we're getting something okay oh
well right now we're getting we're
getting some drops and legs not a big
deal oh do I get an instant ban for all
caps Jay and I are gonna have a
conversation about x-men Days of Future
past next time I see him Jay does have
the gun no Jay will win in a fight I'm a
very weak man dumb movie Jennifer
Lawrence is not acting in it
characters show up for no reason
stumble I really disliked it rich what's
going on with you what do you think
should be okay I didn't know if there
was my play oh you just said you just
weren't you weren't talking I'm just
sitting thinking on that that was awful
that was I ain't hurt myself like plants
vs. zombies for frying object plants vs.
zombies how does how does a man do that
and still feel like a man I don't know I
don't know I'm sorry I apologize I
apologize no oh no by the way when I say
I'm gonna fight ji what I mean is we're
gonna have a conversation and J will
bring up why he thinks he why he thinks
the movies good I'm gonna bring up why I
think the movies bad and that's gonna be
the end of it it's gonna be he's gonna
be he's gonna that
Jennifer Lawrence does not look forward
in every publicity shot from that movie
no no Jennifer Lawrence is bored in that
movie Jennifer the the and I think we've
talked about this on strat on chat
before the movies reliance on mystique
as a main villain baffles me she's not
an interesting character and I shoehorn
her in to all of these situations and
Jennifer learns because she's not an
interesting character I don't she's she
she's like a she's a low-level fug in
the books and you know they turn her
into into this big deal you know because
it's a naked painted lady in the movies
and that's easily sellable I suppose it
was I mean there's a lot of little
things with the movie it's been a while
since I've seen it and I've been
drinking so I cannot properly articulate
why it is that I hated it but I just
remembered really not liking it
a lot of convenience a lot of math jack
please please wat go away from rec style
fight what yeah whatever
controversy I should not have clicked on
that now it's not anything no no it's
alright Jay and I have disagreements it
happens
oh right this stream is lagging really
yeah really bad should have plugged it
in yeah you should have plugged it in
I could I could stop you really do that
now I mean I don't know you don't even
need to stop the stream you just plug it
in it's it's plugged into the computer
right now
is it plugged with the food or the
computers no I guess that's not why all
right okay Richard's gonna figure it out
Jack were you drinking when you saw Days
of Future past no I was not
or maybe I was I don't know I don't care
it was a bad movie yeah yeah I agree
Lisa just gave us a thumbs down because
she overheard me talking about Days of
Future past this dumb movie and Jay
that's fine if you liked it I mean we
can't be friends anymore but that's you
know that's fine you're not invited over
anymore what
rich is looking into the internet
situation which is why the internet is
frozen but he's fixing it he's
attempting to fix it right now J you're
gonna get banned for using all caps work
on it so hopefully he's working at it
talk about the farm nah man talk about
the phone
thank you a few people who agree with me
what's my favorite dinosaur I think
you're crazy
there's my favorite dinosaur I think
he's fixing it like we can kind of if
you listen closely you can hear him move
J you go ahead and vlog about my crappy
attitude I have it I've been traveling
all day and drinking
well it's I'm not ready for your
shenanigans bombing Days of Future past
Shamu move rich okay so now did you redo
your internet settings or do you think
your computer will automatically
recognize you keeping that cable I don't
know look into the men look into it you
did it you can't go half you can't go
half ass someone link to Jay's vlog it's
great don't dodge your question jack
what doctor what question rusty what'd
he tell you about my favorite porno
actress the one that has the sex that's
my favorite porno actress
oh is it terrible

[Part IV]
that's weird that we go offline no I
hear an echo of me now does that help no
that doesn't help at all did we go on
the one
oh no Jays using his hacking abilities
to kill a stream why would he do that I
know he said he's gonna use his hacking
abilities to fix this I know he's
probably mad that the Packers
embarrassed themselves in the first
fourth quarter of that game there's no
reason to take that out of me Packers
took a shit hmmmm I'm getting a loading
video oh and someone is already telling
if someone who's already saying that I'm
too loud so so I don't know if that
means we're on or if that's just someone
fucking with us you're down that might
be someone fucking with us I don't know
if anyone can hear us I don't know that
open broadcaster like Skype it didn't
have anything to do with that sorry
different when we restarted the stream
the last time so you know yeah well let
me know if they think you're too quiet
loud or what
and we even streaming can people see
things can you see things I can't see
things you can't see Thanks
I cannot see things but my I do it does
say loading video I think I'm gonna set
this thing the way it was set before
because I think this is a mistake what
we just did what this this change this
is this plugging it in and all the shit
we just made it confused and angry Oh
other people are saying they see things
in the Audion the audio is way too
normal and audio levels are acceptable
they're seeing they everyone else is
saying they see it and they hear us to
refresh on my page I'm gonna hit refresh
too and see what's happening oh no wait
there's the live loading video yeah
everything they're saying everything is
fine I don't even get a chat now
i reloaded the page from my god yes
awful everything's terrible is awful
still loading
yeah oj even J's saying he sees it
alright well we're going on then great
on do it
everything's fine everyone else is fine
that's fine by me great Jack you have
more bass in your mix that's just my
natural baritone motherfucker I don't
even know what a baritone Sylas Voland
motherfucking what's the liner it's like
gold this is better makes pussy winners
of pyrite is not right it might not be
real gold you see but it tastes better
with salt and pepper so pyrite is not
white by me it don't get the bitches you
see gold is better makes pussy winner
so pyrite is not right by me soldered
junk of motherfuckin gold motherfucker
no cussing in general I love it so much
I love kissing
I don't know it's too much new see too
much new key is being facetious or not
but he says I wish someone would explain
how these things in the game work what
do sunflowers even do have you played it
even I'm hiding oh yeah I play the game
this is a this is a simple tower defense
yes i G go ahead ready no you go ahead
because you probably explained better
than I explain things thanks mom good
now right now so you you have to set up
your bases and some things give you
resources and some things attack and so
obviously you've seen your P shooting
plants those attacked the zombies and
the sunflowers are resource generating
so they generate sunlight and you have
to use sunlight to spend on upgrades yes
and there's natural sunlight that you
can collect and of course these
sunflowers generates in sunlight gaming
streamers I Oh
Phoenix has a very important question
right yes are there spikes in this game
yes oh my god there are I didn't even
know that yes figure what the call of
the spiked wheat or something like that
oh we go I think that's great beautiful
slugs boy that was my absolutely
favorite part of the Western art music
oh we're gonna shoot each other in the
genitals for an hour you ever get shot
more times than the genitals losses it
was we were in like a nature preserve in
the middle of the boonies when we were
shooting that and laughing so hard it
was raining that was great
it was a great little riff oh my god
we've already answered that why don't
you guys have a page on our LM site
where they're short bios of our line
people because you why do you care about
that
that's a weird thing to care about we're
just you watch your stuff you know who
we are
yeah J I suppose and you know what J
keeps the website up to date J is there
a reason that we don't have BIOS is it
because that's awful because I kind of
think it's awful you want to know more
quickly click what do you mean there's
no a week week you can just talk to us
we talk we talk all the time on are you
evening what more do you need to know
what our favorite dessert is you're
right
that's the CJ had the correct answer
jack because of who cares that's exactly
it
Misner I'm looking at my tricks but
that's a great picture that's a great
picture that's because I was selling
lemonade that's uh no I'm explaining
that my his name explained I was so
mother made in the winter it was great
well what's my favorite dessert rich
what's your favorite dessert cheese
fries
that's not a dessert it is for me what's
your favorite dessert cheese fries
what's your favorite sweet you don't I
got a wicked sweet dude
they had a wicked sweet food for all the
wrong things like I and I love like
cheap desserts like devil stuffed Oreos
it's great
Oh hoes they my jam any hostess cake
isn't damn Oreos love Oreos that's my
go-to cookie what yeah what yeah fucking
crazy no I don't have a sweet tooth
sweet I recently discovered if you take
a double stuffed Oreo and you take off
one of the cookies so it's just cooking
filling and then take a chocolate Oreo
they have new chocolate Oreos and take
off a cookie you can get like a half
double stuff half double-stuffed
chocolate Oreo cookie that is pretty
much the bomb if you say so yes
yes that's exactly that thing you said
Jack when did you pick up the term of
wicked I don't know did I say that
rich do I say wicked I haven't really
noticed if you do okay if I say that I
don't know it's the same people say
wicked right no you don't think not for
probably not for ages thank you
something like an old man when you say I
am an old man I know that but this
doesn't mean just cuz you are one you
can still sound like one loose our patch
gives a great I love sour patch kids
sweetu that confirm for living in 2007
my wicked / wicked yes okay well that's
fine make it awesome
jack is a fan of musicals ah yeah kind
of
I like Disney musicals those are great
look great I like that apparently I'm
rich they're saying that you said
radical dunes at one point yeah but I
was probably being facetious maybe maybe
you you also say get on the trolley yes
can I tell you because I think it's
funny nothing is I think it's a modern
day swing over the weekend ionically
said that get off the truck get on the
trolley now you're on the trolley
okay it's working I forgot what we were
doing with someone like did something
correctly that life you know they
weren't before and I was like now you're
on the trolley and everyone looked at me
like I was incredible yes because like
you put it in my brain 100
I try I once tried to make the word
metal will happen not almost already a
thing no no but I like I would say like
that's so metal yeah like not like you
know I was trying to make metal a thing
and it didn't happen not to be confused
with That's So Raven That's So Raven
would that So Raven was a thing don't be
such a snob and get on the trolley I'm
on the trolley Ford get on the truck
don't worry I am now the conductor of
the trolley forget on the trolley how
you like it plants vs. zombies I mean
it's a fine guy you know any of these
tower defense games are nice they get it
they get old super fast what what I was
originally going to play but I don't
know and I didn't want to dick around
with getting the control setup right
Orcs Must Die and what in the control
it's one of those games that want you to
use a fucking controller and I don't and
I know in order to map the keys the way
I want them cousin let your map keys
don't use a keyboard but it's like a
preset keys you know so in order to play
that game the way I'm uncomfortable I
need to find alter some files and into
this file and change that and above and
beyond because that's just stupid
any any PC game should automatically
have fully configurable controls yeah I
think Chewbacca Sons was named crunchy
right
lumpy lumpy the old one I forget his
name was insufferable asshole won't be
baka
and God oh no and we looked it up the
other day like I'm the Star Wars
Wikipedia page where it's his name is
really like a lump a Watusi or something
yeah yeah man lumpy
French Star Wars yeah get out of here
lump OH lump of wok Ibaka lumpy I am
gonna give them doing at the end of us a
try someone someone gifted me dungeon of
the endless and it looks very fun so I'm
gonna give that a try
so somebody gifted me that - I think
somebody really likes that game and
that's great I'm looking forward to it
it looks like it looks like exactly my
kind of game Wikipedia isn't as an
abomination I believe that I own Oh
someone got a shock huh what did we do
talks about Star Wars oh we did I was
trying not to cuz I want to make it I
want to make it a challenge for him but
they did it oh that's why they someone
in the chat asked what Lumpy's name was
oh no it shouldn't count if the chat
engineers it no there should be no and
void I like that because that means that
they're they're trying to flee have a
question they're just trying to win a
game I like that that's the meta
completely disingenuous
that's the meta game it's awful because
like I'm ruining our stream I've been
seeing everyone like talk about FTL and
I've been purposefully not mentioning
FTL just because I know that's part of
the bingo but then someone's got got me
off guard with lumpy and so that I like
that that means there
playing the game and I like it I enjoy
they played you like a fiddle and you're
glad I ate me like a fiddle because
hopefully they're enjoying themselves
that's why I'm glad about it like a
fiddle Jack like Gucci shit on the
trolley Jack Jack's I feel game
twin-stick roguelike in the art funtime
you know those are fun I also like plant
I like a lot of good I like games in
general no twin sticks are fun Jack we
don't like any time Stefan you pay
attention to previously recorded no no I
never want that Jim it's bullshit we
hate everything that doesn't pixel art
it's true
like Batman Arkham Asylum I hate that
fucking game
right I have to pick things to use why
am I not doing that why am i derelict in
my duty
Jack what do you think about cereal the
breakfast food it's fine I know I want
to talk about it
Oh God I dislike breakfast cereal why
mostly because I don't eat it with milk
I don't pour milk in my cereal well why
don't you pour milk in your cereal I
don't know I've never liked doing it
wrong and you're completing yeah I've
never liked milk in my cereal and then I
don't like I don't know you're let's
catch-22 exactly no I cause then it's
like soup
it's like you're eating you're eating
cold breakfast soup and I don't like it
Oh jack I don't like cereal give me some
give me some toast
give me some scrambled eggs I'll take
that scrambled eggs and toast it's hard
it's hard to screw up cereal though when
you screw up toast it's pretty bad well
then you make more toast
drinking milk is like drinking mucus I
agree Jay I'm not a big fan of milk
anymore
I just don't like it I don't like cereal
I don't understand it I don't I don't
get it eating eggs is like eating
periods well if there were big periods
that you cook up with butter and salt
and pepper then yes eggs are the best
eggs are where it's at I eat three eggs
every day it's great I just don't
understand cereal man don't you
understand about cereal no to comprehend
it's like it's like it's pretty straight
forward do you like eating crunchy sugar
cubes
host in the fact of another animals
mammary glands lead cereal like I get it
that's awesome
fuck was that voice that was frightening
you don't like them okay that is kind of
nice weird guy voice you know that's a
little Lionel from pork pork in space
okay
yeah who's going who is that hey that's
my skype on screen yeah yeah little
Kermit the Frog with more pork pork
Lionel from foreign born I kind of this
is a voice that I have done for a while
and then I heard Lionel do it so I
stopped doing it but did the voice that
are like what sounds like the backwards
voice from Twin Peaks right all of that
I just seen it Air Force one he shelled
clear neck I'll wash it
Lou and that's me just reading the chat
backwards finally I approve of that boys
yeah I think it's a good way see my way
George Lucas is kind of just leftover
beefcake if you made a fuck pot 5000
animated series I would absolutely do
the voices for it do it do it and I'll
do it make it happen I love it
do the backwards voice in your Michael
Caine impression now oh my god I need to
type out what do we do when we fall and
I'll say that backwards as Mike okay
laughs you know heed you do y ou know
you in here maybe like things are not
good things are not happening good it's
true mean mr. mustard
Dankers a little drunk and tired what do
you what do you want me to do I'm good
that's pretty good you're you're a
monkey no what what like a simple one
can you - news
have you ever shotgun to fear no I like
drinking beer
shotgunning shotgunning and like
funneling beer is something that you do
when all they're concerned about is
getting drunk what is shotgunning just
chugging it shotgunning is when you make
a hole in the bottom of the can okay and
put your lips on that hole and then you
open the top creating like an air vacuum
so you can drink the entire can in a
very short amount of time okay and it's
just a thing that people do in order to
drink more faster which is crazy because
it's like you could just have vodka
don't do the same thing you could drink
it at normal you know there there are
certain things people do in order to get
more drunk or drunk faster that I've
never really done because I just you
know I like hanging out drinking
I don't dry I don't drink to get drunk I
drink and get drunk but I don't drink to
get drunk yeah does that make any sense
sure yeah you're right previously
retorted Jack obviously does not party I
don't don't never did
oh this isn't the one I didn't mean that
to demean your your plants vs. zombies
skill gobbledygook says right butt
chugging is the fastest way to get drunk
so you guys should learn how to butt
chug you people and your words that's
that's where you put a funnel into your
anus and pour beer directly into that's
exactly what that sounds like
yes that's what butt chugging is it's a
thing that people actually do rich can
you believe that I I have to believe
you're lying
no no it's a clean people actually help
this poor beer directly into their
deaths that's it that's unpossible it's
not it's it's a thing people do
impossible by chugging Israel
people have died from that shifter thing
or somebody do this because people enjoy
getting drunk and people often but your
pup doesn't get you drunk yeah it gets
you drunk faster really yes because it
it immediately absorbs all the alcohol
all right humanity's humanity isn't lost
cause it's time to abandon the planet
yeah yep all right just goodbye wouldn't
it be great like I suddenly all the
major like scientists in the world meet
for their yearly super scientist
convention like well government
scientists of all fields and studies
welcome here and I'll send someone from
the back like runs up going guys guys
have you heard of butt chugging
and all the scientists watching some
fuck chugging videos and they're like
okay time to go where's that spaceship
guys this is done
Jack tell rich it bypasses your liver
first time through the crocodile airline
brain oh great so so then actually your
your body doesn't filter out most of the
poisons before it reaches your brain
that's great
Oh Jay is saying we shouldn't abandon
humanity because of butt chugging well
do you what do you think I should do
what are our options what's worse than
what chugging that's the question
there's no choice what's worse than
sticking beer up your butt to get drunk
faster that's nice this is the thing I
still don't believe this
you don't think it's me I can't my brain
can't make that leap don't google it
because my guess is you're good you're
gonna get on a list if you google but
joking the government puts you on a list
our options are to not but yeah well
sure we're not butt chuggin but worse
I'm saying what's worse than that as far
as like rational choices that otherwise
decent people would do
obviously there are worse atrocities in
the world other than but chucking butt
butt chugging is a thing then you know
you probably doesn't hurt anyone else
I've pwned
that level oh you know what Richard J
has a really good point what's this
point let the idiots but chug and kill
themselves it's a good thing for
Humanity in the long run okay yeah you
know what Jay you got you got yourself a
real point there I'm gonna be with you
and then I'm so sad my Batman no death
run anymore I'm saying for you yeah cuz
you know what that Batman is that's a
fun game that is it really is I haven't
been able to pull a no death run off of
that game yet you have not no no I've
gotten further than that that was kind
of a letdown now
I'm sorry you don't sound that sorry no
I'm some you some like you could be a
little bit more sorry if maybe you
wanted to but you just not if if I
wasn't that's what it sounds like to me
if I wanted to fake it I could be a
little more sorry like I could pretend
like I'm more sorry that would be nice
okay okay alright ready yeah
you know rich I know you worked really
hard I did so you know like and I've
done that on games - I've worked really
hard and didn't achieve it so yeah no I
really think I think you know next time
you can poke through them really sorry
you didn't make this one though oh baby
Jack you're a good friend you're a good
friend for saying that I appreciate that
I knew you I knew you would keep a
straight face and everything I am gonna
continue my Arkham City run I don't know
if I'm gonna do a nice dream I'm just
gonna keep playing so much right I won't
do it on the stream button Oh give me
some Sun for god sake this is
intolerable
I hate the night levels crocodile brain
it says Jack rich have you gotten my
donation game yeah that's right there's
a third Zack and wiki thing that I just
saw today on the table oh wait oh the a
board game no I haven't seen it on a
table what are you going wrong no
there's a video game of Wii games a
canned wiki or something like that oh my
god sounds great or terrible first time
I saw it was today
No okay I'm just getting set up for this
one okay then the answers may be
Zach and itchy there's a sack and wiki
make a porno game I don't think so
probably not I think that's why probably
Oh mr. OTT you twelve that's a great
name for the stream when we do play
Leisure Suit Larry I'm gonna call it
Larry see Larry I think that's really
funny you do
Larry suit larry yeah I'm also I've been
drinking rich obviously Larry suit larry
is funny you don't think oh I like Larry
- Larry hey Larry - Larry I think
someone can pull it off I don't now
right now lots of things are funny to me
now like but their farts birds are
always funny
Larry suit larry is very Jack asked I
think it's funny how do I know if I
drink too much if you think that Larry
suit larry is funny then you know it's
time to call the college I was drinking
they recently area
I just I'm just that is just the worst
nice for me
I think it's funny lawyer suit larry and
you know that is oh that's what that was
J suggestion he said lawyer suit Larry
and I like Larry zoo Larry
well your suit Larry doesn't even fit
yes right a joke right Larry suit larry
jerry suit bear how about leisure suit
packers flopped in the fourth quarter
oh my name and lost the seahawks there's
no reason to be mean about it it's every
reason to be mean about it you know what
shit I took all fucking year hmm
I used to be nice about these things
like you know respect the fans here
that's fine it's there I'm sure I think
I've been treated like garbage so much
about it yeah yeah I you know you're
your brother and his bear suck Facebook
posts everything yeah no more mr. nice
guy
fuck the Packers I fuck them to death
I'm glad they lost
I hope Aaron Rodgers dies that's listen
I you you this is where you are this is
the state you're in now and there's
nothing that can be done about that and
I'm sorry I'm very sorry but I mean like
also you know my mind my brother is a
big sports fan yeah
I'm sorry that his Facebook post upset
you I can't believe what I'm hearing
what are you hearing about the Bears and
the backers deca
I do Jack has a brother I do you've seen
him I've made videos with them why are
these things shocking to everybody then
we have family is such an amazing
concept was just a lot of people just
have brothers that's the thing that's
normal the fact they the only thing I
cared about the factors is someone sent
me an article that the Packers play
Settlers of Catan during downtime and so
I thought oh that's great but then like
if you think about that it's just like
oh other people enjoy a good game of
course that's just the thing I think
everyone was born out of a tomb right
is that a thing that happened some of
the sang rich Jack J were you bummed
when all those Wisconsin stations were
super cool and clever and banned grunge
music before the big game
really I didn't know that was a thing
and that's down I didn't know that was a
thing and if that was the thing that
would be dumb I'm gonna saying incoming
shock why what's going on I don't know
bashing I'm not even to say it oh sure
no answering that question oh my god you
guys are getting weird with your
questions they want us to say certain
things not because they care we have to
say but just so they can make their
bingo right we can make their bingo go
Shaq mo that's what we've been reduced
to by the way shahe lingo machines I
would go see the band
bingo go Shaq ma if there was if there
was a band coming to town with the name
bingo go Shaq ma I would have 100% goes
through that band having never heard
them before
100% if they're if their name was bingo
go chochmah you have to go see that man
I don't know if you have to do anything
yeah I think no no I guess English ACMA
Mario Mario biscuit is doing great he
was a little upset that we were gone all
weekend but it's good whatever
this gets problem yeah hey
Cinna show don't you see that cynic sign
it you build up whatever it was signing
do show 9 and thank you for subscribing
it's not a sentence innings that one
that was a cynic douche gang is that the
unruly son again it could be Sonic dude
oh nine we appreciated
Cinna douche right it's sanic Duque what
asking me like I'm gonna no no everyone
is giving me their pronounced
presentations then next to K sénèque
Duque sinmec Duque thank you for
subscribing
the next de que je stop it
what's J doing he's trying to help my
pronunciation and it's not helping so
Nick don t i also i 100% apologize
nothing of your name I mean sometimes
reading I'm reading for to show up I
don't see it what
spelled like a C or I'm looking in the
chat to see if they say something I'll
try and sample
yeah that's it's fair it's all there
this is my favorite preacher Ark
salvation Texas because of the meat sex
doll
my favorite Ark is salvation I don't
know that I would say that is the reason
why but salvation is pretty good proud
American I believe that's the name of
the the third art where you first made
the Grail that's pretty good
the one where you meet grandma that's
pretty good basically preacher is a
fantastic series and everybody should
read preacher I'm okay with this you
have to be you don't have a choice I
believe you if I ever get my first
volume back from Jesse I will loan a
preacher I know know what she's saying
I'm gonna read it and then she never
ever does know the next time I see Jesse
I'm just gonna tell her that I need it
for something
okay I'm not gonna say like I'm gonna
read that just oh you know what I need
that book I need to like scan the thing
for like a business thing I can you can
I just have it for a couple days and I
can write back so you can read it and
then I'll just read it
what what are you still playing plants
versus zombies
yeah that's great what does some
necrodancer I mean would you rather I
played necrodancer I don't care oh no no
that wasn't a that wasn't a judgement I
just literally haven't been looking at
this stream I've only been looking at
the chat okay okay and I just glanced
over and you were still playing
vice-versa not me so it was just one of
those like oh okay it's a fine game fine
zombie yes sure sure fine game thank you
I do any more booze if we're gonna go
out for a little bit more I'm gonna get
another beer yeah I've been streaming
for a long time now but most of that I
wasn't talking so sure how much telling
you won't go no you leave whatever you
love you're not a hostage no when can I
leave oh please what can I leave I don't
know no one can leave you how long are
you thinking about are we going till
11:00 at least we didn't start actually
you know streaming it's only 1 9 no we
started a stream that like
look Jack did I lose you
ninja no Jones thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
I think Jack took me seriously and he
left alright that's fine
I I'm here I I went to go get a beer and
then I got a little lost in my kitchen
because I thought I was hungry
really and so I was like well not lost
to me cuz you know it was just like oh
maybe I could get something to eat and I
was like I'm not really hungry I don't
need anything it was two photos just one
of those things I got another beer
no this was so you know what else I
played over the weekend besides betrayal
at house on the hill yeah we played
another Catan just expansion I want to
play that next time I'm coming I'm
coming over we're playing that oh yes
see fairies Expedia yeah oh it's so much
fun cuz I like I like Catan I like it so
much I was actually looking around
online for like an online version there
is I think there is an online version
where there's a mobile version there's
one for your phone but man it's and yeah
this whole like island exploration one
is so fun well so yes next time next
thing we have a game right here we will
play Catana with played betrayal at
house on the hill it'll be great fun
times for everyone wait Jack I have a
problem what's my problem
am I gonna die
Oh rich what that that was a call back
never never gets all never gets old
no but you just keep doing it until it's
till it's fresh again okay okay let get
on the trolley
like Jackie Angie oh yes if people keep
seeing my engineer pixel man from tf2 oh
sorry about that it's fine I don't care
seeing shit jackets that's my personal
shit no that was the first picture I
came across with my personal shit dogs
boobs your ass everyone knows I'm an ass
man here user to 77221 we've had the
Nicki Minaj discussion before for you
Lobo yeah boobs give you too big though
definitely you can get too big if you
had to choose just one oh this is the
quick this is the good oh really oh yeah
we're gonna spend most of your time
looking at now me that's just me people
like different things they're just
trying to break in the showbiz in Asia
we're making plants vs. zombie Ishtar
jokes now that's what the stream is
hello the chat has stooped well it's
either that or talking about other
things that I don't want to talk about
people are asking questions that I don't
want to answer so that's I just said
something sometimes I read the chat and
and it baffles me why but the things you
guys are saying we know the kind of
things they say yeah terrible but it's
not baffling to here yeah losing q77 two
to one we've got it you know what's
going on Nicki Minaj is a glorified
stripper and thing yes
Felicia is cuz then we get to see her to
take our clothes off that's great I
think that's fantastic
apparently though like some people also
listen to her music which is also
babbling oh my god that's a good
question what is evil that one evil bit
to war army of darkness evil that to the
the answer is obviously evil to question
it's a good question because it gets us
talking about the evil lives here okay
the answer is obviously evil but that's
really just weak spot but like once you
find evil that to because usually that's
the first thing that people will see
right yeah and you get you get to go
back and evil that one is so
special if you're a fan of evil did to
evil that one is like oh my god it's
it's because I've heard it's as serious
as straight core movie and I have I have
no interest in that oh you have oh well
no no no but it's like from up from a
filmmaking perspective it's proto Sam
Raimi like you see all of his little
flares but they're not quite there yet
it's awesome I will have to take your
word it's it's really it's really great
like you know you watch you watch a
movie like that or like equally if you
watch El Mariachi which is the movie
that Robert Rodriguez made for desperado
it's like it's these little things that
that had their directorial styles before
they had a style and it's it's super
fascinating so it's like evil that one
is something that you watch after you
discover how wonderful Evil Dead 2 is an
army of Darkness is fun but you know
dark knee a darkness has its moments but
then it also doesn't
it's like thx 1138 before you watch T
thx 1138 I think that's a good movie
ever see mannerism oh you should try
watching it once many years ago and I
just couldn't like this
maybe I was too young because it was
quite a while ago
oh yeah sure sure you should you should
see it it's pretty good it's pretty good
mr. coach is saying okay Jack Planet
Terror or death fruit
the answer is death through I saw I saw
them in the theater as the double
feature death Proof is the the
theatrical cut of death birth I thought
was superior and then I thought it was
so superior that I bought it on DVD
which was apparently like the extended
cutter the directorial cut which I found
severely subpar if I could find the
theatrical cut on the DVD I would get
that again I really like that I haven't
seen the death Proof proof for planet
term
I remember when their leaders know I
haven't seen it
oh ho yeah they're fun really fun I
haven't seen a large number of this
movies myself so considering I don't see
many movies yeah yeah as long as you're
not talking about him it's okay if I
worried I'd be great right that's all
right but ya know the theatrical cut of
Death Proof I thought was really great
it's it's the it's that same kind of
like did you ever see what was about
four rooms heard of it haven't seen it
oh you haven't seen it
Deathproof is very similar to to
Tarantino's segment in four rooms where
the entire thing is a little aggravating
until the end which makes the entire
thing worth it
like the last 20 minutes half hour of
death proof is one long car chase
sequence that is so wonderful and
brilliant that it makes the entirety of
the rest of the movie which was mostly
just people talking completely worth it
so was it responds I haven't seen
because you haven't seen it you're right
four rooms is one half of an
entertaining movie red-letter jay says
and I should just call you Jay but I am
so used to reading people's full names
I'm gonna go ahead and agree with you
Jay
what oh there's a strawpoll how do you
do these drop off things I wanna do one
I'm sure there's what you want to do
they're doing a what game should rich
place drop all I'm playing a game they
want they want something else is that
what's going on oh it's tied right now
all right so it's kind of tighter are
they demanding new game no no they're
not well then what's the deal this poll
obviously somebody's demanding something
there wasn't a point
one person is demanding in a game not
everyone one person you should have got
her earlier there was like four or five
hours worth of Arkham Asylum
am i right
I don't think any of us have used on
electronic cigarettes
aka vaping rich do you have any views on
electronic cigarettes aka vaping you
probably shouldn't do it the first place
is that scrolled up oh here it is
please stop playing this right thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it is there a
lot of plants vs. zombies hate out there
okay so much so that someone just paid
five dollars to have you stop playing
plants vs. zombie Wow
I mean I'm here's the thing rich 100
percent your call I'm gonna get blowing
for now I play where I want to play but
rich this doesn't taste like apples and
and then you're supposed to say we eat
what we like what you say we eat what we
like why because that's the commercial
dog do you remember the Apple Jacks
commercial
and then the the Applejack parents are
like but it doesn't taste like apples
and the kids are like shit we what we
like doesn't matter if it tastes like
apples fucking cunt don't you remember
we eat what we like rich
okay so moving on with this game all
right we're done what I say I'm done J
you don't know what I'm talking about
either rich have you not seen this is
this is a famous commercial where the
kids were like we what we like and the
same time I don't remember that one this
was having no it's it's a beautiful it's
it's a beautiful marketing premise which
is like kids inherently think their
parents are dumb right yeah and so the
parents are like
Applejack's doesn't taste like apples
and the kids are like man we what we
like okay okay and so it was I don't
think anybody is ever seriously
complained about Apple Jacks not tasting
like apples though no no this is not a
thing that has ever happened by the way
of course not which make it's like it's
pure marketing yes and then like kids
will be like oh that's right I eat what
I like the room is now and subscriber
only mode
hi I'm drunk tired Jack we love it well
good because this is what you get today
I wouldn't say I have a drinking problem
I drink like once maybe twice a week
problem when you don't drink my drinking
problems that keep spilling it on my
shirt not in my mouth
I just don't like cereal that's right J
you do me what you like which is not
Applejack excitonic Jack would you ever
attend to something like D Fest I went
to be fest last year and had a super
fantastic great time
beef s sounds absolutely miserable B
Fest is great for everyone who doesn't
know B Fest is a 24-hour bad movie
festival at Northwestern University in
Evanston Illinois you don't hear that it
actually is 24 solid straight marathon
hours 24 hours 24 your self and others
and I went last year and it was
fantastic it's insanity
I won't I don't think I'll be making it
this year just because some things are
coming up which is a shame because I
really enjoyed myself last year but I
really fucking wrecked my shit and
anyone who can make it to be fest
make it it's so fantastic I know it's I
mean it's intense and it's hard it's
hard to do because like it's just in
this like College movie theater and you
have to sleep on the floor and in your
movie theater seat it's intense and it's
and mostly it's mostly smelly but it's
so fantastic I had a really great time
and if I can't make it this year I'll be
upset but I don't think I will be able
to unfortunately
but you know we saw some great movies
last year it's coming down the B Fest is
the next weekend B Fest is next weekend
in Evanston all right let's hope our
Arby's keep writing my shit oh I'm so
sorry
well get it together
to play until I might do a little bit of
crypt of the necrodancer and then you of
course are free to leave at any point
right you might have things to do and I
got a long drive retired today I'm gonna
stay for the rest of my beer and then
I'm gonna leave one more actually maybe
this will just be the last round last my
family
mmm I'm gonna leave after this beer only
because after this beer I will be
incomprehensible okay and I know I'm
getting out like right now I think
hopefully I'm at that like amusing point
where I'm just kind of rambling and
people are enjoying it but a bit but
eventually I get to a point where where
it's it's just bedtime like I don't I
don't get crazy I just get tired when I
drink so look at all those tombstones
that's the same what are the tombstones
do zombies come out of there
occasionally at the big end of the wave
but you've heard this even I mean you've
lied to me jack
why did everyone that everyone has
played this I can't like I don't
remember everything about the game oh no
Jay listen I'll stay until until rich
has it has to mute me and have a talk
with me how about that right I think
that you showed up I think for the
betterment of the stream right yeah I'll
probably be snoring tonight
I usually snow or more when I drink too
drunk to read I am maybe it is getting
harder and harder to read it Chad I'm
trying
Zach have you see drunk history I have
see drunk history and it's great drink
history is fantastic Derek waters
yeah drunk history is great anyone who
has not seen drunk history should look
it up it's really great it's comedians
retelling famous stories while 100%
hammered and then they have professional
actors and directors film the script
based off of what the drunk comedians
said it's really great Jack do you
prefer IPAs or lagers you know like a
couple like a year or so ago I would
have said lager but I've been really
getting into the IPAs mostly because
they are a higher alcohol content and so
I can have less of them because I'm
getting more calorie conscious and so I
can have one IPA and that's like having
two lagers drunk jack is better than the
deafening silence gaming stream for you
guys this is what I get
that's what I get that's all right
that's all right
let's see here oh my god, chat.
what terrible things are they doing now
I do it's just it's not going by too fast
but every time the chat scrolls it's like 
my brain resets so I have to read it all again
so I'm just trying to read
something alright alright the beating
you know the beer okay it's because I
I'm drinking ballast only to sculpt in
India Pale Ale and it's a San Diego
brewery but I can't get this in my local
liquor stores oh shit
could you stop fucking up so much rich
apparently not wait I'm a pansy Jay I'm
gonna fight me for real and I'm gonna
lose also a mystery dumpster
I read that I'm not gonna sing you a
song I think I know better than singing
a song
you might be shocked and so my my parody
version is I don't eat much but I eat I
live Jules and that makes me really yeah
that makes perfect sense that's on whose
name I don't know
uh huh what what what I don't know
someone is telling me to go home because
I'm drunk but I'm already home so that's
why I am you are not a captive Jack what
no I'm here I haven't finished my beer
yet so I'm just hanging out okay a
little bit of necrodancer and then I'm
done
okay I think that's good I think I've
done well today ing and for everyone's
saying I just I enjoy poop humor I know
you do
yeah I know the act of pooping is funny
it's comical and I think it's comical
because like that's the one great
equalizer right like any any one of
celebrity stature and any one of a royal
political stature right everyone no
matter how important they are once a day
sits on a bucket and poops in it okay um
you know the chat right now I'm gonna
change the topic because um they're
talking about disco zombie I think he
was in the next stage that I didn't play
does anybody but me remember when disco
zombie used to be thriller zombie they
got threatened to the lawsuit but that
used to be a Michael Jackson zombie
would actually moonwalk into the lovely
before he spawned zombie dancers I'm
assuming you don't remember that Jack
what that this goes up the disco zombie
and plants vs. zombies used to be a
Michael Jackson Thriller zombie it's no
longer a Michael Jackson Thriller sound
no it's a disco zombie
oh I remember Michael Jackson okay
so I guess I haven't played it recently
enough to notice the change are you
playing yeah I don't feel Oh should I
gotta make that adjustment maybe that's
that's all I mean I need to have leave
this room to him that was dumb that was
just that was just plain old no excuse
for it dumb I mean that's what I'm here
for rich I'm here to I'm here to check
it out oh no I appreciate that by the
way still 100% professional no props to
you props I've updated the stream I've
made sure that you're streaming the
correct thing
but I wasted a bomb on what ended up
being a a glass something this glass
items are the fucking worst
they're the worst there are they're 100
percent the worst but I I think if you
get good enough at the game they can be
incredibly powerful uh yeah I would
still never gamble on that though well
you're just not there yet that's the
thing cuz what what damage do the glass
items do something like four to five
that's amazing but how much you need
really
three is great because you can you can
bust open crates you can do that one
like a titanium object and like the
boots of ass-kicking or one of those
objects
wasn't
why are you shocked by what's going on I
don't did they add stuff I think we've
asked them and I will doubly ask you me
do not show us have bingo card and I
will no longer read the bingo cards keep
us on the dark well they're individual
cards are randomly generated
okay just make sure it light and and I
guess this is more for rich and I we
need to make sure that we don't see the
bingo cards because it will curtail all
the things we talked about
I'm just reading the Tenten the Jew is
talking about how great repo man and the
fly are so I have nothing bad to that
cuz they're great Hey and crocodile
brain good night thanks for coming by
what did I ever do for the environment
I recycle and shit and that's great I
helped to ruin it
did you sure what did you do
trash not recycle I don't know all the
bad stuff you don't recycle no you why
do you because I'm a monster
you have to recycle man
fucking bomb in the stage really upset
there's a bunch of good shit in those
barrels right a bunch of good shit
oh me too no no you got a recycle make
shit from other shit that you don't use
anymore reduce reuse recycle dude for
the environment and do it for you
shit who uses reusable diapers yeah a
lot of people do that that's a that's a
growing fat as cloth diapers reusable
diapers I think that's fine
what is that the bow and arrow yeah oh
yes rich and I will play portal to co-op
have you played portal 2 unit rich yeah
yeah me too I didn't think it was as
good as 401 good humor sure portal is a
game that work better short sure but
that isn't my problem there's like
portal 2 is not perfect sepsis is Jack
what has gotten ahold of you the answer
is ballast point Brewing Company's
sculpin India Pale Ale in a real way I
am losing consciousness
what's what's my favorite zoo animal
anything that I normally could not see
in this country do I have to have one
yeah you're paranoid about sewers and I
don't care about your cycling up fuck at
all here's the thing you're at the zoo
and you are now forced to pick your
favorite animal this lame-ass lame-ass
I'm going with elephants and
rhinoceroses okay because there's some
weird shit that I don't see around here
like even like polar bears are just
they're just white bears you know we see
bears I don't care about that but I'm
not gonna see an elephant around here
they all smell yeah and a hippopotamus
they're all filthy animals I love seeing
the hippopotamus is they're awesome I
love seeing that we ship elephants it's
all about the elephants sure they're big
but they're weird there's the giraffe of
us they're great I'm great I love seeing
that weird stuff that we don't see on
this continent
Jack what's the alcohol content on that
IPA well I started the night with a
Fulton Imperial Ale which is a nine
percent and now I've had two sculpins
which are seven percent and I had some
this morning too but I forget what I
have and that was a story
rich isn't impressed with God's
creations rich rich why why are you not
impressed with God's creations whose
creations rich why are you not impressed
with the creations of evolution why
should I be because they are the things
that survived shit whatever I like
animals they're fun they smell they sure
but they're weird to look at go to a zoo
you got to take a shower when you're
done yeah that's fine that's an okay
thing just manure all over your clothes
the smell is awful
mm-hmm it's fine it's fine maybe maybe
I'm biased
during the couple years I was in
construction mmm I did some work at the
Brookfield Zoo and they had me
installing a drain in the the room they
use you know when when they have a dead
animal and they want to use the skeleton
for stuff oh they put it in the room
with the flesh-eating beetles yeah I do
install like a drain in that room Oh
oh that smell is like nothing you've
ever smelled in your life yes it's it's
literally it smells like death
if you've ever wondered what that smell
is it smells like the Beatle room cuz
they just doing a little house in a
little dingy closet just where they put
a dead carcass yeah and the Beatle strip
it to the bone and lose the bones they
can put it on display or whatever ah see
and here J is saying he says real talk
I saw his peacock in the middle come on
in the middle of a Milwaukee Street
while walking to work one morning it it
had apparently escaped from the
Milwaukee zoo and I think that's awesome
that's fine story any of those like
post-apocalyptic movies were like all of
humanity is dead so all the zoo animals
are just running around the streets I
think that's awesome I love it zoo
animals are great
what Matt I'm just reading the chat chat
waiting for a good thing to talk about I
mean that's yeah that's mistake number
one ballerina slippers or any form of
armor what a ballerina slippers do again
you can skip a beat any form of armor
that the multiplier I mean you know gold
is great well if you got an incision
weapon it's pretty good too
is that more damage with them higher
multiplier do you have an obsidian
weapon right now oh yeah then does
maggot the armor I come back for those
shoes shoes hey like what if we got you
on in some new balance kick fucking
thing what do you do I got hit by a
the spiciest thing I've ever eaten I
don't know
I enjoy spicy in general I like the
jalapenos and the papyrus rich what are
your thoughts on spicy food in general
hey hey let's hurt burnin hate those
awesome spicy food you know you know
what
toreador Tsin i have not played team
fortress 2 in a long time I have not
even played any of the new like updates
or anything it's been quite a long time
since I played team fortress 2 and I
think I'm okay with that it might be
time really I mean that's news is that
it is yeah you were a big proponent of
the team fortress I I still love Team
Fortress 2 but I've hit that point where
there's just nothing more for me like
it's all it's all kinda line today they
have finally hit that phone true team
fortress 2 we're finally valve has added
so much to the game where you can't play
the game anymore yeah you know it's all
conga lines it's all it's a conga line
it's it's a new taunt that they added
which is very funny but that's all
people do anymore instead of playing the
damn game and it's all times it's all a
hat requests I'm I have not played tf2
for a while and I haven't been
missing it so which is a shame because
tf2 is I mean by far the game that I
have the most number of hours in and I
just I haven't felt like buying position
got hit because you were talking about
Team Fortress 2 blame it on that because
I can yeah
gobble ooh gooks I'm not mentioning that
because I know it's a bingo item so
there so there
no no Team Fortress 2 did not die a
little bit after it became free Team
Fortress 2 got a boost after it became
free after Team Fortress 2 became
free-to-play it gained a user base of
hundreds of thousands that's what gave
that game its life support without the
free-to-play update we would have been
where we are now years ago the
free-to-play update gave it new life but
now we're hitting that point of
stagnation where they have nothing new
to add to the game and we're not getting
that new player influx that we've got
like we got during the free-to-play
update and so and valve doesn't really
care that much anymore because they're
working on other things and so we just
have to wait for the next game and let
Team Fortress 2 do what it do I still
love it and I will still speak highly of
Team Fortress 2 but after so many hours
it's just I I'm just not playing at it I
recommend it always forever to anyone as
a wonderful first-person shooter yes the
the free-to-play update brought too many
casuals but that's what a game means a
game needs that fresh Aguada
we need those casuals to become real
players because that's how you keep a
game alive if it's the same people
playing the same game you stop playing
the actual game and start playing these
weird meta conga line hat games which is
where we are now if you get the fresh
blood that they keep the purity of the
game intact they keep the actual game of
the game in town
we have only veterans playing the game
that's when you get into the weird medic
game which can work sometimes but but in
tf2 it's just been too long I'm a medic
like medic and I like engineer also
later and that and I main dragon I'm in
dragon and give to mostly dragon from
what you're saying it seems like the
community is really up to an appellate
yeah exactly
well no valve it's just not making
anything new and so the community has
run its course and now we're into meta
game territory which means we're not
playing the originally intended game so
yes it is the community and we've tapped
out our free-to-play resources so we're
not getting any new people to play to
keep the game fresh for the veterans
weird metagame like jacquimo bingo
you're absolutely right in other words
Shakman bingo spells the doom for prereq
well there's meta games in there's meta
games you know there's two different
things there's there's the meta game
like for example in any online
first-person shooter and any multiplayer
first-person shooter there will be a
kill death ratio meta game where you
don't necessarily like the objective is
fine
but you're also looking out for your
kill death ratio that's like your
personal meta game your game on top of
the game that you're already playing so
that's a fine meta game the but when
your meta game turns into let's see how
long we can not play the game and a
conga line that's when we have a problem
I feel like talking about tf2 Sobers me
up a bit and you by the way NCC is 1701
you're absolutely right mentioning the
bingo game should be a new bingo square
I like that
I desperately need health and I did not
get it apparently that shrine also oh
shoot
okay I think I'm done you're done I'm
done
it's a mental longest strip very longest
street and I'm done okay ah so anything
we want to say before we take off her or
what's going on
no I like it no I can't believe you
started so early yeah we're gonna have
to oh do we have any more word on our
early stream before for a Super Bowl
Sunday
nobody has asked me over to a Super Bowl
party I'm assuming around okay so almost
official question us how early what do
we want to start that's that's a
question our European fans what you get
a hold of us what what is the our
difference in Europe like what in in
noon here what time is it in England and
whatnot right that's the question I
think we need to start at like 10:00
a.m. ours our time that sounds too early
well too early for you yes
too early for anybody no no that's not
true at all everybody by the way if
we're gonna play old Madden games I
wouldn't be ting here at the studio for
that yeah yeah you know I can only
assume we're doing it six hours
what's the six hours how long I've been
streaming is they're saying it's a six
hour England is Oh hours earlier than us
earlier all right so if we start at
10:00 we may not work then that would be
insane for them wait is six hours
earlier that can't be right
you guys are we stop saying things that
can't be right
that's like in the middle of the ocean
six hours earlier it is tomorrow in
Australia already that does us no good
yes I'm gonna Google time we're gonna
look at time zones it has been requested
that we do an earlier stream 10:00 a.m.
would be 4 p.m. to them so I think
that's too early that's too early so if
we did a so noon would be 6 p.m. to them
so I did one even like primetime uh-huh
one one be like primetime one is 7 p.m.
for them though I'll do new whatever you
want to you want to new and I'll do new
well do well do new well do will do one
we'll start we'll do a 7 p.m.
England time stream coz the Attic 6
o'clock people might still be like
eating a late dinner or so okay all
right one what it is so just start at
one and we'll just go as long as we feel
we can okay
okay we'll have to find some games to
play
am i seeing you tomorrow well we'll talk
about that later oh yeah yeah okay so so
yeah our Super Bowl Sunday European
friendly stream possibly starting at one
o'clock Central

