Feb 4, 2015
Leisure Suit Larry 2, Tron 2.0, Crypt of the Necrodancer
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3776887, https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3776895, https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3776906, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=317RhgaAas0
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3776913, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYDC3Yps9e
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3776923, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVDy5V6cCYU
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3776927, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEtEtt2wNZc
11:33am: "We are streaming tonight. 7:00pmCST-ish. We're going to try one of these new fangled "Point and Click" adventurous games." (archive.vn/CobM6)
7:08pm: "Leisure Suit Larry Goes looking for Love... with Rich, Jack and sometimes Jay. RIGHT NOW!!!" (archive.vn/igTvz)

[Part I]
hello what yo yo yo it's just you rich
we've learned we've left I was never
even here no wait wait I'm gonna be
talking to you right here what you're
talking to my oh my god hey I got a turn
sound down on things right
what is owes it it's this dream oh
that's the stream add just mystery man
I'm gonna mute jeez hit me at age Christ
that was terrifying
oh my god our own ad nearly deafened me
worse I was in TV playing the the sound
is that we're like it shouldn't be
what's coming the video I guess my
graphics card is able to handle sound
for when you plug it into a TV it's nice
let's say to see mine I never hear sound
on my own TV at home
I don't know any the remote we're trying
to sound out on TV cuz that's gonna
happen again
oh no that's actually really nice cuz we
can hear the what the folks okay yeah I
guess I'll leave it okay
I'll leave it stream seeing well I guess
I won't see it yet you won't see again
but no no we're seeing the game and I
why am i moving the keyboard over we're
gonna need this keyboard we are gonna
need it I need a lot I'm gonna know
whole lot yeah I got it we got a baby ad
- huh dads
yeah we have to suffer through ads um if
we want to watch this dream also who
would linked us to a woman is afraid of
owls that was the dumbest SNL sketch
I've ever seen that was really awful you
know sometimes there's that setup where
you know what the punchline is gonna be
but it still catches you by surprise
yeah I mean when the joke is only
somebody just kind of losing their shit
running around and breaking things and
tripping over the oh that's the function
Oh Oh like oh sure that's great I loved
it I loved it was the funniest thing
I've seen in quite some time time so
okay I'm not seeing it pop up there yet
why isn't that up on the screen what why
is it why is the suit Larry not showing
up I don't know we're not seeing Leisure
Suit Larry no we're not seeing it uh but
we know we're not seeing it I'm not
saying in properties it's showing in the
hair or showing this Schuler also we
have the what the fucking weed you
forgot to thank them NCC one seven zero
one the D thank you for subscribing the
past three months now we very much
appreciated unit finish I was white as I
was just dancing along with you none cuz
I'm also hearing we haven't done oh my
god that startled me I should that
actually did we jump a little bit
Oh a little concentrating on work my god
John kilo oh my god has subscribed for
the past nine months can you believe
that I do not believe that I'm not crazy
have you been doing this for night mom
apparently because John kilo has been a
subscriber for that long that's crazy
yes I guess we're a John Kela we very
much appreciate it we might have to do
just like a window cap here or whatever
also professor pun thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it because it's
definitely clicked as bang on that's not
shown up it's not shown up why is it not
shown up it's weird hearing me on on
like a 30-second delay in my headphones
yeah I'm excited for the game to start
so I can just do an audio testing Oh
asshole thank you for subscribing for
the past I see an even ho a song has
been with us for the past seven months I
think that's great I didn't do it as a
window capture them also humberto
Cabbage Patch thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it loved you and
Sherlock what the fuck
there you go yeah that's acceptable
that's acceptable that's acceptable
mm-hmm okay we might have to turn that
down a little bit I have nightmares
right built oh if someone was something
I pronounce this wrong bill Tetley bill
Tetley thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate Bill has been with
us for the past eight months
okay okay these people these Pete you
guys I'm on top of Jack on top I come on
give me the program
get out of Tralee get on home we're on
the trolley yeah we're playing Leisure
Suit Larry - right and Darth meringue
geez dark place thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it and I also
enjoyed Darth meringue geez Garth
Maggie's dark place um you see that one
ah our Crime $29.99 thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we
very much do hey this is Leisure Suit
Larry - yeah we're it's an adventure
game we are playing it because it is I
believe the only classic Sierra parser
adventure game that I haven't played and
parser is is different from the
point-and-click I actually have to type
in what your character does I assumed
this was a point-and-click and it is not
no it is a parser which using context
clues means that you type yes you like
you still use the arrow keys to move
around but like if you want to search
the cabinet you type in search cabinet
and then if you want to use an item you
have to actually describe what you do
with it you don't just like click
randomly on the screen until something
happens love it you have to think about
how you use the things you have I enter
odd you love that also Questor fest
thank you for subscribing these past
four months
so okay now because this is an old game
yeah this is this is ancient DRM yes see
back in the day they could not stop you
from just handing your copy of a game to
a friend and letting them install it and
then giving you the discs back and one
person could buy the game and twenty
people in the neighborhood could have it
right you couldn't I don't know if it
was hard to share it over the internet
back then but there was still piracy yes
so while the the actual copies of the
game were easy to make and pass around
hmm they figured the hand books were a
little bit more difficult to duplicate
yes so what they did was they they had
like information that you had to verify
in the handbook before the game would
start so so we have like a little PDF
file that I I generally I bought this
off of GOG calm how strange
yes this is a other than this handbook
DRM this is a a DRM free game that I
have bought off of Gog and it comes with
a PDF file that's got the old manual so
I'm looking at PDF file of a pages from
the book where it's got pictures of
different girls and their phone numbers
and what is her number seven four four
eight seven four four if I need to click
in the window right bingo
okay okay also yeah Oh give him four
four get the mouse out of there H damn
mom will give me a second jack and mouse
out of there well that's actually kind
of part of the game too you might be
able to click on things here in there oh
it's it's like this they're starting
when they made this they're starting to
move towards play sure sure so there is
some point and click functionality great
all right we're starting
Leisure Suit Larry goes looking for love
animist primal thank you for subscribing
in several wrong places and I'll just
get through a little okay
and several wrong way is animist primal
has been with us for the past five
months six forty by forty right yeah
this is this is some low res stuff
happening here did Larry just fall off
of his own Croats I think he fell Teddy
I was kind of looking over I looked at I
saw on out of the corner of my eye it
looked like Larry took a header that's
titled I would believe that this is what
are all these balls delightful you make
any sense
what are these balls
I don't think we're hearing the game
music in the stream well we are not
hearing the game music extreme oh well
well maybe it's just something you have
to cook it'll be okay sorry everybody a
rich doesn't want to figure it out yet
um we hear the game music we met in the
hot tub in lost wages in your luxury
penthouse apartment in the land of first
game okay at the end of the game
remember big finale
okay fake away she says suck why are you
here well I are that is you stammer why
I just kind of assumed when two people
are deeply in love as we are uh the
natural thing to do is move in together
and move in you creep you've got exactly
five minutes to get everything out of my
house and out of my life
Wow Oh Brutus she commands her dog I'm
guard Oh
Oh mmm you think yourself that dog looks
rather familiar I'll be back here in
five minutes Eve shouts and you won't
Garet guilt Ron thank you for no Gil
yeah guilt Ron or guilt Ron okay look
that's what Mike calls them in the Girl
Interrupted by disease Oh
Garret Gill cron thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
also Hank Hill and hilling Ford Hank
hilling Ford thank you for subscribing
welcome to Leisure Suit Larry are we
mowing a lawn yes okay well we just we
just got kicked out of this house Oh so
we need to figure out what to do well
let's fix the oh there's no audio
happening right now
yeah just probably not gonna be much
overall so I'm not too worried about
that
okay great water do you really want to
try and fix the audio I mean it might be
important
how do we do this jack I don't know you
either one who wants to fix it I don't
give a shit I go to settings thank you
and go to audio yeah
default sure great
yeah I guess I you know it's already
since default so that's great
well okay or also and well then let's go
X out of this just X out add just X out
and go right click on your little
speaker thing I'm lower right that one
playback devices and make sure that
Samsung eight if that is your default
device okay well then that we've done
all we can so much like 800 sure or try
that
that might work too okay great
we have tried we'll see if it works all
right Jen
okay oh yeah better I'm better at
talking when i'm not at control so do
you want to actually take over like the
typing in the web you're sure you want
to switch spots no yeah we're a drama I
don't know if you have touched like this
over all right let's see here we're
doing
and find nothing but junk which is no
use to you how do I get out of here now
walk
well I'm use the arrow keys doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo
okay let's look around all right here
nope sorry raw wound run
welcome to the edge ready rooms for men
who get stuff done
good luck no matter what kind of stuff
we do we have to get ready to do it
this one's are getting ready get ready
we get ready with edge shave gel edge
creates a protective layer of
lubricating volunteering to help eraser
give you a close shave and less
irritation there we go
okay here we go what the fuck wait we
had a what the fuck um
uncool aid man thank you for subscribing
for these past four months okay uncool
aid matter
uncool a bed well it's not with a cake
Kool Aid is with a case oh that's uncool
laid man well technically it's uncool
aid man oh yeah because someone L Omega
so uncool aid man so he's not cool
because he has AIDS
okay cool dates aren't cool that's true
ah the fuck want the fuck indeed let's
try going this way doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo I have to scroll your
food to do - to do a movie - two fingers
two fingers two fingers left oh my god
Bridget what look just two fingers okay
okay gang is born mine thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
gone this way nope so then we go this
way do-do-do-do-do to to to look at a
Hatteras pretty scenery mmm look around
why that must be unrehearsed ooh do
sille studios look at studios what that
okay okay
staring at the walls already yes alright
dude - dude - dude - - are we gonna have
to make a porno at the Unruh versal
studio oh my god I hope not
let's hope we don't have to okay we're
here - barbershop one dollar haircut oh
yeah always always save Jack this quick
key for ah good then balls you know yeah
says the barber which Jack clipped off
of that text too quick for me to
actually read it I did how do I say
vegan um sorry da lagoa something I want
Lord love to write Santana's f5 f5 a
future you save fifties Oh new save
that's part of the third-party program
that's actually running this game very
LSL oh one I am NOT uh clever with my
save names all right let's talk to this
dude again look at all um talk to man I
have no time for idle conversation
respond to the barber hey Jack huh he's
French
I said manju earlier I have is no time
for a conversation response the barber
is bad enough I have to talk to
customers while I cut the air I
certainly don't want to talk when I'm
not cutting hair if you want me to work
on that problem ahead of yours you'd
better sit down in that chair
turbo Jesus 5000 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
seven months ago nice walk over to the
front of the barber's chair and sit down
okay
okay all the way yeah yeah
got some nice paintings on a calendar
you'd like to get a haircut but you
don't have enough money
oh look it painting you don't know much
about art but you do know what you like
listener does a naked lady it's a naked
lady on the calendar in it yes pixel
boob pixel boob Cal oopsie ah look at
calendar if you guys miss something that
is a game-ending fuckup
do you want us to tell you is what the
chat is asking I mean if it's a
game-ending fuckup
what do you think what do you think rich
we made it through I think I think save
frequently I made it through Space Quest
yeah it took a couple days but I knew
about game-ending fuck-ups though I
think I steered away you Stevie like
like for example if anyone was was here
for the Space Quest adventure I got
really stuck at a couple times like I
got really stuck in the ship yeah so if
there's something that we are super
stuck on um then let us know that is
what I was saying all right all right
I mean well and we'll tell you guys will
say you guys tell us you know what's
going up sir apparently I can't spell
calendar look Kel and dirty ale see ya
Yin D yeah I think it's a are you think
they are oh nothing look up okay
there's a mirror you want to look at
more the mirror but it might say
something insulting I don't think we
were spelled with an O is it least not
there you see a barbershop
haha okay that's kind of clever
okay it looks like we are back up
streaming sure yes we are back we are
now back up screaming sorry about that
everyone we miss that's the real
question how much did you guys miss oh
here we go now we're getting now we're
getting some good k b /s uh a little
River Creek rich is gonna go get drunk
um drunk I'm live he's gonna get drunk
on live we okay we uh let's see here
okay rich forgot to plug in the ethernet
to the computer so that's our bad one -
how much did you guys miss the mirror
and the barbershop joke oh did you you
saw the backwards Burger ship okay great
well then we just left the barbershop
and now we are in the slightly seedy
section of the city by the seashore
possibly he's true it's what she sells
okay Jay is working and so I have his
mic down at the time but if he wants to
say anything I will turn up his
microphone and he will talk to you but
let the man work I'm doing visual
effects
say that again Jay I'm doing visual
effects there you go six hours some
three seconds of the movie
that's how movies working yeah here's my
piece of advice for aspiring filmmakers
yeah don't make a movie that has visual
effects in every shot of your film
unless you're George Lucas don't do it
great weight avoid sprawling science
fiction epics let's go get somebody else
oh yeah if you have a team of like
seventy-five to a hundred visual
sardis then I would say go for it what
what movie was that we were watching and
we got to the end credits and the visual
effects it was like some brick of text
like the whole screen was metal that's
every movie now especially Marvel it was
a Marvel movie I know but well they're
all like that and in the Iron Man 3
there was joke could be effects artists
joke 1 yeah like they they put in extra
ones oh really
maybe it was Iron Men through them
that'll fuck with people it's it's been
numerous movies now yeah and now you
understand why because you've been
trying to do them all yourself
yep great I mean I understood why before
but it was fun to make fun of them now
doesn't seem is money sure okay alright
we are now in a slightly seedy section
of the city welcome we find her
I don't know ah there oh this way I
think was the studio so I'm gonna walk
this way do-do-do-do schweiz new barber
shop which way was that uh South look at
that that looks great palm trees so I
guess this takes place in LA yes if it
has what was it called the Unruh
versatile studio Oh a or le standin yeah
do do to do to do oh there's an
amusement park I want to go to an
amusement park rich Jack and J who are
your favorite movie villains movie
villains yeah he's kind of standard but
I think he kind of made the mold I want
to go with Hans Gruber oh no I'm on
Brickman die art yeah I mean I know who
Hans Gruber is but um you know he was
pretty much like generic European but
then he start that was Jarek until he
did it started an eighties thing of
villains um I don't know mine would be
that eighties thing of villains that's a
tough that's a tough question what is
this
uh-huh-huh look around
something shop ye olde is that both
doors are lights since there's a sign
that says watch for our Grand Opening
real Sunnah the door nice use able F to
okay I can't say hold the door I see
what happens I did tell me I can't read
that slide from her ye olde yeah a ye
olde earth no museology shop okay ye
olde ethno music and Cobus way ok I said
I shouldn't walk in the street either I
should walk on the sidewalk it would be
nice to have a goal would it be like in
Space Quest we knew get off the space
station was our goal
sure in this we're just kind of get
kicked out of a house and we're just
walking around uh I don't know what
we're working towards hey rad do these
three homes obviously we're looking to
get laid that's the whole point at
Leisure Suit Larry right you gotta get
two ladies to come and and be with you
looks like a way to you look yeah uh
talk to lady hello big what do you think
Larry sounds like Oh big blonde and
beautiful
my name is Larry Larry lever
nice name yes very laughter Larry lever
hiya she blurts between bubbles can I
help you can I help get uh I just did it
rich didn't burn I can reach heaven um I
guess what I'm just walking around II
I'm a big shot hey rich is there a film
franchise that you'd like to see
rebooter be remade no no let it lie I
don't lie
hey what's going on what's going on here
I don't think there's anything we can do
here other day you could do any of the
doors open no it's all the doors are
locked
what happens if you talk late I talked
to lady hi my name is Larry leopard can
I help you that's update my goal is to
get late let's try it let's try that um
ask for date will you date me perhaps
you can ask for date Oh ask for date the
heck you say no um stare at boobies
stare at boobs you see nothing put down
oh by the way favorite movie villain ah
predator ah predator no I'm just fine
movie but favorite villain I don't know
I'm just oh by the way oh I don't I just
can I can't think of a villain Ryan I
think you're plenty of villains I just
don't know what if I would have a
favorite I'm predators a good villain
predator is a great citizen when he
kills people
yeah it's clay that monsters I think of
differently than villains
yeah like villain I think of like a Hans
Gruber Darth Vader like something with
some humanity okay a monster is just
like a monster okay all right Balian
isn't evil he's not a villain it's just
doing what it does alright you know all
right
I've you know what I'll buy this all
right just so I don't have a good answer
for my weird question favorite villain
then it got me thinking enough all right
we don't see anything special Oh suppose
I thirst or other doors to look at but
alright just as it appeared all the risk
is there something on the desk
yes oh look at that we a little picture
you find dull woman sexy what but then
you find any woman sexy oh this game is
not being kind of this poor receptionist
why is she um this is this game is from
another era yes holy Lord okay I I'm
assuming this has come back later
territory yeah do do to do to do to do
to do to Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing
Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing if I can't
do anything there yeah I wish like these
games wouldn't I wish I wouldn't have
sections like this where like you can
hide yeah but that's fine all right I do
dink good thing to walk and down the
steps are please your suit Larry walk in
slowly Oh Hollywood hasn't lots of walls
that's a long Xia you wonder what part
of Los Angeles you are in now oh by the
way this isn't like an analogue okay
this is Los Angeles straight up with a
fictional film studio but well that's
copy written who a liquor store perfect
I'm gonna look in that dumpster rich
what should George locus direct people
to their seats and seats in the theater
that jokes been made already yeah yeah
rich have you played quake for yes and
I'm considering streaming it at some
point
nothing close what did you expect
passport I mean I kind of did wait wait
what was it uh it's I found nothing and
then it's a what did you expect a
passport that's too odd an area we're
gonna have to use that at some point you
think we can mark hey there we go quicky
Mart
hello lady this place is full of ladies
look at the kwik-e-mart has many items
for sale
a clerk lounges sleepily behind the
counter near a lottery ticket machine
there is a soda dispenser near the front
window ah can we buy a lottery ticket
same thing I'm at five if this is a game
where you can get stuck and you only
have one dollar right make lottery
ticket purchases are involved Wow
if it's not we might waste that one
dollar just close that what get outta
here just exit I tried to exit out okay
you save suit larry Oh - that's not a
mouse here we go um buy lottery ticket
move closer to the clerk and buy a
lottery ticket okay look pants clerk oh
I don't know if she's supposed to be
sexy or not how do you think oh yeah you
find a Southern woman sexy but then
again you find anyone sexy hi lottery
ticket here's my here's my last dollar
you say handing it to the cute clerk how
about selling me one of those luck Oh
buckle lottery tickets that's those bad
oh my Larry okay okay I know you did it
just like I did it so don't make fun of
my voice I'm not maybe was good for that
I wasn't make fun I will kill you it's
Wonder I get for consistency saying I
should have done it but it's okay you're
right no you're right by the way you're
absolutely right then I'll do the lady
okay patna you know what no because then
I'm gonna be doing Larry and you're
gonna be doing all of the ladies and I'm
just gonna be traumatized right okay you
do the lady okay podna says clerk here
you go
just took this here ticket machine on
the end of the counter good luck
she concludes have a nice day
y'all you insert the paper ticket into
the lock Oh bucko machine the lock Oh
bucko lottery machines video display
screen flashes please enter your six
numbers but please enter your six
numbers between 100 and 999 now huh
guys we gotta pick numbers okay okay
what do we go on I don't know
150 okay boom pick two as yours 150
little can make it really easy to
remember or 160 160 take three Oh dead
here
Oh pick three 170 we have to pick six of
them 170 we'll keep this easy to
remember 180 180 190 200 bra size hang
process hang I think you just it's not
actually a loading screen jack it's
processing I think I think just hit one
I did
no it's still processing it really is
yeah and enter and nothing happened I
mean I turn nothing happened okay
actually freeze we might have frozen are
you sure
still I mean Oh out pops your luck Oh
buck Oh lottery ticket you take it and
wonder will I be a winner
oh yes Chad I'm sorry we didn't make a
drug reference I'm so sorry everyone I'm
unsubscribing this wasn't 420 I kind of
shit you guys know we don't do drugs
writing down and there's nothing funny
about 420 at this point right they think
we do don't don't don't don't bust the
illusion you have no reason to do that
wait what are you doing I was giving her
the lottery ticket why would you do that
cuz too smart it - cash - no okay I
don't I don't know what's going on here
look the kwik-e-mart has many items for
sale a clerk lounges legally blind the
counter near a lottery ticket machine
there is a soda dispenser near the front
window alright uh drink soda nobody's
that thirsty all right well then was
nobody stirring up drinks apparently not
sorta II will kill you slowly let's go
dude one's talking about Randy Quaid do
ya I stopped watching that video halfway
through because I don't want to see him
fuck his wife he doesn't really I'm sure
it's just humping I'm sure it is just
humping and every time you thrust the
dog barks yeah it'sit's pretty surreal
yeah it's too sad for me to find funny
yes it's because it says you're just
watching a guy who's clearly mentally
ill you know desperate for attention as
I love Randy Quaid we've made fun of
Randy Quaid but it's it's yeah it's kind
of sad yeah yeah and the less attention
you give it the better yes that being
said I understand completely why people
are fascinated by it hundred so we used
our last dollar okay so we don't need
that last dollar for something in here
right
like I'm never quite sure when I okay
there you look by the sign on the
druggists counter you presume the
druggist is out only a clerk remains and
he doesn't look too bright by Spanish
Fly not talk to him um do you have
anything here that cost a dollar last
you ask him nope I do to do do see me
balls me balls us in the chat yeah he's
still mad I don't like anime um I'm
sorry me believe Oh Mabel Mabel is the
one that that apparently sent me an
anime care package yeah he sent both of
us an animal yeah and even though even
though I've been I've been opened with
Chad since the beginning yeah that I'm
not especially big anime fan hmm Mabel's
Mabel's was was shocked that I was
snarky I'm not receiving the enemy care
package not for one no I didn't mean to
legitimately hurt your feelings not
everything everything I say like both on
the chat and in real life is this a
little bit exaggerated a little bit
snarky sure but it's like you sent me
out of May I've been upfront about not
especially liking anime huh I don't know
that you can be upset that I wasn't
delighted ah yeah okay and and I know
not all anime is the same but like as a
generalization I don't like it um I
don't remember exactly what you said I
know you you mentioned some of them
before and I'm gonna go through some of
them Akira I believe you said you sent
Akira Hiro was in there yeah I could
appreciate the animation mm-hmm I don't
like Akira okay so I already don't like
a tear up great
uh spirited away I might be willing
spirit leave a shot any of those Mia a
Miyazaki film I've heard it's good a
great name well said he say he said
there's a couple Miyazaki ones in there
yeah see it's not thank you who sent
those Mego Gables me balls me balls
thank you for sending those I'm gonna be
appreciative here say thank you because
I want to watch the Miyazaki stuff yeah
so I watch the JJ will appreciate yeah
and I took her go home don't don't let
rich get you down we read to him it's
like I was in high school right when
anime was becoming big so it was hard
for me to completely avoid these things
yeah like vampire hunter D was something
he said he said yeah yeah he's got a
weird Fe talking head huh and he's big
serious badass or whatever whatever
cartoons bloody all of us that's
hardcore
oh okay with I'm okay with animated
things uh Ninja Scroll Ninja Scroll I
seen that okay for actually huh I really
I really like the ending the ending
battle okay as a clever ending okay I
actually didn't see that before
and kind of lately slight part of it
sure so okay that's all Richard Scotts
is great I think it's great I think
everything's great uh hey baby you don't
look like a California girl she says
that's funny don't you all right dude
didn't solos you do hi look it close huh
look it close or is this a clothing
store those are racks of clothing I
think those look like suits
oh she had a ring on her finger a lot
I'm gonna go over here ask about ring
did I like the comic Knievel's people's
I gotta be honest I don't I'm not the
one who picks up the nail I don't think
I've seen the comic if there was a comic
sent I have I haven't seen it it's in a
million-five a little steep even if
you're even if the suit is important
okay all right so the suit is a million
dollars yeah and we bought a lottery
ticket gotcha
I guess we have to buy the lottery
ticket what I'm worried about is that we
might need specific numbers and our
random ones yeah might've might have
broken our game how do we know if we if
we won the lottery
well of something we haven't seen yet
okay oh we're on Rodeo Drive isn't that
fun Rodeo Drive Rodeo Drive
do do do did you oh I'm back over here
crane let's go back up here maybe do two
two two two two two two two
we have been this way yet we're just
getting the lay of the land everybody
we're just leisure in around what's
behind these bushes all right
nothing nope nothing all right dude to
tell you that to do you have to do do Oh
oh this is where we're at here what's
what's the right things we haven't seen
to the right alchemists that's what we
can we better look we've seen everything
I believe oh no no there's a bar okay
I remember there's a bar do do the
numbers are a thing don't worry about
them okay - - the numbers are a thing
don't worry okay great so good good
we're not broken yet oh hey there's a
beach we need to figure out how to win
the lottery I think okay it's in five
million dollars suit yeah
open those I guess I guess that million
dollar suits gonna get Larry laid sure
you can't open it that's what it takes I
mean yeah I mean really mom great I
can't do much here but uh
know how much I love you and that might
be hot hot me period here's the box I
found it
yeah the scurvy dogs alone it's like one
of these homeless people have like the
real winning lottery ticket right to
steal it what's gonna happen oh I hope
so look at man-to-man
there's no need these guys are too gone
to hear you cry search man look at man
they're just a couple of guys who can't
say no just a couple of songwriters
three two three four four two three you
find nothing can you get your kicks we
can't get in the saloon opened doors
that even work look you're now in a very
seedy portion of the city in the
distance you can see those famous la
landmarks the Queen Larry and the loose
goose okay oh there's a boat back right
get a the Queen Mary the Queen Mary the
Spruce Goose the one search man you find
nothing great step over man
hmm lock on that door that's a puzzle
that's way too easy a solution sure oh
oh come keep moving Larry you hit tab
dude tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu I wait no wait we
have the ticket it's not like we forgot
to pick it up okay good thank you though
Jess yeah it would have been
heartbreaking all right let's go see
what this Queen Mary has to offer all
right let's go up that alley yeah Queen
Mary Queen Larry Queen Larry all right
what's the left
um we could pick up the speech there's
gotta be a thing big increase speed you
know walk faster to get around yeah yeah
um there's the Brown Derby Crown Derby
is luck the Brown Derby has a board over
its doors board huh you think we can do
that wait is there something we can do
behind the buildings I don't know do to
to to to to know what are the answer to
to to to to to to oh wow how do I get up
how do I get up here alright let's try
to remove that Brown Derby is weird
something going on here
yeah bubbly probably we don't know are
we going to play grim fandago um no I
probably not yeah I want to play that I
want to play that by myself to join the
XPS and he should and I won't play
because then Jack would end up being
spoil right for everything that happens
in it so yes I'm gonna play that by
myself oh by the way update everyone on
my first world gamer problem okay which
wish system to buy for I have decided to
buy it for the computer so i bought it
on Steam I'm a steam guy so I'm just
when steam already I kind of regret it
because like I almost like I want to
play it on my Vita cuz I just have that
with me more but I accept my decision um
so why didn't you get the GOG version
cuz I like steam oh you know like you
can you can achieve us I like
achievements I like the trading cards I
like the whole thing cuz you can you can
link to a game on Steam that's not a
steam game right so you have easy access
to it I like I do with everything I like
the meta stuff alright I'm God and of
course I like the trading cards cuz then
I can get more friends you know except I
I'm not I'm now have like over 200
requests waiting in queue you have
enough force my hand yeah cuz originally
I was on the fence cuz I already own
Grim Fandango and I own programs and let
me run Grim Fandango in a modern system
yeah now I feel like I have to support
GOG cuz you didn't buy the GOG version I
I wholeheartedly support you have now
forced my hand to buy
ha ha III 100% support GOG in all of its
efforts but I like the other stuff on
Steam too
I don't know what to do now are those
clothing store that was the clothing
store so I there might no wait what
thank you know is there something with a
TV so we can here lottery results oh
maybe the drug store there's oh oh wait
the convenience store I think had
something like yeah let's go check the
convenient store dukka dukka dukka
doomed there was a soda machine well the
drug stores right here I'll check the
cards this something lottery lottery
tickets something something lottery of
course of course that's the only thing
we have right now and then the next the
next lead is the suit right um no
there's nothing in the drugstore let's
go see what this sale bin is look sign
of the draw all right look in bin you
can't do that here all right
what does just say no means the drugs
drugs well the drug I know I thought
that Mike

[Part II]
boys admire southern girls okay
hand over ticket you're gonna compliment
her I don't think we can how are you
gonna get the ladies if you don't
compliment them
this game isn't many I have no idea what
are you doing in this game because I
walk in here with a five million dollar
soup she's gonna instantly fall in love
with us okay so I'm giving the women of
this game too much credit no while
you're giving the writers of this game
too much yes let's see how they write
their writers of the women characters
the writers of the women um okay you are
you saying that there aren't women out
there who are attracted to that kind of
thing money and power are you saying
like I'm not saying there isn't and
that's a generalization I'm sure it's
wrong I know what you're saying is that
any woman in this game if you have a 5
million i'm sued they're gonna get with
you i'm saying that presumably this
woman might okay then
she works in a convenience store
somebody walks in with a five million
dollar suit that's her that's her ticket
out of the convenience okay fair enough
I don't think I can give her and say the
woman who works at the store that sells
the five million dollars it's probably
not the same thing
sure okay I am Keith David thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
now we need someone to subscribe it's
named I am David Keith because those are
both actors I'd be attracted to a woman
who was wearing a five million dollar
dress how would you know it's a five
million dollar dress I'm assuming if you
spend five million dollars on it it's
gonna look fucking great all right you
know what TV station huh TV station oh
that's right there was a radio station I
think was TV but that's right there was
a TV station
that's right there was a station station
station station Lincoln Bill & Ted's
bogus journey sir he was mailing his
name is station station sir Hillary man
fat I'm glad you enjoyed having my
fiancee on the show that one time look
at wall she kind of wants to come back
at some point she wants to play monster
was it monster party then this one yeah
watch me not remember hey speaking of
samurai cop - what do you guys think
about self-aware sequels - lousy movies
they're usually better yeah it's it's
generally a bad idea
I don't know funny one Essene hobgoblins
- that was made because the first
Hobgoblin goblins was on Mystery Science
Theater and it was a terrible movie so
then after the success and popularity of
it being on Mystery Science Theater the
guy decided to make a sequel and it's
like yeah you can't you can't make a
sequel to a bad movie where you're aware
that the first movie is bad and you're
trying to repeat that right it just
doesn't work it's true I I did something
right oh I showed the receptionist my
lottery ticket okay so this is what
Larry says save us perceptions this
lottery ticket any good I don't know
sure wise I've misplaced my glasses as
best I can remember
this week's lucky life flattery luck Oh
bucko numbers are eight five three two
one seven should we write this down we
should definitely write this out okay
hold on I have my handy-dandy notebook
oh you you scamp uh-huh yeah yes I did
my do not regret it okay eight five
three two one seven
three nine six nine three one five oh
five five three six okay what six
numbers do you have should we tell her
the truth
8 5 3 2 1 7 3 9 6 9 3 1 5 5 & 5 3 6
that's correct that's correct she
replies you are a lucky guy
the last lucky life lottery show of the
season is being taped right now I'll
notify the director that you're here I'm
sure you'll be called immediately I'll
unlock the door to the green room so you
can wait there save save save 5 dude -
dude - easy there Oh tree oh by the way
says the receptionist don't care nervous
just cuz you're on live television being
watched by millions of people she
chuckles softly yeah her breath jack in
the past I've been highly critical of
you yeah but that voice is great yeah I
think I like that thanks I feel pretty
good about it's like Southern California
fair a little hippy a little dippy
little trip you wonder why the
receptionist called this a green room
when there's no green in it at all Oh
television joke there are two television
monitors a bench some art posters a
lovely modern painting and
three doors okay well look at look at
painting look at murder look at poster
post that Skirvin guy sure can draw
horses whatever Skirvin is I'm sure
that's a that was a modern reference at
the time yeah that skirt one monitor
shows a lovely young lady the other is
just static well we're going to the lady
that's the rule of Leisure Suit Larry
follow you dick
you can't they're all locked and there's
no key just be patient and see okay okay
dude you can sit on the bench doo doo
doo doo possibly I don't understand that
on bench what the fuck
Mickey Han Han thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
we appreciated so much we're sitting on
a bench for you for months in a row
nah are you just gonna sit here we have
to do it again I think so it might be
the puzzle Wow or the puzzle is we need
to get up you know do something we don't
know look at the TV with the lady on it
with static no the one is static look at
the one with the lady Oh Marilyn oh wow
there you poo-poo cries the man man oh
it's man oh there you pop oh oh I see
what's happening here what okay guys
he's speaking with a lisp is crazy so
crazy man
you're light where have you been you
silly little Dickens
we've just been worried sick of all you
I'll do it more like Celeste you're
doing wrong that's probably better
because it's yeah you know I agree with
that
that's not he's not gay he's a cat
enthusiast before you can answer him he
tells you hurry up honey
you're on Oh yep okay that's an ascot
what is this eighty eighty-eight fuck
Palin nine nine nine nine nine thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
the control room talkback speaker
crackles five-second stares boys and
girls five seconds hair places everybody
oh it's a dating game yep
this doesn't look at all like you
expected a lottery show to look but just
in case you decide to grab a seat on
that empty stool over there probably
should have saved while I was sitting
down yep the voice-over announcer says
from Hollywood it's the latest and
greatest in embarrassment programming
the all-new dating
welcome everybody I'm glad you're here
for the all-new zeiten connection we're
just about ready to play our game let's
meet our contestants
who's going to match learn number one a
professional surfboard wax are from
gumbo Missouri his hobbies include
collecting yo braunschweiger places
speculating on the sexual preference of
professional dancers and watching
televised opera
me today by the way for everyone who
can't hear the music
hopefully can't do bachelor number two
is today's intellectual he is presently
chairman of the physics department at
the local university after you
originally from Pakistan Ohio meet Raghu
okay okay Raghu gallery'
respond sir whether you want to call
yourself okay with me Wow right today is
bachelor number three eternal was a
major who quit college in order to
pursue his dream job
oh you can hear the music yeah music is
super painful I'm sorry I didn't think
you could hear it way down way down Jack
insisted on fixing the sound I did he
insisted you're welcome
how can you click back on the Leisure
Suit Larry to screen please please rich
currently unemployed Medes
APU wife and now it's time to play the
dating connection says myth barf Barbara
may we have your first question please I
like thanks being huh you know says
Barbara bachelor number one like like
this one's for you if I was to like go
out on a you know
with you and and you was like you know
all dressed up or something and like the
car bust didn't please we had to walk
for help and I like I like broke it you
know like a heel and like how would you
fix it like you know it seems obvious
her elevator elevator doesn't reach her
penthouse oh so who is this guy again
was he oh hi beautiful
well I beautiful if you were with me you
wouldn't have to worry about an old any
old breakdown we'd be cruising in my
brand new Porsche and you wouldn't have
a care in the world this comedy section
is killing me
yeah besides if something did happen to
your heel I just sweep you up in these
muscular arms and carry you wherever you
wanted to go when your top-notch
physical specimen like me a little light
feather like you would be a breeze
you're sure not even this mental midget
would fall for a cornball line like that
mental midget jeez how romantic she
gushes what more could any girl one well
bachelor you're number one with me oh
Jesus Christ
so much for your theory Laurie what now
how about you bachelor number two she
asks you how would you solve this puzzle
okay Larry that's your cue you're on
Oh God fart should i type in farther tip
type in part oh my god no whoa oh well
regu gallery' prompt if barf we're
waiting for your answer
oh um well you stumble I don't know if I
pressed fart I typed in fart well who I
didn't pick jerk burger squeals what a
putz Oh Barbara attempts to assume an
intelligent expression how about you
bachelor number you know three now this
guy is a reporter so I'm gonna give him
an old-timey reporter voice bachelor
Barbie my deepest personal feelings are
that you are far too sexy for me to ever
allow you to leave my highly expensive
beachfront swinging bachelor apartment
you and I would spend all of our time
together alone sharing each other in
every way if you know what I mean how's
that far away with words Jesus what more
could any girl want you may be bachelor
number three on this program but you're
number one in my heart oh Jesus this is
painful it is do you think anyone's
still watching this tripe at least they
know it's maybe like this is the joke I
don't know maybe I want to see more
digital games
we need more digital boobs where our
they're digital there's a couple digital
boobs Barbara my opinion you just asked
one of our best questions ever says Biff
Murph now do you think you can come up
with another great question skips
captain once again Barbara burns off a
few million brain cells attempting to
rise to the occasion I mean now they're
just being mean
okay like thanks Biff you know says
Barbara actually number one like this
one's for you
like like it if you was a a you know
like like a bog and like I know you
you're a flower what what kind of you
know insect when you you'd be like and
and maps they need more maps
and I get it no I get it reference it
was a reference to a thing
remember the Miss Georgia lady oh that's
right
are they barber or the trave Barbara I'd
be a beautiful butterfly
you'd be my tender little buttercup
together we'd build a wonderful garden
of love at least his garden would be
well fertilized Jesus Christ
these jokes yeah I felt like there was a
lot more game in Space Quest like they
were jokes but there was a different
game it's made by a different person
same company but oh that's a writer yeah
like you are quite the charmer aren't
you number one she gushes I'd love to
sow a few seeds with you and to be fair
I have not played this with sure so
that's all right um okay
be if she says what's not like waste our
time asking L Dorko this question why of
course bachelor Barbara you must follow
the rules
okay for number two she says
sarcastically can you know like even
remember the question come on Larry
fire your best shot what kind of insects
am I am sure I'm a spider and you
stumble I'm a spider and you're my rose
like what plaintiff beam this spook down
nah I've heard better lines in a you
know nursing home what well bachelor
number three she says
I can't you know like wait to learn like
what insect are you and like what form
you know you know I spiders aren't
insects that was my problem spiders are
arachnids this games
sure well let me tell you here Bobby
doll you'd be my precious American
Beauty rose and I be your little
bumblebee I know you'd enjoy rubbing a
little of your pollen on my stinger it's
a show supply ant essence the tough part
is they know how rough this is yet they
keep on going with the game well number
three we certainly are the oversexed
little devil aren't we Barbara gushes TV
all right they're Energex Biff
I'm afraid that's all the time we ever a
few quick for questions today
bachelorette Barbie it's time for you to
make your dating connection help if it's
really difficult to choose both men are
really terrific always jokes isn't both
men but there's three men on the stage
you says both of us clearly you're not
even into consideration we're not in the
right something makes you feel the both
doesn't include you yes but I'm sure the
audience has already made this decision
yes this is Barbara and I've made my
decision you know to this look surprised
okay bachelor Jew it is but frankly
bachelor Barbara must admit I'm a little
surprised
Why What did he say bachelor number two
Barbara I think most of us expected ADA
Barbara I think most was expected a
different choice it says Biff Marvel
wait big shells Barbara
I wanted bachelor number three
I'm sorry Barbara Smith the rules
clearly state your first decision is
final
I think she says like I'm happy to buy
now what they've won
it's a cruise yes a romantic cruise of
the South Pacific on the beautiful USS
loved you'll spend a solid month
together exploring exotic ports of call
courtesy of wonder cruise lines remember
if it's a good cruise it's a wonder I
don't get and for our other contestants
why you lucky fellows have won a year
supply of Armadillo polish 20 cases of
black shoelace plus a copy of our home
game hey man there ain't no way I'm
spending no month on a boat with this
jerk shouts the delicate Bachelorette
Barbara look I want a chance to hit on
that number three guy I'm sure she's
really truly delighted folks is Biff
attempting to cover now come move it now
come on let's really hear it for our
lucky couple there's a good Snider
be sure to tune in tomorrow night same
time same station for the finest and
embarrassment programming the all-new
dating connection good
that's another line at the crown revoked
Larry please report to the bread room to
receive your prizes direction you can
just a fascinating yeah gosh Larry what
good luck you have winning a fun-filled
month-long cruise with that lovely
Bachelorette Barbara Wow
I must admit that none of us in the
controls like Beck did you win I'm sure
you're not proud of the outcome but
rules are rules
I suppose
here's your cruel sick ticket all of us
here at the dating panic young with you
the best of luck they still make these
we all needed really oh my goodness
there was a there was a Leisure Suit
Larry reboot like in here in the Xbox
yeah there was like an attempt to make
like a 3d animated okay I know I don't
know when I was in college my roommate
had a Leisure Suit Larry game so I don't
know me and oh is that one yeah
was it three indie I don't know I never
saw it
did you okay we now have a luxury cruise
line ticket can you open the sit the
bench again I'll sit on this side of the
bench
sit on bench okay so yeah probably I
needed like I need to like sit on the
certain side of the bench is the puzzle
for this one oh yeah i sat on that side
so I got a cruise ticket which I
probably needed for some sort of thing
later I can only assume somebody's
saying safe
oh god it's too late no wait no it's not
no this game is bad
yes I agree you should be embarrassed if
you bought this slightly there we go
that slightly embarrassed listen we said
well you're gonna you wanted another
adventure game we're playing another
adventure game hey you Christ woman
where have you been we've been looking
all over for you I just won the date I
guess won the dating connection you
reply big deal
you were supposed to wait here now hurry
and follow me you two get on up this one
to the get down no I mean the other one
was fun we were on a space adventure
yeah we could we can turn this off and
start one of the different games but
let's give it if we give it another uh
it's good another half hour cuz I know
it's an even two hours we've got a space
question yeah yep
ladies and gentlemen we finally vadym
says the master of ceremonies yes we
found our last lucky a life lottery
contestant of this week's show and here
is now mr. Larry lover
yes mr. Alera
mr. a laugher we don't have time for our
normal introductory chitchat just step
right up to the wheel and give her a big
span okay
under his breath the MC and Mama she's
you hurry up laugher we're already
running late because we couldn't find
you okay
nervously you reach for the wheel
knowing full well that the pleasure of
America's 3d graphics animated adventure
game players are writing although what
but the pleasure of America's 3d graphic
animated adventure game players are
writing on the lock of your Pole because
they have perspective oh sure that's
funny oh he did it he did it he's won
the big one ladies and gentlemen Larry
laughs just for the largest prize in the
history of the lottery a million dollars
a year for life
holy motherfuck that's all
tons of a blog yeah come on over here
lucky Larry
here comes lovely Lana White the lucky
life lottery lady with Larry lappers
first years winnings the US Treasury
Department's first 1 million dollar bill
oh that's funny on behalf on behalf of
the lucky life lottery I'm pleased to
present you our grand prize 1 million
dollars oh well you know what she said
that cuz I gave her a line so you see
how much of a difference 1 million
dollars makes cuz phil davison chad is
now saying damn I kind of want to fuck
him out
hahahaha congratulations mr. lapper
you're the lucky man too bad we don't
have time for a speech that's great
someone again won't get my balance with
this is what there can't be anything
more than that right well that's here at
Gorham ladies and gentlemen mr. larry
line for the luckiest guy in Los Angeles
you know for the last hour we haven't
done any adventure gaming this game is
kind of been on the rails
ever since the greenroom you know you
really kind of annoying and even before
that there was just like nothing - yeah
we're explore anything I'm not most
exploration but there just wasn't much
you can do figure yeah I don't think so
that's again control room talks back
girls oh good throws it all the world
that's good enough for who it's for mr.
mr. laughs fair pre will please exit
through the door to the left there will
be plenty of reporters and photographs
waiting for you
photographer is waiting for you yeah
also like I haven't need something
needed to walk anywhere it walks really
yeah I'm not liking this one gee Larry
if things are finally beginning to go
your way first you win a month-long
ocean voyage with a lovely Bachelorette
and now you now you win the biggest
lottery prize in history
something tells you this is too good to
last probably I mean they also didn't
give you a million dollar bill yeah
instead of like a jacker getting your
bank account information can I go back
to the green room and like talk to that
lady and be like I have a million
dollars now sure thing it's like I'm
gonna go back and talk to the
Bachelorette and be like why not no I
want to talk to that backstory I'd be
like okay I'm a millionaire now will you
go on the cruise with me and she'll be
like fuck yeah I will
I'll also get on your dues
philately no fear no envy says is this
what it's like watching those horrible
best of the worst movies
kind of yeah you know oh oh
big blonde and beautiful you say my name
is Larry are you okay fuck it
where's all the reporters and
photographers and photographs I have a
million dollars
I got a billion dollars I got a million
dollars oh shit I'm gonna buy soda well
no we need it and we need a million and
$5 Oh million in five to buy the suit we
want to be sued I want to say like she
was a million in five before I did say I
be something to do you think that's
might be a referee cause it mentioned
that there's not a passport in there and
so I wonder if that's a reference to the
first leaders you're probably gonna need
a passport for the book there's a doc
and we won a cruise so we're probably
gonna need a suit sure folks and we're
probably gonna need a passport
I kind of do expect a passport alright
somebody says look in the hole on the
wall in the fence look at the fence okay
I should probably save probably I should
probably save what are we on Oh five
ah look at fence there's nothing
interesting about that fence unless you
find that Knothole interesting you bend
over and peer through the knothole in
the fence on the other side you see
people playing police quest how do you
wish you were one of them yeah that's my
please quite good I have it it's
installed I think is that the game's way
of telling you like yes we know you
should probably be playing something
else right now because this sucks
I think we love the Sarah adventure
games - hmm this one's not doing it for
me yeah yeah dude to do do to do to do
to do to do to to do do we want to go do
I want to go to the dress shop now well
that stuff has happened so we should
look around and see if there's like oh I
have a rank of dim bulb oh now no no
druggist yet we need to find that
clothes shop again where was that rich
tell Jack to look in the dumpster twice
in a row all right everybody hold on
gotta go past the scurvy dog the
dumpster over here
where was that damn could be quickly it
winds its irreverent white nothing close
late what are you get in there twice a
row and nothing happened you don't need
it okay wait it's not yours to drop one
dumpster fuck dumpsters my favorite band
is it yeah would you go see a band
called fuck dumpster I I have it's my
favorite band I just said so the
question for the chat is like assuming
you you have no idea what they sound
like you just saw in your local paper or
in your local internet provider yes that
the band fuck dumpster is coming to a
local venue sound unheard would you go
see fuck dumpster I might the
appropriate answer is absolutely
who wouldn't want to see a band called
fuck dumpster okay we cannot fuck who
dumpster also there's nothing in the
dumpster so whoever told us to check
twice was lying to us yes
you damn liar damn lying liar who lies I
have a million dollars now yeah no way I
know I want to find the dress shops or
the suit the city boot wears the suit
boom
well we probably need the haircut - yeah
but I need a million in five dollars
five million five just have 1 billion
exactly so I don't want to spend any of
it well we're going to find more
apparently at some point you're crazy
I think we're gonna we're gonna find
five dollars in the street somewhere in
the dumpster I need to stop walking in
the street I don't want a car to come by
and hit me where the fuck am i I want to
go to the amusement park I want to go to
the bemusement park oh come now baby
nope get the fuck out of here yeah yeah
go Larry go no not that way do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do it's it's very weird that this
game like you just win a million dollars
and that's like the beginning of the
game yeah game over that was terrible
sorry box see that's bringing as I felt
pretty good about that I don't know
where the dress shop is which
okay I want to go to the scurvy dog
saloon by there's drunk sitting there
I'm gonna assume it's something I will
have to call the scurvy dog saloon they
might be down that's obviously not gonna
Brown her go down go left
I'm not through the bushes oh yeah try
that yes us to jam we're sticking this
out why cuz you know I think it's
important to give things a fair shake
ask fuck we're back we're back at lady's
house get out of here ladies
okay gotta find the suit shop don't find
them soon shop superjump gotta find the
suit jump suit jump up go to fenders
have a perfect they're giving you too
much map with too little to do yeah I
think we can go to the park we're gonna
find out why aren't we playing Grim
Fandango because Jack wants to enjoy
that on the song hey look at how did the
Derby yeah I want to play Grim Fandango
my own no offence chat I want to want to
enjoy that game at my own pace
Jason working is an update on space cup
everyone just now three seconds closer
to being done that was my day nice the
overpriced but at least it's gaudy
that's literally three seconds to isn't
it yep is that all you did all day no I
did a couple other little effect shots
but that was the bulk of it that was
about six hours of work for three
seconds it looks great it turned out
well then it's time consuming
there's a sale sign on the rear wall
okay so they want me to go to the rear
wall hang swimsuits
oh look swimsuits Bryce wait a minute
these suits are marked down to Half
Price
only 100 thousand dollars with your
newfound wealth you could afford that
little blue bikini job hanging there
okay I think that sounds like a hint is
that what I'm supposed to do apparently
by bikini yeah
what presently my swimsuit instead of
beginning you might be confusing about
words that it doesn't know what they
mean
take the swimsuit to the counter what
why is your hand there there's something
going on with that hand yes hold on pick
use like a reasonably tight spandex job
and blue although it's cut is a little
tight perhaps that may work in your
advantage on the ship in fact this may
be the beginning of a whole new image
for you Larry yes that's what I was
supposed to pick up the suit I'm sorry
I'm sorry I'm only allowed to accept
purchases across the counter oh yeah
excuse me miss you say hesitantly do you
have change for a million Bella bueno
but of course this is that the treeview
little clearance item all your oh is
that is trivial it the clearance item
all you are going to purchase today
that's a hint oh yes ma'am I've only got
a million on me oh okay because it suits
a million five alright that will be how
one hundred and six thousand five
hundred including taxa your change is
eight hundred and ninety-three thousand
five hundred I do a great Italian it's
something that
that's a $100 $400 $500 down Sam don't
count me more I'd have that one before
my ship leaves very well Lissa she
concludes have a nice a day you're right
I am dangerously close to Professor
Frink territory who is himself
dangerously close to Jerry Lewis
territory your pocket you pocket your
now gigantic wad of $100 bills we did it
oh we are now a kumquat that is our rank
oh so I guess we can go buy a soda
should we go buy a soda we got a spare
might that ring on her finger there's
something weird right there's like it
her hand is there let's go talk to that
lady again
I agree see I think now we're getting to
the game I think that was just like a
long interlude a long opening sequence
that was very long
yes back do you say look at ring
maybe it's cuz she doesn't have her hand
out yet walk back by the suit since when
she put her hand up right by the
swimsuits when you were back there oh
yeah okay look now try looking right
oh maybe that's just a signifier that
she's married even though that's the
wrong hand yeah but what does why is
that important just question so we know
not to hate on her really I said well
here's the thing it's the wrong hand so
it doesn't matter if we just let you hit
on her and fill the fact that there's
even show it that it seems showing that
right is unusual she'd means there's
something with that ask about husband
hey my little Latino Bambino you say if
I told you I know I'm probably wealthy
I'm sure to endear yourself instantly to
her with that pseudo bilingualism
oh she defies how many shipping lines do
you own
ouch
thank you see ask about husband husband
okay
say asked about I'll wait so she puts
her maybe it's something to come back to
later I don't know it just seems odd
it's it's it's such a weird thing to do
that there has to be more to it by ring
ring ring we tried to ask about Wrangler
oh maybe maybe that's yeah we try to ask
for ring maybe that's just something we
come back to later maybe maybe someone
will say I need a ring before I can go
all the way yeah okay okay all right
okay all right listen we're a kumquat
now we will figure this out come quiet
yeah but why what does that mean
Sid you see the score 70 100 50 that
kind of just gives you an indicator of
how far you are in the game and so you
rank up and I think it's just as
humorous don't you get a date I don't
get it what the fuck indeed ghosts and
ghosts and goblins thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
did you play ghosts and goblins or
ghouls and ghosts also I like Mac smoke
goes to glory that one that's why I want
to stream at some point the winner okay
I want to buy a soda do buy that sort of
buy soda grab soda get soda take soda
grab drink take
use soda dispenser for that use soda
days Ben sir I can't spell use soda okay
cut that large might take a long time to
fill oh god there's a gigantic cup in
there yes yes I I did play maximum air
moves in its forever to fill it's
probably the most underrated brawler of
all time platformer slash brawler what
but merely an incredible simulation
you decide to put it in your pocket
along with everything else like oh my
god what it's an inventory joke cause
you frequently in these games you carry
about things you're carrying around so
much shit you wouldn't be able do it
that's a funny joke okay
here's a hundred dollar bill you offer
ok pod this is the clip too bad we don't
keep any change at this time of night
mud is broad daylight you're just have a
nice day okay yeah we got the soda oh
let's see here there is so we got the
soda we got the lottery ticket so we
still have the ticket huh we shall have
the ticket well we have okay cruise
ticket swimsuit whattodo grotesque gulp
grotesque gulp oh maybe we can give that
to the to the to the drunks really okay
alright okay watch it watch me say I
don't know should I or should I drink it
should I drink some soda save before you
do which the case you're right
I should do that
what are we out of 606 three suit Larry
Oh sexy I think now we're finally
starting to get into some of the game
the stuff of the game so I'm glad we
waited no cut so you're enjoying it more
now well you know now we're doing yes I
agree I agree that's that's paramount to
any game is playing the game part of the
ball alien isolation oh hey I can get a
haircut now let's get a haircut
sick how about a quick styling a woman's
seer but of course replies Barbara allow
me to correct that receding hairline of
yours with my patented special
proprietary technique macrobiotic
styling reweaving just sit in the chair
my French man has turned Italian okay
hey whit Monsieur Oh boobs on the wall
yeah here's some pics of boobs
take a look inappropriate for a
barbershop well it's a sexy barbershop
take a look in the mirror and remembered
what you look like when I'm done you
won't be able to recognize your own
airline why you'll be a different man Oh
Jack when I'm at the barbershop I wish I
could look at boobs on the walls yeah
this is a this is a revolution you think
to yourself yeah this is exactly what I
need a new look I'll make Bachelorette
Barbie tune okay go for it okay go for
it and and allow me to begin that with
the thorough cleansing to rinse your
hair and scalp of any possible
pollutants I assure you I only use the
trendiest products all organically grown
and available only an undersized
overpriced biodegradable bottles now
you're getting a Mexican yeah I just
want to season you're like Erika you
wonder you to yourself what will I look
like when he's done
will I be handsome will I ever find it
true love
probably not Oh
oh maybe I look like that is that what's
happening it's gonna be a joke that's
what you're picturing his haircut and
change his face right that's what you're
picturing and oh oh make it beat running
what were they this was the haircut just
got home I don't know panos you
You certainly have interesting daydreams
says the barber what the fuck is that
it's the dog peeing I was like from
beginning of the game it's a flashback
Oh what how can you tell it was a dog
and peeing on his life that's a little
string Oh your hair is clean and
condition now for my special styling
let's check what you get back together
man Oh a future may I recommend 10 W 40
and no more than 3,000 miles between oil
changes I was I went German
I want to get the whole game Peter Lorre
is all done since the barber take a look
in this mirror what do you think okay
okay get in yeah that's funny
oh well you can't judge a book by it's
cover
muah-muah
that'll be fine see exactly how could I
you know I was I was getting off a
macrobiotic styling by the price
but the prize right the prize that's
Italian he's French that'll be that'll
be a hundred bucks you know yes you're
way off man thanks I guess have a nice
day
have a nice day I was better okay well
we're now up to 82 points I think we're
winning yes these jokes are bad Jen the
Leisure Suit Larry don't yes these are
terrible terrible Jim there is no Space
Quest no this is no Space Quest well at
least in space Christ we were also like
firing lasers and seeing alien yes
Space Quest is fun okay Olin let's talk
to these drunks hey drunk talk too drunk
hey drunk talk to guy it's no need these
guys do God here uh let's say if I'm
gonna try to give him my soda okay so
Chad how how was my Peter Lorre did you
all approve I can also do a pretty mean
Jimmy Stewart
George you have no reason to do that pic
guy this game isn't as funny as the
other research suit larry games it's
more of an outlier in the series since
they tried to do a weird type of story
okay okay oh this bar is off limits okay
this bar is off limits rich let's check
this guy wake up why bother
all right apparently this place is off
limits
these are just window dressings this
isn't a game at all
how do we get to that we know so don't
know how to get to the ship yet well man
Jimmy Stewart like he's like he's doing
a Western I'm I'm not entirely sure
he'll I wouldn't sound oh my god
he's my Jimmy Stewart's office game
today I used to be a lot better at it
wha what I used to be a I just feel a
lot better on it
I trust me I did Jimmy Joe's short I
gotta say Jimmy Stewart his name what
kind of kind of center's avoid dodge
like well I say Jimmy Stewart anything
like you need a line from like It's a
Wonderful Life
yeah that's probably what I need that
help that helps
santé Lightman I don't know what to do
next
I can't get to the ship I can see the
ship it's by the seashore
oh that's right this thing this place
hey no no let's go it's kind of lame
that it just opens what you've done the
appropriate number of things yeah no
puzzle aspect to that that's kind of its
kind of like invisible Walter yeah
I'm not I'm not liking the Leisure Suit
Larry - I love Sierra adventure guys I'm
sorry I'm sad that this is the last part
one I haven't played I kind of don't
like it I'm sad that I'm I'm sad ye old
ethnomusicology shop is filled with
unusual instruments from the four
corners my instrument of the world hey
wonder which ethnic subculture makes the
most extensive use of electric
amplifiers and drum sets rich can you do
a jack in person I've been doing it all
night jack isn't here today
see it's not good look look at the gams
on end look at the gams on that mom or
Duke no way mama dukes a dog I beautiful
you attempt to lay a little smooth mouth
on the lovely landlady
my name is Larry Larry laugher buenas
Dias senior doses and available oh no
last an article tacos oh my god
everything is a stereotype for this kid
yeah welcome to 1988 suddenly she smiles
broadly as if she recognizes you her
smile makes you glad you took Spanish in
high school too bad you slept through it
buggabugga
wow what the heck you decided to brush
the dust off your Spanish by attempting
a conversation with his lovely seniorita
perhaps you could begin by complimenting
her on our extremely good looks al pesto
LaGuerta say sperm Oh boobie toes your
ears remind me of will breasts
her face brightens further she seems
genuinely interested in you your Spanish
you must not be so bad after all
si se la Luna el gross at poopy doggie
la Bambino Allah seniorita
rep poor PTO's yes but the moon is full
and you are a chihuahua crow yes thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true you've been with us for the
past six months you've been with us for
the past five months I tried to read
that from far away I think it's time for
an eye exam whoa speaking is one thing
but understanding is another her
response baffles you completely you have
no idea what she means of course that
never stopped you before al pence a low
as tubular Reggie toe I'm a real Oh you
tell her my pencil is long hard and
yellow oh my god el hombre de la nostra
data esta majora signal a lay we toda
stupid Oh Santa is Lee seniorita Charma
so you're finally here I thought you
would never show up by the way who
writes these secret phrases anyway jack
we've just stumbled we've just stumbled
into a spy story yay finally things are
happening we have accidentally sent the
code phrase nice
it's too bad like we actually didn't do
I know
see like normally in a game like this
you would find like a piece of paper
with a code phrase on it yeah that'd be
great that'd be fun this is a puzzle to
solve this is basically a cutscene that
I have to hit enter to me yeah
I'm almost done with this job we oh no
it's not back we can't be I'm fine with
that the microfiche containing the
secrets to the recent United States
superconductor research breakthrough is
hidden inside this rare Peruvian on
clock don't let anyone touch it before
you personally deliver it to dr. Newton
key and I don't need to tell you to be
careful he and he alone has the
authority to deliver this to the USSR
agents Thank You Jackie got the name
wrong doctor no new key no Nicky
that would be Leisure Suit Larry
arch-nemesis one day doctor no doctor no
no key you wanna bet it's a beautiful
woman so she's a Russian spy rich okay
muchos Gracias seniorita people seem to
like the idea of you not playing this
anymore yes it is do we do a different
adventure game it would do something
different entirely let's just get out of
this doctor no new key is what John John
B 820 is saying Oh their resume I was
gonna take a picture of our new key
collection cuz it's been we've added a
lot to it I need to do that at some
point do you want to show them the space
on the shelf next to it so they know how
many more we need no well they already
know how many more we need just a couple
more I think three three more three we
discussed this last time and we got one
in the meantime work yeah more in read
we have it okay so we're done with this
game so the to answer your question of
water here whether we play this or
another adventure game or something else
somewhere close to four total hours I'm
down with that
I don't know I don't know you know what
I do want to take a moment to talk about
yeah remember the other day before we'd
like play a new game or whatever which
might involve me concentrating remember
the other week we were talking about me
generally not being disappointed with
the Fantastic Four trailer just like oh
it was fine and I have no hard feelings
that are strong feelings either way all
right sure I saw a trailer today that
reminded me what disappointment is it's
the daredevil TV trailer I haven't seen
that Anderson it's really disappointing
yeah it just looks uninteresting and it
doesn't show you anything good the suit
looks dumb what's kind of dumb no I was
disappointed by the trailer which of
course doesn't mean anything really and
then I thought to myself this is what it
feels like disappointed by something I'm
reminded this is what it feels like to
be disappointed everyday something every
day does it the Jurassic world trailer
yeah every day there's something to
remind you that you're just going to be
disappointed yeah except for the Mad Max
trailers whoa those are the best the
fond of Mad Max and those trailers look
fun it's still just gonna be a dumb
action movie with a guy who's called Mad
Max that's okay it's not like I don't
like when I think of Mad Max it's not
like oh that rule belongs to Mel Gibson
like I don't have strong feelings about
him where is the actor just stop the
movie it's the actions gonna be larger
and more over-the-top
that's okay I the original movies the
actions don't mean two on the top yeah I
like the setting of mainly the the
second one that's the only one that's
really loved but nice style and I love
that don't look of that universe Oh
Charlize Theron futuristic tech know if
you look at it it's made of like
wrenches and shit like it's made of like
junk which i think is neat
I'm excited does it actually move on its
own I don't know okay we could loses on
the train
I just know that there's like a wrench
on there and I think that's cool be down
with the cool this Ridge alright man
Max's style over substance it's awesome
post-apocalyptic future cars Phillip and
over on dirt roads future cars flip it
over and that's just a bunch of cool
shit I might hang with that for Mad Max
I hope they properly conveyed that I
think they will I mean it's the same guy
than me the other one oh yeah he's just
he was directing it yeah oh yeah that's
the same guy that created Mad Max okay
first three movies so get on the trolley
rich he also directed happy feet so
maybe a dancing penguin will show up
somewhere I'm sorry directed happy for
you the guy who made Mad Max movies did
happy feet you see and happy feet I
haven't seen any awful it's worse than
awful oh really
yeah Wow unbearable okay on what's the
matter I didn't variable an hour into
the movie a new movie starts oh it was
really late huh are you looking at what
games you yeah are we screaming you
looking at your games right now I think
I turned it off okay yeah you did great
um Rich's looking at what games he has
Lego Marvel Super Heroes that would be a
stark contrast magic magic huh mercenary
Kings Metal Gear Rising revengeance
revengeance that's not a that's not a
universe but it's a good crazy action
game oh okay yeah that's just not a word
revengeance um
quake for that beef I mean you know sure
rogue legacy if you want to shank shank
doesn't require many brain cells sure
nothing matters and everything's cool
anything is possible I don't know what
I'm in the mood for are you and the boy
you only put for anything
am I in the mood for anything oh yeah
if I'm gonna play something it's gonna
be something I've never played before
because I'm what are you doing what do I
got that you like here oh I like being
surprised see why we just to pick a game
for you that's wrong listed in there
somewhere
play a trying game what was that Tron
game I don't know I just want to point
out what's that that's that first person
you shooter with Tron you do three oh
you just throw your disc though is that
like and there are blocks
let's go game yeah yeah that doesn't
sound like what I would want in a Tron
game though what do you want from him
you want a light cycle oh good you know
what we could play the light cycle
portion there's a separate there's a
separate light cycle oh really
thing for Tron yeah we'll play light
cycles Jay Jay will play light cycles
play light cycles yeah I'll think right
when we come back Jay will play light
cycles
I'm putting us some pause

[Part III]
we're back we're back to life from the
dead not being around the stream and and
we wanted to say I think they're on a
big thank you to rev Browns balls thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it also Lucky Strikes has a recent crime
for the past three months and Thank You
Lucky Strikes
I mean it's not a it's out of the way
okay just wanted to make sure before I
didn't either rich has been setting up
double trauma 2.0 killer app so Jay
could play with light cycles some reason
I don't see a way to get the joystick
buttons you could figure to the light
cycle controls I don't have time to
figure it out so oh that's why I'm
saying game alright yeah I was gonna say
should have showed up but now yeah
basically rich is ruining everything
okay
thankee alright we're just ruining so I
mean I'm gonna you're gonna steer that's
all I'm doing here erasing anybody
that's one right now
the camera but higher or lower Oh God
you know the next monkey review that the
daredevil trailer looks fine like it's
an overall trailer but I have come to
expect a certain amount of camel feet
thank you for subscribing I've come to
expect a certain amount of awesome to
come out of Marvel Studios and I know
this is a series a Netflix original
series so the budgets gonna be a little
cut but I wanted uh some a little bit
more Mandrake was here thank you for
subscribing Wow we very much appreciate
it
this is gonna be a plane is this on
that's fine that's fine
I want to live in the Tron world okay
somebody turns out the computer and
you're basically dead oh my god I can't
don't easy this for hard drive to break
you live in the film the Troma world was
on its own server we learned that from
Tron Legacy oh well sorry Mandrake was
here if you subscribed an hour ago I
just got the notification he was in the
Jeff Bridges was stuck in the Tron world
for like 30 years or not over 20 years
oh I think she pulled forward to speed
up and back to for the primary on the
other fuck this is complicated not
complicated but in the the way the
camera turns with you makes us tricky
it's not just like an overhead shot like
the old like the game of the movie sure
might be a setting for that Oh dick
neutral eye I actually kind of like the
the costume they have their devil and
now it's it's like the black version of
his daredevil costume with like the
cloth mask I really like the black
costume but like we didn't even see it
during the trailer we don't know you
know I don't I actually dislike
Daredevils red costume I think that
looks super lame I like his ninja pasty
guy so I do
to be fair Jack's blind he has no idea
what his costume looks like 100% 100%
it won't be is awesomeness the Ben
Affleck movie so I even bother trying
rights will there be a playground fight
with electro that's my number one
question got ya know I
I hope they stick with that black outfit
longer I like it because that's his like
ninja outfit and I think that's badass
outfit well
nice day you got more moves like jagger
it's true cuz he is slow moving
that is that a link is a link yeah kind
of like I'm not good at this maybe I
shouldn't live in the Tron world oh fuck
Oh incidentally if you're really close
to another wall you speed up oh yeah
rich yes so this is this is tell of us
apparently Billy Bob Thornton has made a
statement earlier today so one who the
fuck cares that statement just a general
statement well someone that said do you
agree with the statement Billy Bob
Thornton and made earlier today that
video games have negatively influenced
the ways that Studios shoot their movies
and the choices for which productions go
into greenlight I would like to hear
more elaboration on the statement I
don't know I can't please does he think
video games have influenced movies I
think Billy Bob Thornton's a dickhead I
think he's a great actor but I do think
he's kind of a dick I'm willing to hear
what he has to say though about video
game yeah I would need some more
elaboration I can't imagine that a video
game would influence any production of a
movie yeah you have that skill but
technically you're not using a training
butters does any of the bubbles and
activate that no no all right
Sheils acquired yes okay it's the mouse
button so now I can I fly through this
now yes ma'am
fuck you Oh another works ones Jake oh
all right Oh Oh you have to do that yeah
yeah that's right if anything he got it
backwards like a movie release schedule
dictates when a video game will come out
that is a movie tie-in like I can't
imagine that like I can't imagine a
shield
you hit him not the wall you depressed
oh oh I okay I can't hit him directly
that's like I'll get the hang of this
someday probably not today Oh exact same
thing happened last time
huge huge a 81 just linked it to old a
new daredevil costumes I like that black
costume I think that's badass costume
and apparently daredevil in the black
costume was on an episode of Incredible
Hulk the Lou Ferrigno TV show okay
could be tear both eyes are one thank
you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
haha Jack what do you think about the
statement that Angelina Jolie is a
pretty lady um I have no strong feelings
about the physical appearance of
Angelina Jolie what you guys think about
Angelina Jolie yeah the lips look
freakish I had never thought her lips
were attractive I have never found her
attractive but I don't find her
unattractive yeah I would like if I were
to make a list of like like if I were to
make like a really classy list and title
it something like the top ten girls I
want a bang from Hollywood like you know
something like a really awesome list
like that I would not put her in Milan I
thought she was super hot and hackers
shut up way back in the day shut up
really yeah
in hackers I haven't seen that movie
since high school but I remember like
that was before she was anybody and I
was like this is a sexy lady you think I
haven't seen it since son he's called
that guy's stuck
who is the most attractive woman that is
ever better looking ooh oh my it's very
subjective of course yes forsenrp yeah
Jennifer Connelly
I've always thought she's here like do
you like Jennifer Connelly I love dark
hair
they have Jennifer Connelly all right
sure you know I've been I sake over yeah
that's fine one I really like that for
for anyone for anyone who's a Doctor Who
fan I really really like that Karen
Gillan oh yeah she's super cute we only
seen her in oculus I think let's see oh
no she's in guardians of the galaxy -
well yeah but in guardians she's you
know cover colored blue and has a shaved
head but yeah but as far as like what
she actually looks like I've only seen
oculus yeah yeah she's super cute I
really like how cute she is
I wouldn't I don't know if I'd call her
super hot though I have to find it a lot
of people will really like that Conway
rich tired and sad thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it oh the green
zones make you go really fast
the red ones slow you down yeah like I
didn't want to say Scarlett Johansson
just cuz that's so obvious but I mean
she's very she's a very but like she's
the attractive lady that everyone talks
about now so I was looking for outside
the box but obviously Scarlett Johansson
like jennifer connelly now or Jennifer
kind of label say no I haven't seen her
recently but certainly certainly no
Rockets here yes all right
I don't know if her face is falling all
up in recent years she's gone super
scrawny like scary skinny yeah if her
face is falling off as far as I know her
face is not oh no she's just gotten
really like scary skinny okay Hollywood
actresses and their their plastic
surgery doesn't always work out very
well
sure so her face Jo someone is wondering
if oculus is worth a watch they keep
saying uh you know what I really liked
oculus I think it got kind of mixed
reviews it's not a perfect movie but I
thought it was it's really like simple
and straightforward and it does a lot of
what we attempted to do with our movies
in recovery goddammit um which is
towards the end of our movie we have it
where it's just constantly cutting back
and forth between the past and the
present does that like really
effectively Karen Gilliam Gilligan
what's-her-name going she's really good
um I think it's worth while it's on
Netflix now so it's free if you have
Netflix yeah I think it's worth their
time that's oh that yeah then the
question is just is it worth your time I
think so okay they go strong it's not a
perfect movie but I thought it was
pretty interesting just in its
simplicity mm-hmm
I'm sorry Emery I don't know who those
ladies are guys they're asking what do
you think of Sasha Grey or Lisa and oh
shit I do grana was a porn star now
she's trying to do with Egypt stuff
because of the Steven Soderbergh film
the girlfriends experience she was in
the ok stage yeah maybe if she was a
successful porn star I can only assume
she's attractive so I'll say go for it
she wasn't something else recently
mm-hmm I know she was in the the
Soderbergh movie yeah and at least one
other thing yes Karen Gillan is the blue
cybernetic chick in guardians of the
galaxy she was also the doctors
companion for a couple seasons for the
Matt Smith seasons of Doctor Who she was
also in a BBC produced movie about a
model and photographer that was pretty
bad and apparently innocuous she was on
a comedy thing reasoning as well oh she
had a sitcom that lasted like like a
three god damn it I'm trying to talk
about cute ladies while they play Tron
know she had like us like a network
sitcom and the gun can right away oh
that's rain that apparently wasn't that
bad
I don't know it but guy can't knowing
she also is I'm like two episodes of
that Paul Scheer like NST oh yeah oh
guys here's the billy-bob quote already
we're living in a time when we're making
in my humble opinion the worst movies in
history they're geared towards the
video-game-playing generation and these
video games which I'm on my son about
constantly these games are people
killing for fun and I think
traditionally in movies there's always
been some kind of lesson in violent
movies
what was the lesson in die hard
yeah don't die so soft
yeah no it sounds more like it sounds
more like he's just kind of out of touch
I mean I would agree that a lot of
modern action movies suck but it sounds
like Billy Bob Thornton might be a
cranky old man he sounds a little home
town markup thank you for subscribing
for the past six months now thank you
well you watch less ah speaking of
actually good action movies John wick
with Keanu Reeves I've heard great
things it's really fucking good as far
as an action movie and it's like not a
great movie but like the action it is
really well done cuz I ate like the the
close-up shaky-cam quit cutting and this
is like nice wide shots you see the
fight choreography the house of creative
fight scenes yeah really really solid
action movie that's good you actually
care about him as a character that's
great yeah I like that yeah it's it's
pretty good okay I hear I hear they're
they're already talking sequel oh why
didn't I don't even know if it was a hit
it was I guess I'm talking see going on
there's no reason to make a sequel the
stories told yeah what he's fighting for
in that movie is that like that's the
movie like I don't want to see another
movie with him beating people up this is
motivation in it is like perfect that's
great I've been you know I keep seeing
that come up on unstuff and is like I
should I should watch that I think I
would say
worth watching you heard it here
marvelous and John wick
come on worth watching oh they're saying
even I would understand the motivation
of John wick oh do they repeat it like
every ten minutes cuz you know I need
that they there's one scene where he
gets really upset and he kind of spells
it out a little more than the movie
needed to okay keep coming get on the
surface
he's fighting these guys because they
killed his dog oh but that's just on the
surface oh well the dog represents which
is pretty apparent no then they have a
scene where he has to directly explain
gotten what the dog represents this is
just in case anyone is really dumb
gotcha no I was gonna turn you then turn
again yeah I'm not good at this yes
we've all seen every 90s commercial ever
and enjoyed it
oh god yeah it's great yeah it was funny
I I put a link to it in the beginning of
the chat
oh yeah that's where we started yeah
fragment performance Jake oh but uh yeah
every nineties come here summer funny
stuff different area sure those uh
whatever those rocket jump guy is a good
stuff I no idea there that's that
Freddie way I don't know that is he did
it's a pretty famous youtuber Freddie
Boop okay he does video game things you
might not know you you might not know
pretty Wang you're right not Freddie
wooo Freddie wooo is the oh my god I
apologize to Freddie Wong who's not
listening to this
because on his YouTube channel his
YouTube channel just used to be Freddie
W and so I apologize profusely so no one
in particular
so it's too quick beyond it's really
quick yeah beyond infinite I have an
answer for your question again infinite
asks honest question what will happen if
boyhood wins best got best Oscar yeah
yeah the answer is absolutely fucking
nothing the world will keep turning
people will forget about it next year
what you know name the movies that have
won Best Picture last for the last ten
years I bet you can only name a couple
of them shit James shit was not shit was
that one shit did you love them I'll
worship yeah but was the most impressive
building us a bar the 21st century yes
of course like important movie ever made
like like who who's still talking about
the artists but that's I've mentioned
that no shit I'm stuck I mentioned that
honor let's tap on the back ever so oh
yeah like that was the huge movie that
year nobody talks about it anymore
yep guess what people two years from now
no one will remember what boyhood is
this is a very true thing
one year Julia Roberts won Best Actress
over Ellen Burstyn Ellen Burson's
performance in requiem for a dream which
is an amazing performance Julia Roberts
won for Erin Brockovich who cares
yeah the Oscars oh there you go someone
is saying remember crash meaning oh yeah
crash yeah that's another one that was
like biggest speaking French I think we
crashed I crashed in the game and then
we crashed did everything crash
everything crashed
are we still streaming I'm not sure I
think we're still open maybe not they
did so bad try again um if someone else
wants to play something they can I'm
having fun but I know I'm terrible if
you're fun I don't I don't give a shit
okay well I think we're back on now
let's go back to the newbie zone okay
that sounds like a great idea you guys
so we were talking about crash and the
computer crashed
yes I would have the computer Tron -
killer app crashed it's kind of kind of
spooky we can hear your great
we're back here again everybody
exam no damn it this game oh my god oh
my god oh we never went that great
I'm so sorry everybody although I don't
know what the Nuzlocke challenge is
you'll have to explain that to me it's a
Pokemon thing apparently now I don't
know I don't know what the Nuzlocke
challenge is so explain what that is and
I'll tell you if I would ever consider
doing that for a prereq stream you
should it's a good easy baccala so great
we're gonna be killed we're gonna go
come on rich
you see in the top in the top left-hand
corner it shows all the bikes that are
not won by default my magic triangle
circle thing here paul blart plow plots
thank you for subscribing say that one
paul Blart
paul clark paul paul paul blart mall
what is it
paul war yeah Paul well now he just got
me killed so so far I would have killed
myself paul blart mall Paul Clark
perfect thanks for cooking perfect ok
Nuzlocke challenge
oh my guises they're so fast yeah you
Orion Lexus for this shit
yeah a Pokemon that faint is considered
dead and must be released that's nice
only catch the first please there's no
second chances
oh yeah that's an interesting thing shit
that's an interesting challenges I've
you won't understand because but the
Nuzlocke Jam seems interesting the other
challenge that I've wanted to do or that
I have done personally in Pokemon is you
only get to catch six Pokemon so you
know of course there's hundreds of
Pokemon in every game but in order to
make the game harder for me I've given
myself a limit where I can only catch
six and no more and so there's no
swapping them out for Pokemon later
there's no like building them up and
just to fight one you can hold me catch
six the entire game toughest fuck yes we
will do a Pokemon stream of rich we'll
play pokemon it will be a great time
damn it I have not agreed to this it's
gonna happen and if he's not gonna do it
I'm gonna play pokemon while rich and
Jay talk about shit it's gonna be
awesome
that sounds great fucking love Pokemon I
have not played any of the new
generation of Pokemon which is upsetting
to me mostly
for yourself honestly you need to play
others Pokemon poké ball the Pope I need
to get a 3ds with a card that's why I
don't want to run away I want to kill
these guys why didn't your strategy of
hitting them head on
well that's not my strategy that's just
what happens what's happening miss mr.
glitchet doesn't make you a bad person
if you've never played a Pokemon game
there it certainly does not it just
means he hasn't played it hasn't played
it I would I'd recommend it just go
straight for its it's like a light to
our PG it's fun you see a cute little
monster thing like a good strategy
get to know what I heard there's a
button to see it up and slow down Itamar
source right end zone phenomena what
what's going on nothing these days doing
something with us pokedex J's doing
space cop visual effects on after thanks
you might be caught yes a ruse thank you
he's got a bit also neko Cola
thank you for subscribe these must be
people who want us to play pokemon no
problem oh my god excuse me I burped and
you might have heard that a lot of
subscriptions you're gonna be open this
is gonna take forever this guy I know
you're gonna drive around beyond
infinite says all these Pokemon games
are ruining movies get off my lawn I
agree I think I think she's saying like
dumbed down Hollywood movies and
thinking this video games movies are
really dumb I don't know that I would
blame video games cuz it started with
CGI in the 90s when video games were
hurry oh yeah
video game generation expects non-stop
explosions and then he said somebody's
seen his son play video game yeah so
it's probably just walked into his room
his like this is dumb Hollywood movies
are done I guess there's a correlation
right
yeah good thing that Billy Bob Thornton
is a good actor because otherwise he
would bug me more he's just a dickhead
he's kind of a dick all I can think of
is like a while back he was on huh he
was unlike like a Canadian Reno I saw
that yeah yeah with his band and someone
was like so you you act you're in a band
like how does how did he deal with doing
both of them and he just was a dick to
the guy yeah it was like he didn't want
to talk about movies or something right
isn't that what he had two previous ed
you should a sweet move you did you did
it I did it how do you think to do that
I saw him coming towards me so I reacted
I don't know if Jay can talk to you guys
more about possession he'd be delved
into it pretty deeply but Jay if you
would like to talk more about possession
possession is the best movie it's the
best movie ever and everybody should
watch it it's hard to find but it's it's
really really great I don't know what me
to say that I haven't already talked
about right he did a whole thing on it
convinced me I should watch it I'm
excited to see it everyone shows oh
that's right mr. glitched Billy Bob
Thornton was like would you ask Tom
Petty about his acting career no cuz
he's not an actor
using the postman yep actor Billy Bob
Thornton is a dancer an actor and he was
an actor first yeah
listen this might be common knowledge
but I just saw something about community
I thought was great
I've never I've never actually seen an
episode of community oh yeah I was
watching a clip on YouTube and
apparently the third time that they
mentioned beetlejuice oh yeah show yeah
in the background through a window
somebody dressed well that's fun yeah
yeah the name Beale Jesus said three
different times than when they say it
the third time it's Justin far in the
background it's not same episode either
is it is it different episodes or is it
the same as its I wanna say it's all in
the same episode
okay been a while I've seen other things
on the internet where it's like in the
beginning of a season you see like a
couple in the background get together
and then later on in the season you see
that same couple like getting married in
the background and then later on in the
season you see like that couple giving
birth in the Bears yeah there's lots of
background gags it's a smart show
sometimes maybe I'll watch one of these
days damn it he's going faster they're
saying that Alison Brie is real pretty
like yes yes I agree wholeheartedly Jay
got excited I like that Elsa know she is
very attractive and she's also super
funny know which makes her more attract
oh that was good yeah jonbi 820 damn it
if you're looking for some cool music
videos to watch one you should watch
turn down for what oh god yeah because
that's an amazing music video should
also look into we are water music video
directed by Eric Wareheim I forget what
the what the name of the band is but I
know the song is called we are water and
it's a fucking amazing music video
there's a there's a million a million
jillion great music videos out there
right
oh that's right she is in madmen as well
she's the wife in Mad Men Jay doesn't
watch madmen no no breeze on that - yeah
I do I just was putting it together I
was just putting it together do you want
your chair back oh I just need to sit
somewhere but there's no way for me to
get around no I was reminded speaking of
ladies yeah I was we watched a movie for
best of the worst recently but the next
best of the worst that had pj souls in
it there's a writing of how big of a
crush I had on PJ Souls in high school
cuz she was in the movie rock and roll
high school okay and she's like just so
energetic and perky in that movie I had
the biggest crush on her that in
Halloween she's one of the friends she's
one of the girls there's three of them
she's one of them okay she's the one
that dogs her boyfriends is I goes on to
get the beer and then comes back up into
Michael Myers with a sheet over him and
then he strangles her with the phone
line okay that's P Jesus okay be like
what PJ Zeus Peters is great if you
haven't seen rock and roll high school
you will fall in love with PJ soles
because of that movie and it's a fun
movie anyway have you ever seen it what
rock n roll high school no The Ramones
it's a fun movie even regardless of that
sure sure
no I know it's one of those I don't know
I don't like movies or music or books or
video games you know what I understand
fuck you jack I know I'm sorry I just
okay and I don't find ya how do we
decide what movies were gonna watch on
best of the worst we figure it out yeah
we look at like what have we done lately
um what happened we done lately what
movies do we have that fit the genre
that we haven't done lately yeah
recently we received a ton of a certain
genre of movie and you're like well we
got a bunch of these and they all look
great
so let's watch those for the next best
of worst and that's how it was done yeah
and we do have a big sheet of ideas for
episodes we haven't used any of them yet
but we haven't we we actually spent a
decent amount of time like writing down
and coming up with a list of ideas that
we have since never used yeah but we can
use them if we don't have any other
ideas for like well we got that list
just look at the list oh yeah we'll do
try to find a theme yeah
that's right I only enjoyed a good wood
carving craftsmanship what Christmas
that's the only thing I enjoy wood
carving and the occasional ukulele solo
I was that true they made an unofficial
sequel to robot jacket the family global
robot students really know they made
there was a sequel called Robot Wars
okay but that was still stop-motion
robots what who said that unless they're
just thinking of another movie with
robots in it but the the sort of sequel
made by Charles ban in the same
production company was Robot Wars that's
super boring yeah but it knows that it's
not much from the robots digital artery
defend yourself tell me what move
yourself J says you're full of shit I'm
calling you out and if you don't defend
yourself he's gonna punch you in the
face oh yeah I said it Oh it's called
robo-warrior that has nothing to do with
robot jocks unofficial sequel so does
that just mean like it's also about it's
just another movie with giant robots
it's a Pacific Rim is an unofficial
sequel to a robot Johnson right they
stopped fighting each other to fight the
big monsters yes that's actually how the
yeah other people have also suggested a
worst of the best oh yeah well we were
talking about the other day there was a
couple movies surahs like these are -
they're B movies but they're probably
too good
yeah where it wouldn't be like funny or
painful to watch yeah so we might do
that oh wait I think we have two movies
in mind and we could easily find a third
comes from our suffering
yeah episode where we watch a good movie
gonna be a different thing and when we
accidentally watch a good movie that's
its own thing - yeah I never would like
Extro and thunderpants yeah extras three
I want to re-watch that - I haven't seen
it since then
SiC moves
she got moves like uh sure not like
jagger cuz he's an old man
uh sure good man I'm Adam Sandler best
of the worst no no we don't eat
ourselves that much oh I did I did want
to do like a UH like a 2014 budget flop
best of the worst hmm oh yeah we talked
about that where we watch you like
actual big Hollywood movies that just
did really poorly and yeah suffice but
again part of the charm is older movies
yeah more so I just want to see I
Frankenstein will do something we have
to do something with i Frankenstein
because I'm still curious to see it too
right don't you just want to know what's
going on
former SNL members best of the worst oh
that might be too bad yeah remember
something we've talked about a lot is
nothing is worse than failed comedy yes
nothing
by the way I can't get it to accept uh
one of the buttons on this controller he
is in it to win and he lost it no but he
was in it in order to use the power-ups
I need to click on the mouse button may
the best camera travel route that how
many copies of i Frankenstein do we need
I guess just ones one I know it's on
Netflix right now - it's really
something I can't my only problem is
usually you know like I only watch stuff
oh yeah I can't put her through that
yeah that's understandable
valera program fuck you we've kind of
done that yeah you can't do the watching
three movies at the same time thing
again yeah it was reserved for the right
free movies yes there would be no
purpose in doing it again not funny the
second time yeah there were a lot of
comments oh he put that video up though
they were like do these movies next it's
like now it's a one-off yeah there's no
reason to do it again it would be it
would be interesting educational you
know like how you guys are finding the
similarities and story structure so they
would it would be an interesting
educational piece fuck
also we don't want to die
thank you do that with the right that
made rich rethinking
yes resin did you ever see the matrix
equals yeah okay
I remember seen the second one in the
theater we went to a midnight showing of
it like first showing and everybody was
jazz and the movie starts you know the
opening logo comes up and everyone
breaks out an applause yeah yeah every
was so excited and then a Titan of like
that for the first opening action scene
there was some applause and there's a
bunch of boring dialogue and everyone
was quiet and then there's the fight
with all the Smiths in the the where
they yeah yeah yeah with all the Smiths
amends and there's like a tiny
smattering of applause and then it was
just dead silence for the rest of the
movie that was no that was too but yeah
and then it was like after that fight
everyone's like I guess I don't mind the
Matrix sequels that much they they are
their own thing I don't think I hate him
as much as a lot of other people but
that's also because I wasn't super into
the matrix to begin with right
I think it's good but I wasn't like you
know it wasn't like Star Wars to me here
the Lord of the Rings or something right
but they're still not very good no
there's tons and tons of stilted boring
dialogue yeah I liked what they were
trying to do story wise I thought it was
interesting you know storylines
but it was just so unnecessary
the matrix the matrix was its own
insular thing yeah yeah I really I
really did like the the Animatrix those
little short stories I never saw that
you know because there was just like
little pieces of the world yeah well
once you establish like at the end of
the first movie neo is Superman now yeah
like once you establish that guy
remember the Agent Smith fight at the
end he just flies away you're like why
was he fighting him to begin with he
could have float away in any moment
right just think this is all so
pointless now there's no there's no
weight to it ya know and then it's like
he can stop bullets midair right like
that's that's one of the first scenes
right he stops all the hundreds of
bullets and so then they kung fu fight
it's like why don't you stop their fists
or the sword they're swinging at you why
can you only stop bullets and nothing
else or just fly away or because you can
do this he's just fucking with them why
he's having fun
fucking he's having fun how can you tell
these I mean funny things it makes sense
it's it's it's it's a Sherlock Holmes
skill which you eliminate all other
possibilities when you're left with it
has to be the truth okay it's fucking
with them I agree mr. glitch the
Animatrix is the sequel the series
really you watch the first movie and
then watch the Animatrix and it just
gives you little chunks of the world
it's great Animatrix is really amazing
stories I've never seen I recommend that
high
the sequels are just so unnecessary
Richard much better at this than I am
yes Batman has Animatrix tight shorts no
John kilo link link me that would be
great
Nico : I am enjoying a lovely snack of
water
as you should know I usually don't snack
what I'm here because I have to drive
home and I'm a responsible adult Wow
it's true
I'm also a terrible terrible lightweight
if there's anything you need to know
about me is I can no longer hold my
boobs so if I have one I'm done for them
tonight
I know I have not seen black mirror yet
I'm so you gotta watch it I know no good
I'm talking weeks into it we're gonna
yeah
next next chance we can watch it there
you go can't wait to see that pig fucker
it's the first episode you're like
alright I guess this is where we're
going
thank you thank you already seen you li
almost
what are you saying
text it father twice over and I crossed
another pig fucker so what you're just
describing what happens on the show this
what I'm saying on the show they want to
make a guy fuck a pig right that's just
the premise when you prefer we say make
love I'm pretty sure that's not the case
have relations with the pig oh he's
gonna naughty that oh shit
no I'm not I'm not terribly excited for
the new season of Game of Thrones I I
mostly watch it because it's what my
wife likes to watch cuz she read the
books and as I've mentioned before if it
wasn't a long time I have to have to
have her tell me like oh this guy is
this and he's doing this how many books
are there supposed to be the six is
supposed to be supposedly not coming out
this year right what is the TV show do
when they catch up even if they manage
to dodge the bullet and catch up with
the sixth book in seventy you've gotta
take years of the six one two years oh
yeah he doesn't go for the show HBO will
catch up sooner or later
what do they do they just cancel the
show do they make up their own ending
take a weight that's make it way yeah if
I tell they don't have what if the
actors are doing other things
well actors are gonna weigh around or
they'll do what didn't when they were
filming the Potter the Harry Potter
movies the last book wasn't done yet and
I think like JK Rowling just like so
that girl is that what they did yeah
okay I don't know why I whispered this
is secret JK Rowling informed the
writers of her plans how they could get
an early start on drafts I believe
necro dance the night away what is this

[Part IV]
what I click that a link I shouldn't
click on links link yes is it related to
Pig fucking I have no idea
I'll tell her guys telegin I'm watching
that thing you're like I can only see
related to pig fucking because it's
called squeal fuckers
making a double feature at the
documentary about the guy who fucked a
horse what was that called again zoo
just Gazoo yeah it's called zoo I still
haven't seen mode
hey Jay yes have you seen the youtuber
every frame of painting
no I haven't but it's been brought to my
attention a lot lately so I guess I
should check it out I don't know if it's
just a guy that reviews movies that
probably won't be interested if it's
something different than that like
essays or something maybe every frame of
painting makes it sound like I don't
know maybe Oh does he paint picture
frames are you saying that J's frames
are ugly they are they're all black you
see that if you see the frames in the
best of the worst screams normal black
friends they're appropriate though for
the movies that they're framed well you
don't need anything more complicated
than a plain black frame for Hollywood
cop maybe you're just not trying hard
I'm not because I don't care oh and
someone else mentioned film critic Hulk
I've been linked to his articles I've
skimmed um
he seems intelligent I cannot get past
the all-caps thing I cannot read all
caps it hurts my brain because it's
short ya know he writes essays I guess
they're intelligent they're well liked
written there but I that's what I hear
anyway I can't read them yeah I guess
that's the gimmick is that it's Hulk but
he's being intelligent about movies but
he still refers to himself in the third
person and he types on caps and I I
can't get past that okay personally so I
don't understand why he needs a gimmick
but yeah whatever that's his thing is
that too long for you guys on the TV
how would I oh I say someone mentioned
Plinkett when I talked about a review
that's in a gimmick form but the Plinkett
reviews are comedic and I didn't from
what I skimmed of The Hulk stuff it's not
there's nothing like it's just written
like a normal person would write
something yeah like there's no jokes or
there's nothing related to and being
Hulk right from what I've seen I mean
maybe I'm wrong but well and while we
like the Plinkett character I could see
I could easily see someone not liking
the voice oh sure that happens all the
time yeah so maybe it's like that's the
case with me with the Hulk one but I
just don't see what the when the rest of
the writing is just completely normal
there's no jokes there's nothing related
to being Hulk I don't understand just
writing in all caps and saying you're
Hulk so it's possible I'm missing
something I haven't read enough to
really say if you just if you don't like
the character that he's writing in then
yeah that's part of it let's say and it
just hurts my eyes reading the all-caps
I just don't like doing it I think
that's fair enough why you gotta hate
Jake yeah I'm not my hater who was the
guy who made the crowdfunding for his
YouTube channel but never delivered on
his promise I'm sure a ton but you if
you're talking about Harry Knowles yeah
you might be specifically talking about
Harry Knowles he's made many jokes about
Harry domes cool news who apparently had
a large tax bill and then raised a bunch
of money for a YouTube show equal to
that large know the tax thing is
unrelated it's unrelated the fact that
right after reaching their Kickstarter
goal and getting the money the fact that
he bought a new car right after that I'm
sure that's unrelated to the fact that
he has not made that new thing
yeah it's been like two years he just
hasn't done it
teller god no I will not watch squeal
have you ever read any of Harry Knowles
writing no it's it's horrible it's like
a 12 year old yeah
yeah he's terrible writer I think he got
popular because there was no one else at
the time when that sight was coming up
there was no one I was doing that cool
inacol news yeah yeah no I I think I've
been to that website a couple times
didn't much care for yeah well it's
completely useless in this day and age
there's so many other places to get
information but it started that was the
place to go I remember even back in the
day not liking the site yeah I didn't
like the layout no yeah it's always been
ugly it's still ugly right Rick
Nick you bun Necco bun is how you
pronounce that neck Oh bud
oh you're a now you didn't subscribe
you're now hosting where's that mean I
don't know what that means neck abundant
hosting hosting life oh no it's this
neck o bun is now hosting you for two
viewers oh okay that's great knuckleball
what does that mean but we appreciate Oh
c-3po tato thank you for subscribing we
appreciate that
so the past two months now sweet CD
potato
apparently when someone is hosting us it
means that he is showing us on his
stream okay no great so he's streaming a
stream he's streaming her streams so
that he can have his own chat okay okay
okay wait for those losers that's what
he said
oh yeah he's like sir Sir hairy man fat
is is talking there sir Hilary man fat
is talking about showing people the Star
Wars reviews and loving people loving
the inside but hating the care
oh yeah that's pretty common yeah I mean
that's that's that's there right
what are what our favorite Milwaukee
restaurants besides Culver's and Taco
Bell Milwaukee has shit food that's not
true rich is a fucking liar rich has
never been anywhere in Milwaukee he has
no idea what he's talking about rich has
apparently never been to a restaurant in
Milwaukee we have amazing restroom you
really haven't you have no right to make
that claim rich though the places are in
downtown Milwaukee I don't know as much
about but local area around here well
this isn't missing are you sure we're in
the burbs man there's no restaurants
here there's Culver's and Taco Bell
exactly that's what you get no there's
lots of great look where I used to live
there were a ton of great dives dive I
call them dive independent fast-food
places grateful we're not talking about
fast-food places we're talking about
real places real food
I used to love ID I'm not there nearly
as much anymore but I used to love the
palomino in Bayview they redid
everything the food everything there is
made from scratch it's really good I'm
just not there much anymore I used to go
there all the time didn't they didn't
they change their food or something they
did they well they started making
everything from scratch they made it
more of a restaurant unless before it
was a bar that had food yeah now it's
more of a restaurant but the food's
great there it's still really great
called honey pie yeah amazing food great
burgers by default their burgers come
with an egg on top which attention they
also have they they employ something
like a dozen bakers and they just make
cupcakes and pies and high fives a
fantastic restaurant
there mac and cheese is barn bar none
but really if you go to high five you
get the pork fries oh yeah I have seen
you get those I don't think I've ever
had them is an appetizer I get it just
for myself four-day hand-cut french
fries wood pulled pork on top with
jalapenos cheese sauce bacon chunks not
bacon bits chunks of bacon oh god it's
the greatest have I mentioned that I was
a big fan of Jack I've never seen one of
these before what I don't know what bad
luck try again now oh well that's
terrible just took all my money and gave
me nothing oh great that's weird
if you're gonna move for pizza you get a
plastic slice and get a pizza Classics
likes the best classic slices the best
pizza if you want also the best pizza
you go to transfer which is also great
pizza
we have a million good restaurants
mostly in the Bay View Inn Road as that
is the restaurant district
yes my turds green poor cries are an
orgasm in a basket it's just the best
thing
have you been to Palomino since they
redid everything I happen actually no
I've meant that's good yeah yeah there
you know they had that they had kind of
good like I would call them before the
reboot could die
chair you know wait wait is this a
glitch oh no no there's no teleport out
uh oh that's gotta be a glitch right I
know or else you just have to wait until
the song guys that's helpful
RL Stein 69 thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it sir Hilary
man that says Jack I saw a video of you
with hair what the hell happened did
those guys stress you out to the point
where your hair fell out
absolutely absolutely
Oh 100% Jay Mike and rich yeah in
actuality I started losing my hair in
high school it started thinning right
out of high school like I was I didn't
lose it yeah but if anyone has seen the
the behind-the-scenes featurettes
feeding frenzy oh yeah you got long hair
in that that was and I had my big beard
at that point yeah that was my longest
hair and beard I looked great
yeah yet hair in the early best of the
worst yeah yeah and the first best the
worst I still had the crowd wow I don't
even remember that was before I was
shaving and I look weird huh I look back
on that man
I saw somebody asked it's gone now but I
think they've tried a few times ask
about David Lynch's dune have you ever
seen it yeah is that a petition of dune
no I've never seen it either I've seen
parts of it I've tried watching it
because I love David Lynch but I could
never get through the first like 15 20
minutes like I'm done I'm not getting
anything out of this I've never seen the
whole thing despite my love for David
Lynch not familiar with the source
material I never read the book I guess
the movies a mess anyway so it's never
felt the need to I tried watching it
just to see everything that he had done
but there's nothing in it for me so I
gave up
I tried washing when I was a kid but I
was a kid so I might be young well I
guess it's a mess anyway as far as an
adaptation goes yeah yeah yeah you know
what dude was before our time I think uh
I really eighties I was young 80s - I
remember I remember one of us up so it
was after yeah David Lynch had done
Eraserhead and then he got hooked up
with Mel Brooks and did Elephant Man and
it's like all right now you're in the
mainstream make a big movie so he made
doing it was like a horrible disaster I
was like fuck that I'm making blue
velvet I'm gonna be weird it perverted
oh that man is great dude came out in 82
I just born so I think it's later than
82 but early 80s anyway I'm good
it was then that was definitely before
my time I was too young for you sure so
then ya know I tried the first time I
tried watching it was in high school
because I was just starting to get in
David Lynch but I was like now I'm done
maybe I'll try watching it again it's
been like a decade you go give it one
more chance you never know
sure whatever if you haven't seen it
Chad
you should check out David Lynch talking
about being asked to direct return to
Jenna oh god it's so great it's on
YouTube and it's kind of amazing David
Lynch makes George Lucas sound like the
biggest fucking weirdo the David Lynch
State syringe and you seen this dick no
oh you've never seen it it's so good I
mean I just I think David Lynch is just
a fun storyteller in general when he's
just sitting there and talking about
things but yeah him talking about
meeting with George Lucas to direct
return of the jedis talking about George
Lucas and someone was someone was making
some generalizations about George
Lucas's career as relating to his wife
leaving him oh sure yeah and the only
thing you know like some of the things I
think out in the divorce was is the
properties like she didn't take that and
so he just kind of yeah there's
something weird going on there
psychologically and you know we will
ever know the full extent of it she was
such a major player in the re-edit of
the first Star Wars and she oh yeah
around for the pitching of Indiana Jones
and so I was like she was there for thx
she was there for American Graffiti so
maybe the talent that's been set before
it who are we then know for sure but
it's it's been son it was his wife
someone to bounce off oh sure
Barclay DC thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated if you divorce us
will be less without you we do see is
that a soccer thing it sounds like a
soccer dubious I wasn't shot
right what are your feelings on Dethklok
ah
like I like Metalocalypse yeah
is that a min alaq ellipse reference no
Beca I've never seen it that's good they
saw my I to us and mermaid er was on
their game mermaid or mermaid murder
it's part of the that's one of the
Metalocalypse socks it's it's own thing
it's different than home movies it's
it's it's own thing Metalocalypse is is
it is unique I just want them to hurry
up and finish it I was this so going Shh
Mabel Mabel that's a great question rich
I will ask this to you continue I wonder
if you could own one arcade cabinet rich
this background which fine I would be it
would be a tough decision for me I what
I would really want is the sixth player
x-men arcade cabinet fucking love that
game x-men use it once every 12 years
when you get to six people together grew
care yeah really I can't have the four
person x-men arcade
speaking of the four person x-men arcade
Cameron there is one at classic slice
pizza you can have pizza and play the
x-men arcade game
but yeah I probably want the x-men
arcade game cabinet this one I played a
lot gonna oh the Simpsons arcade game
that was awesome really no but I play
them a lot it's you know like just like
the x-men game they're just all there
all those brawlers are seeing on
standard brawlers fuck him up time but
yeah just if I can have one arcade game
it would not be one of those old
brawlers no really I don't need it x-men
is that classic slice if you go to organ
Piper the organ pipe er has the Simpsons
arcade cabinet
telegin I will probably not I I watched
I tried watching a couple of classic
Doctor Who stuff and it just was it I
have a I've trouble with olders show
you're a poser 100% oh no I have a
trouble I've trouble with pacing of
older movies and TV shows I like I like
but things fast it's that being modern
and classic who's alright just was
nothing
yep they're gonna be hipster closer to
cream look I didn't mean to start
something Jack they were gonna say it
anyway I watched some episodes I watched
the first like five episodes and it was
really drawn out like literally it took
five episodes for like the doctor to go
from the TARDIS to the first city like
five episodes like I'm walking through
the woods you know because that's how
old bbcgirls work
citizen Spain citizens famed
citizen Spain is great over Jay yes
Berdych eseni movies my watch oh god
this is Jake give me a movie watch does
he say he'll watch any movie no but I
assume they'll just watch it if you
recommend it right now oh my god oh well
if you're in the mood for just a
feel-good fun movie Cannibal Holocaust
I'm gonna say you will not regret
watching Cannibal Holocaust it'll give
you a very sunny disposition and make
you happy to be alive so go check out
anime Holocaust and maybe maybe follow
it up with happiness by Todd Salons I
mean how can you go wrong with a movie
called happiness it makes you feel happy
I can guarantee it exactly exactly
so yes that's your double feature duty
that's what I'm giving you
I want to hear that you watch both those
back-to-back if you know if you don't
come out
whistlin from happiness money-back
guarantee when you hear about the
suicide hey I've seen both those movies
and I'm okay done
so there
you ever heard of this wake in fright oh
yeah a guy he's probably oz Mike he sent
it to us we I have not watched it yet I
need to I need to just take it home it's
at the studio let's take it home and
watch it at some point cuz I know you
keep recommending it and it sounds
interesting
I haven't listened to the serial podcast
I haven't no keep hearing about it it's
a great thing okay good yeah I think
it's just that I don't have much
interested in the subject matter I don't
know do they actually talk about surreal
well it's like a fictionalized thing oh
you tell me about yeah about like a
serial killer it's like oh fuck what I
dread dragon far away didn't notice it
if you ask jay for movie recommendation
he will recommend movies with the
intention of killing you what I won't do
though is recommend a movie that is bad
these are miserable movies they make you
feel like shit but I would not recommend
a movie that I think is bad Cannibal
Holocaust is a rough watch but it's a
powerful piece of filmmaking
yes Jamis oh wait I have seen that there
is already a fan at it
of The Hobbit movies oh yeah
eight hours down to four and a half they
gotta keep cutting it down they're not
there yet not there yet I haven't
watched it of course cuz I have no
interest in revisiting the Hobbit movies
bit sure maybe in a few years I'll watch
this fan that it who knows yeah if we
can if we can get a fan at it down to a
reasonable time I'll even say three
hours three hours yeah if it's if it's
three hours are under I think I could
get behind it yeah
Jack equals wallowing again I'm sure I'm
going what am I wrong about then most
cereals not fictionalized yeah it is
we've talked about this before and you
guys said it was it was like talking I'd
you did you lie to me before when we
were talking about cereal last time it
was you the chat that told me it was
fictionalized that it was like a it was
following like an old serial murder case
and they were investigating it and these
victims I just I just don't care that
much
music is so good to me remix thank you
for subscribing Jesus Christ eight
months we very much appreciated
good god man what's wrong with you I'm
gonna tell you I wrote my Steve review
for crypt of the necrodancer yeah and
you know like I was trying to find
something fun funny to do with my review
yeah and so I said you know I started
the review on Windows my tank turpino
said though the game's really good but
most more importantly the soundtrack is
so amazing it completely removed all
Taylor Swift songs from my head and then
I wrote the rest of the review slipping
in names of Taylor Swift songs so every
Taylor Swift song from her new album is
in the rest of the review no that's
funny and I really appreciated it I
really enjoyed writing that I thought it
was
oh and someone is saying they're already
working on a three-hour cut once the
blu-ray I am I was surprised to hear
that there was already a cut I mean I
they maybe they had a like an Oscar
screener or something great but I know
it was low quality it wasn't like HD or
anything okay so yeah get that blu-ray
out cut those three movies down to under
three hours and I will watch them
absolutely I agree I will watch that as
soon as it's at a reasonable rundown
what should i watch first plan nine or
terror in Beverly Hills terror are you
talked about like as a double feature
like you're gonna watch both of them but
one order to do it in
I would I would assume what that is he
only has time about 100k if you're only
gonna watch one and you're gonna watch
the other one later yeah
terror girls well I would say save that
for a second cuz it's the better one
plan lines like a classic bad movie it's
fine and actually watch because it's the
better one what you want to work up to
the better one plan nines the classic
you watch that and then you watch
something that you're less familiar with
everybody knows about plan nine right
all right last round that I do this I'm
done okay
but I guess basically what we're saying
is you have to watch tear in Beverly
Hills at some point yes I would say
watch that over plan money yes if you're
only going to watch one plan nine is fun
to watch be fess when everybody's
throwing paper plates and yelling things
to the screen sure it's not fun to just
watch at home I think I tried once in
high school and I first learning about
Ed Wood yeah it's kind of bad it's fun
like with a group in a group setting yes
I think I would agree with you it's just
kind of bad yeah the the backstory of it
is more interesting which is why
partially why Ed Wood is such a great
movie
and plan 9 is like the appetizer for a
good ban with these what there is here
it's it's the Citizen Kane of bad movies
it's like you know you have to watch it
because it's it's the you know the one
that everybody talks about everybody
references true now true no yeah you say
you love cinema you have to watch
Citizen Kane I guess you know regardless
of how you feel about it I'm gonna have
to see it you have to watch it and
understand it's relevant yes if you love
shitty movies you gotta say no yes I
agree
so yeah both Jay and I are saying
wheedle like terror from Beverly Hills
way more entertaining way more
entertaining a better bad movie yeah we
just disagree on when you should watch
better
the Ocho knows if if you you should
watch Citizen Kane I I personally find
it to be very boring I love it
Jay loves it so there but you should if
you are a fan of movies you should watch
it to understand the relevance yes it is
one of the first movies - oh my god yes
cold ham cot again Co Hagen cold ham Co
Hagen go ahead good thank you for
subscribing these past six months
we very much appreciate it in any case
what's that the villains name and Total
Recall Co Hagen yeah yeah cold ham
cohaagen I'm not calling ya cogan
what do you watch first plan 9 or tear
in Beverly Hills the answer is disco God
okay I like Cameron Beverly Hills more
than disco Godfather but they're both
pretty entertaining teryn Beverly Hills
is something special is the Godfather
blowing no I really like about it I know
some people who think it's boring but I
really liked it I watched it for the
first time like 10 years ago yeah and I
like like I understood why everyone
loved it
like I thought it was a you know a great
movie in a lot of ways but I didn't
personally connect with it yeah so I
need to revisit it I saw the second one
for the first time last year which is
everyone says that one's better and yeah
that's a great movie yeah but I need to
revisit the first one and I've still
never seen the third one everyone always
says like the third one you know
comparatively it's horrible but it's
still like a really good movie but
everyone talks about it like it's
complete shit because just because it's
not I got a father part too sure so what
I have the box set or these days I need
to watch it
space come over saying that he doesn't
like mob movies in general he thought
even Scarface was boring and by the way
I kind of agree that scarf again I'm
talking about older movies having a
different pacing yeah
Scarface is like this super like violent
intense movie but because it's older it
still seems very slow and dull really I
think it is hmm I think it does so like
I I'm with his baseball is what I'm
saying like I I don't like any Brian De
Palma me movie feels dull no I like it
but it's just it's slow I didn't
understand people that treat it like a
serious movie like people talking about
like The Godfather and they turn a scart
like Scarface is so ridiculous right
and that's cuz it's Brian De Palma he
doesn't bear yes Taron Beverly Hills is
the one about the man who's upset about
all the doors being left over yes
Cameron Mitchell's greatest role
Radek neutral Coppola has done a decent
release since the 70s and the A's he did
my favorite movie of his which is body
double body Devils great but I would
agree that he hasn't done much great
probably since then oh my god you guys
are right I think Scarface is dull
because of video games these days it's
it's all about the video games genital
personal keep it yourself
no and I even like I like slower
methodical things but then it has to be
in a slow and methodical package as well
I think that Scarface need a little more
excitement it was it's not saying it
wasn't exciting I should know that that
this is no place for nuanced and complex
opinion this everything is terrible or
everything's wonderful
it's true
Oh Jack yeah
Lando was taken says Jack right I'm done
is that Jack hey somebody else wanted to
do something I'm done about this yes
pre-vet yeah free bet I can I can I
never even got to like the second zone I
can get them all three so why is it this
is something that always bothers me when
you hook it your computer up to the TV
yeah
why is it not on the edges that so
bothersome to me that's not quite
foreign to the TV okay so straight well
I guess you found out exactly what
resolution the TV isn't something that
in the present perfect sure it's just
strange cuz you know if this hooked up
to a completely different monitor at
home of course of course
you could set this right it's just not
set right is my guess hmm that's all
anything else a for I click on I'm done
with a stream button well we should we
should do our customary thinking what
they do something good they came and
they watched our thing it seems like
they just bitch about thanks a lot they
do that they did that to it but you
might as playing the wrong games if I
was playing the wrong I think they're
terrible people
they're probably terrible people but
there are terrible people I can see that
so thank you for all the new subscribers
thank you to all the old subscribers
thank you to everyone else just came up
to watch me we really appreciate it all
of you have a very good night
