Jul 8, 2015
Splatoon
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9078633, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsw5Jpi63mc
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9079644, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dBzoOBHPNA
4:43pm: "Super Wii U stream tonight. 8:00pmCDTish. Smash, Kart, Splat. fUN hahaaahaaahh" (archive.vn/fX6pj)

[Part I]
another nice yard across the street are
we street okay hi everybody
what's up how we doing I figured it out
I figured it out hey Canada chat it up
chat it up we are streaming see that you
see them yeah yeah just a chat
what's going on what's going on how is
everybody shit Jack Jack has a platoon I
have a platoon of splatoon I am not very
fresh what happened was as Jack hasn't
streamed from his laptop in like urine
oh yeah there's been like eight years
we've streamed from this laptop and
streamkey what we're using was updated
yes because of Rich's back I'm stepping
up and bringing in my laptop to stream
so I don't have to lug around a computer
with a broken back yes there's very
considerate I appreciate you
okay so you're a squid and you're that's
really creepy look like you're trying to
crawl up fold your legs and then - hi JJ
this is definitely Japanese the four one
one of what the games about thank you by
the way jack for bearing with we're
bearing with us flag he got a little
crazy so you had real work to do that
was most of the way most of the billet
really was Jack had a surprise deadline
I had three commercials that I was
editing and all of a sudden they were
all do tomorrow morning yeah so I needed
to edit three commercials tonight to get
them to buy tonight so you can look them
over and have them
that's what happens I was editing until
8:30 so as a spittoon dude what the fuck
okay so so basically it's a third-person
shooter that kind of controls like a
first-person shooter I'm moving the read
pad up and down and around right now
it's simple to me that seems a lot
better than using a gamepad dang it's
very precise but you know the pad is in
wheels all you do is you shoot okay did
we have to figure out if you can use the
remote and you still have to use like
the right joystick to kind of like make
big turns but then this is like for
finding yeah
not smaller than you want them to guess
and here's the important part is in
order to refill your ink okay okay you
can I guess but you know you just need a
little it's very good I'm quiet it's
very good looking
there now another mic respond sir to me
and it's very fun there are there are
many aspects of splatoon that I really
really enjoy and then there's a whole
bunch better question yes can you slide
up you have yes you can and you have to
it's a it's a spray and you go around
put this straight vertically
oh you can't Oh neat can I call my
brother with the ramps I guess you can
walk up yeah all right well remember
it's all about just covering your area
so the single-player game is pretty fun
so there's an actual similarity
Oh miss like Jack changed gender to cute
squid girl ASAP
I am a compute squid girl I think it's a
squid boring mine I don't then the squid
girls have this things hanging down that
are like squid tentacles how do I change
genders you know just just play the game
this one fuck it play the game yes what
fuck it if you don't know how it's just
play again that's what I'm saying is it
worth $60 the easy answer to that is no
because of the multiplayer the
multiplayer is what this game is banking
on and it falls really flat it's
explained for a number ok let me do one
let me do one level just to kind of get
my bearings my squiddy's my squiddy
feelings variants also greats you fall
through great
like this great okay I'm gonna do level
just to get me up and then we're gonna
talk about my issues with the
multiplayer and keep in mind that I
believe in this game this game could
I guess you got a deal
well you do have to be fresh so here's
problem number one is in order to
upgrade your gear in order to upgrade
your gear you need to win antiques and
some here
it's like I get fun I get it it is but
you know whether in terms of cost
opinion so they have to the play to get
better items idea well I understand the
idea which is they want to make sure
that you know the basics before you film
it broadening is by the time you're done
basics everyone else is better here
so that's an issue give me all the jumps
to start with let me figure out
right now it's down oh I can see that
yeah it's down it's down to the 5% and
there is no way to change it on the we
look at mutes huh mute anything just
mute it but then they go then nothing
what do you want mute mute or too loud
mute you get mute or this volumes we
can't we can't the volumes all the way
down the game into open broadcaster yeah
and apparently there's no way to turn it
down on the wheat which is weird
is there a system volume for the way if
you go like mean we been you I don't
think so
can you get to the main menu without
button I don't think so yeah so you get
this volume or no volume - people say
mew mew mew mew I've been fucking muted
oh my god guess what it's muted do you
have to do it no option you're welcome
for bringing in like
thank you for doing your touchpad is
still horrible Oh
one day rich you're gonna get on the
truck thing it's not unit even though it
has to be oh hold on everybody
perfect it's louder than ever it's not
muted it's not mods are saying it's not
muted hold on I'm stealing the computer
from rich how is the game capturing this
how was the computer capturing this all
right no I mean what's suffer using can
you go into the mixer and turn that
software that's capturing this turn the
volume down no it's going directly
through OBS isn't that crazy
apparently not hopeful though apparently
not hold on everybody hold the fuck on
that's what we're gonna do here we're
just gonna hold the fuck on all right
this we are gonna go to properties yeah
we're gonna go that's burning everything
down returning I believe this should
just be turning it's down but we're
gonna yeah we're gonna see in a second
oh I don't know what I just did did I
just cancelled I don't know you did I
might have just what did I just do ah
you turned everything off okay I turned
everything off all the time Oh
it's pretty dumb for a Smart TV
some of this is that slightly quieter
it's going out of the background it's
like giant TVs of space rather than
actual space yeah kind of
it's weird I don't like it you don't
like it I don't like it better okay
now everything should be just perfect
everything should be exactly perfect
right now tell me if everything is
perfect after I said it's perfect yes
perfect there we go this is good perfect
better sounds perfect right yeah good
job it's perfect
rich I got you got it Richard's got it I
figured it out everybody jack is the
master at figuring things out me so dick
go all right
which starts nitpicking the hell out of
everything I'm a critic I would hope
technically this is what I'm supposed to
do right how's my ink levels pretty good
well can you hide in the ink and not
fall down I I don't know if you can do
it upside down wait the experiment yeah
oh you can't nope nope you can't no no
you know what now I know now I know
never to trust rich trying to get all
these all these are like bonus blobs
you're a bonus for lob it's true out
here and then you have to go in the ink
and jump because you're faster in the
ink oh it's great there's a lot of
really fun stuff to this game do the
kids like this game yes the the boys
like this game they cannot play it very
well but they love the look of it you
know but it's it's constantly like if
they want to play this game it's
constantly like that you do this level
and it's like sometimes I don't wanna I
got work oh shit bombs
you're doing great I think hi so I
presume you're doing great
I'm getting my split two knee legs back
this is a you know this is a further
level which is why it's although it's
very weird stuff a wonder hundun is new
he says you have kids
oh god it's pretty kind of knowledge at
this point you know I thought it was but
I mean to me it's common knowledge that
I have kids but yeah I've kids you saw
them probably you probably saw them
there was my boys in the kids react to
101 kid's joke videos nope you can't see
me those are my boys secrets collecting
data asked can you pick your paint color
not no no no never you can never pick
your paint color ever ever not in first
player which is what I'm in now and not
in multiplayer you get assigned to a
team that's so strange with the team I
understand for multiplayer but a single
player do you think they just let you
have a color oh you know what's your
color they vary it up with each level
they varied up with each level maybe you
know what maybe that's the thing after
you're like maybe that's New Game+
Batman Arkham game right hopefully oh oh
oh you got lucky on the fucker I really
did this is a this is a neat level right
yeah I'll tell you this your paint never
goes away on its own what do you mean
like it never evaporates yeah never
evaporates there are enemies that can
like wash it off
everyone thinks to paint color clashes
with your outfit I agree this this
yellow is only you should have seen the
the the purple Jack was sporting earlier
it was sweet good bye good bye
hmm yeah
no no you know different levels
different colors they want they want to
they want to vary it up for you I'm
gonna be okay with that
it's a kid they're telling me what I
have to eat that's how I feel about that
and you know it's like we what we like
am i right I'm an adult that's one of
the few perks you get eating what you
like yes
so you so pops or no Apple Jacks no you
have to pay bills you have to worry
about health problems
uh-huh mortgages responsibilities jobs
but you can have a shit-ton apple jam
have any all the Apple Jacks you want
but rich it doesn't taste like apples I
don't want them to I want them to taste
like Apple Jacks
Phil Apple Jacks not apples never work
on apples yeah and it's a zit nothing
like apples that would be that would be
annoying yeah that would be really
problematic Apple Jacks I presume that
tastes like an apple jack I mean I'm
gonna go ahead and say I have no idea
what an apple jack tastes like beyond
the cereal
due to do oh my god rice seems difficult
uh yeah the later levels are so this is
advanced course yeah yeah this is this
is like part of the world of my on even
this is like the third or fourth world
hey dude dude it yeah we're on third or
fourth world so this is pretty advanced
and it's fun alright hold on I need to
plug the internet into the we all right
Oh weird the Texas upside down that's
funny what's wrong that we doesn't have
an Ethernet what it only does Wireless
apparently that is the dumbest fucking
thing there's gotta be there's gotta be
a support you're missing there's a cover
on it it has to be has to be anybody
yeah yeah Chad we you Ethernet oh this
is story rich
why aren't you skipping it because I
know I know you I'm trying to
you need a USB dongle for Ethernet oh
well there you go
Thank You twitchplayspokemon for
clearing that up yeah that seems stupid
I'm serious you know it's not like you
go online a lot with your way anyway I
would I would not want to use wireless
for gaming hmm nothing right now that I
multiplayer much but even if I did sure
really just for downloads okay here's
what you need to do here's what I'm
gonna do don't mind my mind my hand bunk
you everyone is seeing a black screen
right now there you go there there's a
classic there's a classic red white and
blue you're seeing that because I need
to enter in the Wi-Fi information ah yes
yes apparently I need to enter the Wi-Fi
information so uh pause one well we'll
just you know we'll chat at you for a
little bit while I well I take care of
business
rich is there any other business to take
care of do we have any new subscribers
bill titli Lord Belmont Emory 8:01 mum
front end John a 20 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated it's
true we very built built ugly there he's
he's he's celebrating that thirteen
month in a row
congratula congratulations on wasting
your hard earned money and but thank you
so much and also bonded ugh book you to
everything I just said Bunga duck and
and fisted buy dope smoke also fisted
buy dope smoke you're all poppin in you
know we always start reading these we
start reading these they start popping
up right
yeah oh my god rich is now typing on the
stylus the Wi-Fi password if you listen
really closely you can hear the the
things he's typing
really
you wouldn't think it'd be such an easy
password for four four five three four
salamander tango have you got
v salamander tango what what well I was
saying that no no you weren't saying it
at all okay that's a weird Ridge okay
great we are we are connected to the
internet so we can splatoon once more in
just a moment so is the matchmaking
completely random or can you join up
with chat people I believe I can I can
join up with friends okay and so and but
a lot of people have found me and
friended me so if you're Jack's friend
this is this is a good time to be using
splatoon on the week yes if you are the
other two people who have splatoon
preparing okay great splatoon is back
we're back I suppose so so as we get
into the multiplayer here here's our
some of my biggest problems is the
different weapons you have essentially
act as different classes in splatoon but
there's no way to change what weapon you
have mid-match or even in between
matches you have to completely log out
of online play change your load up and
then get randomly put into a different
online play which means even though they
access classes and the weapons are
supposed to help complement each other
there's no way to tell who's gonna have
what weapon and you could end up all
having paint rollers which would be
terrible and which I have done before
would it be terrible maybe you're just
not good enough with the payroll and
maybe I'm just not good enough I am
connected to the Internet and we just we
just connected to the Internet the game
didn't know that apparently not
apparently not the other problem is
being a team-based game you can't
communicate with your team at all
do we have Bayonetta 2 oh wait there's
no option to communicate with your team
there is no option to commute the weed
doesn't have any kind of headset Wow
aiyoo you'll see a black screen because
I turned it off again in case they asked
for one what the Hamady what's wrong I
didn't uh apparently didn't take the
Wi-Fi information sadly only we have
that Donald all right hold on for want
of a basic Internet report Jesus Christ
no Ethernet port fuck off yeah you know
what you have a you have eighty billion
dollars Nintendo
you can't you can't you can't shove a
fucking Ethernet port apparently not
that crush you five dollars a unit if
that to title mass production it would
it would take away from the sleek design
of the internet which look richest found
something to complain about that's a
legitimate thing to complain about I
think so you have a you have a gaming
system that is reliant on wireless
internet which is gonna be just
inherently slower and inferior maybe
unless you've got some kind of
ridiculously expensive setup or
something I don't I don't know hmm yeah
you know if this is Nintendo though has
just never much cared for online so of
course it wouldn't matter to them okay
yep
testing connection testing connection
everybody we're testing in the
connection it's very exciting exciting
things are happening check mark what the
network device we've got the network
John worked connection test was
successful
great ok do just tell me when I can turn
the screen back on save your file
sure Omaha punch huh el gato
ok so now we should be connected to the
internet because we got all the check
marks is there a way we can test this
before we go into splatoon no I don't
know either hold on almost a rich almost
there everybody we're gonna play some
splatoon I swear this is a real thing
that's gonna happen I'm just gonna click
on the internet browser really quick
just to Doug just to see just to make
sure before I jump into splatoon again
Go Go Google works ok great ok going
home Wii U menu and splatoon almost
almost ready rich mm-hmm ready rich
already go alright ok I went to Google
and I saw Google so we know internet
works now
okay back to complaining about aspects
of the game there are only two maps to
play a day wait there's only two maps to
play a day yep
what yep that's I suppose there's four
there's four maps to play the two for
non ranked matches and two for ranked
matches what that's all UN aids it's
random two maps everyday
why would they do that I have no idea
rich they have more maps but you only
get two a day or four depending if
you're practically different game modes
take the birthday boys saying two maps
every two hours not day Oh everybody's
better but still nonsense why not just
let me play whatever the fuck map I want
to play together one love maps some love
if you're a fan of a map that's not
popular nobody will ever play it here's
the news for the day now I know I'm
connected to the Internet because they
give they update you you have to do this
every single time you go to the game new
battle modes are now available oh sweet
my god but people are vampires right
look at her teeth she looks like she can
rip my throat out in like a second
new weapons new map seems to improve
your play experience for details check
the official website great stay fresh
like Billy skatepark is our map for
today and the kelp dome is our map for
today that's great or if I want to play
ranked arrow on a mall and pork mackerel
I like pork Macra that's a fun map it's
like a shipping yard so stuff like that
one jagged tooth in the bottom of her
jaw it's weird okay
so how do you meet with friends in there
but I think I want to gear myself up
hold on well weapon do I want a shot
Junior
damage I think this one was pretty good
no I don't like that one suka there's a
lot of there's a lot of different stuff
thanks Photoshop Junior
no no knots flash at you it's to go
great
Jenkins Heath are a Japanese thing you
know no it might be everything's a
Japanese listen they're weird they're
just weird
I'm sorry advanced their advanced I'm
sorry if you're listening with us in
your Japanese but you're weird
your people are weird let's see if I
have any friends let's see if I can join
friends in a regular battle how do I do
this he probably just click on them
yeah that's not people who were
available I think so I don't know I see
oxygen hey dr. Jan don't think don't
pick people will he pick all the time
they pick random people Jack well I'm
just I'm just you know I don't know well
then fine savathun oh I can't join up
he's in a regular battle Taylor I can't
join up oh they're all in battles oh
yeah well forget that I'm just gonna do
a regular battle that what kind of
battle were you trying to do I tried
clicking on them and they said they were
already in a battle so I'm just gonna
join a battle and be like fucking well
so like look at this like level 20 level
14 I'm little 6 you know come on
well that's that's the garbage that is
modern multiplayer gaming now no
matchmaking okay
it's not about skills about how often
you play the game mmm okay yeah get the
home base cover to always get the home
base covered always and go pays not to
have a job hiding hiding hiding couple
go go go and this is all just leveled
percentage covered yep I'll level
percentage covered and once he find out
there there's agreement there's a green
team can you swim in green ink no no it
makes you uh-oh but the roller guy no no
it actually slows you down quite a bit
get out of here sniper
can you heal huh
can you heal I don't know no I don't
think so
well how the host damage mark if you get
hit enough you die yeah if you get hit
enough in succession what the fuck is
long I have literally no idea crap they
just kicked your ass these weren't a bad
ass hat look at that hat
he's so he so fresh here's the other
thing you can do you can tap on people
on the gamepad and you jump right to him
ah what'd you get sniped
I got sniped fuck
whoa what is that what is that I don't I
don't know yeah it's a thing I don't
know you tell me I am like you know much
I've played this game 2-0 is your real
percent oh we gonna we got to get some
territory back here we've lost we've
lost some ground
where's percentage how do you know oh
you don't mean you down until the end
really so you have no clue how you're
doing pretty much out of here
sniping McGuirk can you shoot the shoot
to the bottom of oh yeah
what's up it's a friend coming to join
me so friends are starting to join in or
not friends one of my teammates nope I'm
onto your game snipey can you shoot them
when they're in the slime yeah oh hey
how did you do that no oh I done he's
probably got magic leveled up powers he
knows how to use that sniper outside z1o
we're gonna lose I can see it on my map
oh yeah you're gonna lose yeah we're
gonna lose big time we are gonna lose
big time
let's see how badly I lost I think I
want a different weapon so I need people
feel about this game oh we didn't lose
too bad you could tell if you're winning
or losing by looking at the top of the
screen the winning team squids are
larger oh do you think that uh Malmi had
anything to do with them winning whoa
whoo look at the sniper rifle I had a
farm beyond the larger score then oh
yeah yeah I'm gonna change it my gun so
now I want to change up my gun so you
have to get out of the system
what's this one
you try that yeah you know this is just
kind of a standard I'm just gonna go
standard I want a standard a standard
gun okay so now that we're out let's see
if any friends are available Oh Brian is
joinable all right brian is joinable I'm
joining Brian so you can't stick with
like a team of different people huh what
I mean you can't have like a group of
friends that you play with apparently
not apparently you can choose one friend
s but you could start a game and let
everybody join you waiting for a spot to
open up oh no you gotta wait two minutes
to know if like that try starting a game
and see if people can find you
am i how do I become joinable they don't
know I'm assuming people can start I
guess not all right I don't know I'm not
I'm not multiplayer savvy I have no idea
how it works and the end and it really
this is part of the problem is when you
play online multiplayer you do you want
to play with the same group that you
know you want to play with your friends
all right you want to get better as a
team
I take it level twenty is the cap oh
maybe I don't know I haven't gotten that
far yet all right try it again try it
again we're gonna rock it this time
I'm blue that's a nice shade of blue
nope huh AG crowler says no custom
matches until august well it's nice blue
that is a nice blue
so it's that inflated thing inflated
thing yeah I don't know it's just level
design
just level design all right checking out
my map here oh oh I see him I'm gonna
sneak up on him I didn't sneak up on him
Oh boom boom two down nice Jack nice so
pretty good about that you should
that was some that was some bleep miss I
think yeah okay swim away swim away I
deployed my inkzooka oh my god 25 says
Jack don't paint the walls
why not does that not count does that
not count towards turf no nice I always
assumed it did so I paint the walls why
wouldn't it and if you paint the walls
it leads to faster movement for your
team so why the fuck not
whoa lots of people saying this game is
for babies you know it's a little bit
for babies this thing just killed a
nine-year-old haha that is most likely
true this game is made for babies
I killed her that was a seven-year okay
liquid livid that livid liquid says rich
tell Jack to stop inking walls they
don't count oh I always assumed they
counted that is really good information
thank you
that is very good information I'm sure
it told me that somewhere but I wasn't
paying attention
you know me blowing
I'm deep into enemy territory here
I was inkzooka oh we might lose again we
were doing well this time squids are
bigger huh your squids are bigger oh
just keep shooting that floor Jack keep
shooting that floor I'm doing it I'm
shooting the floor I'm shooting the
floor I think rich wants to play I don't
know if I can from the floor I'm serious
I'm not sure that's a possibility maybe
not oh you orange fuck I'm coming for
you well oh we killed each other let's
see who wanted oh we lost we definitely
lost look at that that's so much more
orange they hit out they had a last
minute push yeah yeah oh that's that's a
big heart breaking heart breaking heart
break in Milwaukee
oh alright let me pick this thing up you
can do it great okay so here's here's
how it works rich yeah trigger to go
into squiddy okay you have to hold it or
just press it hold it to be a squid okay
this shoots right shoots it left squid
and that's basically everything X is
jump X not like B yeah all right hey
rich is giving this a try from the floor
will Stan I have an awful so aim right
back apparently level 20 is the cap yes
and yes you can turn off the gyro aiming
and use the stick but I wouldn't want to
do oh it's really sluggy it's really
soggy I hate controller aiming it as is
oh you're totally right butters own that
10 percent loss was me shooting the
walls like an idiot like a fucking idiot
is there a run no as a squid you move
faster in your own ink and remember you
need you need to go into your ink sub
you squid to fill up your ink cartridge
yeah there you go richer doing it
well well
oh that's Brian Brian's our friend
Brian's with us oh my god get out of it
it's a bomb
Oh Brian's got our back Brian our friend
has our back thanks Brian our friend I
can't turn with the aiming yeah you have
to use the other joystick for altering
huh that's weird yeah
oh no brains down is this joy I'm
experienced oh wow
nope rich might be dying because of
splatoon yeah I think you're doing
pretty good huh I mean your team it's
about if the team rich it's not just
about your score if I had more control
with aiming with the tilt yeah yeah I
think I hate turning apparently why why
resets the camera behind you okay
so if you ever just want to quick do
that oh my god orange vortex of doom
yeah I don't think this this aim with
the patrollers doing anything it's once
you figure it out it has some subtle I
would rather just play with the mouse to
keep on yeah well I know I made regular
gamepad you know you might not
especially with this game they don't
have they don't have the gamepad stick
down nope shoot that seven-year-old oh
rich got pwned by Jonah rich Jonah just
got you totally wedding I don't care huh
team is totally winning though I don't
care I use this special weapon when it's
ready when it charges up you click down
on the right stick
don't let Jonah get you again rich was
that Jonah this was a hos egg oh my god
he that's a Haley all right let's see
how rich did all right did terrible good
guys and bad guys hey I did nothing
team one despite me yeah I mean yeah
yeah but you know look at Mikey Mikey
got zero points so you did better than
Mikey oh that counts for anything
no no accounts for nothing
Jonah that punk is still there still
there Jonah's got to go to bed early
tonight
he's not gonna go to bed boys don't kick
my ass
oh my god Jose and that paintbrush is a
maniac that's all right yeah let your
team deal with the front stuff right you
just worry about laying the ground over
here every splat counts you know just
lay the foundation be there be the
support class somebody buy my least
favorite class and XCOM huh oh my god
splattered by a burst bomb what does a
burst ball I have my no I oh my god I
wish I could tell you rich do ramps oh
you killed someone I know I did
that's great that was you were on oh oh
damn fucking Jonah not even there to
help you
a weird way to aim it is I want to turn
it off Jack you can how will wait till
the next wait until the next round yeah
I should go
Tiberius Kirk wants to know when we're
pulling the plug on splatoon and going
on for another Wii U baby game I don't
hate the Weed Man
what is wrong with this other than it's
colorful right I mean there are things
wrong with it
there are gameplay problems with it I
don't I I don't think any I don't think
any of its problems have anything to do
with the way it play you know like the
way it actually plays any of the
mechanics of the game or the the art
style which is fun I think there's some
nuts and bolts that need to be tightened
and if they treated this like they
treated a PC or even just other online
multiplayer games this could be a really
fun game but Nintendo is so afraid of
online multiplayer
oh I'll rich is going deep rich is going
deep in enemy territory you're gonna get
flanked you're gonna get so fucking
flanked
oh that's alright hey that was good that
was a good run yeah
Oh father says it looks fun it looks
like it's as close to an FPS as I think
the the stream should ever get no no
Ritchie was playing brutal doom the
other day yeah all right let's turn the
terrible let's turn that off okay I've
got here I did terrible everything's
terrible turn it off and turn off invert
turn it off and turn off invert okay
we'll see how this goes wait are you am
I having it Becker
no I'll do one more you'll do one Marga
Allen oh man we're gonna level up our
freshness it's gonna be great so no
we're not gonna battle again because we
need to change our controls option
x-axis is Nora's motion controls are now
off y-axis is normal I would try sitting
on the couch oh my god she's gonna try
sitting on the couch how things are
happening we're playing with a big dog
you come mess with the sensitivity I
don't know if you can do it right in
this fight but it's fine this a little
easier yeah okay be prepared for rich to
dominate now so Miami no no I know
that's I think that's a friend like
gonna jump to you I don't actually know
what I don't actually know oh did you
kill someone I don't I think he did
whoa whoa rich you were splatted by the
dynamo roller dynamo rollin was blighted
by me boom
fuckin boom
Oh chef
big dog you got big dog dripping now you
got big sure I can do some live
commentary rich is going around the
right side of the field that's it that's
a strong maneuver for any new player you
got to get that right side covered in
order to get home-field advantage
Oh getting those top planks so many
players forget about the top planks
that's points every splat matters that's
that's what we say here at splatoon TV
oh we got the paint roller over it takes
down up oh that's a big tip big takedown
for the blue team how rich is getting
flanked on the dogleg side getting point
that by the dogleg side up by uh by
Japanese letters oh there's the century
placement rich you got to be careful
here got to be careful for that century
placement nice takedown of the century
oh but but Dynamo splatters back rich is
stuck in orange goo it could be the end
he gets out by doing a little wall
painting uh fun fact painting on the
wall doesn't actually count towards
territory control but it helps with
maneuverability that was a risky
maneuver there rich and I think you
played it well Oh big takedown of killer
well Oh see you move slowing their paint
to do that's true rich I did not know
that until there a second ago
there are many technical advantages to
painting it's not only the the win-loss
of the game in general but but also this
is why you need that motion control for
a fine we're tuning oh rich is doing the
old I give up maneuver fuck job letting
the dynamo roller take him over oh it's
coming down to the edge here it's coming
down to the edge here let's see what we
have blue versus already oh my god
seriously oh my god they they so Oh God
the the pain the pain is real
but I wasn't dead last Oh zero points
was right under bass so somebody wasn't
playing did worse than I was
well there you go that's something hey
Jack can rich press the controls any
harder having trouble hearing what he's
pressing oh that's funny you know I need
you fuck off I'm just laying oh and uh
the our bumper is Renee's there's
grenades screwed there's paint grenades
rich I'm sorry I did not tell you about
that before but I rarely would have a
nice snow I really do apologize um pink
now your pink no rich coming for the
power
Pinker's with our good friend Brian now
Brian is a support class looking out for
Rich's back here he's gonna make sure
that rich doesn't fuck up too badly so
we got the power Pinker's versus the
greenie meanies greenie meanie ah with
the payroll we're trying to take a power
position oh it's that dynamo roller
again Jack you're pretty good with the
commentary you like that you like the
shoutcasting yeah the fun part is I know
almost nothing of what I'm saying I'm
just I'm just just talking out of my ass
which I'm pretty good at I guess Oh what
the fuck I'm awful you're awful Aoyama
you know everybody's got to learn that's
the fun part of splatoon new players old
players alike get a chance to play
together
anger cover that ground cover that
ground
what the fuck nice Eve aide I guess I
don't think it was innovate I think that
was her own oh that's right your bitch
yeah I forgot that with all that green
surrounding you I really thought you're
agreeing where is everybody
they've all given up except for me
you and Brian here it is the dream team
rich pinky underwear Evans versus Brian
our friend also looking at riches pinky
underwear Evans and you came in no my
life is a constant state of depression
honestly where is everybody
yeah I know it's weird oh there's
someone Oh God look I got snipped you
got snipped by Japanese letters possibly
Korean letters those Korean people sure
to love their video games
oh rich Evans with a sneaky maneuver the
old drop through the gate get you in the
taint any time we can say taint in a
live broadcast I think it's a wi
Oh Shai gets taken dude by the audio
boomer I don't I don't know what that is
humming advance with it
Jack you're on point tonight yes I don't
feel like it I have literally been
editing since 8 o'clock this morning for
it was 12 and a half hours straight
editing I might be dying all right I
want to try one more time because I want
to I want to beat somebody who just has
more than zero point sir
sure that's your goal that's my goal I
think that's a that's a fair goal wrench
I I will stop the jokes shoutcasting in
here no yeah that doesn't bother me
that's fine jokes out casting us jokes
and jokes are good and jokes is good
it's called the killer whale that's
right the killer whale does it I don't
think it releases ink I just think it
kills people I forgot to use that
grenade renaud oh sure that's mr. Schine
smile I was oh man he left
sorry Shyam you got you got bared with
another another person but that was you
SH I was killing it was killing you most
oh really good all right looks like we
got the orange merr owners and the teal
turkeys orange bar owners take a strong
stance covering that home base it's
really important for any matches get
that home base covered you know so you
always have a fallback position rich
taking that right flank like he does
inking stuff that can't be inked which
is an interesting tactic I didn't know
it could be
rich going a head-to-head with a blue
inky and losing hey that's my Japanese
man everyone is just gonna be Japanese
letters like hi rich taking it to the
Great's the high ground we've seen many
competitors take and win the high ground
especially these snipers so rich is uh
doing his team a favor by taking care of
those snipers easy peasy
sniper goes Deezy Deezy means dead rich
going through the grates to that that's
safe right zone cleaning up a little
blue ink now that's what really what
it's all about this game is just about
inking your ink oh oh no this is gonna
entail yeah it is yeah it is out killed
by sushi killed by sushi I've seen that
movie it's pretty good
there you go rich cover the base get
that own base covered that's points
that's points what the fuck is that I
rich in a strange turn of events has now
teamed up with Japanese letters to fight
Japanese letters rich is doing a great
job of support here laying down that
coat so his teammates can move a little
smoother and we have Japanese letters
laying the smackdown on the teal
termites with that with that compound
roller speaking of compound roller this
shoutcast is brought to you by uncle
George's easy rolling papers you know
you get hi uncle Jones easy rolling
paper cuz you're too stoned for
difficult things
watch out for that hurricane of death
little known fact about hurricanes of
death there they're pretty deadly oh oh
you saw the very rare double splats scam
managing to kill people we're still
losing fuck it fuck everything fuck my
life you're doing it though right fuck
my fuck my many failures you're learning
yeah here you go Jack Tiger does nobody
smoke joints anymore
oh hey my goal Hey I succeeded Cody who
i leveled up you should smoke joints
joints are great I mean unless you're
not an adult and then you know you
should not all right back to the floor
bang rich go back I'm turning motion
controls back

[Part II]
and what's happening here shy shy I'm
joining up with you you're the first
person on the way all right okay rich
take over that Chet never tried to join
a battle apparently because uh what
about Wilkinson I join your battle all
the music reminds me of like music I
listen to when I got high
it's all very like low low class reggae
you know yeah I bet some I've got some
people get high other place books here I
believe that I joined friends that'll
never work so I'm not doing it that's
just a thing and now we can't
communicate
but the boys ship the block now oh here
we go here we go we're here Luigi Raven
cone our amber Japanese letters a star
man Jack and Japanese letters ready for
the battle turf war the most turf to win
these games at roller derby skate park
we have code our amber or I can read the
rest
Japanese many men and give me the rest
of less long enough and they're starting
off painting their home territory which
seems to be the go-to strategy happens
all the time
jack is making away along the left side
painting his ground no enemies in sight
yet can't wait for the real action to
break out and he's he's stealthily
making his way towards the blue areas
some are that I can't I can't keep that
shit up I can't do it plus it's
derivative and I'm better than that god
damn it oh jesus fucking christ what
even got you I have no idea you can blow
up things too close to that woman pretty
much all right all right we're going
fartole we're going for it go
nice got him that fucker was just waving
around his paint rollers paint like
nowhere near you right just like fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Oh blue ink
no oh I ran out of ink I ran out of ink
Luigi you fuck you got me I'm getting
better at grenades grades I think
helping in territory control here shit
don't you dick it
get the fuck out of our home base bluey
I've really have to watch my ink ink
reserve yeah there's gonna fuck me money
too Oh oh my god what was that a
landmine of being ink mine on it what
I'm yes yes rich thank you thank you
rich thank you rich no no rich is here
rich is here to help fuck man that's so
raven Oh didn't stand a chance
mail Amick dies a lot just died again
hiding hiding
ah he's got a helmet that Luigi's got a
fucking helmet I don't think I don't
think it makes any difference probably
not it just keeps them fresh funky fresh
it's all about being fresh in this game
rich fuck come on look at all those
fucking blue in our territory
start covering that ground now throw a
grenade Oh grenade didn't go off I don't
think we got it oh it's gonna be close
this is gonna be close
I don't think we got it though no you
don't that's close
42 I'll take 40 - I'll take 42 that was
a valiant effort you did well jack
I felt like I did what our last place I
felt like I was contributing to my team
god damn it that's all you can ask for
is is that you contributed something to
your team battle again fuck yeah let's
do it I'm gonna splatoon the shit out of
you guys who do we got here Luigi Raven
amberjack Brian mr. shy guy Japanese
letters and Verne Vin Diesel yep avid
gamer Vin Diesel which is very true by
the way Richie forgive me mauled to
death by an animal an what animal would
it be that's a good question
that's a really good question probably
like a rabbit cuz you know people would
just keep talking about that forever do
you about that guy who got mauled to
death by a rabbit what the fuck I'd be
immortal that's true
fuck you has a lot of grenades
what do you arrange do you get I'd have
no idea I know it depletes your ink
resources resources here we go here we
go here we go here we go here we go now
there's some fucker in there what why
are they covered with sunshine good
question I think those were shields I
think they had some sort of shields oh
my god we are getting our asses handed
to us handily they're all up in our home
business here guys
it's surrender an option
no no retreat no surrender
if I had the bank Zuka fuck Brian you
fuck this is exactly why they can never
have a mic on the game just because
everyone will be calling each other
fucks Tendo wouldn't want that this is
that the reasoning then yeah I believe
so yeah
makes it seem work impossible though it
makes teamwork impossible you can you
can't strategize beyond I still want to
know why they're covered in sunlight
that's a shield I've already how do you
get a shield that's like a bonus thing
that you can have for what for how I
don't know yeah yeah get out of here
fuck like my bonus is the inkzooka yeah
and their bonus is the sunshine how do
you die where do you choose a bonus in
your in you choose the thing Shogun Oh
booming Zuka Beach I didn't know about
that I would've been using it that was
the thing that you pressed down Arden oh
my god I never did that once oh well
there you go get get get damn it she's
on point
Japanese letters at some point Japanese
letters at some point they usually are
shit shit we lost I don't know if I've
won a single game like ever I mean in
the stream tonight I think I've lost
every game in this dream tonight
oh you won one that was uh that's a hard
loss right there 38 percent 38 fucking
percent I'm ashamed
Jack hey look I got second place on my
team though that's pretty good yeah
you're a crazy man what do you mean
you're a crazy man yeah I'm gonna do one
more I'm gonna do one more we do one
more maybe then maybe then I'll do a
couple more I think I'm gonna do one
more that I'm gonna change up my weapon
okay try something else
okay you know this is the standard gun
oh I think I have money to buy more guns
my player some more guns go back and see
if I can be fresher that's important
being fresh ooh or this nice blue collar
now and they're ugly green him
don't touch you the wall chair
yeah I'd love to see some of the other
maps yeah yes that would be nice oh fuck
it sneak oh fuck they snuck up on the
snake yeah they snuck up on the snake
rich yeah I can see that yeah I get it I
get it
alright here we go here we go hope I'm
on you I'm on you what the fuck is that
oh that's right oh fuck get out get out
get out everyone's got so many fucking
bombs try uses him your own how many can
you use I have no idea well try thrown a
bunch see doesn't use like all your tank
yeah
please refill and you can use another
one yeah
cover
you're deep in enemy territory Jack yep
oh nice
okay okay the screens are working for
you where'd you go where'd you go
where'd you go they go ah what the fuck
was that those awesome
Oh we're gonna lose again well surprise
surprise everyone yeah we need to switch
up our weapon we need to switch up our
weapon
try using your special more uh head you
have to wait till loads up and was
loaded there wasn't eight different
times I wasn't I'm sure it was listen
wow you you beat her ass with a shield
you your weapon is charged up no it's
not yeah I noticed that I noticed it was
both charge you're not charged fuck
got got a revenge uh and she won the
match yeah yeah look at that funny kid
look at that funny cats cats funny it
makes losing a little more tolerable
because he's a forty yet I'm gonna try
new weapon I'm gonna go see I'm gonna go
to the shop and see if I can get fresher
kadia daddy no nope battle again nope
gonna get fresh rich you don't seem to
be that excited about my freshness no I
don't care at all about freshness okay
look at that though
where's the gun store excuse me you know
what a gun show is these ladies who I'm
flexing my arms
could stop it stop it stop it
fucking stop talking to me I hate it
when you talk to me thank you
who the sub squid beacon sub seeker Inc
oh that looks like a fun 100c look at
that bum rush is there special splash o
matic kind of want that not a lot of
damage but a lot of firepower you know
what I'm gonna try it out you can test
it all right
test that out that looks like a fun
weapon oh you can test it before you buy
it that's nice yeah it's the same thing
huh it's the same thing if fires more
quickly I guess didn't seem like it
covers in this area maybe I think it
covers more area or use the bombs
oh yeah see ya that's how they were
doing it what they're super special
Seabees get multiple yeah that seems to
be very helpful
yeah it doesn't take down on enemies
that fast I like taking down enemies
let's try a different weapon what's this
what's this fucker about flamethrower Oh
inaccurate but really fast
yeah oh yeah that really covers ground
but you gotta get right up in somebody's
grill oh yeah that's my special inkzooka
I don't give a fuck about the inkzooka
I'll give a fuck about the inkzooka
check out this roller squish squish
I know Mabel give the roller try that's
another one the green one the kelps flat
charger was it Duke was it doing it's a
sniper rifle so like you could just like
rapid fire or you could hold it down and
charge up shots okay it doesn't seem to
be doing much 160 damage yeah right does
do it over long distances is that like
probably yeah
how far can I reach okay yeah yeah those
trainees roller out what's that that
$800 one there I have that one I already
at home I got that one already well you
you go with would you want to go with
Jack like that bomb rush like that bomb
rush oh I also I own the zapper it's a
Wii zapper it doesn't do much it's just
funny just a funny one oh I own that
what's this one oh I already own a
sniper rifle and you didn't know it I
get a shield
I didn't know it yeah yeah don't care I
think I'm gonna buy uh you know I want
this gun the arrow spray with with the
bomb rush yeah
that's what I really want let's go back
let's exit
let's + let's exit see what kind of
weapons he's got now this is the only
game we played so far tonight yeah we
got ad super late start check had actual
work he was doing deadlines and whatnot
deadlines tons so many deadlines I'm
gonna buy this yeah but it great yeah
quit that great I just like how it looks
that's a cool looking gun yeah alright
great all right let's play some more how
long have you been playing for oh my
gourd yep
it's late this might we started like
this yeah this might be all we play
tonight what time do we actually start
Oh game wise yeah definitely does good
but the only game we played it down you
know what I want to get is that I have
you if I talk to you about affordable
space adventure and no you haven't
what does affordable space adventure the
it's a Wii U game that you have to play
like with the gamepad and on the screen
yeah and you have to talk to each other
because one person you fly a spaceship
and one person pilots the spaceship or
like takes care of the engines with the
gamepad yeah and the other person has to
like bomb stuff using the Wiimote and
stuff we do another night with that
we'll do that and and smash yeah it'll
be the first time I've played smash
since I rented the original and didn't
like it that much
I'm excited for you to play okay battle
time here we go I think we officially
started at like 9:30 mm-hmm that's what
I'm gonna say
so if we could make it 11:30 if we got
made till 11:30 I got I got a doctor's
appointment tomorrow so I want to be up
too late okay 11:30
splatoon boom
oh yeah this covers a lot of areas but I
guess it does yes yes this
oh I see you where are you where are ya
grenade oh shit
oh that wouldn't hurt me that what high
ground high ground oh they got the high
ground they know they know what's up all
these people who know how to play the
game fuck can you destroy those yes yes
you can
okay okay Jack your bombs charged
and I got I got two out
I don't know those bombs are actually
the greatest thing ever Jack I don't
know hi Kyle you know it could be I
might have to actually learn how to use
them and that terrifies me forget you oh
I got you
boom in your face and your stew well you
know what I took care there they had to
control the high ground I sacrificed
myself I think if I could get to the
high ground with my bomb rush that would
be pretty sick right yeah oh I knew you
were hiding back there oh well okay I
killed you
I saw you can can't can't can't I'm on
to you can't to get one up on you oh I
see I see someone's over here someone's
over here the trying to be sneaky nope
trying to be super sneaky I got you Luna
I got your back I got your back Luna
star
okay I'm covering covering ground this
is what I would say like if we could
talk to each other over ground but you
can certainly can't use a grenade oh yes
your magic ones are charged up I'm going
I'm trying to get up okay come on come
on get up
get out of there oh I had the bomb rush
and you didn't use it because I had my
plan rich you plan filled their night
everybody was up on the high ground my
plan you should have thrown the bombs up
on the high ground oh my god it's all
right
oh my god that would have made way too
much sense rich 31 percent that's my
work show not the worst of my team knows
I'll take that you over my team all
right
we're trying again we are gonna dominate
one of these rounds who apparently
leveled up with quantity over quality
but I guess again even losing in here
and something right oh we got our friend
Brian we got mr. shy guy and Mel's women
they are Mel's I don't know if you're
with us in Chad Mills but welcome and if
you're not welcome anyway hopefully
you're just while playing you gotta get
a warm feeling that someone someone in
Vaes is welcoming of you I have some
open spots here if I have friends who
want to Sean K Japanese letters Japanese
letters and Japanese waters I don't know
if those are Japanese letters they're
just squiggles to me I don't care I
guess our little letters are just
squiggles to the button technically they
might not even be letters and character
glyph there's something sure whatever
you leave that to the paintbrush yeah I
took the opposite direction okay okay
I'm using clues I saw the paintbrush
working one angle I'm working I wasn't
started working the other angle it'd be
great if we could have a game plan you
know beforehand button but hey oh my god
you're just deep into it what you're
just deep in the blue here that's fine
that's fine I got a fine shit I see you
I see you okay oh I had my bomb rise too
it's fine I'll get it back I'll get it
back you know we got all this uncovered
territory over here guys sloppy sloppy
work these are all points oh bomb rush
getting up high oh no that's oh my god
okay that covered some of that covered
some territory
wow that was that's next to useless
Nigeria Gatien didn't cover a decent
amount okay you're gonna get snipe ice I
see hope
nope fuck I like my bomb rush I like my
bomb rush no no this person out here go
you can only walk on your own color
well at least effectively well we're
doing it we're doing it we're doing it
we're doing it here we go nope nope
what are you doing you can jump to
people you can jump to people on the map
okay so I was trying I was attempting to
jump to people I'm going up going up
that's kind of dumb well
here we go here we go here we go as does
theirs grenades throw some bombs bombs
bombs
having pretty decent ground cover in
there with some bombs I felt good about
that
yeah felt good about that of course I
got a Inc tornado over here oh this is
it this is this could be it this could
be the big wind it's all up to the fat
cast so that's totally the big win it's
all to that damn fat cat big one and
your bombs made the difference Jack I
think it did I think my mom my bomb rush
worked bomb rush worked congratulations
everyone congratulations John Kay
congratulations oh my god on top score
the team congratulations to me for being
the top scorer of the team I think we
all work together we all work together
as a team I have it all reconfigured as
final I'll deal with your considering I
think they do if I would love it if
you'd go left right that way to just up
and down you can a little bit left and
right not like that Ridge though like if
you think about it like a Oh like like
this no no like pointed at the screen
yeah no no like screen to screen lift it
up like that
now now tilt it this way this way like
that oh yeah you got you guys should
have just seen what transpired between
for tonight it was a little ridiculous
yeah well we'll use the paint roller
next rich you can try the paint roller
no Jack not at all no see you can turn
around you can look around oh my god but
then you reset with the the Y in the
joystick well oh my god
I was yeah it did it looked exactly like
rich and I were dancing like I was
trying to show him like how to turn this
thing and it was great it's so awkward
yeah yeah there's a lot of really
top-level like someone is saying like
there's a total horseshit the top level
guys are totally boning you right they
are that's that's the problem with the
matchmaking right now is is us still
trying to figure out the game are being
matched with level 20 people because
there aren't enough people playing the
game I'll get him rich get him
you were there rich was there with the
with the sneak down attack I do love the
sound effects all of them
oh my god if rich could play this with a
mouse and keyboard it would all be over
oh god I hate this controls game yeah
it's tough to get used to maybe you
should play some of the single-player
stuff just to just to feel it out the
game name should be splatoon did I never
update the stream to say it's platoon
that that's quite possible they said if
we change the game name to spittoon
movie that's top splatoon streamers
right now that's probably true yeah
that's probably true shit happens I
thought I thought I did Jane that
apparently not sorry
Oh God
this this is too much to get used to
while lying down that's okay that's okay
oh yeah it's a weird like you have to
use the right stick and motion controls
you know like the right side here you go
fuck it the right stick is for big
motion and then the motion controls are
just for fine aiming you know how many
Oh bother I know I'm not gonna have any
Oh bother beers right now because I
still have to drive home and I'm a
responsible adult but when it's time to
drive home I'm grabbing all of the Oh
bother beers I don't like the way you
have to turn it huh Oh God five deaths
zero kills oh it's alright rich you're
still learning but I want to say there's
only three Oh bother beers left here and
I'm taking them all fuck everyone else
those are my beers tonight I had a very
long oh my god I actually I still have
work to do Oh pause what's right oh I
forgot to do something I left when I was
uploading my videos to to a server I
have to give them to the client and I
forgot to email them yeah but that's
fine I can do it I can do that from my
phone so rich you know what one more
battle for you alright one more battle
cuz I have to have to do business pause
for business
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
of this so hard I can't control where
I'm going or what I'm doing anything
okay good I'm good business is done I've
been working on some commercials and you
know therefore they're fun they're
funded but they they are they're tight
there's tight turnaround times for him I
think I shot these last week
and I thought I'd have a little more
time to work on them and it didn't so it
was all albs all day today some some
commercials for an e-cigarette company
actually no not an e-cigarette company
is something I just learned a vapor
liquid company an e-cigarette is
different than a vaping thing I don't
know anything about it but they'll be up
soon I'm sure I'll link to them on
Twitter I'm not very good at this but
that's okay
for who the Oh for who though the the
company is called Johnson Creek and they
make e cigarette vaping liquids
I don't know dick neutral if my brother
would ever want to stop by the stream
he's not he's not a big video game
player uh he likes video games
he just got a he just built himself a
custom video game cabinet with it with a
little PC inside that has every single
game ever so oh yeah look up Johnson
Creek there they might some of the
commercials might be up you might
recognize you might recognize mr. Tim
Higgins in him as he's my favorite actor
what a wonderful work for me
yeah the ads will run nationally the ads
will run nationally and I think they
start running in a couple of weeks so
you might see them you might see him in
a town near you
oh no oh sorry I'm just reading Jen not
a gamer built a game kami he's not at
you know what he's not a gamer he's a
great host
he loves hosting parties and and he
wanted he wanted a gaming machine in his
house for when people come over for
parties what type of gaming machine does
he have it's a it's a custom-built
arcade cabinet that basically has a tiny
PC inside with every single game ever
okay but I mean what maem maem arcade
games
what arcade game emulator oh sure yeah
well not just arcade game though like
console games yeah yeah everything but
anything that has the joy it has a
mistakes it has the buttons let's just
front end oh I don't know I don't know
the operator spin or something I have no
idea I don't law looks a little
cumbersome to use but we're sure is how
I'm gonna try
oh okay
one-on-one all right we're doing our
goodwill holding our own for now but
it's not gonna last for very long
especially not if these fucking
tornadoes keep happening time to lock
this shit down he's got the high ground
I see I see I'm always dumb
fuck fuck high ground fuck fuck move oh
I got I got caught I got caught in ink I
got caught in the ink Rick I just seems
horrible what
that just seems horrible getting caught
in the ink yes shit
it feels really bad when you and your
character gets caught nope fuck fuck so
sick those nightmares you have or you
can't run oh yeah oh I hate those I have
those all the time Oh slightly slightly
better than nightmares in which your
teeth crack and fall out
oh yeah that's pretty bad well I I'm
really just like those nope ah yep these
leet splatoon players are really
sticking it to me yeah well not the
problem of multiplayer gamers games not
gamers well not I'm not all you know I
think not not to not to talk ill of the
dead but or not to praise the Dead nope
but I think Team Fortress 2 had it right
yeah with the different classes because
the classes had a rock-paper-scissor
structure you know where where some
classes just worked better at defending
against other classes and so you know
you could just be the heavy and you'd
have a ton of health while you're
learning the game mow down everything
and feel like you contributed or you
could be an engineer and just kind of
worry about defense while you learned
the lay of the map hey we won
congratulations
haha oh well thank you they are up so
some of some of the videos the reason to
vape videos RF that's great that's what
we're working on some reason to vapes I
get to do my voice this is my voice
reason of a Oh God they wanted something
a little country so I do that voice I
need less smoking smoking he's making a
comeback isn't it well vaping is doing a
good job of stopping people from smoking
but but the the jury is out on whether
or not that's good for you
secondhand something rather from vaping
I assume I mean there's gotta be
something in it right you don't even
know you do the commercial I'm a video
person I know I don't know you know
their checks clear I can tell you that
they give you one yeah taking care of
the base taking care of the home base
here I assume these ramps count as I I
guess yes they do
okay I have nothing to base that on
great
use your magic weapon bomb the high
ground
fuck they use their magic weapon fuck
rich they use their magic weapons
problem magic weapons Jack everyone's
got one mine everyone's got a magic
weapon they're not magic anymore I get
it fucking hell man get all this green
out of my shit sounds like a personal
problem I know I saw a sneaky fuck oh
you're up on the high ground again ain't
the ramps in the paint brush can get him
though Brian Brian you fuck is that the
weapon that shot fast but wasn't very
effective against people what the weapon
you're using yeah yeah well it's
covering ground fuck oh oh my god they
must they must have like Skype
microphones they're communicating right
that almost seemed like they were
as a perfect storm rata ammo or just
charge huh god damn it they're
destroying us
ah that's a good charge not enough to
win that's a good church ah you know we
tried we tried and that's got to count
for something not a win but something
thank you the master I thought I did
pretty good as the cloud jacking the
cloud outfit yep
because uh that's how we do things in
front of behind the camera
have you seen the commercials it no I
had it again Oh cute you know they're
the cute not as good as your idea but no
no shit well my idea but hey Angus you
got the job so yeah sighs my conscience
is free now
there's this last match yeah we'll do
this one and then oh they wanted some
paint rollers so well how about three
more this one and then two paint rollers
all right all right
all right here we go here we go here we
go I got you I got you
suppressing fire suppressors five I'm
shocked I know you're cut off
it's cold as fuck I'm totally fucked I
was going for the strong push this time
what the fuck is that
that's a rocket
oh I see that fucking high ground is
open get up dick oh no oh oh oh you keep
tramp they know they know everyone wants
the high ground
nope nope okay
okay okay blorp on this grid I'm screwed
you're dead
not yet now I'm I'm just kidding
fuck custom splatter shot junior killed
you know what was the name well that
this moves the name of the gun okay okay
all right nope nope I'm hiding come
hiding I'm hiding sneaking up sneaking
someone behind you I know I know we're
gonna high ground we're gonna hide what
the fuck was that
so got a bomb I think mine her lures got
it got it down no I have not changed my
my thoughts on splits here and I think
there's a good game buried in here
there's a good game buried under the
weight of Nintendo not knowing how to
handle online multiplayer
I think that is that is the that is the
truth of the situation the game itself
can be really fun like this whole idea
of territory controlled via literal
territory control is a super neat idea
but I don't know it's just not uh
there's you think herbs gonna be their
top scorer did I think who herb herb its
the sniper oh yeah her bed the high
ground yep there's like you know in Team
Fortress 2 you know one out of every
like five games was was wonderful
you know you'd find that team that works
really good you'd find like you'd find a
really good match and so whenever out of
every five games was like super stellar
this so far maybe one out of every
thirty forty games is good and that's
not that's not good enough for me okay
paint rolling it out rich says al paint
rolling it here we go
yeah if you can get it for like 20 bucks
I say go for it button I mean really
just like ten if you can find it for 10
that might be worth it it's fun play for
a little bit and then it crushes itself
under its own weight
need Mouse need the next prereq review I
got pushed back because of work today
I'm hoping that I can push real hard get
it done tomorrow and have it up upload
tomorrow night so it's ready for Friday
that's what I'm hoping might not happen
so Friday Saturday maybe maybe not a
half in the bag or a best of the worst
but there may also be uh another video
coming soon what's a weird little
one-off oh that could be fun
okay I'm a paint roller now covering
territory covering territory covering
territory and ink go just worry about
the home team worry about the home team
worry about the home team you cover that
ground jack that's all I'm doing
peek boy get out of there what the fuck
are you doing what was he doing he's
just laying in though nope but I'll
rolled right into you yeah but he had a
paint roller - I guess you rolled unto
each other I guess
all right let's go paint roller battle
are used to something great she useless
on the greats but I rock over here in
the blue territory
yes where the fuck did you go you drop
down the ink
don't necessarily know what that did I
think you're doing great jack I feel
like I'm doing great
oh that was poorly timed or wonderfully
time-dependent definition Oh what is
that is that blue is that blue and our
ship in that shit you're an ass shit get
out of here blue in our shit Oh Q you
fucking ninja get out of here that was
great I don't know what mice I don't
understand what my super weapon does so
I'm sorry if I use it incorrectly I
think it blows people up in front of you
oh we're gonna watch out for
motherfucking Q again I was trail huh
I ran right into that one check well all
of my options anyway yeah but then he
would have just miffed me he would have
scooped me
they both had close range weapons
oh I'm totally gonna sneak up on him
boom I think I killed someone with that
I think so I know about as much as me
none of them and Oh sneaky cue ninja
doesn't matter it doesn't matter this
episode lot or this this episode this
game lockdown lockdown
oh definitely boom fucking lockdown you
ain't got nothing you ain't got nothing
oh and I contributed to my team I feel
good about third that felt like a third
put Oh F level up boom I'm gonna go get
fresh again okay one more one more
battle and then we're calling it quits
here we go Brian Q Malik Japanese
letters Nico's spaghetti and Alec
spaghetti Nico spaghetti and Alec and
more Japanese letters hi paint roller
City time let's go what's going on in
the chat I don't know they're chadon
they're doing cherries type stuff
jack has gained 2 levels tonight only
six more streams to be a 20 no
apparently it's the last one Jack you
better make it a victory I can make no
guarantees you know I'm doing my best
here it's it's a team effort it looks
like a couple of us have paint rollers
make upstream for the short stream
tonight come on okay come on man I got
to get better I mean I mean physically I
mean literally in real life I do
apologize for being late
we'll try to make the sunday stream a
little bit longer unless I feel like dog
shit feels like normally sighs stream
how do you flick paint off the roller
just like pressing the button fuck but
he's pretty eight you you flick the
trigger and that flicks the end you have
to hold it down to to paint with it yeah
yeah so holding it down just paints and
then pressing it too quickly flicks yeah
all right rich do the Darth Maul robot
thing what's the Darth Maul robot thing
I have no idea what you mean
that's our small robots I have no idea
that's no affair I think that person was
timed out the Darth Maul robot thing
nano did I just want you to say I
fucking love Star Wars is that it
do they not know the dirt I think they
don't know who Darth Maul is maybe
bisect and replaced legs and robot legs
yeah Darth Maul just died there were no
robot legs for Darth Maul Oh unless
there's some crappy EU thing which Darth
Maul is not a character interesting
enough to deserve resurrection it's just
not
yeah I'm gonna get you you think you did
it jack physical oh it's closed there's
an actual close one eked it out look at
percent one percent you are the one
percent apparently oh I very much
contributed to my team that time that's
great now as much as Japanese letters
though no but double bladed lightsaber
rich yeah that's the worst thing about
Darth Maul his retarded lightsaber fuck
that character that but rich said double
lightsaber was so sweet it's like he had
it's like he had two lightsabers you
know what they call that one the self by
sector the self the self by sector Thank
You Francisco yes that's exactly what it
would be called alright fisted buy dope
smoke which I might've said earlier but
whatever Dillon whoop demo weasel mister
glitch Jack u Skrillex zip-zip I'm sorry
what
Jack you Skrillex of zapped actor and
interrupted actor interrupted actor
interrupted okay and they're so stupid
actor interrupted and ahhs bike thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated it's true yeah thanks for
coming out tonight sorry once again
about the late start of the stream but
uh thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all the old subscribers and
thank you to everyone else
just came out watch us play this up
pretty adorable but fundamentally flawed
game yeah yeah I wanna see like if I can
look what you know you can do is you can
like do weird like jump jump
that's the funky skip the fungus get
born
okay thanks for coming out everyone
goodbye then right

