Nov 29, 2015
Bloodborne, Star Wars Battlefront
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/33520991
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/33521851
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/33522720
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkSk6fOBlt0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38UC_5cuQHc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxW2Aj0bTa8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/671038030799642624

[Part I]
apparently after making whatever
adjustments we needed to make OBS
decided to crash yep so now you need to
tell us if our our audio and video
should be in sync now this is my first
prereq stream so far and I have to say
it's amazing thank you thank you
look look we're streaming from Jack's
laptop today so some settings were
different involving the cam and that led
to a whole bunch of nonsense sounds good
audio yes
and we're also streaming through the ps4
as you can see we're playing blood-borne
and when we streamed through the ps4
there's a lag and video input and so
then we put the microphones on a lag
input so what we say matches up with the
video from the game and I forgot to put
the lag into our cam because the cam is
new yep and when we streamed from your
computer playing computer games there's
no lag so that's why we tell got messed
up and I don't know why it's all fine so
I'll find now it's all fine blood-borne
one blah blah blah blah
for pi the magician thank you guys for
subscribing I have talked to really
appreciate just say it now I'm staring
right at it when I'm talking about
anything amazing okay I remembered how
to get to where I needed to go and
blood-borne so I have yet to beat vicar
Amelia look I'm not I'm not slouching on
the couch so much as just Jack's chair
is higher and he's taller to begin with
this is the thing Rich's yeah and you
know this is me sitting here how about
I'll slop perfectly perfectly straight
up right and I'm still I'm still shorter
now I'm slouching yeah well maybe it's a
bit more even there we go okay here we
go here's if you remember good old Ethel
guilt look at that I've been I've been
using the axe really like the axe
she also has the cane I don't know about
the oaf part of that huh I don't know
about the elf part of that
you ain't seen her moves you know
okay let's go I'm I'm a I'm a man of
average height surrounded by giants I'm
I'm I mean I'm six - I don't know that's
five ten I think I think that's average
I think I'm tall more so you know quick
jack fact I have an elongated torso
which means that my torso is
significantly longer than my legs I'm
very short legs
really I do and so those look like long
legs to me I'm also just tall yeah
relative to you know might or might or
so my legs are short and so when we're
sitting I'm in a higher chair I'm taller
than you in general and yeah my torso is
taller I'm jeanna okay all right let's
do this
I got the key to get known up there over
here I've been playing this game trying
to get trying to just get to the DLC
remembering how much out how much fun
you have dying
remember remembering how much I love
this game oh fuck yeah
you can't sing but perhaps perhaps you
could summon people to help kill Amelia
oh wow
maybe well I am playing an offline mode
now but perhaps when we get there if
we're having some trouble we can summon
some people what to help you as you guys
know from from Richard I just talked
about this we don't like online mode at
all I just think an ugly self a
beautiful game it does this guy's
glitching out for some reason he is not
attacking me and I'm okay with that that
that was way too easy but I'll take it
I'll take it I'll take it all right here
we go so I got to go up here this was my
big problem is I thought that the key to
this gate was a pickup that you got an
old yarman but it's something that you
buy from from the goon store mhm so so
now I'm here ok that's it ok I know
there's a way around I forgot where it
is I don't think there is a way there's
a way around no cuz the only other thing
ok
so you know just be this gun over here
yep and then down these stairs is how
you get to old yarman yeah and there's
no other way or there's no other exit
from that way and then if you go on this
side of the church I think if you beat
the blood start of beast there's the
weather is there a way that opens up
maybe maybe and then this way
oh wait there's a guy oh the other
Oh fucking I love this game
so this unlock this way is locked yep
you can't do that and there's the other
and then the other thing is a dead end
there's a nut there's another thing over
here that's a dead end
oh then this way down here that's a dead
end there's some overs but no so you
need that key to get to Amelia unless
you I don't know maybe there are some
with a blunt start beast but I don't
know
so anyway I'm pretty sure there's
another way around I don't remember what
it was well you the other way around is
you have to unlock it from this side
yeah nothing from that side you just
open it and then it's always open yeah
this guy has a flamethrower I remember
and alright yay wow wow right away just
right it was blood-borne okay so anyway
back to our very important conversation
of Karl Urban we were we were discussing
whether anyone's career was launched via
Star Trek the Star Trek yes
hora got a nice gig and Guardians yeah
um I know that's a career-maker yeah you
know she's in a friend she's in a
franchise movie but these people all had
careers beforehand
Quinto was was Sybok well not that Syfy
was was was his name in Heroes I never
fuckin watch heroes you ever watch that
guy in Heroes he was that guy in Heroes
he was Sybok yeah what not not Channing
Tatum he was there's something right no
he was nothing I think Star Trek was his
first wasn't
what was his name Jack Jack I can't
remember I don't I join Chris Pine no I
don't think Chris Pine was anything okay
Chad Chad and if he was something that's
how good it was I don't remember it
and what's Chris Pine been doing since
then
Jupiter rising somebody's saying okay I
am right about the Blood star peace rich
the other way around is beating the
blood start beast and opening the door
to the upper cathedral there you can get
the real version of the hunter's dream
and from there you can drop further than
Paffett you can take the open that door
from the other side yeah that's right
the real fur oh that's right bleep blood
star beast that opens that other door
the Cathedral yes okay and that's what
we both did last time but I'm sure I'm
trying to take the fast way because I
want to get to the DLC yep and in a move
that I both love and hate you have to
earn you have to work your way to the
DLC in blood-borne which is great all
right you fuck now we're gonna be a
little more careful with you
okay fuck you fuck you crow scared the
crap out of me
nope no no no you can do that while I'm
well what a prick
what a fucking prick so I get people
surprised to wrap up Karl Urban because
obviously we're going other places
people surprised that Karl Urban's
career hasn't taken off I don't think
anybody's career has been helped by Star
Trek the Star Trek oh I don't I don't I
think Star Trek the Star Trek is helping
your career that is that is the help yes
look these people can do conventions for
the rest of their lives make a little
bit of money they'll be in every sequel
they want to make they'll be fine
great great great
as I'm trying to blink on his name and I
know him very well
Scotty Shaun of the Dead hello Simon
Pegg yeah Simon Pegg oh you know has he
been in anything he was in the he had a
big role in the new Mission Impossible
what else has he done since then
how was everybody's Thanksgiving mine
was pretty fair I I know the chat is
very yes I know he's in world's in China
losing a bunch of things I'm saying send
Star Trek has he been in much because
the argument is a Star Trek killed
people's careers oh you know maybe most
maybe it's killed most people's career
looks like I last 1984 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated okay
shit shit Cumberbatch what's he been in
sense into darkness um something he's
still in Sherlock and whatnot sure you
know he's been in some movies he's doing
is he's doing his cover boxing he's in
the new uh the Zoolander sequel don't
have that's a positive career move but
he has a major role in I don't know how
much of it you know what a career move
that is he's uh obviously Sherlock he
was in you know really great episode of
Sesame Street so you know it's got that
working for him
gobbledygook thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true we really do oh I need to open
that this is the thing that I need to
open somehow so I saw the trailer for
Civil War oh yeah it looks like a movie
it does it looks like a movie yeah yeah
yeah there you go
looks like a Marvel movie looks like a
Marvel movie there's uh some heroes some
of which you might care about hmm
probably most of what you don't
everybody really seems to care about the
Winter Soldier you know which is strange
cuz he's not gonna blow up cities the
Winter Soldier
who is gonna blow up cities no we're not
the Winter Soldier he's nothing he's not
the kind of thing you need it the
superhero Registration Act and worry
about right and II and you know I don't
know if we've talked about this on the
stream but I I really enjoyed at least
the first trade at least the first like
story run of Civil War I thought they
had some really needed where the hell am
I going I've completely forgotten how to
get to where I need to go I want to open
this yeah I open this don't you go down
and around that one area this is closed
by a device yeah you don't go in there
go go go to where you entered this area
go to the big gate that the open date
the key gate yeah head that way then you
gotta go right past the flamethrower chi
okay and up through that that bad
business there's business hi why are you
flamethrower guy they sneak up behind
him do they
charge tech and no with that that's okay
that's okay
nope no no no thank you
get behind him wheel on his ass go small
there we go okay go small yes I know
they change the name of the superhero
Registration Act what whatever that's
what it is what are they calling it the
Slovakia Accords because that's the city
that blew up in age of Ultron oh okay
whatever cuz it's beyond us that was
totally Iron Man's fault
yeah by the way and why are they taking
it on superheroes if like it was just a
normal dude who's also a superhero no
yeah but he's just a normal dude don't
take this out on like people who were
born this way oh it's not the city it's
the country fucking nerds you fucking
cake what would like to thank us for
bringing back fuck pot 5000 --mode you
are welcome leftover beefcake I know
that was very important to many of you I
know that was very very important
Hank Jack this is a really new character
this is a new character then you're
gonna have a really hard time with the
DLC just a heads up thanks you know what
isn't that part of the fun of blood burn
Ellison I just want to see I just want
to see it you know what and like the
only the only other way I can do this if
is if I'm playing it in New Game+ you
know my other character which is you
know really leveled is in New Game+
right now and I don't want to do the DLC
in New Game+ Red Dog Ultima says don't
have to be a nerd to know Slovakia as a
country now yes you do yeah yes you do
oh great note that I meant to dodge
Civil War should have been an Avengers
movie doesn't really matter what brand
the movie is gonna have the same story
in the same characters yep where's JJ
had better things to do with his life
Yuri evaluated his life choices yep and
start whaling on him get some of the
help back or don't
move there's a gunner they're doing
multiple civil war movies
alright thank you Oh God
Civil War was just depressing a neat
story idea it was it was fun but it ran
it petered out
like most Marvel ideas because they
don't have the balls to actually make
anything stick it was it was a neat
story idea until they wanted everything
to go back to the status quo because
that's what's profitable or that's what
people know or whatever other bullshit
they said to themselves the whole
spider-man identity reveal yeah only did
not even wait you know they did even
wait like two months after the fact to
put the cork back on that as well as a
race like 25 years worth of history what
aren't I think of the Star Wars blu-ray
uh some of the changes they made weird
like I completely forgotten that they
changed Obi Wan's young when he comes in
to scare away the the Tusken Raiders
everybody they changed everyone's yell
to something like comically ridiculous
really yeah he goes he walks normally he
walks up the loo yeah they change
something comically ridiculous really
yeah oh yeah yeah just leave it alone
until until they release don't change
things that don't need to be changed
wait until because it will happen
eventually they like money they're gonna
release the
the part you know the the theatrical
version or whatever it's gonna happen I
have I have hope
you dick I've heard of the despecialized
edition zai haven't seen them I have
they're all right you think I've been
more jarring to say that the visual
quality changes between Rae original
footage and the not altered stuff it's
actually not that bad because the DS
specialized take most of their material
from the laserdisc yeah Oh wrong button
I feel I'm a dink good work
wait I'm a dink rich she get back in the
world one you should blood-borne is a
great game blood-borne is a great game
that everyone should be into all the
time this way the switch is I forget
just means not using my ideas I'm mad
much hate it very much just can't get
over how childish that is it's like an
80 year old man acting like a
preschooler yeah you know but that's all
he has you just give the bullshit
interview Leon say well you know some
hand-to-hands now it's time for new
people to take up and said it's ruining
my toys my toys they're my toys it's
playing with them wrong that's exactly
what he's doing my toys are supposed to
be a soap opera don't you get it
okay I'm getting there I know where I am
now
I know what's happening any opinion and
alex kurtzman helming a Star Trek series
not really there you go
I know he was responsible at least in
part for the scripts of the other two
mm-hmm then you know the two recent
movies yeah I don't know how much of the
crap is his I don't know I'll I'll have
something to say about the series when I
actually know what they're going to do
who's gonna be in it no even if it sucks
I'll just keep watching old episodes of
next-gen pretty much pretty much that
I mean whoever's in charge what are the
odds of the new Star Trek series being
great what are the odds
60% it's just you go oh boy so here here
is something not only with the DLC they
patched the game mm-hmm and here's
something new with the patch I'm an
offline mode you can summon NPCs to help
you fight Oh NPCs yeah that sounds nice
so that's what this is right here I
could summon henriette if I felt like it
does that cost you I have no idea I will
be quite honest with you okay this is
not now the shortcut is open now I'm
feeling good I kind of want to go and
you know I have a decent number of souls
for where my character is so I almost
want to like go and level up yes I know
the new Star Trek is gonna be on the CBS
streaming service I'm sure it will also
be on a torrent near you hey now I'm not
saying I would do that they're just
saying those could be on the stream yeah
and people are gonna watch it because
it's Star Trek
yeah it'll people people will find it
charge up an effect and let go when
they're about to run into you let the
big attack on that axe you're using the
axe all wrong jack
all wrong the heavy attack on that and
that fucking axe is great that's how you
do it I'm still getting used to the axe
yeah yo you didn't use the X much
oh god no in my light in the playthrough
that I beat the game in it was all that
sauce beer yeah almost almost the
entirety it was the sauce beer I fucking
love that sauce beer Oh mr. strife smell
has a link to a documentary about how
ing began I post that after the stream
this is no way I'm gonna be able to hold
on to that right now
right ash vs. Evil Dead is halfway
through thoughts we're never going to
escape talking about ash versus the Evil
Dead burger we may as well change the
name of the stream of the channel vs.
leave a good jab and you know what I
actually have not been watching yep I've
been concentrating on Jessica Jones have
you seen any more that no I am now if
I'm not I will not spoil anything yeah I
am now completely finished with Jessica
Jones it's very good okay okay it's not
like those first like three four
episodes I like and then it just
steadily gets better and better and
better that's good
it's better than the other way around
yeah yeah yeah I agree but no I really
enjoyed I really enjoyed the whole thing
half half way through my opinion of ash
versus the Evil Dead is I think I would
enjoy it a lot more watching it all at
once are you now like to use to the
binge watch I don't know if it's better
or if it's the half an hour thing really
doesn't work
that show does the ash versus evil that
it could needs to be just a hair longer
all right I'm gonna go level up some
shit and then we're gonna face Amelia
okay that cost one insight to summon
people oh I got it I got insight to burn
I never understood like you know besides
like being able to buy more shit I've
never understood like why insight was
that big a deal because all it does is
make things more difficult right hmm
some people want that yeah Wade the man
in the high castle is out now yeah Oh
few weeks has it yeah fuck I'm out of it
no I'm just out of it oh I think I can
level up my axe too I want to do that
before I do anything else
there was a hubbub with a with a man in
the high castle Subway ad oh yeah not
like Subway the restaurant like on the
actual New York subway uh-huh where
basically it was controversial because
the ad was like a Nazi flag that's great
that's both great and understandable why
the fuck somebody put a swastika on the
American flag what yeah I could see how
that would be really confusing I could
see how that could be really confusing
to someone bring knives to gun fights
thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we
really do appreciate it it's true
insights the main ability is for
summoning people for co-op yeah or
adversaries right I don't care about
stuff like that I don't care about stuff
like that
hate it don't wanna make me stronger oh
yeah oh yeah hey Dead doll gonna make me
stronger switch place pokémon since I
got people talking about it I suppose it
did in reference to the movie oh yeah I
figure I wonder if that was a hard
cell-like in the india in the boardroom
like okay we're gonna put a swastika on
top of the American flag and someone
goes I don't know about that people
might be really pissed about that yeah
yeah they will tried March the man in my
castle it's not a couple ups three
episodes yeah I just can't find anybody
to root for yeah some very interesting
stuff going on and I've only seen the
pilot so don't spoil anything for me I
really like the pilot okay what do we
want to do with what do we want to do
with granny here and the two storylines
seems so disconnected mm-hmm but we're
doing whatever you want to do with your
character and your bill right like oh I
only have two points oh bugger it's not
New Game+ for you not for this one okay
but I I could go into my other character
but like I didn't like it's a
straight-up new good New Game+ I barely
made it through like I started playing
yarman but that's it oh god like I have
I have nowhere with New Game+
so I was closer with granny so that's
why I wanted to bring granny out here
vitality gives me some defense gives me
some more health I think I wanna do that
maybe endurance good defense
it wasn't the swastika but it was the
flag of the Concord USA but very Nazi
ish all right all right
I may be boring I wanna have another you
know like I'm so close to another
upgrade or it's like so I just want to
go and farm for a little bit I'm boring
do I want to be rich how what how boring
do I want to be very boring I've gotta
get you further yeah I'm I'm gonna go be
a little boring sorry everybody
you got a deal with that and what were
you gonna be boring house is gonna I
need like 300 and more blood echoes and
I get to raise up another attribute so
I'm just gonna do that real quick and
then go fight Baker that's just very
boring I think that's fine but it's very
boring but it's basically what's gonna
happen so I love blood-borne who is my
favorite boss in this game good I've
always been fond of Father Agassi um
garcy only the first one yeah yeah I
really like like I like a straight-up
duel in a game oh you know that's fair
that's fair like all of the hunters you
know all of the hunters duels
yeah we're but those are we're
straightforward but the father the
father Garcia Land one is the only one
that feels like a duel and a boss fight
to me okay you know what rich what the
fuck I can be with you guess coin yeah I
can never pronounce that right it's fine
no you know what I'm talking about
father Gascoigne Gascoigne is apparently
how it's pronounced terms oh my god
which sounds weird father Gascoigne yeah
yeah that sounds like father Gascoigne
if I kill these guys I'll have an option
I think it just needed like it sounds
like a discount gas station come to
guess going I'm gonna vomit gas gun
my third here goodness
it's kind of cheating but I'm okay with
it well I think I think the question is
why would I want to call him Gascoigne
when that just sounds stupid I respect
that character far too much to call him
by his proper name the end you know like
there are some really neat monsters
later on and you know what I'm terrible
with names
but if anyone remembers the monster that
had like a second body and arms coming
out of its ass and it was in the big it
was in the big courtyard and it had like
and it had the witches up above like
shooting at you while you had to face
him and he and one of his big moves was
he just vomited acid and he filled the
entire arena with acid so he had to like
get out of there and just the most
disgusting monster they're good at
monsters they're great at Mons there are
excellent great at monsters the the
princess of the Celestials was a neat
looking monster you know there's so many
good monsters like but I I I'm gonna go
ahead and agree with as rich that any of
the any of the duels I liked you know
any of the individual any of the
individual hunter duels I enjoyed
okay what's up Joe kitty double-o one
says hey guys met a sub but wanted to
give something to say thanks for the
hours of free entertainment thank you
thank you we appreciate it it's true
it's it's really true thank you
Tyrannosaurus Rex said days reading
preacher because of me and he loves it
yeah I still need to get that from you
well preachers going yeah well I want to
read it great I want to read it because
it looks like I might be disappointed by
the TV show hi I think I'm gonna be
disappointed I need to steal it from the
worst the worst fucking trailer ever I'm
talking to some fucking kid that I don't
give a shit about because he shouldn't
be a character in the first place
yep also coming off like an asshole the
main character in that trailer like a
hard-ass yeah
in the comics he's a tough he's
definitely a tough guy yeah it is more
like the white hat cowboy kind of tough
good yes less dark he just got old boy
he's gonna do right good
maybe maybe he's a little glib maybe
he's a little short but but because he
has better things to do in the comics
maybe see someone doing wrong a punch in
the face all right all right it sounds
like a man I want to meet I'm just gonna
run past you we're gonna go right we're
gonna go right to Amelia now running
past all you nope I don't care about you
not I was super hard-ass
you want me to be there man I'm like II
do in yeah it would be bloody yeah
yeah like preacher is space cop that
trailer was
get me nope nope I'm up on the door you
can't get me you can't get me I'm open
in the dark now run not run right into
the boss fight does he follow no name
who I can't read because that that font
on the name and Chetty is just terrible
and light sorry says I didn't really
know it's not your fault I just they
call it the random colors people's names
I didn't really like preacher stop
reading about four issues in preacher
gets really good like after that story
arc the first story arc is kind of
really okay okay okay hmm I think the
second major arc where they get to
Jesse's past and what now that's when
she starts getting fantastic okay okay
should have some inject motor motor okay
a sign no I can't read that
a motor or modal motox motor who sang
who sang e whatever it is this preacher
won't be good something because they
can't be as dark as the comic they
simply can't show what they did in the
comics without going to NA 17 here's
here's the strange thing about preacher
though and the wonderful thing is dark
as it was it never wasn't also extremely
light like dark humor but clearly humor
sure the tone and preacher was never
never grim
yeah I agree
another name I can't read
ka ka e yeah okay
k sure kaeru King says hello thanks for
the entertainment just wanted us just
that Jack use a heavy attack combo more
and talk of the Lion of the cathedral
ward please use that heavy attack Jack I
know I do I when I play I might be out
of practice now I probably suck yeah
horribly but I abused the hell out of
that heavy attack mm-hmm yeah and I like
the I like the the stab and run
I'm all for stab run use combo what rich
needs a big reminder that's because I'm
reading that off of Japs Jack's a little
laptop which due to curves and the way
it's connected I really can't bring over
here onto my lab some I've leaned all
the way over to see it I did let me take
a wagon yeah take away okay take a whack
and then if we will each try one more
time okay well no we'll give rich a few
tries and if if we cannot beat the Vika
by ourselves then we will we will ask
one of you to join us and help us defeat
her this boss is a testament to from
softs animation work it's fantastic I
agree joke oooh
alright remind me I get to remember the
controls sure sure so so light attack
heavy attack you remember that the
triggers are the attacks now remember
this guy over there yeah
press docking on I forget locking on but
that's pressing down on the right step I
go okay and then dodge is circle nice
oh you UN equipped the gun it's been so
long since I played I was just hit him
one more time no shit it's alright it's
alright okay press a little left on the
d-pad okay okay I didn't realize
everything it's probably probably not a
good idea for me to take over press
triangle cuz you're law and health
I go no probably not a good idea for you
to think of it but I'll have some fun
with it you'd be surprised how easily
you get back into the swing with one
form oh yeah the inversion issue so if
you want to fix that before you see how
often I actually have to use it
sprinting wubble sprint agreed use
sprint is certain holding down circle a
great like you want to go the other way
up yeah up those stairs yeah watch out
for that dude but every everything about
this game
I'm just immediately drawn to a
character work the art style the the art
direction of this game is so amazing
like a look at those statues take a
moment rich look at those statues look
at how fucking gruesome those statues
are fucking love everything about this
game the combat is incredibly satisfying
did this come out this year I'm not even
sure this might this you know for me
this this you know we're getting close
to like you know game of the year time
oh my god what happened and this might
be it for me there's a lot of other good
ones
triangle gives you back I've done this
before I've done this you have done this
before it did come up this year like
this is up there rocket league is up
there Super Mario makers actually up
there for game of the year but oh it
doesn't matter of recovering blood
echoes like we're we there I didn't have
that many to begin with and I hid the
absence but they go you know that's all
right right that is all right are you
guys sick of the open world trend in
games a little bit yeah Metal Gear Solid
wasn't that oh you almost out of a mess
throwing knives I don't know we're both
arena I have 14 health potions so that's
good so now I have plenty of help up
yeah a little with that that potion
thanks thanks before you even get in
there Wow don't worry about picking up
wow that was that was have lost half my
health sure die and start over
sure imma you must I know I that's what
I remember with especially with the
bosses is you know like doing that
strong attack on to but and then you
know doing and doing via yeah just a
strong attack in general I don't need to
be the but yeah sick of it I don't like
I don't know if I'm sick of open worlds
actually like the open world aspect was
something I really enjoyed about Metal
Gear you know I don't think every game
needs an open world open worlds are bad
when they just feel like this is large
open area with nothing I really didn't
do and die right agreed and you know
like it like anything like an open world
just because like AG I guess games are
have open worlds now fuck that some pro
gaming right there
sure absolutely it was absolutely rich
you have delete
strats crew nito's thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we do I know you guys aren't
huge board gamers but is there first of
all Jack is I am a huge board gamer I
love board games get her oh oh I thought
oh I thought you Mac sit down
I I love board games I I play board
games as often as humanly possible as
far as board games that came out this
year I
that's actually really lame I wish
you're not attacking when I was hitting
the attack button god damn it
I don't know why why did that not work
were you out of uh got a stand yeah I
don't know I don't know oh you're not
putting anything into your stemming them
that's terrible upgrade wise oh sure we
need Stan I just put in an extra stamina
needed we need it it's there there
enough I'm a small board gamer I I
really enjoy board games I just got a
new board game that I have yet to play
that I'm really looking forward to but
it's tough because most board games you
need a bunch of people and sometimes
it's just me and my wife who's also a
big board gamer so finding two-player
board games is really important oh that
well that's one actually like one that I
keep wanting to do as an episode is is
time Barrens which is a two-player kind
of card card II board game from
it's fine
good time perfectly yeah it was great
one of the guys who did spelunky helped
make time and it's a game I really enjoy
mostly because it's a game I get to play
often cuz it's a two-player game so we
used to have board game nights once a
week but Shh fucking life
Oh son of a bitch you know what I love
what about the vicar is how she like
holds onto her pendant yeah when she's
like in her in her like resting state
little characters character the boss
isn't that great yep oh yeah I've seen
Bob's mom so is that the one that looks
like a that looks like an old NES
cartridge that's a deck building game I
believe and I like deck building games
boss monster 2 is worth that Oh
apparently nice to be a lot better at
bigger Amelia well listen you're out of
practice you are out of practice and
that's fine I can't believe you didn't
get hit thing that's great perfectly
timed dodge super lady you can't fathom
my approach I can't I can I can't be
with how elite you are
I feel rekt this game often makes you
feel rekt that's the purpose of this
game that's that's the joy of the game
does it make it makes victory that much
more satisfying oh come on
no that was I mean that was all you
Oh get slow Evans getting slow damn it
Jack I you're not helping you're not
helping how many board games James has
they've been oh no there's only been one
board game scream I think I really like
that board game stream
the problem with the board game stream
is we need to make sure we have enough
people there and rich and I are never
sure if there's gonna be enough people
to stream board games usually for board
games you need at least four people to
make it work right
never the next time Karen's round you
know that'd be a great that'd be a great
all right how many times should I try
this one more try then I want to give it
one more try
okay and then and then maybe we'll call
for some help because I really want to
get to this DLC I know I know I used to
be better I can tell you that hmm well
of course of course you're not a prize
you got to get into the flow you get
into that flow yo
whoa whoa whoa James
hmm witches Thanksgiving Day streamers
was so fantastic and mediocre very
mediocre was it I know I'm just me
sitting there somewhat quietly watching
movies and playing video you went for
quite a long time you had quite the I
said I was gonna do it all days for him
yeah because why not all right come on
bitch
yeah
my Thanksgiving was wrought with
misfortune
it was raining far too hard to deep-fry
my turkey which is really unfortunate so
I just had to you know cook it like a
normal asshole in the oven and my waffle
iron wasn't working so I couldn't make
my my waffle stuffing my waffle shaped
stuff and like I wanted to but it was
still it was a little you know I I think
we talked about this on Wednesday but I
just loved the parade loved that
Thanksgiving Day Parade you see the
balloons I don't know why I like it so
much it's dumb Wow
hanging up there you go I don't got any
more I don't got it anymore oh that's
right she's weak to fire I think I have
some flame fans I think I have some
flame things let me see deep-fries no no
I I do it outside I have a fire
extinguisher I have a deep fryer and
like an outdoor deep fryer is literally
it's it's it's just a tube hooked up to
a hunk of metal and that hunk of metal
fire paper oh I do have fire favorite
great that hunk of metal just sits out
and you put a big pot of oil on him
that's all an outdoor deep fryer is but
it was raining so hard that I couldn't
get a good flame so I seem to remember
hitting her in the head doing more
damage I believe that and other people
are saying to shoot her do the shooting
work on bosses uh yeah we're some the
Blood star beast extremely well I know
that okay
now then we're gonna give this we're
gonna give this the old field try over
here I'll tell you what I mean like like
like always in this game the timing is
just kind of comical yeah but yeah you
can't do it you just have to wait for
that perfect moment when they're
attacking one frame where it works let's
see if we can get it to work I can't
speak for Jack I've not played
Darksiders 1 or 2 it's like Zelda meets
God or war well it sounds terrible then
I kind of hate God of War yeah yeah it's
a button mash fighter that's true
hip-hip x2 swing your chain around
wildly and hit everything
when it comes to brawlers I much prefer
ninja gaiden mm-hmm much prefer
well
doing it feel like a beer
what oh I definitely dodged that I
definitely dodged that son of a bitch
rich huh no yes I have beaten Ninja
Gaiden s on an actual mess when I was a
kid because I said I had to know how it
ended I didn't look 10 years ago to give
this one more chance one more chance and
then I'll go online and call someone
else on Thanksgiving I did stream some
old spider-man game I used to love and
oh yeah did not match my childhood
memories huh good we did this also
kicked my ass I was a lot better at it I
wish I got to show them the end of the
game hmm because that game ends with a
battle royale with all of the bosses and
will at once not like Megaman where you
do one by one but every one eye on the
screen going after you oh my god that
sounds it's wonderful chaos it was a
nice game Oh
Genesis Genesis game okay spider-man vs
the kingpin I didn't even I didn't get
close to the battle royal I'm sorry but
you know Doc Ock the lizard electro and
the Hobgoblin and venom all trying to
beat your ass at the same time that
sounds great
much much like mud appropriately for a
spider-man game the strategist just
dodge all over the place try and get
your hits in when you can yeah
he'll
I might even say he'll again get a
little good die in one hit
where you're at right now I
you heard me click that plane he'll heal
well I got it I got it dodged first stop
you heard me cook down I click that
goddamn foot was heels no I mean before
that I clicked the dodge button at just
the right time and I didn't dodge ok now
I need to figure out how to get someone
else in here I don't know I've never
ever done this before the rich stream
was epic but I don't think he beat a
single game wasn't the goal yeah some
games I didn't die I wasn't like doing a
series of no death streams just don't
find out where I'm in the mood for sure
sometimes I just yeah I played enough of
this do something else
yeah like I didn't finish
well spy ring it was kicking my ass but
I definitely didn't finish that was
short enough I probably could have I
didn't suck at it sure
dark forces just played a little bit I
think I've got tired of this yeah Dead
Rising 2 I think everyone else was tired
of it and Star Wars came up yeah I also
blame the steam controller you're using
the steam controller no okay
I did get to the IDE to play FTL I got
about the mothership died on the third
form I'm so sorry it's a good fight oh
if I had healing and range it would have
been doable or if I didn't fuck up and
fail to buy the the whole repair drone
now what is never to turn everything
around right there oh you were telling
me about that I guess something
distracted me or something happened when
I was at the store I was gonna I was
gonna buy us already oh yeah yeah when
my brain went back to the game I
purchased like engine upgrades or
something instead of oh fuck I'm so
sorry
alright I'm now in online mode so I need
to know how do you summon people I think
it said it's an an option or a thing
right it's uh I don't know it's like a
gun do I need more insight rich what is
your opinion on the Star Wars covergirl
makeup I don't know what the fuck that
is there you go
and I was like a summoning bell you have
to use I believe use insight to ring and
called
other worlds for help the beckoning
beckoning Bell okay all right to use the
or should I use it when I get closer I
don't know I've never never used it I've
never
oh and I only have to heal well fuck you
need you don't need to be online to
summon NPC hunters like Henriette right
it's not what you're gonna do
no no I'm gonna summon a real hunter
Jeff wants someone someone someone real
how's he doing
do I need to be close where does he need
to be you gonna use the beckoning Bell
from anywhere essentially that's the
question saying use it now
give me my goodies hold on
there we go you guys blood vials
alright use it now can someone confirm
or deny if this is a red-letter media's
Jillian starring in this McDonald's
commercial it very well could be I can't
check on that link right now but I did
see her in like a bank ad during the
last Olympics oh yeah I've seen that
commercial that looks a lot like her I
don't that's not I don't know I have no
idea what the cry have oh no no it's
it's like it's just like she's in a car
eating a breakfast sandwich but I have
seen her at a commercial on network TV
that has happened yes um I don't know if
that's her you she has a Twitter she's
online you can ask her if that's her so
what do I do now
I don't know the centers of summoning
filled that will follow you if you use
it until somebody joins I okay I've BEC
end
tomato damashii says I think it's
amazing that people are going nuts for
Star Wars crap before even watching the
movie the trailer is really that good I
think it just because it's got the Star
Wars logo on it you could you could sell
a piece of crap with the Star Wars logo
on it have you seen all of this stuff
with Star Wars logos on them it's it's
insane right now well that's fine but I
mean you could literally sell a piece of
crap to Chez rich standard
so what happens at the beckoning Bell I
don't know I don't know I don't know
they just said use it it's looking for
people who've used okay make more
episodes of the dude bros right that was
well before my time the dude bros if you
ever changed your opinion of a movie you
reviewed for half in the bag I haven't
reviewed that many movies on half in the
bag
oh okay times I've been on the show no
I've never changed my opinion on
spider-man 2 which is a piece of
horseshit with Man of Steel which is
piece of horseshit uh-huh what about
Mick star trek into darkness which is a
piece of horseshit or pixels which is a
piece of horseshit that was uh that was
the the only episode of half in the bag
that I've talked on these pixels and
nubs still still awful sad that was our
that was our final our final say with
pixels is just it made you feel sad and
I got some blood vials okay we're gonna
try the beckoning Bell again I am
beckoned
I have beckoned Jack fun fact you can't
actually visceral attack on stairs
because of the height difference yes you
can
I'm just reading the chat Chad I've done
it before I am I am uh no blood-borne
expert but I have visceral attacks on
stairs before you just got to get up I
just wasn't close enough I was not close
enough to do it and so I just attacked
regularly that happens sometimes you
know that visceral attack needs to be
timed so perfectly who wants to come and
help who wants to come and help me hey
I'm sitting here waiting for some help
hope hope are we going to be on the
inevitable force awakens half in the bag
all I know about the force awakens so
far so I'm going to see it
I can only assume you'd be on it yeah
I'm gonna subscribe them into obviously
I was talking about the amazing
spider-man 2 not Sam Rabbie's the
spider-man 2 which is pretty good yeah
agreed
she Lucas is Jack I've played this game
for like 400 hours the height difference
present prevents visceral attacks for
sure you know what MC Lucas now we might
have to do it just to prove you wrong
all right won't that be a fun game all
right
say ring it again bring it again bring
it again Oh
suspense 21 says so happy you like the I
can't ring it again newest highlight
video working on two others but I'll
return to editing those next week when I
have time Oh
being the lovable hex that you are by
the way thank you so much I don't know
if you've been noticing rich is suspense
21 like someone has just been editing
highlight videos for us and I made a
playlist on our YouTube channel and
they've been great thank you so much for
that like I think that's really amazing
that you took the time discovered the
time of a small resident Bell Oh rich we
need a straight confirmation that ninja
turtles remains horse shit because I was
on that episode yes that remains horse
shit
so know what that might be shittiest
horse of lot no wait those menacing
snail was the Ninja Turtles to shittier
than the amazing spider-man 2 wait
what's the Ninja Turtles 200 or never
megabyte 1
I moved the reboot the Ninja Turtles
reboot oh I don't have any that's fine
ok let's go
let's go man oh yeah I got a friend I've
got a friend Jack has a friend I have a
friend and we're gonna go beat up the
vicar Amelia shit I'm gonna say that the
Ninja Turtles movie is shittier than the
amazing spider-man 2 but they're both no
they're both crap I have not seen or
then you can't talk I have not seen the
amazing spider-man 2 but I guarantee
it's shittier than the ninja - where's
my friend that is just just go to the
boss maybe he'll teleport where's just
go to the boss and see what happens I
gotta go get my friend shit I gotta go
get my friend Jack has to get his friend
I have it a friend and he left me how
are you going to make him follow you he
knows where I'm going how does he know
how does he know jack well cuz hopefully
he's been listening to the stream right
where's my friend this random person who
happened to be playing blood-borne and
in no way would be necessarily be
somebody watching the stream you think
they were watching oh well I assumed it
was someone watching the stream no where
did he go oh there is oh my god there is
oh my god come on I found him
follow me please
thank you come on I'm fighting the
bigger fighting The Vicar
now he knows what's up oh he's fighting
these assholes user2 77221
says rlm is great Jack and Richard tasty
yes Mike and Jay make me question my
sexuality well there you go
okay okay oh you mean we make you never
want to have sex again like you question
like having a sexuality there you go
there you go now you're on the trolley
yep
now I got my friend fuck
he'll yep I have to back away you again
yeah I'll take any fucking chances I
don't think your friend even needs you
that's great
listen all I'm trying to do here is get
to the DLC we have a singular go Oh No
we have a singular goal here rich that
the policy is $2 on the $2 fruit to read
okay you're a dollar short my friend a
dollar short these are the rules we
invented I can't just break them these
are the rules so we made up
well well will I guess you're out of I'm
not a friend
my friend died all right all right it's
okay my friend helped
the reading requires two dollars and the
minimum tip should be two dollars you
know and we thought we said it's it's
well no no I don't want to set the
minimum tip to two dollars because what
if someone you know doesn't have two
dollars to give to us but they still
want to help with like 50 cents or some
shit like that
you give what you want to give he'll I
mean listen rich again I guess I'm
trying to get away I know she's gonna
kill him
ow
Dominic says rich dress up is Jean Lucas
when you go to see the force awakens and
constantly bitching mold your dream
creation that's great I'll fuck your
bubble honor says ok you gents now read
the other message all right the other
message you asked nicely oh that was the
same guy same person same person you
know you could have just donated the
other dollar I would have been fine too
you know it's fine it's fine you know
what
thank you confirm for us that Gillian is
in the first episode of Jessica Jones
even if she wasn't come on this is a
dollar here you're right you're right
Gillian was in the first issue she was
in the first issue of alias he drew her
in they drew her in the model they used
to draw a character an alias was Gillian
I don't think you've used as the basis
for Jessica Jones I think she was just
drawn in as a little random random
background person you'll see her you'll
see her looked just like she's in a
panel 8 you're on page 15 do I know when
I have my gun out
that was a visceral attack on the stairs
bitch sorry I really needed to do that
little victory sometimes cuz the big
ones just aren't working for you they
never do they never do
but that was a visceral attack on the
stairs which is something that I knew
was a and I'm very sorry for calling you
a bitch I really I really am that was
that was that was inappropriate of me
but I was you know I was actually just
really excited that I was correct and
you guys know I'm not very correct I'm
see Lucas do you have a response to that
do you have a response I'll read it
I I'm so sorry for calling you a bitch
his response Jack yeah haha well done
okay and chad is saying rag you guys
just know how I'm not usually right so I
get very excited has anyone ever told
you to how horrible you both are at this
game
oh fuck you yeah I haven't played this
game in like eight months so I'm sorry
yeah and you know I I guess has anyone
ever told me how bad I am at this game
absolutely after we did the review that
was a big part of people's response I'm
assuming your underleveled at this point
oh yeah you know what relatively
speaking last time last time we do fuck
that's right that guy with a gun
damn it last time I had already been
through all of like all the Armen so
and now I just need to find now I just
need to farm cuz I don't have any blood
vials oh really oh Jesus Christ
I really want to get to this DLC rich
this is my hole this isn't the whole
thing you have no blood vials I have no
blood vials yeah
can you I'm sorry I know it's an AI I
just got to go farm real quick I'm just
gonna go farm you can use passwords I
have mine set to prereq you might be
able to summon me oh okay alright hold
on I just need to I'm gonna go to yarman
and kill some trolls and farm for some
blood vials pause
day 689 chat continues rich rich police
say my name what do you think Jack what
do you think yeah go ahead
it's the first one oh no I lost it the
chatter OMG WTF BB q lol ass yeah yeah
that's pretty great name that's why I
read it alright I'm just gonna go kill
some fucking ogres real quick sometimes
you know fine we could summon MC Lukas
and then he can not visceral attack
people
hey guys tears that'd be great hope
missed it you know you miss your face
real tag sometimes you got to be right
up in there you got to be right up in
there business what does this stream
devolved into madness
it's devolves into madness usually
madness that's what we usually get to
but you know alright alright X months
have donated $1 in Luton you know what
rich they're testing their bags in the
mouth alright alright we they know what
the boundaries are as someone who has
children who test their boundaries all
the time you got us stable so you're
comparing our audience to children I
just want to make clear on what's going
on did they donate one dollar and 99
cents and knowing that we have a $2 left
is this the thing that has happened
that pays important okay penny saved is
a penny earned you know it's not it's
not about the penny principle it is the
idiot we have sensible we have set a
rule we did this so people wouldn't
donate one penny to make us a lol fuck
my cock right you know to say to say
what rich lol fuck my car but why does
it say lol fuck my cock you guys got a
cost in two dollars two dollars
okay these guys do you guys have a
password set because I'm playing now and
I'll totally give you guys a hand if you
want that's MC Lukas MC Lukas
yes jaggis jaga's Jack is earning some
health files I just need it and then
we're gonna get to it there I have nine
health files that should be more than
enough if we can get through then you'll
have no help files for the highly
difficult DLC area yeah well we'll worry
about that when we worry about that one
thing at a time rich one problem at its
own oh you know what I have some money
now so just go buy some real quick I can
buy two great right now you have eleven
I'd MC Lukas hold on the binary senses
to buck minimum and no laughs this is
the worst comedy club ever you guys
bring the funny we just bring you
together we just rake in the cash you
know what I'm gonna say every once in a
while we're funny Wow every time rich
are you guys ever going to set up the
robot voice for tips donations or just
read them ourselves
most streams do robot voice
automatically that automatically reads
them I'll look into that I don't know
how to do it yeah but then what might
they say though they could say yes I
know but you know what we got to oh my
god I know what we would do is set it
going away we would set up the robot
voice to be even LOL fuck my cock
says Newman artists Misner one says I
could be using this money to pay off
student loans but I need to hear rich
say lol fuck my cock again
you know what that's

[Part II]
oh you know what that's great
okay MC Lucas home let me defeat this
guy over here real quick so we don't
have to worry about him Oh already
wasting a blood vial can you imagine the
robot voice lol back mark my cock my
cock seems like photo lol fuck my cock
so what we would do is we would set up a
tier to be like if you know if you want
like if you want us to say it to dollars
or more oh you know the robot voice to
say it like five or ten dollars or some
like five or ten at a robot yeah I get
it
again the joke was you refers to the
bait and switch I mean he's gonna be one
under two dollars then the robot boy I
thought that's what you're going for
Oh we'll see because even even with our
two dollars we it like if there's
something so heinous you know we
probably won't say it well that's that's
when you get the robot voice reading off
join the not-see party
no you know exactly that's that's why
there needs to be a like a higher
monetary limit to the robot voice where
there's no filter why the robot voice
saying you know rich sucks Hitler cock
exactly whereas we could filter that out
is this UMC Lucas do you use the hammer
I really want to learn to use the hammer
but I'm afraid because it's a slow
weapon I love the hammer you know the
hammer that's also a sword oh I love the
look of it but it's not it's just not
it's not very as effective as anything
no I'm waiting
MC Lucas I have I have put in my prereq
as a password so now only people
watching the stream okay can join in and
you hat you have to do password man a
wreck no space we recognize no lowercase
so I'm just gonna spin and wait for MC
Lucas
keep my gun out I got my gun
Oh discovered the chime of a small
resonant Bell oh my god this is neat I'm
you know like I think this is a nice
thing because the game is so hard but
you know it's just not anything I were
to use normally night beams oh my god oh
my god fancy ass outfit what the what is
on your head it looks like your head
blew up and there's like a mushroom
cloud this must be you above your head
this must be Beyonce must be from the
DLC someone knows what they're doing so
is basically someone knows what they're
doing I just need some more blood by us
is it friendly fire that's a good
question
oh hey where you going don't straight to
that business no and I beams are going
the wrong way
or are you farming for me oh do I have
another is someone else helping me too
can I do this can I get to help a man
apparently now that this one is just
tempting me here what the one $1.99 yeah
but they're saying nothing but extremely
nice things I know I know but it's all
extremely nice oh sure but way out rules
rich this is the most flattering thing
I've ever heard nope nope rich rich I
can't I'm sorry I'm sorry we got we have
rules we have rules and I and I love
that you're testing your boundaries I
love that you're testing your boundaries
hey guys yes if you pay me $2 I will say
I like out of warp that'll happen
I kind of love it I have two people
helping me now gobbledygook says thanks
for the stream guys hey when you have
time someday you should check out DC
Universe Online for the ps3 you fucks
also lol fuck my car oh my god this is
insanity and it's a wonderful insanity
yes
when does this something that isn't wear
off just when they die maybe I like I
didn't know that you could get two of
them in here they're getting all the
action jag you better let me fucking let
them
fleshie patch says my cock is German but
has nothing to do with Hitler I am I'm
grateful for that
and you've done it with the help of two
people which is great thank you
how do I do this now oh just pretend
Jack's doing a nice friendly gesture
trying to do a friendly gesture well too
late there Jack well too late thanks
guys I appreciate that
aqua Nautilus if he's not lying he or
she says I was Knight beams I am so
happy to have played with you jack
Thanks I really appreciate you helping
me out
so now somebody somebody wants us to
highlight you pointing controller to
work properly
get on that Ridge pump key says it was
to the point it was oh yeah yeah nailed
it nailed it yeah my favorite part of
this is how close were it has to get to
the camera dirty yeah
PAH he Boyd yeah says Mass Effect 3 is
the best game in the best game and the
Mass Effect franchise I Richard Evans
fully endorse this message yeah uh
sellout that's the rules his own rules
which I like so much bald spot oh thanks
thanks not as much as me okay I'm really
in a hot rock and a hard place but there
you are and that's fine okay so wait now
Oh what I have to do oh no now I have to
get a thing right oh shit I forgot I
forgot how I had to do this now hold on
someone is someone in the chat ordinary
you know what someone in the channel
Tommy someone in the chat now what do I
have to do you have to go back to no
rich it's a big ol you know what I'll go
to the hunters dream so I can level off
know which you have to like you have to
do things now in a very specific way and
I forget to do I know it's fine now that
we've signed rules the one true Morty
says hey everybody the one true Morty is
a stupid moron with an ugly face and a
big butt and my butt smells and I like
to kiss my own bud that was a wife
because you donated I'm assuming that
was what you were saying that's why I
put your name in there yeah and not the
I'm I just I'm just assuming
love that my butt smells yeah big but
moat Moses like that's what Moses it was
a Simpsons reference I wasn't
yes the the bart has supernatural powers
episode okay and ER I would have I would
have just said the whole thing properly
with the I'm if I knew all right Jack
the stripper dd7
says rich please say I have no morals
and I love God of War get good Jack ron
paul 2012 oh here now this is the thing
gift from the messengers the eye of the
blood-drunk hunter beckons hunter to the
hunters nightmare
they deformed creature will whisk you
away outside Odin's chapel this is what
we needed it okay great so now we head
over here and we go to the tomb of Odin
Dungeon Master Blaster is rich can you
please read reiterate your explanation
for why that show Big Bang Theory is
shit what I said about Big Bang Theory
and I wanna I want to preface this yes
I'm not sure if I heard somebody else
say this and just got stuck in my brain
yeah I can't guarantee that this is my
own original thought okay I'm the Big
Bang Theory yeah but it's like blackface
there's the nerd version of blackface
it's nerd sploit ation that you know why
you've heard this from me I mean it's
from you this looks for me cuz I've seen
a couple episodes I'd see maybe maybe
half a dozen episodes of The Big Bang
Theory because every you know because
I'm a nerd everyone's oh you must love
the Big Bang Theory and it's horrible
every single joke is at the expense of
the Nerds yes it is nerds ploy tation
it's terrible not only no I mean it's
it's it's the it's the just the worst
stock nerd character ever yep nothing
it's not a unique creation just what so
let's
stereotypical nerd this dork right
threaten young yep little Star Trek he's
completely socially awkward ever even
the the stock stereotypical nerd yeah oh
yeah no and like all the jokes revolve
around how weird he is and man he
doesn't act like normal people act yeah
I gotta get back to the tomb of Odin oh
shit wrong way
I'm dumb I know where I'm going but I
don't I don't know where I'm going where
is the tomb of Odin oh do you didn't I
think I know where it is
oh yeah that's in I know where that is
stereotypical nerds fuck hot blonde
girls question mark have you seen
Revenge of the Nerds because apparently
yes which body cuz that's the goofiest
thing you can do with a nerd that's the
nerd got the hot chick thank you rich
that's what that is that's what it is
right there can you believe that the
nerd got the hot I mean come on what
kind of world you have to get grabbed by
the giant invisible monster on the
outside of the chapel it said I needed
to go to the to move out in that's where
you were this is the tomb right here oh
shit it's right outside the cathedral
Cathedral Ward lamp oh okay well they're
not gonna do that
whoa whoa whoa I believe you
just cuz went on I found maybe I
remember hearing something about that i
frightened you know the order in which
you have to do things to get to the DLC
that you paid for is beautiful I love it
I love that it makes you work like it
makes you do something other than just
pay for it like the monster comes from
over here right
yeah there it is
yeah
lumpy head 97 says rich please for my
ringtone you've you've reached Matt's
phone please leave your message at the
oh my god take that one more time clean
start I thought I gave a little pause
bit okay ready you've reached Matt's
phone please leave your message at the
oh my god nice nice I did it I made it I
made it to the DLC yeah it took us four
hours now we're gonna walk around for
five minutes you're gonna keep getting
your ass kicked then we're done all it
all I need to do looking there's the
lamp this is all I need
well rich Evan this is a perfect rich
evidence impression wait this is the
someone else's saying oh my name is Matt
I'm stealing that yeah
such consistency with the Oh My gods I'm
a parole
everything is new rich
No Oh oh that's right I'm an online mode
again fucking you might need it
huh you may need it I know but all it
does is ruin things for me rich are you
dying what would make you think I'm
dying I've been screaming for an hour
that doesn't help
if it's because my voice sounds off I
got the points for that guy killing
those things yes that's interesting I'm
sure he's going to be perfectly friendly
nope nope who could have imagined that I
should probably look you should probably
look where you're going come down here
and fight me down here I don't want to
fight you up there man
where'd he go I see him
I'm gonna hide behind this rock
now you're gonna hide behind that rock
well I throw a Molotov cocktails at you
is this being incredibly cheap yes is it
gonna work maybe I don't know QbD theory
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true it's another
nice message oh I beg you
thank you I can't read it but thank you
he's legitimately stuck
I am totally teasing him rich with these
windfalls if you considered buying our
lemon firing Mike and Jay and then re
hiring them at a greatly reduced wages
yes two dollars at a time another buck
fifty and I own our own literally that's
how much it's worth
here's the thing though if I bought our
LM I wouldn't be able to get Mike and
greatly reduced wages they would
probably charge an arm and a leg for the
services right and then without them our
ulema then worthless it would be the
worst business decision of all time I
guess I got to fight him now I've been
choosing him for so long
hey you don't have good job cheese bring
down there and hope yes I want to see if
I can quickly fruit pie magician says at
your level I would say parrying them is
your best option
I did say parrying and not parodying
because my brain for after I said that
thought I said parody wrong right but
I'm not sure that's what I did oh my god
right this is what happens when I try to
fight him it just doesn't work
I don't want to fight you I just want to
win Jack the stripper double-oh-seven
says cheesing is the only way to play
this game great this is not necessarily
true but is certainly certainly very
effective I feel terrible about this
there's another one coming oh shit
oh my god
maybe you just want to get the fuck out
of there not some cheesing yet I don't
think you have any choice I know lucky
bastard fuck yeah
run oh I got him a little bit oh I
thought this was a I thought this was
like a boss this is just a normal guy
this is just a normal doing across
hunters hopefully is a random hunter no
it was not like this they respond did
they respond that's I think they do
because there is two ideas then you're
fucked that way there were two
identicals of him then I just used all
my malls for nothing Jim by Jim says
with your best Spanish accent mm-hmm it
says he told sulla hey ma ma che ha I'm
sorry I'm a Sita okay
nasi necesito su leche mamacita I think
that's about right that doesn't sound
right at all
what doesn't sound right about that I
don't know whatever he said do you know
Spanish none then what are you bitching
about what was wrong what was what is
your critique Jack what's wrong with
that the accent was on the wrong I don't
know
they respawn and there's also a boom
hammer man great I feel great about this
melt and mail that says Mexican here
that was alright okay no there you go
rich isn't a literate Hispanic expensive
just says you just endorsed the Spanish
Nazi Party which is quite possible we'd
have no idea we'd have no idea what you
did Public Enemy 11 says the player was
in kin you can also get a beast
transformation mode in the DLC for
blood-borne what I don't know what any
of that is oh oh that's why the play
that's why the other guy looked so funny
Oh transformation transformation mode
well but you know what it doesn't matter
I'm so boned I can't even beat these
guys these are just normal enemies and I
can't beat them so I'm just gonna
concentrate on like picking up shit like
here's a there was a shit here I'm gonna
pick that up I don't know that is old
hunters clubs great and then we're gonna
concentrate on running past this guy
nope
what what oh he came from oh ma fleshy
patch says yeah okay here's the
situation okay my parents went away in a
week's vacation and they left the keys
to the brand new Porsche Willie mind hmm
well of course not Mario Mario 42 here's
the situation a mystic parents one who
sends padding yeah yeah nice so just in
case it's going a little bumpy on use
the situation has anyone really been far
as decided T wait what has anyone really
been far as decided to use even go want
to look more like I think that's
delivery ages too keen on sencence sure
let me know you do it better
has anyone really been far as decided to
use even go to want to look more like I
think I left out a do in their bed it's
fine I'm gonna go okay I got a cap and I
got a gloves that's what I've
accomplished
means old memes is that a thing was a
sentence a thing maybe could be I have
no idea all I know is I can't beat these
two guys more dyslexic than Jack
question more that's what that's what it
sounded like yeah that's how I live
everyday life what has never been far
even as decided to go want to look more
like yep has anyone ever been far even
as decided to go want to do look more
like great rich Evans is not dyslexic
and there's anything wrong with being
dyslexic I'm just there up because
people are saying things then give me
all over me did you know that I just
know I like to be not like anything
wrong with that there's many things
wrong with that
remember woman I do how was that note
helpful I'm not sure this is sarcastic
odd last Fox says by the way now is
versus the Evil Dead worth checking out
get out of here with those jokes with
these shenanigans oaks I think we should
just start our own stream that's that's
after Evil Dead the name of the stream
yeah after dead
getting out of here Walking Dead does
their it's not a stream it's an actual
TV program that's the talking talk show
about the walking dead yep oh my god
that is a lot of enemies on the screen
yep one time I'm just running I'm just
seeing where I can go
I guess there's another one this is all
oh my god oh yay demon Dobermans oh my
god it looks very difficult and I got to
say I don't like a look of it it's you
know what I think it's like a daytime
thing is that why I like I sure man just
it's it's kind of bland looking it's
gray yeah it's brown it's Britta it's
all brown and gray which is not usual
blood-borne which is all you know dark
and black and slimy this is not a slime
use the rest of the bug blood-borne Jack
is to hug me it's Jackie's dogmeat
that's all I'm doing right now is just
seeing how far away can run danger
peanut thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we really
do 14 months Wow they keep subscribing I
don't know they don't understand that
we're bad they just don't get it oh wait
maybe I do want to go yeah you're you're
totally you totally don't belong in this
area nope oh listen I get Creed the game
is saying fuck you get out of my house
this is the same thing what's going on
huh yeah I agree the DLC is this large
area this is there you go you can't have
any of this please go away no it's worse
than that you can hit you can have all
of this is there an unwelcome mat in
front of the entrance to this area you
can have all of this you just don't
deserve it that's what the game is and
yes you take it like the good boy you
are of course I don't deserve it I don't
deserve it but I'll work I'll work hard
for it I'm gonna get it I'm gonna get it
I'm gonna get it this is terrifying
brown and gray oh it's not a shooter so
it's okay I I'm against it I'm saying
this is the blandest area I've seen a
blood-borne what do you want yeah okay
they said there's more stuff if I can if
I can get to the top of those stairs I
was running to there's some more stuff
you know what I hate check what people
yeah yeah hmm I guess I could see that
especially people that put words in your
fucking mouth that weren't there yeah
yeah peace yeah this this this the
strategy of yours is working so well
it's a great plan rich I got a great
plan here I'm gonna run to the top of
these stairs and go to the right go pass
the mob ones go past that guy he's no
he's no good to anyone
roll past the dog roll past the other
dog roll past that guy go to the right
go to not nope shit not up there which
there was an area that looks exactly
like this in blood-borne already what
the Blandin blind wise and what what
sense
shit can't get up there
hey I opened it you know what I did I
progressed I just opened an area well a
friction Jack didn't hate Metal Gear v
so much I get it I get it I'm assuming
that's joke because I did detect I did
like Metal Gear 5 I just hate the story
so I'm assuming that's a joke I have to
or my sanity will just be gone no rich
people think we legitimately hate all
what a fuckin the TV yep I'm not dead
I'm not dead people assume B I do I dare
the nightmare frontier saying look like
this
the nightmare frontier made of weird
like Lakes
yeah the nightmare front and you know
what the nightmare front team was that
have rockin legs didn't it yeah it was
rocks yeah so there was a reason for it
to be brown do rich and Jack like Metal
Gear Solid one two and three not at all
in my case I haven't played I haven't
played anything of 3-1 I thought was I
kind of got it despite hating every
moment of the story and then too I
stopped shortly after starting never
touched three
charging up again oh why did you back
off Oh your health your stamina stamina
stamina Stan
Stanley no stamina stamina why do you
why do you unlock why did you unlock
well that's okay I opened that gate
this will help me maybe I don't know you
have seen less than 5% of the DLC lol
right oh no I'm here way way too early
here's here's my real hope 1 I got it
you know like I unlocked it so now I can
come back any time right so what I'm
hoping I can do is run around like a mad
person and collect just like one cool
thing right one cool thing right now I
got a hat my gloves let's see if I let's
see what the old hunters hat looks like
what are Jack's odds of finding one cool
thing gloves oh yeah see look that's
pretty cool it's pretty cool hat so I
want to run around to find like one cool
thing and then and then you know we'll
stop playing this and play something
else and I'll go back to I'll go back to
where I was in the main game
Wow
is it thicket how long we been playing
this
we started like right at seven what time
- no I have no it's nine we've been
playing this for two hours would you
wanna switch to whatever that we could
switch to a different okay if you would
like yeah let me let me just I'm gonna
try one more run yeah yeah knock your
socks off whatever your whatever your
dumb not gonna but I'm never done
playing blood-borne love blood-borne ooh
somebody says try summoning one of us we
can maybe help you find some cool items
did you want to try that that is not a
bad idea okay I have my password thing
set to prereq where's my bell oh I got
rid of my Bell that's right
why'd you get rid of the Bell Oh cuz I
wanted to equip something else yeah I
had to do it quickly so I just got rid
of my Bell
I mean I still have my balance okay I
just understood like I am a equipped
beckoning vowel
okay I'm using the beckoning Bell my
password similarity is set to prereq all
one word all lowercase we're almost 42
sis racket League you never play that we
could hey we have fun playing rocket
League I love raggedly rocket League is
that shit has fun playing rocket League
rocket League is up there with just
games of like as far as Game of the Year
is concerned night beams help me find
some cool shit just I'm happy I made it
the silver in doubles oh that's three
versus three oh that's great a bell
ringing woman had one
what's a bell ringing woman nope hi my
beams
well if we just a plane just to follow
oh wait what's that what's ringing a
sinister Bell I mean I think it means
you're summoning someone else oh wait
blood echoes retrieved hey Cole hello I
can do this now I know how to do yeah hi
motherfuckers you you know what's going
on over here I don't I'm following you
Oh relentless freak juices I wasn't
being sarcastic I would very much like
to play rocket League oh you're doing it
you're doing it I'm the help of two
professionals I was gonna say I'm not
doing anything I'm almost dying two
crows that's how bad I'm doing oh I
killed that one crow there we go oh shit
like I definitely just swing your sword
your eggs whatever it is I desperately
want to stay out of their way oh there's
a go I see there's a cool thing okay oh
this is just like the the Cathedral this
is this is just like Cathedral oh okay
I've been paying much attention but you
know in in like the light time just
don't die Jackie focus I'm not dying
where we going guys you lead the way I'm
just I'm just here those two guys are
like tech support for Jack yes I'll take
it
hey guys PayPal is trying to fuck you
Oh nobody can tip anymore PayPal may
have frozen your typical oh well that
seems where when we have time I guess
we'll investigate that
oh and Anne today and there we go
what apparently there's just technical
issues I see the email right here hold
please you're receiving too much money
and twos and ones well I think that
that's probably a thing where they're
just like are you are you dealing drugs
that's gonna be that is gonna be my
email from PayPal right now is do do you
deal drugs
oh my god I get one moment please your
count
yeah it just wants to make sure that
it's still me I just need to I need to
add in some yep I need sad and some tax
information yes thank you PayPal for
stopping people from putting money into
my account well no it wants to make sure
that it's still me that I'm that I'm a
legitimate business so it wants me to
reenter my tax identification number
my employer tax identification number
you play the game I'm good you're
waiting for the uncoming stream oh my
god oh my god oh well I need to hear you
play the game and I owe my god and then
I'll send in the relevant information
oh you haven't done that yet yeah oh
yeah I need to do okay do you want to
ring a bell or you know oh I'm not gonna
fuck your game what do you want to do
that's not blood-borne if we're not
gonna play ball born well the other
thing we'll talk about oh yeah we could
do that one moment oh I'm meeting
hitting X to dodge because I'm an idiot
you died okay the way you said that I
thought you already done it I'm like Oh
jack knows his tax thing my heart oh
that's interesting
no I have it in I have it in here I need
to uh one moment please
would you very careful you know you guys
can't see my password like reflected off
of my glasses for my phone in this tiny
little part of the screen that's
actually not a terrible point
oh I was absolutely kidding there's
there's just no way there's no way you'd
be able to see any nope Wow like one hit
do do doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo dude still no no I
haven't fixed that we're not we're gonna
we're gonna paypal yet you guys you guys
have been too generous
and now PayPal is suspicious what are
you doing over there you dealing dress
what Spri right cuz that's some kind of
dope that's some kind of some kind of
speedball is this the new drugs the kids
are into
I wish officer I wish we had those kind
of numbers
oh shit which button is this rolls light
light attack ghetto god
get up in his jam and light attack stop
it PayPal's think this is the most
active prostitute we've ever seen
and cheap too let's get it on this oh
look at him yeah no wonder
click the nevermind button I wouldn't
pay $2 Fett who the heck is paying for
these jackasses bump-bump-bump now I
have the gunk stuck in my head they're
doing some kind of drug called lol fuck
my cock
raising me one hit okay did you do to to
to to to to to to do doot doot alright
riposte
yes strategy is not working oh okay I'm
sorry no you're not sorry you should
know I'm not sorry at all I'm trying to
figure out this pic understand do you
yeah do you I don't need
pardon me one moment
I am I am terrible at this section of
the game which I have never seen before
and I'm under under level before but I'm
still terrible item oft we need an FTL
victory run I had one last night when I
was at the streaming and I kind of I
kind of wish the teleporter once so
weren't so overpowered on the boss
because the only sane strategy for the
mothership is teleporter kill off all
the crew except for one in the first
phase and disable the missile washer
always disable the missile launch that's
the first thing you have to do nope nope
nope
see I I'm not healing because I know
Jack was having health file problems
earlier and I don't want to use all this
hope vials not getting any further in
this game basically I'm just killing
time till he gets back cuz I don't want
to ruin his run his game I don't you
know whatever whatever there I will not
be playing FTL tonight actually I guess
there's no point to beat around the bush
but the plan was to play more
battlefront I'll fly some space ships
like the bishops
oh I wasn't targeting him that was that
was a mistake
that's right in battlefront I am a great
layup do I have an opinion on the super
Star Wars series first nests no not
really
it's fine action platformer with Star
Wars characters that's pretty fun
but even at the time it was never one of
my favorite games oh shit fuck this oh I
got
this is just this is just brutal
plus my camera is inverted Oh God
Oh didn't mean to do that
does it mean to do that didn't mean to
do that
Oh God Oh God it's unforgiving jack
unforgiving okay yep all right
everything's fine this should be cleared
up hopefully soon it was just one of
those things where is like the the
amount of small transactions was just
enough to be like you need to double
verify that you're an actual business
come on make sure give me the info
because PayPal they don't give a fuck if
you're a prostitute or there we go great
as long as you pay your taxes as long as
you're off of PayPal's back they don't
give a fuck fleshy pad says derp PayPal
my donations have resulted in zero blow
jobs thanks for your concern well there
you go it's true it's true zero blow
jobs I was open an account of donations
by way I would really hope so unless we
should pool the money afterwards gonna
go to a prostitute then it will have
just not yours
that's what is your plan run
my plan is to run and what is your
somewhat longer term as planned yeah we
can stop playing there's anything you
want what l Metron 106 --is what's this
talk about under level what's this talk
a lot under level you know you don't
have to level up and from soft games
just get good that's true
Jack the stripper DD seven says I rich
Evans hereby endorse and subscribe nope
not gonna say it fuck off there you go
now I said I rich Evans subscribed to
loving puppies and kittens yeah and
everyone is wonderful and great and life
is good there you go
I'm not gonna read anything you said I
see you over there that's the kind of
shit that'll ruin it for everybody
ya know I read the me3 one so you know
this is bad
there's all sorts of weird shit around
here
oh sweet
shit fucking sweet shit look at that
thing
fuck fuck don't look at that thing run
away you can't run away
you can't sweet mother of monkey milk
look at that thing
oh there's gotta be something awesome
behind that door all right Jack was one
for you to say by Doyle 871 okay Doyle
871 says okay let's see here
this was her Jack rich I love you you
glorious bastard oh and fuck my cock
okay uh anonymous says here's the money
please ship my drugs to peel box 400
PayPal doesn't give a fuck and then
there's an address and it might be
someone's address so I'm not gonna read
it that's great they don't give a fuck
man am I are you paying your taxes not
my problem then that's what PayPal says
yeah I recognize that obviously Lucas
says the thing that just killed you is
actually the nightmare version of the
gigantic ax dude guarding the alleyway
at the start of the game yeah yeah I
loved it so cool looking
Oh oh fuck fuck fuck just keep running
that's what my plan is
oh look at this just a boss what echoes
art Reeves how did it what Lindsay
yo-yo-yo-yo says hey hey hey hey hee hee
I like poo poo and pee pee hey gahafer
Jack says excited for the game Awards in
December third question mark also would
you like prereq to become big enough
where you can do it full-time say with
daily streams and hiring more people
anything against me more money is fine
by me I you know I I would love to be
able to do some you know pretty like pre
Rick I would like to be able to do like
to dedicate more of my time to prereq
sure you know obviously like we don't
make a ton of money here and I still
need to keep my job I don't know that I
would ever be a good enough journalist
so like go to the game developer
conference right give honest like
opinion and feedback on what's going on
there well this game right I got
something I got an item I'm just a
schmuck essentially whoo I got the eye
pendant that unlocks the surgery altar
well there you go
does that alter you a surgery that must
be like it's a new thing I can probably
do now that's great love that rich you
hack you didn't read mine well we have
80 of them at once I might have missed
it
I see what I'm what I have here
DJ 8 1996 you didn't meet the 2 dollar
minimum requirement now if you donate
another 50 cents I will
well maybe read it unless you're
horrible like that other one I mean you
know the message isn't that great I mean
you could donate another 50 cents but I
just hold on your money hang onto it you
gotta be honest dick brutally honest
Cass the Savior thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Jack would say it's true we really do if
you weren't running for his fucking life
and blood-borne like a little coward
like a little girl like it's like a tiny
little girl
I believe little girls have more balls
than I do
right now I'm just I'm just running it
for my life afraid of everything that's
around me Fung Crockett says I can't
wait to do a line of Jimmy James I'll be
seeing spikes everywhere future future J
says the economic crash in Greece has
lowered the rate for prostitutes from
fifty three dollars to two dollars and
twelve cents just saying incidentally he
donated
so you have any more luck in this area
yeah these guys I can deal with this is
this is like this is yarman yeah but a
little more ruined a little more ruined
a little more gray a little more gray
and you know I just keep pushing forward
I would love to fuck you what why I paid
the $2 and didn't get anything rich may
I at least change the message to
something you'll say question Berg sure
what do you type it's a cup so you type
it in the chat No
while World War Jack have you gotten any
of the new weapons I like the fire thing
Jack jet can barely survive did you see
me running for my goddamn life oh yeah
where is there a new head stoner
wait a minute
rich how was Jack's turkey oh boy
did you tell let you tell the turkey
story hopefully yeah hopefully you guys
heard that I I couldn't deep-fry and it
was raining too hard so Jack was good it
was just regular turkey though that I
had but I appreciate that
great way thank you I'm sorry that I
could not provide you some Brussels
sprouts and bacon it's actually a pretty
good combo that great yeah yeah you just
cut up Brussels sprouts put some bacon
in olive oil put it in the oven it's
great wait how do I get back
Banga Doug says oh my groin oh my groin
what's wrong with your face
what what what my precious Night Court
tape won't play in my VCR what what what
what what what what what what anonymous
says will you read movie spoilers for
money oh here's one but Bruce Willis's
character in The Sixth Sense was dead
the whole time so apparently I will read
movie spoilers for money Wow
maybe maybe just older ones sure but
then again there's a lot of new remorse
me I haven't seen the man just don't
know spoiler yeah I guess I will
hey where's the surgery altar I found
the headstone CBDs theory says that was
like an entire fan script yeah that's
great so over here this headstone that
uh that the doll sometimes comes that's
how you get to the the nightmare okay
which is neat but I got a pen dude
I gotta pendants where's the new altar
that sounds fantastic that where's the
new altar there's the new altar someone
in the chat where's the new altar I want
to fuck with my body Anonymous is Jack
this is important I'm gonna need to know
okay it's life or death
okay do you still remember the
differences between rows and columns
like the columns in the Coliseum rows
columns he did it folks were whoever in
the chat said that I've never thought
about columns like columns that hold up
a building before and that did it that
just did it that air it's gonna stay
there whoever in chat said that first
thank you cuz now I will all forever
remember that columns are up-and-down
rows or side to side so yes by the way
that's a good question
you're getting lots of congratulations
and well done jack has learned yay you
know learning is not easy
can't find worse that where's the body
altar
does anyone know where the bad altar is
MC Lucas said that the surgery altar has
passed the first DLC boss oh so
basically you're never gonna see it I'm
never never that's that guy so I'm gonna
read it first
oh wait no different guy different guy
but it's the one with the missing $0.50
all right DJ 1996's apologies for the
missing 50 cents I'm from Canada and the
currency was all messed up oh yeah this
should be enough so sorry for the
mistake guys you can buy at least five
Greek prostitutes with this new tip you
guys and your Greek prostitutes alright
DJ is original comment yeah uh yeah I
want to order one gram of coke maybe
some meth and adderall
should be enough for all that you were
50 actually it wasn't enough it was 50
cents 50 cents short but thank you thank
you we appreciate it I think it's great
I think it's great that you guys are
just pushing this boundary with PayPal
that's fine when when I get when I get
audited next year this is all on record
this is all saves on record and I'll
have to improve receipts for all this
and and my accountant is gonna look at
all this and go what the fuck were you
thinking
I wanted to be funny I mean it and he'll
go
okay obviously I'm not going anywhere
soon all right this is important this is
important Jack when you put the Brussels
sprouts and bacon is the bacon raw or
cooked okay
so here's here's the important part with
the Brussels sprouts and bacon one you
got to cut off the stems of the Brussels
sprouts it has like a little stub of a
stem to cut the Brussels sprouts in half
or if they're very large in quarters
that'll make them cook a little faster
now put it in a bowl with some olive oil
salt and pepper mix it all up so the
olive oil kind of coats everything then
you put in the bacon raw raw you put in
the bacon raw 375 about 4550 minutes
okay and you want to wait until you want
to wait until the Brussels sprouts look
almost overdone you want those the outer
layer of the Brussels sprouts to be like
dark and crunchy you're even the ones we
gave you weren't quite done enough yeah
they're good yeah yeah but like Jack
given confront confirmation jack gave me
the shitty Brussels well you know no
everyone got the shitty Brussels sprouts
because the turkey had to go in the oven
and not the deep fryer
so everything so everything was messed
up but bacon goes in raw once the bacon
gets crispy and the outer layer of the
Brussels sprouts gets crispy it's like
nothing you'll ever write it's great
effort the oven is the best way to cook
bacon because it cooks evenly it is only
got literally I don't know next up on
Brussels sprout chat Dylan lip says
Kickstarter wrap up review episode when
also spoilers Vader is Luke's father
you know these spoilers are all fun and
games and city guys mentioned something
recent not sure he means by the
Kickstarter wrap-up slash review episode
I think we talked about this once we
rich and I have a lost episode of prereq
where we reviewed early access games oh
yeah yeah we did we did a necrodancer
visible link it was we did a full we did
a full necrodancer
Oh what it was finished when it was
finished yeah still like it
yeah and we did recap on stream and the
recap is I didn't much invisible ink for
me lost a lot of its polish lots of lost
a lot of its newness so I didn't I
didn't much care for it now that the
full release is here crypt of the
necrodancer still amazing in grade and I
still want it on my Vita which may or
may not happen but I haven't I'll admit
I haven't replayed it much but I still
do like invisible ink yeah and it was
very satisfying beating it on normal
mode with an actual last map and whatnot
and you know I thought the last map was
like no spoilers I thought it was a real
letdown after beating it where it's just
like oh it's one of those things I don't
know like I said it just it became more
boring for me and it lost all that
newness that would have carried me over
the normal boringness because I played
it in early access the campaign could
have been a bit longer
I think but I've heard I haven't really
played the DLC yet I've heard that's
what the deal see actually does they I
don't know there's some other story
twists in there okay so yeah and and
creepers the necrodancer really loved it
crypt of the necrodancer the greatest is
even better done yeah it's the great
anonymous says movie spoiler in Star
Wars Episode one The Phantom Menace near
the final suppes of the film - two of
the most popular characters Jedi Master
qui-gon jinn and Sith Lord Darth Maul
die Pizza train 11 says thanks for the
golden shower guys love r.kelly all
right I'm out of here are you done yeah
I mean truth be known I i could keep
playing this oh yeah yeah and what what
I'm gonna do it the only problem is the
area I'm at now is an area I've actually
streamed before that old yarman yeah and
I just don't want to redo all the armor
for the stream but okay huh and we have
we have another game that we could play
I've told them awareness you have okay
battle fraud
battlefront battle battle of duty which
sounds like it's kind of a nice name for
it right battle fraud battle fraud Star
Wars of duty okay
star star wars star wars have give us
money yeah yeah basically Star Wars have
give us money hmm so let's do that
these guys should be out playing bingo
bingo you want put a bingo
sure let's play bingo b23 yay i won yay
i won eject my shiny shiny head here we
go alright you can read I've read 18 of
the Oh convenient stream hey guys just
want you guys weren't like a cooking
show creative stream a creative cooking
show stream this is what you're asking
for
I want you to think about this I can do
my sandwich that's just like French
bread or sourdough bread like cut like a
sub oh cheese and the onions the orange
peppers I'm decoding the things one it's
weird
are you doing then you're weird
yeah I like cooking I like cooking and I
cook a lot I cook every day all right so
you said you found split screen for this
or something oh yeah yeah you can grab
that uh that control that control our
there is so they have a offline
split-screen game and it's basic it's
waves you know your two guys then you
have to defeat waves of enemies think up
so you guys should play battlefront
waiting where we playing oh you know
what we really should do is update the
stream
call it previously cooked is a joke
about how foot on cooking shows is
always there that's a very clever idea
that's a very clever idea
okay
single or cooperative action don't have
to turn on my controller trum yeah I
only go to HDMI one when I don't know I
don't know why anything happens right
GLW
yo whoa uh-huh says I hear you jack my
accountant is a big fat dumb ass to open
he gets rectal cancer though a little
bit far that's a little too far no my
eye I enjoy my accountant he helps me
pay my taxes and that keeps me out of
jail l met Ron lol Menten 106 says yeah
yeah either do a cooking show or star in
a remake of face off where's the faceoff
connection what you just logged in as me
and now you turned to take team I won
again for some reason I thought I was
cooking a new user you know this is why
you guys like the FaceCam you

[Part III]
this is why you guys like the FaceCam
you like to see a scramble that was a
great save that was that was that was an
amazing save you did it okay one first
thing first things first we are going to
right right Jim be Jam says for both of
you Sara song that everyone seems to
love that you absolutely hate what is it
I'm not really Numa lettuces jack here's
money for eggs I love eggs like I like
bad to the bone does everyone hate bad
to the bone I don't think anyone hates
Ben I like don't fear the reaper or just
the reaper everyone seems to think that
that's a joke song because of one
Saturday Night Live skit yeah okay who's
this
wait this is me you okay so now you hit
the PS button and you go to new you they
thought was that new user
play is a guest well I had a freakout
last time I did that do not sign it
no yep okay now you are guest yeah I I
think I fixed
okay great all right now we're ready to
go
hi okay
no I really like my accountant like I
said he keeps me out of jail by telling
me what taxes to pay which i think is
really important mmm jelly have one for
the free dlc did you only get one map
for them for the new movie mm-hmm this
game is such a fucking ripoff sure is it
sure is Wow Wow the balls on EA games
yep four Maps fresh fucking balls 60
bucks for maps technically five if you
want to include all spaceship maps is
one map because you know they do it
really doesn't matter like what's on the
ground for the spaceship battles right
yeah spaceship okay where do you want to
survive I don't give any shit I survive
on let's survive on Hoth sure
okay press X great
I think I think it worked great
yeah this is this is a tremendous ripoff
of a game they they take DLC to a new
low the DLC is the battle of jakku rich
which takes place before the force
awakens get it together but you can
choose your weapon a lot of good options
a lot of good options this one's
interesting
it's like a it's basically it's like a
one-shot kill but you have to be really
close okay yeah this this is Boba Fett's
gun I hey Han Solo's gun
that's fine how do I make sure I'm in
vertigo I have no no idea on hands you
know you can choose different things
probably hit the pause button or the
options button the graphics in this game
are like shaking keys in front of a
small child sure it's distracting but
how long can you really be invested in
it that's exactly the game looks great
well I will read things when I'm done
playing game yeah it looks great and it
plays fine
the problem is there's just no there's
no meets there there's no you know what
there's meat but there's no potatoes
alright oh oh settings then Washington I
press up Wow
you good yeah you're in the bottom okay
I'm on the top riches on the bottom and
it's waves it's just waves we have to
just kill all the guys that sounds kind
of boring yeah but you know you see if
you can make it all the way I think you
just kind of hang out here are the wait
they're behind us no no yep
great I got him
okay did you get yours mine what did you
think
I felt one guy great I killed three and
then I got hit a few times by this laser
cannon so I backed up oh nice
just being smart Jack I'm not smart I
just I just stand in the middle here and
shoot I'm not smart about things I have
I don't have a rapid-fire round around
so I'll probably ride do you remember
that from the movie oh I fucking hate
controller controller aiming yeah okay
oh so also are one the the right bumper
is your grenade yeah and then l1 is you
get like you get your Bacchus bow okay
but only for one shot one shot one shot
so it's an amazing shot ah maybe I
actually have no idea claim the pod
there's a pod I don't know you gotta
claim the pod was the positive Star Wars
thing I don't know her
where's the pod oh it's over here thing
the pod
let's go get that fucking pod there it
is claiming average can you claim those
pods say we got the pot now we got to
defend ourselves
we did it we got to defend the pod now
right yeah I'm right by the pot right
the frame the pod I'm just gonna shoot
it the guys that walk out why does that
need
elaboration Jack I need some extra
context cuz just shooting at the context
is defend the pot because shooting at
the guys might get boring rich don't you
think so you think that just shooting
guys might get boring without extra
context I've played a little bit of a
Star Wars game and you know what
shooting at the guys gets a little
boring a Jedi Knight so Mikey
Johnny your Hulk ass sequel
gonna flank him no not where are they oh
you got him already
great you did it yeah yeah I don't need
your help check you think I need you I
thought you might have just appreciated
my help
I shot that guy in the kneecaps you know
why a fucking bad-ass or just a prick
possibly break but close the door it's
cold in here
both of us are it's hot why is that door
open right run barking Admiral Armour oh
oh shit what's that 80s seas do we need
health sure all right wide open but what
if it's a waste what if we don't need it
it'll always help extra life oh my god
they're our lives we got lives
I guess where's that 80s day I got a
rocket launcher oh good he's at the door
no not the bow
oh that really helped wow that's a check
shit no it's really helped look at his
life where's this life at on top of them
you took out most of his life you did it
I didn't see anything that said anything
about life it was a little bar on top of
it was I'll have to take your word for
it it was a little bar on top of his
head
you did it rich you saved the galaxy oh
there's another pod okay okay get to
claim the pilot I don't know what I'm
doing there's a white thing on the thing
and follow the thing nope not this way
here is climb the pod got to climb the
pod that sounded a little rain man ask
definitely definitely gotta clean the
pod definitely gotta clean the pod all
right we got the pot the pot is claimed
I'm gonna blow some shit up
where they are the other there over on
this side a little bit
and now that I'm fair
can we just like have Admiral Ackbar
speak through an interpreter because I
hate listening to him what are you
talking about
I'm a great specialist Roger except for
my lack of understanding or I don't know
I lost my nice my Greg I I don't bother
my god that's option shit shit it was a
trap I set down a turret back here where
I am oh great
we're dead behind you
what behind me there's nothing behind me
yeah they're up here oh shit they got a
jet pack oh I got it what's this what's
this again
Tara what did you get I got a proximity
bullshit this Oh what are those
proximity bullshit well ever again
I'm gonna put here in case of Walker
comes out no that's you don't shoot my
partner
punch you in the dick
serpentine and motherfucker get out of
here great too easy you know we I mean
we're playing on normal
what's even get this sounds fancy a
vehicle Turin tactic of where you at huh
where you at oh I went I went to where
the old pod was we have to go to the new
pot now I'm gonna put my vehicle turret
down okay new pod go go run to the new
pod rich run to the whole pod so I can
get drops or something there well
there's one more drop left at the old
pod not the old pod the first pod
do it rich you can do it I believe in
you may the force be with you
and with and also with you you okay
yeah did you get him did you get all the
bad guys you guys shoot them the bad
guys rich you know why yeah away from me
Jack I'm going towards the good stuff
we're getting split up and that's bad
that's true you know what bad means nope
let's lay down in a proximity reminder
right right here I don't even know what
I have great you oh you have a bomb
I guess just a bomb I guess I have no I
don't know either rich how do you tell
the difference in Star Wars how do you
tell there's who that like a power
coupling or uh right I laid down a
couple proximity was that one of Star
Wars what is that there's Star Wars in
them and yeah there's a Power Star no
that was a Death Star rich get it
together they're saying I have a shield
oh well then there you go that sounds
fantastic great where did you get you
got a shit where I saw the bad guys is
there another like this is there a pod
dude he got Jack Jack I've got a bad
feeling about this I said the thing did
you say anything from something from
Star Wars okay oh hey there oh there's
an invisible guy did you see that guy
yeah I just shot him bunch times he was
invisible
it was inadvisable where they have where
they ever
check your math up writer yeah your
turns girls can't shoot my turret bitch
but bitch oh oh there's a new treat no
that's fine that's fine I'll go get that
treat I'll be back I'll be right back
we're not splitting up by following her
okay okay I'll be right back I'm gonna
pick up the new treat that's one that's
130 of them come out the door next to me
Oh another proximity bomb let's go back
out into that wide open area with no
cover
that seems oh yeah that seems like a
smart idea it's been working great
boom proximity bomb where's everybody
did we win nope we didn't did we Star
Wars I think so
did we Star Wars at least I think we
start wars great no there's still guys
there's still at least four star wars
left rich you find the Star Wars I'm
gonna run over here oh okay you know why
there's thing there's the thing and
obliterate iron I'm running towards it
that's what you do it's got a help on it
and help this good okay I got all the
Star Wars we're doing great with the
hearts we got we have four hearts and we
used to have two hearts so I think we're
doing great
ooh pod oh we have to go outside for the
pod Ridge that sounds a bad idea too bad
we're doing it of course they're getting
things that said charge what does that
mean all right we got the pod there's
security the area around the scape pod
that sounds good great I have I have a
big gun I have a big gun rich and I'm
gonna shoot people with it this is my
plane at least you got that door covered
I got the store covered I'm gonna I have
the big door covered because I have this
big gun so I'm gonna shoot people with
my big gun it's gonna be fucking awesome
no one's coming out my dorm they're
coming out your door they're not going
out my doors I grenaded him
why aren't they coming out my door they
don't like you well maybe they know like
the big gun is proclaiming their radar I
can see there they exist that way yeah
yeah
I'm waiting for them to come out I'm
baiting them yeah I thought you you yeah
I'm I'm over that way don't shoot me
oh damn it they're coming out this
little door again are they all just
funneling out that little door cuz they
don't want to face me and my big gun
well that would be the smart thing I'll
kill all the guys you just do nothing
okay
yeah well I'll make them come on your
door by proving that you know over there
is too dangerous
where'd you go did you go in yeah you
went where all the bad guys are I want
to shoot bad guys yeah I guess that's
what my Johnny's got to shield yeah I
dropped my shield there's three enemies
left rich three enemies left
we got super dupes we got here orbital
strike proximity bomb I got an orbital
strength that sounds awesome it sounds a
lot more awesome than my proximity bomb
I like proximity bombs because then you
can like lay traps
really I hit that guy like 20 20 times
another shield yeah
I'm behind you well no not you there
dickhead with the cloaking device what
the Han Solo gummy yeah yeah is that
what you're using I think so
looks enough like it yeah you know what
and when I play online a lot of people
use the Han Solo gun because it's really
good but that's one that you have to
earn like you're playing and shit yeah
preparing for next wave I'm gonna stand
here because I have an orbital strike
and I cannot only use that outside
that's okay that one someone pass my
persimmon mine a big day so that's good
great so if they come from outside I got
them oh shit they're coming from inside
you got over there yeah
great I love that we're working as team
ok I got a couple inside I'm moving in
move in okay I'm moving in this oh I see
him over here
sniping I did I can't believe I hit him
from that far away two enemies left two
enemies left they're coming in at your
20 my what the fuck does that mean
they're coming it's Roger they're there
over and out
I got one more and Star Wars god damn it
what they were there they were just that
so god damn it I'm sorry okay I really
want to use my orbital strike
I really hope someone comes outside
girls this is AI or Elsa I got the most
useless power I don't want to be outside
when you use that I'm gonna hang it out
in here okay that's it you know what
that sounds like a good idea I don't
think they're coming out I think they're
coming from inside again I think these
guys are smart where they say you know
what they could call orbital strikes
okay we're all in here well shit
oh my god they're all in there yep
you're one
your lady keeps talking to me oh that's
you I'm sorry no that wasn't you they
looked just like you
that was a tense rich easy fucking easy
there's a new drop pod okay I see it
that's outside all right I'll grab them
whatever this is this discharge I know
what it does but I'm picking it up okay
I'm gonna get this dry pod give me an
outside enemy oh good
a TST one will strike that bitch where
is it
shit shit shit shit where is it where is
it
do you just please leave me behind yep
I'm waiting for the 80s D come in come
inside
shit shit shit
don't die don't die don't die don't die
don't die a my date I'm just gonna go
hide and recover health cuz that's
something you can do stop shooting at me
bad Star Wars guys oh shit
shit shit shit those 80s tees I mean
business
yeah what
two enemies left who's left while the
80s to me the obvious is something else
I'm going back to the pot is there
anything else that it dropped huh no
there's my crack somebody mine story huh
shit over here I don't like some other
dickhead picking us off while there's an
80s D around oh there is I see him
okay I got the other dickhead oh I wish
help that I have apparently a lot of it
we were unlocking the the controls to
them that's the purpose of that wave I
didn't know that
we did it rich unlocking the control
must new Star Wars yeah that Star Wars
look I mean we did shit man
we Star Wars the shit out of that Jar
Jar is the kita yes John Terry's the kid
out of us
I assume you're playing on easy or
normal says Ulta my sir yes we were
playing on normal sorry future future
Jason says you took out an 80s tee with
a pistol we do we do I did I did that
thing that's great that was great that
was we sure didn't Star Wars now
something harder please
what Dix what horrible horrible what
other stuff can you do co-op we can go
against each other no we can try if you
want them I'm so bad with the controller
in battles we we can only face each
other and we get armies mm-hmm but we
can't be on the same there's one try
sure let's do it the to weand yeah I
mean no I'll go normal because normal is
finally drinking continue first thanks
again
is FL is Ethel GILF in this game no not
to not to my knowledge
it could be Ethel under Boba Fett's mask
we don't know maybe Ethel you know gave
up her job as a hunter and became a
bounty hunter
so we can't be on the same side in
battles we can not be on the same side
metals no chat we cannot be on the same
side we can not be on the same side of
battles so which would you prefer
yeah okay oh you get to be a hero yeah
apparently nothing to be hero I'd rather
I never got a chance to be hotter Luke
okay good there's a lot though let's try
Luke gonna try and Luke try Luke I got
the raloo Bloods but it was kind of
quick okay then I'm gonna be bad I never
did get to be Han someone threw one more
worm Han okay then I'll know what it's
like to be Han Solo Luke vs boba fuck
was gonna be terrible
probably
oh my god what runs like such a derp
so Boba Fett does not have liked the the
scoping thing he his normal scope is a
yeah is a jetpack
do-do-do-do-do-do
raise everybody
haha fine deflect a rocket I'm gonna
light you on fire
oh you beat me yet I fuck feel my wrath
you're not supposed to have wrath you're
supposed to be a Jedi who's almost evil
almost evil hey fire just help not
regenerate with the nod for heroes
you got you I think one of my teammates
got you I think your computer got you
that's fine
can't win them all I really not
whoa whoa whoa damn it
your Jedi true oh man I'm so far behind
I just got to kill some of your goons I
think where's all your goons hired goons
yeah that's not flannel yeah oh there's
my guys
have it not beating me with your
lifesaver
that's fun yeah no I don't like it I
think it's mean when you hit me with
your lightsaber you go yeah
there's not so fun is it it was pretty
little help from killing all your guys
yup yup stop pushing me away yum yum yum
yum
couldn't be just a nice single-player
game he plays league honey wouldn't that
be fun
Oh Hank you won I think you won oh it's
fun
that was fun does it give you a gamer
you run around as Luke Skywalker doing
shit like that that'd be fun that would
be a lot of fun multiplayer only for
maps a hundred and twenty dollars that's
why that's why Jack yeah we only have to
make four maps this way exactly exactly
exit I haven't been around the past week
do they have opinions on battlefront yet
I mean yeah yeah yeah
kind of nice neat runaround Soros sure
do I want plays hon oh yeah can you
never got a chance plays on sure I'll
have the other night see here let's do a
hero Battle of Sullust hero battle of
soul most you're gonna be hon yeah yeah
okay then I'm gonna be Vader although I
haven't been the Emperor yet he was kind
of silly
never she didn't play hero mode much
mm-hmm I haven't played hero mode much
still still feeling it out yeah this
game has voice options for Spanish and
Mexican Spanish wow I don't like I don't
know I didn't know that was different I
guess they're they're different
countries oh my god he looks awful
he looks like modern-day Harrison Ford
Palkia looks better the feeds enemies
and pickup tokens whoa
I am coming for you
you cannot defeat me I also cannot find
you oh yeah yeah I found you
eat it
eat it Wow yeah
Palpatine your dick you dick you dick
I'd eat a dick eat a dick dick I do not
accept yourself and down oh is that a
brick the brick dick
what
oh he's got um he has something like
Leia's help pick up yep I am unstoppable
I'm coming up to kill you now come here
honey come here on a way to go ahead and
are you running away are you are you up
here no you're not appear what I really
thought you were up here
ah
oh I've out you I'm coming for you
yeah yeah yeah yeah
all right
not fuck you
stop it
wait stop running away from me I want to
give you a hug I want you to be my
special boyfriend
there you are you dick you dick come
here I'm going to get you don't run away
for Bobby
what B is here to stay
pat be the Lord and Emperor right I mean
I am I'm the Emperor like he definitely
feels incredibly overpowered but shit oh
I didn't take any damage from that phone
like he feels incredibly overpowered but
I think he should
cuz he's you know the Emperor but that's
just not very fair Hey
that hell is that health pickup yeah you
can't you can't defeat the health pickup
hey stormtroopers you guys want to hang
out after this we can go to the bar I'll
be killed if LP kills he'll be gonna
kill you and then I'm gonna date your
mom take her out for Bologna cuz I ain't
paying for no hamburgers Pappy my cheap
cheap cheap son of a bitch anyway
where'd you go
can make make make I'd kill you I didn't
kill you I'm actually really surprised
that I did not kill you get up the
stairs pal P yeah yeah
honey honey Eau de lie you will be mine
that heel is that fucking heels that
heel I didn't die once
I didn't die once cuz that heel no one
can beat the Emperor with a heel like
that you can't what now
hmm what now I'm like I said I'm pretty
bored of this game if you wanna do some
space battles I know you really enjoyed
your yeah you have to use my controller
and then don't forget to invert yep
the the fighter squadron that's what
you're looking for I want to fuck more
yeah yeah all right you want to read so
that one stuff we didn't get to oh
that's true you know what mr. trash man
would like to remind you that when I
throw down that heel
you could pick it up - okay I have to be
near you you have to be near me yeah we
gonna happen I'm lightning might have
been
thank you
anonymous says I don't have anything to
say I just wanted to see your face close
up as you read this
and citizen one one eight has some very
sarcastic remarks about us playing Star
Wars Battlefront 2015 brought to you by
dice games in eh ok you know there
there's some so far in playing the game
and I'm not you know I don't have too
many hours in but here's what I'm gonna
say is there is some dumb fun to be had
in Star Wars Battlefront and that's it
there's no there's no substance which I
get it shouldn't be a surprise like it's
not a surprise
and I remember you have to find some
humans yeah yeah they're not human I'm
just gonna consider them observant of
opportunity oh yeah yeah yeah obviously
you have to destroy enough to win anyway
easy pickings rich easy easy picture you
could share this event don't shoot
I'm sure what huh a little thing cop
popped up and said oh you got a kill you
could share this event what
I'm sorry what
I got a transport ship but a lot of
people are attacking rich you might want
to go to Finland that gets the extra
point where am I want to shoot this guy
or you want a Jew deck I mean you know
either way you do you rich well and then
that was destroyed so you know
congratulations you've destroyed it and
the Empire's hope for victory in this
particular battle oh you can't get away
from rich Evans that easy or maybe you
can't
no no he's oh yeah nice you actually did
not get a kill you didn't get the kill
him someone else got the killer so you
know you did the work co-op whoo nice
beautiful affair I really thought you're
gonna eat it there for a second
whoo that's a crash
Aisling universe
nice maneuvers doctor crash
rich stay on target stay on target it's
like what they said in the movie
this makes my head spin along dammit
Black Hawk Down so now their supply ship
is leaving and you want it looks like
people are doing a pretty good job
killing it but you want to make sure
that that dies - that could yes all
right I just probably people up yeah I'm
just you know I want to make sure you're
playing the game to its fullest I want
dirty fights Jack are you playing this
on hard cuz that's the only one who'd
enjoy it on his fullest your son bitch
Jack it's true it's true
I'm quite the son of a bitch son of a
bitch yes how can I help you I didn't do
it's not a ski to bed dad how much to
shut you up how much how much to shut me
up us eat of adapter Pow Wow whose do
for free I guess you're still on your
emperor palpatine high is that what you
know yeah yeah defeating defeating you
in open combat after I slaughtered you
as Luke Skywalker defeating you with an
obviously overpowered character was
really satisfying
you I didn't keep remembering the
postman that seems you know how we wash
that the oh that's right you were
watching the postman I think that's I
think that's wonderful
I'm having a shitty round you know
you're just getting your wings back but
you guys are ahead now so that's
something oh no yes get him rich Sikkim
oh that's the Falcon rich you've got to
kill the Falcon l1 is a boost by the way
I can't I can't
oh my god you right now cuz Richard
battled nice fucking kill that Falcon
fucking kill him
oh well they got you back yeah
oh wow you know a couple teacups you
know what come with me hooks that is a
good question what gobbledygook has
asked us a very important question yeah
where were I am particularly making fun
of this game because it has no substance
yeah
but as gobbledygook points out you and I
both love rock Utley mmm which other
than pure gameplay has no substance but
here is the big difference cavity hooks
the substance of rocket League is the
gameplay yep
and part of that pie though I think part
of what's lacking in Star Wars
Battlefront is how big the battles are
also the cheapness of EA let's talk
about that the startling Mapfre you get
in this $60 game versus rocket League
which is like 20 you know this is the
thing but beyond that if you just look
at the pure gameplay I think I think a
lot of it has to do with the size of the
maps a lot of these games are 20 V 20
how many are in it like even here is 10
vs 10 it's huge and that's a lot of
chaos even playing like a 4 V 4 match in
rocket League isn't as satisfying as a
three versus three you know like look at
how many people are on are playing this
which means like the chance for random
death is very high and when you get
random deaths when you get caught in the
crossfire that makes it that makes not a
good time and so rocket League gives us
immense substance through its gameplay
so what's on the ground I want to be the
Falconer
yeah those those things are the ones you
want to pick up be able to pair yeah
it's it's something that'll look like
that or maybe it looks like a fuckin
animal
it'll be stuff like whoa what happened
that's some fancy piloting jack
apparently already long one fucking hell
great that's great that's fuckin great
do you know what happened to ya guys
shot of it okay well there you go
those things reduce your cooldown time
for like your rocket and the shield yeah
yeah I'm looking for a pillow
shouldn't it be like 20 titers versus
five x-wings right well this is yeah
this is the thing like rocket League has
a ton of DLC
but all of it is cosmetic yeah you know
you don't need their DLC to enjoy the
game you're looking for you're looking
for entire fighters now yeah yeah or you
know it's it's tough it's tough to
compare but to for me what kills this
game a lot is the chaos there's just so
much nonsense there's so much that I'm
not in control of as a player that it
makes it it makes it very frustrating
and not fun for me
whereas in rocket League if an opponent
makes an amazing play like I'll see that
I might still lose but I'll respect them
like for Nia doing a backflip double off
the wall bounce it's like oh my god that
was amazing I can't believe we did that
here I just happened to bump into
someone and they shot first you know
it's it's it's I guess very similar to
war but it's it's chaos
most everyone I probably get into rocket
League has gotten internally randomly to
my family over Thanksgiving at first
everyone grown because they thought I
was being antisocial but as soon as I
was about halfway through one match
everyone was fighting over the
controller yeah well rocket League has
has an incredible ease of access I knew
everyone knows how to play rocket League
right away but I I even think with that
with this game this game has a pretty
low ease of access where anyone can pick
this up and basically get what they're
doing and it's Star Wars and people like
Star Wars in general say this is this
was made to be a casual game but it
looks like something it looks like
something of more substance
whoa get that slave one
I remember you do have that yeah she did
it rich you're doing it no you didn't do
a rich fuck any good arcade shooter has
a higher time to kill okay
that was bad well that was really bad
that happens that happens and you know
like I I'm not I'm not making my final
judgement yet because I would like to
get a little more comfortable with it I
do think like a lot of these games do
require you to know the map you know and
I think that's actually part of the
problem is games like this favor people
who have been playing it longer
regardless of skill the more you play it
the better weapons you can get the more
you play it the more you know the maps
and that means newer players are gonna
get frustrated I think right leg
actually has halfway decent matchmaking
I'm sure I don't know yeah I don't know
about matchmaking here but it's tough
it's tough when you go up against
someone who has a better gun who knows
the map and knows where to jump yeah
I've had some fun playing battlefront
and I don't want to speak entirely ill
of it it it's lazy it's it's you know
what it is it's running around with your
friends with laser gun pistols now you
got me how you got me you're dead no I'm
not dead you're dead it's that bitch it
had to be a lot of fun I don't but it's
not meant to be a hundred percent
discouraging it can be a lot of fun but
I don't think it can be fun for very
long nope you gotta want it rich you
gotta want it
whoa
look missile lock
it's gonna be how fast you can learn
about well the big maps the big maps cuz
they have to accommodate a lot of
players and I think there are some
multiplayer online games that have that
whose map design is a little more
intuitive
that's this is the thing this is
Battlefront 2 with less content it's I
don't know I so far I think it's real
fun in short bursts cooldowns refresh
faster you did it but there's just too
much chaos
whoa
you're picking up rebels rich all over
the place what are you doing I'm dodging
you can do it may the force be with you
oh that's not gonna help
nope you need vehicle okay that's good I
go kick some rebel ass nope too fast eh
I don't care
the Dark Lord got you is that was just
the dark one
shut up egg we shut the fuck up and
never talk again never ever talk again
you know it does look amazing I think
you know a big problem I've been having
is beside been what I've been trying to
do is play some of the smaller maps
there are there are some some smaller
ones where it's just like eight versus
eight or or 12 versus 12 teams instead
it's like the big 20 versus 20 but then
I've been having a problem with people
playing the objectives and that's that's
the problem for multiplayer gaming in
general he's like just finding people to
play with that aren't fucking around and
that's a huge problem in the 20 versus
20 Maps I think I hate nasty free as I
was playing one of those like stop the
Imperial Walker ones and and just no one
was going to the objective and every
time I tried to run their dire this game
is more frustrating than fun at times
oh you got to feed it yeah yeah I know I
did
thank you Richard got defeated why are
you so mean
Oh Oh on a scale of one to ten how aware
are you that the title of this dream is
ballet isola France ten it was it was a
typo that I knew I made but I just did
it quickly so I know it's name Bella
Ethel bolt or bowel tool fund I
incorrectly titled it and I decided
fuck it I'm just gonna incorrectly title
one more of these that I want to do the
SPS FPS thing and I'm done
play against like like I wanted to
Walker battle thing again oh sure sure
here okay I'm the granted on the ground
on the ground okay run uh yes
I have seen one punch man it's cute is
that a cartoon it is an anime thought
that we're just making it is this recent
it's out it is out I've been I've been
reading the comics and the the show is
pretty close to the comics it's it's fun
um it's a little there's a trope before
what feels like younger writers where
the hero is really amazing at something
but just so bored with it all you know
and that's basically one punch man
you're the good guys
you're fighting Tie Fighters it's gonna
keep throwing me off jack I don't know
why well yeah you'll get you get into
the zone and so like that's his whole
shtick is you know he he's super strong
but he's just so bored with it all and
I'm kind of tired of that trope in
general or I'm just not in the mood for
it right now so I haven't been watching
it a lot but it's cute I like I like the
art style a lot that's my official one
punch man talk that's all I got
can we play rocket League nah no one
punch man is a really young writer yeah
I I would have I know nothing about who
wrote it but I would assume that he's a
really young writer and the the ego the
ego of that trope is what is what kind
of annoys me about it is cuz that's what
he's projecting like I am so good at
things that I'm just so bored
oh I'm sure it gets better but you can't
find anybody to fucking shoot at Jack oh
I fucking the eyes game you got killed
by Thai fighter I fucking hate this game
yeah
you can do it rich oh you got him you
got him you got him you get you you got
yeah I know I did I know I didn't do did
that rich these Imperial bastards are
gonna pay they killed your mother and
father no wait
they are your mother and father dun dun
dun what is the swindle stream gonna be
on YouTube soon rich I I don't know much
but it'll be going up eventually yeah we
go it goes up everything goes well it
goes up eventually I don't know if it's
coming up in the next couple days or
anything second time I got crashed into
by the fucking AI yeah rich just kind of
a few so we'll have some more some fresh
cut up streams tomorrow swindle is is a
tough game to get into a beefcake but I
really enjoy it I'm on the I'm in the
second-to-last level now and there's
some fun stuff
damnit heads up homing missiles ah what
was that about mother and father I don't
know I'm getting to that point in the
night where I'm just saying things in
order to save them just I'm just I'm
just saying things I have no control up
just finish the battle you're gonna win
just finish the battle and then we go do
your ground battle you can do we don't
have to do the ground battle it's you
know what it's fucking fine well I want
I want you to do the ground battle area
I want you to feel my frustration the
here's here's the if I'm gonna put on
some artsy-fartsy pants if you're okay
with that yeah go ahead
fancy pants might know artsy-fartsy
pants so you know like the the best
games have this way of like melding
gameplay in with theming right and so
what is war right now you get five kills
no congratulate I got better than my
deaths be with apparently be with me
here yeah
war is is full of pain death and
suffering yeah but someone makes a lot
of money from it
yeah so in that aspect EA and dice have
successfully intertwined theming of
gameplay suffering death and misery yet
someone's making a lot of money from him
which do you do whatever you want I'm
gonna have a decent match fucking match
I thought I think that's a missile so
here EA has has made us all feel the
pains of war I think I think that's what
I'm going that so I'm sticking with and
so I'm sticking with everybody
those are my okay so you're fighting the
rebels now yeah you can do a wrench I
believe in
jack has been getting things right
tonight right war war never changes
right
and it's there's some there's so much
there's so much theming and you know the
the constant death cycle and it gets to
the point where you don't even care who
you're shooting it anymore you just want
someone else hey I haven't even seen one
human animal yet like in my sights nasty
free I think has it out for you yeah you
know what tear tear tear both my eyes
out I don't know if you're being ironic
or not but I do really enjoy the sound
of the TIE fighter I think it's you know
it's neat and it's it's it kind of gets
you in the right headspace what
whoa
fuck
and I looks great I love all the clouds
you know you're up there and can't
really see what you're doing it's great
there's a lot of great yep nasty free Oh
free Disney is making all the money
yay just flipped the absurd bill they
spent to have this where you know
someone's making money off of this I
think a lot of people I probably may get
money out of this
I don't all right your homing missiles
anyway
I'm football there's football today rich
there's many footballs today yeah their
footing there balling
sometimes they're doing it at the same
time most often first they foot then
they ball then they put a little bit
more only the best bar yep
there's take they take 58,000 hits I
take four well this is the thing there's
nothing there there's nothing you can do
this game makes you feel helpless isn't
that all multiplayer shooters these days
them no I still think there are it's
different from Call of Duty
well Call of Duty I think is it is a
poor example of a good multiplayer
shooter I think there are good
multiplayer shooters I just don't think
this is one of them I think this is
chaos there's no balance I think a good
multiplayer shooter needs balance are
you just quitting yeah are you just
quitting yeah you can't quit war I just
did you I just did Jeff Ward never quits
you rich we you know what world would be
a better place if we all just quit war I
guess you're right I guess you're right
right sorry I did this once that I've
done look at 20 V 20 Walker assault okay
so in Walker so there is the the
Imperial Walker the 8080 right and if
you're on the bad guy team you have to
shoot the other guys and if you're on
the good guy team you have to shoot the
other guys that's it
Jack I'm thinking about standing is
starting to stand-up comedy any tips
that you could give how does one how
does it suck to mom how did you write
your jokes you know writing jokes is
easy you just think of stuff you want to
say and then string it together so if
you activate the uplink stations you
call in airstrikes okay
and that's important you write okay say
it and I just kind of hang out and make
sure nobody deactivates it it might be
easy well maybe except for here they
come
yep you just write your jokes and I like
I would try to write them in chunks like
oh these are all jokes about this and
this is how this leads into the next
joke and this is how it leads into the
next joke and there's no key to not
bombing just got to do it I just gotta
keep writing and keep going out there
and eventually you figure out what works
that's about it
yep well you got it you got one plane
out and that's good did it I mean you
didn't do anything but your team did it
so that's good
listen back over any further nope nope
come on oh wait no who's about to walk
right into yep say yeah or you could
just go around and shoot other guys like
cuz none of it really matters he's dead
rich he's already dead
it can't be get it off that's not a
thing that can happen
nice nice you did that rich
well which I think there might be a
guide to right now he's anything okay go
get that up
uplink activated or help your friend do
it okay go ahead
now press the square now hold it hold it
oh you died oh that guy had a smart idea
putting them up nope not that smart cuz
he died oh you're right fidgety Jones
watch out for enemy units that's really
unnecessary orders like of course watch
out for enemy units watch it watch out
his stormtroopers rich if you didn't
know you're supposed to do that
give your booboo back in it
see if you can activate that other guy
dr. berty right your rich guy there I
hate shooters with controllers so so
much this is out on PC so much I'm not
spending $60 for this nope that's
probably smart rubrics proximity bomb
those are fun where's the uplink did we
uplink the uplinks huh word the uplink
scold are we done with that oh yeah now
you have to shoot at the bottom of the
8080
look just a proximity mine out there all
right do something
okay new up links new up links ready to
go activate that motherfucker
defend that motherfucker get that
motherfucking going no I'm saying you
know I'm saying
dude it's a dancer cuz it's a star wars
in the stars
stormtroopers shoot him in the dick
shoot him oh he's your friend shot him
in the dick whoa whoa what'd I do
I don't think that was you get out of
there
what is this thing in my hand yeah oh
fuck I don't I don't necessarily know
what that was
Oh Jack Jack Jack is only positive and
that is good I you know I am positive in
most things I like positivity being
positive feeling good feeling happy
feeling strong feeling sexy sometimes
you know not necessarily right now but
you know in general Oh fuck's sake
caught in the fucking crevice I hate
everything about this everything uh-huh
every single aspect of this I hate now
let's assume for a second yeah because I
know you are just not a fan of like
controllers yeah
let's assume for a second that you're
playing this with a mouse and keyboard
yeah I'd still hate it yeah and I think
you would I just wanted you know Star
Wars he's camping yep he knows what's up
okay you know where he is shooting with
a dick
oh no oh no I mean I'm gonna do this one
this is a terrible gun let's see here
Star Wars justice system this is a Star
Wars this is the Stars nope great all
right here we go
so this this gun is does really great at
close range it light it's like a
basically a one-shot kill at close range
but you got to get up there yeah
and so that's why I like it just forces
you to get in there that's what I'm
gonna do here I see that stormtrooper
over there
I throw a grenade might have killed
someone who might a matter I don't know
probably didn't huh all right let's go
let's get in there sometimes in a game
rich you just got to get in there yeah
you know saying
as a homing shot all right here we go
get it get in there not in there
obviously maybe dick I thought I was
gonna get him I didn't go alright
alright try again
getting in marriage getting in there our
goal is to get in this base over here
and and get our uplink back we need our
uplink back get up there you dick okay
ready and great shit he threw grenades
too and again alright here we go
doing it again heading over there
there's a thing I think I won kit every
single time I get caught on that thing
ooh a rocket launcher oh yeah I saw your
grenades this time you dick
stop shooting grenades I think one vs.
20 was probably not the best one versus
20 yeah what do you mean there's like
three other men there's I know I know
they've all got like super fancy jet
packs yep yeah that happens
that happens and I know what everybody's
saying now like you know stop trying to
do the same thing over and over again
but what else am I supposed to fucking
fuck got caught on a rock stupid you
know I guess I could go to the other one
but I'll do it'll just be the same thing
get out of my fucking way it's very
disheartening this game dude
did you the Star Wars Tsar orbital
strike incoming get out of there okay
come on Star Wars
we dodged that shit yep
does anybody get a better get back other
than the Imperials yeah no you can get a
do-it that's a thing you can buy later
if you if you are good enough at the
game you can buy a jet pack later
oh so this is one of those unbalanced
this is one of those if you play the
game then you get better things say
something that will save your life
someday
if you ever seen an erratic driver
rather than speeding up to get ahead of
them just just let them go far ahead of
you because you have no control over
what they do behind you they could rear
end you into traffic make it like push
you out into an intersection but in the
car people will know somebody you like
on the road look with their across they
just wanted to get ahead of them and get
away from you yep I I would say stay far
back go ahead
absolutely you you don't you want to get
as far away from them as possible and
and the easiest way to do that is just
to slow down that is actually a really
good advice rich oh and also on the road
always expect somebody else to do
something stupid
utterly fucking stupid yeah I was
driving home it was pretty late at night
is like midnight or something like that
and the streets were pretty much really
it was normally a big Street 159th
Street and I got this green light I'm
going through and this guy he got a clue
you know he definitely had a reg read it
I had to slam on my brakes not to not
the t-bone and kill him and probably
myself so I always expect people to do
something stupid never assume that
somebody's gonna do the smart thing on
the road hmm that's that's that that
might save your life someday
I like that slow down one that's that's
a good advice rich
I think that's smart advice shots come
from
yeah I'm gonna make that guy's day bad
yecchh I didn't get him someone else got
him
I don't whatever that sound was I don't
like it that's a boba fett I think
flying around good I don't know what
we're do what disconnected what one
woman he wasn't there hey rocket bad guy
all those backpacks just looking noxious
is that one of those things where
everybody who plays his game she's gonna
use those then at some point right when
they're when everybody has them unlocked
yeah yes that's not Star Wars game
everybody has a backpack the game whoo
oh shit don't die I have an orbital
thing when's the new doom come out
that's what I wanted a new dude yeah I
don't know shit about shit man
oh this is the game this is the big game
and I've it like I think I think there
is some good in the smaller maps but
this is this is what 2320 is you know
there's just nothing here nothing here
but garbage oh I don't know the maps are
not good at the game and I hate using a
controller the flying section though
that's all I made by the native average
ish ish except for that one fucker kept
shooting me all the time just want to
use my orbital strike let me just use my
fucking orbital strike
nope nope well that was stretch it's
fine it's fine everything's fine I just
let me use my orbital strike to burn
some people alive and everything will be
great this guy hasn't died everyone else
dies this fat hasn't died he just hangs
back here he's a dickhead but he's not
dead
said who is doing what okay here we go
is there anybody gonna shoot you're just
picking a random spot in the van all the
walkers Walker ready huh let's see what
happens
does that hurt the walkers maybe I don't
hear why wouldn't it hurt the walkers
sudden walking targeting no party they
look great I just like this game
sometimes yeah yeah and by sometimes I
mean most of the times I just like it
right now there you go
wait here's the thing oh that guy took
it oh and just dead what the one what
what do you want what do you want from
me game I know somebody in the stream is
saying we saved them $60 yes that's
exactly what you should be saying to
yourself
what
do not buy this game it will hurt you it
will hurt your feelings
okay what is this
Oh someone on
oh that's pretty what happened to that
one stormtrooper oh sure he probably
turned into that guy
Wow that doesn't seem to be doing much
good at all
fuck this game fuck everything about
this game so I hit him a bunch of times
with my laser and he rams into me and
you know he doesn't explode and I do
revs into you but you do Wow yep great
everything's everything about this game
is great but rich isn't it great because
of Star Wars no it's not is in Star Wars
what else do you expect when you run
into another ship
I expect the other ship to blow up too I
think it would be neat if the other ship
blew especially when he spent five
minutes shooting it remember when I was
shooting at the ship that was fun
run getter run kid run rocks rock
nothing matters we lost great that's
great that's a lot of deaths now rich
yeah
not rich yeah we got we got time
we got time for more mm-hmm get out of
here get out of here okay the heroes one
was kind of fun the heroes one was kind
of fun here's something I would like you
to try them yeah just to make sure we go
to just comparison and remember to flip
to the inversion because I flipped it
yep 20 V 20 is stupid
yeah it's the worst so go down go over
and down to quit nope or control yeah
okay quit yes you're sure
this game sucks Larry what you want to
go for you want me to go I'll show I
will show you I want to say it's Oblast
I think No oh yeah blast is 10v ten it's
the exact same as other games but just
10 vs 10 it's a very different
experience it's not as chaotic Bo rich
it's because we don't understand how to
play the game that's why we think it
says I think it's sex because I have
always hated the style of shooter not
large numbers of people low health plus
controller bread we're taking that out
of the equation because this does have a
PC version
yeah I'm not reviewing this so I don't
care so that you know this is just you
know kill everybody but it's a smaller
number of people
which I think makes a big difference in
a game like this
and you get the fighter on the
Millennium Falcon
Christopher gotcha
so you see on your map the red yeah
oh it's just you got shot once and it
looked like you did a little flipping
like no take this look great
well
on top of a falcon he's on top of the
tackle
it's a pretty good game you just have to
get used to it don't call it trash cuz
you suck what the fuck that's what
they're saying you know I think there
are some gameplay elements that make it
that take some of your control on it is
that guys still up there how do you get
up here question you might have a
jetpack
or there might be a level
we reached a new rank oh that's good
so thanks thank you
hey you could say congratulations
yeah yeah courage
thermal imploder is big grenade it
explodes a lot and implants whoa oh and
if you press down on the right stick
it's a it's a melee yeah
is used to denote sarcasm integers
that's true Kappa Kappa is sarcasm
apparently or feel free to use tim-tim
face
I hate donuts i I mean I think that's
part of it is people don't like to hear
negative stuff about things they spent
money on but I also think that there is
when you do like something there there's
a bit of a cultish nature to that where
it's like you you get it and maybe other
people just don't understand what makes
it so good you know no of course this
game is good you just don't get it there
that's that's part of like I think
there's an egotism egotism to that
obviously you just don't understand what
makes it so good let me explain it to
you
and I think a lot of that pushback comes
from the fact that you know rich and I
do talk about our opinions of games and
I think people assume that you know
I think people assume that like work
correct you know and there's no correct
there's just a pity there's just
opinions and rich and I are stating our
opinions and trying to elaborate on you
know why we feel about some you know
certain ways about certain things but
there's no correct and how you feel
about a game so yeah settle down I guess
that's what I'm saying mostly or don't I
don't care you do you do you man a girl
a guy there's something in between dog
can't write bad snippet snake
Jake rake whoopee
Dondon Sarlacc
what was the thing what was the thing in
Jabba's pit was that monster called the
rancor Branko rancor I was thinking for
a while but that thing is gone I
couldn't quite get the name Sarlacc bran
cool compound you thought they smelled
bad on the outside
good glad glad go gang you gotta go go
go go go
Winkle okay good I wish I was those Star
Wars fans who are in denial at this game
is shallow and you know like we like we
discussed earlier with light and with
rocket League you know the the
shallowness is in the gameplay it's just
so repetitive and so light and so it's
just not there and I'm very sorry if me
saying that hurts your feelings but I do
hope that you know if you if you enjoy
this game you know I'm happy I'm happy
that you find something you enjoy
that's all we're that's all any of us
are doing right we're just we're just in
this world looking just looking for
something to make us happy this game
makes you happy I think it's great just
be happy be a happy person I'm a happy
person most of the time yeah be happy
guy so what'd you think of that had it
had done I think that felt a lot better
slightly right I knew this kind of game
is just not my bag oh right I know but
I'm just you know I I wanted to make
sure you got a little bit of this too
because I thought that there's a
definite this is I remember liking the
heroes battle but there was something
like six versus six I was even well
exactly that was even less people
I think the game is actually too deep
for you to enjoy casually this game get
out of here don't get out yeah yeah get
right outta
I do think I think there's a lot of dumb
fun in this game there's it's
pewpewpewpewpew it's laser badass and
that's great I was just richest mistake
he say he saw those people
I tried shooting at them is that what
you're supposed to do yeah but you like
looked away first and look back that was
your thing anyway there's a lot of dumb
funds in this game bearish that's the
old bearish
you did I get one with a grenade
Jack you fucks don't even have a jetpack
we don't have a jetpack we haven't
unlocked the jetpack yet we have not
played enough to unlock a jetpack yet
because you can't have a jetpack then
until you play oh sorry we don't got no
jetpack I think you I think you killed
that guy yeah nothing feels better than
dying every 4 seconds Jack it's it's
very demoralizing whoa all right fucking
running away that doesn't seem to be the
best option rich just just sometimes you
need a tactical retreat you know
you did not kill that guy but I think
you've got a critical assist whatever
that means the critical assist yeah
great great join us off and play super
Star Wars or Rogue Squadron we could
super Star Wars has been re-released for
ps4 and Vita and possibly other things
but we're not gonna we're gonna play it
we're literally rich is gonna get done
with this game and then we're gonna
leave all right I want to play the
fucking heroes mode this this can bite
my ass which is gonna rage quit and play
heroes mode you rage quit quitting on my
account they're gonna think that's me
stop being a bitch recharge them and
then I die or I stay back and then I die
how about I not play the game yeah
gobbledygook I have explored the
loadouts I did not see a jetpack I it
might be available I didn't see one but
you know fuck it man I don't know
no this is probably the last match for
the night probably
Oscar says I've tried a call of duty on
free weekend I was playing with for
hours and when at last it was me who
decided a match I decided a match by not
dying and getting the last kill everyone
was shouting cheater right there's got
to be some strategy to this there's got
to be a get good element but I don't
care no big fun ever I hate every game
nothing's fun ever and I hate every game
I hit every game for the entertainment
strangers on the internet no night I had
my super long stream on Thanksgiving
honestly I wasn't enough he just did
that for you for all of it yes she just
did it what I got out of that was I was
on camera all day yeah and I'm not an
especially vain person so okay Neil's
not as rebel soldier dad go
whoa Wow
I can do by a Skywalker jump I can walk
like in the air oh shit fuck was that oh
you're in bad guy city rich they're all
the fuck over our heads or something
maybe
with that mad ketchup strap whoa what I
didn't see anybody fucking I'm running
like it yep
you defeated Boba Fett I did yeah well
you got the light doesn't happen
apparently you might have also killed
Han Solo but that's fine Oh what the
grade I don't think you hit him once
that was the controller that's what that
was yeah yeah that's funny but hey I
killed Boba Fett or killed Boba Fett you
did that that was me that's right rich
did a 14 hour stream of thumb on
Thanksgiving Day but I'm I'm bad at
games that I hate video games so that
couldn't possibly be right rich I know
you hate video games han Solo whoa what
was that
that was Han Solo's mega brother oh oh
there you go I think that might be like
a shoulder I think you like having you
tackle people when I got spread shot and
aim assists shit I don't know what this
one does but I haven't run away han Solo
you coward what the fuck is the 19
Imperials Jack do you want me to do what
do you think is so fucking funny because
that's so hot so uh I'm gonna shoot it
was so Han Solo that's exactly what he
would do
what run away run away like I know
shit's too tough
over here I'm leaving peace out bitches
it was one against six
what other strategy do you think is
viable
listen I'm not saying there was a better
strategy it was just humorous it was
just a rather fun black
he's fucking Darth Vader
what huh Leia's right work as a team
nice
Malby I was just gonna work so you want
to hold on someone long enough and it'll
like blue wasn't doing anything you
weren't on a guy you were not on a guy
button do you wanna hold on long enough
for blue PD bloop and then it's a homing
missile and you need to lock on yes by
the way it's very weird that pal pees
just like in the snow that is very very
scary it's very weird to see him walking
around in the foot battles they couldn't
find another person
Oh boba fett you sneaky fuck like no uh
no Greedo camping Guido
nice nice you did him you got what you
did him you kept it oh yeah that guy -
now you're in a murder spree you just
got a murder puppy and you're good to go
once again for on one eye it's just
great how dare you criticize me for
doing the smart thing I do not criticize
I just think it's funny I just think
it's great
no you're you actually oh you've got to
keep running though you got to keep
running it's actually the really smart
thing because you were the last hero
left and so like the longer you stay
alive the longer your teammate is to
have a chance to kill pallfy it would
like it's just it's humorous I can't
help it that Han Solo running away is
funny rich is doing smart listen I'm
just thinking like Palpatine where was
the rest of my team jack that's right
where did they go I don't know what
happened to them
I we're on to different things now I
kill Boba Fett I did my job
yep Palpatine being in the ground
battles is done okay
what Joe what so the question is who is
more suited who's that who's a better
villain in Star Wars original trilogy
canon to be to be a playable character
who we got go so Greedo is you know
that's why I'm throwing up grand moff
tarkin sure sure
I like Jeff Jabba the Hutt's that would
be great that would actually be great
okay now rich you know the mad Luke
strategy runner-up and whale on people
the mouth of the Sarlacc
nope
yeah you got to get them in close
quarters so you can't use this ranged
attacks you can find lay it all last it
it'd be great
it'd be great if Jabba was a playable
character climbing around all right you
just punched people you have like
infinity oh so well the chant putting in
that spot open then Palpatine
they got known I think I know one yeah I
mean I'm sure they have someone I just
haven't been who's Admiral Piett Darth
Vader six second in command and the
super service room okay I could you know
what I could just see like a general a
random general a general general
about what about slowly moving walls you
could play as slowly moving walls no
that does not work on them it just takes
it takes a while that's it that's more
like a distance thing it's great it's
just what I got last time
all right
nice killed somebody you know if you're
gonna die to Darth Vader that's the way
to do it you want to die to 1/4 joke
absolutely did some damage I think
that's good
Oh what Tuscan Raider that would
actually be cool to play as a Tuscan
right here yeah I'm gonna get you
all right well then yeah I'm all done
great hey that's great I like it when
we're all done more floor
mundo was taken would like to know is if
the top screen prompts of defeat all the
enemy fighters is indicative of how dumb
the game is I certainly I think it is
but that's just my opinion and that's
okay we're not caught up I was reading
them as they came for a while I'd missed
some I think we missed like the front
ones though well L argentino the real
Quade for 13 months waffle tail Numa
notice you fruit pie the magician I a
last night in 84 I read you earlier I
remember it anyway I also read
gobbledygook this meat slab brings
knives to gunfights 16 months 15 slabs
for 14 months heads up there that's
great but turds are green one year
anniversary maniac 12 15 17 months I
think that's a lot yeah pruney toes 18
months oh my we've been doing this for
at least 18 months that's shocking that
is shocking that's frightening that's
great I think it's great Lincoln Lincoln
Misner one Judge George Auckland Thank
You qdb theory danger peanuts for 14
months in our rich couldn't keep reading
though because he's allergic to peanuts
whip Oh whooping whip and whip and
months in a row caz the savior and the
the existentialist d'movie philosophical
thoughts what you mean you have no
business being here thank you for
subscribing we we really appreciate it I
was kind of leaning out of camera that
I'm sorry it's truly really do we really
do appreciate it
Moki says thanks for streaming he's been
watching since sonic thank you thank you
good night everybody thanks for coming
out I need something those rows
