Jan 25, 2015
Doom 3, Volgarr The Viking, FTL
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3728936, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VVxwv2Tlpg
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3728968, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rooKDEXJD5U
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3729856, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Du0p7BOqc08
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3729923, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9avv2L2vcs
Part V: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3730116, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hzRbY_GHik
2:13pm: "We will be streaming tonight. Or maybe just Jack will be. Possibly both of us. Someone will be streaming something tonight. 8:30pmCST." (archive.vn/2OY4Z)

[Part I]
they've turned the Sun slightly
prematurely because I did not think to
turn the lights down in the actual room
I'm in and if I'm playing doom three
that's probably what I should do also I
need to change the the title here
title broadcast playing doom three
should come up in this this handy list
they have a listing for do four that's
not out yet that's really weird really
weird broadcast language what should I
say English does does English some about
right to everybody everybody agrees on
English
okay I'm gonna refresh this and save it
actually change the title yes no it did
not
why did you not for crying out loud
for crying out loud well the room is not
even letting me edit it no I'm just
gonna assume a tuck
whatever whatever all right I'm gonna
run doom three this is uh vanilla no
mods no flashlight or anything like that
just the normal normal games it appeared
first time in stores and whatnot all
right I take it my audios good everybody
can hear things okay now um this is me
streaming alone at first jack will show
up later and you know I'm going to just
remind everybody that this is a rich
stream so don't don't expect to talk
fest all right I might have done what I
did the last time which was I just I
just played a game while I was waiting
for Jack to show up with no mic it's
kind of like a kind of like a pre stream
kind of thing and everybody got angry
that that there was well not really
angry but letdown though there was game
going on with absolutely no audio not
realizing that kind of saw that is like
a bonus thing you know better to see the
game than nothing but this time I'm just
gonna turn my mic on and fuck it
whatever happens happens if I if I say
nothing well hey I got the fucking mic
on what do you want out of me this game
the game too loud game versus me sound
okay alright everybody seems to think
things sound good that's a good sign so
here we go new game fucking I'm a
veteran dammit
Kent can hear the game at all all right
well there is game audio you're just not
hearing it which huh do I think I'm good
enough of this game to play and sing at
the same time well I can't sing what I'm
not playing a game what makes you think
I can game and sing all right I'm gonna
have to fix that game audio cuz when
Jack does call in he's gonna be using
that same kind of output like the mic
and everything else are separate and
when Jack calls in it's gonna be Skype
so he's not gonna be coming through on a
mic he's gonna be coming through it like
the rest of the computer audio so hey
wait for this cutscene and then I'll try
and fix that
well Jack be insanely drunk again jack
Jack will drink as much as he wishes to
entirely up to him did i watch the new
venture brother I didn't even know there
are their eyes season 5 started all
right we have a subscriber and the way
this chat window there's something
blocking it I can't see the name yet but
I will thank you as soon as I can read
you full name smiling strange thank you
for subscribing five months in a row now
well I really appreciate that that's a
sincere one that's what you get for five
months you get a sincere thanks I hope
it was fucking worth it what what does
rich Evans do on Sunday afternoons well
today I was painting space cup
miniatures
oh that okay um game has started I'm
going to attempt to fix the audio bug
here all right you guys you I'm sure
you'll tell me if that's too much yes
yes no I don't go to church on Sunday in
fact I I don't ever go to church and you
know what I I don't miss it at all I
never I never did and oh great I'm not
looking at the screen and there's an
other subscriber this is amazing that's
great that's terrific
um psycho Bob 35 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
all right well this is kind of weird I
got a secondary monitor so I can see the
chat and oh god I have to redo I have to
no wait no I got to do all my key
bindings that's that's great but it's
like the glare from the screen is really
weird because doom 3 everybody else dude
3 is dark and why when I hit escape is
doom 3 not going to a menu this is my
own what settings should be right that's
right all right that's right for that
now options controls why did this remap
I could swear I set my controls
no wait
alright alright
now what I want from jump
that works
this'll don't use them on she can go
there shot gonna use you all the time
you can go there Shingen
yes yes
plasma guns a favorite
BFG
I probably won't get that tonight get to
that one tonight but I'll set it anyway
machine saw I'm not using you a
flashlight that's right we're playing
doom for three
what the fuck Oh somebody subscribe for
watching me set my controls so that's
fascinating part my open broadcaster
screen is blocking the chat so I can't
read the full name till it Scrolls up
just a little bit so be Vell thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
alright
other rough I got yes I'm fine
this all finally I make a quick save
button bring us cuz that bit me in the
ass before oh I forgot to apply changes
Oh No
I think it all second right
what the fuck yeah click on click on
save just in case fit alright another
subscriber stickman grip thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
alright here we go we're playing game
we're playing game and I got my fist up
for some reason
well I I am glad you all enjoyed Karen
she's she has great people that's that's
why I'm going to marry her putting a
ring on that I guess you guys want me to
get to the good bits and that's it not
to fart around look at all this crap
I'll have it set up your quarters okay
there's a few things we need to take
care of first this is your personal data
assistant you'll need this to access all
secure areas if you get clearance for
any security zones it'll download
directly it's important so don't lose it
I see here that sergeant Kelly has
requested your immediate attention
head directly to Marine Command it's
just that way follow the signs
Mars city is a smoke-free facility we
smoke only in designated areas thank you
for your cooperation
haven't seen you before you must be with
that new detachment coming to check on
I'm here because there seems to be some
very serious problems oh really
do I need to remind you of the
groundbreaking work that we're doing
here no but I've been authorized by the
board to look at everything the board
authorized you the board doesn't know
the first thing about science all they
want is something to make them more
money some product don't worry they'll
get their product after how many
accidents tell me dr. Betruger why are
so many workers spooked complaining
requesting transfers off Mars they
simply can't handle life here they're
exhausted and overworked if I had a
larger more competent staff and bigger
budget even these few accidents could
have been avoided
I'm afraid you'll get nothing more until
my report is filed with the board I will
need full access dr. Petrova Delta
included I won't have any difficulties
doing that will
only if you get lost suam just stay out
of my way amazing things will happen
here soon
you just wait
let's go see so I'm reading the chat so
you guys think this looks bad and
they've aged all right I mean you got to
remember when this came out this was
fucking state-of-the-art did I miss now
what I'm going back for is did I did I
miss the break room and and super turkey
puncher I don't think so
I don't think so all right we're gonna
move on I'll show you what that is when
I get to it oh yes in game audio because
people think it's quiet you know when I
tested this before the stream it seemed
like the game audio was really loud but
apparently not apparently not all right
game audio has been turned up you know
what I'm gonna move the screen over so I
can read these subscribers right when
they come up god damn it and where's my
mouse it's not letting me do that on
it's just me that's just that works
all right who subscribe to our 5d for
says no means no go fuck yourself and
thank you for subscribing but mostly go
fuck yourself alright pick the game what
where is it at here we go here just get
yours the breakroom soda machines TV
people want me to read everything in the
game but to imagine I'm alone in that
shit zone this week in before jump
scares thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate this is this is the
game in the game which uses some of the
dooms FRA it's obviously not the turkey
but that fist is from the classic doom
and just punch turkeys you do this
enough you get an email on your PDA that
breaks you but this this is what was
considered high tech in the world before
iPhones look at it it has buttons
it actually has buttons which you know
computers now don't have buttons just in
doing alright I need a gun I need to
look only through was repair the
converters when they blow okay that's it
what's overloading them so much I mean
how much them follow do they need I
wouldn't ask him if I was you man I
heard Travis started poking around and
he got transferred fast didn't even seem
Lee
hell no one saw him was hit one minute
on the next fucking bastard
attention doctor we're almost exciting
we will see the sergeant killer you know
I'm gonna say for a base on Mars there's
an awful lot of troopers here you think
a base on Mars would be a hard thing to
to take military wives and they wouldn't
really need all of this but alright
there's a sweet time marine now here's a
situation another member of the science
team has gone missing since you're the
ranking FMG you get to find him I want
you to check out the old decommissioned
comm facility we heard he might be
heading that way the only way there is
through the service passage under Mars
city I've programmed this century to
guide you to the maintenance elevator
hope you follow the century better than
you followed orders so far here at the
security checkpoint at the bottom of the
elevator oh when you find him just bring
him back do not hurt him now move out
attention UAC personality interested in
earning more credits volunteer at Delta
labs today see your service branch
director David Carter said he said that
he saw some strange creatures of
somewhere down in Delta he said it
wasn't human
you know what robot came back to me just
tell me uh that's what he said I don't
know if it's true no reason I can't wait
to get out of here all right move on
robot Z last man thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
the UAC cares about the quality of life
of its employees please take advantage
of our quality medical care services
I figured what it is
ah Oh click to continue yes yes yes
do I have something that tells me what
the code is young
I don't see numbers nope
it's possible I missed it
ebolas seven medical research our
advanced farnum's pharmaceutical team
needs volunteers to participate in
exciting medical studies help us find
cures everything from the common cold to
Ebola seven that's great all right there
any other longs video longs or something
that shows me nothing that's gonna have
that code in it all right I guess I get
it later I know I come back this way
what am I missing this lighter no oh
click on a dump the future doors don't
open automatically
Star Trek got it wrong
welcome to the dungeon marine most
unexcited place on Mars I'm gonna need
you to grab some armor and secure your
pistol before I can pass you through
security okay grab your gear now you're
ready for combat let me do a radio test
marsac radio check excellent good signal
looks like you've been assigned the
decommission comm facility just follow
the main passage through the underground
Junction and straight out you'll have
quick evac I mean what better way to see
the Martian surface then you'll run
across it okay you're all set oh yeah
keep in mind civilians are working down
here
don't get excited shooting
hey you're looking for the scientists
right oh I'm supposed to be scared oh I
was startled
I forgot everybody I'm sorry never
Scotty
I've done this a million times it's not
that hard why don't you crawl your fat
ass down here to it yourself because I'm
getting paid to make sure you do it just
finish the coupling so we can continue
rich talk about your gaming memories
what kind of cheesy shit is that
this is grant Basten the environmental
services supervisors date is October
19th I've been hearing an alarming
number of reports on some unexplainable
things being on another planet and
working underground has always been a
little spooky so we always have the
occasional report of strange things so
what is worrying me is the fact that the
number of these reports are up by a lot
people are truly frightened the room is
we're hearing about experiments from the
Delta complex are not helping the power
fluctuations aren't helping at all
either having the lights flicker
constantly and losing power for several
minutes at a time is scaring everyone
down here I'm doing my best to keep
people on track we're continually
short-handed someone's reporting in sick
almost every day I'll keep my director
apprised of the situation and will
continue to log reports as I get them
this is the audio log of Maintenance
Technician a timber Naish dated November
10 21:45 fixed the couplings on the heat
shields this morning with no problems I
did however have another odd experience
while I was down there shortly after
finishing the first coupling adjustment
I distinctly heard whispering when I
went to investigate the sounds I found
nothing check the work logs and I was
the only person scheduled to be in that
area today that experience coupled with
the stories I've heard from some guys
over that Delta laughs had me pretty
freaked out I'm really beginning to hate
going down at the underground
maintenance area people down there a bit
off mumbling weird looks all places just
plain creepy I'm always expecting
someone to jump out of me I've secured
my tools and the busted modulator the
storage cabinet next to the maintenance
elevator technicians should use cabinet
code three nine six to access them end
of log see security codes and whatnot
are like hidden in PDAs so if I go over
here pretty sure it was this cabinet
three nine six Oh was it three six nine
maybe that's the other cabinet oh for
crying out loud
Oh for what Syd what was surgery let me
do this right sir surgery thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it and
oh my god six months in a row CSA I
sincerely appreciate that thank you very
much thank you for helping me buy a new
computer everyone seemed sick I was
three six nine I thought it was too must
be a different locker Oh
this guy's not any of these machines
running it's just that the science team
demands a lot out of these things
enough excuses just do your job and get
the science team what they need well I'm
doing everything but I just can't
explain some of the things that have
been happening to the systems it's weird
just get it done
what do you do I still your gun you got
a problem with that
these things don't you I can get fucking
just tell me the whole marine this is
sergeant Kelly you need to double-time
it down there search your assigned area
haul your ass back to Mars city Oh
you know I kind of like the interactive
panels in this where you just Mouse your
cursor over doesn't put up a separate
screen a giant X doesn't appear in the
bottom of the screen until you know that
you can press the button and you just
you just interact with the screens I
don't know why doom does that better
than a games have come out ten years
later but it does
Wow I have to clipped open the door
huh no no please you must let me get
this communication out they have to be
warned while there is still time I can't
let you don't know what I've seen you
can't possibly understand or comprehend
the devil is real I know I built this
cage
oh boy yep damn it oh fuck sake I can't
it shit this is sergeant Kelly we're
under attack by an unknown enemy force
called back to marine HQ to regroup that
was awful
that was embarrassing is what that was I
say again fall back to marine agent
await further orders
why leaders give sitrep over
command HQ this is Bravo Team we got one
marine down command HQ this is fire
chief Joe like sports systems only
civilian casualties
also is there not always run option nope
I don't see it
yo that right there it's creepy I like
where is this shotgun damn it
say I'm gonna need to get up here
how do I get up there I know there's got
to be a way to get up here what is it
that doesn't work nothing I can climb
I guess I got trying one from here that
seems weird all that worked I want to
change my run jump on yourself
that's right that's my jumping
like that is my flashlight hold on gonna
do some tweaking here
where is Sprint Telstra Terrace
no problem buddy
shotgun alright thanks for looking up
things are looking up
do you need ammo
but for now we'll run them with the
shotgun
then actually got a little star a lotta
me and I know this game is full of crap
like that
I'm feeling it I'm feeling it
let me Madison
what this game is not letting me go to
the desktop which means hello
do would not let me alt-tab out of the
game is that what you're playing doom
three you're playing doom 3 why what do
you sound like you have contempt that
was supposed to sound like I was
questioning why are you playing doom 3
holy shit
turn Jack up you know that sounds a foe
this is Jack - Jack is Tom okay you know
I'm gonna I'm gonna kill the stream and
then turn it back on because for some
reason when you don't start with Skype
on the audio seems like weird and quiet
I've noticed yeah some I'm gonna stop
stream then I'm gonna start back up
again also Jack yeah can you tell me
what the stream is titled I just read a
little bit you'd okay because I did and
then it didn't change and then the edit
button disappeared you know sometimes it
does funny things I just retitled they
want to do three and update it what you
were playing alright my original my
original title was Rich's awesome
oh and oh and doom 3 ok ok
great alright kill the stream and then
I'm going to turn back and then I'm
going to resurrect I am more powerful
more powerful than Jesus Jesus
resurrected one person and himself I'm
going to kill the entire stream and
resurrect them so what do we had like
500 people ish yeah yeah I'm gonna kill
them all and raise them that's great

[Part II]
audio now Janice Jax audio jacks audio
jacks audio jacks audio jack zaharie Oh
Cheryl what what somebody say how Jack
sounds you can hear me right right yes I
can hear you that's great I can hear you
loudly loudly should I should I turn me
down for you no I'm trying to work that
up manually on my end okay Jack's audio
is better now but is it better but is it
good nope now they're saying now too
loud alright see see I didn't I didn't
change any dials I just turned the
stream off and on that's great
I could so rich I could turn me down
from mine you why don't you turn
yourself down a little bit because then
the game's gonna be like non-existent
sure so rich how does this sound to you
do it again how does this sound to you
that sounds okay to me okay does this
sound better to you if it sounds better
to you hopefully will sound better to
everyone else well I'm looking at the
little green bars on open broadcaster
and yours are still going up further
than mine are okay I don't know I don't
know relatively if that may our great
chat someone in chat seems perfect great
let's do that then so I'm willing to
assume it's perfect hooray perfect okay
everything is perfect everything is
wonderful and everything is possible so
we've been playing doom 3 I noticed and
I didn't mean to sound I didn't upset it
was just one of those like like doom
three I liked it was more like I said it
was more questioning like Oh Doom 3 it's
a fine game it gets shit out a lot but I
like doing three okay I'm down I'm here
I'm watching people people say it is an
action II enough there's there's too
much temps at at horror for one the
horror parts are actually scarier than
like alien isolation sure
for everything there's plenty of action
mixed in especially especially later on
in the game you know I I just popped it
on right before I called you and you
were shotgunning an alien so what else
do you want yeah yeah exactly
you can you can hit an alien with the
shotgun done everything is great
everything is possible we're gonna talk
about control panels in this game oh
okay yeah yeah briefly when we get back
to it I guess I guess I should start
turning it on now you should you should
turn it on yeah great
you know I've brought up again lien
isolation I'm sure somebody just got a
bingo
for that you know really nicely and I'm
probably there's gotta be a thing on
there right I don't know if there's a
thing I there for hailing I mean we talk
we talk about it a lot but I don't know
if there's the thing on it as someone
someone tweeted me today a little blip
of Kevin Conroy yeah talking about
Christian Bale's Batman oh yeah and how
he thinks that Christian Bale's Batman
voice is ridiculous yes yes he does
well somebody from the told him not to
do that his thinking was that it was the
directors fault for not saying no that's
dumb don't do it yeah and I like that
hearing that from the one true Batman we
know I love me some doom which way was I
going or is that coming from and these
are all good questions and now in my PDA
I do by doing PDA the audio log of Frank
see if there's a so you just have like a
cell phone in this case I'm just some
pop-up it's just like I said okay I
think that's nice for smart phones they
just call a PDA economy it's actually
less advanced than an iPhone you just
know it has buttons what you have here
is the blackberries yes yes position
part is great the departments in order
to maintain our equipment what's
happening you can suppose I'm listening
to a log st. gotta tell you things the
log just have like combinations -
security habits uh-huh
I'm trying to see if I can hear the the
the code for a cab that I passed earlier
okay great
I found the new PDA but I don't see a
Paul Apollo Frank Della Hugh engineering
manager retire of my risotto
you can chat I've just alright two more
valve overloads in that unit engine no
bails Lucy Corvin that Bale's Batman
voice was not fine for the most part it
sir it was 100% ridiculous all the time
and like I can understand that from an
actor stand as you know our fewer and
and kevin conroy look up the kevin
conroy talk about it when you're an
actor you can try to find like a space
that you want to inhabit and Christian
Bale had many has mentioned publicly
that he wanted it to sound demon like
like he that's what he was going for and
he went for it and no one told him not
to and it's ridiculous and comical also
yeah I also heard that boyhood took 12
years to make and man what a feat but
what a cinematic they just don't care
about that
apparently big news if you care about
this sort of thing today it was
announced that The Producers Guild of
America voted as its best picture shit
I've died uh oh I'm sorry is this a no
death run no no and we have a subscriber
Papa cheesy ain't man thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
we love your cheese man we love it
I'm dying there really harsh my fight oh
well I guess you could suck it up and do
it over or cry no suits doesn't eat you
up
CIND indicates the producers guild of
america voted
birdman as its best picture and for the
past seven years they've been correct in
guessing what oscar it might not mean
anything and i don't care about awards
but a little part of me doesn't want
boyhood to win that's so that's my only
boat right now I haven't seen either
don't you have a shotgun can you I would
shotgun the shots out shotgunning me so
oh maybe you need to get good damn Jack
yeah I said it yeah you did I sure did
rich I sure did so when did you start
okay great
okay yeah Lord gonzo is asking where I
took my inspiration from for playing
Larry
Plunkett's son and feeding frenzy I did
have one thing if you watch feeding
frenzy as it as America I did try I do
try every time I act I'm not a good
actor but I do try and so it in for my
role I knew I was coming back from the
dead and I wanted a gimmick arm and so
if you notice every my it's my right arm
is all weird all the time and like
twitchy like it's it's bent in a funny
way and like my fingers are twitchy that
was my my little bit of acting there I
mean that was my bit of characterization
and I did my stuttering thing because I
figured I wasn't quite all there that
was my little acting thing and I don't
think J or Mikey noticed or cared there
you go probably I probably should not
have put this on the harder difficulty
oh holy is that what you're doing yeah
just making myself look bad jack
shame needs an autorun button toggle
dammit you know we can't blame people
are mentioning how bad Lucas's strange
magic was if you if you look at the
credits for strange magic that weird
fairy movie supposedly by George Lucas
he only did this story so story by
George Lucas screenplay was other people
and directed by other people so he had
very little to do with it I don't think
we can blame him for this I think it was
more just one of those like that's
pretty cool there was a you know kind of
like an adventurer movie with fairies
maybe we could have one of them named a
hope so I think this is strange magic
and anyone who's disappointed by strange
magic you need to look through your
priorities come on get on get with times
can't open this cabinet anyway Jack
remember we're talking about control
panels huh you played this right no you
haven't played this I have not played
this scene you see your cursor you see
your sights yeah when you highlight a
computer panel it's a touch screen you
can know yeah yeah I see like oh I don't
know what the combination to this one is
that's why I was reading that PDA but
like I type in the code and if it's the
right code the door opens right okay I'm
with you what happens if this is alien
isolation what would happen is it would
say press V button yes turn turn the
joystick to the left and you've
magically open the yes
no but this is like beautiful it's
actual like genuine interaction with the
computers in this game like you get to
another screen you can manipulate the
email like manually with the cursor and
it's it's kind of great the way they do
computers in this game and why don't
more games do this I'm 100% with you
this is this is in the theme with the
game world and you never have to leave
your character in order to open a door
you know it never like says okay let's
take a little break let's take a
cutscene so you can play the open the
door movie
they're giving you what the code is rich
do you want the code don't look at the
chat I didn't I see it I didn't earn it
I'm not gonna open it can I change the
difficulty I I made a mistake
you should QbD theory says puts it
absolutely correctly press Y to beep
press X to Boop
that's it that's exactly what a nice
election is to beeping and pooping oh
they're saying you've died three times I
know and this is like the first fucking
level I know I'm better than this I know
it I think partly it's being just
distracted by everything do you have to
start over in order to change the
difficulty my if I do I'm not gonna
bother Oh John B 820 my weekend is going
now thank you I'm a little disappointed
that I did not go to be Fest this
weekend unfortunately actually I was
just talking with with Josh and some
people about B fest and I'm really you
know like they were telling me about all
the good movies days out but I got a ton
of work done even though I I was hoping
we could shoot this weekend rich got a
little site yeah I was hoping we could
shoot but I still got a ton of editing
work done
really important or something for me yes
how many strippers that I ran with
quarters no I I don't I don't much care
for strip clubs I don't know if this
will be a controversial thing to say I
think they're weird
I think strip clubs are weird did they
make no sense I mean sure you get to go
to a place to see naked ladies right but
you can't should have by all rights I
should have you should have you
absolutely should have apparently at B
fest to get off of my strip club topic
someone was asking what movies they were
playing at because josh said they played
the Village People musical starring
Steve Guttenberg okay this is a real
thing is a Village People musical that
is apparently like the story of how the
village people came together starring
Steve Guttenberg and I must see this
movie that sounds amazing what happens
to Ryan he was America's Sweetheart
that's right sky daddy's trip culture
where you pay women not to have sex with
you that's exactly what a strip club
that's a great description that is that
that's a perfect description it's like
do you ever want to like did you ever
think to yourself man I'd love to pay
money to have blue balls no it's the
dumbest strip clubs are Steve Guttenberg
that's great a lot of money but then oh
you guys are doing a a stonecutter thing
who who made Steve Guttenberg a star
it's the Oscars every night we hae a
Michelle 87 you just subscribed for five
months in a row thank you we really
appreciate we had somebody earlier James
books that's a new thing twitch is
rolled out where when you re subscribe
you can announce how long you subscribe
thank you yeah I think it is and for
those of you who have been with us that
long man do we frown because those early
streams like if you think our technical
problems are rough now all those early
streams Dirk killed cat thank you for
subscribing huh you've been a subscriber
for five months what doctor killed the
cat oh god sorry I don't
I'm gather I'm I'm really good from a
distance in the Texas too small doctor
kill the cat thank you for subscribing
and even subscribing for five months in
a row so genuine sincere thank you for
subscribing yes
yes I mean let me try and dial us I'm
fucking embarrassing myself again every
time I play it for her to chew on this I
embarrass me I'm not I'm really not that
bad see doctor killed the cat is upset
rich because he has a PhD dr. kovac at
is the one who's had put so many hours
into FTL and still can it might not be
your game doctor so don't worry about it
Robert is our job Josh we'll come back
on the ground we had a lot of fun with
Josh in stream he just has a really
hectic schedule with work and we were
working on it it's all I can say we are
working on it what there's something he
wanted to play forgot what it was I have
no idea my idea for streaming with Josh
I'll put this out there just goes is
there is a there is a WWE wrestling game
where you can make your own characters
and so I was thinking it'd be fun if
before the stream started we've all made
our custom characters and then you can
set a royal rumber Royal Rumble to
automatic mode where the AI just fights
each other so we would all make our own
custom characters
and then set the AI to go to rumble for
as long as we want and we we just talk
over it okay so because josh is a
legitimate wrestling fan and so I
thought that would be
that's all but again it would just be
funny because you know it's all it would
all be randomized in computer control
itself more wiki Wars or and after world
hunger will just play wiki Wars and okay
but see this is here's the problem with
plus playing wiki Wars is you guys will
mess up Wikipedia oh I'm really really
hesitant to play a wiki or team even
though I think it's a fair point very
hesitant to play it again because I know
you guys know what's happening I'm still
embarrassing myself oh not mess again
dead yet but doing much worse than I
should
Emory 801 asks do you have any guilty
pleasures that the other people from red
letter media might make fun of you for
that's a that's an interesting question
I do unapologetically like romantic
comedies so they've made fun of me for
that
I do love girly pop music yeah Taylor
Swift
they love dailies worth nothing strange
lady average what do you what do you
places that you're embarrassed mention
that that's really funny
respond then it wasn't high art
all right yeah see I'm actually going
through the menus in this computer what
my mouth opening storage lockers sure
cuz this game is great like that thank
you
yeah oh no I'm not like all you guys now
are asking for like my top three ROM
comes that's the joy of a romantic
comedy is they are all interchangeable
and I can't tell you the name of any of
them but I just live just like them I
just like dumb movies like that the
latest Conan O'Brien Papa cheesy I love
it it's fantastic
I would love this frame that I really
like smash brothers in general I'm not I
mean I'm not the best Smash Brothers
player but I it's just it's a really fun
fighting game really really intuitive
Jack are you Rhoda aka Jillian from half
in the bag in before jump-scare that
sentence made no sense so try again and
rich save more often yeah okay I've kind
of figured that one out
I'm stolen Durst is as good as it gets a
rom-com maybe maybe it's got a rom-com
elements
it's a rom-com with the curmudgeon the
man so sure sure work all that around
what's still alive is Jack the best
anything player no I'm pretty good at
Mario Kart I might be the best moment
man no but actually remember we played
that live on stream and I got my ass
handed to me
several times I did enjoy Maricar know
I'm not the best anything I just enjoy
games and I don't know it's fairly good
at a couple of them but you know I think
if I was the best at something I would
talk about it more often but I just I
just generally liked games so honestly
right cuz and that's that's the real
thing is like if you if you hit listen
to people who own explai one game and
it's like that's their game that they're
the number one ad that's all they talk
about is all they obsess about that's
the rule what is that called the rule of
a hundred thousand hours have you heard
of this no let me add Google search that
really quick what after a hundred
thousand hours of everything or anything
you're the best at it
yeah the rule of 1000 hours that's their
10,000 hours that's what it is of 10,000
hours if you spend 10,000 hours doing
anything you will be good at it thank
you guys thank you jack and so like
that's the whole thing where it's like
Edmund McMillen actually just gave an
interview recently where he was talking
about like being talented at something
and he's like I don't think that talent
is a real thing I think I've spent my
life drawing and animating and I've
gotten good at it
I think that's the thing is if you spend
time doing something you then become
good at that one thing you spend time
doing and I play a ton of different
games I don't concentrate just on one
there was a while where like I would
only play Team Fortress 2 and that's all
I would play forever and ever and ever
and I got really good at it took 12
years to make boyhood so it must be the
best it must be the best game ever
you're right we are all experts at
whooping yeah pooping boop humor talking
about poop yes Colonel rich mustard I do
consider myself to be a jack of all
trades and a master of none
I'm I'm a good I'm adequate at many
little things not necessarily great
why are you messing up are you we should
be ashamed at our poop yeah never I
always I always love pooping over
American history to yours no get out of
here
candy smack talking about how we all
poop wrong oh no you poop wrong response
to that Rach our good friend Phoenix is
back with a very important question
there are no spikes in this case there
are no spikes in this game not are you
sure but I don't think there are I think
we might be playing spikeless game oh my
lord
no spikes in tune three you heard it
here first this is light breaking news
from previously reported life no spikes
in the game we are playing a game with
those bikes start taking this a bit more
serious now because my pride is on the
line
do it do it oh you know I have a couple
things generally throughout the week
this is something people should know
about me because I'm a weird person
here at my desk and if there is ever
like dead hair or like a time in which
I've lost to get it back rich get it
back her play plants vs. zombies again
yeah if I died two more times I'm gonna
play plant plants for zombies don't play
plants vs. zombies store does I do I
have a little note card that I write
down topics of conversation for me to
talk about in case there is any dead air
like this yeah and so that's a really
good idea
you know it's almost as if I'm prepared
and I'm attempting to entertain people
so in any case one thing I wanted to
talk about shocks me and rich you might
be interested in yeah
there is a pacman animated series no no
not from 1980s there is a new pac-man
and if it's a part of it and you know
someone who cares let them make it it's
not gonna hurt anything
what are they gonna ruin the sanctity of
pac-man the rich you guys you have no
idea how terrible this is they have
created a mythology of pac-man is that
is beyond ridiculous donut man this is
what I'm saying it's pac-man who could
war who could make a pac-man game or a
pacman weakly pac-man TV show who could
do that what kind of insane person could
make that I'm trying to find the name of
it right now please I'm trying to figure
out so what it's it's called pac-man and
the ghostly adventures yeah but it's
slide Jack what it's fine I can't
rich there is a there is a deep
mythology as to why pac-man fights the
ghosts and so I thought it would be very
funny I thought it would be my as I know
you have I assumed you hadn't seen this
show because why would anyone see the
show and you're a writer and I say rich
we need to make a pacman weekly show
okay you give me the premise to see if
it's any better or worse than the actual
premise which is not playing along I
can't come up with a complicated
backstory for pac-man and the chant it's
coming up with everyone's pac-man as a
paranormal investigator that's fine
that's fine
hey pizza guy Lowell XD Oh both fuck
rich and thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated so here's the
thing rich about pac-man and the ghostly
adventures pac-man is a descendant of
the awesome yellow warriors he is the
last yellow no warm beer he's the last
yellow warrior of the clan of pack
people and he's the only one left who
can defeat the ghost he's the only one
that can eat to the ghost here's okay
here's here's my take okay go ahead
peckmon is the last survivor of a
nuclear Armageddon on his
planet hmm and food is very scarce so he
needs to find food and the ghost of his
old friends want him to join them so
they're trying to keep him from eating
the last remaining food and he has to
survive day by day see that's even a
little crazy occasionally like some of
the food he eats some of the pellets
there they've been contaminated with
radiation yeah and when he eats them he
gets really powerful and he can actually
attack goes by the late those monsters
are clearly his friends and family
laziest non-communist thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
see like I think like you have a better
thing but so like the thing with the
pellets is there is a tree I just I just
accidentally clicked a button here I
think on my Mike I can not hear you at
all okay talk I'm talking I'm talking
it's faster it's so in the pack world
there is a tree of life that bears
magical dot shaped fruit that if pac-man
eats he gains a different unique super
power to help him eat the ghosts yeah I
don't know if you could I don't know why
you care so much about this it's just
it's a thing it's a thing that my
children every
and because I play Super Smash Brothers
with them and you know pac-man is a
character and that they're instantly in
love because here this character and
Smash Brothers that they like they love
playing as has its own TV show and so
they want to watch it all the time and
you know in general I I tried to like
watch shows with them to make sure that
the content is not a question of we have
another subscriber play FTL for money
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciated
I think they're trying to tell me
something Rachel they're saying they
want to deal I mean someone said it loud
enough to pay five dollars for itself so
so name it is it's it's a thing that now
like is is entering the household which
they're trying to if you can lower the
game volume lower the game volume yes
that's what that's what the chat is
telling me over and over again okay it
was too quiet earlier so I turn it up
yeah oh well there you go
certainly it's just it's just a
ridiculous thing and obviously like
listen
children's programming in general has
this stigma about it but there are there
are those like there are there are
exceptional kids shows like if it if
anyone has ever seen an episode of
phineas and ferb amazing beautiful
children's show and then of course
there's the other side of the spectrum
which is pac-man and the ghostly
adventures which is so dumb yeah episode
by episode you like dumb crap as a kid
I'm shooting your own sure I like to
dumb crap but as an adult all I can
think about is some
was hated to write this and they thought
this was okay
you know Adventure Time are you there
you go adventure time we watch Adventure
Time and love the shit out of it I love
adventure time it's the best show that's
a show i watch without my children just
because it's the best show in the world
but Supergirl I know yeah I of course
liked really terrible shape drama but
I'm this is all I'm saying is now I'm an
adult I understand a little bit more
about the the logistical aspects of
being in the creative industry and yet
here we have pac-man and the ghostly
adventures a show that exists and
shouldn't I
I demand you're right teddy KX I demand
exceptional pac-man content 80s cartoon
no there was a power pellet forest that
the ghosts monsters wanted to steal
power pellets from and he was like the
security guard he also works like a red
fedora for no reason sure sure I was not
on Yo Gabba Gabba that's a weird
question
Yo Gabba Gabba
again it's somebody explained this to me
once and I I ignored it because it's
called Yo Gabba Gabba
it's it's decent it's it's it's a cutesy
children show and it features characters
and big costumes and they're like
different kinds of creatures and
monsters and they sing and dance and the
guy who did gumgum style no okay it
sounds like something he would say have
you ever heard of the ska band of the
Aquabats
okay it's it's actually just by what of
course I haven't but many people have
even I have and I'm not a music I knew
of the Aquabats but it was it was it's
written and produced by the Aquabats
so it's it's fine it's that's a fine
show it has it has very fun songs and it
has very weird like celebrity cameos
like for example Elijah Wood comes on
and does a dance called the puppet
master and it might be the creepiest
thing you've ever seen
and it's on a children's show for
Network where he he teaches the
characters how to do a dance called the
puppet master and it's it's terrifying
but it's it's fine no Yo Gabba Gabba as
a fine show it has a huge ribbed dildo
monster absolutely that's exactly what
it is oh my god what was that what all
of us be scratching my neck and knocking
the mic around an accident yeah doctor
veca doctor vet cure no that was that
was Elijah Wood Elijah Wood dancing
do the puppet master oops
why'd you do I shot a control panel I
was trying to interact with that man I
just shot it if you shoot it does it
break the egg no because once you do it
that's interactable the minute you
cursor your cursor goes over it you know
you don't shoot anymore the trigger key
just interacts with the screen stick
Mangrum asks when the fuck are we gonna
get half in the bag for inherent vice
that just came out like today I think
for yesterday joke could have been a
joke check check your red letter media
corn and good he's good
that's right cock crocodile brain there
is a party in your tummy so yummy so
yummy
that's it that's a song in your gabba
gabba about eating different kinds of
foods there's a party in your tummy and
all the food wants to go to the tummy
party Jack yeah did anything this creepy
ever happen what's happening
watch the screen okay I'm watching I
haven't gotten there yet you're in a
creepy oh oh okay I see it the bathroom
mirror thing yeah yeah that's creepy
that's very disturbing that's that's
unsettling yeah rather than just the
alien yeah no I you know the I think the
biggest point that people don't
understand with our alien isolation
review and our our lack of being scared
is you can't be scared when you're
feeling nostalgic and so even you know
we played on the stream we played with
that outlast game
which is very similar to a lien
isolation as far as like hiding and
crouching and being a standard horror
game right yeah but it was in an
atmosphere that we didn't know it was in
a world that we didn't know and so like
because we didn't know where we were or
we had no feelings about the world that
was all new and therefore scary because
we knew the alien world we couldn't be
scared of it yeah yeah alien isolation
is prereqs boyhood you're absolutely
right we have rich and I have no
comprehension of how anyone knows like
that game it's completely foreign to me
but you know do what you do everybody be
cool but I was firing it as if I were
firing oh he sure is that it's like you
give it a little bullets and like I got
a machine gun right
by that logic horror sequels would never
work it's kind of true by the way like
usually there is a diminishing return to
horror sequels like saw yeah but by the
time you get to Nightmare on Elm Street
for you're not scared yes you're just
enjoying the variety and the kills the
creativity of the dream sequences that
kind of shed 100% yeah 100% that's all I
watched those Freddy movies for was like
how is he gonna kill people this time or
thinking about like you saw did you see
the first Saw movie no I really liked
the first movie it was very inventive
and it was different but then you know
when saw 12 comes out you know what's
gonna happen
reminded me too much something that
happened to me as a child so what's
what's the consensus in the chance doom
3 enjoyable or not yeah I think they're
okay I think you know like they're with
you they don't want you to die either
I'm gonna I'm gonna speed I'm dying less
okay good saw 12 the sorrowing that's
funny that's funny
yes yeah yeah yeah they all like or else
they say man or it's fine or we need to
play FTL or whatever oh sorry
pump the mic it's fine everything's fine
all the time it's no spelunker you're
damn right it's no spelunker I really
had a fun time playing that game I'm
sorry yeah I'm sorry father be warned
I'm doing it because it was the same two
levels over and over again you enjoyed
playing them I did I legitimately enjoy
playing I don't understand everything I
like a challenge
I like a fair challenge at some point no
Karen wants the stream monster party it
out okay I don't know a monster party is
doesn't once you're talking about what
that big goofy monsters that look like
shrimp in what oh yeah yeah yeah I'm
done I'm 100% downs rich needs more
beans bottles probably I think that's
another reference to the half in the
back okay
oh the oh that's right yes yes how long
with everyone I gave a collective sigh
when I found out what the premise was
going to be when you start digging it's
like really this is how we're doing it
alright that's fine that's fine avenged
11e volts as Jack you almost caused me
to have an incident at work when this
lady I work with said her son's favorite
game was five nights at Freddy's yeah
yeah yeah
oh is that true you know I haven't seen
as your punctuation in a while
apparently Yahtzee just did a five
nights at Freddy's 4 zero punctuation I
had liked it right I know he liked alien
isolation
bhatta yeah you know what to tell you
the truth I have not watched a zero
punctuation in a while even though it's
it's a good show and other things yeah
I'm sure I mean if he liked it great if
he you know whatever he's definitely a
human being with different opinions on
things so it's it's really true
it's really true he loves it prereq
proven wrong absolutely you're right
rich in eyes opinions are wrong right no
I have not I know he does do I
Yahtzee as a let's drown out series
which is like his version of a let's
play I I have not listened to any of his
no I've read his books I've read the
Otzi's books I know he's made a game
yeah I think he's made a couple games in
fact if you're interested in his books I
would recommend you read Jam it's very
fun like fiction
yeah it's pictured it has nothing to do
with games or anything right it's it's
about a apocalypse that happens in
Australia where all of Australia is
covered in four feet of Jam it's a yes
it's very clever and fun the ending is a
little weak but it's a very fun read I
did I also read his first book moog
world or MOG world which I did not enjoy
as much
MOG world is from the perspective of a
non play an npc from a world of warcraft
type game who becomes sentient okay so
not in the fictional world that's like
World of Warcraft but well you know yeah
ya know in in a oh yes in a game like
World of Warcraft in a fictional game
like World of Warcraft he plays an NPC
who become sentient okay it's it's fine
it's you know like you can tell it's his
first book and it's if you're a fan of
him you could you can hear his voice
read it in your head and so that helps a
lot but but Jam is is particularly good
I wanted ya dong at Li you watched it
dong Antley says he just watched man in
the high castle that Amazon Prime
pilot season show and he loved it and
yes I encourage everyone to watch that
as a good job they do get interesting
but impossible to root for anybody yeah
yeah but it's fun right it's a fun world
everyone's a Nazi a Nazi sympathizer or
something else horrible yet or spineless
yeah yeah yeah that's fun I don't know
if I can get at Astra show where I kind
of dislike everyone oh yeah I suppose it
does not have like it does not have its
lead it does not have a good no no but I
like I'm okay with that just because I
like the world I think it's a very
interesting world
someone else has done that before but
something else like what if why don't
the Hitman Nazis won the war sure
oh I'm sure it could be you could be
thinking of the book that it's based on
or maybe they tried to do a movie or a
show like HBO many years ago like 20
years ago now I recall something sure
heartland or something some name like
that John keel oh yes
John kilo tweeted at me there's a game
being kick-started called straight have
you heard of this rich no oh man it's
details need input it is it is a hard as
balls roguelike first-person shooter
randomly generated levels really hard
monsters very very much very kin to
something like like the first to doom
the graphics almost look like the first
doom but roguelike and and they're
taking a very retro tongue-in-cheek ad
campaign style were the like you know
it's it's a guy and sitting in front of
his computer who gets sucked in and his
head blown off it looks great it's got
strength and like like circle strength
yeah strength left or right okay what
are the roguelike elements like better
weapon
what not the roguelike elements are
randomized level up and have scriber I
see that totally and not Jake thank you
for subscribing for 6 months now
we very much appreciated see you get the
sincere thanks hi guys I thank everyone
all the time for from the bottom of my
heart I I really do appreciate everyone
I appreciate everyone who just comes out
I can you know it's it's fun for me but
uh Oh John kilo just just said the the
website strafe 1996 check it out it
looks really fun shit just see how much
rich likes it these are the Dave's on no
one oh these are the Dave's I know what
do you think of the Microsoft Hollins oh
oh you're talking about the die
I need a big fat health pack I didn't
get that recent message there the resub
message is a new twitch feature I just
got an email about it a couple days ago
so when you re subscribe it should have
a little option to announce how long
you've been a subscriber and you can
choose oh you're dead yeah yeah it
happens it happens
yeah what time is Jack 924 I think it's
I think it's a good chunk of doing okay
that's a good chunk of doom Atlas is
dead I think we've talked about Artemis
bridge simulator did you look into that
rich Artemis bridge simulator know where
it's a first-person perspective but a
game kind of like FTL where you have to
control different sections of a ship but
you have to do it from a first-person
point of view where much like this doom
game you just go up to different
consoles and have to press buttons it
looks fun what are we doing next wrong
something you might appreciate Oh
which means bunch a whole bunch of
bitching in the chat

[Part III]
are you gonna are you gonna tell me or
am I just gonna have to wait until it
comes up you'll see you'll see when they
say okay I'm excited
take off pants shit out of floor you're
right if it's gonna be great Bolg are
the Viking what volgarr the Viking it's
volgarr the Viking what the fuck you
think it is oh oh I gotta I gotta plug
my controller into this shit and I
probably got to turn the game audio way
the fuck down yeah
okay I had just updated the stream okay
to fold our with two hours yep
crap what is this this looks great
looks fantastic
alright sure we're just working all
right we're good to go
great great great great everything is
awesome and everything is possible
turn down for what
BB somebody sent this as a gift - Wylla
garden just getting around to it now ok
it's Gandhi Kennedy looks like a great
little 2d hack-and-slash e balls heart
balls huh okay that's the that's the
whole gimmick I like it's extremely hard
all right
digging the animation by the way all the
little all the tiny little animations
like that red flag that you went by in
the beginning yeah whoo great blood
bursts are you kind of just seeing it
start up yeah this looks great you would
like mine you would love it ha ha ha
this looks hard as balls like is there a
delay on swinging your sword No
you can't correct during jumps and you
die in few hits sure I'm sure there are
spikes in this game for anyone asking
yes yes this game would be remiss
without spikes yes yes I'm sure there
are spikes
really funny and really fun animation
everything you know has his his chest
Quivers when you jump is what I'm
noticing it is this is like tiny
barbarian only bigger this is like big
larger larger barbarian larger very
larger Viking let's be fair man has his
own culture he's not a barbarian that's
true that's true they say it also
reminds them of super star wars sure
Jack yes I would notice the chest
quivering so you know they say if it hey
hey now and I'm pretty good doing pretty
good
maybe maybe this is a lot like you are
but I came from the future
oh nice double jump is what I desire
your double jump my spike so good it's
doing great
oh sorry core like I didn't see before
rich have you played elite dangerous
elite dangerous no elite :
dangerous no nearby so I'm sorry Korra
like we have not why don't I do that I
don't know
why did you do what I start with my
shield okay yes this does look a lot
like ghosts and goblins meets
alternatively yeah that's actually a
perfect description of this game yes yes
you're absolutely right I don't know if
I played any of the elite games I don't
know what elite games aren't you Richard
know this this has a retro style Genesis
manual Oh does it yeah there's like a
PDF online form that's great that is
great oh shit
rich should look in oh you should look
into elite dangerous it has similarities
to TIE fighter
only it's an open world yeah we're gonna
do it oh I'll look it up yeah right now
though we're playing volgarr the Viking
that's true oh yes and I see you what
you and Chad have already answered but
yes we've played shovel knight I beat
shovel knight 100 percent on stream yep
great game
previous streams can be viewed on the
youtubes on the YouTube and on Twitch
right here on Twitch you can look into
our highlight section I also upload
those highlights to our youtube channel
youtube.com slash user slash previously
recorded and I did not intend that to be
a shameless plug that's just a
legitimate answer absolutely 100 percent
good what good
want indeed okay rich yeah I have
something berries oh fuck what and and
this is gonna be a conversation so you
you're gonna you're about to have to get
good at playing and talking at the same
time yeah so on the advice of some
people Lisa and I recently started
watching a show on Netflix and it turned
out to be absolutely terrible yeah many
people these people again and many
people have recommended this show to me
and in general it's something that we
would like because we're a fan of like
sci-fi II kind of stuff you're not gonna
tell me you hate Farscape are you gonna
tell me you hate first day I got five
episodes into Farscape and it is a sham
of a show
whoops sham an absolute goddamn sham
sham maybe sham is too hard it's bad
explain I'm this is gonna be a thing and
I know so far escape as far as uh as far
as sci-fi goes far escape is a science
fantasy show which takes a little
getting used to because you know it
feels very Star Trek
you know ya lost astronaut trying to
work its way home but of course there's
there's nothing scientifically based
about it you know but but that's fine
like it's about it so that's but that's
hard to get used to because it feels
very Star Trek but that's not that's not
the whole that's not the whole of it so
far so think back to the first five
episodes of our favorites right yeah our
main character muscly white guy I can't
even remember his name John Crichton
John Crichton what what is he trying to
accomplish he wants to go home okay
so in the first five episodes he does
and says nothing that indicates he wants
to get back to her I am not exaggerating
what do you want him to do I don't know
the say that he wants to get home hey I
think you're nuts
for example rich the Star Trek Voyager
right they don't do they don't
necessarily do something that helps them
get home every time right let me remind
me what happens in the first five
episodes okay so you know first episode
is obviously he gets through the
wormhole right yeah and and he
accidentally kills the brother of a
piece right pilot episode the pilot
episode episode 2 gets a little hazy
even though that's one of the worst
episodes of the series episode 2 sure
well that's great and then there's the
bug replicants episode oh that might be
ever episode 2 is the bug replicant
episode yeah okay so that's that's the
episode where there's like these but
space bug creatures that can make
duplicates of everyone yeah the first
season is not the best the first part
first half of the first season is not
the best Farscape but i same with Doctor
Who Jack you're no man of that shit so
doctor who has one bad episode and after
that it gets good no no it's not true at
all B we tried five episodes of this and
like I said so no no we're in the five
episodes does John Crichton give any
explanation of what he is attempting to
accomplish in the in this series
in fact further so none of the
characters have any overarching goal
we we are not told what they are what
any one of these escaped prisoners is
trying to accomplish in the series well
you learn more about certainly Dargo as
a lot
rigel wants his throne back sure he
never does anything to indicate that and
he never says any well I suppose he did
like he mentions being you sir but no
one is trying to do anything to better
their situation no one mentions anything
they have to do to better their
situations in the first five episodes
and that particularly is why I call it a
sham because none of the characters have
any motivation that I can lock on to
besides of course not dying from
immediate circumstances right the
technically storytelling wise it's
missing a ton of connective tissue and a
lot of that is I'm sure budgetary like
for example the last episode we saw they
were on a big peacekeeper ship the the
most feared peacekeeper ship yeah and
and they were looking at the peacekeeper
ship on their scanners right and I said
oh let's we should go in there and
salvage first up and there's a little
bit of a debate whether or not they
should go in there and they decided to
go in right yeah and then the next scene
if they're on the fire escape or
whatever their ship is called the
Leviathan oh yeah they're on Moya and
they're about to go onto the ship and
all of a sudden they just open a door
and they're on the ship
they're on the Peacekeeper ship it is
never like we're never shown an exterior
shot that they docked they never
mentioned like okay we just made on the
sci-fi channel right but it but they had
a budget of $3 and 45 cents these are
important things as far as storytelling
is concerned they could have been like
the
they could have had a line of dialogue
that said okay we've docked we're ready
to enter but no they just opened a door
and all of a sudden they're on the
Peacekeeper ship and that shit is
unacceptable
like there's no that it was lacking a
ton of this connective tissue where
often times I didn't know where people
were how they got there or what they
were intending on doing until they had
already gotten there are done it and
that that's acceptable on a couple
occasions but this was all over the
first five episodes all right Jack I
gave it I can't change your opinion on
things I gave it a real legitimate shot
and I was really disappointed oh you
fucker I'm not talking to the game I'm
talking to you for not liking Farscape
and yes I am criticizing the production
value post artist game that is true Chad
but there are things you can do when you
have a tiny project and and they didn't
they didn't do anything and I and by the
way a lot of the production value I
found charming the puppets were great I
mean they were puppets but I thought
they were cute them which means they
were superior to CGI you mean when you
say they were puppets because you sound
kind of condescending would you say that
slightly
oh I don't mean to know I mean there are
the puppets they're puppets in there
like Yoda is a puppet and Yoda is
obviously a puppet but it's charming and
you know a lot of the creatures are
puppets and a lot of the costumes are
like obviously costumes but they look
great and they have their own unique
styles and I found a lot of that to be
very endearing though low budget you
know so I'm wrong and I should feel bad
I don't think so no I am fully with the
chat you were wrong and you should feel
bad why because I don't like the show
where the characters have no motivate oh
by the way except they
have a lot of motivation they didn't
mention or do anything to show their
motivation I'm just going off of what I
saw on the goddamn show also John
Crichton
yeah is masonite is a scientist uh-huh
we would you categorize him as a smart
man yeah yeah absolutely I mean he has
to be right he's a theoretical physicist
he's a pilot and in Lassa yeah uh-huh
yeah I would think of him as a smart man
right so then why during the course of
these five episodes does he insist on
making earth pop-culture reference
references and then not understanding
when the aliens don't get them he's
probably used to making them for one and
for another he might not care that they
don't get them that actually might amuse
him no he gives this he he makes a big
deal out of them not understanding his
pop-culture references where he's just
like John Wayne you know John Wayne the
duke and then like the aliens look at
him like he's crazy he's like oh come on
it's it's it's infuriating yes all the
characters are very shallow and
predictable and more so they don't they
don't do anything and they don't say
what they're trying to do
yeah rich Jack yo fuck off I was really
I was really upset with bars Dave no and
by the way John Kehoe the first season
of next gen had some great episode no it
didn't it absolutely what was good in
the first season I'm sure that I were in
the first season what about what about
Ryker joining the Klingon ship is that
second that's first
that's pretty sure that's the first I
wanted I have no idea I'll be honest
with ya I'm very bad as he have a beard
no he does not have a beard are you sure
about that I mean maybe I could swear
that second season I'm 75 to 80% sure
about that chap can we correct jack on
this when des Riker joined the Klingons
in season 2 oh damn it that's it that's
a good one all right
that's a good episode I'm sure there are
good episodes on versus no there really
aren't there really aren't I mean the
pilot is good
we have the basics of the character
there there is a greater morality tale
like you understand what the show is all
about it's not great it's not like class
Island is like acceptable I don't know
that I would say Cherie
by the way I'll take I'll take
acceptable because none of Farscape was
acceptable the first five episodes
there's no accounting for taste the
first season they were finding their
footing but all the episodes had the
components Farscape finds its footing
for like the first half 2/3 of season 1
and then it finds it and that show is
amazing
from the minute Scorpius shows up that
show is great because at some point they
realized that the villain is kind of
just bad ok
and they they don't really faze him out
they they use them differently
and there's a new villain and that is
Scorpius
Scorpius was great ok ok sure crocodile
brain I will not stop like I can talk
extensively about the first five
episodes because I just watched them
after that I can't but listen I was at a
thing recently we had a game night with
some friends over the weekend and once
again this whole farce game thing came
up and the fact that I had never seen
her escape was once again a bit
wildermann to those around me you life
sci-fi you've never seen Farscape and I
was like no it just he knows nothing
that something that was never on my
radar so finally Lisa and I hunkered
down and we watched some episodes of
Farscape and we're thoroughly this
John Creighton is trying to get home all
the time no not in the first fight I
don't give a shit about the first five
episodes I've seen the entire series he
spends a lot of time investigating
wormholes sure but you know what give me
a hint of that when the show fucking
starts then hey I know there's an early
episode where it happens too right maybe
it's episode six man might be all I'm
saying is it's it's upsetting because
like that's they mention it in the
opening in the opening credits sequence
right waste like I'm trying to find a
way home but then throughout the
entirety of the episodes he doesn't even
mention it you know where he's like we
should head in this direction because I
need to find a map right like just a one
line of dialogue
he doesn't know a direction to find a
map check well then give me Amazon no
idea where he is
give me a line of dialogue saying that
like give me something to lock onto with
our main character but no
yeah yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry
the bad ass woman from Farscape will say
something tough overacting I want her to
die yeah again it's their their stock
characters and I'm sure throughout the
entirety of the series that get filled
out but yes you know there's there's all
the stock characters there's there's
Kryten who's our handsome white male
lead there's the there's the preacher
alien who also happens to be a total
badass like our priest peace-loving
alien who happens to also be really good
at kicking ass
there is the badass alien who also has
the heart of gold and then there's the
other badass alien who has the heart of
gold and then there's the farting puppet
I just wanna I just want to end this
dream now everybody I think I think jack
has prematurely ended the stream tell me
I'm first of all tell me you are wrong
about the series tell me I'm wrong about
those generalizations of the character
what were your generalizations again
dumbfounded I was listening to you there
is there's stock muscly white male lead
there is not stock he's he's he's
everything man he's smart he's funny
he's handsome
he's quirky but also grounded he's
everything you're right that main
character should've had a boring fuck
boring fuck but you know it's fine he's
fine he's absolutely fine and then there
is there is a peace-loving priest alien
who also happens to be able to kick
everyone's ass the blue alien lady Yeah
right
and then there is super tough alien guy
with the heart of gold and then there's
super tough alien girl with the heart of
gold
where do you get heart of gold with
Dargo incidentally he seems to have he
seems to have loyalty he has a warrior's
code of ethics and then there's farting
puppet who is the puppet that farts and
I'm not I'm not saying that to be
dismissive that's that's what he does
and that's fine he's comic relief oh no
doctor who had plenty of stock
characters I don't I don't mean stock
characters doesn't lessen
stock carry you know you take a stock
character and then you build off it and
as rich said I'm sure they build off of
these stock characters as the series
goes on I will not be privy to that as I
don't plan on watching anymore but yes
Dargo is the Klingon he's being he's
been Klingon yeah and early she hasn't
won yeah he's the warrior with his coat
event later on he evolves a bit his less
he's less generic honorbound alien in
the later seasons oh absolutely
he almost turns into drinking buddy okay
like at some point John Crichton teaches
him rock-paper-scissors and that that
kind of becomes a running thing sure
that's funny
by doing sweepy asks Jack here's a
question why do video games put such an
emphasis on jumping when people hardly
jump in real water there's something
doing the game yeah if it makes sure it
makes sure that your levels have a
variety to them what Mario you'll be fun
if you just ran from left to right yeah
it kind of simulates obstacle courses
you know going up stairs and whatnot but
it's a little more fun and maybe you
know height mobility is a general like
human wants like jumping high flying
that sort of stuff is it's a general
thing that human boy no beep up I'm
gonna don't about things I don't like
all the time
that's what I'm gonna do are you're
gonna face a big boss no
oh I'm sorry
no you're not you hate first guy you
hate me I hate everything I stand for I
don't know you
oh if all you stand for is far escape
then yes but I think you stand for more
than that no you know I again I bear no
ill will towards the things you like I
just are towards you because of I I bear
no ill will towards you because of the
things I just don't like him and and
hopefully I I mean I get to think about
this from an outsider's point of view
where it's like if you were to watch
those first five episodes fresh nowadays
I did I got hooked on the show at some
point first episode but did you see them
when they first came out no I I didn't
see first kit for the first time till a
few years ago okay
I can't get behind it it's it's too it I
like I said I am 100 percent sure it
gets better but these first five
episodes I cannot I cannot get by it
might get better in Episode six but I
won't give it another chance
yes it's just another reason to hate me
everyone because and I I'd like to think
I've given a solid enough reason for it
but your reasons are wrong but least you
give them they're not what are you
talking about none of the characters
have any motivation uh-huh characters
should have motivations to do things
uh-huh
this is not wrong this is this is how
this is how storytelling work huh
whatever how about that what do we do
when we've all you're right guys okay
guy jumped over my spirit oh no I'm not
doing a TV version of judging a book by
it's cover five episodes by five
episodes you should have a good enough
feel for a show I gave up on Doctor Who
after like eight that's see that to me
is crazy then and you know if you're not
into it that's fine like to me doctor
who started getting good at Episode two
like the first episode Rose is terrible
that is just undeniable a terrible
terrible episode and I can 100% see
anyone giving up on Rose because I gave
up after watching Rose I decided not to
watch more then i plow through an
episode too with with the face skin and
the end of the earth that is your
opinion rich I'm gonna be fine with it I
disagree I'm not telling you you have to
get back in there and watch more first
day you don't want to watch anymore
that's right your problem right yes oh
you guys in your damn semantics episode
two of the eighth season or whatever I'm
doctor you know what I'm talking about
you jerks they're saying episode two is
in 1961 get out of
hey you goddamn fucking plant monsters
here we go rich yeah cinnamon has really
hit the nail on the head
where's Jack Jack is absolutely wrong
about Farscape and rich is absolutely
wrong about doctor that's the thing
that's fine that's fine
oh of course
what'd you do I got hit by a ball well
not really a ball Monica
trap in the wall that shoots arrow
things Tiki trap sure great Emory 801
that says Jack the Great and Powerful I
just got a blu-ray player are there any
movies slash TV shows I should buy I
don't know man okay I just this right
here's the real thing about me is I got
a blu-ray player like two weeks ago
because my brother-in-law had an extra
one and the only thing I've played on it
so far DVDs I don't care about blu-rays
yeah I stream everything 100% everything
if it's not available through Netflix or
Amazon I don't watch it that's that's
almost the truth about me there are very
few things I have left on DVD
there's a bunch of great b-movies now
coming to blu-ray with extra
commentaries and documentary so if
you're interested in that I wrote
working on that but I stream everything
okay mr. mr. waka waka says this my
problem is not that Jack dislikes
Farscape
I specifically disagree that the
characters motives are unclear yeah so
that's what mr. waka waka says yes
so mr. waka waka in the first five
episodes named me a time in which our
main character John Crichton has ever
mentioned wanting to go home and what
will happen is he will not find that
moment you will not find him talking
about wanting to go home and you will
not find him trying to get home to
Planet Earth in the first five episodes
because I just watched them over the
weekend and it does not include your
first priority be staying alive the
moment-to-moment ones represent he's a
complete fish out of water
yeah I mean they make a point in those
first five episodes that he doesn't even
know how to open the space stores yeah
yeah I remember I remember that but and
like I said if you compare it with a
show that's it's very comparable to like
a Star Trek Voyager right there is
generally in Voyager a line of dialogue
or some sort of movement towards earth
right like that's a general thing is
earth is six million light-years that
one right so let's head that way and
then they get caught up in the
day-to-day just staying alive stuff what
about what about junk right is daily
audio logs to his father so far he's
only done one of them in Episode two
so well you you have watched the first
five episodes I'm sure that never
happens again this is all I'm saying is
it hasn't happened I'm not saying it
never happens okay saying it hasn't
happened and because it hasn't happened
there is a weak character motivation
weak to non-existent character
motivation right no no this is 100%
correct
I am absolutely correct in this if they
don't mention or do anything
there is no motivation that is just a
thing that happens 100% I'm sure later
mr. Wacka Wacka says later he's obsessed
with getting home and I think that'd be
great that would be a great motivation
five episodes is how deep I'm into it he
does get kind of obsessed great Jack
needs characters to repeat their
motivation every episode or else he
forget it exists no I I want to know
what they're thinking and doing that's
what helps me understand what's going on
so he's busy being being fun and hitting
on me does the female piece people and
not doing nothing this is that this is a
thing week
to be fair Jack only watched four
episodes since episode one and two are a
two-parter sure that's fair
oh oh
you've only watched four episodes well I
watched the first five and Netflix and
so I'm sure I've only watched four fair
enough I guess I just can't dig neutral
is saying I should keep watching it to
see how wrong I am but I'm not
this is the thing I'm not wrong about
these episodes I just there's four
episodes right I'm sure like I've said a
million times now we get to this great
characterization but it does not exist
yet so I'm sitting there saying I'm
upsetting you
it's my barks good dog I knew it would
yeah yeah I knew it would upset you I'm
just not into it
repto flux asks Jack where all the white
women at Portland what I said Portland
it's a very white
Portland OR lemon all over the place
it's true it's true statistically
speaking Portland is very white now who
I haven't seen an agent Carter I am I am
actually looking forward to watching
here agent Carter do you know anything
about that I know I know it's the 1940s
woman from Captain America goes on
adventures yeah here's good I hear good
things about it I can't tell you any
more than that
oh okay yeah no I can't tell you there
I've heard it's good I'm looking forward
to watching it Oh a Jimmy Jim five I did
not know that Farscape so 12 years to
make that makes it better
Oh Emory Emory wants to talk about other
shows that I don't like with the chat
logs like Firefly except for I long to
Firefly Firefly was great rich do you
see Firefly I never wanted to get into
it because I know it gets canceled early
mmm so I was like why subject myself to
that kind of heartbreak because it's
great even even through that even with
the heartbreak it's great it's super
fantastic even knowing I mean what
there's eight episodes it's not there's
nothing and it's beautiful that's great
Firefly is great I you know what that
here's here's the the real talking about
Firefly is surrett the movie serenity
kind of like the wrapping up movie yeah
I thought was kind of mad I figured that
bus oh right that's the whole thing it's
like trying to wrap up an entire series
for the floor yeah it's kind of matte
but
fireflies
I should just rewatch Firefly I don't
know when you give it a chance past four
episodes Jack Firefly was great at
episode 100k 100% oh they were 14
episodes great you can do it there's a
but to zoom out ready I just learned
this yes oh that's great
what okay okay Lord gonzo this here
again the problem with nuanced opinions
I never said that The Rocketeer was bad
so settle down The Rocketeer is a
wonderful and great movie I had some
problems with some action sequences
others but that does not make it any
less a wonderful and great movie it just
has some questionable action sequences
now that we've moved on to movies with
better action sequences in hindsight
it's dated it's a little dated but it is
still a wonderful actually nuanced
opinions ok let's talk more about your
terrible taste in medium that's fine if
that is it hey that's what keeps the
blood boiling then I'm fine with it what
games have you been playing Jack I don't
know if I should mention this but I've
finally accepted my fate and then have
been picking up and playing The Binding
of Isaac yeah it should be noted that I
am officially on bad terms with the
people over at nycos
because no one has ever answered my
series queries that's the word I was
looking for no one has ever answered any
of my messages about the PlayStation
save bug probably nothing they can do
but they could at least tell you then an
email saying that there's nothing they
could do would have been very much
appreciated after my multiple messages
and tweets at them have gone unanswered
I have decided to just accept my fate
and restart plan / so even though I very
much enjoy the gameplay there is a
little twinge of sadness every time like
I unlock something that I of course I
unlocked months ago but yeah yeah are
you happy that I'm unhappy
have you played that one loaned you the
ps3 for for maybe talking about it I
have I had I don't think I've gotten to
the section you were talking about I
have and yeah I mean yeah it's terrible
but I'm gonna get to that I figured I
didn't necessarily need to specifically
play that I just need to a screen
capture of what you talk but
no I'm not gonna I'm not no no this is
not Edmunds fault I do not blame Edmund
McMillen for this because he you know he
didn't code this version
Michaels did I'm upset at Tyrone
Rodriguez who was Project Lead who I
follow on Twitter and I'm upset at
Michaels in general because I emailed
them directly this is not Edmunds fault
do not bring him into this he made a
wonderful and great game but Jack
Michaels is a small company are you
really that upset that they didn't
answer your Damn emails yes 100% not
because they're a small company because
I'm a customer and I had a complaint
about the product that I bought a
product by the way that I've bought
three times I've purchased their game on
PC Vita and ps4 because I'm such a big
fan of it I had an issue with their
product and they did not answer the
issue I had with their problem so I
don't care how big their company is if
you make a product you should be able to
answer for so yes like I I recently had
a problem with an electric kettle it was
leaking I bought an electric kettle
because I make coffee and I emailed the
company my problem and I didn't even I
didn't have my receipts I didn't have
anything I emailed them some pictures of
the problem I was having it was leaking
they fixed it for me it took a while you
know they weren't right um right on the
spot with it it took a while but they
fixed it it was great it's great camera
my new kettle works great
anyway though sorry I'm still very upset
about losing my golden God Satan it's
okay
it burns it burns a little bit it was
tea kettle night again you're right I
was having tea kettle night and my
kettle had a leak in it every time I put
water in it and a slow leak I have a
drip funnel for the bass I have a
pour-over and so I using kennel for my
pour over come for coffee
I bought a products and the product was
defective and the company fixed it
that's what should happen when you make
something when you make something and it
doesn't work you need to address the
thing that doesn't work about it that's
capitalism that's how business should
work John Keeler are you giving me shit
is that what you're doing John kilo says
sorry I gave it a fair chance I played
through the first four rooms but his
motivation wasn't clear thank you John
kilo that made these I think Jam kilos
giving this shit
avenge 11 behold yes Isaac does say that
he wants to get out of the basement
well they say at the beginning of the
game but they don't mind you every level
they say they say during the cutscenes
you're right and I usually skip the
cutscenes but Isaac's motivations are
very good I shot first says Jack hates
every game that isn't Doctor Who right
everything everything is terrible all
the time
music everybody I haven't been listening
to much music I've been I've been
editing things that require me to listen
a venge dilemma tea fold thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
five months in a row thank you thank you
well I avenged 11 tea Bowl you've put up
with us for five whole months he
probably hasn't seen the opening
narration yeah I have seen the opening
narration they're trying to be clever
right there right there absolutely right
arkhan thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
these past five months with you two
that's that's great I think it's great
you understand that TV shows and video
games are different
Ryan life
Dec rich would you recommend me by the
Space Quest collection from GOG or steam
well rich is usually a fan of Gog you
don't have to have steams person to play
it you just install it when you want and
yeah it's yours
the the question more so if you're not a
crazy person like riches do you care
about things like you know steam
achievements and other people knowing
what you're playing this team have
achievements I don't I have no idea I
have no idea but you know if you care
about what people know that you're
playing or hours catalog then get it
through Steam if not good if you do I
got it through gog because if it's a
matter of a convenient like launching
your games from Steam yeah you can take
a shortcut and link that to steam like I
can actually launch mine on Steam games
from Steam just by linking the shortcut
to the library yeah oh that's also yes
you can you can plane on Steam games in
steam so but I
I think gog like I got the first three
Space Quest through gog and just because
they had a really great sale going on so
check the sales wherever you can get it
cheaper get it that
future future J there they're bringing
up some points which I'd like to refute
Jack rich Star Trek and into the next
generation would start with the
captain's prologue but not always say in
the episode that their goal was peaceful
exploration oh no your failure to show
motivation no because you know what they
did during those episodes peaceful
exploration they did the thing instead
of talking about it yeah what a what a
waste of a good point he's your future
do they okay no they they showed what
they were doing whether it was you know
going to the trade thing or the whatnot
in the who's of day they they explored
every episode so we knew that by
watching if sowed
so in spelunker what makes the ghosts
come does it just randomly mess with you
I don't know avenge eleven default like
I didn't figure that out in time I think
it was a time I think it was a set time
where like every two and a half minutes
the ghost would come and mess with you
but I couldn't figure it out yes I know
I'm getting very good with dying in this
game chat
oh they're saying your shield is on your
back for the arrows
alright alright I usually like to avoid
them all together cuz I don't have to
worry about not being lined up right oh
hold on a sec ex Mensa thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
seven and we haven't been doing this for
seven or eight months it's insane octo J
says he's been subscribing for nine holy
fuck SN goos thank you for subscribing
we really appreciated these past three
months have flown by as Nagumo's people
give me this shit this game is very
difficult you people try it
I was I was letting Lisa know of all the
shit I was getting for not liking
Farscape yeah that's that's what I use
that's why I meet at my microphone so I
could talk to her real quick right she
cheered me up she let me know that does
fuckin psycho so she's wrong to their
family if people are wrong yeah sure
what a miserable
you hate Farscape I'm dying at this game
this is like the Empire State Strikes
Back of prereq oh yeah yeah yeah you're
right now we need a Jack and Lisa versus
rich and caring stream is there a
four-player game we could do probably
just cinnamon says Jack wrong about
Farscape Packers Emory 801 I don't know
what you do about heartburn I don't
often get heartburn
Tom's thumbs see their terms are
ridiculously expensive invasive surgery
I think Tom's probably the better option
I've heard that several cases of
heartburn can be attributed to the
hydration and so just making sure that
you are drinking more water I know that
was a problem my dad had a while ago
where he was getting like constant
really bad heartburn and eventually his
doctor just like kind of went through
his diet with him and he was drinking
almost no water throughout the day and
so the doctor just like drink fucking
eight glasses of water like you're
supposed to and his heart burn burn
didn't go away but reduced significantly
to where he no longer needed to take
medication okay okay um if that doesn't
work I've heard great things about
prevacid that's like the day it like
take daily heartburn medication yeah
yeah again I'm not a super authority on
it as I do oh I'm so dumb
yeah but I also drink a ton of water a
day and eats relatively well and so that
could be why don't have Arthur so these
are things to take into you consider is
eight considerations I talk funny I
gotta be near some kind of checkpoint
staging
I really doubt about that
I forgot about that the the chat is now
saying Jack wrong about Farscape right
about water I guess you gotta be right
about something
there you go I've heard right Jack's dad
drank four glasses of water but stopped
because he didn't feel the waters
motivations never gonna and I don't care
oh that's fine
no relation what this man knows is water
I drink a lot of water I Pete Johnson
I'm peeing right now said a little fag
Jack do you enjoy a nice game of chess
no I don't enjoy chess I'm terrible at
it I am awful at chess - yeah there
there are people who are good at chess I
I don't have the mental fortitude to
think that far in advance
I can't think two or three moves ahead I
can only look at the board and won't
think of my next move I don't understand
yeah no no I'm gonna I got through that
area that's good oh okay great
make the subtitle for prereq I've heard
great things about preface it Evel
knieval we might have gotten your anime
package rich did you see anything at the
studio for us I don't pick up the mail
kneeble me both sent us an anime package
meaning what with different animated
movies and series maybe well probably
not gonna do anything with it because he
said yeah I don't know I don't know
great but has I haven't heard about okay
yeah we've neither rich nor I get the
mail so mbpo box is not checked daily so
as of right now the answer is no and
rich remember the trap they're saying
remember the trap I don't know what that
means
jonbi 820 yes I finished the first
season of attack on Titan and that's all
that's available through Netflix right
now and I rather enjoyed it
really fun little anime I heard some
people complain about the pacing of it
but it seemed normal to me
I haven't watched recent anime but it
also you know it's it's slower paced it
takes a long time for them to do
anything but I thought it I lost the
shield and I lost the helmet and the
sword oh that's I'm sorry no I mean I'm
not super sorry but you know I want you
to succeed in general rich
I wonder what loose get to a fucking
checkpoint such madness yeah
attack on Titan gets crap fast later in
a mighty the first season was all
righted it ended a little anticlimactic
leo or shit whoa whoa
you know I was all fuck did you well I
can't wait to see what the sample it's
fine it I was I was really hoping that
there's a big build-up to the final oh I
see I see what's that
there's a big buildup on attack on Titan
to like this final battle and it was a
little anti convict second season is
next year I believe that's I mean I
might pick it up again I'm not oh yeah I
don't even get a checkpoint near that
thing
you don't you have to start from the oh
wow that's great I love it
that's no bad bit that's a bit out
that's harder the balls I'm lovin this
game is hard yeah that's great
old school hard you can do a rich get
good
yeah now this is Jack loves bad things
sure and went on I didn't say in love
with that I know that it was good a
little a little overdramatic if I'm
giving it the full criticism but you
know that is to be expected whoo and
watching anime that that should never be
unexpected when watching anime
everyone's screaming about their
emotions at top capacity and sounds
dreadful it's you know it's it's a thing
you know what you're getting into but
you fought janam and you know it's
people screaming about their emotions
and making big grand speeches on
morality and then giant things fighting
and ripping off faces it's fine
yeah exactly it's fine thank you jerk
store I'm glad that you love Taylor
Swift - I don't love all Taylor Swift
it's just this recent album like any of
her country music stuff I don't give a
shit about it but this new album is very
poppy very nice one or two more attempts
and I got to switch to something else
okay
do it this game is broken me I see the
people are suggesting you play
Battletoads I get it I get it yeah no
jimmy-jam five if you're watching an
animated feature and at one point a girl
might be raped by tentacles you're
watching pornography not not a regular
anime you're watching an animated
pornography play FTL for cash thank you
for subscribing
do you already subscribe a little bit
ago in any case thank you we very much
appreciate it
waffle taeil wants to know if I've
played super crate box I have I have
super crate box for my Vita it's a fine
little time kill I haven't gotten very
far on it it's very very hard but it's I
think I got it for like 50 cents so it
was definitely worth the 50 cents that's
a fun little neat little game super
crate box one level and was runner ish
with shooting guns but anyway man that
man oh that was play FTL for money
ah which we have a play FTL for money
and play FTL for cash I wonder what
they're looking for you know what I kind
of want to play FTL now this visit is my
last attempt on Boulder tonight
here's here's a very serious question
that I would like to answer yeah bones
19 says Jack have you ever cuffed your
hand over your ass before farting and
then the smell dear hand immediately
afterwards no no and I will 100% judge
if you say the answer is yes I've
smelled my own farts before because you
know that smell can sometimes reach my
nose but I have never intentionally
cupped the smell in my hand it's fish
bus thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciated
fish bus huh fish bus it's fish bus
what rich minimum between Farscape in
this my night is turn to shit oh no I
guess I have to play FTL now that's
right Chad I'm off the trolley you're
off the trolley
jianming meets 8:20 I'm off the trolley
cutter damn thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
these and that's not quite so sincere
because you've only been you know four
months Oh fine
slightly sincere mostly it's mostly
sincere what do you know jack you hate
Farscape I do I really do I didn't like
because you know I here's the real thing
like I watched the first couple of
episodes and overall it was it was fine
you know like I wasn't blown away I
didn't hate him I like I said before I
loved the the charming puppetry and
character design Jack has no motivation
thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate is hilarious that's
great oh rich yep
they want you to name your characters
after the crew from farce

[Part IV]
various that's great Oh rich yeah they
want you to name your characters after
the crew from Farscape maybe you guys
are funny sometimes Oh mokey b85 is
saying all they need is a slap happy
Jack and I got myself a shock ma you
might get it I don't you know who knows
LA we're going but our wishing fto oh
now I am yes what ship do we want oh I
don't know but first of all I just need
to have mentioned as Clem Fandango has
is Jack we have now turned on you were
you ever turned with me this is this is
the reed of question if you were I'm
sorry that you've turned away I'm sure
I'll say another thing everything on
what that's weird
Oh cuz it's the new computer mm-hmm okay
yeah yeah all right well I don't quite
have everything unlock and I got a real
Mach everything oh I probably have that
say I don't know I know I've got that
save backed up I just gotta go look for
I don't have it here but
is it oh is this they're saying is this
your steam one and not your genius it
might be yeah yeah okay all right what
ship do we want what's what's the
consensus and chef put up what will be
fun like what will be a legitimate
challenge for you what look you want
challenger overpowered or what are we
what are we looking that's fun yeah well
here's what I would like guilty guilty
mom sure Red Dog guilty MA thank you
you're subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we do I would like you to play
with the ship Seymour what have you seen
I've so not the first three No Steph
could be fun
do you want to go stealth type beep it's
just the different layout the different
calm be might be fun
these got the clave sure yeah why not
if like will that be a nice challenge
for you because I know like you are very
good at this game and so I want to make
sure that it is genuinely challenging to
me as well I think that will be fun for
us
jet stealth error stealth be ah turn
flukes thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciated a or be chat air beep
what's the difference between a and B
B's got the glaive which is a very
powerful weapon but it takes an
extremely long time to charge up so you
might get hit a lot cuz that thing has
no shields oh okay yeah oh they're all
saying B everyone wants B everyone wants
B everyone's be alright
normal easy or Harvard all normal I
didn't give a thanks did you not bowl of
Special K Wow of Special K thank you for
subscribing and your patience we really
appreciate it
yes thank you for letting us know we
apologize great alright so make sure you
enable advanced content which is it not
already I'll see I get them yes and I
were to install fudge packard thank you
for subscribing really appreciated oh
that's mean that's just mean I don't
know if I can get behind that
fudge packer much Packard yeah whatever
I'm thinking about naming the crew after
Farscape carriages but it's always been
a thing where we named them after people
in the chat so let's let's get some chat
people here fudge Packard Robert Bazar
jaw thank you for Rees absque reiben for
the past three months
we very much a pretty sure who is who's
one of our six bouncers from earlier
Farscape Episode six thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it got
fat a fat God fat a forty two thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
alright I'm not I'm not gonna pick you
just because you're a fresh son I get it
I get it
mr. mr. Smythe shall Watson
jerk he's my only death in my ex come
run so I'm gonna give him a second shot
at life Barbarella
wants to make sure that fudge packard
has proper character motivation okay
weightless his first one I'm looking at
and then we will name more from there
okay how's about volume is if I am
overpowering or weird in the game maybe
turn the volume down a little bit
big neutral has never been named I'll
tell you what dick neutral first crew
member we pick up
he's dick neutral you maybe turn that
game volume down volume down yeah just a
little bit to say yeah I'm muted it for
a second and it's a little overpowering
okay little more I'm sure it said people
are saying it was good already but
trying to listen to us talk in my ears
while we are also talking I did to
update the stream title already that's
good actually yet baby level you have it
at now is very good Richard a rebel ship
Hills we did not fight a war to let a
single Federation ship shatter our
dreams there galaxy he locks his weapons
alright so charge up are extremely long
charging weapon the oh the excitement
begins oh now people people are are
rooting for fudgepacker to die oh fudge
Packard apparently is gonna go on a lot
of away mission rub some people the
wrong way Jack apparently apparently by
pointing out why things are bad that's
fine I'm gonna be fine with that I'm
gonna need to do some mild keyboard
config stuff here
how sure
yeah I can't pause like normal iron
options
come hey it configure your keyboard
hotkeys pause pause rich they're telling
you to send me to the space spiders I
will do what is what is good for the
good of all that is what I will do
absolutely no more no less
goodbye ship explodes leave behind a
substantial collection of useful scrap
material yes what are you playing on
easy normal normal it's been been a
while since I've played it I'm out of
practice your store I can't buy anything
but that's a dead end
we're going to start
tales of interest wants to know if I
have any on-screen roles in space goblin
I appear in space cop four times discuss
cameos I play I play four different
characters in space gun and I will not
tell you which four you will have to
well we'll make that a thing once it
comes out you'll have to see if you can
spot me all four times
but I've had a good time maybe actually
and maybe even five I'll have to go
through it and see what makes it into
the final cut I might be in it even five
times you have encountered a refugee
ship drifting in space and looks as if
it was fleeing the rebel advance and I
ran out of fuel
it's distress beacon is active but
you're not sure anyone is on board hail
them or ignore the refugees we're doing
like this I mean this is just me playing
this are we like oh I already click and
he'll anyway so the point oh this is
just you playing okay just play how you
normally would as you hail the freighter
it advances weapon is bristling from its
home
it's a pirate ambush a Margrave destroy
some shit that's that's what the glaive
does it just destroys shit it wrecks
your shit I want to I want to see this
weapon in action I can't wait I cannot
wait and no I think we've talked about
this before by the way fuck bought 5,000
does not appear in space gob no I Paul I
apologize for any disappointment it's
not it's not the right vehicle for
family we're trying to make serious
movie all right you win here's some
equipment from our stores leave us alone
accept the offer or we will not accept
surrender ah I like three fuel is that
what it is three fuel and eight scrap
ate scraps kind of shit but I was
talking with Jay earlier today about
some stuff he was doing for space cop
over the weekend
we were going over some technical stuff
he's I am also very excited to see space
cop slavers by the way ooh nicely but
it's a Zoltan vessel hmm we've we've got
that glaive but it's gonna be weak
against a super shield that's a slow
charging weapon we're gonna have to get
two shots off two shots just to get
through their shield to get her one big
one to take the super shields down the
other one to destroy them oh Jesus
but we get crew member yeah I mean
obviously go for it it's not that
obvious check oh is it and we're gonna
go for oh yeah go for it
I need to hit as many rooms as possible
this being Jack the handsome are you
guys taking 12 years to make the next
blinky review you probably will stop
after four years because of lack of
motivation we should do it wrong just
because we have to I think I don't know
if we talked about it yet today but I
mean you guys know when the next blink
interview is coming out and spoiler and
the next blinker view is going to be on
why boyhood deserves to win all the
Oscars it's going to be a serious
thought piece not only on the epic
masterpiece that is boyhood but why
awards are now useless because it
boyhood wins them all that could have
been much worse
yeah oh yeah what happened good things
all around yay now we fuck their shit up
plug it on up alright we got out we have
a AAA AAA AAA mentis we're gonna accept
that offer great what sir what Stan he
could be sensors I said that was gonna
be dick neutral right yep
remind me where I go to do this
ship crew there we go
dick neutral asexual Budman yes right
dick Newton dick Newton I like them I
like dick Newton
my only fear for space cop is that it
won't be as good as boyhood I mean it
won't be making movies is now kind of
pointless because boyhood exists but
they started making space cop before
they saw boyhood so they have an
obligation to finish it but after that
they're not making any more movies
because they won't be as good as boyhood
you're absolutely right there's no great
reason to stop at the stores I got I
mean I got 26 crap jack that's nothing
right that's nothing also just just
killing the bed rich
oh sorry jack sorry general I don't mean
to step on your material I'm just
playing yeah my material J and legs
matera I'm just trying to keep the bit
aligned we've run that into the ground
shoe are they they're still bringing it
up so I'm keeping when does it get to
die and when to win the chance
it was recently exhumed because of the
inherent vice Oscar special right the
boyhood bed and so everyone's excited
about the bit again because it just
recently Pima and 14 the past show oh
wow that's a lot of fire where's my
airlock on this thing you just flee
there's no point sticking around my
engines up that's gonna burn my engines
oh fuck fuck fuck this is it this is the
end of the run so sorry could not have
and of course it's in the engine room
again I hear you need an engine to fly
in space Jack shut the fuck up okay I
will
we lost somebody
oh we lost two people this is it that's
going to be god fucking bullshit bow
ends alright yeah yeah you soldiering on
yeah alright who died who did we lose
two people fudge cracker and dick
neutral of the only ones left standing
yes mr. shy smile died again and was
something round was it that's right
fudge packard lives to fight another day
he's there a little bloody fire brew
fire in the oxygen room will kill you
every time yeah yeah it really well the
fudge packer didn't dick neutral the
held sanity
oh there's no oxygen in the yeah we're
fucked
we're officially fucked all right well
thanks for coming out of nothing
I'm sure we can start another one we
should so now we tried one that would be
challenging right and got a little fog I
I know I could do a lot better than this
do you want to try another one like this
or do you want to just pick a ship that
you know can dominate everything
my question for you rich you need to win
this ship to the agents don't air the B
coz I know I know this can go better
okay yeah just wanna give it I mean air
is everyone dead or are you everyone
okay what do you want to do we're going
on that ship yeah let's go again let's
do it let's do this if I can do it um I
need some Redemption tonight all right
hi this is what I'm saying s1 edge
hammer you're going to be a crew member
you know what the problem was
what fudgepacker was on that curveball
where was the always fudgepacker the
captain I think like the next first one
I see GS hots
G shots I guess from there saying call
it Moya h20 h2o but uh Alejandra 'qs
42 thank you for subscribing for the
past of three months
we very much appreciate all three of
those months
all right fuck this we're kicking ass
now never just we're gonna we're gonna
fucking kick everything's ass I'm not on
the ship its feet it's gonna kick all
sorts of asses I'm just gonna stay back
here in the hangar going wait guys did
you need this part didn't you just go up
into space and your wing will fall off
or something
oh god beamship first thing oh that's
the worst thing that can happen in a
cell ship how can you rename the ship I
did my uh oh you name the ship Malaya
great there you go
good we wanted to sleep do it
now this isn't doom 3 I updated the
stream we're playing faster than light
there is not a new movie coming out
health girlhood I will not believe that
is that true Jim if it were true that
saying Birdman three times makes Michael
Keaton appear to accept an award I would
say it right now
Birdman Birdman Birdman
I am Michael Keaton what oh my god I
accept this award on behalf of all the
words it really worked I'd like to thank
everyone for believing in our little
project and I was just happy to be a
part of a great team
there is maybe called pyramid come on
I'm Google's right now what is this
obsessed with her family setting
dead-end school prospects and the boys
law in the neighborhood Meryem starts a
new life after meeting a group of three
free-spirited girls she changes her name
her dress code and quit school to be
accepted in a gang hoping that this will
be a way to freedom girlhood okay so
it's not like a sequel to boyhood to
cult a girl hood it's just a movie
called the girl hood about a girl
seemingly in a hood all right when when
you said there's a movie called girlhood
I was assuming it would be a a slapped
together sequel to boyhood
so that's it
Jack and rich do you guys believe that
TV quality has gone up while movie
quality yes hey Hollywood has gone down
yes
Hollywood forgot that stories and
characters are important and TV realized
hey we have a full season and and
multiple seasons to develop a character
they went in opposite directions I agree
so that's it I do I wish I do wish there
was more of an end game with some TV
seasons I think we all learned a big
lesson with the the writers strike what
did you learn Jack that that some shows
need a definitive ending and can't go on
just forever and so I do wish that some
shows have like instead of you know last
like being able to last up to 12 season
then all of a sudden just shut down a
bin they would make a plan like okay
here season one here's how season one
can be its own encapsulating story all
right season two its own unique story
still using stuff from season 1 but
season 2 is something I would love to
see more of that
so she's long stories yeah like season
long
arches octo GRU having a tie being made
from guitar picks is that what I'm
seeing I don't know if I can approve of
that it looks weird it looks like a
dragon scale tie what kind of shits do
it
octo Jay said Jack what do you do you
approve of my new custom tie I'm having
made and it looks like a necktie made
out of guitar picks my life it's what
you want right right it looks like Oh
kale armor yeah it looks like dragon
scales what kind of shirt would you wear
that with is my question a normal shirt
a roughly shirt uh would you wear that
with a jacket a vest not a vest you
couldn't wear that under anything would
you wear that with a jacket a suit I
don't know I don't know how I feel about
that but I'm uh I'm fairly conservative
when it comes to my dress
what's your jacket so I mean I don't
approve because it's something that I
wouldn't or I guess that's the thing
it's something that I wouldn't wear but
I I encourage you to try some weird shit
and go go for it it's not on me would
you work with a zoot suit or a
stepladder they wear it with only socks
and it'll look great right mall radical
if he wears it with just the tie and
nothing else but that's great dye so I'm
going on rich something going in keep
bringing the turnips mmm they're very
bad when you don't have shields sure
sure
oh we got crew member though oh that's
great all right let's fix our damage
your name will be something all right
all right
crocodile brain peat pizza-guy low XD
says I want to ask Jack about more shit
he likes / hates but I'm afraid I'll end
up hating him for it I already do hi
that's that's the tough thing when you
are a big fan of something I'm someone
else is not pizza guy but you know you
got to take that risk if you want to
have a conversation about something you
have to take that risk and it could be
something I really enjoy or it could be
something I really really hate I say go
for exampie thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it also could be Zenit E what Zenit E
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it does that make you happy
Jack you know does that satisfy you that
that's how I was going to pronounce it
so
no dick newsreel that's fine I'm okay
with if you strongly disagree with my
feelings on Farscape many people do rich
Evans being one of us there there are
certain things in in movies and TV shows
that are important to me that are less
important to other people good shot
jeomsun York remember now oh there you
go there you go
you've been drafted you didn't ask but
you've been drafted it's a dictatorship
the rebels are valiantly fighting
against a horrible dictatorship and yeah
you are remember the dictatorship so I'm
sorry you're drafted welcome to my ship
you're gonna die
right welcome to my ship but you're
gonna die what do I have time for I
don't know what do you have time for uh
have I watched yeah I watched a little
bit of house of cards rich have you ever
seen did you ever watch house of cards
the Netflix original series starring
Kevin Spacey as a no as a Washington I
think he's a governor he's a governor of
Georgia fucking beep ships sorry and
he's playing on these a Washington DC
political game it's very good very good
liked it I don't know if I got very far
in it but I liked it Kevin Spacey is
great as always
that's not true
pizza guy la like Steve pizza guy low
like Steve says what do you think of
this half in the bag show I watched four
episodes of it but I just didn't know
what their motivations were and that's
not true because they clearly state
their motivations at the beginning of
every skip they're always looking to get
more money out of that dastardly old mr.
Plunkett so they do a good job of
explaining their characters motivations
before talking about some random movie
that they do stuff
governor whip whatever motivations right
he's a governor I believe he's a
governor he had was the Democratic
majority whip followed by the labor
oh he's a right you see the president
now spoilers alert come on on I am I
didn't I liked what I saw
I just didn't there was uh there was one
episode it's it's a Netflix original
show right so it doesn't have the
biggest budget and one of the episodes
has one of the most comically blatant
product placement I think I've ever seen
in my entire life which is Kevin Spacey
is talking to this other governor or
someone else in the government and he's
trying to convince him to do something
for the Democratic Party right and he's
talking to this other guy about his kids
and whatnot and it goes Wow and uh Kevin
Spacey has a southern accent right he's
from Georgia he's like wow what what is
that over there on the table is Anna one
of them PS Vita's well I hear the PS
Vita has a enormous gaming selection I'm
sure your children are really happy to
have them I'm not lying to you this is
an actual thing second show uh and it
was just so blatant that it was comical
not saying that that ruined the show for
me was just I'm sorry your Vita was just
it wasn't this dude that was that was
the actual product placement for the
PlayStation being okay because I have a
large selection yes that's why they
tried to advertise for it by saying it
has a large selection unless it was a
snarky joke by a writer who doesn't like
the Vita no no that this is an act this
was I looked it up it was actual product
placement for the Vita it was a very
very funny it's got such a reputation
for not having games I instantly assumed
that was a joke yes that's why it's very
it's comical
that's that's the whole thing it's very
very it's very very funny the the poor
product but but it's a good job my likes
good deal pass the cards just didn't
stick with it yes and I know dead dak it
is kind of a running theme that he's a
gamer it's it's a little it's a weak
running theme but he does mention it
earlier that he likes video games and
stuff like that so it makes sense but
with with like the southern accent and
he's like an older Southern gentleman it
comes across as comical when he's
talking about that PS Vita ie that has a
wonderful game selection yeah I didn't
waste a cloak sacred house cards my
abandoned Farscape no I didn't stick
with either I I can't tell you exactly
why I stopped watching house of cards I
guess I just stopped caring I still
think it's a good show I just stopped
caring I don't know if that means
anything I cannot it I cannot quantify
why I stopped watching house of cards
ooh you've got an achievement for
something okay
nonsense great great
great well your vessels gonna get
destroyed I'm sorry I don't have any
disabling weaponry I'm supposed to take
this thing alive Shh
can't happen actually I don't I mean
obviously if you can get any scrap out
of it do that but if it's gonna cost you
so much points where the scrap won't
even heal yet doesn't matter good it's
that fix that now
crewman your goal but I know I just made
up the crew misname even though I named
him something else it's a good question
Villa hecka wants to know if can you get
a shield with the ship or is it just
permanently have no she didn't buy one
okay okay no I did not see boyhood
because two people who I agree with some
of the time said it was a terrible movie
Oh God we're fleeing flee runaway and I
just don't care I don't care about his
movies that much where I would have that
great of an interest in seeing him what
a fucking waste I agree and so they
would be a waste of my time to see
boyhood so no I don't plan on seeing it
I try not to talk too poorly about it
because I haven't seen it but from what
I've heard it would not be my thing
rich likes Venture Brothers right really
loved it
yeah don't if they're talking about what
happened don't tell me anything I
haven't I've heard they just started the
new season okay don't don't read the
chat then someone just mentioned that
they liked the new special okay great
and that last that last jump sucked
what's my favorite Led Zeppelin song the
one where they talk about the girl and
loving the girl I like that one
I'm I don't listen to much music I don't
know much about me I mean I listen to
music a lot
I don't like know a lot about music so
don't ask me about music ask Josh about
music when we have him on again he likes
a lot of music so someone was asking
what it's like to be a dad you tell
little people what to do and sometimes
they listen almost never they almost
never lose that now you know there's
some things that wasn't it sounds
dreadful that's fine yeah yeah I enjoy
it I enjoy it if there's any little part
of you that thinks you might not enjoy
it then don't because it's tough it's
very very tough but in general I like it
there are moments that make it worth it
Led Zeppelin Lord of the Rings Robert
Plant yeah yeah Josh is a music pro he
knows a lot about music he's the music
guy now don't ask me about music I do I
have horrible taste in music and I'm
okay with that like what I like this
game oh are you having another batter on
fire in the accident room again again
what are you doing fixing it do you
think I'm doing jack what do you think
about the people who point out
Illuminati symbols and YouTube videos I
never watched one of those neither have
i good for them
I'm sure it's just as helpful as people
who point out why that blur but in a
video is an alien spaceship form YouTube
videos I'm sure both of them are equally
as accurate and output
Jack what do you think which band
started heavy-metal The Beatles or the
who I think that was the Monkees started
any metal monkeys are you doing rich
okay that's great I'm told that Pike
Beach charges that I'm not doing okay oh
why are then Teddy jacks thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
someone is asking about my favorite
haunts in betrayal at house on the hill
we've I've only done like seven or eight
of them out of the 50 you Ken D we
played a very fun one where we didn't
know who the traitor was either the game
starts off cooperatively and at some
times during the and half of the game
someone turns into a bad guy but it was
it was randomized and blindfolded and so
none of us knew who the bad guy was and
that was a really fun haunt
turd Ferguson asks why did they cancel
Firefly because they were spending more
money on it than revenue they were
gaining through app sales the answer
that no one was watching no one watched
Firefly and so they couldn't charge
enough for ants and so they weren't
making enough money and it was an
expensive show large cast special
effects amazing it's it's not it's not
rocket science that show had terrible
numbers it's a it's a great show it's a
great story and it's found its place on
Netflix but it just cost too much money
and wasn't doing well enough
Fox is a business and they have to earn
money
Jack recommend me a board game that's
not Catan well that depends
but rail betray land house on the hill
is a really fun game it's it's very akin
to a dungeon crawler where you you
layout your dungeon floor every time you
play so it's a little bit different in
the game is a little different every
time so I've been having a lot of fun
playing that over the weekend we played
a game called bang ba ng which is kind
of it's it's almost like a cowboy themed
RPG card game very fun if you've ever
played again if you've ever played
munchkin which I think we've had you
play munchkin yes
very similar to that only it's cowboy
themed where you get like different guns
and you can shoot people and there's a
sheriff it was really great what blew up
I don't know I'm gonna watch the replay
what happened I don't know I don't know
there's there's lots of oh my god what
blew up what killed the chip I have no
idea what killed the ship Chet what
killed the ship was there somebody in
the accident room too and I didn't
notice how what time is the jacket it is
11:20 so I mean if you want to call it
and we can
well--we're we need you know we're
almost caught up right on youtube we
have a couple more days and so this will
give us a couple we'll make it to
Wednesday you know it's it's do what you
want to do oh my god one more and we're
gonna do with that same fucking ship and
we're gonna fuckin do it this time I
don't give a shit are you sure yeah I'm
here I'm rubbish the same shit yes
I mean alright do it do it for
fudge-packers
these guys are dead so we need to do we
need to do a new crew we need uh not
gonna reboot you this is some 30 year
old movie franchise hold on right so
we're back
there we go all right pizza guy whoa xD
you are now crewmember slangy oh I'm
Jim's the old name that's terrible
in any case you are now crew member from
Admiral fart bar cause you asked nicely
they're saying that my Farscape talk has
ruined the whole evening I think my
first dates are disputed Jacobi spell
Admiral oh god you're asking me well
then I'll type it and I'll see if the
spell check add a G mi RA L mi okay the
dude 1944 thank you for subscribing we
very very much appreciate it here we go
damn this game the stealth ships are not
easy but I've done much much better with
ship
oh and I forgot to rename it Moya oh
well sorry
Katerina Moya failed me last time so
fuck that's true Hagen I might have
ruined everything with my fire escape
time I thought it was a nice
conversation I thought it was some good
back and forth
it was a fine conversation you were just
wrong about everything you said you mean
even when I was like citing specific
examples and yeah I know yeah absolutely
setting specific examples and pointing
out why that would lead someone to these
conclusions no I've never listened to
the serial podcast I don't have much
time to listen to podcasts anymore
sometimes if I get into a particularly
effects-heavy edit I'll have a lot of
time to listen to music or listen to
podcasts which I enjoy but lately the
things I've been editing require me to
listen to them so I can't listen to
other things like right now I'm working
on a music video so obviously I need to
listen to the music while editing it so
I can't listen to other things more
better yes Farscape was the one with
Kevin Sorbo it was it was Kevin Sorbo
Lucy Lawless and and Ian array me that
that was are you making a joke that you
were watching the wrong show the whole
time because I this is all an elaborate
setup that would have been genius and
you should just take credit for that
right now and say you love first game
jack know I know it's a here bowl of
special casing Jack you lost the
argument when you used Voyager as an
example of a good show I never said I
liked I enjoyed Voyager I accept it for
what it is like it's not my favourite
trek by far but you know who's fine I
never said that Voyager was a good show
I said that Voyager handle
the storytelling aspect of having an
overarching goal correctly every week we
knew exactly what they were doing and
they mentioned what they were doing or
they were doing what they were doing
every week they were trying to get home
and then something got in the way
something happened they handled the
storytelling element correctly I never
said that it was a good show he was if
it's a fine show I watched him I watched
it and I enjoyed it there were some
really good episodes in that and
celibate until they absolutely ruined
the board which I think we've talked
about before that was the barber ruined
in first contact babe they just they
were just running with the Borg that
first contact create boy I hate that I
hate it the line the mindless drone Borg
the Queen that's retarded retard yes
100% that is all first contacts fault
100% retarded but Voyager kept it going
and it was terrible their whole Borg
thing was there

[Part V]
I will never stop digging I will make
deficient what I cloaked and I still got
hit twice I don't know jack any advice
for some casual board games for my
family game night casual munchkin is a
nice easy game to get people going if if
you don't want to spend any money on a
board game you could always play a game
like werewolf or mafia as it's also
called where you can just use a deck of
cards and you know that's basically like
a lying board game where you all get
different characters and then everyone
like you know closes their eyes and the
bad guy opens his eyes we played a game
like that recently called the resistance
Ritchie have you ever played that where
there there's the resistance and then
there's the evil Federation and the
resistance is trying to win in the evil
Federation Federation has spies and then
the spies tried to plot against the
resistance and so everyone lowers their
head and closes their eyes and then the
two spies look up and acknowledge each
other and then without signalling that
they're despise to each other they have
to kind of work together to dismantle
the resistance and it's all basically
just lying to each other it's fun it's a
fun it's a fun little excuse that gotta
live it kids how to lie it teaches your
kids how to lie correct that seems like
a bad idea
depending on the age of your family
we've been playing with with my
six-year-old Catan Junior which is kind
of a light version of Settlers of Catan
which is very fun kind of teaches them
the basics of the trading mechanics and
very nice we've also been working on a
simplified version of attack on Tokyo or
what is that did you play that with us
today no I mean I don't remember so
guess what it doesn't matter you're so
wrong about Voyager that it hurts and
whatever listen opinions these are mine
Jack if you have a tabletop stimulator
on Steam you can play Victoria
lighthouse on the hill oh that's great
enough king of Tokyo thank you now for a
king of Tokyo there's a game called king
of Tokyo where you all were you each
player's giant monsters and you try to
take over you try to destroy all the
other monsters it's a really fun game
we've been working on kind of simplified
rules of that so I came to could play my
dorm room has no oxygen in it okay so
it's also damaged so I can't close the
doors to seal you know keep the action
yeah yeah it's gonna be a tricky repair
job I can do it okay I got a stagger
people in and out of her okay my
favorite cards against humanity' card I
don't have one because I don't like
cards against humanity' no good
that's good oh that's great thank you
for the link to the betrayal esteem game
there's also king of New York great I
think I thought this might we might have
talked about this on an on an earlier
stream I don't like apples to apples I
know and I don't like cards against
humanity' for the same reason they're
not games you know they're not actual
games I think they're they're games with
very subjective rule base and so they're
they're not consistent games and cards
against humanity' is basically a
vulgarity simulator it's it's an excuse
to stand around and say awful things to
each other and to me I don't need the
card so I can just stand around in a
group of people we can say awful things
and that's fun enough I just like so it
doesn't it doesn't make sense to me
cards against humanity' fire in my
action room
yes yeah here's another controversial
decision for Jack as I don't like cards
against humanity' I just don't
understand it cuz why not just get into
an awful vulgar conversation with your
friends and laugh about the things you
make up in your head rather than read
things that other people have made up
like you can do it yourself it's more
fun that way 125 obviously I don't have
drone control but what's tried to
recovery but what drug drug recovery are
that means uh at the end of metal you
get Thrones back you know you don't use
the bump if they weren't destroyed they
go back yeah but what good would it do
you if you don't have drone control well
I could buy one later er no no I'm sure
it's easier to find the drone control
than it is the drone recovery on but
right now I think okay yes user to 771
penises that's very good good job it's
very clever oh fuck
I'm completely cut off in the exit fuck
if this if this fails we're done for the
night I gave it three shots yeah yeah
not my night no definitely not my
fucking night I think yeah I'm very
sorry but this is not your night the
name of that lying game is called the
resistance and the basics of the game is
you know we were playing with five
people so three people were part of the
resistance and two people are spies and
so then what happens is you take turns
choosing a team and let's say I have to
choose three people who are on my team
oh I don't I don't have to meet the
fleet just barely oh that's fucking
great and so I have to choose three
people who are gonna be on my team and
then those three people anonymously
choose for the mission to fail or
succeed and if one of them is a spy they
want the mission to fail and so I need
to figure try to figure out who's a spy
and who's part of the resistance in
order to get all my missions to succeed
and so then like if a mission fails
there's a little math involved so it's
like okay I know one of those three
people
was a spy but I don't know which three
and so then the three people have to
kind of make their case and it's it's
it's a nice little fun game and you know
it's what's extra fun is when you play
with the same group a couple times you
get to know people's line patterns this
way it's really fun
they want to surrender they're offering
me six missiles
I have no missile launchers ibaka big
you think I should accept their offer
absolutely just to see what happened you
should take their missiles and then
shoot Oh excellently quit blow them up I
got I got Omo I got like a lot more
scrap oh great one fuel nope no missiles
though any missiles oh good hello Draco
you are right the resistance is more fun
than mafia because everybody plays every
round of the resistance you're
absolutely right that's more fun hi my
name is space cap you're welcome for
signing I'm Jack on your space cop
poster that's how I sign stuff I sign it
with I'm Jack he does I do he does
because I thought it's the most bizarre
thing I've ever seen I thought it was
funny and I still think it's funny so
obviously I'm wrong this is the it's a
therapy thing yes you're right what so
when you cloak I think some people are
confused about your cloaking ability it
just adds to your evasive yeah yeah
people there's still a small percentage
that they can hit you but it just helps
you evade to where it's you know almost
certain that they won't but yeah you
could
is that gonna hit another room yes I
shot first no not mafia the PIA the
playstation 2 game there's a simple card
game called mafia it's another way to
play it is where it's called werewolf
and it's just a very simple game that
you you can basically use a deck of
cards to determine how it plays you
don't need any game pieces it's like a
party game I dunno what day it is it's
Sunday you know I know that because
we're streaming that's the only reason
we know that it's the only reason I know
what day it is for streaming and I'm
streaming from home so it must be Sunday
or else I'd be at the studio
all right that's not so bad this time oh
no oh no no no nothing wrong I was just
making sure is it Monday there already
oh I suppose in in a in 22 minutes it'll
be Monday but for us it is still Sunday
its 1138 p.m. here so it is still Sunday
for us Central Standard Time
um I I have no specific whiskey
preference user2 77221
I don't drink much hard alcohol anymore
so I'm not like a whiskey connoisseur
I'm sure it's fine any sort of real
whiskey and coke is fine with me
it's 6:30 8 a.m. Monday here oh my god
cause burn go to bed or go to work or
what are you want
what are you doing absolutely getting
out of this rich Evans thank you for
subscribing I really appreciate it
rich I really appreciate you subscribing
it means so much to me that you would
care you can't you care enough to do
that you guys should advertise as
streaming four days of the week oh my
god you told Iran we are doing by the
way someone someone was asking me on
Twitter about our early European stream
next Sunday we are doing our early
European friendly stream what what time
did we agree upon again listen I think
we said it was it or one one you said
one obviously like we'll probably get to
the studio at noon to set everything up
but I think we are starting at 1 o'clock
p.m. Central Standard Time so that is a
full yes 6-7 hours before we normally
start in in honor of our European
friends we will be playing football
games and then in honor of the Superbowl
we will also be playing football games
yes
all these things much amusement will be
had by how little we know about either
sport but especially football the the
Super Bowl screen unfriendly Australian
New Zealand room I mean it our our
stream can't be more unfriendly than it
is now for anyone who's from Australia
or New Zealand I can't imagine or maybe
it is I don't know all right who wants
to be a boring old human being I mean
all of them on the ship that's totally
not going to blow up who wants it well
the pizza roll well the pizza roll what
drivers the product what do they need to
say or they just need to say I want to
be anything me somebody said me and that
was rlm reference there you go there you
go there you go all right you're gonna
be our janitor go with the janitorial
closet that's what that symbol means
little closet door
you're not janitor get the word up some
fuzzy scallywag you say scallywag in the
future of course everybody does how do
they stop saying I did some point oh you
crazy mm or not using scallywag it's all
the rage get on the trolley that one's
been done to death we don't say that
they got six scallywag 24:16 he was a
good question from the rock creations
Rick rich and Jane other than working at
red letter media do you guys have other
jobs well first of all tree recreations
this is Jack I'm here with rich I think
people are used to Jay being here Jay
usually Jays usually here for the
Wednesday streams so that's fine but we
talked about this Rich's only job is red
letter media yeah which includes things
like previously recorded I also there
you know I don't work for red letter
media at all I do my own video pretty
telling them to go home I just don't you
know
thanks to your kind subscriptions I get
a little bit of money from these live
streams and I do my own video production
work so I work full-time as a freelance
video producer and editor and then you
know help out with best of the worse
than other filming stuff for by letter
media so
this is what we got it's true
they fired yeah they fired me the same
day that I met Jay and Mike which is the
first the first time I shot with them
for the Grabowski they they had me come
in to play Frank hammer on the gravel
skis and after we were done shooting
they fired me and I just kept coming
back so I did I was a homeless man and I
wandered into Arlen one day it happened
to you too
you could also be fired by rlm yep
I just got better and I said hi I'm Jack
yep and I just don't leave that's what
happened that's exactly what happened
freelance editing ditches just editing I
don't get my money just from editing
like you know someone hands me footage
and says edit this mostly it's in
producing you know and so it's like I
have a production company with my
brother and we work for local businesses
and larger businesses creating TV
commercials web contents in house like
promotional stuff you know where someone
like a the president of a corporation
wants to make a video for them to show
to all of his employees or at functions
like that it's all very boring it's all
very very boring stuff so oh I wish it
was okay to do something stupid do you
want to do something stupid and they've
got the vulcan at the store
oh this not does not synergize well at
all with my cloaking cuz one channel one
channel take me out of cloak sure and
that thing needs to shoot a lot before
it gets up to speed ah god dammit god
dammit I never run into the cloak of the
volca never never I'm very very sorry
automated reloader that does synergize
well
two questions in a row Jack why won't
you grow that sweet beard again because
I like the the whole shaved look I think
it works for me and Jack do you like
your job yes love it love it love it
yeah you kind of have to because it
consumes a lot of your time when you
work freelance and when you work in as
competitive and industry as I work in
and I enjoy it even on jobs I don't
enjoy I enjoy it if that makes any sense
Jack the producer I also heard you made
videos for funny okay yeah Funny or Die
was a client of mine and I would make
videos for them I haven't made one for
them in a while but they've kind of gone
a different direction with more in-house
producers so and that's fine I still
have a good relationship with them cool
funny you're dying yeah I mean I still
like all those guys I see them often
whenever I'm in Los Angeles and know
many people who still work there we keep
in contact but they have they've moved
to an entirely in-house system where
before they were kind of farming stuff
out to freelancers and working more with
a wide community of producers and now
it's all I know so which is fine
sounds like Jack makes future we love
the worst videos some of them yes yeah I
mean see that's literally it's like
sometimes that's what a client is
looking for where they're like hi I have
this product and I just need to show
what this product does to new employees
so they know what our products does and
it's like okay so that's what I do it
wait wait that was an automatic reload
er what there's an automated reloader
you was looking at you were looking at
myself scream oh okay right do I travel
a lot for work yes not you know not like
I don't know what's a lot I I traveled
multiple times in a year for yes go here
go there I consult a lot spur videos
30 scrap for a random mission 90s and
that's sometimes top when I a lot of
times like I'll come in to consult on a
job where they just want me to like
punch up a script or be there to help
add comedy to it and sometimes I don't
know exactly what the project is until I
get there so it's hard to be funny but
yeah and you know go here go there
it's always fun okay we now have a
mantis remember ooh nice I'm gonna give
them to the first subscriber that does
not want to be on my ship oh so the
first person this is not me yeah okay
people haven't heard them yet there's
people were saying maybe no no the
corpse watts is noisy B and O ie I don't
know how to oh here no he just did it
first the corpse lots is not me okay
okay you know so what was that that was
corpse a lot that was the corpse a lot a
corpse of course was that cor P okay
just a sec EA l OT he was quick with the
typing that corpse a lot man the
surrender of yeah good son prepare to
secure the cargo by force shall we go
sure tails of interests Jack any words
of advice to a creative type and stuck
in a no motivation lull how do you get
yourself motivated well for me that's
how I eat and so if I don't make things
I don't eat so that that motivates me
and see rich knows you know no but
seriously
it's I have no real advice you just have
to do something even if you don't want
to even if what you think you're doing
is going to be terrible because you're
not feeling the creative juices you have
to do something anyway an object at rest
tends to remain at rest and an object in
motion tends to remain in motion you
know that is fucking physics right there
final fuck you shot that's and that's
what exactly what'll happen if you're
not motivated they'll give you that fuck
you shot you know they're all battles
sorry bitch I keep taking your game
thing and trying to make it as if you're
talking no that's fine that's my thing
that's my schtick right now I think I
think it's funny so so that's the real
thing is motive motivation is all in
your head and I have a couple projects
that I work on like writing exercises or
or editing special effects videos or
just the stuff that I do when I'm not
feeling the project I'm working on just
to keep me moving and that's that's the
hardest part is you have to keep moving
even if you think it sucks you can
always fix it later that's the one thing
the one really great piece of advice
that I found is you can always go back
and fix it just do something write
something down it's so great
inertia that's right that's bad physics
that's good physics laws of physics
equal human psyche it's really true it's
really really true
and yeah I'm all self-taught I I've
never I didn't go to school for
filmmaking I didn't take any classes I
just started learning I just started
making videos and then eventually people
gave me money to make videos which is
great oh I am storm fuck oh Jesus Christ
hate nebulas well that's right I don't
know how to pronounce your name you sure
man you can you can edit some bad work
you can't edit No the worst movie is
better than the best idea because it's
done right all right a lot of scrapping
a bomb could be worse could be worse
saying that a lot this run our night I
mean by but you're still going you are
still going and that's the real thing
and no user to 77221 I've never made
porn I did apply to be a an editor for
pornography really yeah cuz you know
freelance and so it's just like always
just try to find the next job that's
that's the name of the game and so you
know there is one particular lull where
I just didn't have any work and needed
it look something so I'm looking at I'm
checking all the the the kind of the
production message boards Craigslist's
all those spaces just like okay you know
putting out my resume to all sorts of
places because I had no work at the time
you know what I found helps huh when
your best friend makes a web video that
gets 5 million hits
and that's always a boost yeah yeah I
think that'll help that does this by the
way that really does help when when you
get when you get a success like that now
what I put in my I put in my resume to a
company who is making pornography and I
said you know sure but I'll do it I'll
I'll have to you know ended it while the
kids sleep because they you know they
can't watch oh yeah and then I was
talking back and forth of this guy and
he said you know we have we have a you
know a bunch of different we have a
bunch of different footage and it would
include man-on-man gay pornography no
and he's like is that something you'd be
comfortable with and thought about it
for a long time and I did what every
freelancer does which is sure yeah you
know which is right for money huh
again rich I really enjoy eating and
you know I absolutely said I would I
never ended up doing it they the company
went under
what would he call I know I don't
remember it was awhile ago it was awhile
ago but uh you know I that's what you do
when you when you are a freelancer you
work for yourself and you never stop
working or else you don't work anymore
but I did I said I would which you know
who knows how long I would have been
able to do it by the way where it's like
I probably would have gotten into my
first scene and just like I can't I just
can't I can't
Oh Jack Jack this edits really great but
there seems to be a lot less fucking
than we were expecting
anyway you could I don't know fix that
no yeah good good yeah death oh how I
longed for death
that's right jack is a homeless person
who has a sign that reads we'll watch
gay porn for food right it's
but I put that job on my resume if I
mean if I would have done it you know
depending on what the next resume was if
it was a resume for another pornography
company absolutely if it was a resume
for any other company I would say yeah
it sounds logical
ain't right no you know I've done a lot
of weird jobs in the in the freelance
market has rich ever done porn I was
actually given a large amount of money
not to yeah you walked into yeah I just
take this go away what you walked into
the brazzers head office started
unbuttoning your shirt oh god no no and
now like so where's that checkbook and
they started writing first might be able
to afford shields
ah see this is the thing animus primal
animus premises Jack did Mike know about
your porn past before he hired you again
I'm not a red letter media employee so I
don't know if Mike or Jay ever knew
about that maybe I'm sure I told them
that's that's just a fun story but and
it's a it's an especially fun story
because I never actually edited born it
would be different and if I was like and
then I felt weird but they gave me money
I know I'm gonna buy these shields and
then I'm gonna head to the other store
I'm gonna have something amazing I'll
let Shayna I was pretty good to that
cost too much to power them us plus I
switched gears and I take the glaive
offline for a while I go with a Pike
beam the chain
in the chain ie I can tell you Oh people
are just asking for more freelancer
stories so you know like I also you know
I wrote real quick I want to interject
somebody said red letter media sounds
like a porn company mm-hmm
we often wonder what the post office
thinks of us because we're in there all
the time just jumping off boatloads of
these packages of CDs you know I love
DVDs and our name is red letter media
and we think that the local post office
thinks we do pornography yeah yeah very
possible it's not I see people saying
red light media right if it was red
light media that's 100% a porn company
red letter media
could have been but uh what what age did
rich looses verginity you know
technically I was in a vagina on the day
I was born think about that one no no
that's not that's not a good place to
start
that's just that's not a good place to
go another freelancer story is someone
asked me to shoot a segment for a
television segment you know I'm just a
general freelancer so you know I shoot
right at it I do a little bit of
everything and so I said sure you know
do you also want me to edit in that no
we just need you to shoot shoot the
segment and hand over the footage no
problem
cameras professional-grade cameras use a
very different format of video than like
a consumer-grade camera just like if you
used something with your iPhone and so I
show up to the shoe and the town's there
and the town was like reading books to
kids and that's a lot two shooters you
know found reading books to kids you
know we might come up with a read the
books easy piece very simple shoot and
the person then you know says okay
here's a hard drive put all the footage
on the hard drive and then I'll just
meet you the next day give me seven I
was like oh great actually I bought my
laptop I can have to put it to you and
it'll take about an hour transmogrified
it's great no problem so you could do
that to give them a lot to give them the
hard drive everything's great
nice easy paycheck I then spend the next
two weeks trying to talk this person who
is producing a segment for television
how to use my footage even though this
is like standard professional codec
they're not used to it on their end and
I keep saying let me edit this for you
it'll be much easier apparently you
don't know what you're doing no no no I
just light what do I need what do I need
isn't he just
it was the most infuriating thing ever
working with that person
it's not like so yeah when you shoot
with the camera it's not just a dot MOV
file it's you know it's it's different
it's in different wrappers I was
shooting with the Panasonic camera on p2
cards it was it was a big deal and so
but they had told me they knew what they
were doing and he did not and so what
should have been a five six our shoot
turned into two weeks of phone
conferences it was terrible
mxf yep you're right that was the
Panasonic p2 mxf bullshit
it's a weird rapper it comes in like two
different files and are actually like
eight different files audio video a
thumbnail and it's all pushed together
this really awful thing and I kept
trying to be very polite with them
because you know obviously has a
freelancer you hope that one job will
lead to the next will lead to the next
yeah yeah yeah yeah turbo Jesus I've
only played smash up a couple times so I
don't have a favorite deck combo so
sorry I cannot be more help
just in general someone asked how I got
into editing I did not go to film school
I got into editing just because it was I
don't know a way to make my things
I started making I started in comedy
just doing like stand-up in comedy bits
and then eventually as the internet grew
people were filming those bits and so I
needed to film my own bits and I didn't
have anyone else around to edit them so
I started editing my bits so it goes
right and it's really just that simple
and I started editing it
I enjoyed it I'm sorry that's right I'm
sorry that can't be a more interesting
story I started eating my my cousin who
I did comedy with I as much he went to
film school and so I would hang around
with his group a lot and so we would
just start shooting stuff and they would
edit and I would kind of learn a little
bit from them and pick it up as I went
along game's great
it was super great 135 scrap has been at
the store Jack okay oh that's a good
amount of scrap oh yeah black in the
house black in the house no none of my
stand-up is posted anywhere I did my
stand-up before video can't video on
cellphones was a normal thing so luckily
none of my stand-up routines are
immortalized anywhere which is great for
me yeah flagging it up locking it up
slack up in house made up you know pizza
guy Lowell XD premiere Adobe Premiere is
becoming the standard but many major
companies still use Final Cut 7 I was
just having a conversation with a buddy
of mine who works for a trailer house
that the company that makes trailers for
movies and they still use Final Cut 7
and their editors are starting the
transition over to Premiere Pro now but
still mostly use Final Cut 7 which is
shocking
bringing it up
a little bit too really on that cloak
I'm gonna get hit with that laser beam
whatever doesn't gonna get hit and that
it's not cool
oh I'm sorry I think it through now one
one one miss the other hit my new
shields great but I'm not gonna be so
lucky with it oh oh thank God for
piloting thank God for piloting
everything good good
cinnamon do you have as if I have any
intentions I'm doing a feature film at
some point yes I would very much like to
you more on the writing and I have
written a couple and I have not written
one in a while but I I enjoy writing
scripts and I would like to eventually
make my own feature-length movie I think
that would be very fun
I like movies and I might make a good
movie but you know probably not I've
gotten so used to making Internet videos
I think it would be very difficult for
me to make a movie but that's why I want
to I want to challenge myself
I don't remember many of my stand-up
joke so I can't do any for you but it
wasn't good I was no good at it my
timing was all off what is Sony Vegas
any good I don't know I've never used
Sony Vegas so I'm very sorry
and I cannot tell you if you should
train ie I use premiere and I love it
you can more so I love that you get the
entire Adobe suite for 50 bucks a month
and I think when it starts off you get
it all for 30 bucks a month which is an
incredible price for premiere vodka
Photoshop Illustrator just everything
you could ever need the entire suite for
making for a very small price but you
know it's whatever works for you
rich gun jumper Evans what what does
that mean
where'd I jump the gun huh I don't know
I don't
apparently something would I make a
feature film starring rich Evans
absolutely why would you want to do that
because you're around acceptable answer
is accepted that's you know there are I
have um I have scripts that you know
would require a budget but sometimes you
know you just need to look around you
and say what do I have available one of
the things this rich Evans one of those
things is rich Evans who I legitimately
believe to be a good actor rich I think
you are a good actor I think you're a
better actor than you give yourself
credit for
that's it yeah I do I think you are and
so I need to think to myself like who do
I have around who can act cuz that's
always the hardest part is finding an
actor I got you and I have I have some
other people I can rely on so yes
secretly I've been filming rich for the
past 12 years
and so I have been working on an idea
that I've been starting to write stuff
down for feet that would star rich Evans
I'm not ready to talk about it yet
though as it will probably go nowhere
because a lot of times I'll just come up
with an idea and as a writing exercise
write down a couple pages just to keep
my brain fresh
mmm-hmm rich Evans is America's
Sweetheart you're right John B 8:28 says
Jack everything is possible right that's
true John be a 20 everything is possible
an object in motion tends to remain in
motion it's all you got to remember it's
all I got her over so if you just keep
doing stuff then eventually you'll do it
I ride as hard me right which is good
turbo Jesus diet wants a doctor Mario
and surgeon simulator Springs sure I do
want a place where you can sit over
there I think someone gifted it to you I
haven't I just own it
I bought it it sounded up using
octo generate an object in motion tends
to remain in motion unless an outside
force is applied but I feel like a lot
of the forces that would stop you are
not actual forces the made up forces so
you just got to give yourself another
little push forward keep pushing
when are you publishing your book of
motivational things they're not my
second I just I just take stuff and I
write it down and put it on my wall to
motivate me and then when I need
motivations I look up at my wall of
stuff that has writings on it and I say
that's right do you not do that
obviously not cause you're laughing at
me yeah sometimes it helps cues me look
I don't believe in motivation you know
you do what you do because you have to
do it that's a cruel dark grim world ah
no no because it's a cruel dark grim
world that's true it's a curled art grim
world unless you're motivated
lessons of life damn right I can't get
through their shields Jack the locker
room I don't think so
I do not have a poster of a cat on my
wall Oh rich they're saying if you
switch the order your weapons are in if
if your weapons get hit the it won't
restart the beam charge if I switch the
order well it goes from right to left so
it actually what did the glaive if I
switch they were first right
okay I think you're right yeah yeah it
hits the flag first and then the glaive
yeah
I have to flee this one I mean you know
do it you can I get some all them good
am i channeling and Rand I know that's
how you pronounce that
I'm Rand there's debate I don't know
that there sure no she did she there's
that she wrote a note to someone really
yeah
and she it's I'm I'm gonna call her and
ran because fuck that bitch you know if
she was a bit harsh
I ran was funny
where-where's like you know everyone
everyone should should do whatever they
want to do only if they're the absolute
best in their field all the time her
books are funny
I think our books are funny do you like
do you like men who are so good at what
they do they don't listen to anyone else
and they end up winning because they're
the best at everything yeah I ran that's
literally what her books are about now I
never read that lestrade I read that the
Fountainhead and I enjoyed the
Fountainhead because it was about a guy
who didn't listen to anyone else because
he was the smartest most handsome best
worker best architect ever and he always
won because he was the best at
everything ever so it's a funny book
mmm Fiero sludge boy are you dissing on
Nancy farmer cuz if you is we gonna have
words the only the only Nancy farmer
book I know is a super great book called
the ear the I in the arm and that's a
that's one of my favorite childhood
books the year the I and the arm it's
beautiful it's about it's about a group
of South African children who run away
from home and go missing and so they're
they their mud their parents hire a
supernatural detective agency man it's
great
mm-hmm but I want to Lantis clue their
crew member what are the Lantis to again
they suck oxygen out of any room they're
in Oh or 39 scrap I mean how much could
you use an extra crew member I'm not
especially much though I'm fucking take
the scrap that could be useful for a
boarding strategy but I'd want to before
I fuck around with that at least sure is
that you're thinking noise
Oh God that's a terrible thinking that
hurts no one in the chat wants the
interesting take the scrap has has
general consensus on the land has become
that they're they're terrible I mean all
right yeah I see a couple land us to see
a couple land I saw a lot of don't do it
alright we'll take the scrap sure the
chat is spoken Oh God yeah and rain came
out of extreme communism as a child so
like she she had that work ethic but she
also like God shit load of fucking drone
ships Oh Oh God
I might just power up my engines to flee
to that nearby store I'm not fucking
around with this shit
yeah hundred percent good neither Oh God
the engines aren't charging fast an
object what am I going to do the fire
missiles all your missiles and fire I
could see that I get 100% see that they
would be perfect for fire in your oxygen
room oh my god rich they're totally
right you should have got that lantus
and put them in your oxygen no time talk
talk bad talk bad getting destroyed Oh
God this might be it
oh my god
I need to get out of here quickly
damn it oh no did you time Jim it oh are
you gonna die
I'm done I'm dead it's over oh I'm so
sorry rich was it a victory but did I
did I get why isn't telling me goddamnit
I don't know
fine I've never won oh wait well this
doesn't have my other sage though this
is all weird information yeah I'm sure
I'm sure I've beaten it with that ship
on above easy you're right it's the
curse of iron Rand we started talking
about iron Rand and your ship blew off
bridge yeah yeah I don't you know what
that'll learn you Letta learn there
right there we're gonna end it with the
pleasant tones of FTL I like that I like
the pleasant tones a bit feel I got far
enough to feel good though it wasn't
like those early runs where I got
destroyed so sure that's good that's
good and you're right user 2 77221 why
do we fall down that's that's funny
will you ever stream civilization they
they have they have the last four
letters capitalized for absolutely no
reason
Sibyl is a Shah civil as a tea on yeah
basically civilization
suzay
tea all yeah yes RL I'm reference you
were an excellent janitor that ship blew
up but it blew up clean mmm spotless
spotless shiny flakes of chrome are now
scattered throughout the universe people
will pass these scraps of burnt metal
and say wow that's clean I could eat off
of that if it weren't floating in space
rich would you be willing to accept
$5,000 and I were to fly down to
Milwaukee so that you can smother me
between your thighs until I turn blue
nothing gay just an MMA style leglock
sure sure I'll do that for $5,000 how it
wasn't as long as there's nothing gay
about it I'm engaged
is this the cash up front
oh yes yes cash up front okay so there's
no guarantee on shade of blue or a
bounce of time I'm gonna be your manager
here rich and all the details I'll cut
you in for 10% perfect that perfect well
we're done we're done for the night chat
but you're right Master of Orion it's
about time I stream that game yeah I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna guarantee
next time I'll play Master of Orion but
coming soon coming soon
great we'll get some mood to in here
okay I'm down I'm 100% down was the
master of a rhyme is there a fire escape
the game yeah there is I haven't played
it no sir I mean ancient kind of game my
shirts
I'm sure it's terrible right right
we probably won't play that yeah yes I
am engaged to a woman a human woman a
human woman she was she was part of the
fucking stream last Wednesday
apparently weren't here for anyone for
anyone who who skipped out on the last
stream you did not get to meet the fianc
wha yeah she was in here she was
chatting with everybody and she was
charming and it was a lovely stream yes
so don't you want she kind of wants to
do what a good she wants no mom she
wants to play monster party that for the
for the nests yeah the NES and then I
think she wants to do bookworm
adventures what she is just she is so
she is so good to ed bookworm adventures
then people will think she's using a
cheap device sure yeah sure
ah she said well just show them my my
Hall of Fame scores no no I'm legit and
I'm like no then they'll really think
you're cheating yeah we should have her
back I agree schedule in three months
from now
now whatever back of course yeah it'll
be fun
so is there anything we need to talk
about I don't I mean before we end the
stream probably huh before we go I think
we should every advertise the weird
start time next Sunday oh okay sure yeah
you're right cuz I'm Super Bowl Sunday
mm-hmm because it it's going to be the
night of the Super Bowl and I don't
imagine we'll get that many people from
from the US here I'm not imagining most
of you guys are gonna want to watch the
Super Bowl so what we've decided to do
is we're going to do a Eurocentric
stream because hey the Europeans they
don't care about the Super Bowl and B if
we what that means we'll be starting
earlier so we might get some US viewers
to some of you might show up if we start
earlier so we're gonna start on some day
at 1:00 in the afternoon 1 p.m.
Central Standard Time for the Europeans
so they can so they can have some fun -
yes
and to give you some context in case
you're unaware of time zones normally on
Sundays we start at 8:30 p.m.
