Aug 2, 2015
Marlow Briggs and the Mask of Death
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/11877968, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnOv4XVlABA
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/11879507, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isxacsSJqeU
2:31pm: "Hack & a Half tonight at 8:30pmCDTish. Jack's playing either Arkham Asylum or something completely new. Reply to vote." (archive.vn/hduZm)
8:46pm: "Marlo Briggs!!! Now" (archive.vn/XoVMb)

[Part I]
dream midstream open stream open sea
open stream of maida that work
did that work hopefully it did because
we're here we're here we're all my god I
think something's happening
it better be happening because we are
over 12 minutes late
we are 12 minutes late and I'm very
sorry everybody I'm very sorry we're
ruining Pokemon I'm sorry for running
toki bond for for everybody that's not
sorry you know you moms in the chat
earlier oh no i'm talking about her
pokemon stream i haven't seen him in a
while now i think i think he got fed up
good luck I don't know no you've opened
my eyes as far as it comes to Pokemon
yeah
to be fair people say that it's
different when you play multiplayer so I
don't know whatever take it take it as
you will and and I have I've played I've
played and beaten almost every single
Pokemon game and I've never played the
multiplayer and since we've played I've
actually twitch plays Pokemon is still
here tread lightly rich but since since
we've been playing poker or since your
stream of Pokemon I actually have been
looking up like speedruns of Pokemon for
speedruns that's all anyone does is like
choose one starter and only use the
starter for everything and it's it's
blowing my mind that this is possible
yeah it's me it's the most obvious thing
in the world I don't know right
yeah Rich's audio would sound a little
low-res
coming through through Skype that's what
happens l Matan you want some vape juice
email me email me and I'll send you a
pizza oil flavored vape juice it might
be landing during a thunderstorm so rich
is skyping and it is fire outside sky
fire sky fire alright and I'm playing
marlow briggs and the mask of death fuck
of marlow briggs the mask of death right
this was actually one of the very first
games I was gifted after we started the
video game thing and everyone tells me
it is the it is basically a b-movie in
video game form and I'm pretty excited
to play it so I'm just gonna start
playing while we while we talk about
stuff okay I'm gonna play a normal
always playing normal first thing we can
talk about is after the directly after
the stream tonight and I'm going to try
to end at a reasonable hour
because movie Dix is watching they live
and everybody should stick around and
watch they live because because it's
maze they live and it's a wonderful
movie and in in honor of rowdy rowdy
rowdy Pioneer talking about watching
that before actually it was really weird
what they live their time watching that
during the after then bad max Tuesday oh
yeah yeah coolers daily like Thursday I
was watching old righty Piper videos on
YouTube mmm-hmm it's very very great
it's very what i was watching like ready
piper videos right before he died
talking about watched this week before
he dies oh sure sure so obviously
there's a god in spirituality and mom
that's right all that I'm tweeting yes
madam next Tuesday Tuesday everyone who
hangs up in the chat got together in the
chat on Thursday and and and watched bad
backs movies mm-hmm
I stopped by it I mean any any excuse to
watch Mad Max movies
yes this is the joy this is the joy of
movie dicks is getting together with the
chat and and watching stuff and I'm
super super excited to watch they live I
was actually just talking about that
over the weekend because there there are
some people I know who have not seen oh
my god look at the veins and this guy's
arms rich are you seeing this no I'm not
I'm watching out a delay you know this
watch look at this look ahead with a gun
talking to a girl
look look at this guy's arms oh boy
those veins are those just like muscle
definition gone wrong I I think those
are supposed to be veins okay I think
those are supposed to be veins
we're not playing rocket League I think
we can't we're gonna play rocket League
on Wednesday because there is a
split-screen multiplayer okay and so I
want to play rocket League on Wednesday
oh my god I don't I don't think they're
getting game sound is that disabled huh
can you guys help thank you they're
seeing no game audio no game sound Oh
game audio it's just not happening it's
just not happening we need some more
game audio game is totally silent oh
well it shouldn't be hold on let me let
me let me try to fix that it's gonna
look like the game froze but it didn't
everyone what is my favorite comic book
film alright now now you decided were
like pure superhero or just anything
vaguely based on a comic book cuz
there's been been plenty like like y'all
been in black technically a comic book
movie yeah many blacks have fun oh my
god never a cop what what happened i alt
tabbed out of marlow briggs to fix the
audio and we started and it restarted
the entire cutscene so we're skipping
the cutscene sorry everybody
I'll take it here and y-you just watch
it again
can you guys hear taken here can you
guys hear game audio now
I've turned up the game audio slightly
low audio still no game audio okay hold
on no just skip a check just skip it
grace give it an fucking light oh my god
what they still can't hear no audio no
no no very low still the sound barely
okay oh my god a mask just alright hold
on oh I'll fix it I'll fix it
everything's gonna be fine I'm gonna
turn up the game audio even more okay
now you should be able to hear press X
for quick attack now now the man that
was a fun comic book at a terrible movie
do you remember the mask movie yeah
something else that Jim Carrey ruined
why do people like Jim Carrey there's
not a lot of what why do people like Jim
Carrey I like Jim Carrey in general I
like Jim Carrey I hate him there there
are specifics about Jim Carrey that I
don't much care for but in general like
everything the fact that he's not funny
no he's funny he's funny and dumb and
dumber oh he's not he's funny and dumb
and Dumberer you be quiet
yes he does make funny faces
this is terrible rich this is it Jim
Carrey is the equivalent of like like a
baby laughing at like a parent who's
making googly eyes and goofy noises
that's that's that's Jim Carrey yeah
and I'm okay with that as someone who
makes goofy faces you know there's only
good Jim Carrey film was The Truman Show
yeah and what about a lot better what's
somebody other than Jim Carrey the lead
no you're crazy
Jim Carrey is the most phony person
movie the word Truman Kenan feel very
real and have the whole sitcom goofy
world around it but Jim Carrey feels
like more of a sitcom character than
anyone else the film he should have been
playing like the goofy best friend
character at that serious I'm serious
oh I'm sorry I'm trying to figure out
this man and the moon was good no Andy
Kaufman was good and maybe just hearing
about Andy Kaufman would be abusing
somebody noblemen sure I would he was
great in that movie no yeah no the movie
wasn't especially good I you know I
enjoyed it because obviously I enjoyed
Andy Kaufman but but uh no no the movie
was not especially good I'm trying to
think of why I like Jim Carrey so much
Dumb and Dumber is good that's like that
dumb dumber
and you know what there's always gonna
be a soft spot in my heart for Ace
Ventura yeah there just is that's the
second night second night a second I
grew up that got old you know what maybe
that's the thing I have not seen it
since I've been an adult I think I saw
that that that village there but since I
was always like Oh God Oh
rich this is this is a terrible game hey
you you decided to play it not me I sure
did I sure did I did not know what I was
gonna play tonight oh well you know what
here's to get off of Jim Carrey for a
moment I had a grand plan for tonight um
I had a grand plan tonight to to play a
game called the swindle and I think I we
talked about this on Wednesday which is
like a roguelike that plays like
spelunky but has an overall achievement
much like much like invisible ink or X
comma Y you know where you you have an
overarching thing and you can level up
characters Bob in the main gameplay is
much like spunky so it sounds like a
game that I would be super super into
and so I got it for the ps4 and for the
Vita you know if I wanted to get both
which is very nice and it has a game
breaking bugs to it we explain this game
breaking bugs randomly for no reason you
have to press the triangle button to do
certain things like you hacked computers
to get money right yeah and you press
try and go to like open doors and stuff
or to disable landmines right randomly
you will press the triangle button and
your character will teleport somewhere
else
in the game oh okay
Nadiya not supposed to be oh oh you in
this game by the way you press the are
stick to dodge roll and not control the
camera
so in any case so you're playing this
window all of a sudden your character
press B to execute the enemy great
teleports and like the first time it
happened it teleported me out a window
and I fell to my death the second time
it happened I was disabling a landmine I
disabled it but then it teleported me to
a different land mine that I had not yet
disabled and it blew me up and you know
because it's a game where character
stats are important and like every
mission is pretty important - I'm just
gonna say this this looks obnoxiously
mashie oh you have no idea how match it
is you have no idea how much it is
terribly terribly massive all I'm
pressing is x over and over and over
again I can press Y but I don't really
know if it does much different I'm bored
looking at it yeah oh my god but no I'm
here I'm here I'm playing it we're dead
so in any case much like XCOM if you if
you lose a character it hurts it hurts
your overall goal right you lose you
lose your money shoot down all the
choppers
god of boar oh that's exactly what this
is this except for you know I just got a
just got in a machine gun so that's
pretty great
it's alright
apparently if the helicopter is crashing
to me it's not a big deal
so in any case I was really enjoying it
I got maybe like an hour or so into this
window and I was learning Oh your
machine-gun bits just a stationary
turret fuck that fuck that yep
apparently also I'm losing at it those
helicopters gonna show up right how many
helicopters is this guy out that's
obnoxious he has a lot of helicopters
right all right I did it
congratulations me in any case this
window I went to the the message board
of the game developers and I was like
hey do you guys know about this glitch
because it's kinda making the game
unplayable for me and they said well we
didn't make the ps4 version you should
let these people know via their Twitter
and so I did and they haven't gotten
back to me which is incredibly upsetting
mm-hmm and other people have reported
the problem too and so I the last I
heard from the main developer is a fix
is a couple weeks out once on the ps4
ssin everybody be experiencing the same
problem do that you would assume that
everyone is experiencing the problem or
that's the whole point of consoles
everybody has the same hardware and
you're right right listen I don't know
what's going on exactly it's upsetting
and it's more upsetting that they are
not
they're not getting back to me mm-hmm
everyone you know I think I've talked
about that being my general pet peeve as
far as the modern day of communication
when when people don't respond
I'm enjoying playing this window in a
couple weeks cuz that's how it works I
bought the game and I have to wait a
couple weeks to play it you get to mash
X though that's something yeah so that's
that's what I did I tweeted out today I
was either gonna play something brand
new that I've never played before or
continue with Arkham Asylum right and I
asked everyone to vote for it and they
voted for news well this is what you get
for voting people is what you get look
at me I look at this guy
my god I got a duel scythe
for some reason push what cart into what
well I see the Pistons don't suppose
this card into the Pistons know what
cart
there's a cart apparently hold on
apparently I can't figure out this dumb
puzzle which you know gonna be part of
it I guess and I always figured a MASH
game but you don't be said during the
Korean War
but um oh there's a card okay there's a
card completely nowhere I was near there
was a cart this is after mash I didn't
watch after Ash was that a real zoo yeah
oh my god sure if it was real shit
yes short-lived Ivan I could only assume
how do i how do i to GI my name is
choo-choo I'm the Monster Mash and I'm
not sure if I love it or if I love it
you know oh right right you fucking liar
anyway how do i how do I know over here
I feel about righty Piper how do I feel
about I mean you know i'm i stopped
watching wrestling a while ago when i
did watch wrestling I watched rowdy
Piper rowdy roddy piper
he was the best you know he was great he
had it he had a really great bit and he
made the bagpipes work it's the best
villain of all time in wrestling
was he a villain was the ideal i think
for most of his career yes because i
stopped watching wrestling when I was
like eight years old
I don't I don't I I just can't I can't
hear anything you're saying
okay I'm just an incredulous you know as
a grown-ass man I can't care about
professional wrestling I'm very sorry
but you can't care about pokemons Touche
Touche I'm sorry that's a that's a
really good point what are these things
there's like these little glowy spiral
things my question though Jagger who
who's next who's next - what rest i
who's the next wrestler to die I mean
it's got to be Hogan right no you know
why cuz he's an asshole assholes always
seem to have better lives they should
you live a good long time who's I mean I
just have no idea who's still around I'm
I throw out some options of the chat
earlier okay the easy money in the
Deadpool is Bobby the brain Heenan okay
cuz he said cancer for like the last 10
years though he's a survivor
because he's had cancer for the last 10
years Ric Flair Ric Flair is still alive
he's alive yeah
it doesn't seem as say as he used to so
you know uh Iron Sheik Iron Sheik is
still around he's still around yes and
or or Jake the snake Roberts Oh Jake the
snake Jake the snake is gone yep yes he
was like it wasn't he all coked out back
in the day been everything he's been
important Christian he's been a coke
addict it's been a reborn again
Christian he's been fed up being
attacked eh he's run the gambit sure uh
yeah then I'm gonna I'm gonna vote for a
Jake with Nick take the snake okay
over over cancer man Bobby the brain
Heenan over cancer man Bobby the brain
like if you seen Bobby Heenan lately no
I don't care about professional
wrestling gotcha
I'm very I'm very very sorry like a
corpse for the last seven years as like
voice is gone
he used to be chubby and always like a
toothpick you know then no I still think
Jake the snake only because he's the
only other person I remember I think I
remember I remember rowdy I remember
Jake the snake and I remember Hogan
that's about it I mean rock macho man of
course but he's ever gone well yeah oh
yeah he snapped into his limp
that was the ribs Reba stereos an
outside possibility okay there could be
a suicide oh sure we haven't had a
murder-suicide wrestler a few years we
have had a murder-suicide research yes
we have who Chris Benoit murdered his
family and then himself
oh oh that's right I remember that yeah
but I mean Rey Mysterio I mean he just
murdered somebody in the ring on
accident might you sure but this is his
career might be over he could be he
could be taking the easy way out
oh maybe maybe it'll take some
schoolchildren with him and then we can
all we can all talk about concussions
and steroids for another week or two and
then video will find something else talk
about as we always do concussions are a
real deal they mess people's lives brain
cells don't grow back
this is taking some real concentration
here edge I have to shoot a piston this
is it to hurt conversation that's what
happens sometimes we get into it we get
into deep philosophical conversations
about professional wrestlers that's just
what's gonna happen well while we play
Marlowe brings why are we doing this
possibly the dumbest game I've ever
played
not the worst game I've ever played just
the dumbest I almost wish I would have
watched the cutscene just so I
understood why this guy is here with the
help I think I mean it's just so
unsatisfying you just hit the button
that a blade swirls around you 360
degrees yeah that much yeah it's
terrible
oh I just had some QuickTime events does
that help the wrestler was a good movie
no fear no Envy the wrestler was amazing
movie
is an amazing movie still amazeen oh you
haven't you should see the wrestler it's
amazing what is happening
what is happening in the camp I'm not
gonna play ex-con I'm no good at it
IDs voted for you to play a new game
they wanted me to play me game this is a
new game people want a new shit over
Batman that's true that's right we've
been playing a lot of Batman and Batman
like games but to be honest with you I'm
just in the mood to play those games
come on you know what we have something
new here we're playing Marlowe I I also
have another game if this game gets
incredibly tedious which you know we're
on our way to I do have another option
and really we're just making it to 10:30
and if we make it to 10:30 then we're
watching they lived I mean we're making
it till 10:30 and then we're stopping
the stream so we can all watch they live
together that's my plan
oh dear so what are we what do we want
to talk about Jack what's what's do
what's what is new right in the in the
chat they were mentioning minions I can
only assume as you're an adult without
any children you have not seen minions
no have you seen Despicable Me or any no
I have not and my Despicable Me is not I
mean it's not great press left pump
right
what Despicable Me is not a great movie
it's not a good movie ok it's not even
close to a good movie but it's it's
acceptable as what it is in the realm of
ok well you know cuz a lot of times in
the realm of children's movies that's
all we get we get we can only have
acceptable and that's exactly what
Despicable Me is it's like you know some
jokes are fine and it's not insulting
it's not forc to the brain unless you're
Pixar but then again do children enjoy
Pixar movies as much as adults do
children do enjoy Pixar movies as much
of it as adults do and I think you enjoy
more like they children get it and me I
don't know maybe it's it's partly to do
because like parents also like like
Pixar movies because our children like
Pixar movies because parents let them
watch it over and over again because
it's the only movie they can stand cuz
when I saw this sign I got the
impression that the kids in the theater
weren't really into it when you're
talking inside out yeah it's probably
because they were quiet and watching a
movie with quiet with reverence yeah
that's what my kids did during keep
doing everything anything with reference
yeah don't they have to be loud
obnoxious that's no no definition of
being a child's no know what like when
when a movie is good it actually holds
their attention it doesn't need to be a
constant stream of fart noises and
pop-culture references that children
don't understand yeah it's weird it's I
know I know it's very strange
this is kind of a fun I'm hanging upside
down from a helicopter yeah
and somehow controlling the rope with my
voodoo magic so that was kind of a fun
segment in which I wasn't just pressing
the axe over and over again but so we
saw minions and it was it was a horse
garbage I'm sorry it was it was worse
than you could possibly understand and
vegetable loved it they loved it the
children have no taste obviously well
yeah we know that we know that but they
loved it and and I don't even think they
liked the movie I think they just enjoy
the minion it's like the minions are
cute character right they're green
things with big eyes
they love the characters of the minions
it could have been just the minions
dancing for an hour and a half and they
would have been fine but why why is it
that movies like this and you know to
kind of wrap it around two pixels why is
it that they don't even try that's my
real question Adam Sandler print money
and he doesn't kill it's lazy green
yellow oh you're right Ed Witten and my
name is Dave they're yellow the minions
are yellow listen I don't care I don't
care about the opinions I just did
something apparently maybe you're
colorblind czars are yellow green or
whatever I don't care I think that's the
thing I just don't care oh is that why
they call them on chroma glasses do you
have you seen these on Kremlin glasses I
got some kind of name like that they let
colorblind people see color I don't know
if we talked about it on streem hey I'm
Reggie did to you once oh hey Sharon
they like colorblind people see color
yeah
there's a video on youtube of some guy
who was saying purple for the first time
uh-huh
and he's freaking out well you know
purple
I guess throw a spirit knife I think I
wasted all my spirit oh oh no you're
gonna have to match the X button then to
kill these things
I used all my blue spirit goop and now I
can't kill these things so they're no
quick quick events because the
developers don't like them or because
they were too lazy to put them in there
having QuickTime events but I had but
only only sometimes I'm not paying
enough attention to the shit
I guess I'm through that segment now i
just i'm ceremoniously left that segment
this i want to say when someone
recommend reading about this game for me
they said this was this was best of the
worst territory for games and they're
absolutely right this is a b-movie game
see and I'm just gonna be fun and a game
done in the style of a b-movie
could be a lot of fun this is just awful
no no it's it's it's generic oh my god
see like my character is like murdering
people in helicopters now I haven't
touched the controller in like a minute
half this is perfect best of the worst
game here cuz it's just passable enough
and it has just enough obvious flaws
where you can make fun of it there this
is great this is the dumbest game I
would think I've ever played like
apparently now I'm flying over the
forest I have no idea why I'm flying
over the forest
okay in the Uncharted games I mean those
are basically done as a b-movie right I
was expecting this to be something along
those lines I've done the style of movie
I can be fun no no it's not a b-movie
it's it's just a be game you know like
it's not in the style of a b-movie it's
just a bad game you can have fun with a
big game this is just a she's just cramp
well that's what B games are sometimes
this just looks like crap yeah you know
what kind of is crap it kind of is crap
can I get down there yes Chad I know
there are Evil Dead games I I plan to
play one oh right around October right
around October kind of late October and
October yeah the reasons almost almost
as if it would it might coincide with
something probably on the same day all
right okay okay
I'm no good at this game or the game is
no good or both boon Jaguar he keeps
calling me moon Jaguar
I mean Jaguar moon Jaguar that's a
retarded name it's everything about this
game it is his is is wonderfully non
this game makes no sense and I'm loving
that a little bit if there was like a
little more game to it it would be the
perfect game I mean obviously you know
in a bad game kind of game I'm beating
all these guys by only pressing X that
is a real thing that is afternoon
then is a real thing that is happening
right now
I don't know and like I don't know what
these things do or who apparently that
upgraded of thing
wait oh that's right I have a double
jump for some reason I have a double
jump right that sounds fantastic why do
I have a double jump but I don't know so
you can make those jumps right I mean
maybe you can do a useless jump attack
that's no more or less effective than
just mashing X some wicked button brahms
up in here right we're all we're all up
in this game for no reason right kernel
rich mustard I think I'll check out the
next Pixar movie I tend to check out
most of the Pixar movies then that don't
say cars and the title you know what I'm
gonna I'm gonna go ahead and defend the
first Cars movie ok but not the second
well no there's no there's no defending
the second cars because it's obvious but
the first one has a has a nice spirit to
it it's not that it's not the greatest
that's low level fix are but apparently
if I just stand by this bush and hit the
attack button I can get a wicked combo I
just got a fifty four combo by hitting a
bush that's probably bugs in there oh
I'm sure there are bugs in there it's
this is really exciting Jack I'm super
excited to play this rich I want to do
something I love to talk about a
horrible this looks okay
these guys anything we could talk we
basically have an hour to kill we
basically have an hour to kill I agree
earlier I was saying that I would take
the the worst Road Runner runner cartoon
over the best goofy cartoon agree or
disagree agreed okay um you know Goofy's
fine goofy again
goofy I'll label as acceptable but any
any Looney Tunes in which there is no
dialogue is beautiful with the beautiful
with dialogue to Jack I mean they're
fine with that like sure but that's what
duck season rabbit season the there is
something special about visual gag only
Chuck Jones everything Chuck Jones
touched turned to fuckin solid gold
except for maybe some of those later
speedy Gonzalez shorts right right
before you know we're brothers folded
kind of the animation studio other than
that everything a man touched 24 karat
solid gold you know I I'm not that
well-versed so I can't make that kind of
bold statement but I'll go ahead and
agree with you I will kind of uh I'll
half agree with you in that I don't know
any better
but you know I'm just thinking of like
the what's the one with the Frog where
like the Frog say from yeah one
something evening a one sunny evening no
can't be right and the Frog sings but
then the guy is lucky evening I think he
won't sing for anyone else when the guy
beautiful see this is this is where the
game gets exciting because I have to
both press X and dodge these pillar
things so that's pretty exciting you
know what it is rich it's something you
say so it's if you I have to take your
word for it that o that short won an
Oscar froggy evening the Frog evening
yeah that's not that's not a surprise at
all
that's I'm poor surprise well I guess
I'm just surprised that they had Oscars
for animated shorts at the time I didn't
know if that was a new thing about
what's opera doc what's opera doc him I
think I think a lot of people shit on on
roadrunner just because it was kind of
the same gag over and over again it's
the same gag but it's it's still
different every time and it's it's how
the anvil falls on his head not the fact
that an anvil falls on his head Jack
oh no no I'm agreeing with you i'ma grab
a set first of all settle down I have to
defend the roadrunner and coyote maybe I
can make fatal thing ever was the
roadrunner and coyote
from from our sympathies for poor why
leads the Acme corporation hmm I just
want to see him eat that fucking verb
you do you do just want to see me the
bird thanks for whoever linked us to
that every frame of painting oh yes do
you stop to watch that too huh yeah oh
of course
yeah that's right before I shut down my
computer to move it I watched that fun
little thing fun little thing not as
informative as I would have liked but
you know like really just linked me to
those Chuck Jones interviews I like hear
a little bit about him simplifying the
character face reactions sweet rich oh
thank you mr. Schine smile for doing
that good now you know use orange okay
some of the chances Ritzer richest
rooting for the quite coyote question
mark you know somewhere there was like a
a series Bible written by Chuck Jones
for the Roadrunner shorts
we've got ended up on the internet and I
read it and by design you're supposed to
root for the coyote
it's very intentional that we're
supposed to sympathize wily coyote hmm
it's not a usual you know I want to say
like in the every frame of painting they
they kind of emphasize that you know
like his core characteristic the cat the
coyote yeah the Coyotes core
characteristic was that he was just
hungry and we were supposed to empathize
with that basic hunger instinct it was
based on like a mangy coyote that he saw
just wandering all it they felt bad for
just look hungry it's starving yeah I
guess the only thing is I think as as
the series went on I think that his
hunger was less and less prominent and
maybe and so like just him being like an
evil like especially when he started
talking in the much much later ones that
wasn't the worst I think he only talked
in the ones where he actually fought
Bugs Bunny instead did like it did like
to where it was like a joke and it was
Bugs Bunny in place of the roadrunner
and if you're gonna if you're gonna do
Bugs Bunny the coyote kind of has to
talk yeah the exact same thing sure that
doesn't work with bugs
and actually like those shorts so oh
yeah I wasn't I wasn't speaking
negatively of it and I was just saying
that he's less sympathetic and the ones
where he talks
oh yeah when one bugs is in there though
I mean that's you can't you know bugs
has to be the hero but the sympathy
switches in that scenario
oh we're starting the combos now rich
what yeah the press two buttons I have
to press a button that's not X oh my god
yeah and I don't quite know how to
handle it I'm a little scared a little
nervous but I think we're gonna make it
through just fine
fighting bugs
oh I see I see what's happening I think
what's happening you should hate this
kind of combat it's it's incredibly
repetitive and you got to stop talking
about because we're just gonna say we
hate it over and over again and that
makes for a terrible stream dead serious
it's not talking about roadrunner and
coyote no talk about Roadrunner coyote
do it
I'm with you
I don't know like oh crap oh I found a
secret by accident I don't know I'm
trying to think if like if like my kids
know who Bugs Bunny is shame that they
don't you know it's just not part of it
it's not part of their world I don't I
mean we did see what did we see Space
Jam recently came to Amazon Prime
streaming and they saw the cover of
Space Jam and they were very confused
cuz we don't watch sports and they don't
know who Bugs Bunny is and so they're
just like what is happening in this why
are those shorts not on television or
streaming I don't I don't get it
I also don't get it those are great
shorts
why can I not shoot my knight still
still some of the best animation you can
find yeah or in half a century later I
agree those are those are great choice
make it happen someone who works at
wonder brothers and watches this dream
oh that's no one is I got rich
there's no I got I'm hip deep in marlow
briggs a check then they may have
hundreds of them on DVD but that doesn't
change the fact of work if kitten
selling all the DVDs were they seeing
they're not on TV anymore used to be
able to watch Looney Tunes shorts on
Saturday morning I mean my entire
childhood they were still rerunning so
don't want school lately it didn't how
many time I had seen any other shorts
either I would so watch them sure it's
too good
hey you know kids don't watch TV anymore
and there's just too many options now
there's too many other cartoons we can't
we can't worry about no Bugs Bunny we
gotta we gotta watch other cartoons
nonsense nonsense there's just a ton of
cartoons there's nothing there's a whole
channel dedicated to cartoons
it's called any of them Looney Tunes
maybe one is who knows but what really
kids don't watch TV anymore the first
time my children saw a commercial they
were confused and scared you know cause
it's all it's all screaming it's all
streaming in people yes and so they're
just like why is this not the show well
why do they stop the show to talk about
the not show huh so we need we need
Warner Brothers we need looney tunes on
streaming is what we need
boomerang they're saying there's a
boomerang Network link up that that
shows the classic okay boomerang that's
on TV there is a there's an evil German
bad guy and I kind of love that this is
thought thought that someday Bugs Bunny
will be forgotten entity is just it's
just sad you know we gotta move forward
rich you gotta you gotta move forward
we're not moving forward moving away
look funny check listen I know
bugs is great but you know that we also
need to we need to make room for the new
art we need to make room for the next
low for the the next gen of great
children's cartoons that will inspire
the next generation okay jack yeah if
you say so
hi this is me saying so
get out of here

[Part II]
