May 24, 2015
Police Quest
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/6272444, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2SiNHMSsFk
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/627273, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jax0MAwdL9c
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/6273320, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=176_PRmYP2E
7:11pm: "More POLICEing QUESTs. NOW!!!" (archive.vn/i6gyj)

[Part I]
Paula now the kids call it streaming
yeah yeah that's we're totally hip with
the lingo and we're streaming up a storm
over here
sweet sweet balls yo I'm I'm sorry did
you say sweet balls hippety damn that's
that's not oh do you have the subscribe
everything up uh yeah did you connect
yeah we are connected great that's great
everything is everything is functional
oh my lord everything is functional and
game yeah game there's a game it's true
we're gaming playing that C's that's
taking pictures of things that's my
email photographer that's my email
telling me that uh we are indeed
streaming which is always appreciated so
we're back to police quest and where we
last left off there was a chicken on a
man's desk and we're I'm sure if this is
just the comic relief or if there's
something we have to do with this
chicken uh yeah okay and I'm hearing us
too and hold on I just want to make sure
that we sound okay quick audio test
Wow we're here come on we were working
on audio earlier and it turns out the
recent problems we've been having with
audio computer yeah has come from some
virtual audio cables that we downloaded
to fix the audio problem on my computer
and the second I deleted that because it
was useless and in my way everything
started working the echos all went away
it's really true we uh I came in a
little extra early today like also it's
Sunday and I came in again just because
I was I was gone on Wednesday but we
came in oh I'm hearing us now finally
the commercials over
I'm gonna make sure I'm muted on me oh
yeah that's a web word of my web going
yeah okay we sound great so we
downloaded these virtual audio cables in
order to fix something we tried to fix
something but in the process we created
this echo thing which we've apparently
fixed we've we and we've we finally
switched to mumble which sounds great
mm-hmm we can have our own special
mumble place and everything we are right
now they probably heard you say that
you're about to peace I don't know we
might be having some streaming issues
we're having some straightening issues I
don't know like it takes it's taking a
while for my stream to hog but that's
fine
I I have it opened down oh great so then
everything's fine
I'm not moving around for all I know
it's frozen sure but we downloaded these
virtual audio cables to fix a problem
and it created another problem and then
we did weren't sure where we got the
other problem from but hopefully it's
all fixed now and everything's fine
until the next problem right so yes we
we have mumble now which sounds
significantly better than Skype it
almost sounds like you know like in
Skype it always sounded like someone was
calling in on their phone but mumble
it's almost as if the other person
right there are you paid are you paid no
no I'm not but I'm just saying the audio
quality is noticeable volume is low our
volume is there just somebody on the
chat saying volume is low try turning
your volume up you could also try
turning your volume up that's that's the
thing you could do hold on I have a pair
of earphones right here and I can hear
us oh but I'm having loading issues mine
isn't loading refresh refresh your
screen you're gonna die we have a TV
with the game on it you could see what's
going well I know I want to hear us okay
okay because for anyone who's
complaining about our audio issues no it
sounds it sounds perfect you need to
turn yourself up if you're not you can
hear it now pizza train who is a
subscriber since as volume is that max
just turn it up a bit
mine sounds great but yeah rich if you
want to just turn it up a little bit
nervy yes those are the problems
inevitably start gonna do it I don't
agree with it right I don't agree with
it okay but I just just he did he just
clicked it it's a mouse slightly louder
congratulations
okay god mooting indeed good morning
everyone
okay now
acts but Charlie's one what arm the guy
with the guitar what DRO oh I didn't see
that twist the bits all right let me get
my notebook open so we can go police
training okay I have all my notes we're
gonna let's go policing we are okay what
do we do about this chicken oh my god
this I have no idea I have no idea I
don't remember how that chicken got on
the desk okay wait I think it's some
kind of prank
Sonia that's awesome we're sunny that's
right that's right okay so someone
pranked the chief and put a chicken on
his desk honey if I find out that you
are that didn't concern worthless
gremlin I'll hang you out to dry
oh that's pretty good
well fuck can can we pick up the chicken
get chicken okay we'll try to get
chicken get
get chicken good chicken now you don't
want to do that dirt either a clean
uniform by picking up a chicken that
just relieves yourself all over sergeant
Dooley's desk Oh what's in our inventory
car keys briefcase a pen a copy of the
newspaper oh there we go handcuffs a
radio extender a notebook ticket book
and then loaded revolver I mean we
should obviously shoot the chicken but I
think no not really
now please review proper gun handling
procedures and your LPD policeman's
indoctrination guy I forgot I need to
get out all my guys and stuff so we
obviously put the newspaper down on the
desk look at desk keeps his desk neat
and orderly use newspaper yeah how can
you do that put newspaper on desk
where's that - I think we should look
for clues
see if we can figure out who put the
chicken here right this could just be a
joke this could just be haha my comic
relief oh sure
search desk
talk to Dooley yeah Dooley shouts I
swear that if I ever catch that gremlin
whoever he is I'm gonna make hamburger
out of him Rahman damn it rich just
knocked the mouse because I was I got in
Iceland also Moe p85 thank you before
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we very much do okay so he
keeps calling I'm a gremlin we're gonna
come back to this okay
I mean okay that's fine I like there's
someone in the chat asking about ask
about gremlin did that we choke the
chicken that's pretty funny
what's a gremlin well this is the word
you've been saying over and over again
come on chief come on chief okay
that's fine my trip my trip was really
great my trip was really great I enjoy
traveling I've done a little too much of
it this month in the past month but I do
enjoy traveling mostly because of the
wonderful food I get to eat I convinced
everyone to go get ramen with me which
is one of my very favorite foods when
you get it at a restaurant ramen nice
the good ramen not like you know 10-cent
ramen noodles yeah there's this really
great ramen place in Silver Lake
California called Silver Lake ramen and
and it's super fantastic ramen and we
all had a great time you know it was
good like I had to convince people to go
get ramen because everyone has this idea
about ramen like it's this it is this
awful thing but I convinced him to get
there and then the entirety of the meal
everyone was in utter silence eating and
that's how you know it's good just just
oh it's you know it's like super it's
one of the best things evian yeah thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
nine months in a row and also dick the
bday boy thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated and made new spoo
thank you for thing you did with
subscription join appreciate yes
much a pre-set a month and i was one
more ok I'll Jam drock's
42 thank you for soups for subscribing
very much appreciate so much like that
we enjoy to be alright okay
okay that's true the Zaius everyone does
love ramen but they don't know it yet
because everyone has this idea that
ramen is a bad food and there's only one
good ramen place in Milwaukee and it's
way up on the north side so when you're
when you're out in a bigger city you get
some ramen okay all right hey Sonny yeah
you're off-duty aren't you some of us
are going by the blue room to throw Jack
a little surprise party after you change
clothes why don't you stop by the Blue
Room yes okay the Blue Room so they're
going to a gay bar is that the gay bar
yeah the dancer we hired for Jack's
party is something else yeah I asked
about chicken a man worried about that
chicken damn it
okay should we ask about that promotion
whose promotion the promotion we talk to
that lady about earlier we're getting a
promotion yeah we left off right before
the chicken I don't remember this was a
week ago rich this is a four Jack what
okay yesterday we filled out the memo we
put the number one the thing then the
Baskin did we yes oh I haven't I don't
even remember that these are all things
that happen I was gonna be in narcotics
oh that's right okay that I do remember
that yes I have I've drunk many beers
since last Sunday unfortunately there
are no beers at the studio today some
inconsiderate people drank all the beers
what's up it was mostly me but and
forgot to refill them okay let's see
here Sonny I am extremely busy right now
how can you do that I guess we'll hear
more about that promotion later I guess
our next objective should be to go to
the Blue Room don't we need only one of
they have we asked everyone about the
chicken I don't think anybody else cares
about the chicken okay for all I know
this is comic relief I don't know what
do you want to wear we're doing we're in
this together what do you wanna do about
this chicken problem do you want to go
back in that guy's office and ask him
about the chicken no that didn't seem to
work did you ask the lady about the
chicken they did not ask lady we're
gonna have a tea but that's the lady
brought the chicken before we leave hey
uh hey lady know nothing about no
chicken make sure I have I have my map
but ready to go how can how can you do
that huh she says how can you do that
then she asked us if we're lost I don't
think she likes us very much that lady
doesn't know it's good for she gonna end
up being deal of interest no probably
not
no like much like
was this was the spa demon thing we saw
where that like asshole cop was the love
interest by default that spa oh yeah
yeah yeah that was not the one with the
default love interest oh no that wasn't
death spa that was ninja 3 ninja 3 the
assassination yeah yeah alright so we
have to change clothes okay change
clothes also yes we you know we won't do
much spoilers but go see Mad Max I saw
it last night finally what do you think
it's great what do you think it's great
I saw it on date night my wife was
unsure that she wanted to see it and all
of a sudden one day I get home and she
had finally watched the trailer for it
and she goes we're going to see that
this weekend she's a she's a big fan she
had never seen any of the previous Mad
Max movies I'm trying to talk Karen into
saying it so I can see it again yeah
yeah oh yeah I mean it's great it's a
it's a great movie I was super excited
to see it it's so we're naked by the way
yeah it was so refreshing to see a movie
not try to do their whole realistic
stick that's what I kept expecting I
expected them to Nolan fuck it up where
they were trying to like make things all
like gritty and realistic it's just
great I think that's enough you suppose
we have to wait a while because you've
showered enough you soap did you soap up
did you lather use soap so what's this
see exactly I know they know
scrubbed yes you should have typed in
scrubbed genitals that would have been
great
OOP
hey Elvis no he did not
what movie ate my soul I don't think any
movie I mean many movies have eaten bits
and pieces of my soul the amazing
spider-man ate a bit of my soul
Theodore Rex was a special one I agree
that was a special one this muted now it
is demon souls is happening we want to
finish a police quest first though maybe
after we finished police quest next time
we do a group stream maybe we'll do
demon soul maybe there's too many you
know we need we I have like an
unofficial list of games that people
have asked us to play we need an
official like written down list so we
can check them off whenever we play them
I'm gonna play what I want play yeah
nice dream list or not alright nobody
want to tell me about this chicken is it
do you have to say something else like
instead of ask not sure chicken just say
chicken
talk to me yes I will watch the new
Supergirl TV show chicken hey Sonny you
sure mr. Goodwin while you was well you
were off on duty says RJ Jefferson
lettin PD custodian someone filled a
pair of patios full of cotton balls and
crammed them into Sergeant Dooley's
pigeonhole so there's a prankster
sunny my man you keeping the fat boy off
your back asks Jefferson I sure felt
sorry for Jack yesterday old Dooley was
really reaming him about his lo
activities we have a suspect no we have
a suspect say Sonny hey Sonny says RJ
better keep your eye on that female
officer she was eyeballing you the other
day
like a rat looking at a piece of cheese
ma same uh same I say if it is not Sonny
big man bonds how about my favorite cop
you should have been with me last night
I had such a good time I'd come back to
work just to get some rest on support Oh
Chuck wiseacre
okay so Jefferson Jack for the chicken
problem Jefferson is a suspect that's
the no that's the general Oh jack is
this a jack is low-performance suspect
oh and we're gonna go see him right I
think so I'm gonna ask about Jack oh we
get rid of chicken oh how interesting
the second that's gone okay
how fascinating
the Supergirl TV show everyone wants to
know my opinion because of my love of
course it looks fine it looks it's it's
exactly like I'm imagine in your head
rich a super girl TV show made for CBS
well it's exactly rappelled
it's it's it looks like a little it
looks like Supergirl meets Ugly Betty I
don't know if you know we are like The
Devil Wears Prada
where were you know she's an
underappreciated assistant at a big
highfalutin business right but she's
also Supergirl so it's I'm sure it's
gonna be fine I like the look of her it
seems to have is it have a bit of a
comedy tone a lighter tone yeah exactly
the new girl with superpowers that's
exactly what it is so sure you'll be
fine
I will watch it because Jack's pigeon
hole holds seven birthday cards you
don't need it you don't need it look at
ya
mm-hmm it's the anything special okay
stop fucking around with his birthday
cards
those are his birthday cards I want you
they might they might hold the key to
the chicken mystery check one of those
cards sit here I got you chicken for
your birthday
sure sure you're right hey have your I'm
thinking like a policeman no one's above
the law jackets true that's true
just cuz just cuz he's another cop don't
mean anything
what okay Russ the keeper of the
evidence Locker says that hey honey I
haven't seen anything new with your name
on it lately hey sorry honey I haven't
seen anything with your name on it just
rapidly yes you have super progeria it's
two years old
so I'm gonna save before I Drive my
Corvette is it good bad things happen my
drive
Jaka shoes no I I'm sure it will be fine
it will be acceptable it will be it will
be what a super girl TV show on CBS will
be it should meet your expectations as I
guess what I'm saying and it might be
fun maybe it was last time a network a
big major one of the major networks did
schlock what's it good what's in it like
Hercules the television series that
wasn't that wasn't like you know
syndication oh sure or there are
networks capable of doing schlock don't
they want like ultra realistic drama or
sitcom comedy well that's the thing
about the Supergirl shows it looks like
it's a little more lighthearted
okay and so that's that's what makes me
a little like why can I leave there's
something we have to do
oh I'm assuming there's something we
have to do I mean go where we're trapped
in this room oh we don't want that bulge
in our pants rich reality TV might be
100 percent schlock but it's not like
superhero action-adventure tried the
days of Knight Rider are long gone yeah
nc 73 no this is not by the same people
who made don't shit your pants don't be
silly this is a very old game Jay's
manhole wants to know whether or not
avocados are a great food or the
greatest food and the answer is both
avocados are green they're great the
green rich there are procedures they are
sticklers they are are sticklers yep get
it together
avocados are wonderful and brilliant and
I love them and everyone should eat
avocados all the time
yeah they rebooted night writer but it
lasted what one season
oh no I mean seven episodes lasted all
of two seconds
what's it like being old you know it's
fine well sucks well it's not oh it's
fine
you you know you know what it's like
being old you just constantly feel that
clock ticking no the older you get the
worse it is I don't it's it's great
hopefully it makes you a little calmer
and a little I remember when I was in
like grade school and I thought man I'm
gonna be so old once the year 2000 rolls
around I can't believe how old I'll be
when that happens model unfortunately I
got a whole long time you know before
that happened it's almost it's almost
like forever but it isn't it isn't
forever it catches up with you
eventually yeah
and when you when you when you hit that
point when you were you were like a kid
you thought wow 30 seems so far away and
then you're 38 and that's like oh my god
I'm gonna die any minute any minute now
any minute now you could but you could
die at any minute any there's there's
there's far more space behind me then
there isn't front of me no not if you're
doing it right Wow Wow rich guy start
doing it right beat more veggies eat
more veggies you live forever four
ounces of spinach a day means that
you'll never die that's how it works no
it's you know where's the blue room jack
oh I oh I have my map I think it's up
wait where's the police station
there's the jail I don't know where the
police station is hold on searching for
police station where's the goddamn
please stay oh there it is
take a right durka durka right at the
park go down down go down
whoa that was a near miss that's a park
yeah sure I don't know okay that's fine
and then the Blue Room where are you
I don't know I'm somewhere where's the
Blue Room oh it's one over to the you're
to the right okay
I'm driving very college there oh that's
a recliner I don't have well I can't I
can't run the red light oh sure but it's
it's with the oh yeah okay I'm assuming
it's the area with the spot I can park
yes that's exactly that is blue yes
conveniently enough yes rich how do you
not fear death why I do fear death
there's just nothing I can do about it
that's true that's true death is it's
it's what we like to call inevitable
yeah that's not it's weird it's weird
oh you crashed yeah crashed I know
that's not how you read maps but it's
weird because like the map is weird on
this I know I should say like north and
south and all that bullshit but so I had
right yeah I lost the police station
again I'm terrible at this
then I going up I don't I can't oh there
is yeah it should be oh yeah yeah you
got it you know what's up Oh God yeah
yeah what's my car the Blue Room is the
local police officers watering hole it
is owned and operated by retired traffic
officer big Bobby Lopez who have you had
some good times over the years here some
good times here over the years
good move your wallet is on the same
nice good wallet okay we're gonna go
rich I'd had five you but you're too far
away
hahaha mental high-five hold on hold on
there we go that's a great average five
yourself I did we have to do this at the
same time now do what three two one go
did we just like cyber high-five opening
door it's the future rich you see your
friend Jack seated alone at a table
there is a jukebox against the wall to
the left you know what let's have some
music before you talk to Jack you select
an old instrument of classic my nostril
slams shut when you breathe
mmm feel the rhythm oh he wants me to
sit on the left of him
jack is very particular yes
Jack speaks boy what a depressing day
I've had today Sonny that's her Jack
well you should do jack Jack speaks in a
very depressed voice Oh Sonny I've just
discovered my daughter is doing drugs oh
it's really screwed me up I don't know
that I could say I like that say you did
it I did it my daughter she's on the
drugs I know she's getting them at
school but I just can't finger the punk
who's supplying my life is going to crap
I can't talk to my daughter
she won't listen to me anymore my
drinking has my marriage on the rocks
my wife's ready to leave me everything's
I got somebody else you're something
else
hey Keith you say how's it going not
good sorry he replies
oh oh oh oh oh that's that's a close
approximation of having a birthday and
what if they had to pay for that oh hey
I love this
coochie-coochie henna a dancer from the
local Renta gag business enters the room
dressed in a grass skirt and balloons
oh yeah Hannah shake them for pixel's
look at they gave her an ass crack too
which is great
oh no now what you say it's time to
stand up and face the music Jack Jack
Jack it's time to stand up and face the
music
like wow I don't care it all about my
daughter being on drugs anymore I've got
a boner now that's it is in my face in
her Oh seductive voice hoochie-coochie
Hannah whispers here's a little
something so you'll have a happy
birthday jack baby how depressing is
that little sexy grass skirt lady
depressing at all I love her he says
well Jake yo gadget what do you think I
ho chí coochie Hannah hey you know I'm
Keith Jack answers I think I'll ask
Santa to put her under my tree this year
forgot all about his daughter sexed it
all away who's done drugs what now Keith
pipes up I keep I forgot me Heath
whatever oh my gosh honey did you forget
we swapped shifts last week you do at
the station for a swing shift briefing
in 15 minutes
oh Jesus
oh wait what is he talking to us what is
he talking to Jack it's a nice oh shit
I'm gonna ask about the chicken anyway
your I took the birthday boy this plot
is pretty complicated talk to Jack okay
hello oh this is a great conversation
this is the Blue Room a popular lounge
for cups behind the bar stands the owner
tired
LPD officer Bobby Lopez you probably
talk to Bobby
okay Bobby might know the dirt on the
street about the Death Angel yeah we
were told believe so now let's see it be
like what's you better get moving boy
you better get moving boy that's better
what'll it be just talk to him talk talk
tomorrow what wasn't it Bobby
yeah big Bobby big Bobby how you doing
Sonny what can I get you good coffee
nope nope all right bye
if you change your mind your salad it
doesn't keep pipes up oh oh my gosh oh
my gosh unnie did you forget oh yes same
thing yeah
you better get with the wrong button I
had a Ron puppet I was trying to save
and I had the repeat thing you said
button oh okay
alright let's go get drunk before shifts
no we can't do that that would not be
appropriate we are police officers okay
open door get in inter car close door
yeah drive car do it to like drive that
drive that fucking car drop wallet well
I take it with me
yeah I'll take it with me fuck it you
didn't have your wallet with you yeah
wow I didn't have to pay for that bail
at all the hill that was sweet that
dinner you didn't have I guess he didn't
eat he just showed up and then other
people they had cake and now he's gotta
go yeah he's gone now ha sucks sucks to
be Sonny you know he's a working man
you're doing his he's doing his business
where are you going back to the police
station then it down maybe blue room oh
yeah it's over and down
Oh God Oh God oh crap
whoa did it nice that's the most
unnerving part is the the gay Mia start
of the game is the most unnerving part
yes yeah we do not plan on reviewing
Witcher 3 mostly just because we won't
have time we don't have time for another
long one right now next we're doing kind
of like update yeah thing we're gonna do
we're gonna be a broken age that's the
next one and I'm almost done with that
edit then then we're gonna do a early
access catch-up slash DLC catch-up game
and I haven't even started replaying
those games yet so there's there's a lot
of work I can do yeah but we're gonna do
invisible ink
dancer dancer and hand of fate
add some DLC updates and we'll talk
about the blood-borne do you guys know
all that I imagine by then it'll be
Batman time oh yeah probably probably
right can you believe that Morris fugly
I hit all the soap and he's still in
there showering I wonder if his wife
goes down to the river to bathe that guy
seems like a smart aleck that's his
character he seems like like a kind of a
prankster yeah I know exactly what
you're saying
yeah they're really sticklers for this
regulation business I mean I just took a
goddamn shower well that's when you were
leaving and now you're gonna but it
wasn't much more than 15 minutes ago
that doesn't matter
boy you can sure tell there's a full
moon out you should see the nut i
arrested last night for being under the
influence of drugs oh we should see what
does superstitious jokes I mean or maybe
he's talking about his butt that you can
see right now the dude was so wired
he was nude breakdancing on loose gravel
his back
like Rami yeah oh my god you sure what
would you do with it there's only so
many things you can do with a shower
there's really limited limited thanks I
wanna say there's only one thing you can
do with the showers which is take a
shower but it's fine that's fine you
have more options if you're a lady sure
Yoshi what that's true that's funny
yo Shea says he doesn't understand this
version of dead rising at all I was
pretty funny I like the Dead Rising and
I'm probably gonna end up playing more
of it on Street how did you did that
when I on Wednesday you did Dead Rising
- yeah I did a lot of that not a hero
game sure sure and that looked fun it's
okay yeah it's okay it looked fun yeah I
was just I was in and out let's talk to
these guys yeah I am going to write a
memo about this hot water situation the
place never has enough hot water I for
one think we should be able to take
longer more comfortable showers okay
what do you have to say sorry I heard a
rumor that Sweet Cheeks Marie has the
hots for you you better watch your step
cuz those hookers will put their hooks
in you before you know it look Clark
speaking of girls like hoochie coochie
Hannah sure is one spicy dancer she
drove the guys completely crazy man I'll
tell you this much that nobody is going
to complain about the feminist themes in
these questions absolutely nobody you
don't think there's gonna be a
controversy about strong female you
oh I'm sorry a hunchback Jack that you
didn't get the email I got the email
that that we started streaming its
twitches weird about that sometimes
welcome to the stream and in the case
boys duly remind you they had punched
well the briefings might keep some of
those corrective memos out of your
pigeonhole blonds I'll find your seat
I'm sorry oh my god I'm sorry I heard
about that honey you stopped last night
who tried to negotiate her way out of a
ticket by exposing the upper parts of
her anatomy it's true it's all true
let's get feminist themes
strong strong female cast here sorry to
do Lisa's Medan we've received
information from the from the day
sergeant concerning a missing persons
report filed earlier this morning oh my
god okay yeah it seems that a Mexican
male Jack write this down in your notes
going up it seems that ain't Mexican
male physical description of 5/8 145 lbs
this is lbs what's that braids labels
145 black hair brown eyes by the name of
Jose Martinez my name is Josie Martinez
last seen by his wife two days ago
getting into a late-model
light blue Cadillac oh excuse me we've
been looking for a blue Cadillac why was
it just stolen I don't recall Lonny west
I think that's from something different
that wasn't that oh no we don't you
haven't been writing white what these
names were important for late oh no that
was
one that had crashed into the car
remember remember the car that crashed
yeah oh it was the one that shot that
how do we know he was the one that shot
well we know that the blue Cadillac was
the one that shot at the other car okay
and how do I know why he was associated
with that blue cat you told me to write
down the name okay I know what a seeder
heard from Martinez since this person
has some previous arrests involving
narcotic sales says Dooley hello
concluding the briefing be advised that
the this black Cadillac may be one of
the same as the one involved in the
recent murder of Lonnie West hello there
we go okay that was a gunshot then yeah
okay we have a partial license plate
number of l9 strict for they're all
connecting the pieces are all coming
deliver em proceeded to give everyone
their beat assignments for the day
concluding with yours Sonny Bonds your
call number will be 83 32 does I think
the same as it was before
great yes safe out there boys and girls
great we're keeping it we're giving it
say even a real keep it real keeping it
real yeah also someone who's reminding
me in Chad
there was a little Batman Arkham night
behind the scenes like talking to the
developers and something I know I was
really excited to hear and I know you'll
be really excited to hear too apparently
they came up with the design for the
Batmobile first and decided to design
Batman's suit after the Batmobile which
means that the gameplay will most
certainly revolve around the battle yeah
yeah I've heard the batma suit is
metallic so it can integrate in with the
Batmobile for things yeah so that means
we're gonna get a lot of Batmobile it
sounds like it'll be a great Mad Max
game put it in the desert we're good to
go based on the footage I've seen from
combat the Mad Max game it looks like
that
a great Batman game so we're basically
living in bizarro world we need some
mods to put a Batman suit on Mad Max to
put the Batmobile in the desert get out
in modders okay good so now we know that
the person who killed the guy in the
light blue late-model caddie possibly
Jose Martinez a Mexican male he's pretty
short short and little oh yeah yeah
maybe go to the cell rooms and take a
look at that let's talk to that drug
user daddy they picked up isn't there
are there holding cells here Oh mom's
Dooley girls aren't you assign enough
work to do go on get out of here moron
more radical oh you're right John Kela
apparently also in the new Arkham Knight
game you can make other characters bleed
I'm so worried that game was just gonna
be terrible I mean you know what the bad
boy bill does it drives Batman where he
needs to go mhm
Batman should never emphasize car combat
that's ridiculous
it is the Batmobile if you want to see
the Batmobile in a Batman game right
guess what
it's an Arkham Asylum it drives him to
the asylum that's what the Batmobile
does yes it should not do anything more
okay those are all right now we're ready
to do it
get back on that beat is that guy still
in the can
yeah why is in the shower still no look
in the end oh yeah he's been in there
all game it's probably a joke I don't
know what he want me to do was he dead
do you think he's dead this is what I'm
saying doc document loved to visit with
you Sonny
but there just isn't enough room in here
for the both he's not dead that's fine I
just want to make sure he's not like
it's just really constipated what if
that was like a an optional side mission
or is like who can who can just see if
this guy's dead don't worry about it
it's all good it's beautiful that's
filmmaking after-effects so so people
people don't know okay are you coming in
there okay all right you know what
that's fine Jane
alright ok so wait now where we going I
don't have it do we have a mission we're
just going on Patrol ok great I'm
assuming we're going to run into a
Cadillac right we still need to find
that light blue gate I've got to find a
drunk at some point oh oh wait why not
head to the jail see if you can talk to
the drunk guy that someone brought in ok
you tell me we're jealous and we'll go
jail is to the right and down wait we're
fully loaded now we're gonna go we're in
full on oh wait wait wait
why'd you walk around do you say yes I
did great would be really funny if I
didn't but I did
ok great did you save the game yes all
the way down and to the right
J does need to be mic 24/7 I agree okay
let's just see if we can talk to the
drug guy that that guy brought in maybe
he'll give us some more clues okay
that's what I would do if I was like
trying to work my way up to Detective
extra-mile you go the extra mile maybe
extra mile do some detective what are
you doing somebody complaints and you
weren't on patrol when you were supposed
to be and that the city is losing money
on tickets study you were supposed to be
writing because they care about the
money they don't really care about doing
good for the community
sure sure it's a business basically yeah
you have no business in the jail this
time
the jailer knows it and he won't let you
in yeah fair enough let's go let's do
our jobs or whatever how about that
respect this mask let's talk this this
guy here yeah slam-dunk done he goes
through the fence come on dude like you
put me in here and I'm going to sue your
whole department for false arrest it's
probably true yeah racial profiling yeah
rich no I mean I'm good cop I like I
said you know riches riches like my
supervisor I'm good cop and riches good
supervisor telling me good cop just to
do my fucking job and I'm like but what
about the crimes we're loose key you
trying to convince me that we're loose
cannons right we have to do these things
cuz we loose cannons it's not what
happens here no okay so we're now we're
on patrol I think so yes great okay four
drunks no drunks I lied it'll tell us
right I usually like if someone runs a
red light or I'm not sure he's a
dickhead
I'm not sure that guy's a dickhead right
there
the car noises help yeah Wow well what
the screech tires oh I guess there's a
light blue car yeah looking for light
blue we don't have probable cause Jack
what a probable cause oh oh
dispatch my Blue Jays be advised
possible stolen vehicle report in your
vicinity vehicle is light blue
late-model Cadillac yes Senor Jefferson
hi possible drug involvement first with
caution it's happening do you see it up
there yeah get the fuck on it rich Oh
God so excited okay fine fine that's
great
I don't know if rich has any strong
thoughts on Kevin Smith no no thanks was
fun yeah that's that's every thought I
have on Kevin Smith great oh and Jason
Mewes is a fucking dirtbag yeah there
you go I've CIA ended up going with
somebody to see them live one side and
it was Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes and
God he's just a scumbag did horrible
horrible things yeah he looks about 20
years older than he is because he's
nothing but drugs misery right misery I
have a complicated relationship with
Kevin Smith it's a one side of a
relationship because he doesn't know who
I am of course but you know clerks is
one of those movies that when you're
young and interested in filmmaking opens
your eyes
to the fact that just anyone can make a
movie it was amazing like it didn't and
I don't mean that negatively because but
like it doesn't look good you know like
it looks cheap oh where is it god damn
it God rich yeah well you you drive Jack
I'm not I'm not even gonna get it to it
but that was great
let's see you do this not let's see you
do this all right I just think he's
right but so so clerks was one of those
things I was really into filmmaking I
was really into comedy and me and my
cousin were making small you know videos
and and we see clerks and it just opened
our eyes to a whole worlds of
possibilities in and he did that for a
lot of young filmmakers so he will
forever have all my Jesus Christ have a
place of a place in film history I think
and he's made some bad movies and now he
I don't know what he does anymore I mean
most directors have made some bad movies
right even if they've made good ones
before oh my god he's right next to you
rich don't crash into him saving right
now what's a 10-4 over and out oh right
you're right you're right
okay you can get
yeah be right behind him there you go
oh shit he's leaving out a high-speed
chase he's coming right for you Oh
what's how I supposed to pull him over
he won't let himself be pulled over I
don't know what's the shortcut for
dispatch though with a shortcut
yeah there's a thing you hits and
that'll go to dispatch for you Oh
actually maybe okay do you have to
report back to this bitch hold up you
probably do right hold up your pee
you're in pursuit of it oh great okay
you did it go get him go get him rich
you've got this be right behind him yeah
I get so close he just crashes I know I
know you got him
Oh what what what did it auto crash I I
hit stop cuz I didn't want to run into
him while he you know after the
animation to start pulling over happened
yeah and for some reason that just made
the car blow up that's bullshit that's
bullshit
you can do it we're sore game yeah so
you know and there's a lot of Kevin
Smith movies that I like that other
people don't like like like chasing a me
and my clerks - I thought was really fun
but you know we're not chasing you me oh
my god what a crazy car chase a Jersey
girl is one thing I like Jersey girl so
Danny case Kevin Smith is doing whatever
the fuck he wants doing good for him by
the way let's all just say that let the
man do whatever he wants
yeah oh I love his talks to his his
evening way okay hold on noting your
presence and driving skill the driver of
the catalogue it pulls over after his
attempts to lose you oh he was
attempting to lose you okay hold on
proper procedure yes we are we are here
with proper procedure okay hold on
vehicle code no intoxicated driver
procedure okay when a violation has been
witnessed stop the violator as quickly
as possible you must have a good reason
to believe that felony has been
committed
you call radio dispatch for backup
immediately yukia radio 83 32 run visa
run vehicle license vehicle check I'm
licensed you own six nine four two this
is it your radio crackles 83 32 suspect
license ul6 940 to your radio crackles
registered to 1979 Cadillac jumped in
1983 83 32 approach with caution oh my
god bomb bomb bomb oh shit guys oh shit
guys let's see here maintain radio
contact
thanks with your backup unit have weapon
drawn at the ready well you wait we
haven't reserved be advised
81 83 31 is responding code 3 to your
location what's a code 3 for backup
before we even get out of the car I
don't that's a good question
83 31 that's another car right but
what's a code 3
I don't know you've got a manual code 3
immediate response to a call is required
to use red lights and sirens while
maintaining do caution ok save yep
it's smart code threes crazy savings the
immediate response to a call is required
okay oh alright so we do have to wait we
have to wait for a backup we got shot
though that's exciting that is look at
that
this game is action-packed you couldn't
get shot many of the LucasArts
adventures Sierra was the shit okay here
we go
close door why do you always get the car
that needs cleaning oh okay okay
something cab radios dispatch dispatch
be advised hold all radio traffic until
code 4 confirmed oh wait a minute
what this is Jack Cobb he's that
dickhead with the daughter yeah
well makes him a dickhead he's been I
think he's been pranking he's been
slacking Hey we don't know well but he's
also saying just be slacking this is
daughters that still makes me I might
not be related to the pranking and that
doesn't mean that he's going to shoot us
in the back just put a chicken no never
superior officers dead he's gonna fuck
around is what's gonna happen or he's
gonna see thing that this guy is like
the drug guy and go off on like a
vengeance rampage probably none of that
would be super exciting yeah and if we
ever shoot somebody that's fine okay all
right affirmative okay 82 32 this is 83
31 Sonny I'll cover you from the
passenger side of your patrol car while
you make contact with the suspect okay
eighty-three thirty-one out and that's
not Jack by the way he's he looks
entirely different that is not Jack
that's just a different that's a
different jacket okay he's ready your
partner just punched that Punk's ticket
but a little too late for you pal
remember proper procedure promotes
police did you take your gun out I guess
we had to do it before he get out of car
we got out of the car and then I was
immediately going to take the gun out
let me take the gun out while seated
okay so command
okay hold on there let's see here call
rated dispatch for backup maintain radio
contact with backup unit bring the
suspects feet vehicle to a complete stop
maintain cover until the suspect is
under control okay command suspect to
halt or stop proceed to command the
suspect to lie down and face the ground
oh wait did you get on the other side of
the door is that we start walking
towards the no stay in cover okay yep
okay there you go get out of car yeah
be careful the students dangerous okay
halt stop on the ground ends up on the
ground just on the ground on the ground
get on the ground
yep he doesn't have his head sorry it
doesn't say hands up it doesn't say
hands up I suspect falters for a moment
that slowly raises his hands he realizes
he does not have a chance and follows
your order who okay now on the ground
okay okay I'm lying down okay now we
follow physical arrest procedures on the
previous page okay physical arrest
procedures go up and handcuffs up the
suspects Jack says I've got him covered
Sonny go ahead and cuff him
great you have you apprehensively
approach the suspect sensing his
desperation something the handcuffed the
suspect by holding your weapon can be as
it is holster gun drop put away to a gun
no don't drive good good okay you feel
relief as you close the handcuffs around
his wrists
I read write no no no I'll wait handcuff
then read writes all right
suspect cut you off Shores he says I
know my rights you jackass all right no
matter a check is we don't know if this
is a Mexico this is a Martinez well we
don't know if that's him though don't be
raised I know my rights you can't yes oh
my god to be safe besides even if he's
white but he can't talk with that he's
not allowed to talk like that if he's
white are you racist racist to be safe
you read his rights to him anyway good
carefully you admonish your suspect of
his Miranda rights great you have the
right to remain silent what you say may
be used against you in a court of law
you have the right to an attorney if you
cannot afford an attorney one will be
appointed to represent you before
questioning if you wish
also now someone is making a really good
suggestion we should perform dick punch
unsub suspect okay and find only pocket
chain he shot me earlier he fucking shot
me
Oh suspect pipes up honest officer I
only carry that for self-defense on the
freeways quiet down
hey Jack you yelled your backup how's
about blocking the booking this evidence
okay oh wait Guildford other Jack uh
different jack
okay other Jack talks a little like this
you better get him in the car first
wait for what loaded revolver briefcase
walnut patrol car keys why did you try
to do I'm trying to get his semi was it
a cult or no or did Jack already take it
oh maybe he did yeah I don't know they
just might not have been the animation
get him in the back of your car first
then search his car get up get in
the back seat is reserved prisoners and
you have none in getting car you order
the suspect into your patrol car he
stumbled he submits with a sarcastic
I read you know fucker missing look this
is no longer Mexican this is um this is
uh who's that actor yes yeah yeah I
worry he turn lawyers I like that oh I
like a big Peter Lorre alright
you dick oh look at your backup he is on
it he is fine backup that I we we like
Jack he's a little slow but loveable
good job sunny OSU I'm sorry good job
sunny Oh
call dispatch and put out a code for
that's my other deck they spell
beautiful eyes
these are code for this car yeah
did you jab you look at the floor board
the seats and even under the seats but
you find nothing then you remember the
glove compartments done done there's
every black notebook and two drivers
licenses hello get booked you open the
notebook $2,000 Colonel Colonel RG I
guess setup HD gambling blackjack hire
more pimps and pushers shame plan for
doing our meet JM + LW hmm we suppose LW
is huh huh who's JM I don't know Jam but
LW is gotta be Lonnie West Jose Martinez
JM is Jose Martinez I'm Lonnie well so
this is not Jose Martinez Jose Martinez
is probably dead murdered by this man
sure oh yeah he's look he's got a little
axe
Cindy $100 but I wonder what for
initiate plan for dealer RW meet NW boss
three o'clock lunch Robert G discipline
pimp one discipline pimp to terminate L
WI and terminate Jose Martinez assuming
Jose Martinez Jam
I'm fuckin detective I'm God I'm the
goddamn Batman rich Evans is Batman you
heard it here first folks poker with JB
hmm the evaluation of drug saturation
plan
well I guess the likes were orphans more
question yes profit total phone
eastcoast
me gutless wonder what initiate plan
three right before plan 66 yes
initiate plan 66 suspects black book
undisturbed to be impounded with the car
oh he's got some aliases going on here
let's write this shit down Marvin
Hoffman yeah Oh what Marvin Hoffman
spiffy dresser flower tattoo above left
nipple Hoffman or Kaufman ah lady told
us that remember the the the lady of the
evening yeah what did she tell us about
him what was he doing the he was
involved with the drugs okay okay it's
all we knew this is him this is him oh
my god they have different heights
though so maybe it's not an alias I
don't know it's weird I mean they looks
like they look alike just like the
mustache Bryce yeah but who knows no 10
187 it could be a limitation of early
graphics sure Chicago Illinois should I
write down that address sir what do you
want me to write their names
Pearson okay great okay okay your
partner will impound these items into
evidence along with the car nice I mean
you should oh yeah so I suppose
everything that's in the evidence okay
great
what's a glovebox closed thing
you're right I hate doughnuts the
moustache made him top dollar check
trunk a gender fuck yeah we are so up on
this drugs look it's the pots they have
the marihuana's you open the trunk it
and discover a clear plastic bag
containing a white powdery substance
resembling cocaine just Ching other
clear plastic bag containing a green
leafy substance representing marijuana
because these things are both perfectly
equated to one another and the same
thing oh yeah smoke weed everyday' let's
do it smoke weed no the coke weed coke
coke weed yeah or week I think that's a
thing like putting putting coke or crack
on marijuana I'm gonna say that's a
thing savegame okay now do drugs yeah
it's not cook she started to examine the
evidence you hear Jack's voice behind
you just leave that stuff for the trunk
sunny island pound it along with the car
sure you will Jack super suspicious
phone died a half a bag of marijuana and
trunk of that car and half a bag of
cocaine how do you know it was half of a
bag
all right great
take this asshole to jail whoever is get
done Jackson go with him Oh Jack does
have the gun great I'm gonna make sure I
didn't want to get shot in the back yeah
after driving off you know yeah that
would have been bad no we didn't collect
the drugs Jack said he'll take care of
it if anything happens to my my car
anything happens to my car damage to my
car I'll have my lawyer on you so fast
you know he'll keep it down back Oh keep
it down back there slimeball Jack comes
on the radio dispatch this is 83 31
confirming code 4 on felony stop one in
custody
83 32 proceeding to jail request tow
truck to location dispatch responds
affirmative 81 83 31 code for tow truck
enroute all right let's take this
asshole to jail drug Jail sure the worst
kind of jail yeah pushes in the pimps
shouldn't recruited so many they turn
Danya I've worked the streets the crime
and a grin I've been down in there with
a muck in the dirt and and there there
ain't no music playing I know yes dick
there's pimps and pushers Jane

[Part II]
just don't crash my car did you say
before I left okay not literally saving
every four seconds no no I want to make
sure I want to make sure you save like
after the arrest great
hmm yeah Jays busy making a movie go
through plenty all the way gamer Oh get
up the stairs dogmeat Sonny getting a
little pushy Oh what happened he said
something while I was
I guess is your big bus for the day how
big hey I guess your big bust for the
day big seeing you and seeing you and
Cubs gives me a natural high hug okay
come on yeah you're going to find out
this is a big waste of your time and
mine the Death Angel lawyer some people
you know if you answer then you can say
snort my cocaine smoke my weed I mean
you had a gun on you
you know you had cocaine and weed on you
Oh jack is so crooked like I'm calling
her right now that's the plot twist not
everyone is Peter Lorre just this bad
guy this bad guys Peter Lorre well we'll
find a different voice for different bad
guys I'm afraid I can only do Peter work
okay if rich is doing the voice you push
the buzzer the jailor releases the you
what tronic walk follow me
get in there you scumbag I like your
sunny voice yeah I like it yeah
look the jailor greets you with a
friendly Oh No here comes more paperwork
you dick I wish I didn't have a cushy
job Jesus I hate I hate putting all the
bad people behind jail bars
my goodness gracious I suppose that was
the other Jack his whiney oh goodness
gracious says the dealer here stands
bonds again on behalf of the people I
see hate me so much I'm supposed to put
criminals in jail this guy shot two
people yeah he's a murderer this is
James angry let go we can do that oh no
I guess I'll just do work all day oh
this is one bad dude
what are you booking him for Sherlock
car theft what are we where do you do
karthick stolen car right was that the
the original after a short wait the
jailor answer are you gonna book this
dude or not if you want to book this
crook I'll need a clue as to what to the
charges a car theft
yeah jaylee responds okay okay I will do
oh sorry I thought I was doing the voice
of sailors but rich okay car will do
fill out the booking slip and give me
his property what's your name
the jailer has the prisoner also yeah
also possession of drugs and assange I
think I right then over the original
dispatch was stolen car car yeah what's
your name the jailer asked your prison
or well you said that name's Marvin
Hoffman you you scumbag
here's months and that's all you're
getting out of me coppers thirty Peaks
deep down you know this sleazebag is
nothing man he claims he is you booked
him as Marvin Hoffman anyway hoping his
numerous felony charges will keep him in
the slam
long enough for you to ascertain his
true identity and the jailer the booking
slip ins and the suspects gravity ok
bonds you can remove his cuffs in place
mr. so called Marvin Hoffman and his
cell number one what's gonna go wrong
the minute I take his cuffs off right
maybe I I think he's just gonna get out
of jail and I'm a lawyer at the county
you remove the cuffs and place them in
your handcuff case your penthouse awaits
you Hoffman shove it Pig
yeah you're leaping meter maids kids
can't keep me in here the shelves off my
nails now I'll be out of this tank
before you finish a coffee break you're
losing it Peter Lorre yeah oh it's other
Jack Jack says um oh well I see you got
that slimeball Pusha booked the COS
tucked away and all the evidence pointed
a second this is Jack number one but
Jack number two showed up to the scene
maybe many it was a graphical error
maybe maybe it was supposed to be this
guy and they just fucked up and had to
Sonny show up
two jacks no it was the other guy walked
look just like we did right oh look at
the COS tucked away and all the evidence
is booked this is one clean bust my boy
you're losing the voice yeah a little
bit it's hard two minutes too many jacks
you know something big oh you're doing a
slightly delaying my exit tests le rinse
to Sally
I guess that's his real name and this is
an error we know his real name down no
don't ask about drugs ask about this
- Sally I guess hey big you were on my
side of these buzz I'd kick your mojo
between your shoulders here on out my
Sonny is just a hard-nosed Dirty Harry
Oh nineteen fifties man oh jesus oh
Jesus Oh who's this this is Jack I
received a call from dispatch on the way
over here Dooley wants to see you in his
office
you are done here still you okay since
my shift is over I'll see you back at
the station
I guess it could be good could we meet
you I'm not sure since my shift is over
I'll see you back at the station could
be I could be you I hope we didn't fuck
up we're bucking him for him I'm worried
about that now I mean he was in a stolen
car it was originally stolen cars
obviously right was not what they said
dispatch stolen car there are so many
things to looking for he was in a stolen
car and he had drugs and guns yeah so
yeah that's breadcrumb gaming says he
had just got blood-borne yet he can't
beat the first level I'll get there I
can only assume you mean like you know
area the first area right I've been
trying for about five hours of no luck
I've already had to restart my character
because my first one's a weapon broke
that's important I've never had that
happen before you have you can prepare
your weapon in the dream you have to
when you go back to the hunters dream
you make that a habit you have to repair
your weapon using blood echoes Can I
grab the dirtiest okay so make sure you
repair your weapon and just just keep
play it play through and learn learn all
of the little combat tricks and
sometimes basically get good get you
know sorry it's not it's not easy but
you do get better it doesn't get easier
just because you're better at the game
yes yeah starting to start learning and
oh my god that was hot you know start
Lowe's learning that rip Jose or the
counter the Perry and and get those
combos down those combos really help
slash slash slash dive dive away dive
away so many times you can do it we
believe in you and once you get it man
is it a great time
but yeah also just make sure to keep an
eye on your weapon stats because it will
tell you in the in the menu how how
close your weapon is to breaking so get
it repaired you can do it we believe in
you
I think the birthday boy doesn't believe
in you but I believe in you okay all
right what do we got now I don't know
okay that's true Lucan Corvin says
blood-borne is one of those games where
it's hard to give proper good advice
where the best advice is just get good
which is true you just need to learn the
combat just keep practicing keep
fighting you'll you'll start to
understand and light movements you know
I don't know how you normally play games
maybe play a bit more defensively than
you're used to
oh this is not this is not a button
masher where you run in and Wack Wack
Wack Wack Wack until they're dead even
even when you're like all leveled up and
you go back to those early areas you
still cannot plow through the enemies
always play defensively absolutely so
get used to dodging and waiting for them
to attack before you do anything and
practice with colouring yes I love sunny
I have a memo here concerning you let me
read it dear his eyes begin to sting and
water profusely
sergeant Dooley races for the bathroom
cursing the gremlin for spraying the
memo with mace oh that's way out Dooley
ills read the memo yourself Sonny ready
the memo yourself Sonny
if you scans how it comes uncontrolled
after its newly declared when I find
that gremlin is
but I find out if I find the
grandmothers I swear I'll kill them
we're saved before we read the memo and
accidentally mace ourselves who dick
neutral you're drinking a sculpin
tonight I'm glad you may be smart but
you can't read that memo upside down we
have to walk around with this yeah they
thought of that that's really fun that's
the thing that happened that's really
funny I like that interdepartmental memo
okay from Lieutenant James Morgan
narcotics re officer bonds officer bonds
request for a temporary transfer to the
narcotics Department has been approved
bonds is to report to my office ASAP in
suitable Street clothing we made it we
were promoted we're in the big time it's
temporary
yeah but by the end of the game this is
it we're gonna be in it we're gonna be a
narc maybe we like Fang Street job I
like getting there down there and the
dirt and the grime no no what you know
what we are right now right now we're
like we're Tylenol we're taking care of
symptoms we get into narcotics we start
taking care of the disease you know man
so we're getting rid of poverty yeah I
mean oh my god he's still taking a
shower and Batman is still pooping
well well you're the one wasting time
dick whatever whatever
what ah there's nothing like a nice hot
shower
all right now what I don't know is which
clothes are they going to expect us to
wear you missed all the fun I jumped in
the shower what the other guy he wasn't
interested
oh I went on a very important mission
one of the times Jay came in here to
check in on us he appeared to have an
ice-cold beer okay so I assumed that he
picked up some beer and dropped him off
here at the studio mmm he did not he
just brought one beer for him to drink
it joy no that's fine I'm sorry mm-hmm
it's not a big deal I didn't know
alcohol was that important to you it's
very can't going out in huh I think you
have problem it's true I have many
problems one of them right now is that I
don't have any beer what problems that
are inconvenience
no it's if it one was here I would have
drank it but my my problem was I was
thinking about bringing some beer from
home but then I said oh the fridge is
always has a couple beers I know I don't
need to do that
everybody you know what everything's
fine I do not need beer to have a good
time I'm having a lovely time I've been
going through our old Space Quest stream
because I want to use some clips of it
you know we talk we talk about text
adventure games and so I wanted to is
find some funny bits yeah or the broken
age episode and these these are good
games yes text adventure games yes they
are are where it's at
hello say oh hey there you go please
step over here to my yes No oh do you'll
see what desk tap Morgan welcomes you to
than a carnac's division and explains
the necessity of your new image
honey I'm trying to put you on the
Hoffman case dirtier your involvement in
the Arush your partner will be detective
war once sweet all right you enjoy
Lauren or office now good luck
convocation and welcome to Borg honey
hey it wasn't there Nell W in the book
in the book oh yeah in the notebook a
black book
yeah just saying it's somebody to be
rubbed out and yeah the Hoffman guide
obviously is the one who did it
he's our murderer yeah yeah what's
problem now our new partner is lw2
coincidence yes I think dun dun dun
it's a beautiful it was weird it's just
weird as all right there's Lonnie West
sure the chests talking about LA noire
can you imagine the trainings people and
and having to judge their facial
expressions with these graphics well the
one pixel moves so he might be frowning
now or he's mad he's either winking or
one of his eyes is bulging out what does
it mean when they turn into a dragon it
looks like he's turning into a dragon
all right jack you can do girls better
than picture oh this is Laura
welcome to the Narcotics Division Sonny
says Laura I'm pleased he was selected
for the position she's hard nosed yeah
how pleased you were selected for the
division allow me to show you around
does it bitch this is a filing cabinet
this contains all our active knockout of
cases including
Hoffman's file okay well she got bark
this way go on my hips this keyboard
contains keys to the unmarked cars that
are assigned to the Narcotics Division
I've been meaning to update that
clipboard hang in there little southern
that's fine oh my girls it's kind of
sound the same let's see here
by the way our radio call number is 83
Nora 10 that's done right them new call
number 83 Nora 10 got it this will be
your desk since you have your own best
now your pigeonhole will be assigned to
someone else
dun dun dun we don't need our pigeonhole
no more
sunny Laura says earnestly I attended
Hoffman's arraignment earlier this
morning
he's being represented by some
out-of-town hotshot lawyer this morning
I was like that was like half an hour
ago the video game time no no no no
that's not cool that is unacceptable
also if it was just happen before we
drove the police station and before that
we went to a birthday party and before
that we were at work so like were we
working at 2:00 in the morning the
birthday party was after work and we
also read the late shift so we're doing
a double shift so we arrested him at
night and they just can't show Nate
graphics yeah okay um oh he's got some
hotshot lawyer mm-hmm she's turning more
southern go where your gut tells you it
needs to go yeah this jerk has convinced
judge Palmer
that Hoffman is who he says he is and
that's not the worst of it mm-hmm judge
Palmer said Hoffman's bail at only
$500,000 we've got to show cause to
justify a no-bail warrant if Hoffman
gets out on bail we'll never see his
ugly face again
and so by the way the fact that he was
armed had drugs in the trunk is not
enough to warrant a no cause a no-bail
warrant would probably murder so we need
to get him on the murder of Bonny West
or Jose Martinez we might get a call
like that that's good you're thinking
already yeah you're thinking already
great I'm an adventure game veteran
let's do this Sonny I have a meeting
right now and can't stay hoffmans your
baby now and
is running out I hope you can discover
some information that will convince
judge Palmer to hold him without bail
I just a little snappy in the air there
cuz yeah that's what you would do all
right my interpretation of her character
you know all these names Jenkins
Justin Fletch file drawer contains the
file contains five folders each labeled
with a name of the case Winfred w Watson
Winnie the weasel weasel hold on wait
wait
let me look at my descriptions of people
okay narcotics weapons armed robbery has
been seen with a junkie hooker known as
big Bonnie a sinking ship on his top of
his head okay oh I know how we're gonna
get him tattoo there's gonna be a tattoo
in his file and that's gonna be
connected to the the Murray thing right
hi pants Murray he had the tattoo of
them something or other yes
yeah he had a tattoo of
did I delete it
what's that one in the back just is it
just gibberish gibberish oh here it is
flower tattoo above left and nipple
we're looking at oh that's him
Leroy Pearson scars tattoos etc tattoo
small flower above left nipple there
right no but we knew that already we
knew Leroy Pearson yeah yeah so that's
the connection yeah well now we need to
prove it okay so how do we prove it
what's it - - okay remove the Hofmann
valve from the drawer oh okay so we have
that file yep
all right that's something that's
something that's something I agree
that's something do we want to go
through the other files oh sorry I just
got a call from the jail
Hoffman's attorney is on his way over
there with a half million dollars to
bail him out Jesus the bulletin board is
filled with terminally boring stuff okay
if you found anything at all and we
could used to hold the sucker now it's
time to use it do we need the other case
files
hold on ho ho take whatever you have
well you actually you want to read this
Oh
take whatever you have get over to the
courthouse and see if you can get a
no-bail warrant out of judge Palmer TT
TT it's too late it's too late that's
all right so we have the file so do we
can we go get the file of like a witness
report of the shooting what do we have
to do the desk on the right has in and
out baskets the telephone but no name
plates
come on really
yeah that's pretty anal yeah all right
we're gonna go to the Compu front and
look up names see what comes up sure
sure I don't know if you can be late to
the trial like usually that's an
adventure game thing where time is
irrelevant
yeah I'm assuming times roller bud save
the game just in case you use comp you
traitor
good mornin
don't know what are we looking for
TTL Oh what was Moses other named Leroy
pierson-el er oh wow let's just give it
the last time he ie are som okay I mean
look at the map here is there can we get
the file on on the car crash and then
you know we have that file with the
witnesses report or no and then show
both to the judge
I assume I don't know
I don't know
PA system Chloe with monitor keyboard
and printer yeah so print out something
hmm
what were the aliases on the licenses
Leroy Pearson there was Marvin Hofmann
and Leroy Pearson and they don't think
he's Marvin Hoffman so we need to prove
he's he's your appears Pearson yeah hey
Oh tell phoria hotel are you in
California right now yeah what is the
name of the city where should we go to
his hotel
how do you print how do you print we can
find us Hotel map right video codes
let's see here
good morning drugs just drugs
mmm-hmm let's see here let's see here
sort of thing the manual about
procedures and what to do
penal penal code I'm gonna look at some
other folders yeah that's a good idea
one of those other names might have a
tattoo of the flower above the nipple
yeah sure sure sure
I'm with you a print screen control
piece just press control for you right
Penal
fat Fanny shirt fed Fetty hard fat Fanny
Oh God alright the price with caution
yeah okay so that's just the funny one
yeah gotcha
Jimmy the Jimmy the junkie Oh legal
flight to avoid prosecution on narcotics
violation last seen heading south
like an out-of-control rocket arrested
notify officers game Lucas probation
department there all right just in
Fletch
Fredi the freak purse-snatching assault
and battery bytes next I just purchased
these are all comedy ones this is early
Wednesday morning statements indicate
Freddie's just in front was that
intersection of Center and third
directing traffic while totally nude oh
okay was that the maybe that was the
naked guy yeah so these are just comedy
ones for those of you asking red ogo
LaMacchia says why are there so many
damn items to unlock in Binding of Isaac
rebirth because the entire point of the
game is its replayability that's it the
defeating mom defeating mom's heart
defeating Satan defeating mega satan
which by the way I've defeated mega
Satan now that's all that's all fine and
winning the game but real winning the
game real platinum God status is that is
the real victory and that's unlocking
all the items beating the game with
every character on hard you can do it I
believe in you I have all these written
down I don't think these mean anything
aha what's this
look at that fish look at that name -
cellie last Harris and Hoffmann get
sheet you don't mean it
what do you mean you don't mean it well
look them up in the computer maybe sure
tes le hold on I mean let me write this
down
Jason t.a.s e ll I got it
Harris and Hoffman also Harris
aha tattoo flower above the next left
lapel you take the FBI wanted poster
knowing judge Palmer will find it very
interesting
sweet boom you did it rich you figured
it out drop clipboard let's get over
there to Sally
so yeah the game totally glitched out
earlier yeah reaaahhr
or we've read that poster earlier and
put it the game game glitch so we would
have noticed it anyway
well you minute I saw this face I didn't
read the name yet I saw a smile that's
him yeah that's totally Henry you don't
need the computer anymore do you just a
kiss or something I have to print out
for the other name right sure the file
from the clipboard oh sure
you never know just print it out how do
you print maybe you can't maybe maybe
you just can't well you have the finest
computer has to be here for a reason I
agree Hoffman fell and wanted poster I'm
hoping those are the only two things we
need hold on hold on I'm saving this oh
it's fine it didn't take my other save
you've been like overwriting saves a lot
right clearly labeled one please press
one zero I thought I did huh yes didn't
take did not take I don't know why but
and what am I supposed to do here
I am looking this up I'm I'm heading to
the court Jack Oh God already had before
doing it we'll be fine
do you think is it I think we'll be fine
if I'm wrong we'll just reload the same
this isn't a no different
I'm looking this up sorry everyone I
miss fucking
okay I don't think we do need to print
down anything okay I think we're gonna
be fine
better better safe than sorry yeah you
have the safe so no matter what haven't
reformed the prescribed walk around
safety check of your vehicle you are now
ready to hit the streets nice rich nice
your soul ease always check your car so
up on it
even when you're undercover you have to
inspect your car your cop that never
changes
yeah but what if that's a test and
someone just saw you do that now they
know you're a cop oh my god oh we have
some what the fuck's yeah we got a
shitload crab and rail means real nice
bill Ola hecka mr. Foreman Le Loi beats
Guido Oh bother
boys I'm nice you 42 quince omni ik
Harry fed-ex Mensa and hundreds of
others thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we do we really do back to
business back to the business of copping
full screen you fucker full screen boom
the only screen that matters
full screen save it I came again and
again save it keep saving it to the scum
and bushes after the streets
gotta get all those pimps and all those
bushes off our streets you see the card
house yep oh my god no you're fine
yeah make him stop he's the dickhead Oh
God can you park like that people
looting are very proud of this
courthouse built in 1873 by descendants
of the town's first settlers the marble
was imported all the way from West let
me dig neutral a space cop
text adventure game would be amazing yes
women unfortunately rich and I don't
know how to make video games yes we will
write we together with Mike and Jay will
write a space cop text adventure for
anyone who wants to take it there are
there are a handful of handmade games in
this style there's like somebody made
like Space Quest 0 yeah yeah listen
that's all I'm saying is it will right
there we will make it happen if you if
someone knows how to make a game ok Oh
help you dr. Mann good days help you ask
about judge I'm sorry but judge Kim
Palmer's Court is presently in session
Palmer suggests you want right yes how
do you do that
so man evidence yes Phoenix if if we
make a space cop text adventure game any
time you enter in spikes you
automatically die if you type in spikes
at all you automatically that's very
nice sir
but I have no authority in matters such
as this how can you do that
what's the fist I tried I tried
leftover beefcake I'm looking into this
do you have a good judge voice well this
is this is a lady judge voice Oh Kim
Palma silence in the court
it's my queen of England oh you got in
did punching him in the face word no way
will see it may get kicked out right now
in a firm voice the bailiff speaks to
you well oh well the judge is waiting
for you yes apparently for your
information sir this Court is in session
you are the most fortunate that I do not
hold you in contempt like that yeah they
live show this gentleman out of my
courtroom
oh well okay there's more we need to do
okay as you are launched from judge
Palmer's court the bailiff bids you
farewell boys your face red
yes this is I was using my queen of
England voice I'm the queen of judge are
there anything in the manual about court
procedures oh that's a good idea
how's it gonna be Oh what okay personal
conduct let's see here Department
standards physical arrest handcuffing
driving vehicle safety inspection radio
transmission felony arrests procedures
vehicle codes penal codes burglary
robbery fear defined on your first and
Abid
no there's nothing about court
procedures damn it
closed Jack I know we're closed closed
what should I do jack what you do
incoming you for home okay head back
into the courthouse
okay what's the listen they live back
into the courthouse go back in the
courthouse okay oh and can you type
anything when you're in there
yes I guess my question Simonson Michael
it's not letting you type anything like
can you talk to the bailiff I can't no
judge is waiting for you same thing
happen and you just you just can't type
anything still can't type anything now
okay hold on let me think about this
first again well obviously we have to
get in here with you this guy right
right
ask about tattoo I'm gonna do something
I'm gonna look at the chat who would
type objection I don't think that'll
work
and you've tried giving this guy the
files and stuff you have keys revolver
briefcase wallet and give wallet what do
you have authority in
and you weren't able to type anything as
soon as you try screaming that might
work I don't think so
scream just type in scream at man they
say it's an emergency okay
oh that's terrible puzzle
yeah that's injecting real-life logic
into video game logic that's that's a
that's a bit harsh unless there's
something in the manual I think any
puzzle at any game should have some kind
of hint somewhere I'm looking at like
person you don't you know what that is
what that's that some people would feed
money into the sierra hint hotline
uh-huh they had one oh this is one 900
number oh sure sure sure
yeah I feel bad about that now yeah
that's a bad puzzle but that's fine the
bedpost I feel bad that we I needed him
to go on to but I mean there was no way
because so damn good there was no way we
could have known that one right there is
no way
let's see Mr Bond Zoo or what is this
warrant for says the judge and what
information do you have to substantiate
the validity of a warrant
how can you give file all right did you
have any other information judge Palmer
motions the bailiff to retrieve the
evidence you hand with the evidence to
the bailiff because who needs animation
when we could just tell you what's
happening he's not even saying it he's
just handing her things like no the only
yeah graces as judge Palmer evaluates
your evidence you think to yourself this
Punk can no sorry you think to yourself
this pug can't go free she's reading you
can tell because I have enough judge
Palmer scans the items presented with
questions what makes you think these two
men are the same person mr. bones you
didn't notice that lady the bailiff and
Goro border squirming joke trying to
conceal their ladies Ted to you damn
dirty judge you tell the judge your tale
of tattoos and nipple it's better this
godforsaken nipple take a look yourself
you make me sick
the judge attempts to stifle her giggles
but fails judge Palmer whispers softly
to you well mr. bones it appears your
friend has his tit caught in the ring
the Queen cannot laugh stifling her
laughter judge Palmer says
congratulations mr. bones your request
is granted
we did it here is a no-bail warrant
issued in the name of Jason to Sally
alias Marvin Hoffman bailiff deliver
this to mr. Burns's hold him out I must
I must get on with the beheadings but
but judge it's a traffic ticket yes
here you are Mr Bond several tonight to
Sally's attorneys at the jail at this
very moment oh shit yeah save and drive
like the wind the queen is always drunk
by the way huge everything in my world
the Queen is always drunk fuck yes
oh you made it to the channel I'm so
sorry
across the street oh sure
all right get in there
Oh oh no I forgot oh he was the jailers
voice I forgot the jail who's always
already Oh gay gay stereotype
it wasn't cased here oh no you might've
it was um
the jailer seized I hope you know bonds
at this very moment a Hoffman's lawyer
is in the front reception area bailing
that worm out you've got a definite
surfer vibe now but I like it yeah I was
going for like bored and condescending
in California what's the hand you am the
jailer the no-bail warrant just in time
to keep mr. too silly from returning to
the street you hand the jailer the Nobel
Boyd just in time to keep mr. de chelly
from returning to the streets oh man
this is great
Sonny I hope you know how this will slam
the old boys orifice shut I'll be right
back this is gonna blow his attorneys
mind it's because of all the drugs he
does they really messed with his brain
yeah like I was I think I'm like calling
the the guitar player from the Muppets
from the electric boot from the Electric
Mayhem yeah oh hey there Janice Janice
yeah boy that sure made my day Sonny you
should have seen the guy he started
ranting and raving like a little kid who
just Ted is a lollipop taken away
oh okay
now go talk to the sellers no I sure
hate silly
suck my dick so just go through and type
in suck my dick the period well are you
gonna talk to him at all we could drop
the mic moment Oh jack it really was no
business you know something big
while you're doing is slightly delaying
my exits to solely rants so you were
supposed to talk to him after doing all
this stuff yeah okay that's why that's

[Part III]
hated I got because all the people
around me know I enjoy beer one year for
Christmas or something someone gave me
like a super simple home brew kit you
know like one of those things that you
get at Bed Bath & Beyond something
something like that
and I started reading the instructions
on how to make your own beer and decided
it would be better for the world if I
just bought other people's beer it
seemed like way too much work yeah it
was you Oh bother I was as I was looking
I was looking at your picture of your
homebrew that looks complicated
okay yeah we're on our way back to the
station oh shit
case closed so there we go it looks like
it looks like Laura's waiting for you
you wonder what's up she's gonna be all
up on their nuts cuz you kept us Ellie
in jail
hold on Sonny we've got work to do the
shit right we do girl get in the
backseat baby wait pay for it
wait for what we're going to Quiznos
Sonny one of my informants just told me
if a drug deal is going down soon in
Linnton City Park
lieutenant Morgan wants us to stake it
out so we could do well cowboy let's
roll oh I had a right word cowboy now
shit yet Oh ask politely for oracles
always pays to be polite all right
Morgan Park oh shit right back to the
mess back to the mask back to the map
the masked man I think there's a
park-like thing over here I'm headed
this way and you can tell me to go
differently if you think you different
my head up up maybe up City Park I
thought you just said Morgan it's some
kind of park the only Park I see here is
is way to the left is the thing way I'm
not tired I'm something that's what she
said I hope that's what she said the
lesson here pay more attention
well she said Morgan Park and on the
map on the official map the only Park I
see is city park so whopper them down
there Morgan Drive no huh it was it's a
little up from the police station up
okay level up from the police station
yeah I'm losing it a little bit but it's
fine everything's gonna be fine there's
like there's a little parking area so I
assume yeah there is no reason to stop
at this location okay that's not it then
no I just wasn't up furnace oh okay
there you go this is the Oh
oh we're bringing back some dick neutral
she got into the backseat of my car I
said the front seat is safer it has an
airbag I may be wrong about this because
she's not gotten out of the car Tommy
okay hold on let me look I'm checking
the map again there's knowing I could be
totally wrong where where she said to go
when I feel bad now oh she said Morgan
Park didn't you I could be wrong yeah
where did she say to go oh shit oh shit
I was so thrilled with my victory wait
your extender crackles this is 83 nor 10
notifying when you are in position
Oh what is position what are we doing
once think we're on a stakeout things
have gone horribly wrong I'm gonna hide
behind these bushes and all right Oh Oh
II did the right thing and did the right
thing I got in the bushes you you get a
homer you did the right thing by
accident
okay you can see yourself in the bushes
with a clear view of the table table
get out of here okay
so now we radio
Yukie your extender and notify a
detective what's that year in a
concealed position she responds to your
transmission ten-four will maintain
radio silence until I hear from you now
son you hear hey hey y'all Shh what you
do and I think about Kahn kissing donut
I know supposed to maintain radio
silence I don't care I'm bored well fuck
you too man
I'm out of here you can't handle this
this much this much woman
something better happen I'm gonna get
bored it's this tape it's the stakeout
this is Oh Oh who's that
yep oh my god it's happening you you
quietly watch a man into the pic-a-nic
area do you think he has a pic-a-nic
basket he cautiously nears the picnic
table
attendant apparently looking for gay sex
the man do you know they do it in the
park it's where they all meet their
little perverted sessions of hide a ball
hide a ball you don't know how gay sex
works do you
the man slowly unzips his pants I mean
are you supposed to the young man is
wearing dark clothes are you supposed to
apprehend it soon if somebody else will
show up don't say yeah okay nope Oh
we're not going nobody's going to do
anything illegal with you hanging around
I think I lost damnit I was gonna try to
shoot do something fun but it won't
thanks for playing Belize glist
so even just drawing your gun gets you
out of cover so you know I started
walking over oh okay drunk on though
we're gonna have that ready just in case
absolutely now that I know I can nope
were you about to shoot him yeah another
figure carefully approaches the picnic
table could it be another figure
carefully approaches the picnic table
can abyss drug contact excuse me sir do
you have directions
hey Vick who you followed that's perfect
they let that little Pesci Hey and the
way it's cool man
I'm school yeah you got the stuff did
you bring the cash oh yeah that's right
here yeah yeah Oh slides the Kish once
this one suspect hands what appears to
be an envelope to the other suspect no
wait Oh erase shoot to you we don't want
to shoot him the second suspect returns
a small plastic bag containing a white
substance so get him till the freeze get
out of there freaks oh you shut police
help you shut police officer just kick
it give us the fuzz I'm out of here
don't you officer man I give up where's
our backup well you caught yourself a
nice little fish now you got yourself a
nice little fish but you let the shark
get away
next time try following prepper to these
procedures oh god damn it I'm assuming
we have to call for backup to come in oh
you're totally right motherfucker where
is my proper police procedures
felony arrest procedures okay dragon
yeah all right try again this time just
shoot them all know who followed you
we followed who are you I don't even
know what's that envelope I'll take it a
guy gasps no big deal
you're right
he likes V we need to radio our sassy
sidekick yeah yes that's what's gonna
happen that's what's gonna happen
although I'm looking up felony arrest
procedures backup unit must be staked
out in close proximity oh I'm gonna wait
till they actually make the exchange
absolutely all right
he took it all right radio you quietly
quietly Beck on radio Laura I'm moving
in you hook up quietly you quietly ready
alert I'm moving in you hook up anybody
trying to take football football
whatever takes shift then shift any
cradles that can buy your way trying to
discover in the booth what trying to
take foot bail - what is that's perfect
for my Sonny bombs huh yeah I'm moving
in you hook up anybody trying to take
foot bath and she's like uh what's
football the hall I'm a girl I don't get
sports references I kind of been like
like bailing somebody out jail that kind
of foot bill what do you think I meant
but that doesn't make any sense even in
sports that's the worst okay oh hell
police officer freeze you scumbags gigas
the fuzz shouts the pusher I'm out of
here
I'm pussy
all right hands up currently we're not
bothering with anything else now no no
on the ground I don't know about this I
don't know about this I don't like this
at all this is not following me ever
safe okay
all right you did it move it dickhead Oh
son of a what do you think I meant by
talk to him oh is it too late yep too
late by the way the first ring finger
part about that is the game told you not
to follow all the other yeah exactly
exactly
the game was leading you down a path of
not following police procedures right
good god damn it
this pissed-off mofo says while this
game blows we've had more fun with this
than we have it a lot of games recently
I don't know what the fuck you're
talking about we're figuring out puzzles
we have funny voices going on
this shit's great but what else do you
want we have funny voices what else
could you possibly want this is how we
do it
this is how we do it it's fun here but
playing this by yourself would be
depressing okay you know no it's
different so much is that's depressing
so what fine
suppressing no no I think there's a
charm to it look keep walking like that
I love it okay
holster weapon cuff him read more read
writes carefully admonish your suspect
of his despised Miranda rights you have
the right to remain silent what you say
may be used against you in a court of
law you have the right to an attorney
you cannot afford an attorney one will
be appointed to represent you before
questioning if you wish all right get
down to the ground scumbag now bite that
curb tsums is reluctant but cooperative
you learn he has been selling to kids in
Jefferson High School including officer
Cobbs daughter Cathy dog don't know not
my Cathy search man which feels nothing
except for school ID card this said she
feels nothing except for this bug school
ID card and the small bag tin a white
powdery substance
you watched him get from the butcher
this dickhead kid been pushing drugs at
the local high school off so glad let's
kick his ass
time to bite the curb and stomp down on
at American History X style get out of
here fellow Sims to the patrol guy
whereas what what took you so long hot
rod I picked up this loose in trying to
take foot bail on you what is he this is
not a real thing
mumble under your breath yeah shit you
probably didn't grab the first white man
you good fun he was bailing out on foot
I know but foot bail seems like a weird
term you could just say he was bailing
or he was footing it you know like foot
bail seems weird
Oh apparently foot bail is specific
slang just for running from the cops oh
okay bye from a guy named Jose Martinez
but then Martinez introduced me to Don
Colby here some says I haven't seen
Martinez sense oh how can you do that
hello look some my Tina's I don't know I
don't know nothing about no Martinez I
don't know what you're talking about
okay you have to go over to Don is there
anything else we need to do go over to
bum I can't move
okay
let's see Laura comments lieutenant
Morgan will be real happy with this bust
I'm real happy with your bus sweetheart
I'm filing a sexual harassment lawsuit
understand inappropriate but you're a
woman but you're a woman
what's right what's the problem you want
me to sex your ass sex your ass mint I
don't understand I don't do it there's
missionary only eyes closed over time
one hip movement out of you and you get
the back of my hand
what do you think you're doing a hippie
Kama Sutra you stand still I'll do the
same just like my grandparents fucking
red light are you just you're just
waiting I love that that I love the most
about this game is it just makes you
wait for the where's my car
where are my dragon what's what's going
here under the thing oh you going to
jail yeah do you need to like radio or
anything I'm not the jail grants I don't
know if you had to do that the quest
subject check on Don Colby Charles Ocean
Lincoln boy yellow what this is a lot of
words and I only know what one of them
means ocean Lincoln boy yellow what
dispatch responds any three nor ten
possible hit Paul D Colby served 18
months in state penitentiary for assault
on police officer and possession and
sale of a controlled substance
three-year probation
still active oh there you go we just did
cap stuff no I've never heard of the 7th
guest have you heard of the 7th guest
game I don't know if it's
point-and-click or a regular one or what
they're saying we would like it oh
that's a CD I think it's a CD full
motion video 100k full motion other than
that I don't think I could tell you
anything I could be wrong about what I
think I know Oh was that what they were
doing they were they were doing be like
the call signs for Colby you know comma
Oh libido Bongo yep see Banco yet see
baited dolphin yeah thank you
it was the first cd-rom game I don't
know everything
the first cd-rom game I just googled the
first cd-rom game
get out you filthy hippies
first of all in an incredible fit of
irony I just googled the first cd-rom
game and I get a game called the manhole
it's Jay's favorite game really irony in
a credible coincidence and we're kind of
coincidence unrelated joke and the may
remind you of an unrelated in joke
that's not irony what are you a lot us
Morissette the it's manhole man Oh
the manhole a children's adventure game
was the first game produced on a cd-rom
distributed on a cd-rom made oh so we
got I got I got that shit I like that
spend a lot of time at this jail
well that's your job your job is to put
people in jail slam dunk Donnie yells
for the fence hey baby
you boys play basketball hey baby you
boys made basketball by any chance do
you boys play basketball um excuse me
mates but - do any of you play sports
ball of the basketball sense of the best
it's a sports ball of the basket sense
Sonny that's fine it's all Sonny I'll
wait here while you complete the booking
we reach you with a friendly Oh No here
comes more paperwork oh no man this is
certainly a fine-looking group you got
this time Sonny look look
drugs fucking pimps pushes what do you
charge this what are you charging these
dudes with drugs who falls for a bag
type in pushers see what happens okay a
drugs it will be fill out the booking
slip and give me his property yeah
Lord Belmont the 7th guest was not the
first cd-rom game Oh the manhole was the
first cd-rom game distributed in 1992 80
and 89 and 88 on floppy disk it's
already been through ad that's probably
not the the German one yeah yeah I'm
gonna sue you for making them cups too
tight flatfoot threatens your prisoner
threatens yep prisoner yeah we'll see
about that
see about that I think you boys know
where to go it was on floppy disk n
cd-rom but it was the first on cd-rom I
hope you moisturize because we don't
provide Vaseline Oh God
up yours Dick Tracy you'll never make
this stick
hey bombs I'll wait for you in the car
my brother waiting I'm either way way
there right now I'm gonna be I'm gonna
be literally right behind you
this is incredibly rude of you smell
chicken are you checking your tweets
what are you doing in the car all right
here we go
looks like you'll be a valued addition
and narcotics bounce valued addition
also to my vagina I suppose not
necessarily an addition so much as a
welcome gift and we're after the motel
happens where we going I feel so lost
accident we're doing we're doing all the
work go back to the police station I
suppose we're done with our shift
he's a tampon right yeah yeah you know
it was a sex it was a sex joke Sonny
I'll go right up this arrest mm-hmm good
because you're a woman that's all you're
good for
I'm gonna go do mad things I'll bet jack
is I bet jack is over at that blue room
why don't you go tell him we nailed the
rat who was dealing dope at Jefferson
High that's right you could do women's
work I'm gonna be at the bar ha ha ha
doing man's work like drinking whiskey
smoking unfiltered No here's the
question we just stopped off at the
police station do I have to get out and
check the car I'm gonna do it just in
case
well now you get into your own car right
yeah drive the undercover car to the bar
I'll do it I what the real question is
do you have to like shower and stuff but
I guess you're already in street clothes
some habits okay you're driving the
undercover car yeah Jesus Christ why not
I don't give a shit it's a perk it's a
perk
that's a perk all right I think you're
gonna get shit for that you saved
did you save yeah I did okay Oh God too
many white cars which ones you where is
the damn place not not there well I'm
the one that blew off because I'm always
the one that blows up right the place is
is off you were head in the right
direction generally we get the map let
me get the map back right in front of me
literally just it just turned directly
in front of me there's nothing I could
do
so you want a head to your right oh my
god another car turned right in front of
me so go up and right yeah good hey you
yielded I want to go around so I don't
get stopped at that fucking red light
sure down down down and then uh and then
take as soon as you can go right again
yeah that right Oh for fuck's sake
and yes favorite customer this game
right here police quest is another ps4
exclusive we're really enjoying the
graphical fidelity it has the makeups
but definitely tough to do all the
typing using the ps4 controller rich has
gotten pretty good at it no now you're
here don't crash don't crash just tell
crash
this is one of the better Sierra games I
think I think this is fun
I love the quest for glory games but
there's some this is a grinding I love
it they like merged an adventure game
with a role-playing game
really so there's combat oh that's no
that's not why you play adventure game
yeah there's multiple solutions and you
can play as either a thief a magician or
like a warrior oh and every puzzle
there's like a thief II solution a
wizardly solution than a violent
solution that seems awesome yeah that
seems awesome very fond of that series
yet in the Blue Room Sajak seated at the
table he appears to be quite intoxicated
good it better not be a duty I've had so
much to drink I just don't know I don't
know what to do with my life oh my my
daughter and my and my wife trying to
Jed Jack you tell her about the victors
Sims arrests and how he was responsible
for selling dope at that high school
Sonny I really do appreciate you nailing
that filthy scumbag pusher but but I'm
afraid it might be too late although did
she OD g OD know my daughter Kathy is in
the intensive care ward over at little
General Hospital she's in a coma from a
drunk OD this is a light-hearted game
rich this does this write that line yeah
yeah this rides and inserts that line
there's nothing I can do that's you Oh
Sonny this there's nothing anyone can do
Sonny does not know how to deal with
human emotion
he's not good at that kind of thing he's
a hard edge copy
he's got no ruin his life for emotion
this game was directed by Christopher
Nolan bartender says for your
information sunny I have a cab on the
way for Jack okay good good I was gonna
say don't drive home drunk yeah I was
gonna say that I would sure love to
stretch the neck and then Sarah don't
pushing skub sucker that hurt your
little girl they save ya know but he's
drunk is he gonna go to the go to do
prison how can you how can you do that
don't ask about the drug daughter drugs
that's not as appropriate okay
cab driver shuts out a gold for the deck
see over here that's it for me Sonny
I'll see you later
woman get control of your emotions Maddy
can sit right this way buddy boy don't
fall down I can't do okay
oh man this is boy in bed shape oh sure
sure noble kinsman says quick call
hoochie-coochie Hanna she's the only one
that can make him feel better my god
people keep coming into this bar here
there's Keith you did I don't remember
how I did Keith I'm sorry to have to
tell you this Sonny but I have some bad
news for you
keith is a radio announcer that's fine
lieutenant Morgan sent me over here to
advise you that your boy to celli has
escaped from jail I know that no-good
dirty good-for-nothing
I was useless I must have left the door
open yeah
never just doing Weinke I try to bring
in the stuff from the streets and you
just kept complaining this is what
happens
losing the voice that's bad the voice -
Sallie jumped a guard then made it to
the exercise ward where he escaped by
climbing over the fence and possibly
that African American basketball player
at least kill that fucking Jenny there
is a citywide dragnet out for him right
now
Morgan wants to see you back in his
office ASAP it's ASAP it's an egg I just
read the line see you later
Sonny I have business to take care of
apparently yeah Keith is game show host
this is the game hyped-up is that scene
in the movie where you play that song I
just want to want to dance it out tell
your boyfriend yeah yeah no tell you a
girlfriend that's it that was long he
listened to a lot of Robin lately you
know Robin Batman and Robin no just
Robin call your girlfriend
tell her you met someone new she's great
alright get back there save save save
new that one oh god it's a long way out
of the way to go only a fucking
stoplight the police station which ones
oh you're that one I shouldn't feel like
stopping at that fuckin red light again
there's pure laziness at work
I don't think I don't think there's a
record for baldest man alive
the Rising Sun I'm sure other people
have naturally less hair than me but I
also shave and I'm sure people have less
body hair than me - I have somebody here
alopecia what's the no hair disease yeah
yeah no there
what's this or there's people who can't
even grow eyebrows right right
or what about albino folk I think they
have trouble growing hair too so there
there are many Boulder folk than me yeah
everyone here is talking about the
yellow peaches I know they chromatid my
head out when we were on the best of the
worst set it happens it happens
ooh Lord Belmont did you give us a steam
gift of the seventh Tower
I'm opening steam now Sonny come over my
about my desk
now you work hard trying to keep that
punk off from an exam oh what a shame it
was all for naught frustrating my man
does the best job and doing some dummy
just screws it up I mean that Taylor oh
what an idiot I wouldn't want to trust
that tower guard girl water fountain why
the fuck is he our guard you know you
know to review all the Hoffman file why
are they close look at that what book
that was impounded along this Cadillac
get it from Ross in the evidence lockup
that's a good idea
check it out and get back to me I I have
some other releases investigating we
next meet laughter no idea I like you
Jimmy Stewart police chief my Jimmy
Stewart has lost some of its its shine I
used to do a much better team Stewart
yeah Jimmy Stewart you should be able to
do that voice really good no smoke
nobody used to be oh yeah sorry sorry to
all many apologies to all wait hold on
whoa yeah okay hold on he wanted me to
grab the book and bring it back right
yeah I just want a look here
he's ghost meat gutless wonder initiate
plan three right of course played three
poker with JB that's been done there's
an X there right evaluation of drug
saturation plan that's been done has
been done cash profit total phone east
coast
meet gutless wonder right initiate plan
three okay me setup HD gambling that's
gambling in high definition
initiate plan for dealer are oh oh that
was the guy we just brought in I think
right didn't he have like a something
that was done Cindy $100
was there another LW meet NW boss
Ronnie worst and Laura watts just a
partner is the other girls love you mo
lunch with the Robert and W boss is
gonna be something yeah Robert G
Rossiter RG what's another $2,000
collect our G from Curt oh yeah yeah
lunch with Robert G discipline amazing
amazing
I'll return it to evidence I needed to
keep that for been yeah we need to we
can just take it but borrow book
checkout book so anything about evidence
lockers in the manual I'm on it
okay let's see here handcuffing
procedures driving codes of a one arrest
uniform personal hygiene
check out notebook how can you do that
how can you do that there's no like take
notebook can you type like take notebook
I don't know
wait a minute there's not there's
nothing in here about that okay okay
yeah we know he's new whatever
oh yeah I hear your little sweetheart is
in the can
what so yeah I think your friend sweet
cheeks maybe may be able to help us out
oh sweet paid for a few times worth
every penny I don't have sex with her I
just hold her and cry kind of Lysol with
you know got I hear that thing out oh I
have a peculiar fetish I make her fart
on my feet it seems our drug problem is
emanating from the hotel Del foreo that
they think it's a fighter feet take it
too far
loafer current state of affairs I bet
Sweet Cheeks mikata ass would be willing
to help you establish your cover at the
hotel go over to the jail and see if
she'll help you out with the hotel
operation when you get back hold a
briefing on the operation I'll call the
jail and arrange everything for you oh
great
Escobar doesn't get you far in this
particular game no no a lot of Sierra
games I use that all the time sure sure
you gonna like get like elaboration on
things oh okay not here
nope oh no they want you to figure it
out it for your damn self follow the
manual follow that damn manual
why am i driving the shitty undercover
car she was driving my Corvette
really you have your Corvette I don't
know why you're not it doesn't make any
sense to me
but hey that's I mean that's your call
you know that's your call that's your
call
sorry I've been trying to log into steam
for like the past 10 minutes huh oh yeah
someone because someone sent me a gift
none of the jail an awful lot in this
game you're a cop I can only assume cops
spend time at the jail
you're a cap when you're a cap you're in
jail I mean what that doesn't make any
sense
you are goofballs many goofballs
I'm unlike so many goofballs okay all
right
why are we at the at the gym sweet
cheeks sweet cheeks
she got good hook good old sweet cheeks
talk to that basketball guy be like hey
that hurts some dickhead pushed you down
kind of sucks to be you hmm hmm yes I am
steam gift Oh activation finally that's
a longish game what it's a lot longer
than Space Quest this yeah oh yeah
that's not a complaint just oh no and I
was saying finally because I finally
received the I don't I don't know if
we're gonna get through it
tonight ah the seventh the seventh
guests and the eleventh hour these are
games on our list of games to play we
have them now thank you thank you thank
you thank you okay oh my god well it's
about time bonds exclaims the jailer
that gal and cell one has been whining
like a lonely puppy for you do your best
to calm the girl down will yes Sonny I
don't get paid enough to listen crap
apparently you don't get paid enough to
keep criminals in jail either you're
gonna pay enough lousy you're giving a
job Lord Brahma yes thank you ooh as you
approach this sell one Sweet Cheeks
pacio and says she says Oh precious I'm
so happy to see you I don't know if you
want to do it come here and talk to me I
need your help Sonny yeah I'm sorry
Sonny but I got picked up by operation
trick trap I just knew you had a penis
oh wait I thought that was operation
trap trick my bed trap brick I know you
warned me but I thought that operation
was over I'll do anything to get out you
love to do anything for 20 bucks that's
kind of what got you in here that first
place how much will that cost me well
sweet lips you exclaim was that how to
what because I don't know bad shit I
have know a sec Mac yes this is the
woman from earlier in the game who we
got information from I am sorry precious
I just I couldn't resist you do that all
the time
it's my manliness the other good man
left in this town the town of hippies
type in Mary hooker what we marry the
hooker Mary the hooker snip allure alert
I think it happens off-camera so it's
not really a spoiler yeah oh man that's
hilarious
well please get me out of this place
please please
unzip pants big deal big deal on your
pants I don't
okay I'm suffering adventure game
fatigue what do we do how do we freeze
this well we came down here to get her
to help us right ask for help
sure or just help oh please tell me what
to do
she needs to Hotel something she needs
to take us to the hotel how can you do
that oh you're supposed to let her out
right you're supposed to take her to the
hotel get over there I'll open the door
get over there is that what he said I
got her opened door get over there I'll
open the door I agree Colonel rich
Colonel rich mustard you cannot ask or
tell open door you cannot ask or tell
you cannot ask ask
give me something tell me what to do
tell tell girl what to do
open cell door unlocked door give me a
this place you need to she needs to help
you because they're at the hotel yeah
she's part of the hotel operation I I
don't know those nose are 42 we're not
gonna open the pod bay doors unzip pants
I let's see here okay too much new key
says type help me with the hotel
operation
nope Oh Sonny I'll help you do anything
thank you so much you have any trunks
also cuz I could use I need really good
do you have heroin cuz I'm addicted to
heroin that's the thing Krieger seven
Krieger 73 says this is where these
games break down sometimes there is very
specific logic like the gamer lies yeah
yeah yeah
embarassed you feel as though all the
blood in your body has rushed to your
face that's not exactly what happens it
rushed somewhere you explain the you
know you explain the arrangement of
Sweet Cheeks immediate-release to Sweet
Cheeks as soon as you're released I want
you to go to the police station for a
meeting with the tenant Morgan got that
okay he's Sonny
it says the jailer and a loud voice
you've been messing with my female
prisoners or did you start wearing
lipstick today oh I get it yeah yeah
yeah because you kissed you were kissing
kissing ladies Morgan just called sent a
car over for Sweet Cheeks me and would
you know about lipstick that you've
never seen a woman my mom used to put it
on me when I was younger I don't know
why made me feel funny
honey are you still in the jail talking
to you have you ever eaten this music
amusing you know sometimes you have to
commit to the bit rich yeah Thank You
Ricardo have incite I was good you know
a little quieter it was appropriate for
me to not respond yeah you know wasn't
the funniest bit but I went with it your
radio crackles your radio crackles 83
neuro 10 respond to captain Cove
officers on scene need ID of 187 victim
where's cotton Cove jack we called 187
on a motherfuckin cop all right hold on
respond to cotton Cove cotton Cove going
to the map cotton cotton
what's cotton Cove
it's a place it's gotta be something a
park I'm assuming it's a different Park
but I'm not sure
that's not the Parker that we're at
wasn't it I don't know I mean I'm
assuming it's somewhere different but I
could be wrong
there's no um there's no like cotton
street and I don't see any buildings
named cotton Cove I see a building named
hotel and I see a building named Carlos
castle is there anything else that
sounds or looks like a park we can go to
it's a park I don't I don't know like a
cotton code sounds like a park to me it
could be wrong
I have I just okay that's okay that's
okay unless it's the hotel no that was
that had a different name serve with a D
sure is there a beach in this game on
yeah cotton Cove sounds like it's a
waterfront place River Road is on the
bottom so maybe cotton Cove is down
there I have no idea it's not there oh
okay well there's a beach Parkway Drive
oh it's on Park wager no no that's where
I am now
yeah okay no you're on poem well now I
am before when i radioed in it was not
it was turned I turn to the car you see
oh okay
that's the thing you can do that is the
thing you can do that's the hotel down
there I'm assuming oh yeah that was the
hotel that doesn't look like a cotton
cove is cotton Cove motel that's the
coffee shop
it's at the bottom they're saying it's
at the bottom of the screen sinnerman
says it's at the bottom screen
cinnamon we're trusting you not like we
know anything better Oh also save
they're saying I think I did I'll do it
again yeah fuckin on it oh you have to
redo them back oh it did it just say
where Oh if you radio back it would tell
you where to go that dickhead okay idea
buddy
you would go oh man not this guy jacks
up bummer
look at him looking fucking jack oh he
is tweaked to shit good to see you Sonny
he says he got a ripe one here but no ID
since it did you arrested since you're
the guy who booked him welp you can
identify him
well sign is this Steve is this Jason to
selling or not easy way to find out
to mark Boudreau because the emergency
lights flashing and the Kevin body and
the clearing clouds the natural beauty
of gotten cold the body is covered by a
blanket which you can clearly see with
your own damn eyes and you didn't need
to type that in to search and look
around at that because it's just you can
see it's right there kind of detective
ice you lift the white blanket and
examine the swollen body it resembles
Jason to sully whoever you can't be sure
remove shirt yeah to the soggy shit piss
slowly from his chest but his left
nipple you spot the flower tattoo which
confirms your identification nice are
you doing that's it man are you going to
inform dispatch as Steve that's a good
idea Steve gonna do that cat I know what
cops do I am one so shut up and keep
your opinions to yourself you keep the
radio dispatch this is 83 door at 10
and by the way Nora's a girlie name we
need to change them report positive ID
on body of one Jason to sully 10 a cat
and cold your radio crackles Ted 483
Nora 10 that's an awful lot of numbers I
just said
dispatch copies 1022 APB Jason too silly
thanks honey
I am SETI I'm talking to myself now
thanks City
advice corners and road 10:19 her
lieutenant Morgan I said to myself it
really should have been young job well
handcuffed Jack he did it questions are
we required to wait for the coroner well
talked to Jack now he's sitting there on
googly-eyed look at Jack look at Jack
alright doctor talk to him you'll have a
great conversation I'm sure he doesn't
he doesn't look like much meat talks
thanks for your help City this is Steve
I was talking to Jack Steve Oh Steve's
in cahoots seen the wax out of your ears
Steve's in cahoots he's covering for
Jack I'll ruin a man's talking to you in
that well maybe turn to Jack talk to him
no seddie Steve that's not gonna be
Steve you're not the guy had tried to
duck - what's wrong with you what's
wrong with your face
Steve Steve what's your last name
buttinsky
Steve had problems big problems
jumpin river how can you do it
wha-what gun casings are what I would
even look for evidence right wat walk
slowly into River drowning yourself that
was the best animation that's great yeah
that's and by the way that's just how
the story ends
that's how the game ends is that how the
night ends right I mean we gonna top
that is it only 10:30 and there's a
chunk of game left and I'm I'm kind of
I'm kind of adventure game doubt that's
a great place and yeah
you dying in the river it's a great
place to ended now everyone understands
my text games rules absolutely Oh bother
that little his little drowning ovation
just look at it again
that's just great okay oh that's great
all right we'll finish this next time
yeah yeah but uh but thank you thank you
ever oh wait we have some new
subscribers
yeah that's right shadow feline Jack and
Keith were just like well that was the
choice he made now he has to deal with
it read reread some no big deal no Quinn
some niak Harry Fed Ex men's side no I
read that one oh okay so week three you
got you got rethink this is fine that's
fine
it's really not a big deal Marc Besson
lone Breton lumber Hyundai can't be
right hello any are Parkin LUN loader
are gone puffy the air bag bear thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we've really - oh and jumpin
Deer River thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it thank you to all
the new subscribers thank you to all the
old subscribers and thanks to everyone
else who just came out we really
appreciated this is a really fun game
and I hope you enjoyed us playing well
we'll be back on Wednesday hopefully
with either
some more this or some more something
else well do something simple do
something I don't I know Karen's gonna
be in town and the first week of June
okay we're at flame monster party
monster party yeah
all right probably some other nest games
- all right at the very least some
monster party and a Karen episode all
right that sounds great all right good
night everyone
why are we not we're not doing a
fake-out
