Feb 17, 2015
Strafe
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3838258
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4zZRQh2CLg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/567875077057941504

[Part I]
instead of like I'm not gonna record
this because that oh we've done so many
things I guess I could I could record
and stream that seems like a waste hello
it does it does seem like a waste
hello if if people can hear us yes what
I don't know what rate you have to talk
I'm gonna talk um hello everybody
Jack Jack wants to play a little bit
more strafe so we're gonna play a little
bit more strafe I'm I'm at home with the
ship internet so I will not be playing a
taste rave tonight this is this is all
going to be Jack he is going to attempt
to be first place on all three of the
leaderboards that that is the goal
denied first place all three
leaderboards Jack thinks he can do it in
five hours it's a done deal
it's gonna happen that is just not even
close okay just tweet it out I read I
see a real Aussie screen okay great
you see screen great you see strafe no
no you know I I was talking about
wanting to play this some more in
general and maybe getting a bonus stream
in just so I could get some more
playtime in if anyone follows us on
Twitter you saw that rich got on the
leaderboard for yes moments and then
after you got on the after you got oh oh
oh I should do this so you can hear the
game music after you got on the
leaderboards
they released speed zone live to
everyone not just streamers
and-and-and Makar you said somebody took
a screenshot right they did that Johnny
I think I was on the leaderboard for
less than an hour I had I had a five
minute run that put me on on like the
fourth place and then I had like a four
minute 58 run and then I had a four
nineteen run and then I had a 319 run
and then within within half an hour I
was tied for last place with a 359 run
and then I was just caught yeah yeah and
and you can see now like look at this on
machine gun bad cluster has under two
minutes on 150 you're gonna you said you
said you told me this you're gonna beat
that time by bite by 10 seconds rich you
are a liar here's my actual goal I have
one goal in palm strafe today and that
is just I haven't I have been editing
I've been editing in the next episode
during the episode the stream the last
stream no no I got close I got really
close but I never made it exactly to the
end so that's my only hope and and rich
you know I was debating whether or not
we were gonna stream tonight rich said
he had some things he wanted to talk
about so I'm gonna play we're gonna talk
to together why not I don't know okay
Chad I I have a question I want to take
a quick poll was I'm curious about
something because last time when we
played strafe you know they did not have
the option to invert the y-axis and that
was throwing me off all right so I am
curious how many people in the chat clay
inverted if you play inverted just just
one word just just type in inverted and
if you play I guess I'll just call it
regular just type in regular and just in
case you're a switch-hitter I don't know
if people do this they both
so first off I'm curious how many people
play included sure sure
cuz you you do on on you play with a
trilogy for them right Jack I'm
controller I clean I'm wondering how
much of a a minority we are yeah it's
it's like three people and just about
everybody else is regular and I will
tell you this soon with this game with
this game I am seeing kind of the
because all for this play the first day
I played with a mouse yeah because I
have to because they don't have
controller support and so I'm starting
to see advantages advantages absolutely
I get it when playing with the mouse you
know up his off sound has done
everything got plenty ways yeah I was
playing straight and I was playing it
the regular way because I could not
invert right and by the end of the night
right remember I said I was kind of
hitting me used to it I'm kind of a
little bit weird but I didn't feel as
weird as it did when I started right so
you know we had that stream and then
after the stream I was bound and
determined to get on the leaderboard for
shotgun and so I played it for like
hours afterwards and I was really
starting to get used to the
non-invertible preg of the controller
right so you know I mean I made the
leaderboard III attain my goal III took
a screen grab of it I went to bed right
next next day next day I wake up and I
was gonna play just a round of two of
Orcs Must Die before heading into the
studio and inverted felt weird
I was a player must die and I kept you
know it's said to importance you know I
didn't change any settings on that and I
would go to look up and I would look
down so oh my god strafe has kind of
half switched me
o-tama clumped is calling oh my god we
should answer hello
ha tom is calling again guess what we
made our gone
yeah we're 190 right now I said I just
came to say fuck yeah Tom your granny
damn game has has flipped my head around
you flip my fuckin head around what have
you done to me my brain oh man well I'm
talking with the chat now right because
I had to play non-inverted because no
it's the pre-alpha you didn't have that
option in there yet yeah and I kind of
started to get used to it I went to play
a different game like the next day with
my normal settings and everything felt
all weird what the fuck is this yeah
yeah well I'm glad I could help
ruin you or bring it I guess to the
right side I don't know I don't look at
that yeah we'll have the option in there
in case you ever like grow back I don't
know in general but while you're here
well we'll talk about you and
congratulations on the Kickstarter I've
heard I haven't checked it yet but I've
heard you made it yeah I just looked it
up all you guys we're talking you're at
198 with a 185 I don't have the means of
typing anything up right now because I'm
in the middle of another job finishing
up but but yeah we're probably going to
throw out some a lot of people asked for
like PayPal options because I guess
Kickstarter isn't for everyone
so we'll probably continue that on a
little bit and then
you know throw people some stretch goals
for sense now that we have the money to
develop the game we're going to
hopefully you know get enough money to
add in coop and mod like mod tools' so
people can actually add shit to the game
that they want to put in there like
levels textures boobs you know whatever
Jack and I would love to play co-op like
a blind leading the blind
you know we can retexture the whole
thing to look like episode 1 and 2 oh
god please don't do that
so we just retexture everything green I
gotta go back to work I just wanted I
saw you guys are streaming and wanted to
to share the good news so awesome
awesome alright well thanks for sure you
guys too later how amazing
rich are you still there I would not
hold on I put it right on hold yeah my
back rich sorry yes we're gonna hold out
today
everything's fine now everything's fine
now how great how great that's that they
made their blinds tom tom was such a
good sport last night I don't know if he
realized what he was getting into
calling us I don't know if he realized
like how biggest mooks we were but what
a good sport isn't talking with all of
you guys I mean he sees his playing his
game we can't even manage to get on an
elevator did you guys stop I don't know
if you saw during he updated the the
kick started to release this level to
everyone and in the update he said now
listen guys if you don't know what it's
your motivator is some people have been
getting stuck which basically just meant
jack is an idiot I guess it fun I have
no issue with elevator but clicking on
the ground to activate it that way
what did what did the doom elevator do
how do you mean get up just it's thing
you don't take you up with the next
level no yeah you have to look down and
and like click on the ground to activate
the elevator no but I mean you just got
on it and it would go up it's timed your
timeline the meta but someone might have
been you just activate it once you got
on it okay I am NOT doing great yeah I
mean well you only get one run surprise
surprise yeah anyway back back to what I
was talking about about being inverted
okay so you were playing or my formal
way found it felt wrong right now I'm
currently in some kind of Masai state
between the two it's like even you know
playing strafe or it works must die
sometimes don feels like up up feels
like down it's like I haven't been fully
flipped but I am I am sitting in a gray
area between bits and sure it was like a
little epiphany for me because I never
even thought it was possible I always
thought it was like these gaming
equivalent to handedness you know left
or right-handed I didn't think it was
even impossible to flip yourself so for
one it was it was weird that that would
happen at all like what the fuck what
the fuck what the fuck is going on with
my brain
yeah yeah great times doctor you know
I'm sorry
he told you yesterday you can't go up in
there or you'll be trapped
it was thing yes no is that what he said
you do that you do that right okay so
you head out as you had always assumed
that shit I was doing I was I was doing
this run so you had always assumed that
you were either inverted on and ya wife
effort or once you release the one or
the other that was kind of it yeah that
was that was the assumption I hey I was
always running under and so this this
this was kind of blew my mind and the
thought came to me that I should just go
with him and become you know in a normal
non important employer because every
time I start a new game it's like first
thing I always have to do going to the
option menus click convertible always
every time every game option menu click
inverted and then every now and then
look like like with this photo version
of strafe you get a game where you can't
football you're stuck with the normal
controls
and so it sounds a mild pain in the butt
like in Red Dead Redemption you have
like these raw segments for you know
you're dueling with a guy and you have
to reach down your gun and pull it up
and the controls are you move the
controller down reach down to the gun
and then you pull up to bring the gun up
and aim it which which is it doesn't
work quite right if you play inverted
because you still have to press down to
reach down for the dummy and then in
order to start pulling the gun up you
have to hit up but then because your
controls are inverted the gun instantly
starts pointing itself down right it's
kind of like like an extra flip to get
the gun to look up when you're playing
in 30 and read their production in the
Ghostbusters joke right
you can you can play inverted but it's
like when you're trapping a ghost in my
head I always still want to pull down to
move it into the trap it's like I don't
pull up on that and that's always been
like a weird thing so I I'm giving
serious thought into inverting myself
but I was like I hit out like identity
crisis right when I had that why is it
all here why I played inverted the only
way I've ever played and then I when I
considered switching it was like I
ripped out a small part of my identity
in my my my second reaction after
learning I could invert was no like I
can't do that that's part of who I am
I'm in my brain my brain came in and
said yo you you never drink the kool-aid
you don't you don't do things just
because so that's right rich you know
what
judo is know why I should probably
embrace the change right new discoveries
equal so I'm I'm curious what the chat
bug should i revert myself
inverted should should I should I let
this change happen this fundamental
change in my brain or do I fight against
it are there any food like particles or
actual Studies on like is there any kind
of natural and current advantage to one
way or the other like if I if I if I
switch to normal mode well will my aim
never quite as good
well I lose something if I flip are
there are there any anything resembling
a study that has been done about this my
others there's the other reason I'm on
the fence right I do occasionally like a
good flight sim like like TIE fighter or
the upcoming star citizen mm-hmm and
Sims normally play inverted anyway just
like flight controls right if I flip
myself
well I ruin star citizen for my brain
that is an important question written
question and so um that's all happy and
I wanted to bring this up this is
fascinating I never even thought this is
possible so you so you don't think that
you could like turn it on reflection I
mean there's like Planck's three if I
couldn't turn it right off then display
normal right I mean it took hours and
hours before I even got kind of adjusted
and they're not completely adjusted
right now like I said I'm currently in
some kind of inverted non-inverted gray
area or sometimes I'm sure
and I'd hate to have it be if I get used
to the new way of doing it that I
suddenly can't play TIE fighter that
would that would be depressing fearful
sludge boy thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
oh I didn't hear what the fuck what's
going on it depends on whether or not
the movement is instant I just looked
over when the new subscriber happened I
don't know I just saw it in the chat hmm
I don't know rich this ends this is a
whole this is a whole different problem
for me because like a sampling with a
mouse for the first time ever and so for
me like learning how to do this feels
very natural the one thing I was
thinking about is how much I get for
mouse I'm not super thrilled with too
much hand that's kind of the point
yeah aim is the most important thing is
shooting oh sure but it seems like I can
get a similar amount of aim with less
if I if you want afraid trackball I
don't know if you I guess will be the
only person to use crack ball ah no I
can't I don't think that one's very
popular trackball Canada and if if I if
I D invert my soul my brain with a mouse
you know when I end up do playing
something like vanquish in a console
well that will let me birth soon in my
head or am I just gonna be all kinds of
you fucked up
I'm basically I'm constantly thinking
about it you're minting with my brain
okay
I like that you're thinking about it
simple you know I heard about mothers in
school they're telling us about a like
experiment they did where they took
these people and for a month they were
wearing these these special goggles 24
hours a day right you know these special
goggles did okay they flip the image so
they saw everything upside down
they got useful
and they could do everything just fine
writing signing checks jogging around it
after like I think it was less than a
week I didn't want to say it was a
relatively short amount of time the
their brains completely adjusted to it
you know and and when they had to take
the goggles off there was an adjustment
adjustment period to get back to normal
I would I would 100%
I'm just I'm just worried about meeting
I was trying to move a little fast
oh yeah any time if you just want to
beat if you're not going for the high
score or just take I mean I can't
remember to strafe you remember to
strafe always be strafing no I'm
strafing I'm 100% strafing and you know
I am also like cheapy using I'm using
grenades I'm using grenades like they
are going out of style
I never want to call GP because it's
like that's this bill I can I can etch
my hand oh you should about family
nature well your obvious I'm using the
mouse though oh no I got to speed up
whoops that's not good
you just not gonna do you any good I'm
not see grenades grenades spam grenades
all sort of station yes all right all
right I'll dime this that's I know all
you have to die everything's fine all I
have to do is not back come on meridiem
says hey previously recorded can I send
you guys a copy of the game for working
on you can do that there's no guarantees
that's that's really true
get out of here
we need to use a boot disk technology I
think that - Virgil this games reference
I hate I don't know sure I'm not a
hundred percent sure all the time what's
joking that's not Joe yeah
sarcasm is very hard to detect
okay I'm at 60% I'm at that door that
gets me outside do you think I'll be
able to
oh crap if not you can always come back
and close some stragglers you're not
actually going for a time at this point
so no I can't I'm at six minutes already
that's great everything's great
everything is awesome all the time okay
great 72% we're doing fine guys
everywhere okay well yeah but there was
a guy right in front of me I didn't know
okay okay
seventy-five percent you just worry
about you usually worry about getting to
exit one piece that's all no probably
just naturally do it on the way there I
have here at 75 now I'm hoping
oh god oh god no backup and I'm 100%
okay with that okay I made it to 81% I
do like that
I don't know if this is something that
more Oh back off back off and take John
take the time I don't know if this is
something that will be implemented they
have to nerf that it needs to take or
something minima said flat out that it's
not gonna be infinite ammo and final
build
but that ammo won't be scarce so I'm
assuming I'm assuming it will be yes
that grenade spam won't be a thing oh no
rich echoing yell hard I can't see it
yet a lot you'll see it in a second I
got I got caught in a glitch in the
elevator
that's okay that's okay I got out I
jumped out
Oh help
okay I'm at a hundred percent health it
might be this way yeah I might do this
oh good good people saying they can't
run this game because this game it's
probably completely
oh right in fact like that was the
majority of our discussion was like how
buggy the game is yeah I mean they
didn't want they didn't want to release
this this was a a desperation move right
this was a III always right now is my
video is loading big my internet sucks I
don't even know where you are Jack oh
did you find a secret up in that
elevator I don't know is that not the
exit apparently not
oh oh there's a door over here no man
there's a door okay
what are your goal that you want to
complete it with every weapon I mean I
it looks like I'm I'm getting close to
completing it now goal number one is
completing the game
that is goal number one just make that
through the game which shit shit shit
which now just to clarify things jack
because people in the chat aren't sure
are we still streaming it might not be
like we could stop streaming literally
at any moment because this is just a
bonus I wanted to play a little extra oh
we wanted to play a little extra their
Kickstarter was still going on and had
made it yet yeah yeah we'll play more
okay okay
I did it I mean you know 10 minutes and
30 seconds if you hear here's the thing
fearful sludge boy I did get your
message about waiting on our our button
prompt episode for the release of the
order 1886 because rumor has it that it
is very quick time event heavy rock
cutscene heavy and and I think I'm
comfortable doing this information slip
but the order 1886 will be our next full
episode which should be huh so you
probably hear what we have to say about
it anyway Oh solid baked thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
hey I see axe bein pledged $15 to the
strafe Kickstarter and they made it oh
I'm excited
rich rich and I also pledged to the
Kickstarter as previously I was pledged
because I saw the video of the game
running and it looked fun as simple as
that they might they might they might
not even finish it probably will but you
know it looks fun I'm willing to give
them the chance to make the game if and
if they
finish it we now have their personal
contact in freed of Kickstarter's I mean
they can be a gamble but I mean if you
want to see a game you like get made
take chance what's what's you know
Rich's rule in general even if it's not
kick-started a game might not be good
and make a game might not be finished it
definitely won't be made if you don't if
they don't make yeah
they blow yourself up gonna be below
your set time I had one successful run
the buzzer with coke and I took my time
more of this yes yes more of this I'm
sorry you don't like this bonus stream
you know where the area how dare you
give me this bonus content
it's also it's not like we were hiding
that move I know you said you said the
other day that donor might at some some
date this week not around all this dream
date play this a little more and here
are oh yeah and this is what I you know
I guess what I'm saying is settled down
the the railguns secondary fire may look
sweet but it is very easy to blow
yourself up very easy it's it's in fact
too sweet why it's so sweet that you
want to use it all the time but yourself
because I don't know if you notice but
like when they're shooting at you
they're their fire will detonate the
secondary if you can assume you can
shoot this way ahead radio but if it
hits one of their projectiles to gross
you you will blow up yeah like I just
lost half my health because a partially
charged secondary hit the rail
you got help who there are Nosal creator
self
yeah but like the crickets like tonight
over and I think it went into the low
bar I think the help went into the law
which I can't complain about because we
know this is an incomplete build of the
game so people wanted us to be more
critical the other night I'm like no
it's really not that's really not fair
and nie and I was watching the post chat
and it wasn't people wanting us to be
more critical okay apparently there was
one person who wanted us to be more
critical than cap d I can about it no
this is rich and I understand what an
early build is and like we were talking
about with the dev it would be like it
would be like criticizing a movie for
seeing on from a footage raw raw tapes
of a film doesn't have the music or
effects Holland's
maybe may be tough music out right
exactly so now rich
rich and I are lucky enough where we get
to play this this array we are going to
continue to be grateful for that you
might be stuck again you might be
stepping in acid no no that's okay see
where you're at
maybe oh yeah looks like I like it
there's a little like acid
I'm low on helping this relevant you
know I think the railgun needs a tighter
reticle cuz it is the sniping weapon you
know yeah right in front of a food
source
it's enough how can you feel exactly
guys like if this isn't even alpha this
is pre alpha this is life this was yes
this was desperation to make the
Kickstarter we need to release this to
get interest in the Kickstarter and also
this is a proof-of-concept build that
I'm having an incredibly fun so if I'm
having this much fun with a broken thing
did you try walking down the that first
ladder you walk and do walk a little bit
up ladder and then just walk it down
don't jump off
obviously there's something it wouldn't
be saying anything
it's enough that like the second room
you walk in do before you yeah yeah just
clip through everything you could see
the whole level from like space
maybe just some pop my computer
interesting okay there it is beautiful
look at it but you know what you can
find back up hilarious someone email
sure I'm sure he knows I'm sure he knows
that his highly embarrassed about I'm
sure he's fine
that is Oh
note that can know that also like a
thing like that has now made it yeah
hold on I need to restart clipping like
that has caused my computer to sneeze
okay okay yeah it is not happy with that
okay I'm gonna try to do railgun if I
can if I can have it like the other
thing about this build is it's in some
people things people should know if they
haven't played this build is it's in
window hit all done to windowed mode and
it alt enter huh oh no my mouse yeah you
can go fullscreen that won't be a
problem
yeah can i if I hit enter
yeah oh my god right I can go fullscreen
hold on that might have up the stream
okay okay hold on hold on oh my god this
is this is a whole new world rich okay
pause momentarily please enter and then
alt tab to OBS great give me a minute
guys
give me gosh darn minute I've been
playing in window mode did not know that
until now but the entire I'm used I'm
yeah I'm used to Windows that's that
that's fairly natural tonight
and playing in window mode this whole
time oh this is great oh this is great
yes I've been playing in this tiny ass
window the whole time and my mouse keeps
clicking out every two seconds this is
me not being a first
oh yeah this is not like good luck for
anybody watching this you get you can
you can you can download this right now
yeah and they did make it open to
everybody right they've they made it
open there absolutely everyone
downloaded play it get on that
leaderboard if you can if you can which
by the way there are it's way too
intense right yeah the competition has
gotten stiff since they made it open to
everybody yeah which is great I think
it's great I think that's the whole
point
also just look at all the exploding
people I think this is all shades of
quake 2 today yeah yeah oh oh oh myself
of course your did you using the the
railgun
I was using the railgun and only alt on
the old firing all right here we go
railgun on it up railgun it up yes I was
I've been editing the next episode yeah
oh yeah I I've been working on some
miniatures for space country and while
I've been doing that I've been I've had
Netflix on and I've been rewatching
wager Star Trek Voyager they should they
should retitle that show missed
opportunities
they do everything wrong ever everything
the way the way things get resolved the
way story arcs work like there was your
did you watch my version hi within the
past couple of years Lisa and I
rewatched those remember do you remember
the running long-running Cisco plotline
Cisco was them Oh God you know the
Bajoran on the ship who was really ended
up turning out to be a Cardassian and
then she left wager and teamed up with
the caissons and she was she was trying
to get her hands on Voyager and she had
Chico taze baby and it was just a
long-running plotline for two seasons
right and then the climax of that
storyline is a guy who was a guest star
on one episode who saves the day
Chakotay who's supposed to child was at
stake he spends he spends the whole
finale of that plotline stranded on a
planet he's he's fighting caveman with
Janeway well while a guest star is the
problem
the flashback episode were were to
battery lives as days from the Excelsior
with Zulu it's like instead of him
learning some great truth about himself
and and and whatnot you know he has
virus at the doctor cures open mind old
thing with Jane Wayne to vodka that
didn't really do anything they do
everything wrong on that show yep you
remember the tuvok's episode with the
transporter accident merged Tuvok and
Neelix oh do you mean the best episode
ever the best episode where the
conclusion of the episode is just
Janeway just straight-up murders to fix
to fix is actually begging for a while
she has her armed guards escorting him
to be ripped in two it's hilarious
Anna let's not forget the fucking
salamander episode where we learned that
when you go too far done you turn into a
salamander yes you super do something
like that right fuck you Voyager fuck
you for wasting a great show because I
like my show because I enjoy to walk in
general
I'm blowing everything I know Janeway
can murder to mix but have some fucking
consequences what I want to say like
didn't later on in that very same season
they wanted to like murder someone else
he was along the lines but hey it
happened I'm not very good last one I
watched had Tom Paris and came remembers
named his character has such a non
personality bag Harry Kim where we're
trapped in Italy in prison and you know
they got these things on their brain
that are scrambling their brain patterns
I mean how how are they going to get out
of this situation what are they going to
learn what how are they going to grow as
careful
Janeway just shows they didn't have any
idea what they were doing or how to run
a TV show Oh God
remember though that was like that was a
long UPN you know like they had probably
the zero budget for actual like
showrunners and so everyone was just
kind of making shit up as they they
start off with the premise was well you
know the Starfleet crew and the Maquis
crew they have they have to work
together but no no everyone just decides
they're gonna act like star food right
right away
every every once in a day is such a
pussy about him - he just instantly
starts sucking on Janeway's tip his only
purpose on that show is to be friends
owned by Janeway I wonder if I can
quickly decide
oh wait oh oh no there's a guy still
alive oh you fuck that was not a good
run no budget interact Babylon 5 I've
never seen Babylon 5 I've kind of
avoided it because I know they changed
main characters halfway through I don't
know how I feel about that I know they
can't help it what an actor decides he's
leaving the show but yeah start start
start watching it get invested in one
character and then I know halfway
through he's just gonna like vanish I
don't like that
blowing everything up
are you putting our name and just just
in case you pull off the speed in case I
mean it's not gonna happen but like what
if I like what if there's some sticking
achievement or something which there's
not like we know there's not fuck water
this is a game of whatever like what if
there's some sort of achievement for
life
I you know what I tried to kill 100% of
the enemies I could not I don't know
there's just some I couldn't find or if
it's a glitch highest I got was 90 days
he's won Ron I just time I trying to
find everybody and I could not maybe
they're hidden maybe it's secret they
said they'd like their secrets so it
also could be like top hidden in a
secret and also could be accessible
could be
Ajanta boom hedgehog not doing the brain
oh wait no this has
buggy buggy buggy
oh no that
okay here we go
I love it that it's the one that's
deceptively useful is the shotguns
secondary fire mostly because it can
rapid-fire yeah oh yeah I think for the
final game they need to kind of like
merge the secondary and primary fire of
the shotgun and then just come up with
his frag thing for the actual secondary
but the normal fire just feels too slow
and too weak she didn't quit or strong
but it is it is kind of neither my
shotgun runs I've almost only done the
secondary fire yeah stop butter don't
stop and I could do damn time right
that's what I said
I said don't stop
PME lol says I never watched TOS is that
bad it's not bad I mean I don't know if
I could recommend starting it now
because you would have the guts you
would certainly see it as being David oh
yeah and I grew up with it on reruns so
I'm okay with it there's a couple really
like there's a couple of very specific
episodes where sorry you need to see
what it was a really great there's it
like this is a really amazing Battle of
Tara sequence episode where they're
fighting enough battle tears something
of terror of goddammit of drama playing
of the name name name though it's more
the Romulans first one with the Romulans
right yeah yeah that is a great episode
and it's like you need not battle to
balance the balance of terror oh that
might be my favorite original series
episode it's pretty good when it's like
the way they hand it wasn't you it was
it was like submarine tactical we need
to do this
they weren't just they weren't just
flying around and shooting rapidly it
was it was it was very strategic well we
have to hide behind this cloud here and
then this will not detect us right and
so like you need to see it just for that
like you know the Romulans captain
wasn't just being evil and doing evil
things and he was just following his
orders and he was doing just very smart
things to try and outwit Kirk it was
great you know Jill that was a good spot
that
yeah oh yeah it's kind of weird watching
that it's why are they why are they
shooting at us box to head
what's the worst the original series
episode yeah the word space hippies is
my vote they basically had Spacek
because you were looking for planet even
so they were blatantly hippies okay
there's an extended sequence were Spock
stops to sing with them for this Vulcan
loop yeah it's awful
yeah people say Spock's marina but
that's that's this schlock it's not as
aggravating as they hid the episode
aliens be toward the enterprise and they
still have Spock's brain and the day
they steal his brain through his body so
looks like a remote control device in
Spock's empty head
so you Spock like a puppet bring with
them so they can find his brain to put
his brain back of his body they're
actually controlling Spock I don't know
brain like I said it's certainly not a
great episode yeah but it's not as bad
as a basic piece
wasn't as bad as face of these
oh yeah oh it flew you like through the
wall I see where the hell you've not
secretary fire by the railings which has
killed you before so I don't know why do
that again
it's early it's fine thick it's a fine
zone you know any anything on the
original series where they found a
planet that is identical to earth I'm
annoyed the planet that has Romans the
planet that has Nazis oh sure sure at
least the gangster planet they had an
excuse where somebody found a book on
gangsters and the culture was really
impressionable you know and these that
was excuse not like the Roman one that
that annoys me the one with the the
Yang's were basically supposed to be you
know Americans who and devolved after
the apocalypse but they they had the
Constitution and everything I mean for
practical reasons I I'm willing to buy
humanoid aliens and almost every alien
is humanoid all right I get it I get it
but having every alien planets being
nearly identical to Earth noise the hell
out of me sure absolutely it's you know
I hate to bring this up because I know
you know you're not super into it but it
you know very similar little doctor
who's had a fascination just I'm just
not into it you can bring it up flying
this yeah sure sure but it's it's very
similar where it's like man doctor he
sure does like England
you know a magical space wizard who can
travel anywhere in space or time spends
a lot of time in modern day
and the chef wants us to talk about Rick
and Morty have you ever even watched for
the morning
okay I saw the pilot see III like it but
I didn't watch so many episodes thing no
it's not much point in talking about it
because we can't everybody from
conversation right yeah it is like a fun
show I understand behind the scenes they
were pretty horrible in regards to like
the animation union or they were doing
where they were doing some shady things
I forgot what the details were but the
animators union was not happy with them
yea
so I don't know if I can get behind that
but the show was funny sure
Oh
well that's not all when judging a TV
show with humans unless you know you're
watching like a drama then probably
don't want it to be that funny this this
show about the Holocaust it's it's
really funny it's probably not ideal
let's that's what you do with a sniper
rifle right that's the whole point
stay back yeah take care of take care of
things from a distance if you if you
like this you know you need to play
quake quake 1 or quake 2 okay
because this was definitely inspired by
those traveling more so quite one with
this I think there's more projectile
based enemies and in quake 2 more things
shoot at you and it's not like the slow
bullets you know it's the instant hit
kind of thing and quick - yeah I'm great
too
like things
getting a little bit like most risk rich
tell us how much you love Scientology
since no Scientology performs a great
service it hurts all of the stupid
people together so we know where they
are you know all in one spot and that's
that's a very useful absolutely
the minute somebody says oh and I'm a
Scientologist oh oh and then you stop
listening to them and you can do
something else right yeah I don't have
to worry about
I you know I find it no more or less
offensive than any other organized and
it's more the Dumber ones
well no it's just one of the more recent
ones and stuff oh it seems them I mean
at least some of the other ones have
wood the illusion of legitimacy
legitimacy due to numbers you know
everyone believes it like boyhood
boyhood took 12 years to make well
creepy oh you've been around for a while
this you know these absurd claims have
only been around for 20 years
garbage or these certain claims have
been around for 2,000 years they're
obviously true why should happen I
really don't have any problem with
people who I feel I really I don't share
their feelings about faith but you know
i i'm not i'm not crusading for people
to give off their voice i really i
really don't give a shit what other
people believe that's good right
robot yeah their pens in the bar they're
hard to hit
it's like he's dead and breakdancing I
kind of love it
I was doing pretty well there for a
little bit and then this robot
oh yeah the robots I jump smoke was odd
jobs small jobs enlarged him no no no no
job yeah I don't you're thinking of Jaws
no I jobs large man with the head that
has the blade on it yeah in gold and I
in Goldeneye the Nintendo 64 game job
was a midget really are you sure that's
odd job and that's some other character
chat and in a Goldfinger I remember him
being large no no go golden ah that's
like yeah I'm checking entender 64 game
yeah I mean he was he wasn't large he
was a normal sized person he was large
you may be a little bit short but he
certainly wide it seemed like he'd be an
easier target
no no he wasn't he was a very tiny
person he's not funny if he's not that
tiny in the movie why would you make up
tiny in the I didn't make the game rich
cuz they wanted him you know he might be
a head shorter according to the chat but
the characters fat you think he could be
an overall a bigger target hate hate
hate or not you know what I also and I
know that game means a lot to you
okay okay well you know because I was
used to shooters it certainly wasn't of
revolution to me though I didn't like
the location-based damage I think it was
one of the earlier earlier games that
have characters react differently
they're getting shot the leg than they
did that you shot him in the chest
I gave a credit to that okay
of course my cell phone no I'm purpose I
blew myself up why you're like a hundred
and health and ninety shields just just
wait and you'll see what happens
morning I'm gonna try it just pull it
out as you wish
I'll just start over and try again
because you know what you know why
because before then I didn't even get
hit that was the real thing I was taking
a thousand at zero damage Chet if you
want to see more of Jim from Canada
you're going to have to pay his plane
fare and pay for a vacation from take to
get out here he lives in Canada and he
has a job in Canada in Canada here's the
jobs here's a job as a Canadian
look what people heated up cheese of
course it is they hated on Jim and now
they want him back
you can't shoot up high
we have even warmed up to him because of
the osteoporosis episode with the the
dance of osteoporosis it wasn't that one
yeah yeah it's the best of the worst
clasp yeah Linda and Betty window and
Betty get all my men backups
hey never works
first rule of comedy Jack nothing sacred
that's true that is something I believe
all that matters if you can make it
funny
you heard that something might be coming
to my offer for best of the worst I
don't know where you heard that it's
gonna be it's gonna be eight more weeks
for the next one stone eight more weeks
it should be out tomorrow on the
Facebook I know I know we posted three
stills from the three movies people
guess two of them right not saying what
the right answers were these people gets
two of them right as of last time I read
it
nobody had got the middle one day oh god
now I have to remember what the middle
one was well I can't I can't give him
yeah no you can't you can't tell me I
just have to because I remember the
three movies now I just need to remember
what we watched second
I think it's I'm shocked that anyone
even notice that I think that's great I
think it's familiar what the first one
that would be easy enough rich talk
about some bad episodes of T and G there
weren't that many overall T and G was
pretty damn flawless when she once you
get out of the first season I think you
have to wait until the seventh season
before you get some truly abysmal
episodes well what was bad before you
know not counting the first season what
was what was bad before before since its
that before I don't know and you know I
don't even think I wouldn't tell so I
would never tell somebody to start with
the first season yeah angel one the the
weird Tashi are tribal episode where she
fought in the ring with like a spike
gauntlet God there are some stinkers I
I'm one of those people know that I
always think you need to start Wesley
Crusher is at his worst awful
she's season 2 is this though yeah I
think I think yeah
when Troy gets pregnant like that is is
that the first episode of season 2 that
looks pretty bad
an alien impregnate stroyed the kid
grows up in like a date I mean a good
dad that was a I mean great in a
Sherlock he kinda way that's one of
those premises where you say and then
people are like what that's it somebody
saying any unlocks wanna try episode I
think that's just because you don't like
the house wanna which is a fair opinion
to have but I'm not gonna damn those
episodes as for a because I'm fond of
the character she's fun by season 3
TNG's hitting on all cylinders yeah yeah
I'm gonna say sure just because
you know me I'm really bad at like
remembering yeah
and then by season seven that's when I'm
just kind of out of ideas
it doesn't it's just not the same that's
when there's the Beverly crushers a lien
has been like doing something weird
things like all of the women and her
family and she's next one of my thoughts
on ds9 um it's all right sometimes
everything like it and sometimes I'm
kind of
it's fair
I could never get into the you know what
I watched Star Trek so I don't mind the
geopolitical stuff some of that can be
done right interesting especially when
the Romulans are involved
the Romulans make space politics fun
Mastercraft work and they're probably
working some kind of anchors and tethers
okay
as far as the JEM Hadar are concerned
the concept behind them is neat I don't
I don't necessarily love their designs
JEM Hadar yeah the JEM Hadar they were
the the enforcer aliens for the Dominion
but they everything about them just
looked really generic and stupid to me
oh look you can I found a place where
you can jump basically I don't think
their designs are very memorable yeah oh
you need to find the ceiling you can
jump through yeah I do about that some
power game besides my favorite TNG
character I'm gonna let you in a secret
data is not my favorite team G character
really I mean the only thing that that
keeps him from being evil is just a
little bit of programming it's like more
basically just turned his emotions on
and suddenly he's willing to murder
Geordi this there's something very
disturbing and off-putting about dated
me my favorite character and probably
all of Star Trek is Picard because he
yeah he he he walks the walk you know
he's he's not he's not federation
lip-service he believes in the diplomacy
and the message and the peace he's great
what what happened something terrible's
happened
going through that imaginary ceiling is
causing my game you stuttering it's up
I'm now running at like 20 frames per
second and you cannot handle it like you
can handle it with no I'm gonna die I
think there's no way I can handle this
amount of enemies one enemy came at me
and I'm down there's no no love for pork
down the stream orcas I think one of
Mike's favorite characters yeah this is
fun you know I like card more though not
traditional touch of a character at the
carnival this this proper British man
who wants to talk things over rather
than pull out gums calm down calm down
take it slow take it time take it slow
what slow no rich I it's moving at three
frames per second enemies are on me
before I can again see what's happening
here then you see me catch up start I
have to restart the m8 I was doing so
well that run I went through the
imaginary wall ceiling and it messed
things up don't you think the card was
too idealistic rich I mean he didn't
want to destroy the crystalline entity
yeah you could make an argument that he
was but that still makes him an
interesting character that's his
character he's the idealistic he's the
believer in in the Federation ideals and
yeah he should have destroyed the Borg
with you I'm not saying he always not
saying that his way is probably the
right way all the time just the fact
that he isn't willing to put his money
where his mouth is that's great yeah I
know he was French but Patrick Stewart
is still British he doesn't he doesn't
speak with a French accent
I thought I could pet or dismount
yeah she was French
I've never thought of him as French
because I've had pituitary
his name is jean-luc Jack yeah Patrick
Stewart is British therefore jean-luc
Picard in fact the fact I have a theory
that the reason he was so obsessed with
the card is because the card is idealist
because he is the Federation true
believer if if you're if you're an alien
who wants to test Federation ideals
cards the guy you want to go to and I
believe that is the reason you always
ends up on the enterprise
is his testing the best example of
Federation ideals yeah
this hoedown right here
yo that hoedown
Jake Emmett I'm going back to blowing
people up the whole I can't believe I
didn't die
what's good great yeah oh yeah good just
like
House car rich the buns it still runs
no major makes funny noise and I'm
afraid of it but it's the lumps yes
rich will there ever be another Mega Man
extreme maybe I haven't really thought
about like the series was way ever just
super super nintendo again might come up
rich seems ok Don Gately says he's
referencing first contact I will make
them pay totally believes in the ideals
of the Federation see ok this is why
that is specific why I hate first
contact the movies fucking ruined Picard
of course because he's not the same
was in the TV show which I want to say
something and that is that is precisely
the reason I hate next moves
as evolution
they're barely schlock they're 100%
slock
rich bitch with many exclamation points
which Star Trek what which start which
Star Trek is the most Star Trek II
extremely that's an important question
next job
yeah because TOS era and they talked
about peace and what not a great deal
but Kirk would just go and violate the
prime directive do whatever do as I say
not as I do
right next gen they followed reduction
yeah next-gen also like had it was like
they have the technical ability yes see
different aliens instead of just like
blue faith alien not even you know Navin
just the era but just just relatively
speaking it's not as cheap yeah
like I heard they had so little money
that the the original series costumes
came from a sweatshop it were violating
some Union rules with the the Wardrobe
was what I have heard I don't know if
it's true sniper is the railgun is not a
good weapon for dealing with those
jellyfish yeah yeah it's not a good
weapon for dealing with most enemies
like besides the the what do they call
the grunts or the yeah you know the ho
down enemy besides I pull down enemy the
railgun does not do well dealing with
you much unless an enemy is coming a
little right at you now now the chat is
saying Star Trek before is the best
movie sir Trek before has the best
gimmick let's take these games future
that we love but ever minded they have
it's a gimmick there you go see regular
things go on buses fun movie not it's
not totally a gimmick the best movie is
the Wrath of Khan but I don't know that
it's the best Star Trek story maratha
Khan is just some good old-fashioned
space opera stuff the best one that's
actually a Star Trek movie and the
motion picture nobody else loves it but
me but Star Trek the motion picture
actually feels like a Star Trek story
where it's it's movie about people
investigating some kind of unknown
phenomena and then using their brains to
solve the problems sure
so I think the motion picture is
actually the best Star Trek's story not
the best movie
I'm not going through the ceiling
getting all the help to answer another
question somebody asked John Crichton is
my favorite parsley character the show
does not work without John Crichton
I mean a separate house if achill okay
part six Russia part six is fun oh I
like the here yeah god forbid a show
should should cast their protagonist
well I mean it's almost an important
character in any TV show else but you're
also my sure what you feel as
passionately about Star Trek the motion
pictures might be seems to yes I think I
think years ago I was the one champion
Star Trek the motion picture I was
talking to Mike about it we're just
talking about sar Trek in general I've
always loved the motion picture
oh no some of us miss you jack who's
your favorite Farscape Kirk what's the
fucking the the farting puppet I don't
know the you know you know fuck
so fucking close that's stupid
all fire on that stupid fucking gun
first five episodes of Farscape is your
favorite rich was the facts in the first
five that one's pretty fun also the one
with the bounty hunters worth around
that kind of like desert planet with the
solar flares and John Crichton acts like
a bounty hunter who pretends to team up
with the other bounty hunters do not get
caught for the bounty hunters this John
Crichton is always doing some clever
shit doesn't always work but here so
he's trying to do clever shit that's a
fun episode I think that's in the post
for the first book first four five
first Cape is at its best when John
Craig is doing something desperate and
pleasure
I know I wasn't supposed to seriously
answer that question but I decided to
anyway because I like Farscape and I I
was thinking about what the answer might
Lee was I I think you were supposed to
seriously answer that question to this
man which doesn't because rich likes
that joke
there's a Firefly episode I don't know
if you're trying to bait me this has
come up before I haven't seen any
Firefly I've I've avoided it because I
know it's a beloved series that ends
early and abruptly and I don't I don't
feel like setting myself up to have my
heart torn out so I've actually I've
actually avoided the fire
which how would you feel about there
being a Netflix next-gen serious at the
original cast coming back they're all to
it it's I mean it's like 30 years later
they're all still on the same ship
that's just bizarre
that would be depressing depressing like
move on and the other thing cardigans
demoted it's like how long was fuckin
check off just that schmuck who flew the
ship me where do you through ladyboy
Zulu right check I was just like the
Navigator and he did that shit for 40
years no career advancement
god that's depressing same ship same job
no career advancement yes other person
in the chat and whose name I I lost
track of split Adam just just another
new good Star Trek show would be a fine
by me you know just another like good
sci-fi show like I feel like there's
very there's big deficiency in science
fiction in general
I ate doughnuts as rich wasn't your
heart torn out by the Phantom Menace not
really I was worried early on The
Phantom Menace because I know in in
Return of the Jedi where Luke is kind of
full-on Jedi Luke Luke turns into a
boring asshole
Luke basically loses his personality in
Return of the Jedi and just becomes I
know emotions and I will rescue your
father u-joint it's like you know none
of none of that kid from a new hope it
was left in boot by the time you get to
Return of the Jedi and I was worried
about a series of movies of prequel
series starring nothing but Jedi's who
are boring Chris I was worried about
that and it turns out I was I was
entirely right more was wrong with that
movie and I possibly could have imagined
but in addition to its other flaws I was
totally right about three movies about a
group of boring asshole monks boring
asshole monks
yes
and much like much like Picard if you
have just one boring-ass online with a
bunch of regular people then it's
interesting because like then the
regular TV program has interest emotions
and feelings the Jedi do not know I was
that was a little bit of hyperbole but I
was agreeing with you where it's like in
the first Star Wars movie we have one
boring asshole month right but everyone
else is in normal I'm fucking solos Luke
Luke still has his personality in a new
hope
shit
so the Phantom Menace was worse than I
could have imagined it being but it did
have the problems I thought it was going
to have in addition to everything else
did did wrong which was everything
empire organ empire and player might not
work with a new hope but Empire itself
is just amazing ok we're getting to this
point where the game is starting to
seize up a little bit
which I want to beat this beat up with
okay are you even gonna try even gonna
try what you know not even not even a
little bit as a joke what check it's not
that bad
shotguns easier shotgun is easier in the
yellow yeah really well then I guess the
real you got to be careful with the
jellyfish boxes but in general I think
the shotgun is easier than the welcome
there's an employer you don't blow
yourself up the the secondary and the
shotgun has a really good rate of fire
okay so far that has been like my
biggest downfall you you have to learn
to run up fearless Lee to the jellyfish
boxes to take them out quick but in
general I I like the shotgun more in the
moment
we are getting somewhere
does anything give you rich if you can
make a star wars-themed sandwich what
would you put in it everything because
the Star Wars universe just throws
everything in there like a fucking salad
that makes no sense
I think the expanded universe is like
Jedi vampires Jedi witches they they
just throw it all in there and expect it
to be part of the unified whole when
none of these things have any right big
in the same sandwich so it would be like
a sandwich like coca-cola for a sauce
yeah the best ice cream in there I like
it there got something a great sandwich
how about the same then you get the
prequel sandwich but everything is just
dyed green everything yeah all right
okay I might I might be doing it
I might be doing it
out of here
I'm not even gonna use in a second
tada I finally made a pass like the part
that I've been dying
breathing I shouldn't let as veritime
says I think they may have gone too far
in a few places with that sandwich get
it I get it I shouldn't I know I should
but I did I smiled the bread on the
table matches the bread on the bottom
it's like poetry
I'm doing it
I'm doing it
I want to say this is exactly what my
doing is for the machine gun
he's like 10:39 rich what Star Wars
spin-off movie would you most like to
say I'm assuming he means see though I
don't even know which ones they're
talking about doing you know Jill what
with Star Wars spin-offs were supposed
to be about Jack you know they're
talking about a Boba Fett they're
talking about a like a young Han Solo
adventure I'm sure I don't know I don't
care I mean a boba fett or Han Solo one
but at least you know not not a huge
Boba Fett fan but as far as Star Wars go
goes I like like the seedy underbelly
type stuff your your java's your
smuggling and your dirty bars I like
that stuff more than I like the Jedi's
so I'm just gonna say the Boba Fett one
yeah that could be fun
like you know if they did a Boba Fett
one I know this is something like oh you
haven't seen it yet if they did a Boba
Fett one and this time like we're both
adjusting murders everything around him
all the time it's just a clone of Jango
now the original the original is now the
clone it's that weird I run up close
secondary fire as close as and good
rapid rapid dududududu with a secondary
back off then I back off and
the other things I got there that be a
little bit freaking out the shotgun and
III use the secondary a lot because you
can it's as many times as you hit the
trigger there's no loading the weight
thing yep
like dick try it out yeah yeah I've run
up to the jelly makers secondary
rapid-fire take a lot of struck as I can
then I back off a bit and deal with the
other things and that strategy worked
out well
secondary players okay go back bro
okay all right I'm ready I know I know
I think the shotgun makes everything
else easier though sure at least
compared to the railroad round
well mostly just because you blow
yourself easiest weapon route is the
machine gun oh yeah even without the
grenades it's pretty all-around decent
weapon
are they still treating the prequels
like Canon OMB I would be so abused if
they didn't so I don't know they're
gonna say I do think they're going to
avoid mentioning them in a Buddhist
there might be an offhand mentioned to
the boom like once but in in general I
don't I don't think there's gonna be
much good positive things that happen in
the prequels in their movies or at least
in the first one they did that JJ Abrams
is doing I don't know what the hell the
second movie is under a different writer
director whatever everything else is is
going to look like
now the time movie would be sweep yeah
but I don't think he's in continuity
anymore he's the main character from the
dark forces games kind of a mercenary
and in the later games is kind of a
mercenary with a lightsaber yeah this is
like a Jedi without the boring moksha he
actually makes seven lightsaber fun
again that automatically makes him one
of my favorite Star Wars characters that
started series yay or nay you know the
movie was so blah to me I never even
checked out the series any of them it's
gotta be something to do them maybe make
like let's read it from spit offs right
maybe Stargate is awesome yeah but I
kind of avoided it because the movies no
start they make a TV show face I'm sorry
okay hey I guess something
I hit the first where I'm now moving
incredibly fast even lesser speed up
how's the time removing this is your
advantage to too long you can't get a
high score now it's already too late
okay maybe that's like big game
dealing with every other enemy is like
rich fewer kidnapped and the only way
your captor would let you survive is if
you beat him in a multiplayer game which
game would you pick well I know I have
to pick the game that gives me the best
chance of survival right because you
know my life is at stake
yeah so I'm not gonna pick like any of
your standard multiplayer games because
I'd never play them I would be at a
complete disadvantage like I can't play
your the Call of Duty some quakes or
this kind of thing because I just I
don't have that much experience
experience with the multiplayer so the
game I would have to pick would be
checkers Microsoft checkers beautiful
you're a genius
and then I would win and with
what what happens in in this universe
where you have to play what happened
while you play
waited dodge the question wait how is
that a dodge that is a totally
legitimate answer
well you dodged it by answering
Tetris is a game you could play it on a
computer device and you can play it
multiplayer that's that is a 100%
legitimate
answer what is the best every strategy
you you jump the other guy's checkers
and you don't let him jump worse there's
a guy online I don't get anything
serious out of his talks of strategy but
it just amazes me this is this guy
online who is just gotta be some kind of
borderline autistic checkers enthusiast
calls himself checkers cycle and he does
checkers instructional videos online
yeah yay I get so much entertainment out
of this weird autistic man who talks
about like the history of checkers and
the great checkers matches that have
happened
and he never shows his face I don't know
this guy's really some kind of weird
serial killer if there's like a
real-life mr. blinky thing going on his
buddy he does these videos is his music
in the videos is like via a tape
recorder earlier ones yes I don't know
if this evolved past that his videos
have gotten like 10% slicker since he
started doing it the guy is called
checker cycle and I'm just entertained
by these weird-ass checkers videos he
does is he serious for baiting ironic
I'm pretty sure he's being serious or
he's a damn fine actor if he's not and
dedicated he does not get him interviews
and he's he's still doing it what if
that's it what if it's just a bit and
you know years from now he's gonna like
one of his videos is gonna go viral and
he's gonna be like you you did it jack
you did it I did it I beat the game with
every single weapon and with the shotgun
understand that's a personal best
what did I tell you what'd I tell you oh
absolutely absolutely I'm with it I'm
with it I'm down I'm so excited I'm
gonna double-check I'm gonna refresh
their Kickstarter page I'm gonna see how
good they were doing now
gained a couple extra thousand while we
were structure that's all because of us
it's very exciting all because of us all
because of us
no I know it's you know it's it's just
exciting games gonna be made I'm really
I'm really looking forward to playing
this later I'm really looking forward
I'm really looking forward to playing it
when I'm not on a timer I want to take
my time and slowly go through yeah you
know why I would be interested in
playing it when it's when it's done so
also you know not going through floors
or ceilings would be wonderful so I
think I guess I'm gonna go and try and
make myself a non inverted player then
yeah I guess we you know we're done
stream and I'm gonna play some more of
this and I brain will be completely
converted over it's it's such a strange
thing to me yeah so that's a
life-changing event yeah you know being
being that this is one of one of like
the first times I played with a mouse
iím just reading a little bit can I tell
you how I'm cheating a little bit a
while ago
during like the height oh my TF tunas I
was looking for a way to play with a
mouse you know because as I've said I
understand completely that a mouse is
more accurate and sensitive and a mouse
is the better way to play a game but for
me like playing with WASD has always
been an issue and so I got one of these
like half controller and okay um things
and so I have been playing this with my
nunchuck thing that's interesting can
you send me a link to one of these okay
yeah so it's a it's a joystick to move
around and then the joystick has a
couple trigger button sewing right now
my trigger is
is a real there are enough buttons with
that setup you have with your nunchuck
thing um I mean for okay tf2 there was
yeah it still never quite felt as
comfortable but also you know I never I
never gave it a super chance and I just
had this lying around so this is what
I've been playing with and and I like it
okay yeah definitely I'm curious behind
the chat saying I know I lost the
comment you know what it Scrolls up
basically well ok welcome to the correct
way to play video games rich no no I am
doing this entirely for practical
reasons if you're saying there's a
correct way it an incorrect way oh fuck
you that's wrong it's personal
preference I'm just thinking it's since
I'm already halfway there
I may as well give up the inconvenience
of constantly setting the you know
invert option on every every game I play
and the occasional times they don't have
proper inverted supports this is
entirely for practical reasons and not
because something is the correct way to
do something and you can you can shove
that attitude straight up your butt
and I'll accept porch thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it we
do thank you guys for coming out to our
special Tuesday night stream I know this
was a little impromptu but we appreciate
anyway thank you to all the people who
decided to subscribe today thanks for
watching us play strafe thanks to all of
you who donated strafe thanks to Tom Tom
glunk
for coming out and talking with us yet
again and and we'll see you tomorrow
night good night good night everybody
