Feb 8, 2015
Metroid Prime
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3793396
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3793410
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3793423
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qzc7R0EOKw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5Vb5lRVHY0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1Fe764bC_c
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/564519763763011585
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/564610929334444032

[Part I]
we are now attempting this dream again
this is oh the stream is now one minute
late technical issues have made the
stratum one minute late if you guys are
going to count that one minute I mean I
would buy that out absolutely by that
now have I lost that giant list of
subscribers I saw okay we are live great
I saw that giant list of subscribers
which I'm very very grateful for but now
enough time has gone past where I no
longer see all of those subscribers but
I like the fuck thank each and every one
of you just like I thank for bill hold
thank you for subscribing me very much
appreciated the last three months you've
been with us um I hear things and see
things but it's really quiet it might be
a little quiet it might be a little
quiet we hear nothing audio is very low
okay give me one second we can turn my
audio and the game audio up what the
fuck GS hots thank you for subscribing
we very much how about now now you
should be hearing and seeing things a
little bit better wait for confirmation
super quiet game cube is boss by the way
I'm really excited
quiet be to do what fuck is loud no
sound boss game volume is good and you
are quiet ok sounds good sounds great
thank you or still a little quiet rich
is too loud rich is always too loud
let's be honest sounds great great
doesn't show the stream we are streaming
I see we are streaming now which is
great sounds good Jack's voice is better
that's better not great oh gosh let's
get started we're that's just gonna wrap
so decor but rap so decor but thank you
for subscribing I really appreciate it
thank you thank you for coming out what
the fuck's are
got a whole lot I can do except for turn
me up hold on maybe I can turn me up
okay so now both me and the game audio
should be up more so if you just turn
the whole thing down then the what the
fuck should be slightly smaller yeah
okay so now I should be up more the game
should be up more you should be hearing
me and the game the fuck let's see
krokodil brain thank you for subscribing
I really appreciate it Thank You
crocodile brain the past two months now
that's better since great now great
great great please Jack please say
Metroid's the way you say sectoid
metroid look good Oh Elvis I can't stop
you from hearing boyhood that's just how
the way it's gonna be things are never
gonna change i'm playing metroid prime
for the gamecube anyone who just saw my
tweet what the fuck directly from a
grain game to oh my lord Kairu king
Kairu king thank you for subscribing I
really appreciate it the past four
months now really appreciate that what
the fuck MC Lucas wicka wicka thank you
for subscribing the past eight months
and see wishes we really appreciate it
Oh rap city Corp thank you afraid it's
your first live stream you're usually at
work Elvis delvis are great subscribe a
great moderator Elvis thank you for
subscribing again John B 820 thank you
for subscribing I really appreciate it
guys I really really appreciate it might
have to change some of these settings
later can't fix it oh well why should he
bother when people keep subscribing even
when they won't bother to keep a nice
dream going why what's going on what's
my nice dream turn down announcement
volume please identify him to hear you
and it's way too loud
all I can really do is both turn up me
and the game volume and then hopefully
be what the fucks will be slightly
yes
game sound is louder now no this is not
running on an emulator this is on my
gamecube okay everything's fine go go go
go we're not live this is incredible
cranky jack okay so now everything
should be better everything should be
better the game sound is quieter I have
turned the game sound up I actually have
I don't know how to turn down riches
angelic what the fuck voice besides just
turning off the subscriber bothering you
all that much I will just turn it down
so now you all have to make sure you let
me know if there is a subscriber because
I might might not hear it because I
turned off the subscriber notification
I was thinking about playing metroid
prime i really i really loved this game
when i first played it and then someone
on twitter suggested this and I said
okay I I really I really remember loving
the crap out of this game and this is a
game that I refer to a lot whenever I'm
talking to people about good use of
gameplay as a story mechanic and showing
and not telling so this is usually a go
to game that got it writes the whole
story versus gameplay stuff so oh I see
that con man 586 thank you for
subscribing I very much appreciate it
Jack hates strip clubs and farscape but
loves the interview what I think a lot
of people dislike strip clubs and for
escape you know that's just me that's
fine that's fine why am I watching a
boring cutscene that is a really
important question that is a really
important question because it's because
it's Metroid all I need to remember I
need to remember how to play this game
now oh man it has been a long time
oh great can't look up why can't I look
up that seems oh that's right that's
right you you have to like aim oh man oh
man this is great blocking on two
targets I'm ready to go tutorial Oh
scanning yes scanning I love this
I just ask an advisor
yeah so like this is the great thing
this was like central gameplay mechanic
is the scanning stuff right and it's how
you figure it's a it's how you find out
about the story it's how you find out
about unless the switches over it okay
great and it's amazing combat visor the
only problem is now my eid crocodile
brain skinnable objects appear as orange
targets this which does not seem to be
operational the control panel on the
pillar in this room can turn oh right
see it's because I wasn't paying
attention so the control panel over here
the pillar pillar over here oh oh that's
it oh man yes the pillar behind I can't
listen it takes to get my give me a
little bit here we go boom boom I want
to say there's a way to cycle targets
too that's what I want
oh of course boom boom jump make sure
you're not how to jump that's important
in any game do-do-do-do do-do-do-do like
any good metroid game starts you out
with some powers use the ABM to open
doors easy peasy easy motherf love and
PZ does this look weird on your screen
does it look smushed ok right i just
learned that about opening doors scan
that beach
great open open great dogs and Jack
can't look up right big run is saying
he's not too familiar with stream cell
phone wants to know my setup for
streaming console games so right now i
have my gamecube hooked up to my capture
device which is a hauppauge HPR i want
to say it's hbr a hauppauge captured
device nice and it is a to do the dev
severe spinal injury I don't know it's
what we use to record gameplay footage
it was incredibly large muscle structure
surrounding the jaw area oh no it's what
i'm using right now my gamecube so my
gamecube is plugged into the hauppauge
which is running to the hajj capture
software on my computer and then i'm
using OBS open broadcaster software to
capture the little window that apagas
streaming into to streaming it out to
you guys the alp hog was relatively
inexpensive and the OBS is free obvious
is a free broadcasting software which is
great and that's what we use and i use
my hauppage a lot for like i said not
only for streaming but also this is
probably where I came in this where I
came in this feels like where I came in
this is definitely where I came in not
for streaming but also for recording
gameplay footage for the show works
great for consoles has RGB in component
in and HDMI through which is incredibly
helpful so like for example when we're
applying a ps4 game or
or or anything like that the hdmi threw
in a yellow goober LD you in a little
goober the HDMI through means that the
issue of my past or means that we can
play live and it still records without
any space crisis cool cool space pirates
yeah it's cool
right
can I is so here's a question level one
of the game can I figure out where to go
probably this way oh yeah okay it's very
strange not oh he looks still alive oh
hey he's still shooting at me get out of
here you jerk I was scanning you because
he's shooting me what a dillweed so
Gibby I don't this is the only capture
device I've ever used so I cannot tell
you if this is better or worse than any
other capture device ah it works it
works for us it's the the only thing
weird is the the software side of things
can be wonky sometimes
and so I feel like that is a door that I
don't know okay I got through that you
would think that this is the thing you
couldn't pass through so the software
side of things is wonky sometimes and I
try actually not to use hauppauge
capture I used a different software
that's a little bit older in a little
bit wonky er to actually capture
approved I actually I use OBS a lot too
what is this platform active great to
capture stuff because I find it simpler
so the actual device is very nice and
like I said that pass through is super
convenient but the software that you
need to run with it is that is the real
problem with the hauppauge looks like
Liza okay great shit
oh right morph ball more fault I
remember what's that oh ah dick
that there we go so I remembering how to
play the game doing away with club
nintendo North America oh I didn't know
that did I ever owned any pogs that's a
weird question probably at some point
listen we all we all had pogs right
that's just a oh shit
space pirate what about you orbs I
remember most of this stuff I remember
most of this it has been a incredibly
long time since I've played this game
guys I will be very very honest with you
mara Mara I am I'm you know I've got
four for those of you who don't know for
a while I did you know for a couple
weeks I did solo streams by myself fire
missiles well why do i do I need to fire
missiles Oh probably that thing there we
go yeah I did silver streams for a while
by myself and you know did fine I
thought and then rich started joining in
for hack and a half whoa
which I thought it's great and it's
always had it's always fun to have
someone to bounce off of as far as as
far as actually entertaining you guys is
concerned so you know I I do miss that
not having someone to bounce off of I've
gotten kind of used to that and so
preparation oh please step into the
hologram so just having to talk to
myself here is a little rough but I'm
sure I'll figure it out again man so
many things to scan I don't know this is
just me but like I definitely I
definitely feel compelled to just scan
absolutely everything in this game and I
don't know why that is like I don't know
like if it's just because like it is a
choice you know it's it's it's not
integral to the game it's it's a choice
and so because it's my choice and
because like I know I don't know I don't
know what makes this more compelling
than other scanning mechanics or if it
even is more compelling i think is more
compelling
oh here it is here's the elevator thingy
I'm compelled to scan all the things
there's the oh damn you
get out of here you big what is that who
that I really need to deal with these
pirates before I go scanning everything
now get out of here
okay all right that's for real and if I
remember correctly I can just go like
this and that these things come to me
yes ok back to scanning don't mind me
just scanning see I like this you know
like figuring this out for myself this
is like some sort of every specimen we
will have a document of every specimen
ended in the universe I kind of like
that sets up the mood right
who dat are you alive cuz I will kill
you acid burns I'm gonna kill you I
don't care if you have acid burns who
who's firing at me mutagen tank okay
great let's get out of here it's really
upsetting to me not having control for
anyone who doesn't know I don't have
control over look I can base it movement
and turning is one big thing I don't
have I don't have any strafe right now
which is really upsetting for someone
who's used to playing more modern
first-person shooters great great so
like the even though the game who hasn't
little yellow stick i can't i can't look
around i suppose i only have access to
strafe like i don't have access to it
looking around and so if i want to look
up or down i have to lock my legs which
is fairly annoying hey don't mess up my
scanning space pirate
I was right in the middle of scanned
some shit you just jump in there like a
big goober ah of course because of
course it's a Metroid game somehow these
aliens designed giant metal spheres as
keys knowing full well that one of their
greatest adversaries turns into a giant
metal sphere
yeah I see something holding L will let
you strength right so holding out lets
you strafe but then you can't look up or
down and you can't look left to right
and if you hold are you can look around
but then you can't walk there's no
there's no in-between and it's
infuriating if you've ever played a real
FPS just just infuriating we're gonna
let it go because it was a different
time but still he's insert metallic
sphere haha come on scan and all the
shit subject looks like it's been
partially eaten what when I come from I
came from there today yes superbad a
save station the hose were the days a
real FPS like Call of Duty right sorry
not a real FPS yes that was mean of me
that was very that it was mean of me to
say real FPS in more modern FPS is in pc
FPS is that's that's what i really meant
to say this is not something that you
would find in a pc FPS which was a
little snobbish of me nope that's my
missile it's not wish of me and I
apologize
right and of course all you guys are you
saying you know why would you ever use a
controller and a real FPS but I disagree
with you and whatever that's fine
everything's fine you're right you're
right scarf that something rich would
say
try not to be so bitchy but it comes out
sometimes
scan the enemy to find its weak point
genetically enhanced by unknown means a
weak spot has been detected in this
creatures mouth use your auto targeting
to acquire a new target great great
get real now guys
this is getting a little real
all right let's get it to death right
right
but you know it's it's part of the game
scanning
being aware of your surroundings like
that's part of your job is is you know
you're figuring out the I don't even
know what this story of this game is
should also pay more attention to my
health bar jump button to dodge while
strafing Thank You CG lover
it also it does yes this game also has
jumping puzzles which are one hundred
percent out of place oh shit evacuating
evacuating oh it's gonna
thank you all those like I do kind of
love the jumping puzzles in this because
they are so difficult ended there's a
way to look at it more fun which is like
if you're in this super amazing battle
suit shit what is that am I stuck on now
whatever gave you I'm getting out here
jesus H Christ
this creature is deceased well fucking
death how do I get out of here now
yeah die kill it with fire
I kind of love your limited movement
because it adds to the tension so much
and you know you're in this bulky space
armor shit I don't care about you watch
me not care about your bugs but open
obviously I'm way wrong about this but I
still glad I was fun i also just don't
remember i'm probably going to get to
some of these jumping puzzles and just
give up because it's so awful so mark my
words now i'm saying i like it now but
I'm probably one hundred percent
incorrect okay oh my god I got to leave
these bugs alone these bugs are doing me
no good
also right now I'm a little annoyed at
how much screen my gun is taking up coop
there we go which I suppose is the
balance for you know like when I'm
charging like this just takes a ton of
space which I guess is the bounds for
having such a powerful weapon activated
which I get get it
No
hmm I have all this time I'm running I'm
in the game I'm into the game guys
you and not quite sure what the purpose
of those bugs are except for to annoy me
they are doing that open up door there's
probably like a phase 2 to the boss
fight that I am unaware of at the moment
well excuse me oh my gonna die no yes
did I die no okay I'm fine I'm fine
I'm with it I am a hip and I am with it
making this work for me I'm hip and
with-it open up thank you and and
remember you guys might not remember how
awesome samus looks when this game came
out this was not a normal thing this was
the first 3d Samus game already good old
Ridley gobbledygook says Jack do you
consider Nintendo to be your favorite
brand of video game companies
you know yeah I mean I guess just by the
fact that almost by default yes great
lately no lately no but overall yes that
is what I will say great got a scan guys
lately Nintendo has not made anything
great say yes or else various email
morphol oh yes here it is all the stuff
malfunctions someone pasted for me like
what the story of this game is because
I've already forgotten
I lost
I lost i'm kinda lost
am i morph ball malfunction oh here we
go okay nine is sickening walking like
this
space pirates as bad is it was
depressurizing come on jerks
the only yeah oxygen here who said that
ncc-1701 the only reason I care about
Nintendo moments because the new zelda
right the only route so the only reason
we care about Nintendo anymore is
because of old life geez they are still
coasting off of old love which is fine
that's fine and acceptable as long as I
keep making good stuff but
they haven't made anything they haven't
made anything new or interesting in a
while and their business that's fun does
this game even have Metroid's in it it
does it does tracking an enemy target
has been lost ground-based recon
required yes but splatoon right there's
platoon
you know there there have been companies
that have done more there have been
companies that have made games that I've
liked more in recent years there have
been companies that have made platforms
that I like even more valve and so
there's a lot there's a lot more out
there nintendo will always have a place
nintendo will always have a place
yeah this is I'm
it says azam does the screen look funny
to you like does it look so much does it
look smushed in four by three are you
guys fine with it and look it feels
funny to me can I go to our or my
options here we go
if I stretch it that does that look
better to you guys if I stretch it out
like this you tell me captain yeah you
say it looks so much the first time it
feels smushed okay here this should look
better
my eyes are opposite he down a little
bit he'd system well what was it I don't
know great what are you thoughts in a
radio shack right and system off yeah uh
what are my thoughts on radio shack I
think like many of us i was now i was
gonna make the joke that everyone makes
which is that i was surprised they were
in business to begin with but i actually
use radio shack a lot I'm you know so
I'm a little Oh get out here I'm a
little bummed that they filed for
bankruptcy I didn't hear the rumor that
Amazon is looking at buying them up just
to get their retail locations which
would be awesome
to make amazon shippings faster and
smoother here we go there's a dar
alright so the metroid game begins let
the metroid hang begin so many things to
metroid look at that metroid Jesus
Christ scan it scan it with fire new
creature entry has been downloaded to
your logbook beetle this is a beta shit
get out of here
damn vital eat damn vital all right um
so yeah radio shack I might have been
one of the few people who actually like
went to radioshack er like semi normally
normally semi-regularly open up that's
where I came from right so but obviously
I didn't go there often enough nor did
anyone for them to be a viable business
but I do I will if they close down other
stores i will miss them because often i
would just need a weird connector or
weird adapter that you know same day and
of course you can get any connector any
adapter at any time or you can get any
advanced training connector but not same
day and that's the big difference buy
anything for amazon but
killed it I killed it killed it with
fire fire fire fire set fire to your
face on fire set fire to the world on
fire guys like blood brothers yeah me
too also if you didn't I'm cool with
that where are these things can I shoot
them why can I can shoot them that's
that's fantastic news shoot all the
things I fuck you think Jack did you
play for the whole metro metroid prime
trilogy yes yes I did ages ago you know
when they first came out I have not
played them recently and I did not play
the re-release when they rereleased the
whole trilogy on the wii i did not play
that giving them all the wii controls i
did not yeah because i was so he's
playing this like the wii controls were
fine but as Jack talked about the zelda
netflix thing that probably isn't true
well no it's true zelda is talking with
Nintendo about making a Zelda a
live-action Zelda series for netflix
exclusive the thing we don't know yet
hold on for a second Oh laughter Sam the
thing we don't know is if it's going to
happen it is true that they're talking
with them but basically the announcement
is that Netflix is pitching Nintendo and
of course Nintendo is very apprehensive
after the Super Mario Brothers movie so
it's quite possible that nothing is
going to happen but
oh we don't know Zelda is talking with
Nintendo is that what I said Netflix is
talking with Nintendo Jack talks
sometimes and sometimes even it makes
sense oh I already got you
hmm I am kind of kind of in love with
this it's probably it's mostly probably
nostalgia it's it's one hundred percent
nostalgia why I'm so in love with this
but I'm kind of in love with this Zelda
anime with cowboy beeble level are to
come someone is saying Zelda anime with
cowboy bebop level art that would be
that would be really nice but I could
also see it going live action you know
they were calling it or they were
describing it as kind of a game of
thrones but for the whole family and I
think that would be awesome I think that
fantasy in general is something that is
not seen it's not seen too much on TV
right now passageway to shrine good to
know Jojo what's over here
is that what are you oh that's right i
don't have my charge beam to trying to
use my charge beam what are you you're a
thing to a place ah and so i could see
that being the pitch you know with the
game of thrones being as hot as it is
right now it's like a full family a
family friendly game of thrones a kid
adventure look at that shit that's
awesome what is that
I am getting through these lasers like a
mother fucking pro he's got through all
those lasers as it turns out I'm pretty
awesome I don't know if you knew this
about me but I am pretty awesome here we
go to chose allure we chose our
departing now after so many years in
peaceful seclusion here until on for
when we came hell this place was a
refuge for our spirits the civilization
built from native materials bereft of
the trappings of our technology we will
link to the land here kindred to the
plants and the animals far away from
machines we had become so dependent on
and so we leave it now pristine a
testament to the more forms we no longer
need we have drawn the veils of time and
space as I and I was drawing beyond the
illusion but we will never forget this
the most sacred of our homes and we were
main ever watchful that's one you know
that is that's fun what's that purple
thing
you look like a thing
okay fuck yeah I hear you fucks alright
flying enemies I remember flying enemies
being the worst having to look up in
general just the worst I don't know
where I'm going that's the thing you
should know about me right now just kind
of playing playing the game you're a
thing that's chozo sculpture creature
has been downloaded into my log
out of here get out of here good
everybody's out of here and jump hey
great ok get your shows Oh gowron's
there's a save point back there is there
back where how far away am i from it I
need a save point because I can only
assume some biggs if you're if you're
telling me that there's a save point
that means that there's something
important coming up because there's a
point in here Oh was it one of those
other doors out here see I'm all of
interest in the save point I should have
just kept going I'm going to stop
listening to you guys now my energy is
low and there's the thing like over here
see god damn it god fucking dammit cat
kept fucking damn it
I shouldn't have listened to you told me
to go back to a safe point this is the
lesson I've learned I was doing really
good i thought uh Anna dead that's fine
this isn't a no death run or anything
I'm just playing and then you tell me
what the save point I stopped caring
true thing everything that happened no
that's where I came from this way new
game no no I'm I'm just playing I'm just
playing and enjoying playing in and join
doo doo doo killing all the Beatles doo
doodoo brain and enjoy an aquiline all
the Beatles you know those needles what
am I even talking sometimes sometimes I
am
great see how they reinforced and
scanning because scanning is important
to the story and so they make you scan
things every once in a while just to
remind that you they can scan things so
you can scan all the enemies and scan
the lore that's really nice a mosquito
murder mm-hmm murdered a mosquitoes up I
don't even care what a skittle is I'll
murder it I don't even know if those are
skittles I'll murder anything I'm
fucking Samus Aran I'm murder anything
for the good you think I should serve
referring to myself in the third person
for the good of his dream sometimes I do
that usually I only do that like in my
head I do that in case someone is
confused as to who's talking like if
it's me and rich and Jay you know you
know who we are but you're just hearing
our voices and so really I just do that
to make sure that you know that it's Oh
door cannot be opened with that weapon I
don't have a home oh my pan was going
the right way were you dingleberries
lying to me about there being a safe
spot over here you dingleberries
subscriber needed to be thanked who's
that did I miss describe the business
right item is a subscriber all right
also you guys have to let me know if I
miss a subscriber Jack speak like the
kraang oh how do they speak the new
kraang or the old kraang the new crank
is you know we are the ones we are the
ones who know the ones that we want the
ones that we want we are the ones that
want that samus is the one who will
defeat the Metroid's who want to defeat
samus who is the one who wants to defeat
the Metroid's fucking love the new
kraang they're hilarious I'm letting you
know you aren't paying attention I'm not
I mean I'm not nothing attention to what
that's the real question i'm not paying
attention to what did you turn down for
what we can go through this because we
we already read this
great oh I see I see there was another
dork in here so I needlessly died okay
that's fine here's the saves but I'm
with you oh fuck all right here we go
Grand Moff Cooley or colleague Grand
Moff Kali thank you for subscribing
these past four months thank you I
really appreciate it bottom right from
the bottom Meyer Oh subscribe oh thank
you captain to pick subscribers that
needs to be thanked ah crunchy is cream
crunchy is creamy thank you for
subscribing mr. glitch for the past
three months thank you for subscribing
and of course Grand Moff ghoulia I
didn't it thank you thank you guys all
sorry for missing you I because of the
audio problems we were having I turned
off subscription notifications because
we're having some issues we have enough
some loudness quietness issues and I
certainly apologize
do to do to do to shoot you chew
shooting all the things shoot you toot
shooting other things shoot shoot shoot
shoot and other things i'm shooting all
the things that yeah get out of here
okay oh my god no oh yeah over here huh
who do do do do do do do do do do you
know jumping in this game in general
yeah come on get her on the cot damn
corner I don't know how to feel about it
because you know like I was saying
before is janky it's jank I'm going to
go ahead and call it jank but it's
pretty realistic actual jumping I guess
or maybe not I don't know what is going
on in here object at a scanning range
and to fuck out of here that elevator
bridge looks worn but functional how
could you know that visor how could you
cut down though then
morning ah ok I get it I guess warning
why would it tell me warning that seems
weird sino can only be retrieved using
the elevator bridge ok here we go guys
oh god what's happening what's happening
the visor knows all it's true
now
fuck you yeah I know they're here what
is that get out of here whoa spin a do
yeah aah aah so many spinning to help
fuck fuck fuck get out get out of here
shit probably gonna die probably gonna
die probably gonna die get out of here
yeah I'm gonna die ok great
subscriptions thank you John be a 20 hi
off pixels thank you for subscribing I
really appreciate it hey listen guys I'm
playing the game i'm reading the chat
and playing the game as best I could
thank you John be a 20 ah you know I'm
gonna glance over as often as I can to
the chat to keep talking with you guys
but as you see there i'm not doing well
enough on my own let alone talking to
you guys we gotta beat metroid tonight
how we gonna be metroid tonight if i
keep talking to you guys about that huh
you just can't damn think about that for
a second
so what I want you to think about I want
this in the back of your heads is how am
I going to beat goddamn metroid tonight
metroid prime beat it in one night this
is a speedrun and killing for it says no
jack we exact nothing but absolute
perfection you are in the wrong channel
that I'm not gonna fall on you this time
I know better than that get over here
and then we saw it oh it happens again
Oh janvier 20 that's that's good to yes
any subscriber I miss just keep track
and you know I'll take little breaks
every once in a while okay away from the
stop get him get him get him I hit him
mother spin and where you
I
I'm just going to kink they come out of
here so i might be able to hit them know
all right here we go we got this we got
this we got this trick you a lot of
movement a lot of movement this one yeah
yeah I don't move where are you oh god
this make me dizzy making me dizzy hey
yeah yeah
ah ok concentrating
shit shit everything's fine everything's
fine
yeah yeah terrible things are happening
okay we got this we got this we got this
we got this we got to update gotcha you
got you we gotcha
and oh we did it we did it

[Part II]
and oh we did it we did it no I did it
spacechem oh thanks for the vote of
confidence what do we get weapon upgrade
weapon upgrade missile launcher acquired
yeah jumping from an hour to three so
somewhere within three hours hopefully I
want I don't understand what that means
Gungans Gungans press X Games great
great we have the missile launcher this
is a very good thing we will now use the
missile launcher
energy tank acquired nice now we can
fight more shit was this oh we cannot
fit in the small tunnel perhaps we can
later right because I can't turn into a
ball yet no okay well then shit let's
get out of here hi but we got the
missile launcher I'm right next to some
goo so not super psyched about that all
right now what do I got to do to get out
of here and go this way I feel there's a
thing nope nope nope so I'm probably
gonna die because I can't figure out how
to get out to be like a thing right here
looking at this is we're looking around
would really be helpful I was also not
the jump button that I pressed that was
the shoot button okay great I did it I
did it if I settle down I did it stop
you're feverish complaining because it
did it don't look at me like that I'm
sure you're complaining you are
complaining right now about how awful
i'm doing whoo there's the thing it's
this thing
map map
oh nice map oh oh yeah or it's a great
map yo great let's get out of here let's
get outta here yo 22 22 22 22 22 let's
get outta here I really enjoy my droid
what else are you going to talk about
what else happened this week we talked
about radio shack already I feel what
else you know what I can talk about you
know what I can talk about this weekend
was a heavy kids movie weekend as you
all know I have children and so you know
sometimes we want to move me sometimes
we don't this weekend we watched two
movies we've watched the boxtrolls and
the book of life and I was actually
pretty excited to see the boxtrolls
because I know it was nominated for Best
Animated Feature not like that matters
cuz I don't really care about awards but
I was definitely interested in seeing it
and I had also heard great things and it
is boxtrolls is very food at box feels
very good really fun
we are you there really fun little movie
stop motion claymation adorable style
really really adorable style fuck you
fuck you and it looks great and the
boxtrolls highly recommend did vaccinate
my kids god damn right I vaccinated my
kids facts and he's got damn kids I'll
start an ad campaign called don't be a
dick vaccinate your kids now boxtrolls
super cute super cute and super fun had
a really good time kids seem to enjoy it
a couple scary moments a couple like
really weird moments for it being a kids
movie you know specifically like I guess
you know what I'm gonna I want to throw
this out there I'm going to throw the
spoiler alert for boxtrolls if you if
you're interested boxtrolls don't listen
for the next couple minutes that I
suppose I the it there was a reveal
later on that the villain dumpy take
vaccinate your kids that's right the
villain is a cross dresser and so like
just very strange segments for for it
being a children's film but it's fine
and a really fun little movie the
boxtrolls a little light a little you
know like I we talked about this when I
when I talked about um big hero 6 you
know like definitely kind of
waivers on the size of just a kid's
movie but still very fun very fun a date
then we also saw the book of life I
don't know if you guys know anything
about that but it was produced by
guillermo del toro that's very exciting
as i generally enjoy at least his ideas
if not all of all of all of his movies
but produced by gamma overdose or has a
really interesting look to it it's it's
animated 3d animated and all of the
characters look as if they are kind of
marionettes they're like wooden puppet
look to them ah one of the gist dullest
stories are we getting the morph ball
already is this happening already it was
QE book of life or was it called no I
was because book of life book of light
looks really cute really cute but just
an incredibly dull and and needlessly
stretched out story there were
characters that had no place in the
story there was like love triangles on
top of personal issues there was like
inter there was a there was like modern
songs done in quasi mariachi style not
even mariachi said which is slightly
like Spanish style it was very
distracting I really did not like
overall I did not much care for a book
of life it was fine for a kids movie and
of course in typical kids movie faction
my kids loved it and I was like you want
to watch boxtrolls again and there's a
no it's why the book of life again I was
like get out of here with that but
that dash that's incredibly helpful good
there ah it was just like this crazy
complicated story there's crazy
complicated stories and four characters
that deserve no complication if that
makes any sense come on get out here I
can get serpentine they're real oh I
don't have my chai keep I keep trying to
charge up my blaster and I don't have it
I don't have my charge less oh there you
go can't take none of this Samus you
should see Paddington is batshit crazy
hahaha you hated pans lambarth you were
wrong slide down pan's labyrinth is
great you are dead wrong get out of here
with that
no it's uh yeah book of life polyus just
didn't didn't much care for it it was it
was too that was two kids movie II where
they didn't they weren't necessarily
paying attention to like pacing or
character development it was all just
you know what what ship can we get on
the screen now to keep the kids watching
gotta keep the kids interested looks
like it should be something right that's
fun can I jump no I can't jump great
what's the best TMNT incarnation
tellegen asked i really like the new
Nickelodeon show i'm going to say the
best TMNT incarnation is this new
Nickelodeon show it's it's fun it's
lights the the turtles are actually
different characters they look different
the animations a little a little long
but you know for the budget you know
like for example even though they live
in new york city new york city seems to
consist of one street and a population
of zero whenever they leave the sewers
but you know there's actual
characterization in it which is very fun
and finally someone gets splinter right
which is you know he's a real ninja
master i really really like the new
nickelodeon animated incarnation of the
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles I don't you
know and and I guess I've never read the
original Turtles comic so I can't
comment if that's better or not
apologies if it is better twelve year
when Jack works for Nickelodeon now
isn't there there's like a Nickelodeon
animator that comes in here every once
in a while I want to say right see
cartoon network oh I can't do this yet
there's like a there's like a charge up
thing that you get later
remember that but I can't do it yet I
know that much Sarah there might be a
thing over here I mean there's that
obviously I remember what I have to do
is that true Nickelodeon TMNT is the
best thing a lethal ninja master yeah
splinter in the in the Nickelodeon
cartoon is is great
he actually you know and you know why
he's great cuz he does something like in
the movie or in the old cartoon he was
just there he didn't do anything and he
didn't do anything because they couldn't
figure out how to get his puppet to look
good um but here he does stuff he is
integral to the stories its sponsors
nice in the in the Nickelodeon cartoon
gotta go round all right a time and I
will remember to save here I remember if
I if you go through this area there was
that there's a tunnel that was like
there seems to be a hole over here
that's weird Oh over here so that's
where I'm going um Pete and Pete best
ever you know there was some good stuff
in Pete and Pete for when you're younger
for when you're younger the new team and
t is like Teen Titans yeah yeah little
the definitely you know they it's not
not quite aping off of anime but they're
taking some style elements from anime
exaggerating and I like that I I'm okay
with all of that and it's fun they keep
it fun I think that's important
it's weird that like a Kids program
would want to be fun I was out the other
day and we saw me and me and my my
six-year-old were out and he saw a DVD
cover of the Michael Bay ninja turtles
and and we're at a store and he as loud
as you can just goes you it's the ugly
Ninja Turtles like he's seen you know
advertisements for those ninja turtles
and all I can say is like why do they
look so ugly and I can't answer him it's
just like I have no idea why they look
so ugly and so he makes sure just to say
II as loud as again every time he sees
them because they look so ugly and I all
I can do is agree well that's all i can
do is agree with them they look ugly it
makes me proud it makes me very proud
okay come on get down there
my son is a episode yes I'm training I'm
training him to be a hipster I'm trying
to try to train him to have good taste
warrior
Boing see what's in here see if there's
like a save spot in here that's the
thing later I remember that you get like
a magnetic morph all right get out of
here
ya hear ok I got a game you know what
I'm gonna get out of here how about that
I'll just leave you guys just leave you
guys to it so anything over here
probably not just go up the thing you're
supposed to go thing just go up a thing
stop exploring just go over the thing
did I go to the Madison Wizarding World
shindig no I know the answer is no I did
I don't even know I also don't know what
that is so what's the manliest oom it
has something to do with Wizards I mean
I just have no idea what's going on
right now the Madison Wizarding World
something is what was asked of me we
sounds great whatever it is it's a world
of Wizarding wizards who is the
wonderful whiz boom boom boom comic-con
pretty much yeah that's what I thought
I never you know what I saw a couple
episodes of the Star Wars someone asked
if I yes I say yes because like I just
remembered like you can steam up your
visor and I think that's awesome someone
just asked if I ever watched the star
wars clone wars animated stuff and I saw
a couple episodes and I thought the
animation was so ugly that I couldn't
watch it I could not bear to watch it I
do I don't care if it's good it was so
ugly to look at that I just could not
stand it I just was right where am I
going
came from there so I'm going this way so
I need to turn the left okay now going
this way I really really like it I
thought all the robots looks great but
all everyone that was humanoid-looking
so what am I playing metroid prime on
i'm playing metroid prime on my gamecube
this without okay great i'm playing on a
game to you but I'm playing with my wave
bird the first great wireless controller
ever invented and that is what i'm doing
i am taking damage i am taking damage
i'm taking damage apparently i can't go
in there yet wait
does it just rush through let me go save
and get my energy back and just try to
rush it
let me try to boss rush it oh you drive
up Anna you just keep talking my wave
bird needs a new stick I still have I
have to wave birds that I insisted on
keeping even though I got rid of my
gamecube I I insisted on keeping to wave
birds and best decision ever because now
I got my game québec now I just need to
find my um fuck what
nope didn't make it all right that's
fine um gotta kill the true so ruin boss
the big flower ah yes continue from safe
find your fuck jack it's around here
somewhere Jack why don't you love and
hate exactly the same things I do
because we're different people and our
different life experiences translate
into us enjoying different things hold
on I need a refill I brought one with me
hold on get in there really call this
right up to the microphone so you guys
can hear
you
there you
ah for anyone wanting to know I'm having
a beautiful and wonderful ballast point
sculpin India Pale Ale the most
beautiful and perfect I PA ever made so
smooth so wonderful if you can get
yourself a ballast point sculpin it's
really an incredibly smooth slightly
fruity IPA just it's it's it's a joy and
the more and more I drink them more I
really really like IPAs especially if
they're like this okay so I can't go
through the heat so I have to find i
guess i have to go back up here
you
wait wait and wait wait I come down on
this I probably did did I come down on
this ballast makes grapefruit sculpin
Elvis Elvis is right ballast makes a
grapefruit sculpin IPA which actually I
did not like as much as regular sculpt
and the grapefruit sculpin almost hate
and like it had it had like rind like a
like a tart grapefruit rind taste to it
which I did not like as much it's gotta
be this one then right I thought I hated
him I it's I must have missed something
in this room so I even though I'm a huge
fan of grapefruit in general ah there we
go there we go needed to get to okay
anyway I figure I figured it up sculpin
does make the grapefruit sculpin ballast
point makes the grapefruit sculpin but i
just did not dig it as much here we go
here we go what this
these metal gates block the entrance to
the center room well metal gates i'ma
blow you up or not or not the large dome
shaped room is where the bosses and out
unlike what original Planet of the Apes
sequel original plan of the ixia you
know they got silly does that count they
got oh I remember this I get my whoa
where am I you get your bombs shows on
the script translated our sanctuary
grows by the day we chose a higher much
know much of technology but we have
chosen to leave it behind on this
journey our home be around a land for
will be a place of simplicity structure
hewn from the stone bridges woven with
branches always corrects my pure waters
we build around the ancient & noble tree
trying from the strength and giving them
our own and return oh and his wild will
flow around us here our race will just
be one more group of creatures in the
dead of nature it is our hope that such
a state will bring with it a great
wisdom a greater understanding of the
nature of the universe once our city is
here complete we will appear in word and
discover the truth
that's not what I wanted to do ok here
is where I must get my bombs my busy d
bombs totally going to get my morph ball
bombs in here then I think you can use
them there which is great and everything
is great Oh energy drink ah that's it is
good goddamn energy drink
what the flicka tea I miss something I
mean the answer is of course yes I
missed something it's got to be over
here now that's where the heat was
where's that right now that's why I came
from what the flicka tea so it's got to
be
it's gotta be in there we'll go look
over there put your balls away Latin
please that about Jack do you find bald
women attractive I'm talking punk bald
not chemo bald I mean that would be
incredibly hypocritical of me if I
didn't and the answer is yes I also it
just really doesn't matter to me hair
style in general just does not make a
big difference to me really going this
way okay we want to go this way
get out of you Beatles you Bentley's
we're going to go through here this time
try again
yeah yeah yeahs Kabam ah this Jay
Sherman roach spray doesn't get rid of
the roaches at all it just turns them
into Little J Sherman's o yours yeah I
missed something in here this is where I
need to be I think shit shit shit shit
everything's fine everything's fine
keelin vitals great
and get up here before maybe this isn't
where I need to be since I come back to
it later Oh
boost ball upgrade required okay well
then this is not the right way to go all
right well fuck I am as of right now I'm
purposefully not checking the chat by
the way I want to let you know that I'm
doing something silly I'm doing
something stupid I'm trying to figure it
out by myself come back here you punk
you punk boot it who did all this
the world North Sun tower I couldn't get
to the Sun tower because that's a
magnetic thing the mag more caverns
where do we get to the mag more cameras
did I miss something in the mag more
caverns now cuz I got here and then I
died hmm
what am I missing here whoa there's a
whole thing over here oh okay hold on
how do I get there okay hold on I think
I I see if i can get up oh no this is
another thing that i can't get to
because i don't have my thing I don't
have my Dingle so how am I gonna dangle
you know what I'm saying oh wait get up
here I'm figuring I'm figuring who here
we go oh did I just do it I think I just
did it
I did it in here we go all right sorry
about that everyone much apologies for
not figuring it out fuck fuck we're not
figuring it out sooner all right here we
go so what's going on dig up stupid
right oxygen you talking about H point
265 I'm so excited about that but that
was announced like three years ago and
they still haven't delivered we're all
totally stuck in H point to 64
which is fine it's a fight that's a fine
code act and now with with more html5 we
should be seeing that was kind of dumb
an appreciative no structural weakness
detected in metalwork that's your
scanning the new chose allure and tree
has been downloaded to your book as we
struggle with the great poison something
stirs at the edge of our vision it is in
the hatchling sabes we feel her across
the void as she hunts the corrupted will
our fates again be one as our pride
chatters will prophesy become real when
all strength wanes from chozo will it be
the hatch league who fulfills our legacy
true sight eludes us for the poison
gnaws at all vision leaving Sears wide
and filled with despair truth blessings
baked up later funny voices for the wind
be like this yeah I I like to picture
that the chozo as nerds because they are
there technologically advanced there's
nerds I probably can't step in that goo
it's my guess
so I'm not killing those things because
they're giving me light and I want that
light so i won't step in the goo there
we go here we go great yeah I hear boom
here we go everything coming up milhouse
oh there is a runic symbol there that's
exciting
when
now fuck fuck but but
okay well then fuck you vine thing ah
not dead yet not dead yet everything not
dead yet do you like the film space jam
I I actually I really want to rewatch
the film space jam but no one will watch
it with me it's been a while since I've
seen Space Jam possibly too long but
there's no way to know there's no like
what is too long you know for runic
symbols must be activated for runic
symbols must be activate on there's that
one down there Oh No well fuck
I was that one damn it damn it get out
of the thing I keep landing into soup
it's like get out of this soup him i
right am i right I'm right I mean I've
seen space jam with all listen we've all
seen space jam hopefully we've all seen
space jam hopefully hopefully is the
thing I just said um no really hopefully
space jam is one of those weird-ass
movies that I do think you need to see
the fuck out of here
the structural weakness detected on it
hmm not on trying something different I
don't have I don't have bamhi bombs yet
you know Bobby bums that's a normal
thing that's a real thing that you say
okay only weakness is heavy weapons well
all right all right what do we need to
do here break out the scanner start
looking around what is that who did
great toxic levels it's great to know if
you missile at you from here
nope all right I'm checking to jet shut
up and jam right Jack did you know that
tay zonday has a twitch channel and
streams team fortress 2 well one no two
I assume that at some point just about
every single twitch streamer has
streamed team fortress 2 it's popular
game o tay zonday fucking fuck you you
fuck you fuck you fuck you god damn
mother fucking fuck fuck fuck ass fuck
you fucking fuck ass fine god damn
fucking science I apologize for my
language it's a bit harsh
bit harsh I didn't know another thing
was coming out of the thing good good
mother fucking motherfucking motherfuck
um I think it's great tay zonday
Chocolate Rain if anyone who does not
know who days I days ed I might drop it
right Joeckel did read and if you don't
know what chocolate rain is go look up
chocolate rain funny wow you really hate
saison de no I died I have apathy for
tay zonday extreme apathy I don't care
about tay zonday is that and I don't
know that is a strong opinion I also
don't care
Oh Madame isil's you guys amount of my
soul's a lot of miles and amount of
measles plenty measles what the fuck cut
Dina what the fuck was that oh jesus H
Christ he's stupid ass mushrooms at me
now ear mushrooms stupid ass mushrooms I
need a save point how r else I'm gonna
die again and lose a shit ton of
progress
and you know that would be not cool that
which fouls the water seeks the Sun
what
where's a save point now there's a fight
near me there's Justin fucking not have
a save point over here somewhere fuck
fuck fuck you know what I could use a
missile something that I could use right
now we've use a whole heap of not dying
need a missile need a missile hey gotta
go grind for some missiles how do you
grind a Metroid Prime you ask okay I
remember you dickheads get out of you
tickets eat tickets you find the enemies
and you kill those enemies
yeah here Dickens everybody's a dickhead
tonight that's what I have to say these
are my very important thoughts about
dicket's is this again path of
corruption leads even higher great
everyone's indicate I even get up there
went on
oh there we go
yeah this is very tense this is in fact
in I want that but I can't get it can't
get it there's like that missile right
there I need it I need it can I jump
across worth it worth it i got a missile
so am I gonna worth it um I have missile
to get in others that's right over here
because I think there's a save point
somewhere under me there's gotta be a
save point somewhere around here is so
fucking worth it great great
Jack what do you think about Fred Durst
well well that I mean he's fine I don't
care when's the last time you thought
about Fred Durst sure he's doing fine
sure he's doing fine by fred durst you
know like saying what do you think about
snooki no one cares that's that's what I
think about Fred Durst is I don't care
where was the other missile thing is it
this way not this way there's another
missile thingy okay you know was the
last time you thought about I think of
another schmuck I guess I think he's a
schmuck you know he did it all for the
nookie and so I'm not going to blame him
for that don't blame anna don't blame
anyone for their own cookie habits that
count
should get out of here I sigh come on
that time you dick okay here we go here
we go
what the Frick what the Frick this runic
symbols been activated those within the
room must be scant to gain access a what
the Frick okay
water once flowed here it's great can't
hit me fuck fuck fuck fuck
shit shit shit shit fuck fuck shit what
fuck shit shitty fuck shity shity shity
fuck fuck fuck no nexus fear what are
you an example no no i don't i also i
have no idea what I'm doing in this game
right now yep I found every one example
though a little mushy room ok I found
two runic symbols here's three I just
need to find one more
one more runic simple it's probably I
probably passed it when I was first
coming into the room with my guesses
else it's over here now doesn't look
like it's over here probably passed it
and didn't know what it was that I was
looking for I guess
so if everybody got overwhelmed by my
really intense fred durst comments yeah
sometimes I say controversial things
terrible terrible that's where the
stream is gone fred durst jokes thanks
Obama let's say over here something
about my water I'm gonna have to like
shoot over here something where was that
come over here it is okay this ruin
example has oh great I did it
everything's good
ah great okay shit fuck shit fuck shit
fuck shit fuck shit fuck shit fuck huh
so you know sometimes just shit fuck
shit fuck shit fuck take a look right a
drink take a drink everything's fine try
again take a little breath I take a
breather and here we go shit shit fuck
god damn it are we talking about the
platforming earlier platforming is tough
when you can't see the thing below your
feet
no idea how far you actually need to go
to jump that's fine they fix it later in
the game when you get the double jump
that's great you get the double jump
everything is awesome the gate has been
unlocked and we have what did we get
whatever yet charge bin yes yes
judge me
ah the great charge beam everything is
great i love this it's I feel like it's
not a metroid game until you get to
charge me maybe this is crazy talk we we
we can I kill these guys now I'd love to
be able to kill these guys and make him
go away faster okay great charge beam oh
wait did I miss something can I do it
see that I think I myself a not this way
I missed a little to be I don't know if
I can go in it yet but just want to get
back there just want to get back there
just want to double check that we can't
out of here and you get out of here it
was like a little it was like a little
entrance for a ball fuck you fuck you
fuck you ah cut fucking fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuckity fuck fuck fuck fuck shit
fuck fuck time everything
every sign all the time everything's
fine all of the time everything's grand
with your brain instead and everything's
great when you hate this no I don't hate
this game I love this game but I fuck
come on

[Part III]
come on
I am not holding it together
not doing it not holding it together
losing my cool a little bit when it is
at 10:30 it's only been a couple hours
I'm already not holding it together
why am I not hitting this thing okay
wait oh and I forgot to scan the
motherfucking shows our Lord what am i
doing
all right script translated we have
returned to a low for bard here against
our will by a great cataclysm from the
reaches of space
I'll be the air cave casting a dark
shadow of debris over land within the
violence of its it back through though
we perceived this for beyond space time
it was but a curiosity a brief flare in
the infinite March of the universe but
the meteor brought with it corruption
the great poison burst forth visible and
clawing out life was such violence that
we were ripped from our peaceful state
and follow the shadows of a portal for
vilified searching for why we are here
that turned into a little Cosby little
Cosby oh there was there's a little Ruby
in Gubbio
a little glue video Oh any bumps like
this if you like push it against the
wall you kind of like kind of like climb
on it yeah give me give me in there can
I blow on it okay we so we got the new
chosen all our so it was kind of worth
it going back even I fucking got that
fucking shit fuck and a shitty fuck fuck
get through the fucking door scan the
drink Sam's right helps or hurts I don't
know well I guess we'll find out okay
but we got the charge beam really
important I guess maybe maybe it's
important we're gonna say it's important
because if we don't I should save fuck I
should not run into poison mushrooms
fucking mushroom fuck fucking ass
fucking ass mushrooms thank you fucking
mushroom ass out of here
what is rich doing tonight rich is
filming something tonight that is all I
can say he was very upset and at first
he thought that he would be able to
Skype in later but then they they got to
a late start filming so unfortunately he
just cannot much apologies were had to
everyone involved I mean I guess mostly
me apologies to you through me for
Rich's absent but you know he wishes he
could be here
light fuck mushrooms fuck
poison fuck everything fuck what am I
going let's figure out where I'm going
first number one where am I going what
am i doing this way okay um he's filming
something that I'm pretty sure you will
enjoy that is all I can say it sounds
like it sounds like the thing he's
filming something I wouldn't enjoy so
I'm assuming you all would enjoy it as
well
yeah I just couldn't make it tonight
unfortunately but I'm still here
streaming for you or bacon funny voices
that's all I do
OOP did you do all right
excelsior is it
luminescent cylinders functioning at 80%
well shit that was close
that's fucking god damn did I fell off
the thing did I fall off the goddamn
thing
where am I no I didn't okay great and we
are filming another best of the worst
soon someone brought up like someone
recently brought up on the red it's
something that's brought up every once
in a while which is the shit fuck fuck
who saw that coming
over there that was fucking coming
someone brought up on the red it's
recently the lack of content recently
and as you guys know guys I know we talk
about a lot last couple of weeks have
been pretty space cop heavy dedicated a
lot of good filming down on space cop
and we filmed an episode of best of the
worst so last week
if I had a mouse and keyboard you'd be
so fucking dead and we're filming
another episode of the best worse this
upcoming week which is very exciting
subscription Timothy Sinclair thank you
for subscribing I really appreciate it
especially during this non-subscription
notice stream very brave of you you
don't get the you don't get the rich
saying what the fuck
we'll make sure he says it's you later
next time riches in the stream make sure
he what the fuck see oh you can just
shoot him once and make there I turn off
well now I feel silly dodging them
please rate in the chozo mutant dragon
says Jack next time you read a VHS box
on best of the worst please read it in
the chozo voice yes my answer to that is
yes right things oh this must be a boss
encounter
right that's the only thing health
pellets mean everyone knows that well
like when when you get a bunch of health
in a game that's all that means is that
a boss encounter is coming up do I have
to go through here I might have to go
through the goop I can't be right can it
okay now here we go there's a there's a
secret yeah how do I get out here
dizzy button there is a hidden secret
that I'm sure was not hidden at all like
this wasn't oh my god yeah terrible I'm
terrible at this game alright any game
whatever okay here we go whoa
so just nothing in here is just goddamn
it good yeah okay here we go here we go
here we go now here we go here we go
here we go now check maybe check baby 1
2 3 oh but who a thing go
yeah
OOP nope
nope
I changed how do you
look this is an organ
okay that
I'm trying to like target the bugs I was
unable to target the bugs
bugs bugs bugs bugs
fucking bugs
Ragan bunks Wow
you know it's a it's a game with
automatic targeting shouldn't be this
hard there we are
alright here we go here we are
well come on let's three times in tender
where's my Nintendo rule
yeah the broken antenna roll
that's rule number one Nintendo after
three times I went yeah I shouldn't be
this hard right no it's fine it's fine
that was mostly kidding mostly kidding
boy here Dave goes to Manhattan yes Jack
I sent three DVDs in yellow tape got him
I don't know I don't get the mail
I don't get the mail
there's like a special way to like get
super jumps just remember all this now
okay great
got the morph ball bomb very helpful
we structural weakness here we go this
is how we do it this is how we do all
the parties here on the west side and
the body yeah yeah I have a soft spot in
my heart for Motown Philly it's back
again with it I remember the 90s riot
that's all it is
don't mean oh I get it I get everything
what the fuck is that
praising creatures smaller than a cell
phone we'll only from within I get it
look at that thing look at how great
that thing is so now it's gonna be a
little like oh I want to eat this right
yeah I got do with my blob I'm so smart
yes salvar t spurt oh can someone um
well thank you octo J actor J just
posted the PIO box before sending us VHS
tapes or bad movies we like it we like
it when we get bad movies it makes us
happy forget that please because we
watch that I can't wait I'll stop doing
that voice now I don't know how you guys
feel about it it's like it's very
Professor Frink and I kind of like it oh
thank you John B is zapped powers thank
you for subscribing
I truly appreciate it thank you for
subscribing to funny voice time
do you accept a region two DVDs um I
don't know I want to say the DVD player
at the studio is region free ie plays
all regions but it might not so like I
don't know this is the real truth about
me and the amount of my knowing it's not
it's not several platforms in the other
room oh oh oh I see
platforms are moving
are they not moving anymore did I run
out of juice anymore juice
I can give you juice absol
I took too long the platform's forgot
how to move
I can only assume uh cherry dare do it
did it I don't know
I think I didn't do it I want to say
that I need to hit this button and make
it up to the other one in time all right
here we go driving it
here we go here we go run run run run
jump and jump and jump great it helps if
I say what I do just helps me
this guy goes more platforms get raised
oh I don't hear the buzzer anymore so I
don't think I'm under the time
constraint anymore but I could be been
in that door before I have I think
that's the door I came in okay all right
great
we did it anything is possible guys
anything is possible
you know like there's like a hidden
thing here
I have to remember how this work so it's
like here then another one and then no
one up here here another one I want up
here
I don't think there's anything up there
it's a way to double jump with these
guys and I forget how it goes
yay energy tank
what Oxford J I just I just glanced back
at the chat and I for J says I used to
have a pair of 8-inch platform boots for
some reason oxygen a what how how could
how is that comfortable
we're not even talk about how to looked
sure it looked ridiculous but how is
that comfortable
I could even get along and get around in
that oh thank you leftover beefcake
shucks test Chuck's tests thank you for
subscribing I really appreciate it thank
you very much
whoo there was a thing in there I just
don't play yeah okay what do I need to
do now time is it it's almost 11:00 guys
probably gonna ramp this up in a like a
half an hour just wanna let you know
that solid three hours
I was dreaming Metroid Prime I hope
everyone realizes what an amazing game
this is because it is enough said
let's go
and I want to say that a lot of my
Planes Trains employ heads what are you
talking about put the thing in the thing
of course I want to say that a lot of my
praises you know like whatever video
game talk would come up and we always
talked you know he eventually the topic
of a video game that got it right would
uh would come up I would always point to
Metroid Prime and I think dicks I think
I think that I'm right I think that I
was correct in my assessment that indeed
oh shit that was a dumb idea that indeed
Metroid Prime got it right for a lot for
a lot of this a lot of this is really is
really fluid and you know we have a
couple cutscene not not even cutscenes
like a couple a couple moments that kind
of take you out of of Samus about the
very short and
and so far there have been no real
cutscenes you know where Samus is
talking to someone and you're really
just not playing anything all story is
is all internal here which is great you
just cover things at your own pace the
story is optional I think that's an
important I think that's an important
point it's like discovering the story is
optional it's a little this is a little
more linear than I remember it being you
know like there's definitely a proper
order to do things not saying that's
necessarily a good or bad thing it's
just yet as compared with Super Metroid
everyone remember Super Metroid it's a
lot more linear which is fine which is
fine they're different games different
games for different times can this be
open with this one
why are you ignoring olive oil because I
haven't seen boyhood I've noticed that
every months mentioning boy I did but I
have not seen boyhood great
so I cannot unfortunately I can't join
in on your boyhood miss because I have
not seen the greatest movie made in our
generation Harlem were friends yes I
know where my children are Metroid Prime
does it's it's this is a really fun game
I wish in a perfect world we could get
Metroid Prime on a PC like we we could
get this with a little bit better
controls the controls are little their
little jank in a perfect world this
could be on PC it is still active great
I don't remember if we if the wii
controls were any good I can't imagine I
just can't imagine they were that much
greater but I'm already like I'm you
know just a couple hours in them
definitely
the controls are best done we know you
know I it could be I just I don't
remember pointing the Wiimote at the TV
for long stretches I believe it oh
that's right okay though that thing okay
I think that would be a hard part is
pointing the Wii mode at the screen for
long stretches but listen it's this is
nice this is a nice and I'm definitely
like I've grown acclimated to the weird
controls a lot faster than I thought I
would I really thought that this was
going to be a a rougher we a rougher
game than it has been so
you know you definitely get used to the
locked-down aiming and the only strafe
only strafe when you get out I know I
know shit shit shit
everything's fine anything sighs tell me
about it everything's fine everything's
fine can we bring back HR jokes
the very next comment is boyhood three
two three four four two three oh man
these men will be these men will be
hailed as Oscar winners how about that
new iPad head back that jingle head back
this way looks like we're coming to a
thing there's a thing I see a thing
gonna do a thing you know what whoa whoa
let's thing it up whoa whoa dang it up
nope
I bet samus does that all the time is
what well I think we've discussed
whether or not a shower is really that
bad and I think the general consensus is
it can't be it can't be as bad as we're
all imagining because it was such a
notorious flop
why do we have to do here oh that's
right that's right oh my god of course
this is the whole thing I've been
waiting for this
well you're right and frog in front of
me so Ron I think I got to earlier so I
think I need one more runic symbol fuck
you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck all
of you fuck you
yeah for you to be aiive
great great you gotta find that last
runic symbol tell you
shit fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck did I mention that this
could use some better controls fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck
god fucking fuck fuck dammit fuck damn
fuck damn fuck okay I've already
activated that runic the symbol great ah
damn it
could use some better controls at the
time when this was all we had
oh man I say that as if we did also
didn't have amazing PC first-person
shooters at the time but in any case in
any case
yeah I think I see you guys talking
about like J and Mike's opinion on
boyhood yeah they never like they never
bash it they just said it was kind of
boring which Richard Linklater also said
I don't think it's any I don't think
it's any surprise that it's kind of a
bland film it is what it is and am I
looking for here runic symbol missing
one missing a runic
walls have considerable Oh haters and it
did great it's very boring right it's
very boring and but but like it's also
like it's his kind of movie which can be
boring but it took 12 years to think and
so and you know I think the problem is a
lot of people are getting caught up on
this whole 12 years to make thing which
it doesn't matter how long it takes to
make a movie all that matters is the
movie right what do we say space cop is
gonna space cop is taking seven years to
make that means it's gonna be almost as
good as Boyd
you heard it here for a space cop almost
as good as Boyett campy as good boy it
took 12 years to me space cowboy I took
said
all the things and how to hear all these
things
oh here we go and boss and boss here we
go
boring it goes good or bad well no it's
I mean boring can be good boring can be
bad I don't think it's definitive
the central nervous system is located at
the base of this structure okay great
should probably skin
like flower guy this your plan is the
source of toxic water in the roads
pharkas growth cycle those barracks
exhilarated as a result air requires
their Kazakh exposure to solar energy to
remain active this exposure has made
flowers outer shell thick and durable as
low root systems it's up for negative
honourable however exploit this flaw
when possible comes right weapon fire a
day isn't for short periods okay so
here's the question you you get badass
samus armor right super badass samus
armor you can shoot missiles in your
missile gun thing I have to shoot these
things would be my guess you get super
badass missiles and armor that lets you
roll into a ball and like fucking walk
and lava and double jump right oh here
we go
there we go I see I found it but every
time you scan something and you have to
scan things in order to figure it out
you hear that voice is it worth it
is it worth it for the super badass
armor if you have to hear that voice
this is this is the important question
I'm gonna go ahead and say no oh maybe
I'm gonna go ahead and say maybe
okay now what do I have to do I need to
pay attention he falls down do I shoot
his face
maybe not his face
don't necessarily know what to do after
I shoot down the thing so that's gonna
be
I said something gets exposed when he
falls down oh we gonna oh oh okay oh
that's it okay that's it there we go
there we go we figured it out mom I'll
just figure it out great
oh you there the great jobs boosts your
eyes inspired and that's what you hear
every time you you like have this badass
fight with like an alien
Scyther worm you hear like your chozo
friends be like Oh Salle's you're the
strongest said the best thank you so
much for protecting the universe
think there we go is it worth it is it
worth it to be the badass space hunter
pirate if you hear that voice all time
I'm gonna say yeah worth it oh hey now
hey now
this is much faster
ow ow ow what the frig man
how did you get back up already needed
Tim nope nope nope
what is going on here with all these
okay okay it's gonna move faster fuck
you Scyther
he looks like a poke of ideas either
mikeycal you upside there okay got a
stun them first then hit one thing and
come over here and hit another thing is
what I'm assuming
okay so now two of them are down so now
this thing goes away
fuck you hit me when you go away okay
we've talked about I always we've talked
about my favorite Pokemon for a while I
always have a soft spot for poison-type
pokémon I don't know why and they're
they're weak against so many things but
I love poison-type pokémon I think
they're cool
yeah I think they're super dope and
co-op
I know my Energy's low I know I'm gonna
die I'm probably gonna die
like I do I got
I move slightly faster in my ball form
so I gotta
okay movin
oh that's right I have fucking missiles
I forgot that it missiles I'm a dweebus
if it's three I got it is it three is
the three did I get it dick I forgot I
forgot that I have missiles I know I see
I see the chat now I forget I shit
there's another one oh there's energy
though there's Energon cubes
I'll get those Energon cubes fuck didn't
do me just good nope nope did I that I
died he got me somehow damn it when was
my life save too long ago probably when
was my last save
it was a while ago is that gonna be oh
look at that didn't get any of that yet
oh my dingus that's what you get for not
paying attention right well no you know
I figured it out I've won a hundred
percent should have saved after I got
some of my dinguses oh yeah yeah well
we'll leave it here for now I don't want
to go through all that again
Oh my dingus is that was fun though
what a fun and exciting game
well the theater stream it is it very
much is it it's super the end of the
stream but it's okay so no like go to
menu
quickly
you forgot to dodge flower goes attack
right I know I know yeah I learned how
to dodge stuff I've forgotten about my
missiles but that's okay that's okay
good night everybody
you gotta save for your health I know
Elvis I'm such a dingus and I'm just
gonna have to be okay
all three prime games for ten bucks all
guys that worth it Jack sorry for asking
this but what was your favorite GameCube
game I mean I there was a bunch I really
enjoyed prime Luigi's Mansion I think
was a really underrated launch title a
really fun game really interesting you
know I really like that what else was
like there are so many cubes Super Mario
Sunshine is something that comes up in
chat a lot like rich and I will talk
about our love of Super Mario Sunshine
and how for some reason people hate it
on Super Mario Sunshine but that was
just the goddamn best game so many cube
games are great they just there weren't
there weren't enough of them you know
and and the ps2 and the Xbox were out
there just weren't enough cube games for
it to be successful and fortunately but
Oh spore what Luigi's Mansion was
totally fun Pikmin I never really got
into I never really got into Pikmin I
want to try that again I do want to try
it there there's the new Pikmin for Wii
U I want to give Pikmin another try I
just couldn't I didn't understand it you
know my crocodile brain I don't
understand
no no that did leave your suit Larry to
put me off - Sierra
parser games no no I just we need to be
smart about that that was a that was a
you know game about trying to get busy
and obviously not the best wand and
listen I had so much fun playing space
quest that one bad game is not gonna
turn me off to it so don't worry I know
that jumpy it's alright
oh that's right it had sunshine it had
Wind Waker it and Wind Waker were rushed
in half finished
you are wrong bleeped Jax sunshine and
Wind Waker are fantastic games Wind
Waker particularly I'm sure the HD
remake is even better but Wind Waker is
a beautiful one of my favorite Zelda
games Wind Waker is could be my most
favorite Zelda game I think it's
beautiful I think it's beautiful and
wonderful you were a Nintendo fan during
the bit Wars Jack I mean yeah usually I
also for a while I didn't have a
Nintendo system and so I just kind of
wished I did I had we had like the weird
Genesis and Saturn's and
HG windwaker is the most beautiful is
the most beautiful I don't I don't know
why sunshine got a bad rap either it was
because it was different you know it was
easy to make fun of because you were you
know a janitor because you can end up
the goop but I really loved the sunshine
I thought it was I thought it was great
I have not played Sorkin Jack if you
don't have all the friend games it's a
good time to pick them up on the Wii U e
store oh that's great - no oxygen yeah
if they're on the I would love to play
this in HD in beautiful HD I just
happened to have it for the Gamecube
already so I didn't want to pay any girl
a double - great card game male a great
smash game if you're into those Paper
Mario yes Ryan cure right crew Paper
Mario is a really great game my wife
played that a lot
my wife played Paper Mario I played the
fuck out of some Paper Mario back when I
wanted to play games and she would just
take it over from me favorite naam
liquid or not alcohol snack I'm I'm I'm
a big sweets fan anything peanut butter
and chocolate Reese's Reese's peanut
butter cups and my favorite problem
that crocodile brain no I will not help
you get exactly well I play a board game
sometime I always play board games but
yes we do have another we want another
board game stream it will happen
yeah just figuring it out we're trying
to maybe get some more are eleven people
in the next board game stream we we're
working on it it will happen I really
want to play betrayal that house on the
hill there's another board game that I
want to do for maybe an episode so you
know you know you know Kirby crystal
shards what are you talking about
board games I write killer7 I never
played I have it now for my Gamecube but
I never actually played it damn you know
telecon I'm not gonna click on that link
I don't know what it is I'm not a good
guy alright that's gonna be it for the
stream tonight but I do want to say
thank you all for coming out I've really
appreciated really appreciate a big
thank you to all the new subscribers
that huge chunk of subscribers that I
missed when we had the technical
problems thank you to all the old
subscribers and and thank you to
everyone for just coming out and
enjoying some great Metroid Prime really
appreciate it I'm gonna go now yeah a
little far away from my computer SEC I
have we're all over there oh my I'm
gonna go
I go over here my computer's
