Jul 19, 2015
Metroid, Metroid Fusion
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/10663463, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foq7YAoK5Uo
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/10670514, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWwXt3W05x8
3:21pm: "Hack & a Half tonight around 8:30pmCDTish. (possible Jack Solo Stream as Rich has not gotten back to me)" (archive.vn/qKCYW)
8:57pm: "Metroid & a Half. With Jack & Rich. NOW!!,!" (archive.vn/sPW0k)

[Part I]
we're not streaming yet we're not
straight but now we're streaming we are
I you know I see the green bar that were
streaming I got a little notification
that 47 viewers recent scribed while you
were away we're streaming rich Oh rich
do you still have your thing on because
I can hear you I can hear us do you have
the stream muted yes what worried so
what you were saying low blow three yeah
somebody in the chat the fighter de
links calls hardway heroes hardway
heroes is low blow through Wayne what
was low blow to blood streets blood we
need to see both of these almost blood
the street is just awful I'm sorry
grandpa I don't mean to get smart with
you um that's exciting it's exciting
that they're making a low blow three
dungeon master blaster says yes a game I
like finally I find it hard to believe
that in over a year this is the the
first and only game we've played that
you have liked how many games do you
think we've played on stream how how
many games do you hate I really I mean
are we getting up to the hub to the
hundred games we've played a hundred
games maybe we've we've now been
streaming for over a year we've been
screaming for 14 months about twice a
week we fucking stream Super Mario
Brothers right
right Oh movie Dix is gonna watch blood
Street you guys can watch with us oh I
don't know I might want to say yes we
can't because we might do it on the show
yeah now we might do it on the show if
the third one's coming out I will trust
me I would love to join movie dicks to
watch blood stream I would absolutely
love it if we can't for business reasons
oh my god
rich I'm playing Metroid for the first
time in so long and I'm kind of glad you
out of that and so long considering how
much to talk about Metroid of like this
is the first time you actually played it
I would be oh I mean you know everyone
remembers playing Super Metroid
relatively recently you know I think
Super Metroid when when people talk
about Metro and I think most of them
talk about Super Metroid talk about this
one this is what I grew up with exactly
well this is what I'm saying is like is
this is a I mean I'm not doing very well
but this is a part of it is what I'm
saying get out of here
look at how ridiculous you look she
looks how are things going things are
going good for so the stream started a
little bit late because I was enjoying
some adult beverages in a park because
it was my brother-in-law's your
brother-in-law's burg it was my
brother-in-law's bird and selling at it
celebrating at a beer garden in the park
and at a beer garden you drink beer and
so I've been I've been drinking all day
which is just a normal things that
happened that happens because I'm an
adult but what that means is tonight
stream is probably gonna be a little
slower fide
and and that's just something everyone's
gonna have to deal with and so and it
took it also took me a little bit longer
to to just get set up in general because
I'm moving a little bit slower oh this
is just a thing and and the reason we're
playing Metroid is because this is the
only thing I had ready to go and getting
literally anything else set up would
have taken twice as long okay I think
people like the Metroid so everyone
likes that right that's a real thing
everyone likes my tribe look at how
ridiculous you look
I am helmet I am more Pro emulation than
than ever yeah I was reading something
today there's a there's a new thing out
it's the the analogue NT the analogue NT
yeah it plays nest games with with an
HDMI out port okay yeah how much would
you pay for that
not emulator Oh like plug in your
cartridges yeah you know they have some
bad fun they have something similar
called the retron 5 and I think that
goes for over a hundred I wouldn't feel
comfortable paying like 50 bucks for
something like that I think $500 shut
the front door
$500 $500 HDMI out mm-hmm for free yeah
yeah
somebody somebody's having fun ripping
somebody off uh you know it's one of
those things where chat it's called the
the analogue NT yeah but the retron 5
already exists that's a weird thing to
me that's just nests for people with too
much money that's just like the retron 5
does like Famicom and nests but like
nothing else that's BS where's like the
retro you know the retron does mass
super nests famicom super Famicon
genesis Game Boy Advance you know like
all that I'm not doing well not doing
well rich but that's ok cuz we're just
we're playing Metroid today and that's
what I that's how it's gonna roll work
de plane de plane us an actual mess
cartridge yeah and HDMI cost you $300
more than the nest did originally that's
even 200 originally I think that's
originally might have been like 150 I
could have been I don't remember for 30
year old 8-bit gaming I I read about
that and I wanted him throw up that's
insane what the fuck are you doing
that is insane you know
the question for me well they get people
like you only you know they're rich I
want to play the natural cartridge Jim
well but see for me it's not even
natural cartridge for me it's natural
experience where it's like you know you
have mo emulators but you're not quite
sure of that is the original game
experience sure it's close enough a
cookie it's 99.9% the original
experience I don't give a fuck 98 98 you
know that's fine but if you want that
authentic experience what you really
need is an old cartridge and a CRT TV
that's a lot of that's a lot of
masturbation these games you want you
want to play battle tap water you want
to play the games as they were intended
to be played not bullshit these games
were these what games were meant to be
played you know I'm the old televisions
these games weren't meant to be played
in a certain way they were they were
meant to be enjoyable experiences they
were meant to be enjoyable experience
they were programmed to be played on a
certain TV and so getting that TV
experience is integral to playing the
games and unless you don't want HDMI
open-ended to be HDMI out nope of the
authors of the old game was for it to be
played on a shitty CR TV monitor exactly
oh I don't like that which is why I'm
playing Metroid right now on my wii u
you know right because I'd like to I'd
like to think that Nintendo at least did
a decent job porting this to the Wii U
like I can only assume but but that's
the real thing is you want the authentic
experience when playing these games
because even something like the retron
has lag to it that has a millisecond lag
the millisecond lag which in your
everyday game won't make a big deal but
you know you play some of these games
and it takes that's the difference
between life and death rich and take
experience this is a real thing settled
and well you know the Wii U is the most
authentic I think you can without
playing this on an NES this is Nintendo
porting their game to the Nintendo oh so
I'm gonna I'm gonna say this is the best
I can do with my with my current setup
okay because I don't have a nice CRT TV
to play retro games on a nice CR TV you
know there are the nice ones there's
like the biggest screen CRT TVs with the
good refresh rates you know there it's a
whole there's a whole culture of people
looking listen it's dumb obviously I
don't care enough to actually go out and
buy a nice CRT TV I do care enough to
like look for about you I'm talking
about this this analog $500 thing which
oh that's dumb ridiculous that's
ridiculous
you would think you'd just be able to
buy a nice converter for under $500 yep
I don't even know if you can buy a nice
converter for under 500 I mean I don't
even know if you can do an analogue to
HDMI converter without any sort of lag I
wonder if that exists
then you're really then it's just
literally people focusing their money
that'll be a thousand dollars right crap
so you're she looking thirty year old
gay can look 1% nicer mm-hmm
I have no idea what I'm doing rich it
frighten you just run around aimlessly
do you find things great I'm not the
biggest fan of classic Metroid yeah it's
just a lot of aimless wandering and
getting lost it was frustrating to me
it's a name like I don't like being lost
being lost it's just frustrating I don't
like how how little health I'm getting
there's very little health you gotta
kill buck guy is to get old yeah but I
can't kill guys Jack to your hipster is
showing I know cinnamon I know and I'm
okay with that I'm okay with my hipster
showing every once in a while like I
said I I don't care enough to actually
like go out and make this happen but I
think about it every once in a while
like I think about getting the nice CRT
TV I've looked into it and usually it's
just too much of a hassle so I say eff
it but you know there are there are
certain games that are only playable in
this format oh my god I have to stop
dying so much yep I did not get lost at
Disney World but I did almost die at
Disney World you like I literally almost
died and you almost died at Disney World
how is that a thing I think I think I've
told the story before but it was a
family vacation to Disney World
okay and we rented those little
motorboat just to go out there there
likes sure and me and my siblings were
driving our motor boats around and
Lagoon and there was a situation where
my my brother ended up hanging towards
me like head-on right okay so you know I
swerved right to get out of his way he
he also like she announces his laugh but
he swerved the same way
oh I swerved the other way and so did he
he ended up not quite hitting me head-on
and he hit me off like to a little bit
to the side mm-hmm
enough so that his boat like jumped up
on mind like it was a ramp
well I swear to God his propeller of his
boat went like inches away from my life
by forehead my head oh my I almost got
hit in the head with a motor boat
propeller at Disney World
that's quite a story I don't know if
you've ever told that before
okay you know who know the chat would
know if they've heard that sir before I
don't know if I've heard that start
before maybe I just wasn't paying
attention when you told that story
before they're the ones they're the ones
who'll know seven stories oh that's part
of the classics collection the classic
rich Evans I was almost killed at Disney
World I'm just no I see those list lists
like online Disney debts poor employee
who got caught up between the rotating
walls the president's displaying that
crushed eye I could have been one of
those people one of those names mm-hmm
some kid fucking around in the boats
it creeps me out thinking that I could
be I could be on that list that could be
my legacy on the Disney list oh man that
could be my legacy that is scary famous
for my death this is what I don't want
to be
this is for Jar Jar I don't want my
legacy to be the way I die uh you know
ya don't want no Mama Cass up in here
yep and I know that's mostly fictitious
the Mama Cass death story but you know
that's what people know now I wonder if
people even associate her with like
being a musician anymore yeah lots of
people choke on ham sandwiches yeah true
yeah fat people choke to death all the
times cuz the counselors shoving food in
their mouths you know what you're right
yeah you know it's Touche
to motherfucking che you know what I
watched last night on your
recommendation rich yeah an honest liar
oh yeah that um Randy the Great Tree
James Randi documenter really fun
documentary yeah really fun a little
depressing overall that ends well but
like the really depressing part was like
you know because for anyone who doesn't
know or didn't hear that story earlier
James Randi was a was a magician who
then dedicated the later part of his
life to debunking frauds specific
specifically yeah like psychics are like
faith healers you know he was big on
just like he was really upset with
people who would use like the tools of
magic deception for personal gain other
than entertainment yeah and and it's a
really fun story but then like you know
he's talking about like debunking these
faith healers who after he proved that
they were liars and scammers just went
on and continued lying and scamming and
we're very wealthy it's just like oh
yeah dickheads are gonna be dickheads
I'm sure he's at least raised awareness
of the issues hopefully you know
hopefully but yeah an honest liar the
the story of James Randi really fun
documentary really really well put
together on Netflix yep really well put
together a little documentary I haven't
found my next bobble to get yet looking
for my next Bob Ulrich you got any
bubbles I've gotten the the ball bobble
which is shockingly unhelpful because
you can't you can't duck and shoot yep
and so the ball Bob will actually just
like makes you a bigger target to
enemies the bomb I don't have the bombs
yet exactly can you leave that first
area without getting the ball Bob Lee no
no there's a there's a thing right away
where you need yeah you need that ball
bobble so I don't even know how fair it
is to say you got that
well I technically I could just be stuck
in the one area and not a fuck can't get
out of here either
just gonna I'm just gonna keep dying I
guess that's fine because I still have
the ball bobble like I don't have to
reget the ball Bob all right
oh yeah collecting data I know that like
Mama Cass actually died of a heart
attack and she probably did not die
choking on a ham sandwich but guess what
that's what everyone's talking about I
know that her choking on a ham sandwich
is like mostly rumor and she just
happened to have a ham sandwich near her
while dying but that's it now
that's her death yeah yeah the the
truthiness of that is gone
no one gives a fuck about the truth so
what'd you guys think of the Batman
review rich what did you think of a
Batman review I think it's good it's
only got 30,000 views though I think I
think it's one of our best to date yeah
it's disheartening though that it's our
best 8:30 fuse you know that's gonna
happen it's gonna take a while for
people to find us I I think the the
comments section has been overwhelmingly
positive if you've taken a look at the
YouTube comments people are really
liking this I'm really like yes I put in
way too much time it's just it because
of the length and because of the amount
of things we talked about mixed in with
you know other work stuff and holiday
weekends and whatnot it just took way
too long to get out but some someone on
the chat is saying a little too in-depth
and that's that's that's so
disheartening to hear no god no that was
that was the point we wanted to be in
depth we wanted to go through it with a
fine-tooth comb like not only because
that's kind of what we want the show to
be but also because like there's a lot
to talk about and the the the great
areas other places in depth that's
exactly right
like you just wanna like is it good or
not fuck man you can read a one-sentence
Twitter paragraph that's not a Twitter
paragraph isn't a real thing by the way
because it's like a you know you can you
can read a blurb is this game good we
wanted to have a conversation about the
game and a conversation cannot happen in
blurbs right we wanted to go in depth
because you know what this game is
complicated and it's it's shades of grey
and and and more so we wanted to
understand wanted you guys to understand
why we were recommending it even though
we were talking really poorly about a
lot of aspects of the game yes yes just
one thing really well yeah it does one
thing really one old thing worse than it
was in the other games this is the thing
they've got they've got their
storytelling crutch oh my god it's so
good it's so good the whole the whole
storytelling thing is so flippin good so
that's the thing and you know I it's not
the newest kid on the block as far as
reviews are concerned and I do think
that hurts I mean obviously that hurts
well and you know that's that's the real
thing is will never will never be the
newest kid on the block we don't we
don't won't get advanced readers who the
fuck would give us one oh right we don't
we do not play by any sort of rules so
no no one would give us an advance
screen which is fine and so that's
that's what our show that's what we want
our stick to be is overly in-depth and
hopefully
how you're supposed to do this Oh
Nintendo hard you forget how hard a
Nintendo hard real elf dammit
Oh missiles okay I got missiles good
about damn time you need to start
begging for likes like everyone else
right like you know that is a that is a
thing by the way oh wait how do you is
it's not just begging for likes it's it
is proven that um if you asks if you ask
for likes and subscribes you are more
likely to get them you know that's
that's why at the end of a lot of
YouTube videos you'll hear people being
like you know oh if you liked this video
like it if you didn't you know or please
subscribe and whatnot like because if
you ask for them you are more likely to
get them that's just a fact from YouTube
but I don't know why that's a fact
people forget to like or subscribe or
you know like just just remind it's like
upselling right like have you ever been
to a store and instead of asking like is
that all you want they say would you
like anything else
oh and was there anything else like if
you ever go to Starbucks
after you're done giving them your order
they'll always say and will there be
anything else because that's like a
subtle I'm selling maybe maybe we should
Jack hmm
maybe we should like and subscribe that
stuff I mean you know yeah I guess I
wouldn't hurt you know
okay I have my missiles good I feel good
about that I think I can get into new
areas now not have my missiles I don't
know if I can get into the orange areas
yet but I got missiles and so that's it
that's the thing rich do you think the
story would have been better if Paul
Dini was involved you know what he was
involved with City and the story in city
just completely loses focus after a
while so no I'm really not convinced
that that would be the case
the Scarecrow might have felt less like
a different entity entirely oh man did I
hate the Scarecrow I can't fault the
actual writing I mean the the Joker's
lines the Joker right I mean in this
game that's the thing the Joker is the
only also spoiler alert we're for anyone
who hasn't seen the review or who hasn't
seen her hasn't played Arkham Knight
we're about to talk about Arkham writing
some spoilery stuff The Joker makes the
game 100% if it was like if that if it
was the exact same game without the
Joker I would have I would have not been
recommending it quite probably think
about it but then again if they weren't
doing that I mean that was so central
they probably would have done something
else entirely if it weren't for the
Joker anyway so I don't know I mean I
mean that was the personality of that
segment of the game is what sold me on
it so I can either confirm I cannot say
for sure whether or not I would have
still liked the game had the Joker not
been in it
Sears here's question here's the
question
alright let's say let's say you know
Batman driving around and Hot Pursuit in
the Batmobile hmm what say he did
accidentally kill a pedestrian
how did Bruce Wayne react to that
what do you retire would he turn himself
in would he would he just stop using the
Batmobile oh he would retire yep if he I
mean if he was still threatening though
I poison Gotham City he would never you
wouldn't come out of retirement I don't
know like you know because here's the
other part like I don't know if we
discussed this or if this is something
we forgot to and I cut out or whatnot
but so there's the point there's a point
in Arkham Knight in which you witness
Barbara Gordon put a gun to her head and
pull the trigger because she is
inundated with fear toxin and you you
witness her take her own life which was
a really powerful moment oh yeah this is
something I cut from the episode which
was really powerful and it was it was
great and Batman is a fuckin devastated
as you would imagine Batman would be
yeah all it takes is one line from one
line from Alfred and he's back in the
game
Alfred says one thing like you know what
master Bruce everything's gonna be fine
you know it's more important that you
save the city and he's like okay I mean
Batman Batman is the cold logical mind
really I mean I can't say that's not a
character okay you see the cold logical
mind I think so
I always thought like the bat you know
Batman I'd but he does have his cute you
know
damnit
yeah he still has his coat but I mean
Barbara Gordon said what can you do you
can't change that you can only you can
only go on try and stop scarecrow well
and I guess this is what I'm saying is
I'm using a case from the game to to say
like maybe if you kill the pedestrian
he'd probably be sad about it but you
know them's the breaks
shouldn't have been in Gotham so maybe
he's a dickhead I don't know it's just a
horrible dick in the question is can you
not open that red door not with missiles
yes you can huh
it takes multiple missiles oh there's a
big multiple missiles I'm pretty sure
yeah it might take five you might have
wasted well I got five back now go back
I'm gonna Jack where are you going I
have no idea I wanna I want to be very
clear that I have no idea where I'm
going or what I'm doing this is metroid
by design you have no idea where you're
going or what you're doing
yep at least at least this first Metroid
this is classic Nintendo heart I think I
think super metroids less aimless yeah
Super Metroid has a little more purpose
to it okay here we go ready one yeah two
three four five
oh my god that's dumb bet it takes five
to get you there
I'm sorry I mean you should be a little
more life I think I think I got a more
life upgrade excellent or what did I get
what did I get I don't fucking know
oh I think I got the if I hold that
maybe that's it if I hold down the shoes
Bob the butt bombs no I didn't get the
butt bombs and now if I hold down the
shoot button I shoot a lot but I don't
know if I had that before cuz I never
did it before
oh that's very helpful a long shot thank
you Thank You Chad is that one yes that
was Chad
Thank You Jenn people started saying I
can't give anyone credit I'm not sure
who said it first so that is very very
helpful crap they're coming back very
helpful now I can take out these fuckers
from a distance and I didn't do it there
we go now now we're building up an
arsenal Jack did you go into that tube
there's a tube go back to the room with
the thing go back to where you got the
long shot
okay go with the wall and roll into the
tube yes Vista - I did
I missed it - oh but I don't have bombs
you need bomb so you get the tool no I
can get into the tube but I can't go
anywhere okay because you get you get to
a wall okay welcome back mr. Jaspan all
I need bombs
mr. shy smile I need fucking bombs
you're gonna have to settle down
okay okay there we go so in any case I
don't know maybe Batman would get over
it maybe you wouldn't the you know the
real question is if he if he's suddenly
and inexplicably killed a pedestrian on
accident right he's yeah he's driving
the Batmobile to stop to face not even
Joe not not even the main villain okay
to face right I think it's sad that
two-face is relegated to that kind of
secondary status I like to fish you
should like okay he's great but this is
what I'm saying is like like what I'm
saying is like to face isn't holding the
whole city hostage in two phases robbing
a bank and so like that's the level and
just on his way to stop a bank robbery
you no no no but nobody's even at the
bank
he's just trying to protect money he
accidentally hits the pedestrian so he
didn't he didn't like save lives by
spending a life he just saved somebody's
money yes he accidentally kills a
pedestrian he's the worst person he
values money more than he does human
life you know rich people they'll give
me that no if it's that bad how long
would it take him for just for him to
just like kill start killing other
people like would that loosen his code
at all he's like I am already killed
once you would have to deliberately kill
a villain for that kind of effect to
take place hmm like killing the Joker
may or may not lead to a bloodthirsty
Batman is there one
I'm not I'm not sure what the answer
even is but that's the quick look at my
question yes I don't think I don't think
killing it
the Istrian on accident goes down that
road what leads to a bloodthirsty Batman
Oh what is this this is a special area
adorable little monsters in here
probably nothing I can do in here what
he says rich people can be nice I'm
gonna I'm gonna leave you with a server
a service quote service the earthwork
service the aardvark yeah what's that
rich people rich people are rich people
first and everything else second what
service the aardvark never heard of
service the apparently none it's an
independent comic book a classic one buy
and called Dave sim who at some point
one crazy thought he talked to God and
and the book went completely off the
rails no okay
the whole chemical services were going
to be one 300 issue who owned the story
mmm-hmm
he made it to 300 but the whole second
half is batshit crazy okay google
Cerebus goes fake brilliant to to like
literally mad okay cool
you know what cool okay
okay cool Batman yeah Batman Oh Oh extra
enemies now interesting now that I have
a couple upgrades more enemies show up
at the beginning interesting very
interesting I was gonna say I was just
reading kind of speaking of Batman kind
of speaking of Arkham Knight um I've
been I've been consciously trying to
read more comic books lately because you
know it's been a while and you know I
feel like there's a lot there's a lot of
books out there that need some love and
and I've I've decided that like I've
been I've been kind of not willfully but
maybe unjust fully pooh-poohing on DC
comic books you know I don't read a lot
of DC I'm usually on the Marvel guy I've
read a lot of Marvel and I felt like I
should pick up a couple DC books how
could you ever get invested in DC comic
book when the continuity is just gonna
change every few years everything
probably frustrating to be a current day
DC Comics fan they just did the new 52
right which which rebooted the
continuity and by the way after the new
52 they have not they're now doing the
new number ones which they're rebooting
again rich
it's crazy too they're rebooting the
reboots but you know still like I don't
want I don't want to just write them off
entirely because there might be some
good stuff in there and I don't you know
I don't necessarily want to limit myself
to just the Marvel stuff and yes Chad I
know Marvel did that with one more day
that's that's why I stopped reading
spider-man
why I stopped reading comic books your
point feels yeah yeah which is done with
comic books but I'm not yet I'm not
ready to be
I mean I'm close because in my attempts
to try to even read more comic books
it's failing miserably because they're
all batshit insane and I can keep up
with the storyline but I found one that
I thought might be a good fit for me
which is the the Superman Wonder Woman
series in the in the new 52 timeline
Superman and Wonder Woman hook which of
course rich they get it they do the dirt
like no one else nerd
I don't mean to sound like a horrible ad
exec but you know they they do Superman
and Wonder Woman get together which by
the way was enough of a selling point
for me where in my head like the
Superman and Wonder Woman having to deal
with their relationship and their
characters are very different you know
how they handle fighting and how they
handle being super-powered people is
very different from one another
uh-huh and so I was like oh this could
be fun you know like cuz the the fun of
a spider-man book was usually never the
fight it was how he dealt with everyday
life on top of being spider-man yeah and
so to me it was like oh here's here's
some like everyday life situation for
Superman and Wonder Woman you know
dealing with a relationship dealing with
different people whilst also I think I
went in this door already while also
being super people so I was like okay I
saw about the first trade of the
Superman Wonder Woman comic that really
sucks if you were a fan of DC who was
fond of the Superman and Lois marriage
she was that really like a gut punch
absolutely they'd be a slap in the face
yeah I'd be a slap in the face to every
fan but you know for me get out of here
they always want jumping on points and I
always see them as jumping off points
well it's both all right it works for me
as a jumping on point except for it
didn't because their stories were
batshit insane okay mostly because the
the Superman and Wonder Woman comics
were also part of other storylines
and so I would get like a one panel
explanation of what was going on in the
entirety of the rest of the DC Universe
and then this story would pick up no
jack people in the chat have been
telling that Superman is not driving
around on a motorcycle has that been
your experience I have not gotten to
that point yet I do here which is
something that in general I'm excited
about that Superman's powers are now
diminished back to original Superman
powers and original Superman powers is
he was just really strong and could jump
really far yeah
able to leap a tall building yes and if
that's the case then I'm down like a
clown because Superman needs to be
nerved this is a real thing
Superman is too powerful for his own
good
it you know what it worked for very well
for many many decades
mm-hmm just who you're trying to appeal
to what your message is sure sure sure
sure I've you know I don't know like I I
don't I don't think well especially with
how DC has been writing him lately for
example like the Zack Snyder Superman
him being an all powerful demigod does
not necessarily work with that character
okay because of course the big conflict
was Superman being the all-powerful
being that he is is not how hard he
punches someone it's how he deals with
the rest of humanity yeah and so
bringing him back down to a level of
like not being able to punch his way out
of everything could actually humanize
him a little bit and therefore you know
do a better job of their dealing with
the burden of being and your god I mean
you'd get some drama out of that too if
you just don't focus on punching the
villain in the face sure sure
crap okay I miss all that no click rich
yeah I don't know fuck it up I don't
know where I'm going Metroid you're not
supposed to know your honor that was the
whole point
yeah I think the the fatal flaw in me
playing Metroid right now is that you
keep jumping into those bird two things
rather than shooting at one I keep
jumping into the bird things I don't
have at the current moment I don't have
the necessary mental fortitude to
remember exactly where everything is
okay I guess you could remember I said
it just seems like a lot to memorize to
me I just I I my memories of the
original Metroid are just being a big
fucking headache no I could see like if
I wasn't I mean basically I'm what I'm
saying is I think if I was sober I would
say like okay you know go up one flight
then you know turn left and this is the
place with that you were working on but
I'm not quite there right now maybe I
should play a baby game maybe I should
play a baby game also you only start
with 30 health that's really that's very
interesting
I'm sorry don't be sorry I just you know
that's I think that's terribly
interesting that that you don't start at
100% health huh I think it's great
just interesting you need to earn some
health
could you play metroid zero mission
instead maybe maybe I could play zero
mission instead is that available once
which one is your own mission zero
mission is the one um it was for the
Game Boy Advance let's pretend I don't
know all that much about that's right
okay it's supposed to be like the
prequel hold on for a second you know
what how about this let me check let me
check if I can play metroid zero mission
is this a story that requires a prequel
well no that's just what it was I'm
gonna check if I can play metroid zero
mission I'm checking right now cuz yes I
would love to play metroid zero mission
I think that would be that would be good
fun I've played back in before and
that's a good fun game and at the end
you get to play and Samus is zero suit
hold on everyone I'm checking your
machine is better in every way so yes
okay well good if I can I will
is it available I guess here's the real
question is is it available for the Wii
U this is the real question because if
it's available for the Wii U then yes
I'll just get it and and we'll play that
cert 42 wants you to play harvest but
that's not I mean that's not gonna
happen
I like the earlier harvest pose before
they became like stupid and for babies I
said well you know what I've never I've
never actually played offers moon I have
a preconceived notion about hours moon
no they're they're kind of interesting
until they started going for like the
animal crossing barking until they
started going for the animal crossing
market they were kind of interesting no
okay well there you go then I mean you
you run your farm you have to you only
have a limited amount of time every day
you got a water all your crops there
there's a whole town you can you get you
can make friends but that eats time
using I'd find yourself a wife have some
babies oh you could really do that
chickens there's usually like five or so
eligible bachelorettes know by some
chickens
you buy one chicken and then use the
eggs to make more of your own without
buying them it's all about growing this
rundown farm into something that that's
vibrant oh I don't know if I would like
that I might like that I don't know
okay search I haven't been paying
attention to the chat what does the jet
say about um oh man rich is gone now
it's goodbye rich it was nice having you
see you later Richie Rich is gone
oh there's only metroid fusion available
the only Metroid Fusion
what's Metroid Fusion is that a fun game
is metroid fusion a fun game cuz we
could play that nope here's rich again
rich nope
this is totally rich Fusion is great to
play the one game you know the one well
you know what why don't we just play
fusion and oh here's rich again rich
look what happened yeah this is you it's
me I don't know my internet seems were
like I didn't cut this room didn't cut
or anything so I assume it's you I never
lost my internet connection so Wow or it
could be Skype I don't know you're still
here or do we get cut off oh god what
were we talking about I have no idea oh
harvest bill well yeah we're talking
about Harvest Moon they all think you're
gonna play Harvest Moon down I'm not
terrified I'm totally not gonna play
Harvest Moon
they don't have metroid zero mission
they do have Metroid Fusion so I'm gonna
play Metroid Fusion okay
in just one second yeah I like I like I
don't know that would make for a very
good stream I can't imagine no that
sounds like that sounds like a terrible
stream unless of course like you're
streaming for an incredibly long amount
of time it's it's almost like just the
town aspects of an RPG wouldn't be it's
fine
rich everything's fine most of the time
everything's fine most of the time we're
down I'm downloading it right now I'm
gonna switch up we're gonna take this
moment to thank some people I have a
thing here and I can thank people and
I'm gonna do it this microphone over and
I'm gonna thank some people okay let's
see who do we have here we have Mario
Mario 42 Krieger seven eight three
collecting data
Wilkins of a clown read the firket four

[Part II]
try homeopathy that point you guys to
the James Randi documentary again right
right once once once on stage during
Mitaka the-- at the beginning of the
talk James Randi took a a overdose of
homeopathic sleeping pills he was of
course fine yes as one would expect I
just skipped the cutscene
here we go
I've been assigned to watch over
biologics research team so I once again
found myself on the surface of sr388
yeah that's right
Samus is gonna sound like space cab now
that's fine she could sound like it's
all fun just one light you know she's
blowing up gameplay was the game boy at
fast one right this is the gameboy
advance on yep it was there that I was
attacked by a life-form
I had never encountered before well us
lots of Harvest Moon hate in the street
really yep
it was only later that I learned the
identity of my attacker the parasitic
organism we now know as X unaware of my
condition I was returning to the station
when disaster struck once the ex had
infested my central nervous system I
lost consciousness and my ship drifted
into the asteroid belt anything he do
voice acting the ship's emergency
systems automatically ejected the escape
pod before impact biologics vessel
recovered it and transported me to the
Galactic Federation headquarters however
during the journey the X multiplied
within me corrupting large areas of my
power suit and then came to life that
the organic components of my power suit
had become so integrated with my system
that it could not be removed while I was
unconscious large portions of my suit
had to be surgically removed
dramatically altering my physical
appearance and my voice however the X in
my central nervous system were too
embedded to be removed safely I was
given a minimum chance of survival this
is a lot of backstory for a metroid game
yep
then someone found a cure
paper-boat nope
what is it
I don't think this could approves of all
the story biscuit it's not like all this
but they proposed using a metric it
seems that the Federation advantage
should preserve a cell culture from the
last infant metroid of sr388 yeah I
think he's I think he's confused by my
voice and Oh what you're doing the voice
could you say come with me if you want
to live come with me if you want to live
that's that doesn't sound good
that sound like terminator somebody said
you sounded like Michael Biehn and I
just wipe it it's just that
Oh like Michael Biehn you know what I
was thinking of Terminator 2 oh no when
Arnold says it come with me if you want
to live
yeah it's a little Michael beanie let's
see here this serum was prepared and
injected without delay
I think biscuit is more so it just like
is confused as to why I'm just sitting
talking to myself I'll say they were the
x-parasites were destroyed yes
the old bean factory that's right
as for me one life ended yet I survived
reborn as something different
we need a biscuit emoticon hi how are
you dealing with all the story jack you
know I get it I also like more so it's
just like yeah you know tell me what the
point is
and then like you you could have doled
out this story a little bit a little bit
more maybe with some game delay in
between him but it's fine it's fine
you go to a place I'm gonna do a thing
the ship's computer has notified me of
our approach to the biologic space labs
or BSL research station during my
surgery the research said the research
team sent the last batch of creatures we
captured there as well as the infected
pieces of my power suit after regaining
consciousness I learned that an
unexplained explosion rocked the station
for some reason this whole Kinane 'less
fear in my heart and now I am being sent
there to investigate I'm just gonna get
more rugged and manly that's fine my
mission on the BSL station will be
overseen by my new ship's computer
following the commands of his blond
computer ico is something I have to bear
as it was a condition of my day
are you okay Jack no if you lost your
mind mine is almost lost rich how have
you of all people not skip the ship yeah
I was doing a voice I know people like
the voices it wasn't necessarily a funny
voice I was hoping that something in the
text would would be funny yes yeah
I'm doing a voice I know I know I get it
just going on for so long it went on for
way too long here's the real thing that
the first metric Metroid game needed a
map I love having a pepper yeah even if
it's a map that you only have like after
you discover an area I love having a map
I fucking love having a map
okay here we go
and you know this is a nice unlike some
of the other games this has a nice
explanation for why you're finding all
the pieces to your suit while you're
finding all the power of armor because
they were all infected and brought to
the station so you know nice explanation
the shoulder buttons this is Game Boy
Advance right shoulder button should do
something maybe maybe not yet baby you
get a thing later oh sure all right
sorry just learning the controls here we
go all right
maps are for pussys jacket yeah you know
neptr I think helpful should have called
this Metroid blue-jean illusion did you
was that really trying rich oh my god
you know that was something you get you
got to make it different and I think
eventually you'll pick up the rest of
your suit and it'll look more like
classic samus button shut says soul
shoulder buttons make you aim diagonally
they sure do there you go
there you go oh but only the left
shoulder button does that the quarantine
Bay is ahead rich let's do this let's do
this
oh I get a little spotlight thing samus
isn't down now bitch
Sam this is gonna fuck up you today I
don't have my motifs like what is going
on
Sam this is now doom guy shouting we're
on our c-plus game tonight
sure you think yeah whatever
I was still not feeling great all right
it's just I'm sorry it's the thing
that is just you that is just thing
tonight I'm I'm sorry that you feel like
we're on our c-plus game tonight not a
lot of new stuff to talk about since
since Wednesday I was really hoping to
see ant-man
this weekend yep I just don't give a
rat's ass I know you don't but I kind of
do
only because I would you would you would
you care if it weren't part of the
Marvel Cinematic Universe you mean like
if it was a fantastic four kind of thing
oh yeah like still it's still the
ant-man we all know or that no one knows
he's still the AMIA that no one knows
yes but it wasn't part of the Marvel
Cinematic Universe
yes no I wouldn't care as much okay big
money doing well but here's the thing
they have proven to me that that they
know how to make quality movies and in
general I like superhero movies and so
well the same producers behind everyone
okay James Fiji Fiji is behind every
movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe
this is unfortunate news the specimens
brought back by the field team were
infected by expertise you were almost
killed by an ex infected only by my
trying to do great
so that's the thing is like and I've
heard decent things about a men I like
Paul Rudd there's a lot of reasons for
me to see the movie
isn't gonna be able to save that toy
train set right maybe large is fine you
know I'm okay if there's finally a
superhero moving with lower stakes he's
the heart of teamriche he's the hat the
head of the team don't you get it as a
metaphor
out of the team yeah no I'd like that's
the thing is I'm looking forward to -
kind of - you know a smaller scale a
smaller scale superhero movie it's nice
I like superhero movies I have not yet
been fatigued by superhero movies
superheroes saturation and you know
that's fine I can see that there are
people who just are not fans of the
superhero genre anymore I could see them
100% being fatigued every dizzy
superhero movie every fucking week
downloadable weapon data great ended the
data room to download missile beta lucky
out download some missile fuckin data
I was fatigued after Avengers 2 however
I not I cuz I like fucking superheroes I
like the idea of people being able to
punch other people really hard I think
that's awesome that's you know and then
the hope is we we get a decent story
behind that I'm a little more reality
down it's a usually superhero movie has
a fun sci-fi element to it and I enjoy
sci-fi shit
so you know I haven't gotten there yet
I'm not saying that I won't get there
cuz obviously they're gonna make a
zillion more superhero movies zillion
and three what do you thinks gonna be
the net what was it what was the thing
before superhero movies zombies there's
what kind of is well not really it's
been wonder well Daisy was last yeah the
TV yeah these were all over movies for a
while and I'm trying to think of like
what the what was the big bullet what
was the blockbuster staple before
superheroes dominated everything zombies
were there but you know I don't know if
that was like necessarily blockbuster
vampires yeah and okay maybe it wasn't
just monsters trying to think I'm not
sure I'm not sure what the answer is
Nicolas Cage movies right yeah a Lien's
like like Independence Day so just
monsters like maybe monsters do you know
like there there was like the
Independence Day the destruction move
porn movies
I don't know if there was a thing as
strong as superheroes or a thing now
superheroes are huge they're everywhere
all because of that iron man right right
no not because spider-man movies were
big but I think I think this thing blew
up with iron man well you know not
really with that with feet with Fiji
this is the thing Fiji Oh with this
Marvel the the Marvel's producer head
well if Iron Man didn't work he wouldn't
still be making super no he is like Iron
Man remember Iron Man was not part of
the original plan Iron Man was not
supposed to be as big as it was I don't
care what the plan of work for them
that's the question
because I don't know the original plan
was was the Hulk was gonna be the The
Incredible Hulk was their first Marvel
Cinematic Universe yeah suck yeah then
iron that happened an Iron Man was a
huge gamble
sure but that's besides the point though
well this is what what I'm saying is
like if Ironman didn't work do you have
a Marvel Cinematic Universe that's as
hot as it is now that's a good question
the answer is maybe Ventures is what put
it over the top Avengers which may as
well have starred Iron Man yeah Iron Man
was pretty integral mediocre Captain
America would be a mediocre Thor movie
seems like it might be a different beast
than the first over the fact that oh I'm
just surprised because I know you like
the rocketeers much better movie you
know I feel like sorry I will not deal
with characters right design gun
Jennifer Connelly active woman in the
world
the young Jennifer Connelly sure ain't
hurt in my personal opinion young
Jennifer Connelly might be the most
attractive woman who's ever lived by
quite a few for me yeah I think it's
true no I think that's I think that's
that's a good to know
okay
hi how about hi back
ooh bikini have you seen the movie that
was Bruce Willis's passion project one
where he was a thief are you talking
about oh damn what was I called Hudson
Hawk scene Hudson Hawk I remember like
nothing that happened I remember but
soon
sure Leonard part six and that's I never
heard six from don't possibly SAS like
as far as references go that's pretty oh
sure it's a terrible movie but even like
in the realm of terrible movies like
that's an old reference so Hudson Hong
and they're both I think deliberately
silly that's where it comes from
okay I'm with you now those things that
keep latching onto you aren't those are
things that nearly killed you in the
opening cutscene now she just eats them
like pie because because I of my fancy
blue suit I can absorb those like hi
which is great but apparently they keep
coming back why are you standing on top
of the things that that keep
resurrecting hitting because I want to
be here for the eye I want to hit the
eye
well the I killed me last night away
from the thing that's gonna jump back up
swear to God check it's like herding
cats it's like herding cats it's like
herding cats usually I don't know that's
true I'm sure briskets looking at you
thinking what is he doing it's like I
don't have thumbs
I can handle this don't don't stand
there jack I did it took a while but I
did it so it took a little bit but I did
say what say what
Oh what do you have what oh I died
apparently oh you have to fight prayed
again and this one too oh I'm sure
people love that boss he's like a
monster why do people treat him like
he's a character right there Ridley
I'm just saying I don't get it it wasn't
like he was a memorable possibly
original yeah I beat you that thing much
easier this time I found it everything's
fine everything's fine that did it
yeah I don't get the Ridley Love in
general
not doing the solution just just has a
general and stuff
stink stink pink girl says men I am
supporting this game I am off to have my
Lightman so bored of Metroid or just my
way
you know you see similar places being
poorly sure what do you want John but
I've been stuck up my back the last so I
have been getting out much I don't know
what's you know it's noon
all I know is I really want to be able
to sit down again that's all I know
I was sitting I've heard really great
things about food yeah sounds fantastic
I wish I could do it
I'm sorry rich I mean we can talk about
yeah it's just there's just not much did
you see that they they apparently leaked
the entire plot Batman vs Superman no I
don't know if it's been verified yet but
someone has leaked these suppose it plot
me to buy beautiful Batman vs Superman I
have yet to read it so doe doesn't care
about the movie I might be interesting
to read might be interesting right I
want to know how close I was I guess but
I also might see the movie
I might want to see the movie so then
it's like a do I want that spoil
I haven't understood sitting the movie
so I don't know that I really care about
spoilers everyone talked about the
definitely not everything Death of
Superman looks oh where can I find that
is it on Netflix
it is not on Netflix but um you know
it's it is available streaming like
through Amazon you could probably rent
it no I'm really I'm really
rich reminds me of Neil how how what I
know I have a spoon that's right in my
drawer
which the breeding environments what is
this this Death of Superman thing it's
the death of Superman lives if you don't
you don't know about it back at the the
early 90s after the success of the the
Tim Burton Batman Tim Burton was going
to direct a movie it was gonna be based
on the death of Superman was it up no he
was gonna direct a Superman sequel
called Superman lives but I mean the
movie was gonna be like it was not gonna
be about no no no my rock well about
your honor about it okay but anyway Tim
Burke was going to direct a Superman
movie and Superman was going to be
played by Nicolas Cage with his receding
hairline and long hair and about the
movie that almost but didn't get made
this is a real thing Tim Burton was
going to direct a Superman movie
starring Nicolas Cage and that by itself
is just insane it was Kevin Smith was
the one that we're going to go with in
the end but it was a script it was his
draft that convinced Tim Burton to say
yes to directing it and you know Kevin
Smith has a very famous talk about his
working on the draft of Superman
and you could read Kevin Smith's
screenplay and I've seen some kind of
videos related to this Nic Cage was
originally gonna be wearing some kind of
crazy-ass electric Superman suit like
he's wearing the suit there's like these
John electric things flowing in the suit
that wasn't a digital effect it's just
the way the super adult yeah well you
know if you listen to Kevin Smith's talk
it's a really great story about his
working on the on the screenplay the the
producer had a couple requirements for
Kevin Smith who was working on the
script man one one of the requirements
was he didn't want Superman in the
Superman suit he didn't want him in the
blue tights in the red cape you think
that was lame this is a real thing the
other thing that the producer wanted was
a giant spider battle because he
remembered seeing King Kong as a kid and
he wanted that King Kong moment so he
wanted a battle a giant spider
but and that was it like so so yeah
eventually in in the screenplay Superman
loses his suit and gains is like
electric suit which is hilarious watch
Kevin Smith's talk I I'm excited to see
this documentary outside I want to see
it I don't know when I'll get around to
it but I wanna see it
oh that's alright no flying he also
didn't want no suits no flying and no
giant spider he didn't want him to fly
he didn't want Superman to fly
but you can probably find Kevin Smith
talk all about it
oh yeah I am its to see what's
documentary the Kevin Smith talk is
about available on YouTube and it's
hilarious
I really recommend high really recommend
you finding that there's there's old
thoughts on the Deadpool trailer I
haven't seen the Deadpool trailer I saw
the test footage I thought that was
great if it's anything like that
the movie will be fine they got
something approved with the Deadpool
movie Ryan Reynolds has got something to
prove with the Deadpool movie he really
wants that movie to mark first works
this is like a Salvation story full of
the Wolverine Origins he was and he was
really upset with houses and everyone
hated it too yeah and everyone hated it
but he was also really upset with I
liked how he was portrayed as an actor
how his character ended up he was really
pissed with his
that character
so so for him this is an important thing
perception redemption that's
should be fun should be fun it'll work
as a nice guy I don't know cuz that's
kind of what that fool is he's a nice
guy
let's that's what it is but it's
supposed to be get under him when he's
going up and vulnerable he's probably
vulnerable going up with us Spencer
Fleming that's my guess
next it asked me if I knew if it asked
me if my mission was clear my objective
was clear yeah but it's like oh like all
the trailer stuff is fine you know we
talked about the Batman Superman trailer
trailers can be very deceiving and
trailers are just there to sell us I'm
stuffing so
so in general I try not to care too much
except for one at ashford because that
just look that was once the trailer for
work I am I am now so looking forward to
October 31st I'm glad to find somewhere
to watch it because it's not fucking
stars I named up cable I think according
to the chant last time we asked this
question is it's available for commuting
and instantly instantly well you're
maybe the next day
yeah and so Jay has Hulu and so what
we'll do is we'll have Hamlet assign
them to this Hulu account at the studio
that's that's my plan to watch ash
versus I don't know if it'll work
necessarily
then trying to think of a head anything
else to discuss I talked about like the
Superman versus Wonder Woman Superman
Wonder Woman thing yeah
we talked about wanting to get back into
comics I talked about being okay with
being away from them because it's like
it's like it's a quicksand everything
she's changing I guess it's not quick
Sam what's it like everything it's
always different it's like this erased a
few bucks it's it's hard it's hard to
get up to speed it's it's hard for me to
get excited about Marvel you know
resetting their continuity with Secret
Wars and one of the things I always
liked about Marvel was they're kind of
doing the good point is it gives you a
what did you go on an enter point you
know it gives you a chance
it's a jumping-off point is where you go
jumping off was for me I didn't stick
around after that shit like it for me I
want I want a chance to get it back in
give me an excuse
and put dollars of issues for comic book
anyway total trade creative team that's
gonna last five issues stories and
pictures they got pictures and girls
with big tits are like it huh well it's
so hard to find pictures of girls with
big tits it is this age of Internet yep
can't find it anywhere else find it
anywhere
that's all I thought I was thinking
about while we're even here the Wonder
Woman comic Superman Wonder Woman camera
we're just like damn girl
I know I know you're like a feminist
movement over here bro the way they draw
I want to believe it I want to believe
in comic books for a big part of my life
I'm I'm fine to be away from it yeah
yeah I saw about the old stuff stuff I
like I suppose that's really true it's
like you can always go back
isn't there is there there's some
excitement individual discovery of the
new I'm bored of men in tights punching
each other
yeah a lot of people are I'm not
you know I don't know why I'm not yet
because it's been it's been a big part
of my life
like I haven't even felt an urge to go
back yep it's not there anymore
you've grown up right maybe they just
chased me away that's the more cynical
thought there was something like
creature going on I mean I bet there's
something like roots are going on
somewhere hey the monthly superhero
business I don't know some way I mean I
get it I'm not talking I'm not trying to
sell you a superhero it's possible I
could really good
TV shows pretty good Wow once we get
past the second season well it is a
comic book series right no I know you
second season yeah cuz I remember I said
why don't people like the second season
the second season there were there were
massive budget cuts weren't quite as
sure that the show was gonna stick
around okay and so the entire second
season made sense I find a nice
out-of-the-way spot away from another
urban area put up a large fence you have
for your own food it's the smartest
thing you could do that makes sense
that's not necessarily exciting not
necessarily good is that the second
seasons falters at the faults of the
comic books because I know I'm pretty
sure they go to a farm in the county are
they following the cut where they
following the comics too closely was
that the problem the farm wasn't the
problem
it was how long they stayed so like you
know like you go to the farm you have
your little farm story line and
everybody's happy that's fine but they
stayed at the farm for the entirety of
the second season that's your problem
like you know like and they picked up
some new characters at the farm and
there was an interesting debate at the
farm an interesting post-apocalyptic
debate
but they stretched it out for entire
season and that's where the problem you
know there's some fun stuff some really
great characters it didn't need to be as
long now now that I'm wait up yeah
that's something I should watch over
just death and misery I think there's a
lot of good I want to stay at a positive
mindset would watching The Walking Dead
be upstage that's my question the
walking dead right now that I'm kind of
stuck flying down that is an interesting
question
you know part of me wants to say you
know yes because it's such a good
entertainment that it will take your
mind off of it but it's also a lot of
heartbreak and a lot of people I know
you're not you're not a huge on like the
depression art it's good
it's definitely not something to start
now because it does take so long to get
like really good okay
and so you would just be really
especially the second season you'd be
bored and just pissed off so no now
right now I might not be the second
season I don't know I'm not convinced
I'd be bored you're not convinced you'd
be bored no a lot of people like Star
Wars Jack a lot of people do like sours
you probably meant like
what do you mean by that
you like sorry
oh I'm fine look first two movies when
you say over like overall you look at
upon our favor
I don't like wizards and magic at my
science teacher Star Wars so about
wizards and magic water revealed fate
destiny all that crap I like cold
emotionless science of my science
fiction check that might have been the
nerdy so anything where spirituality is
the answer it's bullshit I just
I now want a t-shirt that says I like
speculative pictures I think I really
want that to happen for me that might be
the nerdiest thing I've ever heard
convenient because that sounds like
you're looking into the housing market
look I
I enjoy books about good mortgage rates
it's got a lot of good moments you know
especially like as as you drawing closer
to like to be into the fourth season
where they are just dealing with like
cold hard practicality of living in the
post-apocalyptic world
I invite I might find that interesting
oh yeah know anything good - like
there's some really good stuff you know
like morality versus survival you know a
lot of good stuff as it gets later on
like you know that second season now
listen it's just it's just boring but if
you can get past it so yeah I say
fucking give it a try and see what
happens like that that new scooby-doo
show that Karen is fond of mmm watching
that and at some point later on in the
show they discover some kind of real
supernatural goings up yep and you know
Velma then the smart one hmm her
skepticism is shaken into this core and
and and she has to accept like spiritual
mumbo-jumbo and it just hurt my soul
jack it's you know a scooby-doo was the
fuckin spoke folks people for scepticism
have to give in to woo wonderfully it
was painful yeah spirituality is never
the answer
it's not it like even she could put a
science and spin on it you know like I
have empirical evidence kind of did that
still hurt I'm with you yeah like I've
seen a little bit of that new scooby-doo
show and I liked how how more obvious
they were with their science versus
mysticism you know I ain't afraid of no
ghosts cuz ghosts a real yo but then
they are and it's almost
let's get these these old texting
cutscenes this is not a game boy
emulator this is a Wii U this is Omni
Wii U
so technically emulation oh yeah it is
Samuel ated it simulated but it's
officially my if that counts rich yeah
do you have any thoughts feelings bowel
movements about the new x-files do you
have any thoughts feelings bowel
movements about really I never really
got into the the classic x-files yeah it
was one of those things where they kept
you know teasing a big major storyline
and I kind of like lost I kind of had a
feeling it would never actually go
anywhere so I never got invested I've
seen some like standalone episodes that
have anything to do with the running
alien plot I quite like them yeah so I I
watched the crap out of x-files when it
first came out
and loved it you know kind of growing up
it was great you know aliens and
monsters and whatnot and Mulder was the
coolest of course yeah at least and I
just like a couple months ago decided we
were gonna rewatch x-files cuz you know
she grew up watching it too and we both
had this fondness for x-files and holy
crap is it bad really
yes we couldn't get through the first
season Mulder is an intolerable prick
well wasn't he always yeah but you know
I guess when you're younger you think of
him as more cool but he's just a Nutter
Butter that's all he is
yeah and and the the tragedy is he's
right no shit just be a kook
but he's right but he doesn't do
anything like he never does anything to
show that he's right he's come up he
fails constantly says yes that's the
hunch he just has a hunch and so like
it's like he's right but he doesn't do
any work to prove that he doesn't earn
it and then you have Scully who's you
know supposed to be the the the science
II lady who at like after the second
episode has seen two crazy phenomenal
mind-blowing science shaking
earth-shattering things here's here's
the painful lesson okay I'm sorry jack
I'm sorry go on
it's it's an easy point which is she's
seen amazing things but still at the
beginning of the next episode of refuses
to believe that this next thing coming
up will be amazing only I really don't
want to step on I'm done okay here's
here's the tragedy jack okay it it it
sucks to be a skeptically minded person
in our society because our society likes
to honor and idolize unthinking belief
in stupidity mm-hmm I agree we the
person who is critical is never the hero
it's always the person I believe I have
faith that's a fiction because it's
fiction because it's fiction because
someone made up the story
and if like turn this targeting computer
off and then the whole we built you this
special computer yes that would have
been more enjoyable I think everyone
agrees that like fate is the lazy
writers plot moving device even people
who like believe in fate malarkey fate
is the laziest plot device ever no
character motivation no no development
just like yeah this is what you're
supposed to do I guess they should do
that huh you were supposed to do it
because I was booked said basically I
when you boil it down my open point is I
hate faith and spirituality hate it yeah
and so that was your problem with
x-files is molderos Oh
we start with Star Wars oh well but I'm
saying like that could also be applied
to x-files whereas last Mulder had faith
in the crazy even though he had no proof
and he was the hero of the story and
Scully was the science e1 being like we
should really figure out the science
Chavez
and she was kind of the bad guy she was
she was be here it's like art course
science fiction like space hey I can
promise you that
but space cop never taps into his his
inner mystical force to solve any
problems in space-time
you heard it here first folks yeah space
cop exclusive he solves every problem
with a laser gun that was made using
cold uncaring science technology rich
Space Camp uses technology to solve
problems he uses so you could end
technology as science right so you could
actually say that space cop uses science
to solve his problem right some part of
me just views Star Wars with spaceships
movies but as a universe I don't don't
much care for well once you get into the
universe you really get into that guy
great I got the blue hatches open rich
ya know I'm like I'm with you
and yeah as much as I like the Star Wars
movies yeah that part should be
bothersome just the whole life because
your destiny you must do this thing well
I don't really want to me but it's your
dad it's a destiny you got to do it I'm
not I have no other words to convince
you probably do it free girl for that
one that said the best of the worst
based mutiny where I says they're there
for flavor when I was talking about the
missile whatever it was I wasn't saying
I approved of it or that I enjoyed it I
was just explaining it space be the one
that everyone said why didn't you
mentioned Mystery Science Theater 3000
reliant no idea it was even odd it's not
a movie I would watch on its own merits
but that way I'm not around holding the
space key fan fiction oh yeah neither am
i not not at all certainly wasn't doing
that
oh that was red-brown was there any I
didn't see that I did not see okay
yeah rib Brown and Cameron Mitchell
that's right I was not there for that
best of the worst
I get morph balls kind of get some more
Falls up a neeraj you just feel like you
forget having not played mess right in a
while like not having the morph ball or
the bomb I'm sorry you should be I don't
know the fourth ball and a mutt ball
bombs those kind of bombs like when
she's bald those two bombs
good question why not just have grenades
uh yeah grenades would probably be
really helpful she's missiles surely
yeah you would think you have access to
these maybe perhaps they're only
accessible from a certain pocket that is
exposed when in more fall because she's
not actually spinning
she is gyroscopically stabilized and
there's actually an interval that she's
in and the outer ball that's really yeah
but that would make sense yeah so that's
what I'm going hope that quote makes
sense as much as how does the gyroscope
spaceball but every now I guess just
wouldn't use morph ball there or you
know it's it's a lot like flight
computers where you kind of have to set
a false horizon in order to properly
calibrate it chap my toothache is either
gone away on its own or it's been
completely masked by the pain in my leg
and mostly linked because that's the
nerve that gets affected from the back
my legs my leg is gonna get better and
then my tooths gonna start moving again
that's just the way it works yeah
once once or like once you're no longer
distracted by her leg baby yeah yeah oh
my god I've got a candy that's gonna
cost more money
have you heard of this think of the
money I haven't it keeps going away
I'm almost done I am - great great
first I'm also almost done with life
sure we we've been getting some very
positive comments about our which I was
reading because I know people have been
saying in general that you know they've
wanted some longer episodes and you know
like they're okay with long summer that
one church said we're to a dentist
oh I mean they're just wrong
we got a couple people so today or
yesterday went up some of the jack solo
streams
and we had some people complaining about
the deck so much which is you know which
is fine you know you know like also some
people like on Twitter wondering where
all of the Jack hate has suddenly come
from and I was like oh come on I'm sorry
jack
oh listen like I'm fine with it I mean
I'm not obviously you know like it
bothers me but it's just like it's not
something that's gonna wreck my day the
thing that really bothers me is I do a
very clear job of like labeling our
cut-up twitch streams yeah so if it's a
Jack solo stream that is clearly labeled
in the description yep yeah and then the
people that watch those knowing it's a
Jack solo stream and uncomplaining that
it's a Jackson trapped people are jerks
oh people are jerks but you know like
I'm trying to I'm trying to you know
give them all the information necessary
you know you might not like a jack so
stream it might be quiet you might not
like a rich soldier it might be quiet
Wow you know here's all the stuff we
talked about during our streams in case
you want that information in case you're
looking for a specific thing you know
trying to do this thing to give all
these plays and then then they complain
anyway it's just like fuckers I know
there's no there what there would be no
streams at all without you jack you
spearheaded the streaming I do you know
I think it's fun I think it's fun it's
just it's just one of those things work
some comments you know flow right off me
you know Jack sucks whatever that flows
right under me but but they're just you
know when they complain about something
that they knew going in you gotta wonder
they complained out of habit that
complain to complain they complain to
complain that's a real thing that's
that's the real thing no just a minor
thing
I'm gonna be done playing that right now
I don't mean to be depressing
no because overall and by the way like
people in chat I do like this I like
conversing with everybody and I know
like there was that period there was
like that that couple week period the
mid month period when we first started
streaming where there were a couple
dickheads you know yeah in the chat and
how much
how great everyone is and I do love that
we come together I love you know that
you guys get together Tuesday nights for
movie dicks I love that we can hang out
doc so it's a positive thing because
it's it is now so rare that these
comments show up but that pissed me off
that I felt I needed to talk about it so
overall it's a positive thing anybody
who was willing to stick around for a 12
hour Dead Rising no death run they're
great in my border great great that's a
special kind of insanity Ridge well and
a couple more new subscribers here it
looks like we have mall rat Cole and
York Linda
woollen thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
oh it's true
we really do so thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thank you for everyone
else we're just coming out for some
Metroid Fusion and some slight Metroid
game possibly too old for me to play
anymore look but well we'll probably
we'll see on Wednesday we'll do a
Wednesday stream as normal and then yeah
peace out we got out we got to look into
getting me better internet here because
I'm looking forward to getting my back
better and streaming some games that use
a mouse you know I think I want to do
the new Wolfenstein rich usually do you
gotta look into it
