Aug 26, 2015
King's Quest, Rocket League
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/14855608, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEV_PFQw7lk
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/14856802, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwH93KyIYrA
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/14858682, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lYRfZtB9-4
"Streaming tonight. Around 8:00pmCDTish. I don’t know what yet… might get weird." (archive.vn/Ebs9R)

[Part I]
do it hit it got us maggot oh no oh no
that's right you didn't you didn't
listen too much no way
many apologies for the delay
all the microphone settings
they got they got switched around when
the commentary track got filmed and
where did said about today we had said
is they had it set to commentator said
any apologies
but quince Omni at thank you
I know we've had this problem with das
games before game on you just just like
the lowest you can possibly make it go
there you go that should be almost like
a possible okay now now after we've said
the lowest it's the possible you can go
how is it now it's terrible
I'm sure it's stable
it's you know what rich it's always
something I'm gonna restart the game
chickens we can see DT story you know
what burger Bonanza I can't explain why
rich and I are terribly quiet you just
have to turn up on your end I'm very
sorry we're listening on our end and it
sounded sort eloquent okay we are up in
OBS it's DOS game I'm muting the game
sound you're just gonna have to hear
microphone oh well they said they said
it was fine after you alright the game
son was fine right now against us back
and we're quite
oh you fucking die
Thank You dick dick neutral says we
sound fine it sounds much better yeah
everything's fine everything's time
great great
okay there we go
alright you should to be rolling don't
we have we have narration it's gonna
happen oh god oh god oh my god
any moment now it's gonna pop up okay so
so wood ian is a lonely lad of seventeen
was lived for as long as he can remember
with an evil and cruel wizard by the
name of Manon and rhodium gazes upon the
countryside of Lulu and Manon and treats
the poor boy like his slave ordering him
about constantly threatening him and
refusing to ever let him leave the
premises often would Ian wonders who he
really is and how he came to live with
gotta go faster man I have to got my
narration on Jack evil wizard Oh
hit it suddenly the front door opens and
why are you not working by their wizard
snares good in mumbles a thing to apply
you have to do good in
okay well this is not the kitchen floor
is filled Oh
Oh the question floor is filthy oh they
don't let you well I think what's the
game proper start setting sure this is
just the the opening good we haven't
technically start or anything no such as
the story of young Williams life to this
point what's a poor boy to do oh well in
resignation would Ian obediently follows
Menon into the house man the house of
evil wizards and chickens chickens all
right we're in the house okay there's a
cat what do you wanna do Jack there's a
cat go pet the cat the thought of doing
anything nice to that obscene ball of
fur makes you sick oh well yeah we know
the music was playing over and over and
over again we're very sorry about that
but the music is over now inside the
house KitKat
why are you kicking the cat hey we don't
like the cat that's been established by
the narration yeah but that doesn't mean
we kick it we just leave it alone pick
up the cat get no gagging something
weird the despicable cat slips away from
your grasp for the fear scratch to your
arm would you then these stupid cat you
stupid fucking can
Kevin zero yes we have the book for the
game open and ready it has like spells
and shit in it look around this is the
main we need a voice for this kid young
slave boy what do we got what do we got
jack'd
what kind of like this sir quantum like
like an English chop can you can you go
a little paw high pitch go and look an
English chop not that high pitch i
bitched something in the bin err I'm
fucked I'm gonna go to my bus Palmer
Courtney okay
sure this is the Moines
to the wizard's house door was to the
south quickie stairs go upstairs and
always lead north and east is that
terrible enough or is that too not
terribly they're like Yellow Submarine
Paul where he's kind of bored this is
the main entry room house doors to the
South creaky stairs go up stairs and
doorways lead north and east okay
there's a moose jack dad that's the most
okay
moose noise the Moo said very carefully
what you say it's not button Oh Edie you
do feel sorry for the poor thing though
okay look around this is one eighths
ismir's
yeah of course not supposed to eat here
you wait in the kitchen there's a table
and benches long enough to see at least
ten people but there was never had any
guests for dinner boys it's just gonna
be however it ends up that's how it ends
up I don't know it's fine I don't give a
shit so good that's a good narrator
voice oh that damn cat is there again
like the cat on fire
you don't you don't want me to kick the
cat but you want me to like the cat on
fire he's just sitting there in the
fireplace don't like the cannon fire
Paul Chryst go I I might do some more
After Effects James yeah kitchen is a
wizard's this is the kitchen or the
Wizards house other than your own bed
Jim this is the only place in the house
that you feel you can call your own the
voice just morphs constantly yeah you're
pretty bad I get up I'm terrible at
accents that's why it's fun you can call
your own it was it rarely enters the
kitchen and cold days a fireplace is a
cozy place to sit
but I'm swimming it will stabilize at
some point
maybe oh rich we have someone who got
mark of the ninja because of you playing
it oh my god I was playing it terrible
what did you think it says a jack tell
rich that he got me suckered into mark
of the ninja and I don't hate him for it
okay I've had something of bread some
fruit and a mutton chop on the table
take mutton job you take the chop and
carry it with you yeah now we got a job
chop it up jam it up jam it up look at
chop we'll get bread you see nothing
special this is a leftover mutton chop
old wizard out and finished eating it
still looks appetizing though no rich
can't do is sunny voice that's that's a
special police quest
yes that's police fascist voice yeah
video and we be towing what voice I'm
doing cuz I think it's terrible isn't
getting vetoed rich you just you need
you need confidence in yourself
I have even if it's terrible I have none
that's what you need to do dick dick my
snack tonight is is an ass energy drink
I'm mad I'm not bering tonight moaning
is a very anonymous very private with
his study and doesn't want keep poking
around rude i don't know now i'm
non-canadian forget the udo disk is
covered with his wharton implements and
i'm not in the corner is shorten the
rear wall the bookshelves are fear with
books in every subject there was it
fancies himself to be quite a scholar
you that was like that was like a
European tour hey
what's a flash bar why should we press
the flash bar the last best of the worst
you know what I didn't finish watching
it I'm sorry I'm I'm very sorry oh yeah
greeted hidden you were assigned a straw
you know what happens to lazy boys
feminine shakes his head and disgust
the kitchen is still dirty when will you
learn to obey up goes the dreaded finger
symphony Zoop clappity to get into goop
that's the magic word spell alright
like like a bad little boy you need to
spend some time in your room
I rent a room okay suddenly for myself
when you're only a room you notice that
the door is closed door is locked
oh look around she wrote beautiful
bedchamber compared to modern runs
foreign realm for the ones also most to
sell the bet is odd and uncomfortable
and with only a third bed blanket and a
small flat pillow the other furnishings
are dock but as poor as it is it's your
own even was the wizard never enters it
oh so it was safe from the wizard oh I
think that's what the game is songs the
wizard never enters Ivan Ivan Ivan it's
here only even sure it's it's yes that's
what I'm going with
all right what's the straw poll say for
riches narrator voice let me check that
get rid of it now hold on they're saying
those people like Paul McCartney that's
not Paul McCartney well the it's Paul
McCartney or they want Michael Caine you
know what Mike okay I'm sure there's
more characters I know there's what's
someone this one
okay so it better be good okay you want
do Michael Caine for the narration sure
do you want to not do that hold on uh
what do we do when we pull the bed is
nothing more than a Colton had n cold
and is difficult to sleep on your pillow
is small flat and made of old rags I
think that's much better
yeah I like that you like Michael Caine
better I'm better than Meade not doing I
just have to constantly remind myself
with what do we do when we fall right
everyone wants Michael Caine
okay great oh oh yeah click at that
bedroom door the old wizard has decided
to free you
by magically unlocking your door that's
fine narrator voice I'm going for
soothing but never what you you have
nothing of interest in that drawer poor
small boy so I think we should clean
that kitchen that's what he wanted right
I think I have no idea it sounds like an
audiobook yeah that's what I mean I
don't know what I'm doing the wizard
that was its oh it's him again am I
supposed to be the boy for the narration
sure even so he just stared at me and
left he didn't say a word
I like that jiggle you got going on
there boy
gwenna didn't that's your name
what wait it in I have decided to take a
javi
bad I mean every voice to do is bad no
that's bad - you don't you don't like my
voice
huh you I mean one should do one then
the other student I think you need to
find a better boy voice you can pull it
out pull it out of your heart rich
because I like my wizard voice that's my
wheelhouse old and scrapped okay but
he's taking a Jimmy
yeah I agree rich needs to narrate and
I'll be the wizard okay so you got you
gotta find the owner just do generic
narrator I suppose you know what you
need to go for like like generic hero
boy you know matter 'non is very private
with this study and doesn't like you
poking around the huge oak desk is
covered with his writing implements said
you know what that's that's a perfect
narrator cuz it's like a hint of Sonny
bonds but like but like a fantasy Sonny
bonds great there's an oak cabinet was
in the corner there is a shot on the
rear ball the bookshelves are filled
with books in every subject there was it
fancies himself to be quite a scholar
there we go
that's nice that's it you know what that
is that's almost like Carrie l use in
Princess Bride that's very nice Cary
Grant
yeah little Carrie maybe I'll do Gary
grins look at books so many books line
me in a bookshelf you wonder when Manon
has time to read them all the titles
cover many subjects from ancient Arabic
mythology to a study of the heavens to
the velocities of Socrates also known as
so-crates secretaries suck my cock and
give again I would love it if you sucked
my gang Cary Grant he was a game wasn't
he a sum all those old-time B stars were
gay I just make that assumption
why not that's the real question okay so
we should go clean the kitchen is what
we were doing right we're doing that
have you - you tell me I don't know what
we're doing we're in this together Jack
the wizard went he wanted a journey on a
journey if they're telling us what to do
don't listen to them this is supposed to
be your exploration of this game more
than my own because I've played this
once ages ago okay no no and they they
haven't told they haven't told me
anything about what to do yet so our
room is a magical place this is the
kitchen of the Wizards house other than
your own bedchamber this is the only
place in the house that you feel you can
call your own there was it rarely enters
the kitchen on cold days the fireplace
is a cozy place to sit well we should go
sit by the fireplace I think look at
fireplace it is as Wow it is as it is it
it is as now summer the need to light a
fire and cook hot food was diminished
the fireplaces at the moment not burning
mmm not burning that fireplace
when was this game released I want to
say here I can look that up for you
really quickly this game was released
1986 or cleaning or cleaning the kitchen
great this was 1986 a a text e type e
adventure game e while we clean the
kitchen as someone who was asking
earlier whether or not I was gonna do
another After Effects dream and yes yeah
I'll do more of those I thought that was
rather fun and by the way I did figure
out how to make the light bars bounce
and rotate oh good it took me it took me
all the next day but I figured it out
and so now they're going very smoothly
bada yeah I'll do more of those people
seem to enjoy that and I definitely
just enjoy working more so yeah we'll do
more those are fun so I think I think we
need to explore where do you want to go
check oh so we are downstairs now
yep what's on the first floor we've only
been in our room on the first floor
how many shots require those light bars
several we see the space cop car often
yeah stick lords I did an aftereffect
stream it went fine and we didn't get
any bad emails or anything start at the
top the house pinky
what the hell is that I don't as a girl
look at that like it's a reflection in
the mirror that's awesome imperfections
in the glass make your reflection wavy
nevertheless your drag show up all too
clearly but though in rags your face is
handsome and your body strong damn girl
you look at man's elegant bedchamber you
see the furnishings from a regal bed to
a beautifully gob closet you can't help
but compare this handsome room to your
own meager cubicle should talk about
that maybe maybe man and spends a lot of
time in that closet yeah I don't look at
in bed sheets things a little that's
funny yes startled to discover at
ancient parchment scroll it's ink is
faded but it seems to be a male taking
this treasure you leave everything else
exactly as it was nice nice
you bang the drug against your shins
repeatedly try backing up come on that's
funny I like that you find bubbles and
trinkets which do not interest you
suddenly your eyes fall on something
that does buy a labelled rose petal
essence which you eagerly take clothes
well fuck you it's close close me rich
but I know ooh check out the chamber pot
where chamber pot has had no yeah you
know man's chamber bud is on the floor
beside his bed oh my god look inside
where yes yes what's aware what's aware
it's a small jar in the very front of
the mahogany vanity open drawer in the
vanity draw many uninteresting items
although the Wizards hand mirror may
come in handy you grab it then close the
drawer
great I like it
we got a mirror we got essence of rose
petals we got like a faded old wizard
map thing right we are fucking on our
way we are on our motherfucking way Oh
directory
this game is old britches got a hack his
own computer I think to get it on there
oh hey Jack you Skrillex ZipZap you are
here in the chat thanks for sending me
that the CD I'm enjoying it I don't know
if I told you that last time saving
might be a problem
why is saving a problem because wanting
to be a problem can you do just like see
: or ketone slash desktop just save it
to the desktop this is the DOS era
there is no such thing as a desktop can
you hop out of here and create a
directory in your in your C Drive to
save it into I know there's a games so
there's an e games folder wait maybe
what's that / that earlier maybe that's
what it's throwing us off everything's
fine dos box I think makes a fake C
Drive so this isn't going to I don't
think this is going to Qatar up my
fucking hey we'll go back in later it's
fine
all right everything's fine we are on ah
where to Jack way okay well now we go
upstairs that fucking cat though gouge
cat's eyes out he's fine you were so
against injuring that cat earlier you're
not looking you want to kill the cat I'm
saying it out of basically I know that
cat is gonna rat on you later right move
can't move can't I can't get up the
stairs it oh yeah
the count is in the way I think so yeah
Oh kisses can't touch them retreat go up
there and type in remove cat god he's
going the wrong way because the
compelling gameplay oh god I'm gonna hit
the cat again
pussy pass oh hey what's that thing in
the ground you've entered the musty
tower of the old Wizards house a
polished brass telescope is directed out
a window from here
Madden inspires upon the poor occupants
of the low end or the loot load or loot
of town Ludo Ludo so it's second oh it's
longer what's that thing
booth it look at floor you see nothing
on the dusty floor but a dead fly you
take the bed fine get flying goodbye
absolutely no pick up the dead fly and
drop it into your hand disgustedly you
look at it I don't want to carry around
the dead fly you think picking off its
wings you throw the rest away
what we have fly wings now we have fly
wings yes
what the fuck kind of game is this oh
who needs this whole dead fly I'll just
take power to the dead flies fine but
your eye on the glass this it means it
amazes you hub near everything seems you
can even see squirrels climbing faraway
trees no one of the wizard knows all
activities in nude or perfect smear own
shit on telescope really fair when the
wizard looks in it later okay cat cat
really can you get in front of the cat
I'm trying oh god the cat let me go nope
Oh God really
the amazing cat adventures of 1986 this
is the only thing they can think of to
pad the game length everywhere you go
the cat's gonna get in the way that's
amazing that's amazing
the only thing over there was a room
right I think so head back there just a
double check yeah okay so upstairs a
telescope bedroom bedroom and then
downstairs is the kitchen and dining
room area so I guess I head into the
dining room
dining room owners office
oh is that a door up there or you know
Salim did we go on that one
that is the egress the egress the exit
to the house fuck it let's go play with
some chickens the lone mountain rises
from the force of new door to this cloud
encircled beak there was the somber
house of Manon n ru and he reside many
men might be my favorite name a couple
of chickens strut about that chicken
coop as all chickens do they pick
scratch and cluck the pool things that
will end up was the old wizards dinner
one day there's a bag of chicken feet
behind the fence beside the chicken coop
let's meet let's feed those fucking
chickens fuck yeah fuck yeah fuck yeah
feeding chickens we're feeding the
chickens yeah yeah you know we're from
that chicken poop put it in your pocket
put put it in your pocket chicken poop
save it for later but don't eat it can
you go in the chicken coop Cyril
instigate yeah get chicken what
those little varmints go in the chicken
coop okay get in a chicken coop ee i was
the same thing they said earlier alright
okay
well see one do out here dead oh we fed
the chickens and we couldn't get
anything out of the chickens and you
don't think you can catch the chickens
right well do you have an idea and how
do you wan do well you wanna do jackal
esteem teamwork I'm trying I'm trying to
think so I mean I have a vague idea of
what goes on in this game so I'm not
keeping mom oh okay um have we looked at
everything in our inventory yet fly
wings mirror rose essence and a magic
map should we look at the Magic Man okay
magic maps ink has faded away so so far
it isn't much help
Oh have six syllable word what f8 put
away the map the fucking teleport let's
do it the map looks blank there
obviously we're gonna need to fill the
city okay let's just see what happens
let's teleport to random shit it's gonna
be great and so it shall be
yes we would put away the map it would
be an epic putting away of maps what are
we doing going back in the house or are
we going down we can go down this path
let's fucking let's go downtown all
right do it
downtown this child this is our first
time out of our house
yes how old are we eighteen you're a man
basically you're a man but also slave
you're a man but also a slave
old enough to fight and you're old
enough to shave you're a man but no one
owns you the man around town won't tell
you what to do no more
without race who's gonna come in on this
but that's fine we want no more yummy to
ruin that song to this I make how many
songs must I ruin Jack all of them okay
we're outside what is this a real place
look around okay
low mountain Rises sharply from the
forest floor it's jagged peak encircled
by dark clouds treacherous path winds
its way up to the steep mountainside you
win the wizard Manhattan and this Manh
man then yeah man it is right live at
the top of this peak fuck this peak I'm
out of here
all right left right up down follow the
path follow the path all right path to
glory different game all the path
heavens glory ended oh there's no more
glory oh shit oh shit run away and cry
the bath ended what's the problem I
can't run away
can we cry say can we say sit and cry
what's a cry no okay what we're a man
what's a cry
you can't sit and pray you're a man
venture you're a man now you better act
like it okay
I don't hold on tree that's just like a
woodpecker an old dumb down let's go
down go down this path went somewhere Oh
oh my god that's this three clothes
bears yeah Papa Bear exclaim what a
beautiful day for a stroll through the
forest do do we live in a storybook
village fantasy we just we just met the
motherfucking three bears get their
autograph yes we we bet the three bears
shit doc that's crazy
well fuck let's go eat their porridge
let's see what happens this is the
comfortable home of the three beds a
well-tended flower garden grows out
front hmm take a flower they're lovely
flowers growing in this well-tended
garden a sweet sentient beautiful colors
delight you take a flower take a fucking
flower step on the flowers take the
flowers you wouldn't want to spoil the
lovely flower bed by picking one I would
are you going in this house I mean it we
have to right save though cuz the bears
might hate it I did okay good
Jack what it's exactly what you'd expect
you're in the charming home of the three
bears
mama bear certainly does keep her house
nice and cozy right there are also three
bowls of porridge um eat this small bowl
forage that one's just right look at
share shares are arranged in a cozy
conversational grouping around the
dining table
come on some porridge there are three
bowls of forage on the table you're
surprised at bears eat porridge we
thought the ate honey and berries that's
funny he eat the porridge I mean I kind
of got I either porridge
what's a two-hours that's the only
reason I knew how to spell it is because
you spelled it right the first time
taste the bar to decide that this bowl
of porridge is just right we did this
out of order oh no well we knew you take
another bite then another and another
before you realize it you have down the
entire bowl yeah don't don't eat that
board it's gonna be too cold don't do it
it's aces fortune you decided this bowl
of porridge is much do you call me
fucking we knew that rich you don't need
to go through the motions wait we don't
we're just skipping I'm just skipping
this whole fairy tale the poor joke yeah
go upstairs we know that shit yeah the
chair is just right yeah you you have no
soul III get the bit and it's like oh I
guess it wasn't just right looks like
Papa bear's a bullshit builder get a
better job
carpenter motherfucker you broke baby
bears chair
I can't believe you broke baby bears
chair what okay I guess you are a
grown-ass man and you're sitting in a
baby's chair well they're giant bears
baby chairs is grown-ass man chair in bear
it was just right are we going through
with this I'm gonna steal their shit
that's wrong with this drawer of they
won't let me get to open the door among
the clothes you see a pretty southern
thimble or mm-hmm
take it ours now I'm with you
dreamer dreamer TK I'd be pissed if
someone ate all my food and broke my
shit too but also like they just left
the Bulls there and went for a walk does
anyone eat that I guess we are the
dickhead here we're we're just going
into people's houses stealing thimbles
like technically we're not even on a
quest right now right well I think we
want to get away from that wizard well
that's the general gist of it so we're
just farting around there's no there's
no end goal beyond stop being a slave
right yeah okay
I bought that what you're right I was
victim-blaming and my apologies it's
just weird that they left all their
porridge out oh that's right there's a
time limit of some sort on this game I
forgot about that
there's a time limit we have to do
something before so many days or
something oh shit oh it's possible we
might fuck ourselves to this game yeah
by the way by eating chat by eating that
porridge
did I fuck this game I'm looking i'm
reading the
we apparently man Ihnen kills everyone
on their 18th birthday ok so so we have
that so we need to not make it to 18 I
just wanna know about that porch you
know it's quite possible by fucking the
porch yes yes richer the game is
unwinnable now ok is that true I think
so I was one of the things I might
remember can you go back you haven't
been doing multiple savestates you've
been saving over your save file oh I
thought I did
must not have saved I thought I did a
second one it's not that big a deal well
not that far away the porridge was a key
item yep what is that oh we need to take
the porridge mm-hmm oh well shit
well shit motherfucker I'm so sorry
ok I made you eat the porridge that's
mom that's on me I know
but of course you listen to me I'm
letting you do what you want to do it
was like I said like I have a vague
familiarity oh yeah nice table viously
stop me from ruining if I'm I thought it
might spawn later if we do it later but
I forgot there's a time limit and and
what not a button and whatnot yeah you
know what yeah
okay great that's okay we'll go back in
there we'll take the porridge everything
will be fine
while we go back and take the porridge I
did want to give people a small update
Oh what these two are certainly unsavory
robes they look like they'd robbed you
blind yes good probably well what what
recovering from a whack on the head of
the hands of the bandits you stand
unsteadily taking stock of your holdings
you discover that all of your
possessions have been stolen what well
that sucks what that can happen
apparently so if you see him you just
run away then I remember less of that's
crazy that's crazy okay I'll tell the
story again I wanted to update everyone
if anyone was around when I was talking
about the swindle and how the people of
red curve digital weren't getting back
to me hmm
finally after my fourth attempt to
contact them yep they emailed me back
about this window and the gamebreaking
glitch and they are working on it they
don't have a date for the patch yet but
they are they know about it and they're
working on it okay and they're planning
on fixing it but there's no discernable
date obviously frustrating but you know
nice of them to get back to me finally I
forgot what the glitch even was it was
like my character would teleport through
space oh yeah for no discernible reason
and obviously that's very annoying by
pressing a button that was supposed to
do other things it would teleport me I'm
much quieter than rich then I will move
my microphone also Rich's is lava in
general
oh and apparently man and man gave us a
time when he would be back
oh I don't recall when that was I don't
recall either now the parish didn't
leave that door Oh everything's
different now we'll see
Jack you Skrillex wants to know what the
next review is it's gonna be something I
can tell you we're filming the next
review on Friday yeah scram we're not
interested what all right all right in
the porch okay so you gotta wait for
them to go for a walk so we come back
later I forgot there were randomized
things that are so weird you have to be
ready to hit the map key so you can
teleport if the burglars appear okay
that's what we gotta do
great thank you well you could I seem to
recall there being away you can steal
your items back from them I could be
wrong about that did you you reload it a
save right yeah I don't feel like
fucking around with it now okay start
Bhimsen yes our next previously recorded
review is about boyhood the video game
have you played boyhood the video game
no it's pretty pretty intense pretty
pretty intense
oh and yeah I know mr. try smile you're
trying to it like we definitely don't
want spoilers and you're right I we need
to ask for help before before you give
it to us so like mr. Schad smiles right
to do this sort of spoilery stuff map Oh
key for the map what keys the map I
don't know but like there's certain
stuff like that like you know quick
teleporting and whatnot that that's kind
of just like basic knowledge stuff so we
like that we can allow but okay it's
tough so f4 will get us to the inventory
which will get me to the map okay f4 so
and it was right of them to delete
spoilers we're trying not to have the
game spoiled for us but but like stuff
like that just like shit we should know
on how to work the game gray area take
it or leave it
don't nobody say what time the wizard
gets back okay I don't know if I think I
think it might be randomized when he
comes back do something ah we don't want
that shit actually there do we
oh damn it we had a chance since you're
dead
thank you for blanking does not have a
chance
Wow oh shit I didn't save since the bear
aren't oh fuck fuck my life
rich FML FML forever what's rule number
one always be saving no that's what
number two will never want to look
around
rule 2 is always be saving to get it
together leave your house bears you
stupid bear come on bears Oh what she's
up ten in the garden oh look at it ass
look at that bear Oh lovely flowers
growing in this well-tended garden a
sweet scent and beautiful colors delight
you to your surprise you see a bear
wearing a dress working in the garden
must be mama bear mama bar mama bear
growls at you as you near the flowerbed
let her stay away from it and her oh
there you go
can't get out of it your cordial your
cardio greetings annoys the bear and she
growls back do you want to through it
readings yourself young man and stay out
of my garden
oh no I never fully clothed bears come
in here mama bear say
spying on bears spying on bears
housebreaker we're gonna get that bears
house we're just doing recon right now
um use mirror you look cute huh
whatever dues that had that didn't work
do it
I hid under so fast how you skip the
text I don't know what happened no get
it together
trying rich bandits
I mean your magic map is awesome
yeah we're now this junkie he was trying
to hold up the mirror he was just doing
a piss-poor job of it
exceptin use mirror use mirrors what
using it on yourself you wouldn't you
typed in a holdup mirror nothing
happened right yeah so really it's
getting old is it a little bit old yeah
yeah little bit
I like this shortly after this Sierra
games started pausing when you started
talking uh which was nice very nice
mm-hmm
yeah we'll go back to the Bears house
but we need the Bears to leave we'll go
back and get the porridge in the Finn
ball is that Medusa right there is that
a rock that's a rock that's a fucking
rock what is that a rock okay ready for
nothing
do we we grabbed it
yes oh did you just type it wrong
I don't know cute oh she's gone no
that's weird all right try again
what here we go again
what here we go again here we go here we
go here we go y'all here we go here we
go here we go girl
rich yeah have you heard of a thing in
Mass Effect Wow Jesus Christ hauled the
indoctrination Theory ending it's
bullshit yeah it's fan wink it and Wang
fan Wang family yep okay you believe it
to be fan wink it's just and it's just
as unsatisfying as the actual ending
because there's absolutely no resolution
at all with the indoctrination theory
okay so it's useless fan wag I had
someone on Twitter want to know your
thoughts on that and because I don't
know I think about Mass Effect I could
not answer so what is the indoctrination
theory at the ending it's not the real
ending because your brain is controlled
by the monsters because there are
they're monsters that corrupt your mind
oh that the entire ending is actually in
your head and there's no resolution
because you've just gotten converted by
the enemy it's certainly it's certainly
not intended at least we can get that
fuck
oh we got an OE hey game is kicking my
ass yeah I see that you know what I see
that oh the porch is gone
what there's no porridge where the fuck
is there why is there no porridge do you
need the porridge we need the porch okay
well shit did they make it again I hope
so that might have respond last time
then if that's kind of shit that happens
sure sure what bamboo oh yeah we should
go try to buy a gun and then we can
shoot the bandits good idea Dino spumoni
good yeah fucking Porsche right
what's the where's that's what they got
what's a where's no porridge
no porridge Jack wait till they make
porridge again they're bears they eat
porridge oh oh step in the flowers yeah
no you step all over those flowers okay
what's our medusa plan here because
apparently well yeah oh yeah one save
make a news I want to see what it says
when I typing
this game was much more obnoxious than I
remember it being I can't even believe
this I I love this game back in the day
no it's just fuckin with me hold on I'm
looking at the manual see if I can find
anything in the manual here
Oh flying like an eagle or a fly
understanding the head of porch huh we
have our porch well I decided to spawn
brand because this random this random
shit is annoying me but we still have
the thimble yep okay so just save after
you get the pores and make sure porridge
great Jesus Christ causing a deep sleep
yeah I'm seeing spells here yep
transforming another into a cat brewing
a storm becoming invisible I have a
spell book alright use mirror doesn't
seem to be working
I must text that I skipped I want to see
what it says that might give me more
information okay and we've saved so yeah
okay great alright basically I just want
to see what it says at this point sure
and if you turn away she doesn't get you
okay too far away
yay nice okay that was your problem
averting your eyes you aim the Wizards
hand mirrored Medusa's face scream
pierces the air she be holds her own
hideous reflection then nothing you've
dared to look we do sighs turn to
something to stone yeah you did it yay
now take Medusa oh you've seen one rod
you've seen them all
push it over even as a statue
Medusa isn't described ugly ugly now
push it crack it kick it fuck it
spit it what
all right fucking leave her then save it
fuck you fuck yeah do believe there's a
a joke in one of the Space Quest games
where you can grab a ladder you can just
pick the whole ladder up and shove in
your pocket nice what desert
yeah you've entered the great desert
what what a weird fantasy setting you
know usually fantasy is like you know
forests and mountains and stuff desert
that's weird
all manner of snakes and lizards and
shit right assuming we can't touch the
stones like the snake do we need a snake
thing let me look at my potions yeah
Jack you're skipping ahead oh that's
fine we haven't even discovered the
actual spell book but I'm okay with this
oh okay I thought that it's the time
saver that's what the I thought that's
what the manual is for it is Alice it's
just kind of narrative dissonance but
you know we don't know her character she
knows nothing about filming bandits
bandits I like that I like the the whole
uncovering a map yeah while exploring
bit
that's cool making hindsight I'm more
fond of please West Oh God that
back-in-the-day I love this one though I
think it's just so much to do
sure I think I think the spell books
really clever police quest was right to
the point you know yeah let's be police
Wow what what what what kind of what
kind of ingredients do we need Jack well
I'm assuming we need a skeleton of some
kind
uh oh I didn't look I didn't look at the
agrees cuz you told me no no go ahead
god I don't give a shit at this point
let's see here understand cats out of
the bag the language of creatures we
need a small feather from a bird a tuft
of fur from any animal one dried reptile
skin so we might need to like get a
snake scanners okay a rounded spoonful
of powdered fish bone a thimble full of
do like a tree we need do you look up
into the towering oak tree you can only
see large spreading branches and thick
leaves looking down you see a small hole
between the trees large roots look at
hole yeah you know this is going nuts
it's nothing of Industry there's nothing
of interest here just some a cone
scattered around this old oak tree let's
see here you pick and folk among the
fallen acorns looking for dried ones you
don't find any these are all newly
fallen mmm apparently he knows he needs
to dry to a core and even though he
doesn't know about smoking there's
narrative dissonance going all over the
place right jack I can't stand it let's
see if we mean and that's just one one
thing let's see we need a tail feather
from an eagle we need a saffron rose
petal essence we got that salt grains
dried mistletoe rounded stone of unusual
color dried acorns oh this is causing a
deep sleep dried acorns
nightshade juice
and an empty pouch I mean you lied on
the ground and reached into the small
hole you feel around inside the hollow
tree and discover a rope stretching up
in the ropes ropes stretching up into
the tree you bought into your amazement
of rope ladder falls from the branches
above what fuck yeah that tree is open
for business
what what

[Part II]
yes save oh no oh you've entered the
bandits hideout one of them is sleeping
at a small table fuck yeah
oh the hideout is made of rough planks
sparsely furnished with a table and
chair and a small wouldn't been in the
corner get in dig around in it dig
around in the band and there's something
on the table leather coin purse laying
on top of a wobbly tip wobbly hmm I'm
gonna guess that's a tramp yeah that's
gonna wake him up yeah yeah you slowly
lift lid and hope the squeaky hinges do
not wake the bandit so it's been fuck
you know I think the search isn't a
thing you can do yeah sure this huh just
look oh there's nothing in the bin
there's nothing in the bin I think
that's how you get your stolen items
back that would make sense
save and then try to steal the coin did
not take the last time I tried to save
her that is from nauseous okay here we
go carefully lift going first off the
table practically out from under the
sleeping bandits nose yonk peace
motherfucker I got your coin purse I
stole from the thief yeah you oh here
right twig Zink next time we'll try to
dick punch him and dick punch be on the
lookout for a rounded stone of unusual
color
I can open a I'm sure that's around here
somewhere okay what time do we need to
get back I mean we should we head back
and we can always teleport back right to
the to the to the trail yeah I don't
know I'm gonna say at 30 minutes okay
before 30 minutes we probably need to be
back put that anchor in your pocket we
probably need that later we can do that
oh we need to ocean water yeah we have
enough ingredients for anything no no we
don't that's not good oh we need a
spoonful of cactus juice oh shoot
we need a jar of lard one what oh and we
need them I mean for any of these spells
we need a magic wand okay
so I mean we're yeah we got nothing it
is the moral of the story here
we've got nothing we have to be back for
the whisperers yeah what if it won't
shit
yeah dick neutral we that we when we
were in the desert we knew there was a
cactus around well yeah so we know where
we can get cactus juice in that's it I
don't know we don't know we don't know
we need we need a lot of shit that we
and we got none of it that's the real
thing to the fucking house yeah
No
wait what you're fucking up yeah next
thing next time save at the base next
time save at the base so you know
what I've been playing a little bit of
what convoy yeah remember that convoy
game it's like Mad Max II FTL eft Ellie
yeah I finally beat it uneasy and you
know what I'm laying in it yeah I think
I think after seeing Mad Max it made me
like appreciate it a little more now
like I can put my own narrative into it
well they were working on that before
the movie came up fortunate for them
very fortunate but I got a little more
play time into it and finally kind of
understood you know like where's FTL you
have this constant you have to always
move forward right yeah in convoy you
you can fuck around like the the
important things that you need to gather
that can happen at any time you know and
so in fact you have to fuck around a
little bit to just build up your
resources come and that was my problem
initially playing it it was going right
for the main objectives but I was
fucking around to play does that make it
grindy huh does that make it grindy you
know it's it's kind of the same sort of
grind that can happen in FTL where it's
it's less grindy and more farmy you know
that's you can't see where you're going
that's that's that's I'm gonna call this
bullshit that's a little bullshit you
need to save when you're at the base by
the way just so just to save you a few
minutes but I don't enjoy keep on
playing because there's a couple fun
little things that you know like you you
get to an area and you you know you're
supposed to have something you don't
have it like it like an FTL where it's
like well if you had this you could do
something spin
what what did you even do there when I
was a kid I remember this is total
bullshit that is total bullshit so in
any case convoy yeah been enjoying it
that's all I have to say cuz we played a
nice three months might play it again
now that I know what I'm doing
um and I've been hearing kind of meh
things about the Mad Max game I'm not
shocked I said I don't know soon I want
to say soon it's out but early reviews
are little man have you ever had fun car
combat in a gamer you mean besides
rocket League it's car soccer well you
know like what's the UM what's the UH
I always forget what it's called rusted
metal twisted metal twisted metal that's
kind of you know that's kind of fun it's
fun for about five minutes and then it
sucks yeah I can't imagine Mad Max
working as a game because I've never
particularly loved car combat oh okay
yeah some I'm unconvinced you know there
was a really phenomenal not not really
phenomenal I'm gonna pull back
immediately and I apologize for saying
phenomenal there was a game that I
played a lot and that's why I called it
phenomenal is is because I played a lot
from a Super Nintendo in which you were
construction vehicles and you had to
destroy things in the most unique way
possible yeah and that was really fun
car combat like you'd have like a a
death or no minute endo 64 it was 64 I
thought it was Super Nintendo
I don't remember but it was a you know I
could have a dump truck and you'd have
to like do mad skids to knock stuff I
remember that I think it was 64 but I
could be right oven blast cores is that
it blast corpse
inferred Nintendo 64 I'm not sure okay
that could be like dump trucks and shit
yeah it was awesome that had really fun
car combat even though it wasn't
technically combat you know just cars
and shit
blast cars okay also how do you feel
about the Arkham style free-flow combat
for Mad Max
I've never associated Mad Max with
beating up 80 people at once right it
seems weird you know I like the combat
system so it's like no I don't think in
that context well that's well that what
I'm saying is like in general in a game
I like that combat system mm-hmm I agree
that it does not make sense with Mad Max
he's a he's a wild man fighter yeah he's
not he's not a skilled let me see what
the enemy is doing so I can
counter-attack kind of fighter he'll
he'll take ten punches yeah just to
throw a punch I think we're starting
allergy season jack oh no oh yeah Rich's
Bridget looking pretty fucking allergy
season pronoun joy joy of joys right
rich did like origins cam 16 second we
didn't mention it in name will you
review because it wasn't made by
rocksteady right I cut that part out you
you said something really funny about
Arkham origins which was technically
it's a better story but it wasn't as
well told yes and I thought that was
very interesting and you said the boss
battles it's very true yeah but so yeah
an or juice is the that's the only game
in the series that has decent boss
fights you actually fight Deathstroke
and origins yeah I'm looking forward to
playing origins oh okay oh we're back in
we made it back in okay and I'm yes
twigs I'm sure ritual stream extact X
come to just as soon as it's out
the various locks the very second it is
out
yeah Mad Max game what would make a good
Mad Max game beyond driving
you'll create no magic around weed when
it didn't the hateful wizard growls as
he takes the offending ingredients oh
shit oh and I only took the ingredients
away for us he disintegrated miss jack
when you got up would you have to climb
up that's okay get to your room
stat stream blast corporal now that I
know that it's for the n64 absolutely oh
my god hurry up you got 30 seconds so
sad you're tearing me apart
get on your hands and knees and quickly
shove all of your possessions under the
bed they will be safe from the Wizards
shape shape re-iron there I'm sorry are
you an Irish lad my nose has tried to
jump off my face you think blast corpse
is on the rare replay disk for Xbox one
fuck yeah that's enough reason to get
max box one for me no it's not it's I
haven't in 64 I'll just play it on the
n64 we didn't either of us have an Xbox
one yeah so we were we keep thinking
about it was like do we need it but so
far there hasn't been a game
oh when I think of the Xbox I think of
severe hardware failure I have returned
glidin I am ready treat
hey I gotta say I like your old man
thank you it's a fun voice to do yeah
we'll do another another n64 extreme
night I'll have to figure out what was
up with streaming animism patiently
waiting for his food stomach rumbles as
he drums as now fingers on the table
you'd better feed him quickly a dire
consequences may results little in puppy
hungry you should see Jack's pantomiming
good news he's got he's got the face
going he's doing something with his hand
I can't really sing dummy he's drumming
his fingers on my fingers puppy needs
food eat with me but be nice foodie yes
what that wasn't being playful
greenie so hungry yes could you could
you take the bread and pre mush it for
me my teeth I'm I gotta go upstairs and
get the mutton oh fuck no it's in your
pocket I hid all the items oh shit take
a loaf of bread and carry it with you
you take the fruit and carry it with you
all right oh yeah you're gonna need that
mutton in his tum tum that's what I need
granite didn't I need some yum yum in my
tum tum give it to me in the food yes
what the fuck he's a crazy old wizard
don't you think he gets a little a
little sloppy in time
yeah what am i type how do I do this
what what how do i do i type serve food
give man fruit put put food on table did
that network okay I hope we don't need
that bread you might need okay Shh go
get the mutton quick get the money good
I'll be right back sir I just have to go
mutton under my bed yeah but you know
sometimes they the food cooks really
well under base hot room so you know
it's like an oven cook the mutton for
you I'm so I'm so eager to serve I was
cooking for you in my off time I'll go
see if I can find it you know I know you
like your mutton they oh they're saying
shift to run no no no by the way get
that mutton get that mutton that fucking
cat what that's what's that cat doing
its of no use
get what
but way then if I go down there he'll
see the possessions right right you need
just the mutton now or are you fucked
because you took the mutton or is there
more food down there wait you have the
porridge no no you know that we need the
porridge
did we not take the mutton there's no
mutton in here where's the mutton did we
not that pick that up after the last
time we had a game over
then it should have been on the table
still right what happened to our mutton
you don't even have the fucking we don't
have a mutton no mutton where did our
mutton go Jim birthing I do suck but
that has nothing to do with the lack of
our mutton I fuck it
we ate the mutton did we eat the mother
I don't think so I have a the mutton
shit do we need the mutton I think we do
god damn it they're saying we ate the
mutton is our game over because I ate
that fuckin mutton oh man I need much
much to come out my back bat he didn't
digest it and poop it the cat ate it
what Oh God
oh Jesus and we can't for some reason we
can't give him the bread and fruit why
can't we do that
now did you just put all the bread and
fruit under there oh shit
but we couldn't give it to him anyway we
have to try
mutant pizza roll we answered this
question before but patton oswalt is a
fan of our line but how did you get him
to be in space cop Mike and Jay asked
him blackmail and it's it's really just
that simple where they knew he was a fan
they asked him it was scheduling was the
hardest part Patton works an insane
amount as talented people do as talented
people do and so he quite literally had
20 minutes
where did you're assigned a chore you
know what happens to lazy boys
Madeline shakes his hand in disgust I'm
still hungry when will you learn to obey
because the dreaded finger Oh
try hanging around in the kitchen oh
I'll quinidine
Oh oh shit the blood rushing to your
head did you realize that you are upside
down straining to look up you notice
your feet have been magically attached
to a kitchen rafter you struggled but
can't release yourself what a vexing
situation oh that is vexing oh look at
her head
oh god that's hilarious is it I think so
why unless we're dead and so a little
bit more to the Patton Oswalt's story oh
it's upside that's backwards you can't
do that that's fine
so we found a day that would work for
him and shooting and I called in I
called some friends out in LA and we
basically had to schedule 20 minutes
with him because that's all he had and
we we got some we got a studio set up
and set up the camera he came in gave
him the dialogue shot it and out in 20
minutes and that was it it was great he
was very fun oh he's not dead yep dizzy
and nauseated the sudden changes in body
position it's at least some consolation
to find yourself in the floor again
Oh
I'm going to bed quinidine gwyddion
whatever the fuck your name is
do not disturb me do proof
20 minutes is like nothing into and
that's you know got him in a costume
where the lines we ripped for a little
bit gone it took us longer to set up and
tear down the studio space then to shoot
him mmm that's great
I did do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
eating you good save
wait now it says a dream dream word case
as you you only have 20 minutes to get
the rest of the ingredients over 20
in-game minutes really that's what
they're saying
Oh the only naps for 20 minutes okay but
then what is it game over how long do we
have in general Jack can you sing an
old-timey song I don't know if I know
any old-timey songs trying to think of
it like the big rock candy mountain from
oh brother where art thou and the big
rock candy mountain dreams are made - I
do and then I will pass specially how
long is it so game over what how long is
the hope till game over right are we
just fucked
I think he has one more journey after
that okay all right we've got some time
all right well fuck it we got to go we
got to move what do we need to do we
need to get like every ingredient for
what what there's different spells - oh
my god
okay so understand the language of
creatures fly like an eagle
teleportation at random causing a deep
sleep should we try to understand a
language of a creature how will that
defeat the wizard maybe we can talk to a
bear I don't what let's lose the option
since like the bow here we go
technically transforming another into a
cat we could turn the wizard into a cat
what do we need for that we need a
Mandrake root powder oh my god a ball of
cat hair okay we'd find that at the
house two spoonfuls of fish oil we need
a spoon and a magic wand we need two
spoons we need a spoon and a jug of fish
oil all right Joe I'm going back to get
a spoon from the kitchen okay or do we
want to work on becoming invisible
well that stopped the wizard no that
will make us hide I think stopping the
wizard we need to turn the wizard into a
cat okay Oh God
that's fine this is better because we're
already house actually you should have
just done that in the first place didn't
try not to cheat sure okay
we got them down yeah we go have the I
need to get the F your inventory 5c do
it do it get here first a small ball of
cat hair
oh we're gonna take a large ball look at
her yeah come here kit the same curse of
the wolf the only thing I know that song
the curse of the world
night-duty did you do to do to darkness
do to do to do to do you hunger
it's a cursor oh wow let me get the cab
to get the hair Jack you need a brush
brush I like that thought where do we
find a brush in the Wizards bedroom
okay no we can't pet the cat if we pet
the cat it says we don't want to put the
cat in the vanity if there would be one
right
did you ever open that drawer yeah I did
nope you sure oh you try to be quiet but
an unfortunate squeak wakes menon in' he
turns in his bed then sits up staring
angrily at you you know you ought to
stay out of my things I have no choice
crazy man
yes he's a crazy old wizard
you'll need to help fuck ya get out here
fuck
boy do you hate these little sessions
but no pain no magic oh my god you're
just doing second time's wasting
you're just doing situps
I think we just got to grab the cat
maybe we can't you can't grab it okay we
can't grab the cat that's right again
don't have anything resembling a brush
nose essence mihrab red okay what's in
your drawers is it lust thank you
nothing of interest okay we can't we
can't get the cat trap the cat and we
don't have anything to trap a cat we're
not gonna look up games game facts we
want to try to figure this out on your
own end if you don't know the answer you
can try to help us figure it out but
don't obviously just don't tell us what
to do that would be mean but you know if
you want to you know if you haven't
played the game before and you want to
help us there is no honor huh there is
no honor
tired and sad I think I've told this
story couple times but for those who
don't know how I got involved with red
letter media is we just met it's like so
not a fun story we both lived in
Milwaukee Mike and Jay lived in
Milwaukee I lived in Milwaukee and we
both made videos for the internet and so
we knew people the same people and they
said hey you guys should meet because
you both make videos and then we started
making videos together like it's that's
what usually happens is if you do
something you'll just start naturally
gravitating towards people that also do
that thing that's how life works
and that's how it worked here that I
want to say the the very first time I
ever met J and Mike was when they had me
act in the garbowsky's if you see that
episode where I'm Frank hammer that's
the very first time I met them they said
we need you to act in something and I
said I'm a terrible actor don't do that
and we see it what's of metal behind the
book okay grab it get metal Madden is
very private with a study and doesn't
like you poking around a huge oak desk
is covered with his writing implements
and oak cabinet is in the corner there
was a chart on the rear wall the
bookshelves are filled with books in
every subject
it wasn't fancies himself to be quite a
scholar behind the whole bookshelf there
we go you push the large book side
revealing a metal lever attached to the
back of the bookshelf
chapter opens a feeling a steep stone
steps leading into darkness yes now
we're on it now we're on it more things
to fall off of jack
I agree now junky I like fuck bought
five thousand - he was a fun character
to create he has served us well the
ground you looking around this torch
that underground room this be a wizard's
laboratory a wizard's laboratory i've
the border the border against the
earthen walls are rows of shells holding
numerous jars which contains strange
unknown ingredients
shelves also holds skeletons of small
animals and birds some human skulls and
bones and other odd instruments who's
used to you nut whose use you do not
know
okay against the earth wall is a massive
oak table with a spacious work top the
narrow stone steps lead up to the wizard
study so we probably need to come down
here to make the spell yeah
again our is 1/2 cup of Mandrake root
powder a small ball of cat hair 2
spoonfuls of fish oil and one magic wand
that's what these are the things we need
to transform a human into a can't you
curiously gaze at the strange jaws of
ingredients the animal and human bones
and other odd implements which line the
rows of shelves you see jaws of
ingredients resting on labelled shelves
shelves bearing such ghastly names as
powdered fish bone who's that one we
need a Rosetta fish oil
there's no weed fish oil ok we do need
nightshade juice mm-hmm Mandrake root
powder yeah we need that saffron toad
spittle and toadstool powder that's for
other things but we could cause maybe a
deep sleep if we got if we got a dried
ACORN and an empty pouch we could use
that nightshade juice to put someone
into a deep sleep all right so good
nightshade juice and get the Mandrake
root powder yeah those are the two
things we need
I said juice
I'd say juice boom-boom motherfuckin
boom I am a wizard space come Oh deep
sleep equals dead that would be great
too but I think deep sleep might just
buy us more time to search for stuff you
know mm-hmm which is probably something
we might you know I could see us needing
that covered with gold trimmings the oak
books leather covers cracked and one
spacious yellowed and brittle title
whoever is clear the sorcery of old you
inglese thumb do page after page of what
you assumed to be magic formulas the ink
of the old handwriting was faint and
barely readable most of the formulas
that are indecipherable but a few are in
a language you know treat the old book
great cares you can tell it contains
recipes for some very old and powerful
magic spells and shakers you realize
this book could be the key to your
escape from the evil mana
nananananananananananana
circle Flint beakers flashed and stirs
okay okay
nananananana wizard I just I just saw
someone like spam like you can make
money from playing games online and I
think I accidentally made them a mod and
then I banned them okay
so I might need to unmod them hold on
you fixed that shit I'm gonna fix that
chin that could be disaster all right
whoopsie whoopsie dupes did I make them
a mod no I do not make them a mod I
banded them okay the coveted mod banned
yes yes that happens bad bot oopsie
doops I just pressed the wrong button
before we knew twitch better I think we
accidentally made somebody a mod early
on yes yes we apologized for it and I
have to contact like I made you mod and
then I banned you I got scared
oh you know what speaking of mods this
is a good time to talk about YouTube
game streaming which went live today I
don't know if anyone has been paying any
attention to it have we talked about
this not on the stream I was watching a
little bit of it because of course I'm
paying attention to it because this is
what we do and obviously we have no
plans to move over to YouTube live
streaming but I'm paying attention to it
because if it's better than we want to
be there then we'll lose everybody we
have here well you know hopefully you
guys will come over there if you know
like if it's easier for people to watch
and easier for us to communicate and
that was the big thing is I thought that
their chat sucked the chat was all over
the place even first smaller streams it
went by at a million miles per hour and
there didn't seem to be any moderation
and so that was
that was really frustrating and so I not
we definitely won't even try things out
there until they figure out their chat
situation and one thing I really did
like though is they had little they had
the the YouTube thumbnails by everyone's
names and so you can kind of keep track
of who says what a little easier
say what I wish we had I wish that
twitch chat had something like that a
little like thumbnail images so you can
like hold conversations with people
better alright I'm not supposed to buy
fish oil at this fucking store maybe
it's a store next to an ocean there is
an ocean right there yep but how am I
and it could be Tiberius Kirk it could
be easier to moderate large rooms the
the rooms that I was watching did not
seem to be moderated at all it was just
awful chat what the fuck but you know
we'll be paying attention and if it's
better we'll go
oh let's thank you beefcake
let's over beefcake was chatting with me
about ways to make twitch chat better
and for me I just want more control over
who we see you know like like for
example a way to mark someone if you're
having a conversation with them you know
like marker user highlight a user that
I'm having a conversation with so I can
see everything they say oh I think we
just bought fish oil if I enjoyed Cindy
young man says what else can I get for
you
ask the amiable man shelves filled with
all sorts of useful items there are a
few items of particular interest to you
leather pouches I think we need a
leather pouch salt fish oil and lard
buying someone into a cat we need fish
oil when you've cat hair and we need
root powder and then for causing deep
sleep we do need an empty pouch okay
don't we don't we have a leather pouch
already no well we have the pouch from
with a gold in it right oh yeah yeah
okay I'm buying another pouch gold yeah
okay you're right can i mark someone
using chatty like you can pop someone
out using chatty which I really like I'm
using chatty right now and in chatty if
you click on someone's name a little box
shows up and it keeps all of their
messages like in the one little box
which is really great
but I was thinking avoid just to
highlight it in chat so I wouldn't have
to like get another box and clutter
everything up but all right all right we
need week at her the other thing we need
we now I think actually we have all we
need for the cat except for the cat here
we need Mandrake root a small ball of
cat hair two spoonfuls of fish oil and
one magic wand so how do we get that
fucking cat her someone made a good
suggestion in chat yeah what if we put
the cat to sleep
alright alright alright what do we need
for the sleep for the sleep we need
dried acorn nightshade juice wand empty
pouch tried acorn dried acorn we're
gonna need to talk to animals to ask
squirrel for a try to acorn is that
gonna happen what do I need to talk to
animals understand the language of
creature a small feather from a bird
fuck a tuft of fur from any animal a
dried reptile skin one rounded spoonful
of powdered fish bone one thimble full
of do and a magic wand I'm all over the
fur I think I know how to get that okay
I have an idea oh gosh sure if it's
gonna work oh you stupid I'm somewhere
trapped behind this house oh my god also
someone was right save after you
teleport saved right away ten minutes
down yeah you're right
we're fine we got time where am I there
we are
oh fuck that alright so did your a acorn
oh Jesus fuck
Jesus fuck fuck Jesus
wait 69 seconds left what no we had 20
minutes not 20 minutes from way when he
went to sleep yeah but where did he go
to sleep like 36 35 okay kept dog fuck's
sake
she pet him Kenny looks your hand and
thumps his tail and appreciation smell a
lot of Doug Fir it collects in your hand
and you plug it into your pocket for
later use boom got that nice rich nice
petting dogs all over the place ACORN
oh how do we get an acorn now oh my no
there's a tree yeah but they're not
tried I mean there's squares that we
have not yet what do we need for talking
to animals talking to animals a small
feather from a bird
fuck bird feather we need reptile skin
oh god we need that too yep
oh fuck I rounded spoonful of fish fish
bone a thimble full of do and a magic
wand Oh birds you're on the birds whoa
yeah we're on the clock jack get bird
what am I doing wrong with f EA th er
right yeah what's a what fed oh there's
a feather and I would say it's just
saying what feather yeah all right
nope ee squirrels now
great talking to animals would be nice
apparently apparently there's more birds
someone saying maybe that maybe the
acorns are dried now and not a time has
passed
it'd be a weird puzzle but we'll try it
sure lots of squirrels oh you know what
that's a good point judge frowny-face a
point of order there are no kings in
this game I was told this was a king's
quest hey can I Drive the acorn they
grabbed an eight-course there so got a
spell level age or dry something out
grab an acorn that's in the Sun right
okay okay
well you're right on top of that fucking
acorn why are they put them there
there's something to this of course
no there's brewing a storm becoming
invisible teleportation at random
bandits oh my god
you were you were tempting fate right
there no I was we also need to find some
deal
rich we need some day for the camel
thing for the animal thing you see
nothing special over here no do over
here dog well don't go too far into that
River we know the hazards of rivers
spider eight minutes to go eight minutes
to go we hear you look at spider web
rich ain't got time for spiderwebs
well we need specific things
what does the spire where I'm gonna get
us we need spiderwebs for something else
I don't know I just looking at the
ingredient list someone in Chad is
saying take cat is kind of broken needs
multiple tries okay for getting cat fur
which is the only thing left in these
turn someone into a cat spell okay we
are wait do we have fish oil yeah we
bought fish oil do we have a spoon we
have a spoon we have a Mandrake root
powder yep so we need a ball of cat hair
and a magic wand okay and then we have
way that we can turn someone into a cat
well I imagine the wand is in in the
area yeah
Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
the glinted in doo doo doo doo doo
Gwen Gwen in in Grant Glen beginning a
little scared Jack I wanna know about
your fetishes that was mine
that was a little bit scared
what
Oh was i well it did not save the time
Oh Oh for fuck's sake I do love the skin
on this gap in
okay yeah okay we're good we're getting
ready do we win the game if we turn it
into a
that's significant hurdle them yeah
that is that's a that appears to be on
the other a significant hurdle is
walking up this path this path is ass
path this path is ass while you make it
up the path yeah
do you want to talk about Terminator
Genisys I haven't seen it but I haven't
seen it either you know who was most
qualified people in the world to talk
about it well here's here's the interest
so Terminator Genisys in America was a
huge bomb yep
you know where overseas China yep fuckin
killing it in China there will be more
than yeah there's gonna be more and
they're gonna make it much like the
Transformers series like they had these
big scenes overseas or you know like in
Korea or China or whatever yep same
thing with with terminator the next
Terminator has to go to China for some
reason
chyna fucking loves it
Genesis and so now there's gonna be more
terminators
congratulations China you've ruined it
again so I think China doesn't ruin it
this is so unfair you can't even see the
ground this is total bullshit total
bullshit you can't see the ground I'm
sorry
oh damn you damn you King's Quest I'm
sorry what do you guys want me to sing
sing it why did they think this is a
good idea with these paths and some sort
of challenge I guess I don't get it I
don't get nothing not as far as police
quest No
yeah we know oh my gosh I was just
singing short people by Randy Newman I
love that song that's so weird have you
heard that song short people got no
reason to short people got no reason to
live they got little hands little lives
they walk around telling the great big
lies or yeah the short people got no
reason to live such a weird fucking song
that can is just yeah okay multiple
times you just need to do a multiple
time oh that is retarded you should get
some kind of hint that you're on the
right track right I agree bullshit
bullshit well they wanted you to call
that hint line no I'm serious
yeah by the way yes that is a real song
by Randy Newman about short people being
terrible it's uh I don't know if I sing
it's a wonderful world I don't know if I
know the words to that let me look up
the what a wonderful world let me look
at the lyrics I used to know the lyrics
red roses too I see them bloom
that's my Louis yeah
that cat teleports I hate that did that
cats all over the place no so by the way
the rain oh that darn cat really did it
to you this time tripping over the cat
you fall to your death what
oh my god that's insane that's portal
total bullshit unbelievable amounts of
bullshit oh my god here's the thing you
need to know about Randy Newman's
songwriting Randy Newman actually does
not hate short people he writes songs as
characters
he's a very unique and interesting
songwriter and he'd like he's not
actually prejudiced against short people
he just like wrote it as a character and
so it's it's very strange it's very
weird
don't be mad at Randy Newman for writing
songs about short people he's just an
eccentric musician why do you guys
continue to play this bullshit game cuz
it's what we're playing tonight and
sometimes it's bullshit we might not
finish this one just because of how
bullshit it is and it doesn't seem to be
very much fun doesn't seem to be a fun
stream yeah we need more dialogue yeah
but you know what we try because we have
had so much fun with Sierra text
adventures in the past so we got to give
it a try and this is just what we're
doing tonight we'll give it a little bit
longer and if it continues to be
bullshit you're right hardcore Randy
Newman's most famous character was
alcoholic Randy Newman you're right that
man drank a lot
knife that can listen I will get a copy
of blasts corpse well that's just called
cores right yeah it's not a corpse I
will get a copy of blasts cores for
Nintendo 64 and we will we will stream
that one of these times because I
remember having a lot of fun with that
game I remember having a lot a lot of
fun four blasts course
I just like alright let's turn someone
into a motherfucking cat yeah that's the
thing about like you got a friend of me
that's why Pixar went to Randy Newman to
create the memorable songs like in toy
stories because he he wrote it as a
character and so like he wrote that song
as the character of the little boy and
woody and I think he's a good songwriter
songs are interesting I don't
necessarily want to like hear them on
the radio but like I like Randy Newman
songs all right what do we need to do to
make this fuckin Kettering all right all
right hold on I have the lyrics of
wonderful world up turning another cat
you need 1/2 cup of Mandrake root powder
are we grab that we have everything we
need so what do you need now you need to
mix it oh oh oh okay here we go
so directions one put Mandrake root
powder in a bowl in a bowl you know but
in oh shit I gotta go back to the
kitchen to get a bowl you need a bowl Oh
God time's a-wasting sorry it's okay
it's okay
do you have the magic wand damn you need
the magic wand ok ok ok and also save
ones the last time you saved right here
I great so we can get here actually all
right we need his key so we can get in
the cabinet
you think the ones in the cabinet you
know I'm pretty sure I am playing this
game like literally over 20 years but
I'm pretty sure that wand is in this
cabinet sure which is locked
oh that's a good thought professionals
professional slackers both Metal Gear
Solid 5 and Mad Max come out this Friday
which would you rather Mad Max yeah ok
the people love here's the deal people
love Metal Gear I hate the ship story
yeah I'm not that fond of the series
because I can't stand the convoluted
nonsense I wouldn't like it people would
hate the review because I'd be annoyed
by the story and I'd complain about that
I might like the gameplay mmm I'm not
like the gameplay a lot but then it'll
stop for a 45 minute long nonsense
obsession yep that's by the way that's
exactly the middle of your series yeah
is the gameplays all right is there some
fun sneaking there's some fun combat but
that itself might be interesting to talk
about I got a feeling Mad Max the game
is gonna be all bland bland bland but at
least I like Mad Max we go either we can
go either way I'll tell you the honest
truth maybe we'll get a copy for of Mad
Max for next Wednesday yeah yeah we can
we can play a little Mad Max yeah I have
a feeling when do those come out Friday
they say Friday so we'll try to do that
we'll try to do Mad Max for next
Wednesday stream we will not be
streaming this Sunday this upcoming
Sunday heads up to everyone what happens
Sunday
something special oh my god rich and I
will both be busy on Sunday and rich
knows live but it doesn't remember at
the moment apparently not no so that's
fine Oh
according to Thanatos 3 8 8 the
cutscenes don't last more than a couple
minutes anymore it's mostly gameplay
because Kiefer was too expensive for
tons of dialogue cuz Kiefer Sutherland
does the voice of snake now why would
they so that doesn't make any sense it's
really funny why would they replace
somebody as popular as David Hayter in
that role why would you change something
the fans love for no good reason because
the fans will still buy it for the name
and with the with a star attached to it
you can get some people who've never
played it before dad no I'm gonna say
with this I'm gonna say that not with a
series that's not I think that was their
thought is a big name help sell games
mm-hmm you have people who have never
played a Metal Gear game before because
new people are coming into the game's
world all the time the fans are still
gonna play because they're fans it's out
on Tuesday what's out on Tuesday Mad Max
is out on Tuesday or metal gears out on
Tuesday
oh my god oh he's sleeping that's what
he's doing I need it fast I mean if you
think it's in the I don't know where
this I have no idea
oh no I mean the what if the ones in the
safe we need the key
we can't do anything in here where were
the key B where are the key B oh shit
get out of there he's up where we loaded
it's fine it's all fine no the key would
be in his office then somewhere Ryan I
can't find it no according to mr. shy
smile kojima is a Starfucker
so you want do we want do you want hints
as to where the key is I just think I've
gone silver the tap Chad and so on oh
yeah yeah okay that's fine
Oh Oh they both come out next Tuesday
okay sorry I thought I read Friday my
mini apologies well then yeah then we'll
definitely play Mad Max next Wednesday
if it comes out on Tuesday
and what is Metal Gear come out I think
they said both same day how would you
know to look up I think you know what I
think this game was designed around
getting people to call this year up hint
line there's been a lot of bullshit
there's some bullshit in this there's a
lot of bullshit yeah this one so this
was a this was a quarter sucker I think
yeah basically arcade game this is
essentially an arcade game yeah I'm
disappointed and I remember loving this
when I was a kid I think there's just a
lot of things to do and I like that sure
my young brain who had trouble figuring
out the puzzles as it was didn't really
register they bullshit as much I think
that could be that could be and Bill you
know this is something we say all the
time and I and I still think that people
don't understand it you only got one
game yeah you've got one game to play
for four or five months if you were
lucky mm-hmm that's it you so you only
can one new game and this was it and so
you dedicated four or five months to one
game and it was this and so there was
nothing but trial and error that's it
and I think that's fine like this is
especially bullshitty like we talked
about this in the in The Adventures of
link stream about like you know you
can't solve the puzzle if you don't get
any clues right and and so I think rich
is right that this is also an era of
helplines
the Nintendo Power helpline will get you
through that tough section for $8.99 an
hour have your parents credit cards
ready and Sierra famously also had a
helpline and neither yeah if the rich
might be right about this you got the
cat hair right yes I hope so
do I not have thee I don't see a deal I
don't see it go get the kid here
how much time do we have before that
fucker wakes up like a minute don't have
time
okay so stash your stuff yeah yeah you
gotta go stash your stuff you gotta
stash it fast
I guess tell my god rich well you're
racing the clock how much tighter way
out like a minute I think he weighs
about 56
yep now wait what items did you lose now
just spent a lot of time dicking around
for that key oh that's right I keep
seeing Oh someone there there's a
there's a bug in the chat tonight do
anyone use to earn money from playing
something-something slash free.com what
is that there's someone I'm on you
though man
and naturally I banned it right away
someone's accounts is hacked or they do
something someone's doing something
tonight I don't like it get out of my
fucking room I'm ban happy tonight who
wants to talk about shit babies everyone
hating this game what's the consensus oh
yeah yeah people hate this game should
we just hop
we haven't waked we it's almost 11:00
let's make it till 11:00
that's mad let's just see what happens
you know what the wizard will wake up we
could we could do rocket League okay I'm
serious I'm dead serious
bonus material at this point okay I
don't think we can do two-player if we
don't know if we don't we don't put it
up in YouTube we don't put it up in
YouTube because you should yeah that's
true but you take turns not a big deal
wanna do two players put screen how do I
do that we need another controller I
don't have I didn't bring my controller
because I didn't think we'd be using it
oh sure we have we have the Xbox one
that's here okay look another chat let's
record if I get

[Part III]
stuff is pure speculation and rumor it's
it's very simple if dawn of justice does
well again they'll make Man of Steel to
Don of Justice is probably going to do
reasonably well you can do so well Chad
a people for a little bit you know I did
see that I mean make a room yeah yeah
let's make a room right oh we need some
like st. prereq prereq prereq prereq yep
okay hey anyone anyone who wants to play
a prereq prereq you can play a private
room named prereq one word er er EC
password the same all lowercase Oh mom
we gotta change the yeah I'm gonna mess
around with the menu good luck playing
oh oh my god yep oh you can't do shit no
I can't
how do we do the jacks got a giant menu
screen up on from the TV and I hate him
for it do you remember how I remember
yeah I don't need the menu it was fine
no it's not fine you're cutting shit off
I got this picture size screen fit boom
you're welcome
now you can see the whole screen you're
fuckin welcome almost weird playing into
your controller oh I bet by the way
playing with an Xbox controller all I've
been playing with is a PlayStation
controller are people in already
one or two I think I'll do it for
beefcakes in Busan you sell some guys
get in same rules apply by the way we're
after
what is it two games yeah two games
someone else give someone else chance if
if nobody else pops in if it's still AI
playing you can you can jump in yeah
sound everything could be a little bit
louder it seems like Jack's face oh yeah
my my face one
from the mic while I was changing the
the controller settings yeah you can
turn game play up a little bit I've
probably got to turn down because I tend
to listen to podcast or whatever when
I'm when I'm playing okay sure sure
oh and it's way down in OBS too oh yeah
we're gonna lose this one just shit I'm
gonna just crap we're working on it
twigs game audio that's not deafening
yeah I probably know that out loud like
have Jesus Gorn Oh göran Oh göran kick
for being idle my fine we made the room
weekend oh my god leftover beefcake
you're paying his ass you're playing on
like tin cans and a string he's playing
on an NES
he duct-taped a phone wire to his NES
I just think this game I got to turn
around I was knocking it away from their
goal I got all turned around this is
become a living living nightmare
that is my life Newton pizza roll says
Jack
do you or anyone else at rlm watch
content screen junkies what did they do
again doesn't Jane know one of the
spring joke you guys don't they do these
honest trailers oh did they do that I
think they do I think Jane knows one of
the guys he was on he was on one of
their shows bad and everything wrong
with them I've heard of their name we
don't we don't watch much are we talking
to people why is why is the audio thing
coming up Oh are we problem because
we're hope the computers hooked up to a
mic that's automatically broadcasting
change that setting that's a gross
setting push talk push attack there you
go okay sorry about that for anyone
who's like hearing us twice
honest trailers I think is funny they've
done honest trailers have had some funny
stuff
and death counts oh good good
cinemasins is who does oh yeah yeah I
really dislike everything wrong with I
think that's a that's a really dumb Joe
I think screen junkies except show Jay
was hot when they did that he's actually
these yeah like who's the best 81 that
to you know i they're following they're
following the standard internet formula
which is make stuff short and i thought
that i feel like she's probably the
smarter internet considering how often
we come out with shit though if you if
you cut like our shit up and like
10-minute junks we'd be we'd be probably
the most prolific people on youtube the
only problem with it is like their own
format the the show was like let's
discuss eighties actions heroes but then
it's three minutes and no one says
anything of you know I mean we do fully
edited hour-long episodes oh yeah I like
the I like the honest trailers honest
trailers has some really funny jokes to
it
not everything wrong
screen junkies is nice so yeah I like
some of this great ice cream junky stuff
and Janos one of the directors or
someone on it
oh damn it damn it good we probably
won't review until dawn get that fucker
in yes tied with three seconds to go
fucker that's a story driven narrative
driven horror game I don't think that's
a written Italian I think so
oh okay you can do this you can do this
rich I believe in you I'll slash it out
David you left over beefcake we can see
your lag I know I know what you're going
through that shit's a slide show for you
okay we have now updated
we think um mine for Lincoln who
screamed oh Jesus
bam ba-ba-bam
virtually the overtime goal yeah oh look
at that
that's it that's a sniper ball right
it's just no no AI everyone's free to
stand one more yep then jump out nobody
jumps in you're free to come in back in
absolutely absolutely Danis Miranda
Swanson a rich how the fuck do you have
nine hundred hours of XCOM enemy Unknown
because I fucking love XCOM enemy
Unknown I've been playing that fairly
consistently since it came out
listen if you love a game you play the
shit out of it
we're only ice somebody can jump in how
do you join Steve matches from a ps4
what you do is you go to private match
and then it'll ask for a room name and a
password it's all lowercase all one-word
prereq prereq yeah they use the same
servers actually and they use the same
PlayStation players and Steam players
play together all the time it's amazing
it's the future it's it's exactly what
oh nice you might as well not have saved
who did that who did that fucker we're
gonna watch this squall fucking mr. aids
mr. ace trains get out of here happens
everybody yep unfortunately it happened
to you bu so like right now if you try
to join the room the room is full
obviously that's it just wait for the
Mac it's over and try to join man and
was asked if anyone plays - what
happened to King's Quest three people
weren't loving it people weren't loving
it there was no voices to do and the
game itself what are some bullshit going
on through some oh whatever more than I
remember
honest like quarter-second bullshit oh
oh good nice shot nice shot yeah you
don't search for games I forget like we
can have we just set up our own room so
you can do right and so it's like you
got to play online and then there's a
private match tab going there and then
you can say join room yeah and then if
you accidentally not you know do an
own-goal thing it'll be recorded for
everybody to see exact for all time so
you know don't suck definitely don't
suck tonight coming here Lucy in Corbin
you have 1500 hours of FIFA 14 oh that
would have been a beautiful shot oh
that's pretty good - that's good a nice
shot I shot you you know what mr. aids
you made up for it yeah here you're tied
mister now you know you're just even
though you're a TV zero exactly look at
that look no glory for you but no shame
either so you've taken your shame way
good job like you're perfectly average
with with like tf2 I have over a
thousand hours of GMT I want to say like
over 900 on Steam and then a couple
hundred hours on my xbox three
and and you know it's great if you find
that game that is your life for
ow Oh goddammit I went right under it
when do we expect the Kings best for
probably not I don't know what's next
bass quest three I want to go right back
to police quest okay we got to go back
to police classes okay
please press two left over beefcake has
2000 hours of FTL okay yeah that's fine
that's beautiful
scamming and secret to sink your teeth
into yeah
oh it's alright as that was on me
knocked you out of the way it's actually
something I'm really the while I love
playing The Binding of Isaac rebirth on
my Vita as you guys know I agree with
Journal the gaming my bathroom sessions
are definitely longer because I play it
on my Vita oh my god that was close
I'm gonna say I'm into it
yeah yeah and I do love the fact that
you know I can start a game on my Vita
and then take it to my ps4 if I want to
play out great the one big regret I have
for not solely playing it on Steam is
the PlayStation versions don't count my
hours so I have no idea how many hours
I've sunk into Binding of Isaac rebirth
yeah yes I know I know if we had our
chat on we'd be communicating strategy
but I think we're doing a stream and
we're obligated to be you know
entertaining right and our opponents who
are also our nice people in the chat was
wouldn't be a disadvantage which is kind
of nice either
I'm fine with mutant pizza roll will
there ever be a licensed bass cop game
in the spot in the style of police quest
we were talking with someone and
unfortunately everyone got busy as
when the someone gets not busy again
they're going to contact us and maybe we
can do something but everyone's busy all
the time
Mario Mario a hundred thirty six hours
in Binding of Isaac rebirth 100%
achievements congratulations I'm right
now I'm working on I've defeated mega
saver and I'm doing I guess there's a
mega satan and I'm just a fee I'm just
working on items and so I'm going
through everybody on hard and you know
defeating all the achievements on hard
have been the treasure chest
see
is doing that with every character to
unlock all the items and I would love to
know my our pals
yeah they were actually talked about it
there was actually a small little demo
of space cough as this year it just
never got off the ground which is fine
oh god no no I'm gonna have one gram I
haven't even gotten the lost yet dick
neutral for fighting Isaac and reading
about how to do that is insane there in
order to get the final unlockable
character in The Binding rising a series
of random events need to occur that is
almost astronomically like just doesn't
happen and so I think a lot of people
cheat because you can do seed runs yeah
we're like very specific things need to
happen yep this event you need to get
that event you need to get this event
before that event you need to get fine
this sector II hope to have that sector
spawn in the first place yeah then
there's another sector that needs to
spawn that happens after that that's
exactly what he's having in order to get
the lost and then and that's just
unlocking the character and then the
lost is a character who can only take
one hit and they die and you can't get
extra hits so you have to beat the
entire game with the lost and not get
hit once
that's fuckin unheard of so whoever's
get tied up I don't remember they came
being tied that's
Oh ain't got shit you ain't got shit you
wake up shoot no one is complaining that
we're playing
fearful slug boy I will of course I will
try to get the lobster because I will
continue playing finding guys they could
until I say 10% golden real golden God
status a real platinum God status is the
110 percent this stuff you had unlocked
before your save God worked no oh no I
wasn't even close I'm significant I'm
pretty I'm pretty good no I will
continue playing The Binding of Isaac
rebirth until I am
because in that game you have to be a
hundred and ten percent
it's nonsense but it's fun of course of
course but I'm never gonna stop playing
that game because I don't think I ever
beat it constantly
my favorite games of all time which
again is something that makes it really
upsetting that I don't have an hour
because I do want to know how much time
I have it on steam i bought it on Steam
oh but you know but I've been playing it
PlayStation oh my god oh my god fuck are
you doing oh hey I fuck this but the AI
fucked us somebody else should have
jumped in yeah yeah I'm super excited
for the vine of Isaac rebirth expansion
it's just more game to play how could
you not be excited about that oh shit
thank you son I guess acts up oh
speaking of expansions rich yeah have
you heard about this shovel knight
expansion no free shovel knight
expansion the plague Knight it was that
a Kickstarter thing yeah yep how I
should play ready uh and it's happening
it's happening soon in fact okay so all
new game play is play ignites probably
be busy with something else but it's of
course just exciting yeah we'll probably
stream it alright here we go hey why is
imp still there I'm sure there's still
an AI well make sure once start the game
hit the button we'll see well alright I
guess we yeah
let's hit the button to see who's in her
okay
should we do something
is there any is there any value in in
what we have to say about I mean you
know that's a of course that's a real
super loaded question I know
I have not played a Metal Gear game
what was the Metal Gear game that came
out after solid tumors Holland to write
really yourself dude
I have not played a game since that
because I got bored with the convoluted
story yeah so I'm so out of the Metal
Gear I didn't bite - because mil gur
cell did one kind of lost me halfway
through that story when you got two evil
twins yeah I'm like yeah guy bye I'm
gonna finish it on I didn't let it be
one there maybe maybe that's you know my
own bias I wanted something a bit more
serious oh sure
the story is so prominent in those games
it's it's hard to divorce
I think the gameplay from the story in
Metal Gear and so you know like there
could be some merit in like I mean I
like I like stealth there's probably a
lot I would like in five
holy shit well that's what that's why
I'm saying like there's probably some
very real merit in like we haven't been
a part of the Metal Gear universe
mmm-hmm we're coming but then there
would be some silly ass boss that would
just take me right out of the game
followed by a large cutscene my review
would not at all bitch about voice
change rush I don't give a shit now
theif I would be totally pissed about
the voice change that they had in the
last one
yeah but just don't care of that much
about metal here in the first place I
don't I don't think that would face me
it would be again it would be one of
those things where where we would you
wouldn't even be close Oh like I've been
trying to teach myself how to fly like
that who are you reviewing a game like
should should a metal your game be
reviewed by somebody who's at least a
fan of the series because that's the
people who are going to be buying it
does it make any sense to have a person
who's not a fan give their thoughts nice
Jack it's nice see that was sweet
I was so fucking look at this off him oh
no I mother fucking dopey shit rich well
I guess that's what I'm saying is like
our review is not going to come out
anywhere near the release of beginning
because of the time we'll have to put
into it
and so will anyone care at that point
but I mean it's a huge game yeah
so was Batman and we got mediocre views
that's true
that's kind of I was personally upset
that didn't do as well as like the order
of you some of those I thought we really
nailed it I did too I did to us why I
was that's why I was sad
shit
all of us miss temple yeah pretty into
oh that's nice
oh my god that was great Sniper Wolf is
gone you're right jibin I'm just saying
that in your immune in the rocket League
dad
I guess that's the question where it's
like you know is it more important that
we make this show that we want to make
even if it gets mediocre views or is it
more important that we get out of video
fast and dirty as an outsider I might
even have interesting things to say
about metal here I'm thinking I'm taking
credit for saving or or all those props
again into the debt no no save it okay
okay I'm taking credit for saving that
did you not hear me rich Oh God are you
trying to convince me or yourself myself
okay under percent myself Oh God
flop it up all over the place I played
this game before I swear I like it
better
I but I'm also just a fan of this
controller the Xbox 360 controller yeah
Oh Oh Jack that was definitely my safe
you're having a good game oh oh I
couldn't what did I say no you were okay
I just you know there's no I wish there
was a like a rocket slide like a
left-to-right rocket slide you know
sometimes there's just no getting over
there fast enough
so we're talking about the show I say
fuck it let's just do it
about bias roots bias if if metal gear
as the tradition is has a convoluted
story line yeah and I don't have and I
don't like convoluted story lines or you
do too and to just like everyone else
Jared just like everyone else just like
everyone else all right
is it is it really bias if they're just
doing something that I don't like and I
genuinely don't like it it's not like
I'm going to hate the game for the sake
of doing it if I were to play Metal Gear
Solid 5 and it actually has a fairly
straightforward concise story without
without hand possessions and vampires
maybe I'd really like it but is it my
fault if they do things I don't like as
a reviewer no well I I think you know no
matter what if you dislike something
that someone else likes they're gonna
call bias or their bullshit because
people are dumb it's it's especially
tough going in knowing that's like this
series has something that I don't like
about it but you know we do I think try
to go in as
objective as possible and so someone's
saying what it's practice to was the
only convoluted one that you have to
remember that one lost me with the evil
twins okay I don't think it's just - no
no one was convoluted as shit there was
twins and ninjas and yeah some ninja
knows a robot - what there's a robot
ninja yeah oh oh turn over your
motherfucker
and I might even have really nice things
to say about the gameplay itself and
that it could lead to an interesting
conversation about story versus gameplay
you know I mean it would be really
interesting after the Batman episode of
where the story saved the lackluster
gameplay what if the game plays yeah
yeah if the story's even lackluster
right but I'm just you know assuming
it's assuming it does some of the shit I
hated with 1 & 2 we're going to assume
that it's convoluted bullshit because I
think that's a fair assumption yeah
based off of past knowledge of the Metal
Gear series
it's most likely going to be calm oh no
oh yeah you saved it that was you know
the only thing you saved as your own ass
rich I saved it I I want to say that I
knocked it up so it hit the top of the
goal and if I did not it would have made
it into the goal oh I totally sick
so yeah maybe after because we already
know we're doing for the next prereq
lien which were filming Friday but maybe
the one after that we do medal here
maybe Mad Max is the other option the
questions which which would be better to
do 404 a prereq show yeah oh definitely
Milligan Mad Max I don't think we'll
have enough to talk about what I just
there there's no doubt in my mind that
we will have more to talk about I think
we should stream that next
at this game
it's what I'm used to the question job
is which one of us gets the Bible Pass
which one of us goods to heaven
if you would like it you can I'm not
interested flat okay so you can have it
just bring it
it's a stream oh there's always stuff
you know when you get it to Center cuz
you're like okay I'll get the center and
hopefully my teammates will get it but
it also makes it so that the enemy but
okay yeah you get Mad Max will stream
Mad Max will do an episode on Metal Gear
okay that's as much of
robots playing the game that the
shoulder button that brings up the older
person
everyone's person everyone's a person
oh my god everyone's on the roof
yes everyone knows the strategy to get
on the roof I got a feeling my opinions
on the bag match well this was
ill-advised and that was ill-advised
combat doesn't work for this series and
car combat much more exciting to watch
in a movie than it is the plane again
you know I got a feeling it's gonna be
like a laundry list of this didn't work
that didn't work well you know it's a
it's a question of you brought up a
really good point I did not know that
they were reusing that was my miss I
missed that same
oh my god we are we have not scored a
point yet no orange I believe it's using
the shadow of mordor engine yeah so you
were saying you didn't you didn't know
what was going to what I didn't know it
was gonna use that combat and so it's a
it's a the problem is in not properly
utilizing gameplay for a
characterization because Mad Max
wouldn't fight like that
Mad Max doesn't fight like that hold the
second movie libs right
Mad Max isn't about stuff like that and
then in the end for the most part he
just drives a truck in a straight line
pretty cool to know that was a really
nice shot yeah fuck man
look at this boom we need to score one
point orange and we're winners in our
heart Hey
ten seconds every ten seconds you got a
score you're back in yeah no no I just
don't I don't want to shut out that's
all we need right now is not a shutout
oh oh okay
oh there you go no no once every ten
point two seconds we're due to score
that one a little bit quick eight
seconds yeah so now we can now we have a
real shot now you got a large slightly
larger window
Jim that's gonna hurt your chances
Mireille you got this
I got it
Wow oh my god
100% on me Oh 100% on me that was my
Biff but I can save it over here I'll
shoot it right to me
that's right oh I I would hope that the
Mad Max game would have watched and
character interaction which had no
character interaction I love that the
Nemesis system and shadow of Mordor but
I've never had a world feel so empty in
me like a fucking push shove a fucking
town in there or something
I can't tell you how like incredibly
disappointed I was with shadow of Mordor
you know like we're just coming off that
Batman kick yeah and and like I just
needed more of that combat in my life
and it's like okay Lord of the Rings I
kind of know the Lord of the Rings
mythology like I'm not a huge Lord of
the Rings fan but I understood what was
going on and it was just nothing to that
game but work fights
I love the tactics I'm planning I'm
taking a captain dollar analyzing the
weaknesses that's neat I really like
that yeah that was nice bang by the way
I ain't donuts I'm sure you're being a
little snide but our sonic the most
overrated game ever did pretty well in
the puke oh yeah you know there's yeah
you don't it's a saying don't we need
more click baby titles we we we have
been talking about another like in depth
didn't work we tried we wanted that to
work what the Batman review alright but
but you know like Batman did alright but
also our blood-borne review was pretty
in-depth I want to say are the order
review was hyper and oh yeah but also
people love negativity right people want
to see someone shit over you you've got
that though for part of the Batman
review are you can you got that for like
80% of the Batman review was shitting
him yeah but people didn't want us to
shit out back that was our problem
didn't they I don't I don't know what
that game was is well reviewed as you
and well-received as you think Jack was
it not I don't think so
I think everyone hates the fucking bad
they should yeah well that Racecourse
dlc to go ahead and paid 40 bucks for
that shit
I am looking forward to some day getting
the gist using a normal bathroom
that's what of the DLC you get to play
as Batman I think that great you know
what I was doing the other day just
because I wanted to fight his Batman a
little bit more yeah I was using the
Batman Beyond Batsy uh-huh which gets
rid of the cape and it looks really
what's like Batman Beyond the pouches
right the night yeah because you know it
still has to have like oh I liked I like
not having a cape what number of you do
you consider good that's a good question
I a hundred thousands nice over a
hundred thousand feels good I mean
compared to what some of the major
YouTube channels get it's it's not
gangbusters but oh god right now I think
over a hundred thousand and I'm saying
anything anything above that is cake is
frosting is gravy
yeah but yeah that's what I'm looking
for and I want to say Batman is a little
over 80 which you know it's fine
yeah
we rich and I were talking about it was
different like more click Beatty more
like general game discussion that
specific game discussion or you know
like the Masonic game wasn't necessarily
about the game it was it was about this
like grander idea you know about it
about its place in history and we like
the same way that was the kind of the
same with me like in the Zelda 2
Adventures of link whereas more just
about like why this game existed and
less so funny we were talking about
another one like that and it just didn't
know but I'd call that quick interesting
you know we didn't give Legend of Zelda
a click baby title but we were talking
about one with a superkick baby title I
may have fucked your shot up it just
didn't pan out we couldn't we couldn't
justify the pokemons won the Pokemon we
were looking at doing a Pokemon episode
after which is Pokemon breaking run but
we found enough evidence to Jesus fuck
the order was a beautiful episode I mean
it was fun to take down the order
because the game was so short we could
actually film and get it out in a
reasonable amount of time it was the
perfect game for us you know because we
could get it out in that window where
people were still talking about it did
very well
view was the order was a perfect yeah I
can't imagine we're gonna find another
game that we can complete an 8 out for
this pokemon does it turn your son's gay
Mauri Mauri oh that was exactly that was
exactly I wanted to talk about how JRPG
combat is kind of boring at a joke but
people kept saying that the multi
players
we're depth to it maybe does right the
whole idea was whether or not Pokemon
was kind of broken and
relying on people making a metagame for
themselves like I had always played the
single-player Pokemon raising a well
diverse team and apparently I was making
the game more challenging within it
ooh nice that was like a double rocket
goal
so you know we were gonna do this whole
episode on like whether or not people
were creating the metagame coconut
because rich was able to you know beat a
few gym leaders with just in one Pokemon
not having a diverse team at all but
what we found in our research was that
many people do that
for speedruns and Wow
also the player-versus-player portion of
Pokemon requires more therefore we the
the episode was unwarranted
oh c'mon story has always been yeah
that's what we that's what we basically
discovered is the real game starts 20
hours in god I never got that far I jest
at played the mated the bane game for
all of them and really enjoyed it oh
sorry beats drain my mic is but but but
but but but maybe Metal Gear and yeah me
never you're never gonna see a console
Toki button no that's how they sell
handhelds
that's what Nintendo that's that's what
Nintendo has going for them handhelds
and they're not gonna shoot their
handheld business in the foot have you
guys thought of increasing the number of
discussion episodes instead of a
specific game review playing reviews are
everywhere yeah I mean the answer to
that is yeah we just need something to
discuss and usually a game is a nice
jumping-off point
yeah and so the answer is of course
of course we have but you know it has to
be something that we want to talk about
and quite possibly that's something
we're working on for our next episode is
a greater gaming discussion wrapped
around okay we'll see how all turns out
that episode might be kind of just short
it could be short and blah yeah which of
course it might happen is always an
option failure is always enough
Tiberius Kirk says aside from the first
two reviews guacamelee is the lowest
viewed review with 53,000 which tells me
what this tells me is the game's
identities do matter to me yeah oh yeah
absolutely
Sonic we we badmouth like Dino Riki
nobody would give it a shit unless it's
a notoriously bad right oh yeah no it
either needs to be a franchise that
everybody knows or a fresh out game that
we do a timely review yep and that's
incredibly hard when we don't get
pre-release copies of games and we will
never get pre-release copies of games
and so that's why rich and I really do
concentrate I'm just having the most
in-depth discussion we can we can't be
the first out we'll be the most in-depth
what would be nice but I don't think
we're popular enough to ever get
something like it going be like like
interviews love to do interviews yeah
good tim schafer on the show or ed
mcmahon that'd be great I would love
that I'd be terrible at it well jackal
me Jack are we doing all the heavy
lifting in an interview I'm sure but
that'd be that'd be interesting and you
know some of those could happen Jake
Solomon oh yeah
we know someone fire axes I know that's
why I just been in the back of my head
what about the interviews though I know
I'd be terrible at it it's part of the
problem
no mr. glitch yes we we see that comment
all the time and here's the thing so
about the sonic review what's the number
one comment on the sonic review is you
should have rolled yeah you're not
rolling the only problem you lose
momentum you you're not you know you
have no gas well you know all the time
one you lose momentum - there are still
things like spike traps that will kill
you and three there's still not enough
time to press the roll button when you
see an enemy because of these the screen
yeah all of all of our business huge
issue to this at the end of the screen
being right in front of our goddamn face
all of our points are still valid
we we just didn't show with the roll
because we kept dying every that's what
every one says it's like why aren't you
guys rolling can't walk try and press
the down button and no we already got
killed by an enemy so it didn't roll
well then you run into spikes like that
what the honking
nice with that that's the finger cheese
sonic is nothing but trial and error and
muscle memory you have the sonic
requires you to memorize the levels and
that's not good game design that's
old-school the quarter sucking game
design
Mario taught us a better way Mario
taught us a better way using your skill
using
people just lie to them said well you
know what like we said in the episode
sonic Sonic's place in gaming history
has more to do with the Genesis's yes in
gaming history Sonic is the embodiment
of the Genesis and for anyone who
planted their flag with Sega sonic bonus
in Sonic is home to them you know so I
understand why people are very
passionate about that doesn't make it a
good game
good night twigs thanks for playing
I'm alright cool says I spend all day
writing Sonic fan fiction
I want I want to believe that's true I
really do why why why do I want to
believe anybody do this why is sonic a
tightness so big a thing visit all just
the furries
no no it's I mean that's funny but it
literally is people had to choose signs
when we were younger when we were kids
there was a difference between Nintendo
people in second people yeah there was a
big difference and we planted our flag
firmly in one side or another
you own a Super Nintendo or you own the
Genesis you fucking tell me same way
every Xbox in history exactly but we're
adults now so hopefully we can put that
past us but these kids who grew up in
the first console war pourable with and
there's no there's no terracing you
start that rocket up and there's no
turning it down
Sonic or Mario exactly Oh bother and
it's hard to put that away even when
you're an adult now and you're
rose-colored glasses
yeah oh my god double withering
jimmy-jam five we don't cater your
fancies Sega folks here in this part of
town what do you what do you got there
boost processing get out of you it was
the super Nintendos thing last
processing oh that's a good yeah what
was a mold eleven motile oh yeah we're a
Moute eleven kind of town we don't need
your blast process and to get outta here
beer controller only has three buttons
that ain't natural
mode seven
oh so close boost processing and note
eleven babes process
you got your boost process and we got
mode eleven motherfucker
oh the gap is getting too late I need to
stop drinking what time actually take it
we can take one more there's one more
game one more game guys
jebin don't be crude UH one more thing I
had left on my list of things to talk
about
which is in my newly revived comic book
spirit I picked up a new comic book and
I rather enjoy it okay it's bad girl oh
I was just looking around town NIDA
needing something to read and I picked
up the the new bad girl the the new
outfit bad girl which apparently by the
way is the old Batgirl new outfit is
pulled back her off and what the the you
know the the Batgirl with the new outfit
I had always assumed it was like a new
universe Batgirl uh-huh but it's it's
same background same Barbara Gordon she
you know that Barbara Gordon has been
shot by the Joker okay they mention it
briefly she got better she got better
okay
she talked about her downtime you know
she's a college student
kind of like that Derby and I'm just a
couple issues in yeah but it's really
good really fun art style I'm down with
all the characters already like Barbara
is interesting and fun as always you
know she is a she's like a very nerdy
detective there's a question does she
know that robot Batman is her dad is a
thing that hasn't come up yet
okay how could they not bring that up
I'm only two issues in all right I don't
even know if robot Batman is the Batman
yeah
these are old issues you know those that
so Barbara's
Barbara's stick is she has a photo
photographic memory Batman how many of
these fuckers have photographic memories
right and so the way they show her
detective skills is very much like I did
it in the game you know what really used
to it yeah and you know like you see
things but it's really just her
remembering stuff okay
I thought they handled that very well in
the contract and her outfit is adorable
and every the way the artist draws all
the characters every one is very
adorable but still not like not
realistic but like it's great I'm really
shame I'm really enjoying it and it's
it's a DC comic and I'm not usually a DC
guy I'm I'm glad you enjoy think I'm
enjoying it I'm really I can offer zero
feedbacks for you
oh no I and I know you can because
you're not you are no longer into comics
but either I read comic books or I have
a roof over my head right but you know
the last time I tried a conical as the
the Batman super wonder what the bet of
the Superman Wonder Woman thing and I
was really disappointed by that
I thought I would share my trying to get
back into comics I hear they're going to
turn Peter Parker into like a
millionaire or owner of a company in the
vein of Tony Stark Jesus this morning if
you affirm or read to any of that I have
not heard or read that I think that
would be the dumbest idea in the history
of spider-man including deal with the
devil it could be interesting I mean if
they don't fundamentally alter Peter
Parker's personality it might be
interesting to see him and him such a
different circumstance briefly no I
don't read it would be a great permanent
change the reason that spider-man I
don't know how you'd write your way out
of it right
spider-man is a beloved character
because he isn't as close to an everyman
superhero as beep yet hmm
Superman is invulnerable Batman is a
billionaire Ironman is a billionaire
Thor as a god Peter Parker is a dude
he's a dude who pays rent and does shit
with his time you know that's what makes
Spiderman special stop fucking around
with that
No we'll call spider-man Peter Parker
everyman I don't know that he said every
man as much as he isn't every nerd you
know there's the a identifiability that
makes him yes yeah well that's I think
that's what I've been digging about
Batgirl is you know Batgirl is off at
college she's not hanging out at Wayne
Manor she is she is as close to an
everyman as we can get in the Batman
universe and I yeah but you know she's
still a detective obviously I like
superhero detectives she still punches
people and I like one of the punch
people but she's a poor college dude
she's actually she's she's Batman in
Batman with spider-man which is kind of
why I'm sorry I'm sorry which is kind of
why I'm loving the book right I know
it's spider-man in a bat suit
oh I had a better shot but you didn't
there was no way you could know that
there's no way you could know that I
don't blame you whoever it's stole my
shot oh my god I hate it when people do
blow they steal your shots with you
clearly they're behind you they can see
you have better a good angle on the ball
is somehow they rock it in front of you
and fuck everything up it's the worst
when your ball is like just gingerly
going into the goal and someone knocks
it in and getting steals your fucking
points oh yeah to be fair a couple of
times I I to be nice I let a ball roll
in yeah only to have one of the
opponent's the last minute knock it off
that's happened like twice sure sure so
a couple times I have knocked in a
friendly ball just to make sure it went
in after that Mister glitch rodent in
in-game chat there this is for Sonic I
don't think we buried Sonic
I think Sonic's fine yeah son it's doing
fine that was this was an interesting
stream yeah see a few hours of a game we
didn't much care for and some rocky
league the best fucking game on the
planet I hope you don't mind I uh I did
on our prereq steam page
are we still streaming yeah okay good on
a pristine page I did recommend rocket
League go on both of our back good yeah
yeah you know I don't keep up on things
we know this I know I know so I did I
curated rocket League not like it needed
it but read more comics check I am gonna
read more comics I really love comic
books I always I think I'll always love
comic books all right here we go oh my
god the mega list hmm rich you got this
I'll be a hype man
it's big a big a big gay make the
strongest cameltoe just a to flaps
motherfucker z no-trump z no trope your
name doesn't sound right hum-hum get
wild
yeah you hung motherfucker Master Kenobi
double-oh-seven some Jedi motherfucking
shit up in here smile and someone is the
second li assume unless you're one II
which doesn't make my son your name
sounds like a liquid yo why be the fat
beat Lloyd X Mensa you used to be smart
because you weren't smart enough to stay
in pizza train 11 yo the best kind of
train got that happens fruit pie the
magician you a magician you also a
healthy dessert
professor grandpa you oldest shit but
you a doctor yo Vinny 69 18 your name
like a sex act it's legal
69 18 to members they're your sex act is
legal
okay Chuck sticks test oh my god I
fucked that up Jax test Rich's drunk on
power on your name dick the beater boy
what a what a what a what a what up hey
Michelle ladies having your name is like
a small French flower and I believe it
blooms once here Manek 12
fifteen yeah that 12:15 doesn't know
what it's thinking self by sector you
cut into but you cut you into you know
what I'm saying yo K for Jack that's no
that's not the right one pop melon wait
no it's gay for J right this is a new
one
there's a new one we're now gay for Jack
what I don't I don't swing that way but
I appreciate the thought
pop melon your melon yo it be poppin and
the dude 19:44 sometimes the bear eats
you
and sometimes you eat the bar no I'm
saying that's a quote from the movie
from The Big Lebowski no maybe I don't
know what big things happen in 44 Jack
that was way before I was born
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true
