Jul 7, 2015
XCOM: Enemy Within, The Nightmare Cooperative, Hand of Fate
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9071309
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9074491
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9076726
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OqQp2zNU2I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij_h1etCxXQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLkHP6sEhFA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/618524476565630976

[Part I]
oh I have a green bar I only have a
green bar we're streaming we're actually
streaming we are actually streaming
hello everybody
apparently from Texas streaming from
Texas sorry about that we tried screw
streaming from New York like we normally
do but apparently the server is down so
we're now streaming live from Texas as
you can see on the screen X come is here
as promised as I promised as promised so
I Sunday stream was a nightmare from my
perspective it started off I'm gonna go
what you're training I've never gone
with training or led before and what is
training or elective its soldiers
training train will be randomly
generated so you know the sniper always
gets the same yeah perks that's not
gonna make you any more whoo rich is
going crazy I'm not hearing much game
clicking noises that should be good then
yeah right yeah because we don't want
the game to be too loud Sunday stream
was not a stream Jack I know it's heavy
areas Kirk I know so what how it started
was I couldn't find the audio cable to
hook up Rich's skype to my microphone
okay that's where that's where big is
such a simple technical problem because
I'm cleaning out my office and so like I
was just tearing through my house trying
to remember where I had put this very
specific cable it was a a 1/8 inch to
1/8 inch
patch cable
shotgun specialist so I finally found it
but you know everything's fine then
right so we started streaming and the
stream cut out for some reason I've been
having huge internet problems at home
yeah and 18t is getting an earful and
then that's a moot point because your
your power went out because I then then
finally like everything seems to be fine
and comically speaking like okay
everything seems to be working I hit the
go Batman gut button my entire block had
a blackout
the awesome amount of power required by
Batman yeah it was just too much for
your city's power grid absolutely a
brilliant clusterfuck it really was I'm
glad you enjoyed it the booze Raider I
don't know if I'd say brilliant
certainly was a clusterfuck that it was
you guys you guys really can't hear game
sound is that what you're telling me is
that what you're telling me hold on
father game sound phosphor games sound
know what we're gonna keep going you
should be hearing games no we see where
our tests are recordings yeah we don't
always match what gets broadcast so who
knows what the fuck is going on
no your honor game audio is coming
through very clear in fact game audio
might be too loud in any case my entire
block there was a blackout on Sunday and
that lasted for a couple hours yeah
sometimes tariff sure terrible fun times
sound is good great sound is fine yeah I
thought that sounds great
we did we did a test recording we're on
it tonight
rich is on the floor tonight yeah yes I
am cuz that that is how he can be
comfortable with his back situation
which is just terrible yeah there's
probably an echo with the what the fucks
because we are listening to sound from
the TV and so you'll hear a small echo
with what the Fox but then you just get
to hear what the fucks twice and I think
that's great
central Egypt jamming that's exactly
right John killer you get twice the what
the fucks for your money I'll what the
fuck so nice we play it twice yeah so
tonight is a make up stream once again
sorry movie dicks I know this is
normally a movie dicks night where you
guys watch movies and chat about them
and chat but this is when you rather be
here with us well you know movie dicks
is I think
this was the only night we could both
get together again so so we wanted to
get that bonus stream out because yeah
we we hate it when we miss a day
especially for technical reasons this
one this technical reason was a little
out of our control as far as my block
losing power but still not fun times so
any anything exciting going on Jack I've
been really trying to get the edit of
the Batman episode done I'm really
excited about the Batman episode so far
I have the first 15 minutes of the
episode edited and we haven't even got
to talk about shit the tank combat or
the story yet I'm taking a big risk to
get that Melvin people all like it when
I get the melt so I'm taking a risk
together you gotta give them hell you
don't make it you really don't we're
gonna everyone else is gonna wait
patiently for her yeah that's a good
idea
so the the Batman episode is going to be
a terribly long episode I'm guessing
it's gonna be over a half an hour when
it's all said and done because there we
talk about the story for so long
yeah and the story is a big part and
success what did you do I got the melt
Oh
what does the Mel do again you you never
you never played this game long enough
to get that far there's stuff you can
you can build giant robot troopers with
the MELD or you can make gene modded
super soldiers oh okay okay cool no I do
not growl in the Batman voice for the
whole up so we don't even do like a bad
Batman impression for the episode rich
is just saying
in fact rich didn't even mention the
ugly bat suit in the entire episode yeah
that's shocking lot to talk about
so where do I want to be sitting I'm
glad you love longer episodes I I know
you guys are okay with longer episodes
it's tough for me
I have conditioned myself to be short
fast quick but there's a lot of good
conversation in there so I'm pretty
excited I'm pretty excited about the
Batman episode I did I just don't know
if I can get it done I have I have other
stuff to edit and so I don't know when I
can get it done I'm hoping to have it
done Thursday night and have it up by
Friday that's my goal I don't know if it
can happen up so how important is it to
you guys to get like a new game review
out relatively soon does it matter
we're wondering how much it matters our
turnaround time our turnaround time for
the latest triple-a release
yeah like Batman's gonna be like almost
a month after the game came out because
obviously we don't we don't get
pre-release anything you know to review
ahead of time so you know we play the
game for a week then we got to find time
to get together to talk about it and
then it takes Jack time to edit it
before you know what a month is gone by
absolutely yeah so how important is that
to you guys
quick turnaround everyone is saying it
does not really matter all right that's
good that's what I'm that's what I'm
saying cuz it is what it is it is what
it is but you know and you know like the
the big thing is you know the quicker we
can get it out the the wider audience we
can reach and overall we're less
concerned about that then having a good
conversation and making a quality show
you know I am playing it's so fucking
cautious right now this is a joke brick
you're making it all the way tonight how
fast can you beat ex-con I'm not gonna
do it tonight okay
we all K are for 1d we all care about
the next blanket review you're right
you're right
whoo right the order 1886 review was
wonderful fun here he was the order 1886
review was this magical time where we
could play the game and have our
conversation be tagged a m-- and film
our conversation in the same day all
right you know it took 8 hours to beat
that game whereas Batman do you think
it's gonna be Batman 40 yeah I don't
know well the timeless there's multiple
days multiple days I'm gonna I'm gonna
assume I played Batman for about 40
maybe even 50 hours because i 100% did
all the other side missions except for
the Riddler ones and so you know that's
a lot that's a lot of time that's a lot
of time to play a game we recorded the
conversation last Tuesday and so we had
the game for a week we played that game
for a week then recorded and of course
now it's been a week I could have had it
done sooner you know what killed it
fourth of July weekend you got a do
family stuff fuck family right it's like
they wanted to what I wanted to spend
time with me and I said well you could
stay you could hang out in my office but
don't talk to me well I had it they
didn't seem happy about that so your
family did not want to spend time
talking to you no they wanted to spend
time talking to me but I said you could
be in my office with me while I edit but
don't talk to me they didn't like that
you're shooting through walls apparently
she has very good vision
I lost that note but I don't give a
fucking flying fuck rat's ass thing what
right I just know they're gonna get an
overwatch shot off of it fuck it let's
and that's right it's a beers Kirk you
know says I think the quicker you get
out new release reviews the more
exposure you can get and that is
important but time is money so if
there's too much time then by all means
don't take out those resources that
could go to real life and it's like
that's the balance you know that it that
is 100% the balance yeah I thought that
leftover beefcake the the people at Wow
24/7 put us on a list of YouTube
channels we should be watching both us
and red letter media and and we
appreciate that I don't that was really
great
damn it's the Rising Sun wants to know
would you all ever consider bringing in
outside editors if money wasn't an issue
I'm not sure how Mike and Jay feel about
this but I think part of our product is
the editing that Mike and Jake do ya
like and specifically for us like you
know I do enjoy the editing I'll tell
you what I would what I would love to do
is like if money was not an issue there
are two things that I would do one I
would I would hire a crew to make
shooting much simpler you know have
someone set up the set for us have
someone be behind the cameras and
monitoring audio that would be most
important to me this is all awful oh
yeah this is all fucking off are you
gonna die is everyone gonna die I just I
don't have a good shot on anything no
second thing I would do is I would get
an assistant editor I would still want
to edit the episodes because I enjoy
editing but I would get an assistant
editor someone to import all the footage
for me log it all
make some notes because that takes up a
ton of time just watching watching the
video again in making notes that takes
up a ton of time and then gathering
resources that also takes up time or
it's like if I need a clip of something
that I that we didn't record or like a
clip from another game you know like
getting those little assets or getting
art assets takes time away from the Edit
if I get an assistant editor if money
was no object I mean that's the thing
like we don't we don't make enough money
for us we can't
plus an audio engineer for the streams
no I mean listen this is gonna be the
death the death kiss right here but I
think we oughta sounds pretty good right
Oh Jack Zack you know better you know
better ha ha I'm just I'm saying right
at this very moment
the audio sounds pretty good so oh you
got crap aim pal crap aim we're gonna
work on we're gonna work on how audio
sounds when I call into the studio
because that's our only issue that's our
only issue right now we have audio
figured out when rich calls me but now
when I call rich here at the studio
that's the next thing we're gonna work
on
how about some interns free slave work
right yeah you know we don't have enough
to offer in our schedule so weird we're
like that's the other thing is we'd
never be able to plan enough ahead of
time to schedule interns it's a whole
it's all a whole thing it's all the
whole thing
we need some more audio engineering
education you know I don't know I think
I think the audio is sounding good right
at this very moment so I'm gonna take it
you can't get too crazy with the audio
this is impossible right yes yeah rich
is playing on impossible mode you can
tell because the sectoid have four blips
of health Oh for gloves the valve no I'm
going on over which I did the other
thing that happened is I took some time
and I went to go see inside out you see
now right yep yeah cute
like everything Pixar does yeah it's
cute very cute movie it's uh you know
it's not quite as as like heart
wrenching as say like up up his
heart-wrenching
no no III call inside out like mid-level
yeah but now that's mid-level amongst a
lot of greatness mind you row yeah yeah
but there's like there's like six movies
I'd put ahead of inside out from Pixar
you know what I'd call it a ratatouille
level yeah where it's very it's very
good might not met it necessarily be the
most like memorable movie ever but very
good movie sweet nice shot
very good movie and you know a lot of a
lot of sadness of course they like the
movie kind of revolves around sadness
which i think is is beautiful like the
the the theme of inside out this is
something that i think is really cool
so I recommend a watch it's fun fun
movie oh yeah that's what I need more
active aliens
yeah rats it too is great rats it too is
a great movie but not necessarily like
that's not the butter zone that's not
like this s no uh that's no Toy Story I
mean telling stories great so sorry
spine it ain't no it ain't no
Incredibles but what is the Incredibles
be incredible this is what's the
Incredibles even up even up isn't great
like up it is a is devastation of a
bitch what you do it's too far away
I don't I did instead of being a flake
shot it's nothing Oh XCOM why why do you
do this to me the butter zone I'm trying
to think of like you know what great
Pixar is up while we the Incredibles
wall-e wall-e is great yeah Wally is
fucking amazing Wally is the best Wally
ain't Incredibles even up is starting to
get down there the first 15 minutes of
up is perfect you're exactly right
Zac Peterson like the first 15 minutes
of op is some of the most wonderful
storytelling ever imaginable the same
same with like the first half-hour of
wall-e storytelling without dialogue
it's great it's perfect it's great and
it's perfect inside out is all right I
love it more for its theme like how it
handles this complex situation of you
know like dealing with sadness and it's
got some good jokes disgust it's cute
it's a cute you make this flight shot
and we're all good you don't make this
flank shot everyone does that woman down
there dice oh oh you should see up new
camper or 89 you should see up it's it's
great I don't wanna waste her tonight
all right I'm liking this Russian woman
she gets a nickname it's gonna be
dependable yeah yep
I'm 35 i watch movies for grown-ups
there's nothing wrong with watching
movies for kids into good movies yeah I
don't I don't I don't think yeah up up
and Wally and Incredibles these are all
movies that gropes could joy as we say
The Incredibles especially I think kids
might find Incredibles boring Scott's
good for Heroes punch each other last
room Incredibles is great Wally maybe
kids would find boring oh that's robots
man just robots fucking robots
everywhere listen mister
thirty-five-year-old you watch some
movies for grown-ups you watch you want
to Hualien up and then you come come
back here with some tissues cuz drying
your eyes cuz we had such an emotional
moment with those those kid movies he
probably reads comic books for tumors
for babies I read comic books I know
that's not fair at all I don't know what
he likes
right but yeah yeah I just got done with
the series of comic books that I was
rather I was rather disappointed in wish
it's called Dave but the a is spelled
with a for I've seen this stuff it takes
place it sounds stupid pants it's here
stupid pants it takes place in the
future after robots killed all humans
they're kind of humanoid-looking robots
and they've killed all the humans yay
exactly so all the robots are happy
everybody's dead
and it's about a military robot who now
has to deal with life outside the
military
and it's not that great no no it's it's
it's someone who thinks this idea is way
cooler than it actually been the
execution actually was yeah where he's
like don't you get it it's a metaphor
for how humdrum our everyday life is
that yeah cuz this robot I used to be
cool but he's now he's humdrum it's one
of the robots do when all the humans are
dead they do human fingers human things
what does make any sense they see
there's a that's less interesting yeah
there's a throwaway line about you know
like we were built by humans and so and
so we we fell into their means now let's
stop it salt them so Dave with the four
don't necessarily recommend how do you
spell Dave for the form would be a is a
for Ed's dumb huh
that's dumb that is dumb so yeah I know
rich gets loud watch your watch your
loudness rich yeah yeah oh my awesome
aim Russian woman no she's a support
she's the least interesting class in the
game well you know what fuck you too
XCOM well in a fuck you too heavy with
bad aim that's that's fine but that's
fine oh god oh god what I got a I got a
sniper with with sub rookie aim oh god
no no no that's awful
why couldn't it be that Russian woman
this is crap this is crap I'm sorry rich
our aim is actually just normal she just
happened to hit a lot of shots no that's
interesting she's a dice roller she's
one of them dice rollers and and and
assault was slightly better than normal
aim which is that a good thing some
people would say it's a waste
i I like it but
if you're gonna you know if you're gonna
have a soldier with bad aim salts not a
terrible class have be the soldier with
that aim okay because they try to get
close anyway if you use a shotgun I hear
you I turn to Rich's mic down it might
be because rich is on the floor his mic
might be slowly sinking closer to his
mouth but I've turned it down everything
should be fine now
hello my name is dr. Fannin I oversee
the research labs dr. Farkas is smells
I'm not gonna take a picture of rich
lying on the floor that would be a
little mean oh wait I forgot to pick I
pick a research your research yeah get
that laser weapon shit yeah probably
maybe I'm making a mistake there I
should go for armor but I feel like with
the higher alien now you can barely hear
it tell me up to where I was it was fine
shit one person complaining it's fine
you know you you you're magic voice does
does damage yes future future J taking a
picture of rich lying on the floor would
be very Mike of me which is why I'm not
doing it I am a I'm a kind and happy
individual
never listen to chat I know well listen
I've turned Richmond back up now if like
have to the distance say something
what yeah he's fine what talking his
voice is fine everything's fine alright
who wants to be a named who wants to be
named the next person that says it I
have to be a subscriber he's have to be
a subscriber a stickler for that yep
Wylie h2o WI ll Y h2o Oh
I do have a keyboard this is your job
wait wait I gotta click on them I got oh
my god no I think everything's messed up
oh my god where where did she go there
she is okay first name actually should
be the it's me the second name what
where do they read that get rid of all
that rid of all that all right there
were oh my god
others capitals where there shouldn't be
alright it's perfect okay that's perfect
all right second one yep baby Slayer one
five six babies just check the cat box
off oh my god okay I'm choosing the
first name I see after rich says now No
teacher few GA who wants to be alright
who wants to be there's a derpy low aim
sniper who's going to die soon and I
might not use much just the first person
with a pizza roll to say derp you can be
the dirt I'm your dirt crippled Oh what
smelling of derp alidium
I didn't specify okay oh my god then
it's oh I need the mouse oh my god oh my
god here's an awesome chat moving to
fast I saw you
oh hold on
oh my gourd surge Exe ser GE exe surge
exe you are the first one to say derp
even though you spelled it with a u
which is weird they might they might not
be familiar with the memes which you
know that's fine and just for my sake
make the first name don't derpy derpy
yeah like you spell thing I always spell
it with an e dirt I think everybody does
you spelled it with me lately not be
familiar with obnoxious memes when
people say derp all the time derp isn't
a meme derp isn't just a worrisome thing
people say I'm there that related to I
think so oh I never knew it was an
internet thing I always just thought it
was something I've dirt but I felt like
it's been around for a while okay I'm
probably gonna kill some people off so
all well name a few more okay starting
no
I'm waiting yeah
whoever calls it I'm waiting
yes my name is Tate's asks if I can be a
pretty lady okay
I hope she's pretty enough it's good
thing it's not taint hey I know I had to
double-check and anyone more waiting I'm
waiting the next person to say it I
wants to be this Australian chick with a
really serious expression on her face
and some crappy hair Mario Mario says
kill me
so I'm gonna assume okay kill me and
that's enough of that
great we have our team that's a choice
candidate for later shit will though ATM
what's it will what does will do there's
things with like mind control and
panicking when when shit gets real
people start dying yes some of your
soldiers might panic okay so she says
she has great aim but she's just medical
to blow up but once I get thee they will
upgrade maybe I'll start trying to level
her she's got good will and great aimed
rule average average below average
average so higher on the will good good
why is everyone a chick in this version
of the game I got nothing against women
but special forces are not 90 percent
female but that's all that doesn't yeah
but it's weighted completely wrong it's
weighted backwards
well it's no it's not only its weight
it's weighted backwards is it always
very female so no one in the and the
earlier version of the game it was the
other way around it was like 30 women
sort of like 33% chance rate mm-hmm no
it's like they show up at like a 78
maybe people like looking at ladies look
if this were a Charlie's Angels game I'd
be fine with that but it's not and it's
just weird oh that's a good idea mr.
Schad smile yes maybe you know next XCOM
or next FTL we should make a crew of
just mom's just moderators agreed I like
that idea and that's a great idea
thanks all of the subscribers need
something I don't mind giving shoutouts
to the mod all the time but oh sure I
mean we've never done that we see a lot
of the same names come up and I want to
spread it out Oh everybody you know
everybody who subscribed should have an
equal cheese yeah you we try to give
everyone a chance we do get the same
names often but they're just quick on
the keyboard I don't I don't
scientists money or engineers science
money or engineers
I want them laser rifles we're going
with science science engineers are
important but that's this is impossible
difficulty and that's a very difficult
mission no money is a nice butt bone for
science signs it up motherfucker hello
for panic it's kind of a bad move
because I don't really need this
continent but this is what is this
no Tiberius Kirk like we we want to
thank everyone you know our subscribers
our moderators our moderators do great
work for us and so you know every once
in a while doing something a little
extra for the moderators I think is a
good idea you try to they do work for
free basically I mean yeah yeah they
just helped us which is great and so you
know giving shouts out to all the people
that subscribe including the moderators
I think is important and we've never
done anything that's just moderator
centric so why not every once in a while
we haven't but their names do show up a
lot and in things what we made people
laugh sure sure but a a specific
moderator shout-out is not a I did hear
about the solo solo film and I'm a
little excited about the Han Solo solo
film only because Lord Miller are
directing it and I enjoy Lord and Miller
I enjoy that duo a lot it has been
confirmed by the way from now from Star
Wars calm I don't care that's a role I
have a hard time seeing anyone other
than Harrison Ford - yep hey if anyone
can do it it's Lord Miller those those
motherfuckers know what's up good for
them good for them that they got this
they have turned what could have been
shit into gold before what have they
done 21 Jump Street remake lego movie
ok Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs you
didn't like Cloudy with a Chance of me
but hey I'm a sinner oh you should it's
great that's legit if you say something
21 Jump Street no you should it's funny
no interesting I know no one did it's
great it's great it makes it makes me
more optimistic that they're in charge
of it because they have taken things
like like for example 21 Jump Street
just another movie remake of a show but
they made it work they made it funny
lego movie could have hired any writers
any directors right the lego property
would have made money and these guys
turned it turned it into gold
21 Jump Street
is a movie I had absolutely no interest
in and everyone around me kept saying
like you need to see this and me just go
ahead no it's just another fucking
remake who cares
scrape maybe and maybe it's only like as
decent as it rich are you on the roof
yeah rich is on the roof give it up for
the roof so no 21 Jump Street everything
they've been a part of I can get down
behind so if they're doing a solo solo
movie good for them
team roof Superbird
I think 21 Jump Street surprised
everyone I have yet to see 22 Jump
Street
I hear equally good things about it but
because apparently all it does it's
apparently 22 Jump Street spends the
entire movie making fun of sequels
really yeah like really we're going
we're gonna have to do this again so I
don't know get on get on the trolley
rich get on this 101 Joker tries there's
a trolley to be had you're gonna have to
move what the fuck indeed what the fuck
what the fuck what the fuck
maybe are they really making a third
other than making 23rd Jump Street ever
the fuck they want Jack they're adults
there they are they're adults and their
movies have made money so they can do
whatever they want
I know if I move here right yeah I'll
either flank them or I won't have line
of sight
okay I'm gonna go for the possible flank
well yeah I gotta go I got a flank
nice how do you know if it's a flank
well I just I was worried the roof see
him oh sure sure but a yellow but that
counts yeah uh-huh
nice take the shot take the shot
what happened not enough damage didn't
do anything useful oh well this is cramp
it's all crap I was caught those grab my
life is quite good
what that's not true dick neutral says
they're making a 21 Jumpstreet men in
black crossover last I heard that sound
that sounds like an SNL game a bad SNL
gay or just they're all bad
show me the last good SNL gag and I'll
show you Phil Hartman
no leftover beefcake you should use all
of our isms Jimmy jams get on the
trolley and everything is fine all the
time I think those are those are great
isms that's that's how I live my life
rich has taught me how to get on the
trolley now and I now spend my life
getting on the trolley and I feel better
about me
no prereq is is gonna play splatoon
actually we were talking about what our
stream is gonna be tomorrow and we are
gonna bring in the Wii U yeah
tomorrow tomorrow is mario kart smash
brothers splatoon all we you all the
time it's gonna be great
if you say so III want you to get your
hands on sporting it's interesting oh no
oh no oh no she moved to a different
town than I want her to now she's
completely exposed oh my god oh my god
son of a bitch son of a bitch
so she's dead now maybe see what the
line-of-sight situation is no Nintendo
won't sue us but Nintendo will you know
we just won't monetize those YouTube
videos which isn't a big deal when I cut
him up for YouTube later on so not a big
deal but yeah I do want rich to get its
hands on splatoon to get his impressions
of it and I'm gonna play some smash want
to play some Mario Kart I'll play smash
for the first time since I went to the
original oh my god that's great
rich is playing on impossible yeah a lot
Castle hunker down yes we will I mean
hopefully we'll do a from Mario Kart and
smash will do only oh fuck oh my god
tell it a hunker down hunker down one
more time I'm going scream I know I'll
be the whole chat will be invited to to
play Mario Kart with us and to play
smash with us and hopefully play
splatoon I think we can do that too
we're
we can like play splatoon with each
other I think they'd be great you know I
just ask much like last time you know
take turns if you if you carted once
drop out let someone else card with us
and so everyone can get a turn and it'll
be fun
it'll be super great times if you're mad
you get to go twice yeah and by the way
chat rich can't read the chat right now
so he knows what you're all saying I
don't what are they all saying what did
you just ask me not to say this is the
chat is filled with it right now but he
can't read the chat so ha ha ha so ha ha
ha cooler Court Court Court dork
Rich's homeless laughter from the last
best of the worst now that was genuine I
was so happy to see they watched what
was wrong about laughter from the last
best of the worst you know just mic held
on that one shot of you laughing and
like the slow zoom in of your laugh okay
it was a very long laugh it was great
they watched low blow on movie dates
uh-huh
they started before I left it at the
chip so great I'm glad I'm glad everyone
got a chance to see it low blow
Oh low blow and Lady Terminator
beautiful movies everyone needs to see
him who's playing with you guys smarter
so far it's just being rich I'll send uh
I'll send a message out to everyone I'll
see if they want to join but no
guarantees
robbed the rubber I don't think there
was a different set I'm not quite sure
what your what you're asking different
set of one that's the worse we always do
in the warehouse I don't know they're
talking about the couch oh yeah they got
new couches big red couches I'm not sure
I like them
no no they're too fluffy they're too
like you know they get me off the ground
ah and I'm like I'm a tall guy and like
when I sit on the couch and my legs
don't touch the floor it feels weird if
I rushed over here how many other aliens
am I going to alert is all of them a
thing potentially oh yeah yeah they've
got new couches like the red guy I'm
just I don't know I'm not a fan of
fluffy couches I need I need something
firm
I need something firm under my bottom
edge the answers to okay that's not the
worst blanked out sumbitch sumbitch
mm-hmm
you have unwieldy red couches yeah you
know and like there some people like
that some people like to like melt into
their couch and I need a little I need I
need some support that's fine we're all
different people
Jack's Jack hates couches now I'm fine
with couches I do I think I prefer
chairs in general what you think we're
it's team couch team chair oh yeah I
don't hate all couches I just hate
overly soft couches son of a bitch back
I thought they looked great like they
looked fancy you like you like firm
leather couches I don't know if I could
ever do a leather couch
goodbye who died
baby Slayer baby Slayer was killed sorry
baby Slayer
yeah leather couches are weird
especially like if it's too hot you know
then they get warm and they like you
know you can't wear shorts on them will
stick to your skin yeah yeah
no mr. Schine smile I I have not had
time to try out the new tf2 update and I
believe that I am I'm officially not
playing tf2 again it's it's dead Jim
it's there's - it's gone too far like
I'm too far out of the loop I haven't
played it and so long they have so many
updates where I just can't it was I
can't get into it anymore and that's
that's really a shame because it was my
favorite game and I just started playing
other games what sucks about multiplayer
no no I like yes yes I got so yes yes
yes I had so much joy out of it there's
no way I can be I could ever be angry
with tf2 but you know I got I got over a
thousand hours of joy out of Team
Fortress 2 I can never be angry with it
it's just not you know it's just a
different game now and that's okay
because they were trying and sometimes
when they would update tf2 it would be
brilliant and sometimes she's not
something I think I can ever get into
again alright
three-on-two
it's I mean it's a big update I know
like the new map looks really great I'd
love to play the new map but I just
don't you know it started with man vs.
machine I could never I couldn't figure
out the man versus machine update the
the tower defense game basically and and
that's when I started to lose interest
and you know that's fine it's it's not
you TIFF to its mean exactly
love assault spam fucking love them they
change the you know there's new like
like weekly quests you go on and quests
you get like custom skins for your guns
or something I'd I don't understand I'm
out I'm out of tf2 I just don't
understand oh my got another support
like in in steam I have over 900 hours
in tf2 and that's not counting the
hundreds of hours I had on my xbox 360
before I before it came to a Mac before
tf2 was a Mac game so I I have enough
time and tf2 to just to be in love with
it forever but I'm just not gonna play
it ever again and I'm gonna be okay with
Blizzard is making a tf2 verve off and
I'm kind of excited about that a fresh
start fresh start new characters yeah
overwatch is as I believe the blizzard
tf2 ish game and you know it's basically
a team-based shooter where you know
different members of your team has
different abilities and it's it's
teamwork centric it's and I'm excited
about it I'm really excited about
overwatch
well you know I don't think anyone saw
like how any I don't think anyone beyond
valve saw how big dota 2 was gonna be
you know dota was just a game that the
people who worked at valve loved and so
they just like we're making dota 2 and
it's become like that kind of the MOBA
right has become the big game
that's the thing weapon skins I know
they're huge and for like for people
that play every day
well you said like for csgo people pay
money for weapon skins and that's that's
insane all right Jack what should
somebody have to do to be named after a
badass soldier this is a good that's a
good one yeah we need like a trivia
question a terrific question yeah a
trivia question okay so the first person
that types in with a pizza role stolen
I'm a stickler with a pizza roll of
course the first person with a pizza
roll that can name for me I'm trying to
think of like a like an easy enough okay
the the the state capitol of Wisconsin
what's the state capital of Wisconsin go
Oh bother
Madison Madison is the state capital of
Wisconsin oh I have the keyboard Oh
bother
boom there's the trivia question that
might be dumb but you know it's
something listen this isn't this isn't
everybody dies mission basically is it
yeah oh great I I know that wasn't a
great trivia question I just wanted to
think of something where it's like
anyone could look it up but if someone
just knew that offhand you know they
could type it in real quick so less less
as good a soldier one more I'm bringing
my 280 ain't people on this we're gonna
try and beat it I said I want that I
want that heavy good question oh my god
I can't think of anything it's hard it's
like it's I could think of a trivia
question no I can't think of anything
like a Star Trek trivia question my god
what is the real name of the vulture in
spider in in the comic books do you know
jack the vulture yeah oh
I hope you know it because I can't say
it out loud to let you know
I don't think I do know it well you
can't check the answers of okay yes okay
then what
oh I thought I need the sorry okay
adrian tomes people have tombs I think
and then whatever
will you accept last name only or does
it have to be the full Adrian a less
names fine thing otherwise I saw that
first toll on no no I'm gonna take full
name Oh name full name name Wow
then oh then it's mall rat coastal mall
rat oh okay yeah I found of the
supervillain name Trivium yeah yeah
great I'm alright go first
Heather mall radical yeah well mall rat
Cosette tomes but then a couple lines
downs you know said Adrian to himself
I'm risking the big guns
yeah you can do it rich or maybe not
I don't think I can God
III don't know what the thin men are
gonna be like I'm possible but I'm
fucking dreading this this is gonna be
nightmare fuel
well then while we wait wait with the
nightmare if you actually wait don't
begin assault yet
sergej ech or Exe leftover beefcake riot
crew hello Draco
humberto Cabbage Patch cute ology
Optimus no the butter zone v1 niche
threes nonso new camper 89 my turds
green L mattone 106 tired and sad M
Filipino M filippo Bruno thank you for
subscribing we really much appreciate it
it's true we really do hola we're gonna
we're gonna try a leftover beef cakes
new insert bookmark oh nice that works
out great great there we go
everything's great exciting this mission
which will be stained with my blood you
click the insert bookmark button and
there's like a little like blue load
bookmark say know where you left off
nice that's great thank you all for
subscribing we really do appreciate it
thank you again - leftover beef cake for
making us this wonderful chat watcher
how many cumulative months have they
been subscribed for a while many 48
years 48 years optimist now I like your
name up Optimus know-oh-oh also cute
ology I think I think I want I want to
study cute ology hey friendlies over
here yeah fuck off yep fuck off you yes
a robot is watching you a robot is
watching you in keeping track of how
many of you subscribe I'm so frightened
I am so frightened this mission has been
pissing my goddamn pants I'm very sorry
no you're not don't pretend you are I
know I like rich I'd like to see you
succeed in everything you do
Oh bother I'm not drinking anything
tonight just cuz I have to drive home
I'm because it's getting hot out I'm
returning to my old summertime favourite
of steagle Radler and gin over ice I
also did have a really great IPA over
the weekend this company makes an IPA
and I IPA and an III PA and the III IPA
is ten percent alcohol and that is too
much for a beer I don't remember I don't
remember what it was but it was good
I'll tell you what I'll try to find the
beer
speakeasy maybe it was speakeasy so what
are we talking about Josh what's going
on
uh-oh your hopes and dreams my hopes and
dreams right no that's exactly what we
were talking about what are we - I'm
trying to find I'm trying to find this
beer that I was drinking that's that's
the important thing for me because it
was a good beer it was like a triple IPA
it was great I don't remember but in any
case it was good beer I haven't been
drinking much lately because I've been
working trying to think of what else oh
um I finally finished season two of
agents of shield I haven't watched any
of that show the first season is so
bland that we almost didn't watch the
second but the second season is really
good they're finally getting into mutant
D superhero kind of stuff not mutants
because they can't call mutants but you
know the Inhumans and seems pretty yeah
pretty damn good pretty pretty excited
about this pretty excited about that I
also finished season two of arrow and
man is that show bad I don't know why I
keep watching it why do you keep
watching it that's what I've been trying
to figure out I think I think literally
it's just because it's the closest I'll
get to a Batman TV shows Gotham still
going on is that still a thing
I don't I have no idea it's not on
Netflix oh I don't know dear Lord they
have six health six that oh they're
tough enough as it is Oh everyone's
gonna die
everyone's gonna die yes okay
I've heard me really good things about
the flash but it's not on it's not on
streaming right now it's not a Netflix
oh I'm not gonna watch it but I keep
watching the arrow and it's terrible and
then like Deathstroke was in this season
and and just all the actors are awful
and the the dialogue is cheesy and the
writing is terrible and the effects
aren't that great and they've introduced
speedy be heroes sidekick it's terrible
it's all terrible the arrows a terrible
show but I keep watching it and I just
don't know why you're right Jen kill the
mods would have survived this nobody's
dead yet yeah but - dude did you use up
like all your grenades I used one and
ended up not even being worth it but
shit happens
shit happens like you know I do
classical classical ghost cinema I says
that I thought Jack like cheese and
dialogue it's all it's all about
presentation you know like a little bit
of cheese is all right but though the
way that this dialogue is cheesy is soap
opera where everyone is playing it very
straight and very very how do you
describe that kind of soap opera style
acting like over-the-top straight ham
ham ham and cheese it's all ham and
cheese you know but they're taking it a
little too seriously where they're not
having fun with it you know like cheesy
dialogue can be fun but but they're
treating it too seriously the ones upon
the tone of the work yeah it's all like
this is supposed to be taken as
legitimate and it's just too cheesy
I think I would like to flash I'm
looking forward I'm hoping because the
arrow is on Netflix eventually the flash
I'll come to Netflix i Barry Allen was
on a couple episodes of the arrow and so
there is some interconnectivity which is
better Green Arrow or Supergirl the
movie you know the answer to that tired
and sad its Supergirl the movie I mean
also it just would have been because the
the arrow sucks as a TV show every
single actor is awful except for if
anyone has seen the arrow this is only
for the people who's seen the arrow
arrow Laurel and the canaries dad he's
playing it right he's got a little bit
of he's like what do you call that a
chewing the scenery like he's playing it
correctly hamming it up a little bit
being a little overdramatic but he seems
to be having fun with the dialogue the
cop dad is great on the arrow and
everyone else is too is too dramatic Oh
bother there hasn't been a boxing glove
arrow yet and I agree like the arrow in
general sucks as a hero he's a low-rent
Batman he's Batman with a bow and arrow
button that's what we got
that's a weird question grade 9 band
where I don't know if I want to answer
that but I'm going to yes i watch
youtube videos what that was the
question is jack do you watch youtube
videos you're watching new to videos no
YouTube oh yes i watch youtube videos
that's not fun yeah that's a weird
question
oh shit no I mean I think I think Bruce
Wayne has more money than the arrow
summons shit double triple quadruple
shit
Oh what's what's that what's shit she
moved another another thing when she
moved to the tile I didn't want her to
move into oh I wonder if it's the same
one
can that happen at like can can they
like just choose not to move or ear you
clicked wrong have you sleep okay stop
clicking wrong maybe if you stop
clicking on it nothin you know what
Krieger I don't like apples I don't like
many fruits I don't like eating fruit I
don't know what it was I never got it I
never got fruit maybe maybe a cantaloupe
maybe cantaloupe everyone some on
pineapple pineapple I'm okay with
I'm okay with banana I'm okay with
bananas like bananas are are whoa but
bananas are not offensive enough we're
like they're not really fruity and
they're full of good stuff for me so I
eat bananas I like bananas with my
oatmeal quick tip get yourself some
oatmeal scoop of peanut butter in the oh
god there's four of them up there oh my
god
and I cut up a banana into your peanut
butter oatmeal it's great yeah shut up
Bradford I know what I'm doing I think
I've met why do you know the guys and
call me lightning I think I've met the
guys and call me lightning I don't know
them I enjoy their work I don't know
what that is tell me lightning is a
Milwaukee band I don't even know if
they're still making music I I think
I've met them once or twice but uh I
haven't one of their albums it's great
where are they
how much oatmeal like ignore like a
serving of oatmeal like I do you know
like a one serving of oatmeal I don't
know what I don't know what that is a
cup or whatnot then like a like a just a
spoonful of peanut butter put your hot
water in and then your peanut butter get
all melty and just kind of turn it into
this like peanut buttery oatmeal mush
cut up some bananas in it is fucking
great time for some salt super actions
fucking great running right into the
thick of things here ah fuck I think I
hate impossible this is stressful human
no human health been up for a while I
thought hasn't happened sorry weird I'm
not paying attention it's it's fine he's
fine everything's fine
oh let me look into this do they have it
just call me Lightning have a new album
out yeah what'd you just do Oh
everyone's dead and it and it did not
play
now human hell was released in February
that's a great album though human hell
bye call me Lightning if you if you
enjoy the rock music get yourself some
some human help I call me lightning
they're great Milwaukee band
oh is that true that'd be weird Titan
sad says Jack what do you think about
Joss Whedon's comments that agents of
shield and the Marvel Cinematic Universe
aren't completely separate universes so
in the film world Agent Coulson is still
dead
you know that'd be a shame it'd be it'd
be very strange because they talk about
what happens in the movies in the show
yeah that's what that's exactly what it
sounds like but like Joss Whedon is an
executive producer on the show and I
want to say like his brother writes for
the show Jed Jed Whedon yeah I could see
him feeling that way because you know
like he killed off Coulson you know that
was a big deal for him so then all of a
sudden like the TV show being like yeah
it calls him to pretty cut popular
character we should prank keep him
around
rich did this right it went away from
his face thank you dr. J oh no one shit
just got real bad
oh no like how Bad's real bad um
probably going to abandon ship oh my
oh my
you know what the Marvel Universe does
need to cool down I think the TV shows
might have been an overreach everyone's
jammed
everyone soon you know lost that nice
soldier there's older you came together
yeah not when I came again but the one I
have read the first trivia question the
name Oh No
now you'll reach
that's the thing too much new key too
too much new key says does anyone else
find it interesting that comic book
movies are beginning to fall into the
same problems comics have like
character's death becoming
inconsequential and spin-offs being too
common that's this is exactly the thing
they are trying to emulate comics and
they shared cinematic universe but then
they also want that cinematic universe
to reach into TV shows and I think as a
Marvel fan I'm fine with it and like I
said this second season of agents of
shield
I thought has been really good they're
finally getting into super-powered
people and you know humans trying to
police super-powered people is an
interesting dynamic that I feel it's the
Inhumans because they can't have mutants
but I'm gonna be on so I'm gonna be okay
with that
but but I like it I like the second
season of shield there and and they're
finally doing fucking spy stuff I feel
like the first season of shield later
they didn't spy on anything and now
they're sneaking into buildings they're
getting into kung-fu fights to deal with
aliens and super people's great
everybody dead
we're gonna all be words is we're gonna
see what happens I think it's later this
month right and man then ant-man we're
gonna see if the universe can handle an
unknown character being held by an
unknown director starring a relatively
you know unknown actor Paul Rudd of
Court you know is well-known but you
know relatively unknown he ain't no key
no Tom Cruise he ain't no I suppose like
even even uh what's his face Jurassic
world
Chris Pratt you know was on a TV show he
was known he was known all over how do
we get out of this I have no idea oh
yeah they're predicting ant-man is gonna
open big box office numbers are
predicting big weekend for him in just
because the Marvel name
fuck shit fuck and shit hmm
thanks safe here that's right ah Paul
Rudd from clueless and Halloween the
curse of Michael Myers
was when when Chris Pratt was in
guardians he was on a very popular TV
show all or nothing do it rich do it oh
she can't even see him oh nothing
maybe I'll get her overwatch so no I
think Chris Pratt was a bigger name
because he was on the TV show Paula is
not on the TV show right now
he he's played supporting roles in
movies has he ever even starred in a
movie Paul Rudd go ask your mom if she
knows who Paul Rudd is dancers will
probably be now alright
but if you say Andy from Parks and Rec
everyone knows what does oh man I don't
what I'm assuming that's Chris Pratt
that's Chris Pratt I don't know who Andy
from Parks and Rec is know that you know
I'm saying most people most people with
it's a very popular show very popular TV
show Paul Rudd has been in many popular
movies as support as supporting
characters not as the lead Paul Rudd has
been in a zillion movies but I'm
40-something yeah he was in 40 something
romantic comedies of role models they
came together that's not I mean that
doesn't count
it's a David Wain movie 12 people saw
that including me and Jay
how many how many people are left - - do
you have the super guy who you came to
get is he dead
well I'll get him that for the mission
oh you have to continue the mission okay
yeah yeah no Paul Rudd was not the lead
in anchorman 1 or 2 he was a supporting
character in anchorman potato potato
yeah no I know my god this is I'm saying
I'm trying to quantum trying to quantify
my reasons for calling Chris Pratt a
bigger name Chris Pratt was heavily
featured in a popular TV show at the
time of the release of the movie you
know also your name doesn't work
charming after he's likable he's
instantly likable Paul Rudd is instantly
likable Paul Rudd slightly you you get
out of town everyone wants to hug a kiss
ball run relative to Chris Pratt - two
of them are in the same location you
only have time to meet one I would go
Paul Rudd chat chat back me up on this
Chris Pratt and Paul Rudd Arena are in a
bar on opposite ends of a bar and
they're both about to leave so you only
have time to shake hands with one of
them and tell them you love them who do
you go with Chris problem you get out of
here over Rudd yes you're crazy you're
crazy man Thank You Chad chats with me
so far
Pratt wit mall mall rat goes with you
mr. Chad smiles with you oh no you're
good you're getting subscriber love
moderator love there's a you know
it's actually pretty evenly split here
pretty evenly split over the the red
Pratt situation it's Paul Rudd every
time I would just want to shake his
hands and be like like tell me tell me
about what how to American summer first
day of camp all right there will be
death probably probably Mike all right
good good
no all right you are going to get
poisoned but if he dies it's worth it
sure better die no you didn't die Oh
what does that mean that means dead
everyone dies everyone does no maybe
maybe it might actually might good night
oh good rookies got to make a it's a
shot she's gonna die
oh she panicked everyone's done
everyone's gonna die oh god like it's
inevitable Oh God
I need to get lucky I did not Oh God Oh
let's play another game no you don't
want thanks come the more you know I owe
up let's go we can't help you there
we can't help it I have other games
installed at the relationship taking a
break ok we can take a break
what's the chant have to save all this
turn of events there there was a
strawpoll here can I have the mouse yep
there's a strawpoll I'm willing I was
gonna make that mission no over the
Chris Pratt Paul Rudd situation I don't
give a shit about that I do I'm going to
run you wouldn't vote for Internet
legend rich Evans oh my god Internet so
so in a contest thank you John and John
kilos contest Paul Rudd Chris Pratt or
internet legend of rich Evans rich Evans
wins handily thank you thank you John
Kehoe you know we could do what okay
well we're gonna take a break and we'll
come back and we'll play I think we're
gonna play a different game
I have a game here that I think rich
might really enjoy it's a new game okay
it's an it's a new game so we're gonna
listen I'm gonna fix your back to the
game it's called it's called i'ma fix
your back let me step on your back i'ma
take away your sciatica cuz I haven't
been able to sit down two and a half
weeks and I'm really getting frustrated
that's exactly what it's called how did
you know I got it on Steam sale

[Part II]
ah okay
where's he's gonna take a little break
long for the sweet release of death but
the the break of sweet really sit down
we're back now I'm gonna play the
nightmare cooperative because I think I
think it's like I thought it was a
grid-based movement thing use the arrow
keys to move but I am the controller
plugged in okay there might be a menu
option to switch it over sure bumping
into a monster will hurt them but also
hurt you I hope that didn't work right
first well done the stairs will take you
to the next stages now going back be
aware of your health you can see your
current status to the right move towards
the monster won't and well get to the
point potion potion instead you've
gained the ability press spacebar to use
it pushing great
if you see a friend bumped to recruit
them into the co-operative chess
contained goal but we'll also spawn more
monsters so bump that doesn't look like
a monster how it turned into one
oh and so then like we said they move
when you both yeah kind of thing oh she
used a space worm he had a potion oh
well this is why I'm not very good
yeah track what happened I don't have to
like click on him first I don't know now
I can spacebar changes Oh
the potion gives us both okay I had to
be next to
huh
okay great very interesting weird very
weird and don't think that's a good idea
what that hasn't no no I'm not planning
on going to the acid OH
anyway Oh Mike and he's kind of work do
it what happens it wasn't very helpful
was it yeah that's fine yeah are you
gonna work back where you were and go to
the stairs do you have to go all the
monsters I think you have to kill all
the monsters give these treasure chests
what if you can't get them I want to
kill this monster then yeah I can do
this you're crazy man how look at you've
done oh my god I got some treasure
though yeah oh okay they went into the
acid I'm gonna try to go am I trying to
go to these stairs that's a good idea
how much was this it looks kind of
interesting I got it on Steam sale I
like I got it very I got it for very
cheap this is one of my Steam sale
pickups yeah and so then every time you
move all the monsters move okay so wait
on the air guy
I already got it then the monsters don't
attack sleeping friends and it looks
like the monsters move in a predictable
pattern what's the pattern like look
like this monster only goes back and
forth okay
so if I just keep doing this watch out
for those pink things I'm assuming being
in that beam of light purple light is
not a good thing
probably not
while this heart potion is down there
too seems dangerous seems too dangerous
I'm getting out of here oh wait no might
have a teleporting guy yep you should
have shot the Carol thing you had an
option to my god that was quick wow that
was really quick I'm testing the waters
here I know I'm still amused at how many
guys I lost yeah just testing the old
waters just teeth oh you know have
vampire teeth oh and enough potions to
choke a horse was like playing the bard
and crypt of the necrodancer yeah
it's gonna invite more monsters to the
party
oops nope Oh oh well I'm waiting you
know I'm timing it with the boxes I
don't get hit by the boxes well seems
neat yeah I am kind of digging Oh
diagonal Oh major tax diagonally at
distance only council members to join
the old-fashioned oh oh
you got trick these guys into that going
into the acid nope go into the other
soon firmly random to me the other ones
weren't how do I get rid of those spy
keys now he'll heal themself maybe you
don't get rid of spy keys
and warrior hits monsters twice fights
instinctively overcoming reservations
about the ways another castle okay I
don't need I don't need this backstory
of course you don't all the snails only
move every other turn I need some hearts
no need some not dead I need some not
bad let's see this seemed yes as soon as
I heard about it I was like you know Who
am I like this that rich Evans Oh
reflect oh I won't burn what we do it's
just this is the first level yeah I
guess it's random then Oh might be you
know what it just might be it just might
be random
nice
noise
you can grab my phone so I can read the
jet riches move to the couch so by the
chat I'm doing my contortionist
impression right now yeah how do I do
homie
okay hey this this isn't even Wednesday
by the way yes I've been to Canada I
have some family again I'm sorry
leftover beefcake I know you were hoping
this would be a police quest 2 i thought
this more like i thought this was gonna
be a little more like an ex-con or like
a invisible ink where you had to like
choose your movement grid style but i
get it i get what's going on here
Jackie did better than I did
oh yeah well that was pure it was pure
dumb luck rich pure dumb luck oh yeah so
characters and and it's so it is a
procedurally generated
I don't give it a chance yeah yeah we're
giving OU my god you can pick up enemies
and throw them oh I'm terrible of this
that's all right that's all right I
think you think it through
think it through we're giving it a
chance the music's a little weird I'll
try I feel about the music yeah I
haven't played massive jealous what is
massive chalice it's a double flying
game isn't massive chalice I believe it
is I don't exactly know but what is
massive chalice doohickey Oh God
kid I had a dear rich
Oh God Richard dear ninjas dang
oh shit there's a monster up there don't
kill you ninja massive chalice is sort
of XCOM fine sort of that's the quit
massive chalice is XCOM combat plus a
family lineage in mechanic's know in
place of base management mmm interesting
yeah by the way yes the Rising Sun I am
also getting a big iPhone game vibe off
of this game this this could easily be
an iPhone game you know swipe a
direction over again how do you dye an
acid oh my god how do you what how do I
get past there without bumping into
something I don't know that could be the
the do you not if you press replay you
don't go back to the start like it okay
it's medieval horn
yeah this is like this guy I could see
this I almost wish this was on my iPhone
I could see playing this like on my iPad
swiping to move characters Oh God oh you
dick you dick monster Steve Jackson's
sorcery is that an iPhone game you saw a
video of rich five minutes ago
discussing Star Wars prequels and he was
like four years old I don't think you
have your timeline correct
ooh a staff thingy
if you move it
the guy and the white can hit diagonally
oh he can hit diagonally the guy in the
white isn't that the cleric I don't know
what is he doing
what's his superpower
he's my heels oh okay oh I thought I
thought he was oh you know what this is
the guy in the white who has the cross
can hit diagonally
future Jack fucking with the timeline
some more exactly how are you talking
about what is that other video with you
talking about Star Wars people talk
about Star Wars it's something like that
yeah yeah I've just I've seen that I
didn't actually see that all I've seen
is like the thumbnail and yeah it's
weird
rich looked different when he was
younger an old man then it's kind of
it's almost like when people age they
look a little different oh I so miss not
having problems like when you were
younger yes
yeah it's kind of like necrodancer with
these it's like necrodancer without the
animation or music or fun yeah it's
interesting it's you know it's uh you
know I want to say I want to say I got
this on a steam sale for like under two
bucks so I'm gonna be ok with that
purchase right like where the the the
thing is glowing I don't I don't even
know how I knew that this works play
necrodancer right
it's entry like I could see where they
were going with this I don't know if it
quite works but you know also we've only
been playing for 20 minutes so we don't
know the mad strats yet for the
nightmare cooperative gotta get them mad
strats nice gold shreds what happened to
the other guy they can kill him while
they're sleeping oh no you got a good
one I think
no okay
for this hmm about ready to switch back
over Tex come do you
so what Oh to me yeah once here once
you're ready I'll give it another chance
I'm sorry doohickey I know this might be
kind of boring to watch the music is
boring as shit I'll tell you how they
won I don't think we're gonna be doing
this all night no we're gonna give it
you know what we're gonna try to give
this a fair shake see if we can figure
it out
hi maybe he's the diagonal guy yeah he's
the diagonal guy he's the diagonal
hitting man lovely planet was insane
dong Ali I have lovely planet if we want
to mess with riches perception of
reality I don't know
lovely planet is an insane first-person
shooter
it's like a first person shooter
platformer where you have to make it
through every level without getting hit
once but it's all like cutesy animations
and like you shoot hearts out of a bow
and arrow looking gun it's it's weird
it's very strange it's a very very
strange lovely planet Lonely Planet I
forget that it made me it broke my brain
a little bit so you might you might I
don't know you know rich needs a mouse
to play a first-person shooter I do and
we're not necessarily set up for a good
Mouse gameplay right now not necessarily
you mean not at all yeah you have to
shoot squares but then there's also like
friendly squares with like happy faces
that you can't you it's insane
oh shit
yeah I think this is like right now
what's happening like this what looks
interesting where you know you kind of
have to plan out your next move and you
get time to to figure things out a
little turn base is nice
oh here you get into the ice level I got
to the ice levels you're doing it rich
you're doing it rich have you ever
played dead space no no i know the
robostir oh boy
this game is interesting interesting is
not necessarily positive or negative it
is just a feeling and if this game is
that doesn't mean it's good or bad or
anything
rich is losing it yes rich is losing it
a little bit
this game is hurting rich I know I know
it's not the game the game I think is
not helping the situation following one
nice nice rich
so what else were you guys playing
before this we average was playing some
ex-con before this and lost
spectacularly so it's time to play
something new something new it's I think
it's fun every once in a while I play
something new that's it okay you know we
try rich made it farther than I did it
took you one turn well you know that was
a lot of dumb luck that was a lot of
dumb luck now I kind of have a kind of
know what I'm doing
so Genesis sounds as horrible as I
thought it would be yes yes it does
yes yes it does what do you bother
trying to kill the monsters Jack Ryan
and I just should go for the careful
oh damn it I lost one already
how about that Batman I hear he's a dark
knight or something here he's a tank
expert shotgun specialist get out of
here
Goomba so can the wizard not attack
unless his diagonal the wizard could
well you know he can do a straight-up
tack but then he loses a heart diagonal
he can strike without action without
losing anything
you don't get it
not tonight I'm worried this is gonna be
the rest of my damn life that's what I
worry about no it won't be the rescue
down dad definitely not the rest of your
life you know it's most likely it's
going to be tricky recovery is that you
know it might take some doing as far as
recovery is concerned but definitely not
the rest of your life there how do I
know this I don't yeah yeah making wild
guesses and accusations but people o
people have gotten better from worse I
think I see a doctor in two days and
he'll tell me you're fucked no no you
definitely once I've had
he won't say you're fucked I'll be like
these are the things you need to do this
is about how long I think you're gonna
say now here's some drugs booty to to to
to to to drugs to to to a while to drugs
check okay well then I don't know party
over here drugs buddy over there drugs
the last thing I need to be as dr. house
jug's drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs
drugs drugs I don't like these guys oh
they go they kind of follow me well
let's go up yeah nice stuck okay I'm
feeling it want that Archer back
damnit let's take out the edge a nope
and all day
I find that make it he's good he's gonna
say you need to come back in a week for
tests that's what he's gonna say the
doctor yeah
and then those tests are gonna be
inconclusive I say well you need to do
more tests no he might do some tests he
might draw some blood he might he might
want like cats again you know what if he
suggests like a he's like oh here's like
a massage therapist and they're gonna
what they're gonna do is hit your back
with hammers but then you know might
hurt but it'll feel good it works I
don't give a shit like I did my back
with hammers as long as it works it
already feels like I'm being hit with
hammers right it's actually feels like
I'm being stabbed I'll take the hammers
yeah it might be just one of those
things where we had some crazy ideas
it's gonna be everything I already know
it is lose weight they start doing these
exercises yeah stretch and you'll have
to do with this once every six months
no like I think that's the thing is like
once once you can get this cleared up
then you know continue with the
stretching and the weight lossing that
would be marvelous news and then you
know like it could it could just be a
thing that goes away when that'd be
great
almost last year what I had this last
year right
it's my plan yeah my plan is to get
everyone out actually seems like a good
plan how did you get to those ones that
are kind of like buried in the wall I
don't think you can I think that's just
like procedural generation you know like
oh my god I kicked the mic
okay well took a hit but that's fine
right yeah you just think that's like
the the the problem with procedural
generation sometimes that happens or
maybe one of your characters can move
bricks I don't know I don't know I don't
shit about shit
haha alright we have full potion we got
full hearts I'm feeling I'm feeling like
I'm understand in this game I don't know
if I'm ever gonna play it again but feel
the exact same way
I got that crown though I got that crown
though
what oh oh I still have a dude down
there
everything's fine can you guys stop
playing this right now please
this makes reading more interesting haha
first of all reading is very interesting
and you should not be so harsh on
reading secondly you know this is just
what we're playing right now I'm sorry
that you find it boring but we try to
play new games on the show you know we
can't it can't all be ex comes and FTL's
and Binding of Isaac's no matter how
much rich and I want that because we it
would be it would be 100%
XCOM FTL binding of issac alright now
we're getting into some strategy we got
four people in motion in their first
wizard in the exit yeah buzz totally
doable yeah but I want to get that
wizard I want to see if I can get that
wizard to the heart and I can with
I have to do that there's a calculated
risk right twice right up twice then you
get the warrior woman in got greedy yeah
I got greedy it worked out well
Oh slippery levels crap whatever it's
gonna it's gonna have to be fine no I
got to it's not fine I got to out oh
look and there they are waiting for me
so I guess it worked out and
everything's coming up millhouse it's
coming up something
here we go
this is interesting guys this is this is
a very different kind of game I'm not
sure if I'm gonna call it good but it
has my attention at least it definitely
has my attention all really all I am
trying to do now is like not hit
treasures you know yeah and I don't know
if that's a good thing or not I have no
idea I don't know what any of these
things do but I can tell you this only
specific characters can get specific
pick up items really yeah like the
archer was not able to pick up that blue
thing that would explain why I had
trouble picking up the pendant thing and
the blue thing with the wizard mm-hmm
shit shit
shit oh shit
I think you should destroy that ice
thing I was you know there's too many of
us in there that I was maneuvering I
didn't know the ice thing did that okay
get out of here get out of here
shit oh my god that thing's huge luckily
I had my warrior she's good at killing
things change she is good at the count
things she's so good at killing things
we needed to kill that you know that run
away no I have two potions it's fine in
fact I kind of want to be trapped here
oh I did well I don't want to go up to
you shit I wasn't knock you back you
just fuck temple
pretty no there we go pretty fucked but
over there are no more monsters whatever
we're gonna be fine with that or not
shit shit soo-ji for the chest huh see
what'd you get for the chest
up down Oh we're still okay man oh I'm
out of a lot of magic goop
oh did I get people huh
yeah you got to Mon you got a wizard an
archer oh well there we go there's a
noble effort this is the farthest we've
made it we're out of the ice levels oh
my god when does something that looks
just like the earlier levels
yeah well that guy's dead Oh what what
teleporter what what those guys
obviously switch your places I noticed
that about those guys stop it stop it
all right now we can stop playing this
great I feel I feel good about that one
I don't know what any of that did there
does I unlocked something so that's
great you made it to tech world one
there you go
I mean something it was yeah it was just
the next level nothing that was nothing
alright well that was that that was that
what else we got what else we got yeah
that's makeup stream too early I go at
least what's I don't know it's ten
o'clock oh yeah they would feel are you
okay okay well let's let's find another
game to play yeah because yeah I can't
play anymore that I I would love that on
my iphone that would be a great bathroom
time killer that would be a great
bathroom time killer so let's um let's
exit see what else I have here let's see
what I have um deck on tap oh that's
right this is your computer
this is my computer everything is
different all different all amazing it's
all different all amazing all new

[Part III]
play it you guys probably want to see
what's happening oh yeah that would be
nice I think I think you guys would want
to see what's happening here get in
there and boom sorry about that everyone
sorry about that they go sear oh fuck
sorry that was my god keyboard fell off
my lap everything's terrible good ok
jack is prohibited from picking future
games listen this I had it downloaded
already I probably wouldn't pick this
myself we shall might have had
downloaded you know we're very sorry
we're very sorry if you're not into it
but this is what we're plan plan to fail
what's wrong we had a favor really like
Santa Fe it's okay
we don't have Skyrim so we can't play
Skyrim and it's like if we play if we
wanted to play Skyrim it would have
taken all night to download Kevin yeah
hand of fate is comfy we've been in a
Batman mood so it's like wanna place a
man to fade if you're playing Batman you
know it's telling that Arkham Knight
would leave you in the mood for more
Batman because they're so very little of
the Arkham gameplay in there boom sick
burn lava golem lava golem but you chose
this over murder miners yeah again we're
waiting for rich to fit feel a little
bit better before because I think he
would really like murder miners to your
eye like this on a while yep can't you
can't block the rivers right right yeah
red ones you just have to go a lot
Oh God yeah rich you might want to go
back system of the earlier stuff like
just do an Endless mode just so you can
start easier nice color be or why in
this countr Y B is Dodrill okay dung ali
says i'm replaying arkham city all over
again on the hardest difficulty just for
the fries fight yeah yeah I have arkham
city 2 i'm excited to play it i think
i'm gonna try to finish asylum first
though freeze fight makes that game
worth everything yeah it's good to begin
with bye mija mana that is such a great
segment yeah I'm really uh I'm really
I'm really in a Batman II kind of combat
mood that's the other thing like I could
have just picked Batman to play again
but then of course the stream would have
crashed and we would have lost power in
the building because that's what happens
when you try to play Batman
ok that's ok dak into Bay it's okay if
you are judgmental over our decisions
and that's fine you have a right to be
judgment not a lot of fans of hands of
fate huh oh no no it's just this deck in
back is that is the one who is a SAS
talking us about how to fit everyone
else is fine hey everyone else is fine
I've got a skull shadow of Mordor is
like an arkham game with murder yeah
that's what they're saying is it that
like do you get this kind of combat is
that off nor the race thing yeah yeah
shadow more doors water wings game the
universe yeah yeah I'm not a fan of that
kind of ultra generic fantasy sure the
the elves dungeon dragon dungeons
dragons fantasy yeah I'm with you I'm
with you
I've got the guardian oh and rich
they're saying shadow of mordor has
Markham combat a little extra dad might
make me want to give it a shot now that
I have figured out our combatant to do
and you guys know how long it took me to
get to figure out Arkham combat shadow
of Mordor was originally a batman games
hmm look into it we will look into it
finally after the undead into true love
death more lizard men than you usually
seen together
richwood the gameplay because enough
together today well let if it's Cena we
we enjoy we enjoy our come come bat huge
success sweet nice six Lizard Men
it's fine you know what guys I'm gonna
look into that shadow of mordor I'm
gonna look into that streaming is going
to be a little weird for the next in a
week or so while Rich's back is fixed
hope it's hope it's just I can't take I
just want to sit the fuck down okay I'm
not even asking for mush I right sip my
dream of life is just like but use my
chair yeah and so will be will be
streaming a lot my plan is to stream a
lot from like the wii u and ps4 into my
laptop because that's easier to bring in
today i had to bring in the big computer
because of x comma so it is change
shadow of mordor is shadow mortar on ps4
or is that a PCM
I don't want to stream through the ps4
as I really hate that I hate that little
like record now
and
how it is on the ps4 great thank you the
master it's on everything yeah i'll pick
i'll see if i can pick up a copy i'll
see if i can pick up a copy and we can
do that maybe next week
ooh and exclusive ps4 DLC well then I'm
so hopeful because the last time I got
exclusive ps4 DLC that went over so well
fuckers yeah you fuckers welcome to the
modern business a game in town
bottom gaming where everything is costs
extra everything cousin Larry goes
looking for we say extras we met costs
extra so in the game I press a couple
buttons to fight bad guys but if you
wanted to pay fifty cents more you can
use the shoulder buttons yeah but every
time you use them and cost you a penny
but it's just a penny a press micro
microtransactions yes we did talk about
how horrible the Arkham Knight dlc was
in our review in fact we don't get to
the actual game until about ten minutes
into the review the first 10 minutes is
all about the broken pc version in the
dlc I'm sorry oh yeah
right plague of grapes why play shadow
of mordor when you could purchase $52
phone games off of steams that you won't
enjoy yes I'm with food try to play new
things and sometimes the little games
work and sometimes it don't berrima
knife oh i have dlc quest i think i have
dlc quest ya know there's a bunch of
little games that i want to play
terrible things living caves are you
shoe I did not like the 30 you know what
the 30 minutes of Harley Quinn dlc was
there are some cute things about that
that's a if that was it like it'd be
fine but then the 10 minutes of Red Hood
DLC three stages of Red Hood that's
unacceptable as far as I'm concerned it
has been too long on exit not double I
want to know what lies beyond that door
yet I will not go easily
oh the dealer that is one of my forgot
how great he is
ah the dealer are you returning it are
you keeping it you lose a lot use half
half your health that shields pretty
great though yeah yeah
naw Kham I'll so wait to go into
inventory it is probably yeah yeah
probably
so said the deal see for this game you
know what I think it does i didn't buy
it but i think i think i might have it
might have glitched back when you choose
your cards is where the dlc comes into
play like there's like there's another
deck of car you know like here is the
encounter deck and the equipment deck
and there's another deck and that's what
the dlc was for this game get over here
yep oh you do have them equipped you
have both the sword in the show oh oh my
god press the left bumper whatever that
says try not to die which come I that
did oh he's every time he hits he takes
your food and your gold
oh Jesus I was terrible the DLC wasn't
free in this game it was like five bucks
I doubt you bleached it or is there more
DLC
oh you get a blessing card if you return
it that's nice any of these mass things
are too good for the likes of you at man
well that's okay that just takes
abandoning sacrifices can be men but
that's for not runs true ties down I
wish I knew Jack cult leader standing
before an agent alter the romance a
blood sacrifice from you now refuse you
don't have the blood to give you only
have 20 oh yeah yeah
hi yeah okay there's one free DLC and
one that's five dollars for the game so
I got the free DLC any of them available
on GOG is the question does do do not do
DLC I heard they weren't doing it just
for this game they weren't they weren't
doing it okay another change their minds
of computers
Oh
I hate though that's the part of them i
hit the most as those lines on the floor
then I let you down to one health if you
get hit like it takes your food and go
he'll see that no that was like it was a
ring you have on I think oh it's a nice
ring King's room
just makes you lose all your food and
gold well brother dying that's true
Tiberius Kirk you never did get my
thoughts on the heat death of the
universe I I just don't care about I
don't care it will not affect me nor my
children or my grandchildren nor my
great-grandchildren so I just don't care
there are more important things for me
to worry about right now are there jack
yeah other really yes at this very
moment I need to pick up a copy of the
shadow of mordor for example in the
grand scheme of things what is more
important than the heat death of the
universe well that's the thing though
like you can't be concerned with the
grand scheme of things you got to be
worried day-to-day shit yeah then you
come make a couple five years shit that
you worry about but he can't be worried
about the grand grand scheme of things
off steam bad was a lot of health yeah a
lot of permanent help a lot of muscles
that's good rumi actually ask themselves
I was something else Gemma for the truth
hunting for the truth founder of truth
that would be so easy Oh dong le that
would be great feeds you imagine a
larger FTL experience like controlling
an entire fleet with different classes
of ships what does that idea it's just
what he won't i refuse to plane such
that would be great wouldn't have a
personal touch of ordering a cruel and
you will that's your tough fee also it
sounds like you should play Master of
Orion hahaha play Master of Orion to I
think that sounds like what you're
looking forward to some degree mm-hmm no
I can't believe you any food
I need all my food desert off the jab if
I got a whole but it I'm garish it I'll
give no fucks fuck it fuck it no
language him says he's making that game
right now we'll hurry the fuck up Oh
double failure double failure you need
more food I think my love is hot your
love is lovely you don't get no gold I
know you have to sell some shit yeah
shit house shit fucking happens yeah
that's true rich shit fucking happy all
yo y'all sure it happens y'all it
happens all the gosh dang time she
promised all your shield fucking joke
yes of course that's a ticket
you know what most likely but I I know
that song needs to go up on YouTube and
Jay and I will do something we'll make
some sort of video for that song will
make it available for downloads and the
videos and whatnot but we're we were
busy we're busy with other stuff we will
do something with our lovers in love as
a standalone song and and a youtube
music video of some sort I expect this
will come as a welcome surprise food
wagon
oh man rich stealer of food yeah like
Jess stealer of food well yeah that's
what we're busy with of a busy with
space cop stuff a lot of effects a lot
of effects in space cup
nice yeah maiden that's a lucky draw
a horse is a fine companion I'm sure
you'll leave this one in time you do not
seem to have the temperament your
friends even in the animal there is it i
mean cinnamon there might be more people
than me and rich tomorrow for nintendo
games there might not be just one of
those things we make no guarantees we'll
put it out there see if anyone else
wants to play some Nintendo games
o gold game that's helpful nice
I'm sure you agree nice not in shop
yes lots and lots of effects in space
count you'll see some of them eventually
there are some effects that Jay has
cleared me to stream my after effects
work on the gods look and as we get you
know closer and closer to the finish
line I'll just need to work on it more
and more so later on i'll be streaming
my after effects in of space cow so it
gets sunny previews exclusive sneak
previews in you know second and a half
bytes of space got a little damage
unless you can find more food of what oh
the land lock lover
sorry this is a DLC card based on that
funky ass token good day hey not talking
hey nice yeah you'll get some sneak
previews they won't be very exciting
sneak previews but I cannot break the
rules in your favor any more than in my
own
you know what Len flat black izinski
I've never I still have not seen the
wolf of Wall Street did you see the
little was good yeah I'm sure it's good
Marty Scorsese leo dekap Karen wanted to
see it I didn't want to because I know
like Leonardo DiCaprio oh yeah she was
she was totally right no no I'm sure I
would enjoy it but you know never got
around to it parently
King employers or so that's all new to
me know what's down jack never fought
the king of play no I Oh keep fighting
just keep fighting
yes oh fuck off god I'd be so fucked
without that ring yeah
life
shut up dealer just died oh my god can
you do it oh my god eight gold left our
hitch no food no food oh fuck Jesus
selling food
you have food you don't need to steal
food and it more
is space cop going the way of our LMS
chinese democracy that's very funny ah
no the the answer is no
oh I want go away oh well noble traitor
pingdom ba-ba-ba-ba-bom well great I'm
very letter guys I'm glad I'm glad you
got your chuckle out my built palaces a
convoluted maze that few will ever reach
the end all we can be one of them
jae-won said he spent six hours 43
seconds of a space cop special effect
yeah it takes a while it takes a fucking
while for special effects oh oh that was
convenient that's really convenient hey
what do you get for that again nice
woman yeah Battlehammer nice this is you
fuck yeah oh how you can see him Toria
the other button select not start I
guess got to be out of the screen ok
yeah the other buttons that's already
already loaded up oh they knew they knew
you want that fucking hammer how
unpleasant how unpleasant what must an
exhibition Oh press on fuck it man you
got that hammer nothing matters anymore
you are my gosh fuck no no it ends yeah
what they're just rich rich is losing it
I am yeah
we already looked better than Axl Rose
settle down John kilo
hey don't know space captain's is going
fine I'm sure just you know small crew
small team a lot of work high hopes for
the space cops the cops in space
haha
loved it loved it nicely done nicely
done
hey aria damn our livings day your third
law from undead enemies is reflected
back against them thankfully there exist
many tools there if you can find them
yeah that's friggin Bongo Doug I think
Jay did say that he was going to make
VHS caucus is basically if I hope he
does injury ah ooh lightning crash
that's a nice one I know do you guys
hear how crippled rich Evans's play
through the pain he's gonna do it
oh my god I'll take it not you fight him
off he runs away yeah oh I hate these
oh just people are talking about the
exclusive space cop VHS is that Jay will
probably make Oh probably look for
something
nice
ah
Nick probably fast enough to run through
all that shit that's Tom oh nice I got
Tom blessings yeah that's great flow of
40 gold too nice I think the ring of
reward gives you like you pick to you
know pick two cards instead of one and
choose one I want that one
traveling he'll are nice and all the
gold to heal up you're gonna do a rich
yeah yeah so you say the biggest enemy
is my pack I'm sure you are grateful for
that worked out perfectly
haha space cops screenplay you assume
they wrote anything down come get it
shits get I'm so the end but there is
there it is rich yeah yeah it's perfect
timing by the way to fully heal I should
have sold all my editor shit oh well I
mean there's no way you could have known
yeah yeah ah fuck you you leg of evil
oh no oh no all right bad start get it
back remember you have your lightning
blowback thing so head first this sucks
you know fuck
Oh
doing it
no George
look
nice
let's get some breathing room yeah
this
oh nice hope
so nice
they not dying to the cables me haven't
you been killing them oh yeah this is 90
they're saying kill the king yeah I wish
I knew that earlier we just got a lot of
fun time haven't I yeah tell you learn
too late
that's all right
wow I didn't know
I think I could I must have killed him
by accident when I far it's been a while
since I files on yeah
nice oh you did
Oh
nice rich wait to be fair I would have
been fucked long to go without that
magic ring ha ha ha hey them's the
breaks has nice one UPI was a nice one
the game is done do not think that this
means you are beyond judgment you have
not won your life no one more tremaine's
the dagger is a symbol of the intellects
ability to cut through the ties that
bind us my intellect built this entire
framework from the barest masses you
dare take it
lots of stuff yes very nice there is
nothing left but your final challenge
you take him on why not we're good OMG I
was it not just the boss fight wow I
hope so but it would just be the boss
fight I thought it was just the boss
yeah yeah so you have to make it all the
way to the dealer yeah so it's these
middle ones that are the new stuff you
face me the rules change yet again did
you add stuff to the deck I just did the
default everyone I'm not in any mood oh
fuck
rich is hoping for death in the game I
actually am Jack do you want to take
over sure here you take over you are so
close to victory really it's possible I
have fought against this day for so long
that's an excessive card by whose
judgment spring counter the player may
choose to discard randomly on my scars
and dry again now I was nice
local peasant I don't give a fuck about
your local peasant she was decent stuff
doesn't she or am I wrong about that
give you knowledge of the area but you
don't really need access analysis mall
here's some food Oh a gloves card ok I
don't have any gloves nice that's
something increase the movement speed I
that's cool I'll take that under
materials twisted Canyon forest escape
ok cool
I don't need to do
what is this again I forget I forget all
these things
request food sure yeah fine yeah they
get my own
much food have whatever you have one
food for that Jack I mean I lost 18
golden I'm fine I'll be fine with that
might get a better weapon down there
I'll take it I've got you probably both
oh snap for shame cards isn't Maxwell
out uh i'm axel one food well there goes
that food I got Jesus I'm getting out of
here I'm getting out of here sorry
that's all right way through the woods
and see what lies beyond
alright i hope that is the curse that
Enzo quest attacks from the players
weapons do less damage what o.o if so
I'm just weaker now grey wool Millie
pieces upon the bull fuckin grand the
cycle repeats so I I get the magic ring
yeah when you get done I get my five
pain cards please and weaker weapons
yeah I get shit I'm just I get a big
barrel it's not fair jack it's random
you know it's just it really isn't fair
no but life isn't fair that's also true
that's mostly true
take a success I'll take a blessing card
let's see that's the best one of the
game yeah yeah may return the card and
draw another after shuffling to get like
a huge failure you can try again nice
great I'll take that ah oh oh the king
is dead Richard rishav Arab a kingdom
ruins the print still wonders the world
for shadows and
lost my arm gets me some gold opening
run into a ship that's my call I'm sure
you were Greek food for that and a
decent decent golf games Devil's
Carnival oh I'm glad I did not go that
way Devil's Carnival was there across
the ocean I hate the devil's carnival I
fucking hate the devil's cannibal it's
pretty bad I appreciate those tokens on
the board that aren't you now I have no
idea who the challenge are there showing
cards that have a token you haven't
gotten yet that could be metal or nice
great it's kind of wacky feel sleepy yes
I don't like it wait see what the bird
does picture up carries your way oh yay
I've managed to find the position which
is awkward yet relatively pain-free ok
so this is this is like this is a
quality thing that has happened good oh
my guess I'm over here now I guess I'm
over here now that's fine a lot of food
to out oh my god well that's okay I'm
every age I must be relieved just see
what you got item wise medium armor the
fleet cuffs
every kill earns the player a stackable
speed and damage boosts taking any
damage resets that Louis look at the
gloves I already have flea clubs oh you
already have increased where's movement
speeds yeah I already have those
equipped all right oh oh this is all the
stuff i have equipped already a urine
cell yeah whoopsie how whoopsie-doopsie
hang scrapes I think those are each
dragon flicks a curse slowing and
weakening your opponent that's wish you
know considering you have a weak sword
going on right now and I think the
plunderers cap isn't bad either yeah
when you draw supplies oh yes I
definitely want the plunderers gap
interesting choice and then I'm gonna
get food sort of thing even so just to
get more food Oh about you can like by
one foot at a time yes what hello I had
I don't think I had a helmet before
divergence regale shops are revealed
like I could sell the merchants ring
just because who cares if the shops are
revealed wow you know lookie yeah yeah
we want that I want that killing streak
I don't think I've had a fight yet by
the way good small favors Jack I'll take
it hey I'll take it
and they're all right plunders caps is
great extra options is always great I
let's see if we can oh I got gold for
being on that for going there so I think
that's exact I'm the card oh I don't
like it I don't like it hahaha he is
holding some items of my collateral if
you deliver this goal to him an item of
equipment can be yours as payment sure
why not another curse on the table let
us see how you
way over there you can't do it in five
well not if you go to that one on the
top corner yeah now I'll do it I'll do
it I need a better I need a better
weapon so well you can't risk that curse
okay yeah that's why I'm going back yeah
i'm going to me jumpy okay okay gonna go
down no no my god oh my god everything's
fine ah yeah thank you actually you
could have removed the curse with the
mage come on oh I could have man
whatever yeah well fortitude breath ring
of reward emergency ring what does that
do player reaches zero health it still
has food when I receive health equal to
the amount of food what does fortitude
breath do every third encounter does not
consume food bring a reward you like
raunchy after every 3rd Combat the
player draws three equipment cars and
keeps one yes don't even think about the
emergency ward wasn't bad either yeah
treasure chests that's what I don't need
internet head downwards if you did
I do their one food anyway Ryan pleases
me more than watching your attempt to
wriggle away from bad luck
oh did you get your eyes you sure as
hell did get the oh nice fuck yeah fuck
yeah but now every time I want to use
the hammer okay it's stronger it's
stronger that's all that matters yet you
got no food huh you got no fool yeah I
know I got no food I don't give no fuck
those are the damned let's go let's go
you find a casket buried in the sand as
your each a voice calls out stranger
stay your hand the cast compares a curse
of the surface marks fucking leave off
every three combat you gain a weapon
with it bringing that and then you avoid
an encounter ah Jack I wasn't thinking
at all yeah I wasn't thinking traveling
healer food does she remove curses we'll
see fine we'll see an opportunity day
how do why are you calling her she
remove curse hungry blade I came over
those let's see it's 24 sin but receive
plus fifty percent damage so they're
faster attacks from players weapons do
less damage I want to remove that
players take extra damage from range
attacks I can deal with that hungry
blades whenever weapons abilities use
players your hammers power thing more
yeah but this just nerfs the handles
that does how would you wear that
definitely yeah I can only consider
getting rid of both I can it's 30 and 0
30 and 20 alright so unless I sell
another item well I do that now see what
you have to Seoul yeah
you make this harder on yourself yeah
traveling with an empty stomach give her
the fine blade yeah four bucks take it
well yeah you have 30 now if you wanted
to risk having no food all right which I
don't I need I need food i'm already
down health i need food all right i'm
playing it smart I'm definitely not
saying it wrong haha yeah alright it
kind of sounds like you're saying I'm
wrong no it's fine these are just the
girls are hard to remove foods easy to
find but you do desperately need the
food so I mean six and one half a dozen
or the other unless you get like a ton
of food here right without weight
devilish traps yet they can wrap you in
ribbons as easily as any seemingly from
the sky I've often wondered does one
control one's dream or does the dream
control you if it is the latter than
does it mean that when we sleep we are
at a host unguarded what it wouldn't
lucid dreaming be awesome we are the
bass in our night divorce laughs and
laughs a maze of devilish traps remain
have you have you ever had a lucid dream
um a dream where you're in full control
yeah realize you're dreaming and you do
whatever no never last more in a few
seconds because the minute i realized
i'm dreaming starts wake up I've come
I've got analyzing Lee close to heaven
God who's a dream yeah tantalizingly
close I don't lie to you well I shield
bashed instead of rolled just run your
fast I think you could outrun that yeah
yeah I had this dream once where I was
getting ready for bed karen was cars ken
was in bad way there you go to sleep and
then I'm crawling into bed and Karen
walks out of the bathroom where's Karen
she's in bed with me and she also walks
out of the bathroom and and it was this
horrible thing where they both insisted
they were the real Karen oh my god yeah
yeah and they were freaking out both
Karen's in bedroom and then more carrot
to start walking out of the bathroom and
they were they were horrified I didn't
know what to do or to tell them that I
wasn't even sure which one was the real
narrative if any of them were they all
equally valid Karen's and then and then
I realized I was dreaming mm-hmm and at
that exact moment all of the Karen's
smiled at me like haha gotcha that's
right it was ripped it was trippy more
than creepy I suppose it depends i was
like the dream Karen's were like in on
the joke right
let's see if I can heal any the trap by
the way no there's no reward oh oh
that's devilish traps gave me no more
reward so I need to go back to the
healer way some food and see if I can
heal up now before another encounter can
I heal any wounds I'm sure you agree on
that
yeah damn it yes I'm gonna leave the
shop McGee believe she'll be good yep
fuck you well it's a lot card for a
reason they're not supposed to be good
things it's purple jack so purple purple
is bad is it usually those are the cards
you have to have in your deck and then
progressively worse as the game goes on
I think the earlier ones are actually
easy like the extra shops some good
things but later on it's all horrible
nothing worse than the cursed gambler
what is all this
shenanigans oh my god ah fuck you I knew
that was there up yep fuck you is that
it am i dead oh oh I made it to the
ladder I guess ah yeah yeah oh you have
a regular basis for rapture might be
able to get some items rather than cause
you're good at those right the regular
mazur Drake yeah I might be able to get
out of it back yeah let me why not that
this but what's up I don't know yep I
don't know this with your resources is
that a Lionel up top I know it was like
that make a deal with the love of devil
I thought okay the little devil baby
I've not had a single combat yet which I
guess I'm fine with but it's like it's
weird all right all right all right all
right don't go into the grass I'll go
into the grass everybody goes plays only
man who should cut down grass don't like
grass boss you make your quicken up jack
I can run past those but i don't think i
can run past the arrows no I don't know
yeah I don't want to test that theory
that's fairly neck that's what Rolen
gets me any what I've been worth it just
to run passing minute
oh yeah yay ok now I can get some shit
at least and oh you already have the
magic Emperor's jewel that looks
interesting so it's a percent chance to
grant one free artifact / combat yeah
i'd rather have Inferno potion sent ah
so i got four uses during combat press
right bumper to activate fire form but i
guess that could be for a long time uses
snaps oh yeah and I don't have anything
in there right now with three game cards
too I already have a huge family but
like the ring of survival so every third
can i play with my help that's good yes
draw three consuming shame that's
something good right I'll weapon attacks
are enhanced with a powerful poison oh
yes what are the others do because you
just grabbed an item so amia try
receives one food whenever they answer a
shop whenever the player is healed
receives plus one helper blessing do you
have any blessings every time you'll eat
food you'd get extra help I don't think
I have any blessings okay so I'm
thinking with new consuming shame okay
really is that what you're going to do
shut up dealer lessord what you hey yes
unless I'm surprised by your phone's
shower dealer you're encouraged about
horse is a fine companion I'm sure you
leave this one you're in good plus nine
400 now jack that's great but you got
one food left right in the animal it was
totally worth that detour I'm gonna say
oh absolutely the heart of things
because whenever the players here they
lose one gold for every to health points
you wrong oh you're gonna be broke you
can't buy food tainted by your view
world and your single-minded purpose the
same singularity of puppies that brings
you here at a difficult Yeah right my
dreams phunk you'd ever know jack so
sorry i have to stop going to those gold
ones maybe if i can get to the end
without getting hit i get a reward so
far I've gotten hit on every devil
oyster I'm gonna say no probably not
darn it by the moving too fast
awesome portable camera I wouldn't ya
take it slow because you don't know what
the fuck's in front of you might yeah
exactly no no I knew I knew that oh my
god what living living dangerously yes
boom
boom I didn't get hit that time no so
we'll see if I get anything nope I'm
fuck it I shit hey you're superfast
badass weapons plus every three combat
you good stuff so choose from these
options
being I love that you can follow the
cards right I charge into battle to lava
golems all right I can do this I can do
this I can do this I can do this I can't
do this i only have 20 health one lava
golem may be consuming shame but you had
the emergency room i guess you'd still
be fucked you have the food consumed in
shame
shit traps run on the bridge no traps on
the bridge right no there's traps over
there though
what fuck oh great considering how bad a
hand you start off with lose-lose ianova
curses you will never face oh you know
what maybe I don't want to face you
dealer think about that you think about
that I don't want to see you anymore hi
alright well there was our lovely
tuesday make up stream sorry again about
all the technical issues we were having
on sundays some of them unavoidable
tomorrow it'll probably after seven
again tomorrow just a heads up for
everyone here yeah but tomorrow we're
bringing out the wii u so we
II am trying to get to the stream to
shut it off
