Dec 6, 2015
Helldivers
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/35551015
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/35551447
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/35551652
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwdfSPCkP1g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8zAKswL0l8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efKkNj73Z7k
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/673601031675088896

[Part I]
I get it it's like I'm drinking a ghost
that's ghost it's like I'm drinking us
ghosts all right I'm hitting play on
this gam game many games hi everybody
welcome welcome welcome to the stream
and enjoy this enjoy this we just good
know when that ends well
love that one is holding the baby secure
the resources we need to preserve
democracy motherfucker
come and get what I mean oh sure well
I'll go on Steam settings
I don't know in game that's going
chad has taken enable stream overlaying
game how do you do that huh Rich's mic
is off no it's my Kazan wait wait is
your mic off I don't know
points
oh there you go oh this connection is a
piece of shit then I just wiggle that
the slightest amount well they go resent
their riches back now alright thank you
so yes it's like it's like storm
troopers the game how do we I don't know
and I've had it off so long yeah that I
don't know where to change it just that
maybe just turn off the steam overlay is
that what we do what's the chat saying I
don't know and yes start Starship
Troopers totally and it's great my
friend joins a game don't display a
notification there you go when I receive
messages don't play don't play a sound
flash window and I receive a message
never okay good and automatically sign
into friends a sign into friends don't
check that too I don't want that now
okay good now we shouldn't get any of
those alright now let's begin this okay
great
the chat is saying Z oh we could also go
offline you're right
what that's is that there can they see
them how did that happen because the
game is fucking with things that was
cool
all right no I think we're ready to go
you gotta you got your what go to obs
I just want to see Kimmy can I see that
let me see you know they can't see that
great yeah but get that out of there
shift weight broadcasting disabled look
up ok now click ok there we go alright
okay now we're gonna I'm in play cuz we
wasn't doing dicking around too long
we're digging down because you couldn't
hear me earlier hello everybody how was
your fine day
welcome to the stream I'm very excited
rich and I were talking about what we
were wanted to play today and he's like
have you heard of this Helldivers and I
was like shit yeah I have this this
looks like a jack thing yep carlac I am
instructor bot 84 this is hell driver's
training facility yeah Dianna I oversee
the I'd a hell driver diver training
program which will get you ready for
combat deployment there is an eleven
point eight feet nine percent chance
you'll die while training great repeater
let's have a to wake up I think oh oh
shoot just take that off that's fine you
can just pop it up just pop it off rich
I don't break it
no no you're fine Jack's got like a like
a knob that goes on top of his
controller to extend the stick Harry you
should have had mine if you were more
comfortable it's nice you know it just
makes it the admit it makes the stick a
little longer which supposedly leads to
more accurate aiming accident I don't
know if it would help much so this is a
twin stick shooter wasn't one death
dismemberment and or injury can be
sudden as you've probably noticed blood
is escaping from your body it is
imperative that the recruit rectify the
situation immediately or death will
occur within minutes repeatedly tapping
a to get back up
getting help from a teammate went down
is much faster than manually patching
yourself up
proceed to the fire range for combat
training I bought you dickhead it taught
you a valuable lesson - ok so you've
moved slower when aiming right by
pressing right button to reload bail out
hold right trigger for automatic fire
yay
reloading discards the remaining rounds
in the magazine damage the shot myself
the singer of the target games usually
don't do that mo clips what you know you
magically don't lose the bullets and a
half oh right I like that about it then
gently press the right trigger to
perform single fire ok grenade range for
grenade training rich are you are you
takin all this in yeah great
so do this left trigger yeah I did it
hold left trigger and released for a
longer throw moving in the direction
will increase the range okay let's do
this yeah perfect throw my first time
yeah you know as it turns out I'm
amazing at video games how do I join
yeah I just needs to go through this
tutorial or like what happens if you
press Start no nothing happened
great a coordinated fire maneuvers gotta
wait when in combat coordinate fire in
manoeuvres with squad members is
essential to avoid loss of life like leg
hold everybody okay you must use your
sidearm hold why to equip your sidearm
wait why do you want to use this letter
I don't have a mouse to have your laptop
what today yep okay poke Alex in the
eyes has last best of the worst was
hilarious and final proof that rich
Evans is the greatest person to ever
have lived on earth didn't get the joke
about Jack's superpower though thanks
guys keep up the great work that last
best of the worst was amazing I agree no
no Jack Jack's superpower for those not
in the know whenever we watch a movie
I'm best of the worst Jack always knows
what's going on no matter how confusing
and poorly constructed the plot is like
me Mike J Jesse Josh will have no idea
what the fuck is going on the film was
like why is so-and-so doing such and
such and Jack will say oh that's because
this and this and that and how the fuck
did you know that
that's Jack's superpower always
understand what's going on in a movie
and double down defied that power
so basically Neal Breen is stronger than
Jack which is I mean that's tough that's
tough for me
I'm still not clear on why we're
switching to the pistol Oh accuracy you
don't want to hit friendly targets yes
okay and reload is the bumpers and
that's not that's weird
Breen is Jack's kryptonite it's true
like and it like the event speaks to the
artistry of our Lord and Savior green
we're and I'm so glad Mike kept in that
shot where all of us were just trying to
move closer to the TV in hopes that we
would glean more information so why
holding why I changed his weapons
holding why holding that is pressing why
yeah you have to hold why that's weird
hello sprint to cover distances by
pressing l3 while moving now I love that
I know I do it's the most awkward button
yay I did it
am I still doing it okay hitting the
deck
what what button was hit the deck X X is
hit the deck okay very important yeah
I'm not an expert in combat I feel I
feel a lot like an expert in combat the
subscriber notification is behind our
face game oh did we move our face oh
shit
you can change that alt tab to change
that hold on everybody pause for alt
tapping everything's ruined
that's right we moved our face cam again
because as I was explaining we moved
actually we don't want to move our face
cam again right no our first game of
good pure because we're looking this way
no looking at the game Oh Oh while we're
working the game yeah okay looking at
the chat we're looking here we're
looking at the game we're looking here
okay I'm with it alright great
now our notifications should be good to
go
everything's fine please go about your
business
probably gonna read some of these
there's just no reason
just move the notifications we will face
him how do I pause
you can't did everybody on what smelter
wedging all of us is asking us a
question what's the question
Oh smelter wedge in all of us says uh
how on earth did you get Macaulay Culkin
involved that's that's all max landis
apparently Max is friends with him yes
we had nothing to do with that that
beautiful ending to the way to do max Oh
max we basically gave him the tape and
today go go to LA go nuts what everyone
do yep and he had that idea and luckily
Mac apparently he likes to be called Mac
said cool so nothing new but hopefully
and you know we talked about this a
little bit because I know everyone was a
little on the fence about max landis in
general now that the episode is up you
guys can clearly see how cool he is yep
that man gets it is where ninety four
point seven two percent of Helldiver
fatalities occur ler you learn how to
leav backup says do I need to say sorry
for sending and double down no no thank
you you have you have opened our eyes to
the breena's double down is amazing it's
amazing I can't wait to see the rest of
his movies and yes I did see his ball
sack yep we all did you were there
say conversation would bring a
possibility I don't know I have no idea
probably not imagining he's a crazy man
he's gonna be a crazy man who wouldn't
have any interesting coming on the show
be my guest stratagem be gonna hold the
right trigger hold the right trigger -
what
so everyone tomorrow you can press the
left bumper and then you have to do like
an up up down down thing whatever it
says on the screen okay and you get this
and I don't know what this is okay
didn't you throw this beacon and then I
think something comes Oh like it's not
clear to call and Jo ku says please for
the love of fuck guys don't forget about
going prone and don't forget about
losing unused ammo and clips sidearms
are valid callin stratagems shit
together for democracy for democracy I
want to join the game that's all I want
to do I'm sitting on the fucking
controller in my lap like a moron well
uh like a little brother I'm playing -
let's get the fucking coop I'll figure
it out it's fine
no I missed again hey how you do this
here guys no not really
oh I did it the Tigers have been
eliminated so that I apparently I called
in an air strike how by pressing left
trigger just pressing it once or
pressing left bumper doesn't normally
throw a grenade you have to hold it down
no no I actually don't know what throws
a grenade I thought it was left bumper
earlier no left trigger throws a grenade
left bumper triggers grenade left
triggers grenade left bumper brings up
this thing with all the arrows and then
if I use the d-pad and press right right
right I get that airstrike thing okay
okay if I press the other combination I
get another thing is that this works
yeah oh sorry so now I need to do dude
dude dude dude dude and I get
acknowledged the minigun turret
oh oh when you go prone to avoid injury
or death that's great so then you press
it press it again or no now so now it's
equipped so I just place it with right
trigger or anger problem
and I'm prone
I like that your own things can murder
you
yeah I think that's really important was
double down Max's contribution to that
episode or did you I'll pick it up
before anole leav bow come in the jail
you guys were talking about it a while
ago and leave backup sent it to us and
I've been hyping this up to Jay for a
long time like we need to watch mm we
need to watch double down and and it
just so happened that that it was here
for Max and Max had seen his other movie
fateful findings which is like his the
big movie we were we were at the
Walgreens picking up the selec just
chips odds and ends before we started
watching the movies yeah and I told them
we're gonna watch Double Down and he
lost his shit and low grams yeah you'll
get police quest - sooner or later not
tonight
tonight we're doing this
so I've just called in a reinforcement
so like it's there's this whole like up
up down down minigame yeah for like
calling in the shit congratulations
great simulated mission rich and then I
think okay thoughts on Jesse Eisenberg
as Lex Luthor but that's my thoughts on
the whole movie yeah have we talked
about the trailer at all or not really
you watched your life I watched a life
you know I it's a movie it's a movie
yeah
it's gonna be silly yet it's still gonna
be gritty I don't know what they're
going for
I liked the tone of the trailer I still
think the movies gonna be bad but I
really liked the tone of the trailer it
had a little more comedy a little more
action ii stuff but it still looked like
it still looked like a dark and
depressing movie and so i can only
imagine that the tone will be all over
the place but i actually liked the tone
of the trailer rich isn't interested in
new king's quest by the way right yeah
not not really it looks like another one
of those tale time quicktime event games
where you're not actually solving
puzzles that's what it looks like but i
don't know well you just picked up a
rock oh i don't quite understand what i
was picking up I'll be honest with you I
don't necessarily know what I'm doing it
just run around looking for looking for
something to do here's a guy he might
tell me what's up what you think the
last ash vs. Evil Dead I have been
watching it yep I haven't been watching
you I've been watching the man in the
high castle okay I'm sure I'm sure not
everybody has seen the new ones so I got
the details but I don't know I'm not I'm
not I'm not liking the half-hour format
yeah yeah that's that's been my that's
been my problem I I think the ultimate
test will be if you just sit down and
watch them all how it flows because if
it flows like a decent 5 hour moving and
that's fine
but the half-hour form is like I'm just
getting into this and now it's overall I
think it wanted me to put a hell bomb in
there is that what you wanted yeah great
I I have not seen the Krampus but I'm
sure you'll you'll find out what red
letter media is thoughts on the Krampus
are soon enough for at least some of red
letter media but due to specific people
in red letter media you'll probably find
out what they have to say about it
mmm oh wait did I mess up so how is the
man in the high castle so far I really
enjoy it I really really really really
okay I really really enjoyed they they
do that wonderful thing that the thing I
really liked about like daredevil yeah I
think I messed up which is we spend a
lot of time with the villain and you
know the villain is not oh shit the
enemy is not a single note you know it's
got some
yeah I'm gonna finish the point once I
rebel didn't I just don't understand
what is happening here and I was within
the blast radius apparently good oh okay
I did it
okay so the the main villain that we see
in the man in the high castle has these
like shades and is a real person and
obviously he does bad things because
he's the bad guy but it's it's I've been
really really enjoying it so what do I
do now you've been awarded the extra
Auto reinforce it'll be real it was
recently announced that Telltale Games
is making a Batman game I saw that haha
huh with the possibility of a good
Batman detective story I'd be enough to
make you play it maybe who's doing the
voice
that's the only thing rich cares about
I mean I don't know if in the wake of
the the Arkham games I don't know about
that I don't know I might rather just
watch a really good Batman story you
know I mean
I want to play the game rich I want you
to play the game too
why aren't you doing the tutorial faster
it's a tutorial I don't know all right
no I'm not right when you have a free
moment I'm gonna have to ask you to
login so I can check that out here
that's funny I thought I heard a new one
yeah there was a new it that's the last
one I uh I saw oh I was weird could we
have lost one is that a possibility
might not have refreshed Oh
I'm gonna run now to handle whatever
whoever said that last donation I'm not
getting a the message in my little tip
alert of the thing for whatever bizarre
reason
um have you guys played any more of the
blood-borne DLC I've been playing a lot
of the the game the main game but I
haven't gotten into the the the DLC area
yet because I don't need to get my ass
fucking handed to me yeah Jack I'd
always been playing it constantly I I in
fact have been slacking all weekend
because I've only been playing
blood-borne and it fucking love it and I
just got I just got a weapon that I was
looking for I got Simon's bow blade
oh you do I think you were looking for
that anybody had that I got it I just
gotta just got it okay but uh but I've
been working all weekend to level up my
character so I could get far enough in
blood-borne in the DLC to get Simon's
bow blade which looks like a badass
weapon what level are you ad that's a
good question
I don't I don't even know what's your
what's your highest stat at I want to
say like strength is that 21 okay and
still I'm getting my ass handed to me
because that first area of the the
nightmare the the hunters nightmare has
hunters that respawn as if there were
regular enemies has like other hunters
that just respond as if they're regular
enemies oh well shit out of ammo call
for a drop oh yeah
found are your kids looking forward to
star wars the force awakens
yes yes they're a lot of thank you yes
they are which is very exciting for me
we've been you know rewatching all the
all the old movies and been having a
great time I'm just having a great time
which is an ex-con fan have you checked
out hard West yet yes I have it's I
don't know if the years here's I'm
saying no it's just saying why the fuck
I don't know if the problem is is hard
West or if the problem is just I can't
get past ex-con but I'm I had a lot of
trouble getting into hard West because
my brain kept thanks saying I like the
way I scum did this or that better and
here is something that I looked up on
the hard West Kickstarter hard West
touted itself as an ex-con clone in
their Kickstarter campaign okay so it's
a fair comparing them to XCOM is
completely fair I don't I don't know
about the whole luck system it's it's
weird to me that someone should get
caught out of cover and and be okay
because they have you know luck it
almost feels like it takes away a
tactical element and then you're always
losing it when you get shot at you're
always losing luck yeah and it's like by
the time you have a chance to use one of
your powers but your powers are fueled
by luck but you can't use it because
you've been shot at too much no I had to
do a thing I didn't do it yeah and we
actually are so our next prereq episode
is going to be on hard West and Star
Wars Battlefront
basically I'm gonna talk about hard West
and Jax get to talk about battlefront
because I got so bored by hard West that
I had to stop playing it that's that's
Jack now I'm not saying hard West is so
boring it's not worth playing I'm saying
I am I'm saying the lutely saying that I
enjoy XCOM more to the point where I
would rather just play x comma y a hard
West cuz I'm sure most people don't know
sure it's kind of a modern XCOM the new
XCOM style only it's like the Wild West
without wood demons the demons I did see
a couple day they were just a comical
horn
Oh quite know what I have to do well we
ever do a prereq holiday special um no
media plans in this earth there won't be
one this year like there's not really
many holiday type games you know mm-hmm
I think that's the biggest problem am I
supposed to do here oh oh okay I get it
that took me a while
you do do-do-do shooting great I think I
can leave now so
will you ever play farming simulator you
know I used to love the older Harvest
Moon games I know that's not what you're
talking about
rich were you big a big fan of shadows
of the Empire for the n64 no no no whoa
game of the year and turd of the year I
don't know about turd of the year
there's a lot of turns game of the year
blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne
easily easily easily blood-borne a
special special game of the year note
notes by the way rocket league oh yeah
yeah rocket league gets a very special
nod and Super Mario maker or Mario maker
Mario maker gets a special not because I
think it's really special it's a special
game when a crypt of the necrodancer
come out like it's an odd for me yeah
yeah there you go
I played a lot of crypt of the
necrodancer but blood-borne easily
easily Game of the Year I can't imagine
a game that got it more right it's Mike
secretly really hyped for the fork force
awakens and is trying to lay low about
know maybe mildly hyped but not not not
especially
I have not played Just Cause 3 yet you
know what and I agree Brian show now a
blood-borne has a major black mark
against it on being ps4 only but it's
still the best game of the year so the
games I pledged your hands down for dem
it's a it's a game it's just an
old-school game it's the gayest game
we've played besides broccoli oh oh you
can press E to join now or press a to
join now oh you can do it we can do it
we can
yes all right I'm going I'm done talking
I'm gonna shoot fucking monsters
presumably blood-borne being a ps4
exclusive fills me with joy because of
the rage it's it's just the best it's
just the best game and and all the all
this DLC and making me like replay the
game has cemented how much I love that
game look yeah let's get to the fucking
mission
oh you want to you want to upgrade I'll
fine fine just you know turbo Jesus your
donation message wasn't read out because
there was some kind of weird issue word
didn't show up I'm very sorry yeah did
you read this anonymous one oh wait
there it is
did it just show up like now we're after
the fact no I might have it might have
just shown up like an hour after the
fact being fans of risk of rain says
anonymous I'm curious if you guys have
seen dead bolt yet it's their next game
that they're currently working on and
they released a demo that shows a few
levels it's pretty cool this is just
though this is the absolute first I've
even heard of it so sounds great yeah
alright we we loved risk of rain and so
I'm sure any other game they make will
be great that's not necessarily true at
all I'm sure your MC Lou
I do understand like the the from
software games now I still don't think
I'm gonna be that into Dark Souls 3 it's
the world of blood-borne is what makes
me keep playing that game prometheus
system sure Oh bug home world this is
what happens when you follow along
through the youtube only you hear about
how they'll never use face cam again
then face cam yes because I totally
wasn't being sarcastic when I said we'd
never use a face cam again there was no
sarcasm there at all I was I was so
loaded with sarcasm okay how big an
idiot would you need to be to not
realize that I was being sarcastic
when I said we would never use a face
cam again probably probably a pretty big
idiot everyone like a huge idiot to
protect super-earth to advance the front
and finally eliminate all enemies of
super-great after we have liberated all
regions and reach the enemy home plane
and we must commence a final assault to
eliminate the alien threat all
Helldivers contributed to the war effort
by complete advance the influence
gaining great
are we still excited for strafe I
haven't heard in any updates on straight
for a while but yeah they make it I'd be
interested to play yeah I see you're I'm
sitting here in charge of all of it I'm
in charge of all this shit we so we need
to pick I need to shoot at something
okay I've been sitting here for an hour
I haven't shot at anything but we're
gonna go this one then okay great
so I would suppose the amount of control
we have over this region when the bar
sales we have liberated the region
great-great-great-great-great
i we're going to quarry on babe the
planet will be liberated liberated like
they're gonna be limericks yep the
planet is being turned into limericks
hey listen to me
we'll go on this planet oh there's a
thing here
you gotta enter enter the hell port
richey from s effect for is positively
reviewed any chance you may try it no I
don't think we have any different ones
great great
the series is dead to me and yes it was
Mike who edited the last best of the
worst as you can tell by all of the J
gifts as you can tell by the editing
during be describing double down that's
that's all Mike okay so kind of get
what's going on here yeah great
so we shoot at things as they're a
sprint ammeter or can you infinitely
sprint I think you can infinitely sprint
that's print domitor okay what is this
thing I don't fucking know you know what
did the tutorial yeah let's look at our
map okay so we have to go down into the
left sure sure
sprint a murderer go well I thought we'd
darn to the left Jack down to the left
where you go you're gonna done I don't
know
right straight something well I was
trying to take a different path so you
know we could have our bases covered in
case we get so we could be separated and
and and and okay so in case we get
flanked they don't wanna get flanked I
want to do the flanking wait this way
that looks like a bad thing
Oh God friendly fire oh yeah friendly
fire oh you killed me
how do you come back are you just gone
did I that I murder you for good you
might have rich
it's totally murdered me how do I get
back I have to request reinforcements oh
that's right so you have to press the
left bumper which one is it which one is
it bottom one bottom one up down right
oh god oh god oh god i don't know what
i'm doing i don't know what i'm doing is
i didn't play the tutorial oh my god
that's what you get oh you can do it up
down right left up and then what then
what oh no press the right trigger and
throw it now I'm gonna land right there
in just a moment so try not to die in
the meantime oh I get it I get it the
fire now then with a spread ah
okay now this thing here we got it we
got to defend it
alright and ammo is the bullet one down
down up right oh these things just kill
those are like Scouts
oh my god you almost ready for sorry I'm
fine I'm very sorry okay get get your
what get your weapons intact and then
and then we gotta then we gotta move you
have to hold it did I do it right I
don't know if I get it right you did all
right everything's fine
okay this is neat hahaha how I lost
bullets because I'm stupid
okay we got to go to go up into the
right shit I got your back I got your
back you got my back this time this time
I've got your back I'm reloading up into
the right up into the right and if you
see any of those whirligigs shoot them
first because they just you have to
describe what a whirligig battling they
bring the big enemy alright if they see
us they bring the big enemies you know
the whirligigs I wouldn't call that and
that doesn't even resemble a whirligig
Jack okay here we go
call shuttle did the dead we're like
alright I'm gonna drop one of those
things that you have to we have to hit
the hit the deck in a second okay yeah
yeah after we take care of this guy okay
and do I have one of those i doo doo doo
doo doo doo
thank you nice nice
okay cover now this thing oh this thing
will get our back
okay we got this rich we totally got
this how come I can't shoot from the
ground
that's a fair question
but you know we're on the ground
do-do-do-do-do yeah too easy well this
is the first new easy you say we still
have 15 seconds left
and this is only a first mission that's
local co-op is there online you there's
online co-op that I think that's one of
the selling points of the game is like
you can do 4 player missions look at how
undignified this is what listen you know
what we did we survived fuck undignified
we made it it doesn't matter how you win
the war rich it just matters that you
wanted the when I was getting a Simon's
bow blade I wanted it earlier then like
there's a story way to get it but like
you have to go well through the DLC and
then there's kind of like like a harder
way to get it sooner yeah and you have
to fight Simon who has the bow blade and
it's it's this sword that turns into a
bow and arrow jack or shut up
not the fucking bull blade I fucking
want the bow blade got the blow bowl a I
got low play I got the blob wood and so
I'm fighting Simon
that's weapon of a prostitute before the
blow blade and he gets stuck behind a
door and he keeps shooting arrows that
mean he can't hit me but my my hammer
can glitch through the door and so I
just she's the whole fight he's shooting
arrows at me through a door and he can't
get me so I just whack him with the
hammer over and over and over again
then he relents and it was great couple
here lost in Technicolor says yeah you
know how much I adore you guys by now
you're right up there with dark side
fill when it comes to streamers Thank
You telegin says Jack what's your
opinion of the chemical Sheriff in men
and high castle he says men and high
castle that man in the high castle just
went he said the name wrong in the
donation but we understand which we
understand I mean you know I liked him
the as I was mentioning earlier like the
main bad guy is nuanced and like has you
know like reasons behind what he's doing
and is a real character but then you
meet this one character the sheriff who
is just a comically villainous villain
is just terrible and bad and everything
you know like is the worst bad guy ever
and I kind of liked that it played well
with the theme and it I really liked him
so how do we unlock this stuff I don't
get our earn stuff oh well yeah you see
like so like let me hear let me so we
haven't you know maybe after our next
mission we'll get enough experience
actually on like let's just do another
don't go just to get out of here
let's do mission to fuck yeah
let's go get in the help Ord help what
select drop zone so we got to get this
flag here but I want to come and do some
exploring so I'm gonna drop over here
okay
confirm Jaka Richard you're looking
forward to the new season of Samurai
Jack yes I've seen approximately zero
Samurai Jack I've seen all of Samurai
Jack a fucking love Samurai Jack you
didn't watch Samurai Jack I've never
seen it it's so good it's so good
I am constantly surprised by how long
Samurai Jack lasted it's a slow boring
samurai show on Cartoon Network it was
great Samurai Jack was great didn't have
an ending right I guess I'll get an
ending no oh that would be nice mm-hmm
it kind of got an ending not a real
ending okay we need to capture area and
then get the fuck out of here
no flashlights fancy fancy but we
constantly need to be looking for like
science stuff that's uh actually wait
let's double back
let's see what's at the bottom of this
sweet jeebus shit do that between
missions will read that between missions
look for some sweet science stuff I'm
not seeing any sweet stuff
now we're wasting our time oh wait no no
look there's a there's a sweet Oh all
that I just want to show you Thanks yeah
I just I all I want to do is I have my
shoot you know we just did we just
science did motherfucker
I could shoot Jack don't shoot me look
at that what what is it what is it what
is it oh you can't shoot me anymore
go get the cover I'm just curious
how do you I guess made Union male aid
when you're on the ground I don't know
is this a science thing no okay so where
we going now
I don't know directly up well good I'm
capturing it I'm doing that thing
or something that you can play this in
the mouse yeah probably I might prefer
that yeah I mean I'm a hype hybrid with
the steam controller actually might
actually be a good option for this game
for democracy Oh jack huh you're out of
ammo I think I have one shot left
no no wasting bullets rich okay now is
it alright extraction point is north
right yeah x-acto point is all the way
north Oh
let's try this way gotta try sign some
stuff too
I appreciate your science enthusiasm we
got it we got a science wrench there we
go we got a science is Sri loud you up
on your poem wet down whoa
got a grenade out nope not gonna grab
this excellent grenade use Jack yep I
felt really good about that
that way we are going the right way and
up here
yeah nummies sounded the alarm Jack what
they always sound off the alarm what do
you wanna drop
oh I gotta throw yet shit
laughs
uh-huh
what is that oh I mean oh nice
these things moved very fast
I love the music
right
ah
15 seconds rich oh yeah I got you
get the fuck in there fucking blue rich
that's that was your fault all right
that was your fault right there longest
laga since I read those it is I'm not
gonna remember that great there you go
all right
anonymous says here is a two dollar
donation I'd feel guilty if I didn't
contribute I don't want to be no
freeloader - this come slash show dream
show screams I hear about and that's not
the sick kind of come that's the normal
kind of non disgusting kind of come I
hear about yours is good
can you come slash show gameplay of LSD
what's what's what's LSD say that in the
chat and anonymous says that's on Mass
Effect 2 to me that is when the series
went to shit no real plot advancement
and retconning to create the filler it
doesn't fucking matter because three
made all of the other games in the
series depressing piece of shit
but that price can be lowered with
upgrades great I'm a corpse I saw I'm
now a replacement character it feels
horrible it feels horrible I didn't see
in chat someone was asking that's Kate
just go who's who this just changes the
voice that's good
have you oh here we go what happens if
my kids find out about the prequels
that's you know obviously people are
saying LD LSD dream simulator question
mark oh I had no idea oh my god
Paraiba from a piercing ammunition ooh I
like that and that proved the melee
what was melee to get melee did we lose
range uh-huh
go an armor-piercing yeah rich you have
to play it
what it do I have to play pick up a 1 1
a.m. or 3 em whatever that is I can't
read that from hearing is my answer shit
3 a.m. LSD simulator civil civil war
thoughts it'll be a Marvel movie that
spider-man sure supposed to be in it
spider-man is gonna show for two seconds
what did you upgrade what happened what
do I have to do so press the bumper and
you can cuz you're just a guest can I
use ones you've upgraded yeah well I
upgraded our handgun for with
armor-piercing bullets okay so that's
what I thought
let's do a zoom or yeah that's right
great let's see here should we head to
the bug homeworld or should we continue
our no let's let's continue our our rain
in the pry corn region
let's do this I want to go Waze it or at
the martell was it night well we can't
do was it the one we can do I don't care
the planets the planets we have guns and
there's things I can shoot at why am I
not shooting at things right play a
harder level this okay so this is a yeah
I'm very easy this is very easy well
this is dive in the park this is very
easy where do we do Polaris prime I
don't think so maybe we did so this is
slightly harder than what we did before
Jack we need to talk about the turtles
oh my god what what turtles there was a
turtle situation last night right what
we went out to eat at a restaurant yeah
and the restaurant like most restaurants
had a kid's menu full of activities for
the children yeah you know you color
this and it had a maze at all that right
and it had 6 Turtles five of which were
identical one of which was different
spot the different one yeah and my
seven-year-old Parker looking at them
he's pretty good at these things and he
couldn't find it it took him like 10
minutes of him looking he couldn't find
something okay I'll help ya I start
looking I cannot spot the difference
uh-huh Hannah Doe really says she can't
spot the difference we're out with her
mom she can't spot the difference we get
so upset we like our when our waiter
comes by it's like tell us what the
difference is none of us adults can spot
the difference and so the waiter is
looking at them and it's just like I
don't know
the waiter can't tell you know like and
I assumed it like this is something that
has come up before like spot the
difference in the turtles right uh-huh
there's somebody's idea of a joke is
what this is that's exactly what we
thought so then it escalates to
ridiculousness rich we get the
management involved it's all like it's
all like we weren't like rude customers
right yeah but it was just like did did
someone make a printing error did you
buy these cheap at a discount placemat
store and the reason why it's so cheap
is because
the turtles and the the management was
fine and so we had like the management
staff the waitstaff we had like five
people all looking at this it got to the
point where then other customers were
looking for their waiters and other
customers joined in the search to find
what was different with the turtle and
nobody could I am incredibly serious
I'm incredibly incredibly serious so
like I can um I can hear you hand me my
laptop yeah eating in America is hard no
it's very hard and it was very it was a
very like like I said we were over we
were over all polite about it it's not
like we were being rude customers or
anything okay let me uh let me show rich
the picture here we'll see if he can
well see you can figure it out tweets
let me look at my tweets here we are
give me a second here
okay so rich here are the here are the
six Turtles oh thank you for bad my low
is is uh is uh just linked to my Twitter
and I posted a picture and you see six
turtles and we're gonna give rich a
moment here to look at the six Turtles
and tell me which one is different is
there an answer there is an answer hmm
after so after we got the management
involved the waitstaff involved other
customers involved this is a variable
thing the the manager came up with a
solution that I de still did not find
satisfying but everyone agreed was the
actual solution oh my god and I want to
say the person who tweeted at me first
was um was uh Oh bother
Oh bother you know I put this out on
Twitter because obviously we were
laughing and very confused and I Oh
bother
was the first Oh bother I searched the
company website for the product found
what the product is called googled the
name of it and found an Amazon image of
the games turns out yeah yeah oh don't
read the chat right now if we rich is
still looking but Oh bother you were the
first to tweet at me after the manager
had figured it out this one tiny little
baby toe looks slightly smaller oh my
god haha what is it
so here we'll go to I I took some
close-up pictures something you would
never ever ever notice on these turtles
is if you look at the tongue these see
these two white dots on the tongue one
of them doesn't have those two white
dots on the tongue is the dumbest
fucking thing that is the dumbest
fucking thing is just like five Turtles
have two little white dots on their
tongue this one doesn't have those two
little white dots on its done that's the
thing that's the big difference
terrible you go and you know it was all
it was all in good fun and we all had we
all had a good time kind of poking fun
at how ridiculous it was but uh oh yeah
you can choose so the liberator is a
normal one and this one is a little more
has more fire rate and more stability
but shorter range so one of us should do
one won't do the other one okay Bucky
the one I've been using okay I think I'm
doing okay right okay great
so we're being a clusterfuck holy shit
the point is to keep the children
distracted for as long as possible
fucking genius yeah yeah they should
have just been identical no then I would
have thrown a cave shit would you you
could have gotten a free meal out of it
jack
my kids are upset well it was just one
of those things where I think if the
adults are having a hard time with it
you might have made it too hard all
right
know something don't walk through don't
walk through water right okay
down them to the right down and to the
right
there's a thing and I killed it
so no problem no problem things dead
great this thing I don't know am I
supposed to fucking know disarm
unexploded ordnance
is that it there ah brave men
oh I have a shotgun I leave this thing
right
maybe on this side whoa
we bring in an airstrike and take it out
and see what happens I don't enemy has
sounded the alarm
which one is the airstrike Jack what
shotgun check out Jack Jack damn it I
was calling in the air strike oh I was
calling in the air strike Ridge so now
oh it might be coming which one which
one that bottom a shit laser plant rich
the laser plan yeah yeah that's a
fucking laser plant I get it I get it
whoo there's a science thing right there
hold on hold on I'm gonna bring you back
all right which one is the airstrike
cover me
the the middle one but the one above the
fit this one nope
how did I tie again you threw a grenade
him you threw a grenade at me
oh wait go to that thing what is that
maybe not I don't know I don't know rich
you threw a grenade at me yes we've seen
Jessica Jones or I've seen Jessica Jones
I really like Jessica Jones it has a
slow start though I did not like the
first couple of episodes or I was kind
of indifferent to the first couple of
episodes right and then overall though I
think that Jessica Jones is very good
home run I know we did listen death
happens
Colin what cluttered Wasilla
I'm sure Civil War is gonna be fine I'm
sure you know Marvel has you know
disappointed once and that's about it
getting back in there getting back
Marvel seems to know what they're doing
yeah I got a feeling Civil War will be
okay yeah feel like all the other Marvel
movies is fine yeah I'm excited for Luke
Cage to get his own series that'll be
fun should be fine everything's fine
I I really liked Jessica Jones overall
like we had a really good really good
feel to it the first couple of episodes
I was expecting you know like I went in
expecting daredevil and there wasn't
they didn't have the action down which s
cajones and so like it took me a while
to readjust my expectations all right
you you have the close range weapons so
I will call in the air strike
okay we're assuming this is the area
this is well this is the thing all right
which one the blue one that the ammo or
the one above that which one Brian I
don't know rich you don't know i can
assume maybe we have to disarm this
thing that's my only assumption that is
not the air strike what is it that's a
machine gun
okay I'm gonna call in an airstrike nope
oh I like the machine gun yeah
where you at were you at
what the is this I just want an
airstrike and nobody will tell me what
the airstrike is apparently I did not
call in the air strike
apparently I called in a sniff a sitter
what the fuck is this how do I get out
of here
stop reloading and run run run Jack help
me help me help me honey Oh
I got it I don't I don't know what I'm
did this thing is not dead I'm just
gonna keep calling things in until I
find the air strike
okay great no that's an SOS
okay
it would dive bomb that could be it okay
I think this is it what is it said I did
it already but it didn't do anything
it's up here do you think this is it
this is it here what is that
no that's the SOS signal that you sent
this is emerges how do I get rid of this
stupid this thing that I have here it's
right right right is airstrike and when
you freak me then you throw it at the
thing you want to destroy but I don't
think that's it no what was that one
that destroyed like ever the white area
in the tutorial we don't have that we
don't have that the hell bomb or
whatever the hell nuke we do not have
that we do not all right I'm gonna throw
a grenade this thing and fuck it I don't
know what else to do
someone tell us what to do it it's below
ammo what are they saying I don't know
: any earth we're trying to call it and
call in the minesweeper is below ammo
right I have a minesweeper I think is
below the minesweeper I blow ammo but I
have a minesweeper in my thing right now
so we need to find the munitions okay
you worry about that I'll worry about
killing things not one I don't know your
guess is as good as mine
Oh defuse nope
what didn't do it right
oh shit oh that's right I gotta call you
now hold on I'll be right there rich
just kill these guys man
can we open this up to have like four
people possibly we should do that yeah
yeah well I mean we're gonna need it
we're gonna need it rich all right you
you do the mine sniffing this time cuz I
blew up once I got one life together
okay I think I know how many wives you
get but why am I stuck there I am
oh you can't move at all with the
Michigan I see
how would you like to taste some freedom
rich oh here we go
shit I got caught reloading
why did you die yeah okay hello okay we
we're good okay here you come now we
just got to get to the extraction point
extraction point is down around oh oh
wait no no we have another we have
another area defuse another defuse about
okay here okay ready
let's do this yeah oh shit
right
running away I think I'm gonna like this
camera yeah I agree
I'm liking this already I love I love
that you need a team who science science
it rich pick it up science up down down
down it to the right now that I figured
now that we figured out how to sniff for
shit oh sorry okay here we go all right
I got this sniffer you got me covered
yep
it's like right underneath you
I love this fucker machine-gun
so I motherfucker time who's that
oh sorry joined in can you do that
apparently they can right how did they
do it I don't know they did great yeah I
miss I don't know if you're watching the
stream are you just a random person you
can hear us though great huh thanks for
helping we're just started playing the
game also you should be aware that we
are live-streaming yes there are no five
to nine hundred people watching so don't
say anything weird or do you know it's
here call okay I think we can extract
now oh no wait did I get both of them I
don't know oh sure I'm sorry I was me oh
god I hate you yeah mo would probably be
why is at some point okay we can now
extract
yeah watch out
don't
ooh all right where we going Jack where
we going Jack yeah down it to the left
okay what is this do we science that
nope just get out of here just get out
of here I'm working on it I'm working on
it working on getting yeah yeah sweet
jeebus
great Jack what I've got never hearin
cover I'm in cover
ha taste the freedom I think we're
getting another one - Oh for fuck's sake
did he just kidneys kill him it's just
not fair it's just not fair yeah you're
coming tonight
people keep dropping shit on me I got
him he's coming in already
Oh also fights with fish we're streaming
as well we're all streaming each other's
games now it's an unintentional party
just ever everybody streaming but you
Nova so I get on it

[Part II]
sound is key yeah
Iko Iko yeah it's getting a little weird
now it's getting a little weird
oh they're hearing us in-game I have no
idea let's possibly mean see see what
you can do I don't know all right I will
I will attempt to start a thing here can
you guys see me picking oh yeah I'm just
mission to okay all right great I'm in a
pod everybody get in your pod it's gonna
be great I don't thank you okay far
right it is oh sure I'm with you okay
Jack likes to explore I like I like to
science it up there we go yeah hell yeah
bringing this bringing the science
bringing the science to this
to quote the Martian we're gonna science
the shit out of it I get it I get it you
get it it's from a famous movie it's
also from a book so this from a famous
book movie
yeah I haven't seen the movie yet I
really should I've read the book the
movies very boring but kind of good just
very boring alright so what do we got to
do here we got to deploy we just got to
deploy now we're deploying and then this
thing comes out and you got it to play
again so I'm doing this you guys do that
it's kinda great alright who died
already
I'll get Nova back
nope
great Noah's back
where's our to the left straights
yep straight to the left
wait why am i come over my not running
yeah there we go something's got a
control issue okay
equipment on its way
Just Cause my sexy six I'm on that I
understand military
oh no Omari then rich yeah yeah dammit
all right I'm on it
okay great my gun my gun go back just a
little bit to the right
alright okay here we go here we go where
we going oh okay great easy
he's busy there's a thing down here I'm
gonna grab it is there science there's a
science okay we got the science now
worked it or two to the left left I read
there it is I was good right the shuttle
already oh there's a science up here
I was just deployed defensive assets
great those are my favorite types of
assets Oh turret be prepared to hit the
deck
fucking murder everything
are you coming from over here
down
got him
oh shit sorry I love friendly fire it's
easy to hit other people with a machine
gun
now Richard don't don't get killed by
the shuttle this time you can do it
no I think it should be a running joke
is he just killed by the Challenger
don't do it don't do it it would be
funny but don't do it you know what I'd
rather shoot things with my machine gun
Jack I'm lagging this game this game is
fun yeah great great yes first hour
basically yeah that was our that was
like our third mission was that what all
right cool
having a plan we have not we have not
yet had a plan that might be a good
strategy yeah just press a if you're
streaming live had previously regarded
underscore live yeah it's very true
fights with fish we are streaming we've
been doing pretty good here in the pry
corn region so let's keep that up those
are some more difficult we can do yeah
let's see why I want to shoot a bunch of
things I sure had a few things we're
gonna meet you go for medium glue a
medium okay let's do a medium go for
medium and then that works out we'll go
for challenging great I like it mission
one here we go is there I hope
everyone's okay with medium
Oh actually we're in the same room we're
doing local yeah we're doing local co-op
streaming who's not in those fights with
fish you coming oh sure on the same
screen yeah a local co-op really nice
alright so yeah it's really great so I
think I'm gonna start here and then so
I'm gonna start at the artillery then we
can work our way up to this this this
extraction that and sure great I was
told we needed to make a plan and so I'm
making a plan
I feel pretty good about that plane it's
tickling funny okay what is happening
now we're just waiting
so Nova what are your thoughts on the
Batman vs Superman trailer you seen that
I'm expecting it to be awful everyone
says that doomsday looks like
Michelangelo from the Michael Bay
Turtles movie that's exactly what it
looks like okay we got one deployed
Jesus this is definitely harder that's
great
this is good I can I can deal with this
great was that me did I shoot somebody
else did I do that again
oh yeah you killed me I'm sorry jack I'm
bout to get mine great make us come back
now Oh everyone else dead
yes everyone else is dead oh no okay Oh
No get us back I'm trying I'm trying I'm
trying
alright alright hold on run away oh I'm
in the Sun I can't run shoot that thing
alright alright oh shit oh shit oh my
first my first night with the game fair
that's fair then I can utterly fuck
alright get everybody killed and then
failed to revive everyone I think I'm
allowed to do that on my first day with
the game what a calm man Nova is we like
him more people were like Nova I would I
would multiplayer more often I think so
ok let's try that again
red
all right we're gonna go with the same
plan here start down here work our way
okay okay but we're gonna fuck up less
we're gonna work on not dying that
sounds good that sounds good oh they did
it didn't you wave your finger up yeah
that's our that's our tip notification I
don't know if you can hear that yeah
that's a little while all right I am I
am activating a deployment no it's a
wait so it comes up and activate the
second phase of the deployment as well
really yeah
all right I got north
and I'll take South okay
now let's head up straight north
hard to run in this note you got a press
on you got a press through I think I
think I found a way to run through the
snow
yeah just gonna keep it up cover and out
I think might be might be slut now no
okay keep moving keep moving keep moving
okay
here there aria we're aria Oh
I think I really like this game yeah
yeah great great all right
ah Oh dead do rich do it nice
oh great
okay up up into the right let's let's
clear this area first because we're
about to get help me out help me out out
nope
there you go oh we we we crushed
fights with fish dammit I can't use it
someone else needs to get fights with
fish back
I think it's oh I can't oh no one can
okay no one get crushed by him this time
I capture this area here we got this we
got this
we got it now to the left down slightly
into the left okay this shotgun is great
oh that's why I'm getting slowed down
occasionally this this rage sticks
getting stuck whoa
all right still still down and slightly
to the left come on rich what
come on guys rich yeah oh who shot me
who shot me god dammit I don't know I
got you oh here it is over here's the
capture point alright alright
I'll reduce the capture point
is a game that's kind of hard to talk
over it's not happening yeah that's okay
maybe it's exciting to watch I don't
know people aren't leaving haha
is that an animal drop Patrick I'm kind
of oh okay I use a clip or two before I
grab that
yeah
that's very
okay up and up into the right is the
extraction zone all right
I feel like I'm doing much better now
that's how I feel you know I'm gonna do
the same thing
look at that shit look at that she took
everyone out then that South portion
that was awesome how come nobody's
talking about the awesome things I'm
doing huh I'm not paying attention
hit the deck hit the deck
I gotcha
or doing good guys these turrets are
little nuts hope there's a laser man
fuck it just blind with you yeah I like
it I like that strategy
no one gets smushed by the shuttle
all right let's go oh no oh oh go help
him go ahead it's too late oh yeah I
thought he was he was dead I thought he
was dead I thought he was dead
I'm so sorry Nova I'm a jerk I thought
you were dead
I cover I could have revived you though
I could have revived you I thought it
wasn't too late
rich you left him to die I couldn't get
out of the shuttle every man left the
light it's for democracy Nova you did
you died for democracy that's great
let's do that again you undo it straight
let's hear the next level up it's Ryan
unless one is there another section in
the media mirrors it I don't know is
there a mission two or three yeah yeah
yeah there's missing two and three
they're chat saying rich you were an
embarrassment to the Marine Corps you
are yeah yeah rich gets the medal of
cowardice alright let's let's select our
mission Jack okay
retaliatory strike two
let's go all right lemonade oh oh look
at this this is just kill everyone that
sounds fun
great let's do it let's kill everyone
I had I hit the confirm button in time I
did it I did it I'm a big boy yeah
okay we can do this
yeah you know what I got it
you got
Oh fucker
it was my own turret that got me oh not
again
no no I you know what I died trying to
save him this time yeah yep yep I'll get
you back I paid for my earlier cowardice
with my life oh I got hit by the turret
the second I get out of the pond get its
back ribs let's clear out some of the
chapter right wherever we go all right
okay they're not to turrets sure why not
do we want to
I would say I want to boil your throw
down at earthen because I am a madman
and I'm dropping ammo which I need one
shit no good no no no no no no shit get
up again come on
all right somebody revive me on it
Oh for fuck's sake I I'm dead already
I got lasered Jesus Christ that turret
our turret sucks our turn just sucks
yeah mine too it's alright just survive
just survive oh oh just stay close to
that turret rich is a burden and a
coward you know kind of catch is kind of
okay
to stay alive no no no rich bullet
sponge Evans hey I kept dropping down in
front of them turret okay
we came close how's it going ahead this
is does engage do it again let's do it
again we got it we got it all right back
in I'm not as tough when I'm not killing
babies in dead space
all right here we go we got this we can
do this and I believe in us I believe in
democracy
what are you throwing down machine gun
rock I'm not I'm not fucking around with
turrets I'm not I'm not doing that right
die motherfucker die
you know what what some anticipation mo
it's probably good idea
again thank you no problem no problem
sweet Jesus
which I jack
oh my my bullets thank you
yeah
I'm just gonna hang close to this turret
and so I can try to follow its movement
that's my plan
it's my turret strategy I know how to
stay out of the range of our own guns
that's important
hahaha the guy up huh wait wait wait
Oh No yeah that did your wives so run
along that's a lot
oh man our turrets doing more damage to
us than the enemies I think they're
helping sure don't try without let's try
I think we're doing better I think we're
getting killed Barone turret sure
president look we'll see I look over at
the chat don't guess I'm considerate no
all right let's try again no turrets
fight so efficient he's doing something
he's probably yelling oh no he left he's
probably gonna yell that by his wife yes
let's be honest he's just left you can't
talk to people microphone you're so d
years old oh so if you're not using your
turret you can change your turret to
something else oh yes I'm fine for now
yeah you know the air strikes are pretty
localized so I'm hoping they'll they'll
do less damage to us okay
smart idea
oh fuck did you get killed by arms you
killed my own Supply Drop I'm on it
great start great start great start Oh
God and we're getting overwhelmed
because I'm dead oh I've ruined
everything again pretty much this is my
life
great that's a good plan all right I'm
calling in a mo a head of time I gotta
reload
die motherfucker die you so crazy
I'm covering I'm covering all my time
okay okay gotta grab that em off I'm
reloading I can't do anything okay okay
I gotta reload this machine
ah that was quick huh I got him
through the area first oh I don't got
almost I thought we're doing pretty good
there
oh wait wait well oh my god yes
ah forget it just run Jack run run I'm
run
you got this Jack give it no no you
don't you don't get anything oh my god
how we feel about this you want to give
this one we're trying all right all
right one more Drive no that was me
what what what should we adjust
strategy-wise what's the deal what's dil
I I think we need to accept turrets into
our lives okay but when someone drops
the turret everyone just kind of stayed
close to it so we can keep an eye on it
ir our problem is we're not paying
attention to each other's turrets okay
okay oh that's me sorry I need avenues
you press a that's my official stratagem
asking if I'd buy this on Steam and have
two controllers can my buddy and me both
play on my PC that's what we're doing
right now
Chet's you can do that yeah it's great
rich can't level up because what on my
account button I think I can use the
things you've loved them though yeah I
think I just mirror whatever you are I
all on I'm getting my turret back here
but yeah this is local and online co-op
and we happen to be playing both local
and online co-op right now which is
great well if you can if you can find us
on Steam and join in go ahead I don't
know how that works obviously other
people oh oh hey all right we're all
having new experiences today well there
you go
yeah so keep an eye on this turret
rich-rich
yeah yeah yeah yeah I got move away to
the turret then I got lasered by some
dude yeah
oh rich did you die yeah okay
just don't stand under me jack oh god
there's robots spawning on top of me oh
good you might kill him like that so
we're gonna come straight up here yeah
sounds fine that sounds fines down there
okay
Maxon helping hands Oh Jack thanks the
helping hand what happened I was on the
ground oh sorry we're not killing us
right not killing it
sweet
yes yes I'm not doing well yeah yeah
right
I got a turd coming in so
no I got it I got I got it the
reinforcements thing I got it out here
you guys come it was fast enough okay
rich it's all up to you yeah yeah I can
see that don't forget about your
grenades
oh-ho God forget it forget it
oh you can reload while sprinting that's
good media Wow
medias right again it would be
incredibly disappointing if if we didn't
end up beating this Nova the Chet the
chap thinks you're a baller which i
think is a good thing I'm not up on my
hip hop the chant thinks that you're
very good at this game at least as
compared to rich and I so it's been
compared death let's do this I think the
world needs more twin-stick shooters
they're my favorite
what you doing on yeah Michigan maybe
yeah I'll drop one fuck it
I got a resupply coming up
shit what happened I was looking at
enemies of a shooting and out of the guy
who was shooting the laser at me I got
you I'm dying a lot I don't know if I'm
cut out for this this mission jack you
can do it right I've done well before
yeah
I've stopped doing well since once again
we're gonna come straight up here while
the turret takes care of all them down
there oh I just did too
it's the more the merrier oh yeah
oh that's fine it's fine everything's
fine
come on okay I got it I got it are you
calling in yeah
reinforcements called
if they're ready to get there get there
get there nice Wow alright
reinforcements aren't cool down okay I'm
coming I'm coming due it's probably wise
we're about to find out
oh good good placement good placement
well I'm gonna drop a turret
yeah Jack if you can do reinforcements
I got blocked off but can you send
reinforcements okay come in they're
coming yeah they're coming
okay watch out for this turd still here
Oh son of a bitch
oh fuck
yeah we all still alive
yep yeah I'm dropping another tour
get up get up no no no I'm down for it
alright alright come on go quick
go quick oh shit shit shit shit shit
shit
Oh rich killed us all rich I want to say
that was our best run yet though what so
what happened what happened rich what
happened was I hit down where I should
have hit all right all right
is that okay oh not really not no it's
not I had a chance I had a chance to
save everybody Richard just got to work
on his fast drop I'm not a quick time
event guy and I never did like your
ddr's or your oh sure sure he's used the
right firm track oh yeah I'm sorry
Ritchie zigs when you should have zagged
yeah yeah these two clowns are holding
Nova back yeah it's true
we are holding you back now but it's
also it's a fun game to play
alright alright I'll drop the turret
right away
dropping ammo
did I shoot my way dropping turrets I
thought I dropped one already I think I
broke it
I'm dropping another one I think I broke
my own turret
whoa
I had dubbed history right here jacket
low enamel huh your low enamel no I'm
not here to waste bullets rich when a
huge swarm comes and you only shoot one
bullet don't blame me
don't blame me huh huh huh right so many
things you have to keep track of kind of
great Oh fucking turret got me along I
was running away from it I was saying
why thank you
long time
the turret is our friend
the turret is our friend rich yes I
understand that
what is it Oh bet you thought I had you
thought I had you oh that all of us did
that is all of us then it went really
bad really quick what happened I don't
even know what happened I'm interested
in buying this game is any good I'm
enjoying it I'm enjoying this a lot I
would say yeah agreed
obviously we're just a couple hours in
alright we got we got more people we'll
wait to send out that SOS earlier should
we try to get a fourth person oh is that
how do we do that I think that's how I
did it because we accidentally sent out
the SOS and then suddenly two people
joined oh okay let's do that then what
hmm you switch weapons I can upgrade
upgrade stuff okay okay
okay I'll send out an SOS first thing
okay you do that we'll see and we'll see
if we can get a fourth a fourth person
in okay okay and it might just make it a
bigger clusterfuck you know what that's
okay I think we've been okay with the
clusterfuck we get somebody else whose
wife is yelling at them
that's how did it go that's what we need
we need we need we need more domestic
violence on our show
all right now so as I'm sitting on some
ammo
all right I have a turret down turn it
down yeah
which I'll Jack you've written right in
front of my goddamn machine gun I got
you nobody Oh God Wow Wow
shit shit
all right I'm down if someone can get to
me come on all right I'm okay
shit I'm out of amyl worst possible time
I'm reloading
I gotcha I gotcha okay all right I'm
calling for reinforcements do it
dammit oh damn it fuck it are you doing
it well I'm fucking up doing it again
okay I got it right I got it right okay
good
well three guys dropped on me and I'm
dead yay we did way worse that time how
are you feeling about this mission Nova
you want to try this one again Jack what
yeah let's try to guess right again go
again we're trying again I feel I would
feel bad if we if we left it all right
yeah if we hadn't closed how long do you
have to survive what's the time no 180
we need to kill 180 and and we've most
we've killed is 130 yeah should I stick
with the machine-gun or should I go to a
shotgun this is this is good for that
shotgun okay don't you don't change it
here you you change it in the loadout
screen Oh Oh change it in here
so then where's that breaker what's oh
we got a defender too
let's do it
shotgun specialist right now we're on
the couch for the stream we're just
using a controller though I would like
to use a mouse for this I think yeah I'm
laying down a turret drop an ammo and
lay it down over here
should I drop another turret yeah
dropping here right right
and I just killed myself I wanted to be
near the turret I successfully revived
people this time thank you
for change of pace you know oh yeah yeah
oh my god
what fudges
Jack what are you doing all the way over
there he was sniping our turret
wait rich go out lower Oh
you got I got him
turn around
I got big guns coming in alright my
torts on cooldown
what happened did we fall off the edge
can you fall off the edge is that a
thing you can do
jack you gotta save as' I can't my time
cooldown right now I didn't even know
you could run off just live
nope nope nope nope okay no you're good
nope nope nope nope fuck it fuck it
let's go let's do it let's do it yeah oh
no I mean let's one more time one more
time one more time one more time again a
different mission and then we're gonna
do a different mission and then we need
a different mission remember Jack for
democracy for democracy do it for fights
with fish and his wife wife or
girlfriend or whoever it was that was
yelling it in and poor man
yeah I know
the side we can't fall off of okay yeah
that might be wise I'm dropping the
turret I'm putting it right up here
perfect
dropping mo
and dropping that machine gun so we have
another pickup in case we were on a
family things are desperate and it fell
on me my mom because everything is
clustered in this corner and that was
kind of dumb call me and call me in
already did I already called in a
reinforcements and I'm I can't go on
another one okay well you'll do better
without me
yes I'm alive
okay
I got it
whatever it's coming right back yeah
good guy Oh Jack you shot me well you
shot me dead jack
you shot me that did I yep all right
let's try something different let's nail
this one
let's win a match sure and then we'll
come back to this okay I think I think
we need to win under our belt yeah
Morales lows yeah in the core absolutely

[Part III]
so while you have an audience of 600 is
there anything you just want plug nope
that's the correct answer
let's try admission three here any
upcoming movies and albums alright
alright so here's the plan we're gonna
drop here go to or oh oh here's the know
if you can see what you're doing I'm not
sure I don't know that we're gonna we're
gonna drop up by the guns go down the
flag here here okay so start we're
starting north then we're heading yeah I
don't know either
we'll find out we're gonna go what are
the guns first that shotgun yeah
what's the defender laughs I don't know
I'm trying to defend her great and I'm
gonna call in an SOS right away we'll go
we'll get a fourth player okay great
rich stop you have killed your teammates
67 times
that last one was Jack damn it he shot
me with it the face with his shotgun as
I was running by I thought he was an
alien to be fair I thought he was an
alien
all right
gotcha
you guys got to be on the yellow side
and uh-oh there's one more there's one
more over here yeah
god I was cooling it was between Thanks
watch out for a drop potato balls is
coming in potato balls potato balls is
in a little potato balls okay so down is
this right I got sprite
okay this thing whatever it is we got to
do a thing here all right we got to
defend
great
something
is that far too hard to hear right
oh shit sorry sir no oh ok defend it I
get it
or maybe I don't know
don't read Oh
yeah we're doing much better huh this is
good for the morale I like this I like
winning doing something I kinda like
this defender yeah
when I picked up something I'm not sure
if I should have when are we are we
ready to move to the next thing I think
we are ready to move to the next thing
that's a left right yep left down in to
the left
he's got it
okay just to the left now oh there it is
yes we're capturing it
all right I need ammo I have an ammo
drop coming oh I just called them
Oh
no problem my fault the first place
oh it's a jetpack on potato balls huh
that seems neat whoa potato balls is
spinning spin potato balls spin alright
next objective to the left
what did you just trap I didn't drop
anything
what I had to the left to the left
oh shit I got him
okay see these things no I don't say
anything cuz I'm shooting a guys see
these things we have to destroy them
back away I'm gonna friggin ate at it
okay which part of
calling the hell bomb okay I got it
you got okay all right third one over
here watch out no but watch out get out
of there
oh and I just died
I got you got me thank you
okay you're gonna activate the hell bomb
and then everybody back away run away
run away run away rich I'm stuck on the
thing did it work did it work lardy okay
I got it
hold on let me see down here I gotta
shoot some guy sure oh we have to help
Bahamas coming now
I'll run to the left right yep sure
what's this lip thing here Wow
what does that ever I never use that Oh
Oh we didn't activate our hell bombs in
time how do you use it
oh and I found Mele oh great I'm
learning all kinds of new things
all right we activating yep
nice okay extraction right and down Jack
Graham beside ammo all right now more
right I got one all right all right Jack
I'm totally buying this game tonight
haha that's fine I think that's
appropriate as that's a very fun game I
can get other people killed in addition
to you thank you
all right come on keep moving guys we're
almost there
grenade out
grenade good grenade I felt good about
that grenade yep
come on guys there it is dropping a
turret
whoo doggie haha heads up turret that's
pretty fuckin badass how do you get one
of those play this game a lot
oh I'm coming for you rich hold on oh I
got turreted watch out you're gonna get
turned into let's just get out of here
this turret potato balls combination
seems to be working rather well anymore
potato balls watch out watch out watch
out
right what we just walked it right in
front of the turgor wasn't shooting at
anybody well you know okay
don't get smushed by the shuttle
well oh yeah nobody's loving me yeah
rich get in we did it alright now that
we got mr. Hulkbuster mm-hmm let's go
back to that one mission let's go back
we got it now yeah cuz we got a fucking
tank man tater balls I'm assuming you
can hear this
you're awesome you have a tank or a tank
man and that's that's a cool thing
thank you for being a tank man potato
balls you just to know that we're
streaming in front of six or seven
hundred people so now everybody knows
you're naked congratulations
congratulations on your nudity viva la
nudity oh did he leave he loved and now
he loves know he loved all right we're
not going back to the one mission
anymore Vlada should we have lost our
tape man we weren't good enough for the
tank man well it's just I'm naked and
then he left
well let's find a different another
different mission then and let's now are
we feeling confident enough to try the
retaliatory strike as potato balls in
the chat huh somebody's saying potato
balls is in the chat No welcome potato
balls did you leave I'm doing it unless
we're trying again whatever you want all
right we're trying it again let's go
let's go all right I thought it was
perhaps enough
I am I have for the record I am naked
from the neck up that's funny yeah it's
not my best yeah it's not my best it's
fine you know what it's fine there's a
potato balls oh nine in the chat well
then there you go
he felt naked without team cover that's
more appropriate
I will try sending the SOS again yes
immediately yep now we got some
confidence some misplaced confidence
that's a
turns out
all right
I got turreted thank you thank you
I got turreted I think that's an
appropriate description absolutely whoa
is that important in this game reloading
stun grenades were great on me
how many grenades do you get to
pick me up pick me up pick me up pick me
up now I'm dead you're dead yeah I'm on
it I just threw them like into the
turret so be careful oh sorry
nice
oh nice
Oh turret
Oh
you know throw turret
I'm reloading every loading
turn it down oh shit jack I'm sitting
you
okay hold on all right all right I got
him are you gonna come I'm sure
ah ah
what happened someone I did I died
all right oh you throw out a grenade
what you throw out a we brought a
grenade you throw out a grenade all
right well okay well obviously it's what
I intended to do obvious ha ha ha ha
hold on I'm itemized got a cool-down Oh
God oh this is all on me that was all on
you
this is all on me okay let's not do this
one again that's that's the plan right
we were so close Jack were we we were so
close I don't you see that yellow bar at
the top I don't think we were close at
all
what do you need to get huh what do you
how many kills do 180 we are 134 134
yeah that was our best one yet oh well
then never mind we're doing a different
mission
all right jack all right I need another
win we're getting back
only the next one that's challenging or
do we go down too easy
no nobody challenging come on go
challenging go challenging okay
I'm not retaliatory strike definitely
not that
okay here we go and then I'll throw out
that SOS thing again yeah yeah yeah
everything about this game is neat I'm
still getting my own copy of this all
right start here at the drop of water go
to the thing hit these guys and then
down to the extras that's right pumpkin
oh wait there's two extraction points no
no no oh no no there it is okay water
droplet thing here okay water droplet
yeah I know one of them was that
I'm gonna throw the SOS thing right away
okay heads up green it's a green planet
be glad not to have to run through snow
okay
okay here we go
oops
shit but I got lasered
you come
Oh
okay we got mission one objective
complete yes
here we go
easton up yep what's up okay looks like
a fall awful thing
okay just defend it great
oh damn it
oh shit I'm in a tight squeeze over here
oh fuck I got it oh you got it okay am I
officially bad at this I mean yeah yeah
but but you know as long as you're
having a good time that's all that
matters I don't want to be bad at this
no I can't imagine you would four more
seconds to okay down into the right
oh nice right here
oh we're getting someone I got a turn um
I got one oh you got one
hi extra X reek welcome
where's it coming from oh oh you can't
fall in the blow-off oh I thought I was
I got confused I thought I was someone
else I got I got him which sucks oh
that's all you know that's the third
time somebody said I've got him in
reference to me and I'm really really
starting to feel bad about myself like
huh okay we got to go straight down and
a little to the left my self-esteem give
me a little bit better what nice Jack
you're out and have no ammo huh
oh shit I'll call an Ambo drop you
calling man with drop great also it's
over - yeah switch over your pistol yeah
I got it
who me back up but from what month
is there another oh there's another one
guys there's another one up here oh this
is stuff unit okay come on I got him
yeah he killed me good
damnit
Shh shit shit shit shit shit it's dead
end running away
I'm running aways an effective strategy
and I approve give me a second guys
cool down almost there
well I got your back
I got you yeah well what we're streaming
on Twitch yeah oh we don't give a shit
yeah fucking curse all you want come on
this way this way oh oh who's that I
might have killed someone you might have
killed me
great okay it's nice to have a deaf and
I'm not possible for my way
all right did we have to defend
something where where is our goal is
this thing here we have to clear the
area I don't think that's ever going to
happen I'm calling out the big gun oh we
got this one okay down in to the left
wait wait wait wait Frankie
okay
fuck it okay just down here it is
oh do we know that's
do we do this one
oh it's this one up here thank you thank
you thank you okay it's this guy up here
guys again come up gotta come up gotta
come up
okay
Oh
Oh
okay got this one all right where we
going where we going down into the left
one more area one more area guys nice
nice
Thank You Sheree strike xray kick strike
oh we missed it it's up here oh there it
is whoa right next to the lava field
science where's that coming from
yeah I had to get it for science oh I'm
coming I'm coming
yeah
Oh what is killing me okay extraction is
up into the right are you dead
yeah yeah don't worry bun just gotta be
done up into the left or up into the
right sorry up into the right oh we
captured the pointer right yeah watch
out X Rankin I want to fall on you okay
this way this way no dammit I'm an idiot
I'm so sick of being an idiot oh my god
there's a
oh oh there's a thing that like yeah
this orange hates you I was that why I
ran off the cliff yeah that explains I
don't feel as dumb yeah yeah that's
what's going on okay
you guys are coming in oh shit we missed
it
oh there it is there it is someone call
that shuttle oh damn it can reverse
controls
okay shadow come in defend
turret coming in
deine not seen
I think I think he's dead he's finally
dead watch out for that turret the
turret is on where's turn it down here
sir it is hot
everybody down you know I kind of like
the friendly fire the friendly fire oh
the fan fires great well and it
emphasizes teamwork you know it makes
you work together else they're just
gonna kill each other I'm switching guns
next round accurate but the range is bad
sure oh okay turret down 18 seconds
shuttle arriving hey we did it everybody
hey congratulations that felt like a
victim yeah yeah what do you say Jack
try hos mission we're just gonna bother
me until we win but I leave it up to you
guys what do you guys think well ya know
now that we have a fourth okay we should
definitely try it oh my god look at X
trike look at how many appointments
sweet there's a lot of point yeah we
need him
great all right have a nice night
bye no we're just gonna spin for a
little bit first spinning really
well now I got a try hold on
Iola hold on oh no oh great
really I think you might be lying to me
about this achievement I hope you are
because that would be great
I have my gun he would shoot me I would
shoot you okay I would put you out of
your misery for embarrassing the
democracy
all right let's let's go you you're an
embarrassment to super and I'm the guy
who dies all the time
how does that work I don't know okay
well maybe maybe I have a things turned
off oh okay well what does this mean
that OS Court resource convoy shit I
have a Power Core do we have to do one
first like to do the escort first okay
you're gonna change your gun yeah okay
great and then I'll drop an SOS right
away yeah
see if we can get us a fourth so you do
have a mic ex Reich Mike I didn't hear
you talking earlier okay just just FYI
we have an audience we're streaming this
yeah this might be a game I can play the
shit out of yeah great oh god what well
they got the convoy thing so we failed
the objective immediately oh my god upon
starting the game well that sucks so
what do we do now
weed we I don't know we do something
else apparently did you shoot things
yeah I think the shield hit it the
minute it came out of that little port
thing that garage whatever whatever this
so does that mean we just lose Frick
that is I think we lost okay well then
let's head um way to the other side of
the map and up a little bit
oh nice we got a science it science it
science fans in the house y'all
yeah okay all the way to the right
straight over to the right right it's
gonna be
down here
but that's it
what what do we do with it oh okay I see
so we have to take this thing and take
it over to the left okay we did it now
we got to get out of here grenade
I was extraction ok extraction is down
and then slightly to the left oh I got
you
right
I shot Thanks all right to the left
stick with Shrike he's our tank man all
right still to the left
are you dick
whoa I hate those fucking Thanks okay
left straight over left
it is I'm gonna lay down a turret
turn it up here
we got to two turrets up here
we got liquid video with us
hello liquid video
older hey got a mic we appreciate that
just just you know we are streaming so
there's 600 eyes watching listening
whatever shit no pressure
all sorts of pressure that's okay that's
good we're all bad here I got you I just
we just started playing today
I think X trikes got a bit more
experience because he seems decent at
the game but
all right we did it
you what you your death inspired us
you're a valuable distraction absolutely
hey I'm the mascot nobody can take that
job for me god damn it
Co mascot yeah I do Co mascot
great great
hi so the so the only one left is that
killed two hundred aliens one what are
you into yeah oh we're doing it all
right we can we're gonna take over this
planet for democracy
you don't understand rich it's for
democracy I'm not even a little bit Oh a
liquid video is upgrading let's let's do
it I don't even know what that means
shotgun
cuz it's gonna be a lot of clothes
clothes ringnecks you know what what the
fender was working good for here yeah I
do it you just do whatever works alright
two hundred enemies this is that rich
we're gonna we're gonna definitely do it
were you definitely are debiting aim for
the center of enemies to do as much
damage as possible
oh that's according to the little thing
on the screen so I shouldn't aim like
behind the enemy don't aim behind the
enemy don't aim at us
alright you should drop a turret yeah
why not
it's gonna be all the way up here great
turn up all right
getting some ammo ready great
no I thank you
don't really know if I'm doing anything
oh I got you killed me with your ammo
get me get me get me get me gotcha
Wow not not killing it here
god damn it I'm down huh I'm down I'm on
it
this is literally my plan I'm just gonna
heal the tank you know what I like that
plan
the other tank we're loading 92 we can
do this this heel gun is where it's at
I'll tell you what
as long as I stay behind into the tank
I'm coming for it thank you thank you
like what like would they go
this is where all those Team Fortress 2
prepared me for this medic was my main
stay behind the heavy guy constantly
heal everyone oh crap crap crap crap oh
oh shit
the barrier yep someone drop a someone
drop a thing
150
just the hill gun yeah
do you want it sure okay
we got this
or I'm terrible of Hilda
get up get up well it looks like
everything's gonna work out fine we can
do it we can do it we can begin we had a
hundred and one hundred sixty-one that's
great that's great we can do it we'll
give it another try agreed
we have the means yep we have the
experience we have duels
well that might be crazy sure I'm like a
little baby at this game I'll do
whatever everyone else wants to do
shotguns not bad yeah
yeah yeah
so don't get too close to the Mack
all right this is a good information to
have that was really important enough
well yeah right behind just don't hide
too far or too close too close behind
somebody drop a turret nope do we want
to turn
the strategy seemed to work pretty well
for his last time freedom delivery and
nice drop an animal behind this case we
should need it okay
that's out like would you watch shrieks
back airing on Jack you gotta you need a
new controllers every now and then
you're right stick it's stuck yeah with
this big machine gun I can't even move
when that happens okay I will get a new
controller
towards ooh work
oh that was quick I got you what I fall
on me Oh
I got you
all the turret got made
thank you
anything
okay hey cool everybody play cool not a
fresh turret fresh turret coming out
well they're also hurtful it's it's a
two-way street with the turret just be
mindful I got
save her tank
Oh someone's attacking our turret an
invisible person is attacking our turret
whoa Wow Wow Wow all right somebody's
got it I need a resurrection house like
he's on it I don't break out in a second
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna resurrect rich
and to one take care of that way first
time because you're resurrecting me I
got you I got you
so we can get rid of that wall yep
here we go here we go here we go stay on
it watch out look good back up
stay on target
Kyle shuttle we're there oh well not yet
all right
just gonna wait for that shirt we can do
it we can do it
I got you
I got you who's got me it's coming let's
go up no you know we have to survive oh
it's the backwards guy alright I'm dead
huh I'm dad currently liquor can you
resurrect great thank you thank you Oh
coming for you liquid
Oh
the invisible guys the invisible guys
got you got okay keep it up and keep it
up
oh crap something just get in the
shuttle
just get in the shuttle I'm in I'm in
I'm going okay you can dropped in that's
great waiting waiting is fun democracy
the chat says get to the choppa get to a
job I I got caught you gonna call let's
go it's calling a time but liquid and
extra thanks for playing with us
that's good yeah yeah I'm just gonna
wait to close out the game yeah I know
okay
I know what you're doing I think I
prematurely said it was all done I mean
it is all done but it's all done but you
you can't get to a screen where you can
leave yet she's gonna awkwardly talk
about how we're gonna leave we're gonna
leave five minutes ago right thank you
for playing yes as you do you do as well
adios still can't leave yet
so can't leave so really trying to get
out of here
how about that football dad well we're
we're so close to being out here okay
whoo we're still it out we're still let
on okay we're getting there we're almost
yes oh that was great fun that was I
like this game IRA this is so this came
out for PlayStation a while back yeah it
was on the Vita and the and the ps4 and
I knew oh and why don't you hand me my
laptop we had a couple of people yep
okay great weight goes down aways oh no
this is all the past ones these all
looks kind of let's see here can you
let's see hello previous record live
would you ever consider contacting Jake
Lloyd and ask him a guest star in a
stream asking for a friend I am NOT Jake
Lloyd we have no way of contacting Jake
Lloyd also I doubt he would want to
write I I have a feeling he hates us and
any association he has with George Lucas
and the prequels absolutely is it ruined
his life
that being said of course if you are
Jake Lloyd anonymous get a hold of us
and come by come Milwaukee and stream
with us it'll be great we don't have a
celebrity hotline are we interested in
Rainbow six is Lord Belmont also just
curious when you're going to play the
seventh gasps - yeah sorry if Jay was
there
guys are awesome Rainbow six is not a
series I have ever played have you ever
played no no we didn't read this okay
leftover BK says glad to be a part of
the been here over a year club oh yeah
oh and DC Universe Online sucks play
some police quest to instead not right
now I mean some time before I'm in a
nursing home Thanks yes we do plan to
play police quest to sometime before
you're dead
maybe we just we just did undertale
which was a voice heavy stream goofy
voice you know right after that also
please my name is Tate says please ask
that guy if that was his mom or
girlfriend yelling at him we need more
information that was definitely his
girlfriend you could hear it in her
voice and the little things she said
that was definitely his girlfriend he
was playing video games and maybe they
live in a small apartment and she was
yeah yeah definitely his girlfriend my
name is Tate narcissus can you hear this
new people oh my god I think we more or
less confirm they could yes
purple space bazooka says hey guys
thanks for streaming I watched recorded
streams at work you guys make my day
tolerable well thank you purple space
bazooka we appreciate the tip
gobbledygook says great episode of brain
of the worst someday you guys should
check out DC Universe Online for the ps4
it's free you fuck sound like Kooks and
I think that's where we left off yeah
thoughts on Mass Effect 2 to me nice
very serious but for the record we do
intend to read the donations as we go
just the way this is set up I couldn't
see them yeah sorry about that
Helldivers was exactly as fun i was
great fun as I thought it right fun
Helldivers and I'm really glad you
wanted to play it it's so fun I don't
know if I'm gonna go home and play
blood-borne or Helldivers that's how fun
it is now you're kind of in the health
Ivor's movie yeah yeah leftover beefcake
13 months in a row telegin 6
18 months in a row earnest conned 13
months in a row octo j7 teen months in a
row I haven't seen octo j-pop up in a
while I know he's been a subscriber I'm
just saying I haven't seen his name pop
up sure weird times I'm gonna be that
guy 13 months in a row lord better mom
this seitan this sytem sure that sounds
right okay Justin hormon 18 months in a
row jeebus
Jeb is crisp you ever wonder what you're
doing with your life besides being very
generous Lucky Strikes 13 months in a
row smelter wedge in all of us 15 months
in a row dr. soya neighs that's a good
KGB ate my bread Timothy Sinclair
one-year-anniversary democracy oh I'm
sorry
democracy there yes democracy democracy
yeah dunk 16 months in a row
omni remix 18 motherfucking months in a
fucking row motherfucker crocodile brain
and 12 months in a row it's it's more
surprising to me that the whole lion
brain crocodile brain thing happened
over a year ago yeah that's great
humberto cabbage badge scoot Mehul 14
month
in a row and aahs Mike thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do and we're really happy
that you could you know find these games
with us Helldivers play Helldivers man
how diverse is fucking grade this is the
greatest trick didn't you didn't you
have some likelike detailed thoughts on
