Jan 4, 2015
Moving Stories, Arkham Asylum
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3674022
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3674290
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3674301
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3674308
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3674316
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0N1hEGi2fo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPmC6UMhioo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YV1_WVjTpc0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1edE10dLzcU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/551851528730865664

[Part I]
I always feel like it's hit oh ok I
could
wait wait okay we want on the only one
off no looks like we're back I'm great
or maybe maybe it's just maybe just my
browser sucks i don't know we're here oh
my god i got to turn my sound off cuz
i'm hearing more than i should we are
here we are heat all right and wouldn't
mute itself but I think I finally got it
too oh great this ain't no this is not
Batman's hi everybody welcome the sunday
night ack f / awesome mega cream we're
gonna do with a quick customary audio
check hey things are on so I was talking
to people in the the chat before we got
going and I yeah yeah I let them know
why we were late that we were filming
the last major space cop same and how
did you feel about that I felt okay
about it they they want to know what its
gonna be done I don't I don't know what
it's gonna be done this is a shitload of
editing and effects that are gonna need
to be done but it's getting there hard
part is the you know getting it in the
can so you know there's some like pickup
shots here in there i know i need to get
out there's one really really small
scene we need to film but we could do
that to spot whenever yeah and i am
tired i am tired uh Jack did not have
time to get up Arkham Asylum ready
downloaded in time because you know
filming what a lot later than we thought
it would it really did but they told me
that the filming you know I didn't even
have any I didn't even have any skin
roll like I I feel it'll be like a
couple minute but oh no you know it's
you should know but I know I know way
better'n all right
I've just adjusted mine and riches
volume so tell me tell me how you feel
about our volumes now I keep on hearing
that that rich yes you loud and I'm too
quiet oh hello my baby hello Pat Allen
hello my rectangle what what wait with
your downloading Arkham now you're
downloading our come out fuck what the
fuck indeed guts going nuts thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it yeah i'm downloading Arkham Asylum
right now and I'm pretty close to being
done but while we wait um I'll just tell
you a little bit about the game we're
gonna play before we before we get crazy
Terry Cavanagh is the guy who made
vvvvvv and super hexagon along with a
bunch of other games that I really enjoy
and he just came out with a new game
that is that you can play for free if
you go to his website Terry Cavanagh
gamescom and it's called moving stories
and here it is I'm actually going to
olin I'm going to adjust the vlog Oh
Donna um so I don't know what this game
is and I don't know anything about it
and we might have dropped the stream
because I don't see it what hey and
we're losing rich everything is terrible
basically still pink stuff what oh my
god Richie just turned into a robot I
don't know I well hey oh hey look what's
new hey rich yeah quintal thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
ok so this is a game called moving
stories and that that's literally all I
know about this game is that Terry
Cavanagh made it and I'm gonna play it
because he made it as far as my voice I
think I think my internet is covered in
snow oh sure yeah okay sorry sorry I
interrupted you because I'm a jerk you I
mean you are we're gonna work we're
working on Rich's internet okay so this
is the cab
ah packed it already fuck what the fuck
indeed Liz 6005 thank you very much for
subscribing avan everyday dildo um ok
let's see what else do we need here oh
we probably need a razor I need a razor
oh this music is very soothing Oh to
have a nice rest yet jack we need the
cat I can't fit the nice dresses anymore
oh hey mittens ok we cannot we cannot
pack the catridge well that's that's
well good well I know that good for you
Oh travel card I don't know what that is
but we need that um to me your plugs Oh
a book you know what often times you
need a book ok ok I don't know because I
don't know and i said no i can't i can't
fit the party clothes to hear mug don't
those thus did I'll tell you this one
that fork and the knife from the top
right corner yeah that seems to useless
to not be like a trick like that's
probably like highly useful ok you know
oh I'm gonna guess that we might want
that that fork and knife sure ok I
packed to the fork and I've oh oh I just
seen it i seen the chat here someone
says someone said back the cat toy first
and then maybe you could that's why i
can't pack the cat toy though I can't we
can't get that cat okay we only have
four spaces left we can fit we can fit
either post-it notes or the family photo
and I fit that ukulele I cannot fit the
ukulele if i get rid of the book
actually we can get rid of mr. or the
fork and the knife i have the fork in
the knife ok we need the fork in the
knife I got r you know what I got rid of
mr. snuggles ok unless you think we'll
need that do you think we'll need mr.
snuggles I have no idea I no idea what
this game is what's going to happen in
this game let's bring mr. snuggles
let's bring mr. snuggles and the family
photo so we have razors a passport
travel card earplugs two suits a book a
fork knife mr. snuggles a family photo
some chocolate a mug and our everyday
dildo okay sonos oh when i clicked ready
everything else went in the trash all
right this is everything somebody told
me we miss a subscriber but I don't see
it we got I don't see that if we did we
can't pack the potted plant we already
checked that okay no we got we had to
subscribers guts going nuts and Liz 600
something and we got both of them I
believe okay okay oh and a new one Morel
burl Maxfield marlborough like the
cigarette Maxfield thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
okay so now it's saying finally got
promoted I'm not going to have much time
for casual wear at my new job power
lunches oh cuz we have the knife and
fork and the suits it's lonely at the
top mr. snuggles okay okay so i think
it's creating a story based on the five
legs back yeah yeah which I kind of like
I'm the everyday dildo is for ten years
of service at my job really know oh and
the dildo and the teddy bear together
says I need these for the main project
in the latest craft monthly
ah this is victory chocolate for when I
become CEO razors I hate summer time
let's see here's they still won't cover
my damned travel costs that's what the
travel card is for the book is called
the virtue of selfishness an old family
photograph my mother worked so hard such
an inspiration okay that's it okay oh my
god thanks for helping me up a god damn
it it's it's not it's close though oh
god here we go all right answer oh oh
hey there's a transport bug oh ok I have
the trash I think I'm gonna take the
trash out is that everything else that
it didn't pack I put in the trash your
go oh why she's throwing her shit off
that's apparently that's what happens oh
here's the dumpster did she put the cat
in the trash no I can't still in the
house throughout every day clothes party
clothes I can't give these to the
charity shop they hate couture got fed
up having it on my suits cat toy oh we
got rid of the cat toy 2000 not the cat
toy right no place for ukuleles in the
boardroom rich okay just one thing left
gonna go somewhere else can I just walk
away not a thing I could do I don't know
I don't think I can no oh wait maybe I
can go over here to the park to our side
do we can do get over here I just walk
into traffic no ha ha ha ha what a
terrible thing that its ass Oh haute
couture Cherie right transport box I can
put the cat in the transport box yes you
can ok the cat is in the transport box
oh there's a knock on the door rich oh
it's so hard to fail Suzie azum what I'd
just want come on die right now Arkham
is is loading not not not because of
that just cuz the long day ice 10 crawl
up and die that's all oh she says hey
boss oh this is this must be our intern
or something thanks so much for offering
to take care of the cat for me oh no
problem so we got it we got some lady to
take care of our cat see you sucker ok
by the way we'll be doing performance
reviews when you're back right oh this
is our this is our employee saying I'll
take care of cat but this this should be
good for my performance review I'm still
waiting for game to start I would love a
game to start but you know listen oh I
must have forgotten to say I'm moving to
a different division now oh that bitch
thanks so much you're such a help our
lady is a bit of a bitch she got this
other lady to help with the promise of
good performance reviews but we don't do
performance reviews for her division
that's right praeis what the fuck indeed
thank you for subscribing haha we very
much appreciate it the story just got
real all right
let's get out of here let's go oh oh
that's my cab okay rich it's time to go
oh good we have our suitcase and we're
leaving I'll take your word for because
I'm watching the Sun delay sure sure Oh
aah game over game over what why what
happened oh what happened wait we got a
new item it said new item and gun little
game just leaving euros what the fuck
what the fuck indeed crocodile brain
hold on which makes a new story every
time you pack maybe hey crocodile brain
thanks for subscribing we very much
appreciate it alright alright Jack let's
try this one more time yeah let's try
this one more time okay the cattle be
okay yeah it's the same set the cab will
be here soon but if i click on my sucio
we do have a handgun now so obviously
we're packing that okay what do we get
out and then let's play it lets up pack
some party clothes well what about what
are the different clothes called there's
party clothes everyday clothes and the
suits all right party clothes yeah dildo
dildo of course done yeah and gun uh cat
can you pack the cat we can't pack the k
if we put the cat in the suitcase it
walks out but we put in walks out it
walks out of the suitcase I the fuck
back
Maximilian dude thank you for
subscribing to what is this game called
again moving adventures um the fancy
dress the handgun no the dildo wait I
want to put in the family portrait and
that's it I have the cat toy if I put
the cat toy in does the cat stay no no
let's leave the best let's leave the cat
out of it let's let's try and make our
own scenario for what she might be up to
ok party clothes dildo gun and what I
don't know uh maybe just that is that a
razor maybe the razors to shave your
legs look guys you know der got the
razor CC if we'll see if we get
something that's entirely different from
what do you want the you and the ukulele
yeah yeah yeah throw the ukulele in
there ok all right let's see it you
wanted to just back that say f
everything else just the ukulele well
know ukulele party clothes dildo oh yeah
yeah okay yeah let's see what happens it
my passport where's my passport as we
need the passport alright alright
alright that's it we got the passport
everything else alright this is
everything I just broke up with brad
says the particles I hope he's still fit
this ukulele it will be a great way to
make new friends let's see here oh the
everyday dildo it was Brad's favorite oh
she still hates summertime rich
okay what does the gun say gonna try
chatting up that cute guy down at the
firing range oh ok that's it I I was
hoping she would want to kill brad that
would be great that's that's what I was
going for but all right all right thanks
for helping me pack see what happens now
that is how about haha alright next time
business suit gun and passport oh I
think we need to take out the trash okay
we need to take out the trash to kind of
make the next thing happen right yeah
let's trash everyday clothes Brad got
more mileage out of these than I did
what Brad a crossdresser that's the
implication no more going to this to his
shitty work dinners oh this is all about
this is all da brand those were Brad
suits this time yep oh my god the
earplugs say I couldn't stand to hear
him grunting during sex cooking for two
we're throwing away that book so this is
just a breakup story oh and we're
keeping the chocolate let's see if we
can get assassin with business suits gun
and passport okay just one thing left
well let me have to leave the plan I
like that I like this
nearly row nearly ready to go where you
have to get her cat I'm your cat in your
cat care okay ooh there's a knock at the
door oh it's Brad oh no or it's a guy oh
yeah it's in his bread oh no Brad hey
hey kitty kitty take a dead cat get out
of my wife pretty much okay bye he did
he just took the cat and left what a
dick that brand is oh I'm so glad he's
out of our lives she just says bye i
guess oh that's my cab it's time to go
and game over this is so weird i love it
new item unlocked a bottle of urine rich
let me read that again new item unlocked
bottle of urine I heard I heard well I
know all those been that medical test
sure pregnant thing oh ok the cab will
be here soon ok so you want gun a gun
business suit and the passport oh thank
you I just want to try and get
assassination gun business suit passport
and that's it yeah sure ok let's see
what happens all right this is
everything time for my next covert
operation which you're brilliant this is
a no this isn't my real name it's not
even my fake name thanks for helping me
pack all right let's take the rubbish
out oh my god this is brilliant I can't
wait to see who comes to her door right
this could get it like this could get
really exciting ok let's trash spot oh
and everything is says spine out spy
dildos by knife by mug we should have
you know what we should have brought our
spinal though we weren't thinking always
pack the dildo that's the rule spy
ukulele one final matter to deal with oh
and like the music is all spy II now spy
bottle of your spy Hogan ok we gotta
pack the cat out just stop I'm sorry
kitty you know too much oh my god i just
killed it did you kill the
haha how this game is awesome now that
was great okay rich we just unlocked a
new item the severed hand nice what
first of all right so no one even came
to pick me up I clicked on the cat box
and and all of a sudden she just went
over to the cat said sorry you know too
much all right we should get this stuff
to pack thanks for so much for coming to
help me pack the cab will be here soon
okay so we have a severed hand uh-huh
which we need to pack and we should also
pack the bottle of urine right this is
all you this is all you okay that
nothing everyday dildo severed hand
bottle of urine razors and the fork and
knife this is sunflower fit in there no
the sunflower were not fit fit in any
gym no it's it's it's just two it's two
squares too large what alright I'm talk
Oh spy bottle of urine thank you for
subscribing oh that's a great name we
very much appreciate it um ah let's see
here what else do we need oh and
earplugs we probably need some earplugs
and
and and mr. snuggles right oh and
apparently we just always need that
passports or end the passport ready all
right this is everything I just broke up
with we'll just got the shirt on my back
now I think I can work out one naked
washing day a week at least I have you
mr. snuggles I'll always have mr.
snuggles I'm not bringing any clothes am
i letting myself go a little well
whatever I need these for the main
project in the latest craft monthly
right uh-huh it severed hand huh where
did I put the rest I hate summer time
right ah this is a lame one yeah bottle
of urine he let me keep this to remember
him by it's nice to pardon okay that's
it Oh another it's rubbish all right we
need to get weirder apparently about
nothing just pack nothing yeah maybe not
even the passport if it will let you and
then would you think I'll just stay or
or just yeah yeah are we could do just
the passport maybe she's like going with
nothing sure I don't know I don't know I
just threw away the gun perfectly good
gun
Oh apparently we always keep the
chocolate hi this is a boring one yeah
sorry everybody I mean after you kill a
cat though we need one just to kind of
even things out a little bit ok Oh Babel
box for the cat so somebody says dildo
in a severed hand hahahahaha yes that
might be a good one too oh I think this
is well lure lure gonzo says that yeah
give him credit the that german dude is
asking what my snack is tonight i am
having half a bottle of red wine well
thought you're gonna say half a urine oh
you're gonna get it oh well ok whilst
taking our cats all the best in your new
place thanks you too sucka
hope there's my cab all right
get out of here let's see what and you
know what we should see what else we
unlocked yeah oh we didn't unlock
anything oh okay all right now we're
gonna try some new stuff here thanks for
help me pack what do we what do we think
oh I know I leave it up to you my
options are either our dildo got longer
are dildoing the fuck what the fucking
deeds a powers thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it our everyday
dildo now takes up three spaces and I
want to say it before it's only took up
to all right I think there's I think
there's something to this game i think
the dildo because he's going back that
dildo jack well notice this well cuz
that's what we want we want the dildo in
the severed hand I sure oh it says we
need our pants for Hollen let's see what
happens if we just do nothing Oh if you
want to I'd does something I threw
everything else out ok now I can be one
with nature oh my god and she's naked
Yoshi haha she just gets naked and
leaves he was kind of great hahaha great
Terry Cavanagh only that man could make
a game about packing is so enticing she
just she's gonna get naked and run out
ah that is kind of peyton's get some
gold with nothing that was great we got
some pixel boobs all right let's what
are we trying now oh my god well we
could either drill in the hand or maybe
just the passport okay Ritchie she goes
somewhere else naked rich the dildo now
takes up four spots
really yes the dildo is comically large
okay okay so wait what was your idea
just the deal out oh I want to use the
dildo before it gets too big to taking
you back okay so just the dildo dildo on
the severed hand a severed hand in the
Pat well we need the passport or
possibly also the fork and knife but
dildos severed hand passport okay oh my
god alright this is everything I just
broke up with Jim oh we got to stop put
that dildo in their it leads to break up
stories right yeah this is just the this
we've already gotten this breakup story
we got it we got to stop putting that
dildo in their said no woman ever hey
now on it scrub first of all this dildo
is getting comically large oh oh by the
way look the the the season has changed
we are now in fall I are this okay we
know all this stuff I'm just clicking
past all this this is not a fun one I've
bottle of urine I don't remember if it
was hammer his or mine listen I know
some women prefer vibrators but we don't
know if this is a vibrating dildo we're
not making judgments go to the plant
next time instead of the garbage can oh
sorry sorry miss that I went to the
plant earlier and it said I couldn't
pack it I just needed to leave it
ever barring can i pick up these leaves
no can I walk into the street over here
no okay I think they're saying instead
of going to the garbage can go to the
sunflower after iPad or nah i went to
the sunflower like I can go to the
sunflower now and it says I can't fit
the plants I hope the new tenant takes
care of it after you pack maybe we'll
try it okay I'll put in the cat in a box
now you just gotta get through this one
yeah you can't the everyday dildo gets
bigger every day I know oh here's Jim we
have a very specific taste in men by the
way rich they all look alike here kitty
kitty he's gonna take the kitty okay but
the kid I can't put the cat in the
suitcase it just runs away hey by they
say put the toy in the suitcase not the
cat I've done I've done bone Oh put the
cat I don't like I don't think we've
yeah I don't think we've ever had one
where we just left the captain boy in
their bows ok there's my cab which I
guess try yes do I mean I still
downloading
done downloading but now I just I'm into
this game a little bit so we're gonna
yeah when you do this little arse at
least interesting yeah all right we
should get this stuff packed oh my god
rich the dildo is one now for by two
it's huge this is now it like this is
becoming a dangerous dildo I think
that's their way of letting you know
you're using it too much that's not
everyday dildo no that is not a menace
special occasions only okay what do we
want to do now what do we want don't
don't know in urine no no I think I
think you're right i think we need to
not take the dildo just just the
passport guess the passport just the
passport i'm in candy and a candy bar
passport in chocolate that's it we
wanted for the trick can you take the
trash can oh my god rich that's
brilliant ola no we can't take the trash
can but good thinking okay so just the
passport and chocolate all right oh good
so we're gonna try all right this is
everything oh no it's another breakup
story utz oh this is lame how do we just
start over there's no option to skip out
everything yeah and if I go if I go to
the plant it just says the same thing
with the plan yeah I have to take out
the trash again all right okay hey
listen we tried sometimes we try Richard
yeah and what do we do when we yeah we
pick ourselves up chat cells to pack the
cab put it in the bag and immediately
hit Eddie okay i just tested okay well
we got it we gotta pack the cat yeah
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo let's just call this
break up stories well that's yeah i
should somebody saying you get break up
stories if you put too little okay i
know i don't know if they're speaking
from experience or just theory but well
you know it's i think that's like the
generic like you didn't unlock anything
new stuff ryan like that's fine yeah
nearly ready to go you know I have to
get the damn can out of here rich I rock
can I say Boop um boob oh there you go
glad to make a day Oh break up story
time it's gonna take a cab maybe you
should maybe we should stop dating men
that looks so much like they just break
our hearts written okay let's get out of
here there's our cab
aim / all right gluing sorry is right we
should get this stuff back how big is
the dildo now oh my god our everyday
dildo is now five by two basic everyday
dildo is bigger than the our everyday
the dildo could fuck the trash can okay
so we're just gonna try to get the cat
in there and hit ready right away ready
Oh nope cats outside how well we put all
the things I don't know put other things
in there too with the cat I don't I
don't know somebody wants me to sing the
what what what song I think they're
talking about the the Mr. Plinkett
Christmas yeah no thing yep what wad
what what lon what what what what what
what order one what would what would
what would what would what would what
what would 1111 wat wat wat wat wat wat
good so oh my groin oh my groin oh my
groin oh my groin oh my groin
oh my groin oh my groin oh my groin
I grind
oh I cry I I wanted to do another one
this year but we never did it I wanted
to do my god shaved my balls my god
shave my balls and I think he use a
rosti razor and I think he used rusty
razor her what what size not it out oh
please not a cat shave my groin bossed
my cat shaved my balls my god shave my
balls okay I see someone in the chat say
we should pack fork knife severed hand
okay ready oh I like that combo and pad
apparently we need our passport to fork
knife severed hand go all right this is
everything what the fuck marsupial thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it oh I just broke up with
you yeah gak no oh it's another breakup
story thanks for helping me pack now
it's just another damn breakup story
gonna go to the cat oh if you present at
it birds maybe with more things in the
bag maybe we're just not putting enough
in there like put some clothes in there
too maybe won't what would a cannibal
where but every day goes okay so
everyday clothes fork knife hand along
your chart we're trashing right now we
have to get through it I don't I can't
sing our love is in love because I don't
remember how it goes
there was a lot of demand for a
standalone version of our lavas and love
and we will do it everyone I have the
files Jay has the files keeping the
chocolate don't even REM Bracco's your
love is hot my love is lovely your love
is hot my love is lovely and I love you
Bruno hasn't known gay came for feeding
frenzy jay came to me one day and it's
like oh we need a schmaltzy love song
for our main character to play during em
during this bar scene that were filming
can you write a really SH multi love
song I was like oh yeah I probably could
you know he knows I did music and
you know I'm pretty good at working fast
it's like okay great we're filming
tomorrow he goes there the song doesn't
need to be done but we just need like a
basic beat and words so our character
can like sing along and so I wrote that
song in less than six hours you know I i
had the song completely done in less
than six hours our love isn't that's
fantastic I had no idea that was the
case I mean maybe not the next day but
it was it was like one of those things
were his like I only had a couple days
yeah to complete the song so uh our love
is love game and he says he said the one
the one piece of uh the one piece I need
is it needs to say love a lot that's it
hmm easy sale of a lot us okay so i
called it our love isn't love we're so
in love that I love is in love love is
in the atmosphere a lot of vocal
enhancement yeah oh yeah ah so okay bye
i guess we gotta get rid of this breakup
story well here--here's the thing we get
one more break up story we we stopped
this absolutely hold on i would have
brick check on steam oh hey yeah as
you're seeing miss teen uh oh ok Batman
is not done yet Batman is that 60 stop
done yet not done yet I think you said
it was almost done only 65 I thought it
was done it was like well you know what
the oh oh i see i was reading it wrong
there's a low oh god what we can put
there's other games we can play Rick
don't work okay you don't have to we
don't have to play moving stories on on
even though this is lovely
okay what are we trying for the cab will
be here soon oh my god try the cannibal
with more stuff rich bag but look at our
everyday Delta I can't see it yet rich
I'm swimming it's won't even fit in the
bag anymore it's too big to fit in the
baggage it says moving stories by
Stephen and Terry it's a giant Delta
it's so big just a giant penis why would
they do that why are they do TV waiting
is a bit of a penis no and by the way
for anyone asking you cannot rotate any
items to fit them in and I can't I also
cannot move it like I can't move it from
this area can I throw it away okay I've
put it in a garbage let's let's go for
musical career okay ukulele ah party
clothes I don't know we have party
clothes or everyday clothes if we're
going for musical career with probably
own party club sure
coker do we want sip see pink scarf yeah
we want to sure sure why not okay we'll
need some razors we'll need a passport
maybe some earplugs for the other bands
what's that little red thing with like
the wasn't an arrow on it yeah right so
that's the travel card yeah we'll
probably want that what does a travel
card I don't know i can only assume it
helps you travel okay what a travel card
how would your plugs combo with music I
think we so should we get rid of like
the scarf I don't know wait a minute
rich wait a minute okay I have a weird
idea I'm listening getting rid of
everything in the Indian right now ok ok
we have a coffee more ideas yeah coffee
mug and bottle ririn ready shares my
passion slow you don't don't do just
those two things cuz that's been that's
been biting us in the ass ok I regular
clothes come yeren severed hand
everyday clothes boom up urine severed
hand then nor knife and fork and knife
and fork knife 94 ready shit where's my
passport okay apparently we need our
passport okay okay let's let's see what
happens all right this is everything I'm
moving in with sip inks with who that's
the name that's like the randomly
generated name of our boyfriend is a
Pink's Oh wonder where he well this is
kind of different it's not a breakup
story I won't I hope the Pink's won't be
jealous if he finds this it's so hard to
part with some things I don't know why I
have such sentimental attachment to the
jar of urine this is not a cannibal
there has to be a cannibal story in here
somewhere Ryan yeah we have a severed
hand why else would we have a severed
hand I don't know these are getting
boring though agreed well cuz nothing
new is happening we can't figure out the
next piece of the puzzle fearful sludge
boy says rich let the clock run down I'm
not playing the game oh okay well Jack
was playing the night this is a jack
stream this is a Jo yeah sorry this is a
jack stream because of the terrible snow
here in Wisconsin rich couldn't get to
the studio and we haven't fixed his
internet yet some same cookbook maybe
they hain't maybe the book is a cookbook
with the knife in the phone sure that
could be also what happens if we let the
clock run out I can only assume then
we'll just run naked yeah is then
nothing will be packed well we could
give it a shot well we could miss the
plumbing but we got to sit around for
three and a half minutes away for that
packet ahead yeah we you know what
please kill some time I'm sure we have
some stories to tell I'm sure Oh
Oh who is this mom hi I knew you weren't
mature enough to take responsibility for
a cat thanks for helping mom Master twig
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it welcome to moving stories
when I was your age I had three children
yes mom three children and a husband yes
ma'am and my husband had a job thanks
for helping mom okay we get a nagging
mama some different mm-hmm I think she
didn't see my everyday dealt oh I
suppose I'll see you for Christmas then
yes mom thanks so much I only assume the
British what the mom yeah it's kind of a
dead different bum nope that's my test
yes mom yes I've call us mom
okay okay right we should get all the
stuff pack then o our everyday dildo is
now back to normal size okay the Baltic
okay okay what are we trying to do for
cannibal hand look book my fork knife
fork ready shit where's my passport ah
and okay ready alright this is
everything I just broke up with no guys
ah come on we're done we're done we got
another breakup story we're done I'll do
you have a closed anything and no I did
you look close in or anything okay all
right but I think that was your mistake
jack you think I have to put closing
yeah everybody keeps saying in the chat
that if you don't put enough in there
you get a break up story
alright one more shot one more shot i'll
put closing alright one more shot I want
to get I want to get this cannibal thing
because I'm sure that's cool don dohler
thank you for subscribing your movies
are terrible now that there is a
longtime viewer yeah yes absolutely you
know it's his attention yes oh man have
you guys seems that it's fantastic
listen zent don dohler wasn't that don
dohler that was guardian a galaxy
invader gallons invader that's when i
teach tonight peace we saw night beast
in galaxy jesus H Christ okay
oh I gotta get the cat the damn thing I
cat in your thing it in your think at
look at the door oh it's our boyfriend
it out of your boyfriend I don't care
about you honey how many sets of
clothing can you fit in the suitcase I
don't know if I know do we go for
fashion model the party clothes like the
scarf one of the other dresses if it'll
fit tariff yeah I mean why not
okay Campbell be here soon suitcase all
right so what are we trying far close
okay so party closing everyday clothes
fill up the suitcase completely look at
those should we try that well loving let
me add super picture cuz i'm lagging
behind I sure what clothes pretty close
and what and everyday clothes let's just
see what happens okay the suitcase is
full Oh what about my past farm where's
my passport stop the average clothes cuz
a fashion model might not wear everyday
clothes your fancy okay just maybe one
suit do the business suits fit any of
the businesses oh oh I can fit both
business suits and I still have more
room for stuff do we have room for that
scarf that's close no well and the scarf
is our X car fighters like boyfriend
scarves we cannot fit the scarf that
might not be blood French Guards in a
different context you know it is it's
Rick this scarf i'm picking it up right
now I could tie Ric ich6 scarf what does
that mean that's his you know that's a
name that's his name how do you know
that cuz the names get weird every time
it's this is the this is the
ex-boyfriend scarf I could get rid of a
suit at the scarf pocket I don't want me
to do that I'll sort razor if your model
razor she got to look pretty ok let's
try what about our travel card and
travel card or a book a Travelcard
travel card racer babakov razor and I
have one more little square so I could
fit either I could fit the earplugs or
the severed hand your plugs or a fork or
a knife your call
we're going for fucking fashion model
we're gonna do it we're gonna do it I'm
just maybe the book no I can't fit the
book I'd have to take out the travel
card to put put in the book 300 you only
got the one I'll have one square has the
book is text fine all right that's it yo
okay let's see what happens right this
is everything I just broke up with Rick
r XX oh really then another hipster
break up stories fuck this game yeah not
fuck this game is this a free it's a
free game and you know we had some fun
with it yeah yeah I do I like I want
something else
I just I want not break off store yeah
you know what I agree with everyone
we're turning off me but still a fun
experience for for a game that you can
play for free the hours worth of
gameplay we got out of it was worth it
for me well what's our eta on Arkham I
don't know i'll i will check do you have
to do do do a lot i'm thrown everything
out I least wanna you know end the game
legitimately all right all right 222222
okay just one thing left to do
okay nope
put the cat in the box yeah your Kent Oh
someone's at the door it's redic 6rx
boyfriend his name is Rick six hey hey
yeah out of here that's how changes uh
yeah no I don't think cats are would do
anything we can't get the cat can't just
goes or stays it's a breakup story the
cat goes I think the cat always goes I
think that's part of the thing we didn't
you never tried packet the toy good
night that once no I don't know that I
care enough to see what happens if you
do are you here about that jay is is
that Jane yeah he's got a reminder it's
jay read Little Jane what the hell is
this well jaysus thing where you pack a
suitcase and your boyfriend breaks up
with you over and over again this it's a
game called moving stories and you have
to pack different things and it tells
you different stories apparently but we
keep getting the same story but ninety
ninety percent of the stories you get
our I broke up with my boyfriend but
look you get a pink dildo though it's a
winner okay I'm packing the cat toy just
get I'm just packing the cat good still
doing this okay okay well you tell me to
pack the goddamn cat toy and packing the
cat toy the cat toy the family portrait
the everyday clothes and the gun now get
rid of that dildo ever that's huh we're
at eighty-three percent you get you you
you get rid of that dildo I'm just
walking away and I throw myself in the
dumpster
we're out the bins I'm walking into
traffic gonna click on a car nope didn't
work what do I just wait out here for a
while well my characters start crying i
I don't I don't I'm gonna stop lying
again this is what I'm gonna do right
wanna stop like yeah that's good you
guys sounds good swatches for a little
bit when I stopped playing the game and
I'm gonna get a big glass of water cuz
this wine it's making me dry ah it's all
bareback uh which that's asking me to
think of something I have no control
here absolutely zero control where we
are at the beck and call of jack tonight
it's true I know he's broken up
boyfriend six times I I'm gonna go get a
big thing I want to rich entertain
everyone from I can't play x come i'm at
my house with shit internet it's all in
jax hands there's gonna be no x comma
I'm sorry I wouldn't mind doing XCOM
would not mind that at all but oh man oh
man so how's everybody doing everybody
having a fine evening well I've sit here
filling time I hate it when people do
this to me it's like I got nothing to
talk about I got no game to play I'm
just sitting here I am just sitting here
I sung for you earlier I can't do that
again singing is out the window I'll
just sit here quietly will sit we'll all
sit here quietly and we'll wait for Jack
to get back so something can happen on
the screen anything can happen anything
happening would be nice now nothing is
happening and this is just this is just
terrible rich are you real I think so I
weren't real you wouldn't be hearing me
talk so so yes I think you'll all be
happy to know with my obsession with
death runs ah I did I did pull off a far
cry 3 blood dragon no death run for
happy about that yeah oh you're back you
were there the whole time just letting
me sweat it out Jack I know I know I
know that about you I got something I
got some water
all right go look up we don't have long
don't have very long it up come asylum
okay what do we got the segaki yeah
that's we got it simple um I have one
other thing that I was gonna play
browser because we can't play anything
in steam the other thing or a loot stops
the download ooh find my jingle jingle
jambul medieval I mean it obviously I
don't think we'll be anywhere near as
exciting as moving the storm right this
is richie on me perfect and that was a
gen yon it was just perfect timing yeah
well i was and i like that uh I can hear
I am somebody somebody wants me to not
talk for a minute so they can get a
bingo jack does that make any sense with
a bingo bingo well I'm I'm you know what
a big me wants to believe part of me
wants to believe that the chat has
created some kind of previously recorded
bingo game we're based on what happens
in the chat oh no you get like a number
that would be great if that that's true
so okay what would be on the previously
recorded bingo obviously rich large
brings up mass effect starting late so
they got really somebody says crocodile
brain somebody says crying I mean we
haven't said the lion brain what we just
did oh wow that count if somebody can
the bingo we will we will totally
fuck it up for you well we can we can't
look at it or else hacking a hack and a
half bingo how to play somebody sent me
a link right here oh my god
visit half and a half bingo and print
out one copy of this game card for each
player refreshing the page before each
print or have the players print their
own bingo cards he has to the website i
guess it's randomized oh these
instructions will not be printed you can
also select a embeddable card only
version of the game or a multiple card

[Part II]
yeah this is too much for me too uh
gonna jibber for a little bit while we
wait for Arkham Asylum which is now at
96% Oh God what do we know so is is
there anything to do bro oh you know
what I wanted to talk about
I been watching this show on Netflix
called broadchurch broadchurch okay and
it is a lovely detective story and I
really like detective stone and it's
stars David Tennant who many people know
as Doctor Who and it's a little 8
episode BBC series you know BBC does
that a lot well they'll just have an 8
episode series and that'll be it yeah
not an ongoing hippity jus just just
eight eight episodes of a nice detective
and it's so far it's been lovely okay
this characters you know nice characters
misted good mystery it's a murder
mystery a slight supernatural element
very nice i I can't comment on that at
all
alright alright
you can't comment okay that your fault I
haven't seen the show
oh they're saying I can change that
stream that steam setting oh I can play
steaming and I know you can oh that's
nice I like that I'm going to settings
right now hey guys we're gonna play a
game called Jack changes his steam
settings let's welcome Jack change his
system settings who down
this is not much point now I mean that
games gonna be done any second we are at
98%
oh yes allowed downloads during gameplay
oh there's a little thing too so we've
we've learned something really great
today and download and play Steam games
I have not seen black c'mere is that uh
I bet it didn't know cuz I liked it oh
you know what I'm gonna grab I'm gonna
grab Mike you can play this game with a
controller yeah oh yeah oh yeah I'd
probably recommend it really okay I'm
just gonna back
yeah well that was exciting
I'm really glad you're all here for Oh
everyone saw my vine they hopefully ever
didn't like I still have like I can
imagine there's blue wall on my shirt
because literally like a ring home it
started district I I was able to not get
any slop on me at work today it was
cutter kind of nice kind of nice yeah we
we had some fun filming what he had some
fun filming this yeah today was a good
day
it's exciting to almost be done it'll be
better once he stops flogging his
bandwidth that's true as soon as I'm
done downloading oh my god I'm done down
oh it's about fucking time
Jesus jesus H Christ on a popsicle stick
what what popsicle stick really all
right I am an atheist I don't know these
Bible things no there are plenty of
obstacles yeah okay he did something
with a Bible stick right Jesus didn't
happen he didn't many things he didn't
many things with a popsicle stick
Danny like walk on popsicle sticks that
happen okay okay examined
all these things happened in rich and
more okay for those completely once
again complaining about my noise gate I
have disabled my noise gate and now you
might hear a hum but it doesn't matter
because I'm gonna play Batman I just
somebody somebody wants me to insult
Wisconsin so he can win it as bingo you
know that would be a hollow victory if I
did it just for that reason
no no I'm not gonna I might if I just
feel like it played into it you know
yeah it has to come naturally rich
don't let him don't don't let them peer
pressure you right exactly exactly into
uh playing the game unfairly I know my
guys I am getting Batman Arkham Asylum
okay we are we are setting up performing
first time set up and Chad I'm not
making fun of Christianity I'm I'm
making fun of how little I know about it
okay big difference big difference
settle settle down so the I rule it's
not the way there oh that's very your
car your car does not have heat that's
right yeah the weather too you know you
know what bothers me most about driving
in Wisconsin this semi this is our first
big snowfall and you know everyone
complains about other drivers during the
first couple of snowfalls but I you know
like it's it's you should drive slower
when there's snow on the road and
everyone's like I like they had never
driven in snow before it's like that's
not the point you're supposed to drive
slower oh yeah yeah maybe you should
settle down especially my car and my car
drives like shit no okay come here I
finally found that bingo link and I live
in Wisconsin so that's not a good thing
okay please wait while Windows
configures Microsoft Visual C++
exciting exciting things are happening
Batman is gonna happen still waiting on
it's kind of it's coming it's right oh
wait not two seconds rich it says her
time remaining two seconds all right all
right I'm so excited to play Batman I've
heard nothing but good things about this
game you know what I've been replaying
recently what is Twilight Princess
yeah it's fine game fine game really
I forgot how she's pretty pretty damn
fine game actually yeah it's it's a fine
game I forgot how top-heavy it was with
the story there is so much fuckin texts
and cutscenes in the first you know four
hours of the game that's goddamn it I
just want to put end and then you don't
even get to play as link for a while
because they turn into a wolf and so
it's like I just want to I just want to
wear the green thing and swing a sword
for a little bit it's alright it's
alright but you know what it's it's a
lovely game the someone was asking about
motion controls and I mentioned a bad
game like a couple weeks ago and so I
was like oh oh I'll take I'll take the
the GameCube version of that I don't I
don't I don't really like the motion
controls oh no you know I think it's
really nice cuz obviously like it just
uses a flick of the Wemo to flick your
sword yeah yeah I don't I don't feel
like it adds anything to the experience
that could be hold on I am it makes the
controls less tight I have to do some
quick display settings here to just make
sure it runs smoothly I'm going medium
detail level I want to let everyone know
that I don't have as baller a computer
as rich has and so I need to go to
medium detail level action controls what
lumen controls every every time somebody
asked me a question on the chat now I
think they're just trying to get
something for their bingo game now quite
possible rich I can't answer questions
check check check questions are done now
I can't I can't do it more oh they just
they just put a cheat at bingo oh hold
on no I'm not you should hold on maybe
we have to get rid of these Nvidia
cutscenes I'm Batman is on my screen but
you guys aren't seeing you know alt tab
alt tabbed open broadcaster
that's why okay now you're gonna see
Batman
I assume what I will Batman how's those
how's the loudness of Batman you guys
are you guys freaking out over the
loudness a Batman
his bat suit has rivets in it that's
pretty cool that make sense
I I like the bad suit in the first two
gauge along the darkened Batman logo
picture devotion I still don't see
anything by the way
let's see anyone game you should see it
now I don't know where you oh I had to
close my extreme window oh I see black
screen oh great yeah now you see now I
see it alright we're good
I hold on I'm adjusting my brightness
setting so I barely see the Batman okay
Oh difficulty level here it is rich go
normal don't go crazy I'm not going
crazy this game supports autosave and
this is what I don't think you unlock
hard and so you beat the game right or
said super hard whatever that McGill a
big deal hey solid baked thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it now that we
finally got into Batman
okay here we are it's okay it's
happening okay
the Batman inning is happening okay I
accept but I'm gonna see if cutscene
okay accent are you going to watch it is
the question watching it this is my
first time playing the game I'm gonna
play it fully
what I'm listening
the second go I have to make sure that I
don't go for a minute walk yeah okay we
got the Joker in the back got the Joker
in the back of the battle going on time
oh I want to turn down this music
because it's really loud in here
but
I can't do that
no Jack is not gonna do the bail Batman
voice because you know why I want to
enjoy a good
game audion was kind of loud okay love
what you've done with the place
that's Walden shop to you both yo
Frankie how's the wife and kids you miss
me and clown a lot of people you really
want to talk to you not so tight boys
you'll crease the suit filthy degenerate
out of here
warden something's not right I'm going
with him
No Commissioner Gordon the short game
slowly so you don't hurt yeah I don't
one just making sure that you guys are
seen I got I got some wait just just
just drop there it is it should be back
on now should be noting video loading
video Oh some people got some bingos
screen I get it alright good
you know what that's fine the cheaper oh
my god I'm so glad J played blood check
for the for the New Year's Day stream
the only thing I worry about without
this we might not be able to use it for
best of the worst now I don't know blood
check Y a great one for best of the
worst
you know we've already let it slip our
or shoot in the rodeo I just think
people need to see that in general is
the thing okay blood Jack is brilliant
okay resume
I turned the audio
okay so basic you know move with the
left stick camera controls with the
right stick game options invert look yes
oh god yes and invert flight I can only
assume yeah yeah i i'm with rich where
like you're flying a plane you pulled
back sir binding says i need to brag
about my new computer in order to make a
bingo okay i don't know i don't know
when you want to say your bingo game
starts but before the actual stream i
was talking about looking forward to how
nice it was going to run dishonored well
i think it only counts in stream not in
chat not in chat my favorite i'm gonna
you know i don't know the rules my new
computer was really nice you get a
freebie I just gave you a freebie merry
fucking Christmas
hey oh by the way if anyone knows you
know what rich needs to look into is
some cases some carrying cases and
traveling cases for his tower yeah as we
will he'll be bringing it to the studio
often probably damn near every Wednesday
I like the opening this game late you
just just kind of walk around with the
Joker yeah it's a nice slow intro no
Harriet Turk I love it the credits you
know it's weird it's it's weird seeing
with this joker with Mark Hamill's you
know not it's not the Joker I'm used to
with his voice but it's fine I guess I'm
fan enough for these games it seems fine
to me also I know this is for like the
intro cinematic but the fact that Batman
is way on the left side of this really
well you know it's just like that's not
where you're supposed to be you know
like I know people who don't know Mark
Hamill is the Joker oh oh somebody a
chance sounds like they might not have
known Mark Hamill does the voice of the
Joker Batman animated gifs I've missed a
few minor lacerations probably in the
last two hours and is just in general a
noted
you take my temperature
I'd be mark hamill does a lot of voice
work most fing get him out of here for
Joker he's good yeah but he's done Mark
Hamill has done a lot of stuff so by the
way that does not count and a Star Wars
dog that is Mark Hamill talk you did
just say the word Star Wars
that's not start okay did you see that
new episode 7 trailer
ok another freebie another freebie chat
no we didn't talk about it you you asked
and I said I didn't care we didn't talk
about it you just mentioned it wait is
it is it talk about her magic yeah Jack
Jack shot you down ready he shot you
down man
I'm so sorry I tried I tried
Oh killer croc looks great look at
what's it doing that reminds me I really
need to get me some killer croc overall
I do I love that going back some of
these security guards with guns
definitely I thought you know you know
the Joker's got something up your sleeve
would learn to keep that fat mouth of
yours shocked it'll get you into trouble
tell me something you've never let me
catch you this easily what are you
really after no nothing much
hundreds dying in pain and fear all
their meaningless lives in conclusion
probably get used to him yeah I don't
think he really looks that weird it's
pretty standard
what's he doing oh the spotlights on out
so you're back Oh cutscene okay now a
legit cutscene alright yeah Elvis night
Jim good night thanks for coming out
wants to know why they don't just
execute the joke
well technically because he's insane
also because if you've killed off with
the Joker then you lose a great villain
he's dead
well be Eddie Joker now on it's good for
everybody in the DC Universe but in real
life they say people who are clearly
crazy aren't so they can make sure they
stay in jail I mean that's what happened
whenever dumped right he surrendered
almost without obviously he was crazy
but he did not get off I'm insanity
technically technically he did get off
on insanity but he didn't get off the
hook for his crimes for instead
Oh
alert the warden
what are you going home watching okay
let's check all about the talking
the countering will be listen oh yeah
right now teaching me how to punch
people so so far I'm doing pretty good
you'll be doing that a lot that's the
key to combat in this okay I'm looking
for signs besides the big y coming up
all of the enemies basically have the
spider sense
oh yeah whenever you see that that's
when you hit Y okay oh okay that's great
all right I guess I guess technically
that's backseat gaming so no muck went
off on your bingo cards folks I'll find
a way out why is the camera still on the
side of me let him know what's happened
camera in a normal place okay you can
post on trial of course it is
get Batman in the center of the damn
camera this is gonna bother me the whole
game somewhat I don't know cutscene II
kind of area yeah yeah I'm in the
tutorial stage I don't like this though
it just bothers me you know like I don't
know it's fine alright everything's fine
I'm not I'm not hatin it was it was
weird but it didn't bother me when the
game did that I don't think it does it
all the time either so I think you'll be
fine you'll be fine everybody there is a
a run button this is a chat this is Jack
some very first time playing an Arkham
game absolutely yes he has no idea what
he's doing
oh yeah this is me just figuring out how
to play the game Jack does not need to
save this game should save automatically
yeah there's no saving yes Oh get some
coffee I understand I understand you
it's my it's my job to keep the chat
entertained
absolutely I guess what's going on here
do I have unlimited batarangs yes
there is not ammo so you're fine okay oh
yeah I see that little swirly thing on
the lower right of the screen everybody
that's the autosave Joker's been busy
these poor guards never stood a chance
they're probably worried because I was
so low stream of teeth halfway through
that first mentioned one rich what do
you think of the Batman cartoon 2004
which which one was the Batman cartoon
2004 I have no idea which one that was
they've got a lot of Batman cartoons I'm
very fond of Batman animated series
I like Batman in the Justice League
though not quite as big a fan of giant
errors but just in all the ways
Commissioner Gordon is safe Joker's not
far ahead I'll stay in contact
oh yeah Oracle is though not 100% Batman
Canon or I mean you know like Oracle is
not in 100% of Batman children oh yeah
shinmin at any of the cartoons that girl
have her gun prepares and then at least
in the DCAU what happened joker happened
you're lucky to be alive also you know I
appreciate belief in the whole that
cartoon it's kind of a sillier Batman
hello where are they
back down there do you need help no I
work better III wouldn't take it over
the animated series but some of the more
obscure costume variations on that show
which made me smile seeing some weird
costume that somebody used to wear or
like the 70s you know yes last few years
and you know like you get some fun you
get some fun characters
thank god it's ass he's got Mike he's
strapped in the chair says is totally
lost it
wait here you can't film a TV sees
anyone trying to get close Batman right
help see me oh I'm gonna learn stuff I
see anything that stuff is good to her
bat and this guard dies do you hear me
makes as pay nope I'm gonna go mix as
pay rich okay I think he gets used a lot
Ashford a villain who I never really
thought was particularly that
interesting
sure well you know sometimes you just
need that thrower character like like
yes we're right now we we need a
tutorial staging we don't want to waste
our good writing on the good villains
this got a bigger appearance in the
second game okay keep him occupied I
need to get behind him
I've got to get close enough disaster
strike you'll see me coming on the
ground so I'll stay up high
you know you don't need to you don't
need to talk to us like that man just
tell us what you know oh oh here we go
here we go
detective mode Oh what did you do that
was so funny that I can't see him it's
just you know you detective not right
yeah and then it's basically just like
this is the thing you need oh yeah yeah
like this glowing thing is the thing you
need which is fine the game would
probably be frustrating about it yeah
absolutely
oh oh I can also see like people's Oh
people like heart rate Detective Mode
seems like a pretty awesome thing
oh my god I'm spider-man this is great
oh yeah yeah you know got the gargoyles
nevermind nevermind I stopped using them
as a challenge at one point I'll just
see if you could get around with that oh
you know you can and I think it's
actually a lot more fun there's a
ventilation thing here yeah okay so oh I
can glide it down Oh a glide kick yeah
I guess I should get out of that down
but not for long
not to get close and taken out oh great
I think you know there's I don't think
there's any penalty to staying a
detective mode or game other other than
it looking wonky creepy sexy Harley like
I know in the the developers weren't
happy about it because they they spent
all this time making you know this
beautiful looking game yeah and people
spend 98 percent of it and looking at it
and like neon blue and orange yes by the
way I could see just being in Detective
mode all the time yeah you have one
chance to surrender Quinn you know
criticizing purely art and it's
definitely like going for a I think I
think Batman looks great he's lying it's
just a diversion to keep his unbeli seem
unnecessary I know whatever but it looks
fine I like it like I like the little
rivets you know like on his outfit just
looking at creepy section Harley yeah
yeah well I'm up here now I'm just gonna
glide around for a little bit
no that wasn't Glide
yes you hold down it I should scan the
room okay I am still on the left of the
screen rich do I'm just the left of the
screen when you you know I know you do
when you run what does it do when you
Crouch crouch yeah there's a Crouch
button
rich what do you think of the Iron Man
Batman and Arkham Knight is that another
bingo thing is everybody everybody knows
I fucking hate the look of Batman and
the upcoming Batman game it looks like
crap it looks like Iron Man
so yeah the answer is I think it looks
like garbage I wonder if there may be
like a rich complains about Batman maybe
maybe see how I like the bingo for now
everything I'm gonna suspect right it's
the thing oh my god you can see people
through walls in this mode structural
weakness okay how do I do that do I get
bombs later rich confirmed for trapped
in the past because because I want
Batman to be Batman and not Iron Man
well fuck you interact oh use detective
mode to interact with objects in the
environment okay
use it to see things you can interact
with more than anything oh there's a
hidden thing in here
rich what do you think the new 52
haven't read it haven't read it haven't
really been in a kind of a bookstore in
like six years now there's something
apparently
well you certainly can I keep tapping
the a button oh my god okay I have now
made it a rule of mine Jack than when I
stream I'm not gonna be streaming games
for the first time because I did that
with blood dragon it was just kind of
pathetic and now look this is terrible
they wanted to press it fast is this
real life I didn't know that I just kept
pressing it at a normal speed okay I got
a red blue thing also I think I'm gonna
be in the left of the camera the entire
damn game if I crouch I'm in the center
and if I run I'm in the center if not my
characters on the left of the screen why
does this bother me so much
why does this bother me so much rich
you'll get used to it
is what the chances I don't know it's
really it's really never bothered read
that much I thought all this that's it
that's a unique angler here's a question
for you chat where is the first plague
place jack will die that's my question
for the chat let's let's let's take take
take bets I'd say something but I have
to say it out loud so I get yeah yeah
yeah Chad I'm curious before you think
Jack will die for the first time yes
this is absolutely Jack's very first
time playing Arkham he he just
downloaded Arkham Asylum he's never
played any of the other Arkham games
every how exactly to open the
ventilation shaft I think they just
think you're that bad
no it just wasn't clear on how it wanted
me to open it but I figured about
sometimes it takes sometimes just takes
you a while and that's what a game does
a simple escape attempt Joe who's been
planning all right we're gonna see we're
gonna see who wins the jack jack dies
first pool okay that's fun idea I like
that idea
that's a fine idea yeah you're gonna be
fine he's gonna be he's gonna starve to
death while trying to open a vent that's
that's my guess
starve to death yeah well opening event
yes talk to guard Steve was trying to
reach the vent controls and clear the
room all the guards have the same voice
okay we're gonna we have to get over
there oh wait
oh okay hey Steve there you are right oh
right but I'll get these controls down
guys I will all right all right
rescue guard I've been going after the
animals did you feel like a pressure to
because you got like an audience's that
make it more awkward the first time
playing a game says really weird to be
when I was playing blood dragons I felt
very self-conscious like I haven't
played this game before I don't know a
lot of things and people are watching
oh not like that there's there is no
doubt in my mind that other people have
similar things when first playing game
because that's what the whole thing is
you have to you have to learn oh no oh
and I've been oh no I
okay I got it that doesn't kind of die
rich said awkward take a drink why all
the hating on Kevin Conroy in this chat
people on the chatter hating on Kevin
Conroy that is not true that's thank you
oh oh my god how do you how do you hate
the best Batman the best Batman no best
Batman Oh Oh hit button what I know I
just say you fall into the smoke oh yeah
I saved myself it's fine I don't think
that counts as a depth oh oh ya know
that I did not die yeah I saved myself
okay
classic Batman if something's not
working throw Batarang at it take away
his batteries you've beat Batman
okay hold on someone in the chat says
Bruce Wayne is the definitive Batman
well yes technically that's true but I I
think you're missing the point and
that's not quite in the spirit of the
conversation well and you know what we
shouldn't just give it all I'm I'm far
more wine we shouldn't just give it to
Kevin Conroy you know a Kevin Conroy is
a fantastic voice and has the vocal
talents to to simultaneously be Bruce
Wayne and Batman and hold two different
but similar voices right yeah Talon the
man has talent but also the mixture of
that with the art style the storytelling
everything about Batman the Animated
Series is very nice oh I guess I can get
down from this ledge now how about a
little weak
I'm Batman so kevin conroy brings it to
life fun there's a lot in there oh man a
lot of death
Wow to death in here this is the part
that might upset people is I'll I must
notoriously slow gamer because I do
stuff like this where I just like to
look through things to see if I can find
shit you know with this particular room
maybe not right away but you will be
able to come back for things yeah I see
like there's a keycard thing here and
that can get me through this door and
then there's a job riddler thing up
there there there are plenty of things
to come back for and these days yeah so
you know if you see something obviously
there's something you can't and do with
that equipment
you're just not yet okay I'm gonna run
cuz it keeps me in the center of the
camera even why don't know why you're
walking so much in this game when you've
another I was just running okay
also because as I was saying I'm a
really slow gamer I'm a slow gamer
because I do I like to take in the
atmosphere I like to look around and I
like to look for a hidden shit like look
I can climb up there don't know
because I like to take in the scenery
Oh cuz I know the Joker has little
arrows pointing me in that direction and
I don't want to go that direction I want
to come over here I'm taking my own
route
I'm taking my Batman route it's like
watching a child what oh nothing nothing
see look Joker wants me to go that way I
don't want to go I'm gonna listen to the
Joker
all right I've never been in this nook
you're in see see yeah but it doesn't I
don't know you're gonna stop pushing
anything yeah probably not
oh I found a guy to hit Oh or he can hit
me
take him down hey I pressed on how does
help work is it just like there's a
there's a there's a meter I don't think
it's on screen all the time
I certainly don't see it on your screen
now but there's there's a whole thing
you you get it you get it restored after
battles and whatnot by doing good okay
it's that that white semicircle on the
top left yeah well after after the fight
yeah like the score you got on the fight
spills into the health and then anything
left over goes into your experience pool
so you can buy gadgets and moves great
there are gadgets and moves you can
acquire great more like gadget upgrades
yeah like you can you know upgrade your
Batarang so you can use you know to
batarangs at a time you can power up the
matter in so they just brought out my
people down it's actually pretty useful
in the fight
oh they're also if you tap the button
for the battering yeah like just tap it
and it will like quick throw one yeah
well you don't have to like take your
time aiming so if somebody's running at
you just hit the quick tap ish this is a
lot of people's votes for your first
step mister few of them so see how that
goes
I mean I can see yeah i think i think
animus primal has money on you dying
here okay sit the zip
fine it could be
oh my god
I like the stuff okay
Oh running that doesn't mean you'll
survive no oh oh I can take him out
after okay I guess I gave it that this
is class I might die because I
okay okay oh oh and then I ran
have you have you I don't know if I
should say anything I can't people are
people are deaf we waited it out yeah I
think I think I think Jack left out and
Luck's out no I knew how to kill him man
no you didn't yeah oh okay okay okay but
then like I did after I say hey winning
on a technicality is still one hey rich
what is the worst remake Robocop I'll
stop my I'm sure there's other terrible
ones Oh Total Recall not as bad as
Robocop why am i drawing a blank on his
damn name the director AB Robocop and
Total Recall the good ones I'm trying to
complete blink at his name and I love
his movies and son of a bitch you saying
that you're drawing a blank makes me
draw a blank
why can't I why can't whine whine whine
aim go away from thank you Paul
Verhoeven
listen listen to take away here's don't
remake Paul Verhoeven movies creator
protect okay okay I get an upgrade here
I can get one upgrade so I can have a
combo throw allows Batman to perform on
the
well grabbing throws after achieving a
combo and it's all you
combo Batarang powers of the Batarang
during combos that can be used to knock
downs thugs double the power of normal
combos allows Batman to swoop down and
grab assailant as they pass under
gargoyle I was leaving them strung up
underneath that would be nice but I
think I'm just I think you know you know
what I think you should do I think you
should ask the chat what they want and
then don't don't pick that one because
they're there they're working against
you know I think I'm actually gonna be
really boring
yeah and just get an armor upgrade yeah
that's fine and all it does is just give
me greater defense against that's really
well it likes lengthens the whole
exactly so yeah it's really boring but
that's what I'm gonna do because now I
just don't want to die where you guys
think I'm gonna die what what was the
other one you love with one of the other
ones oh wait I can get an or can I get
another one no oh you don't like I could
have gotten like a remote-controlled
Batarang
might be fun but pretty much completely
useless and the rest were combos and I
haven't learned how to do regular combos
anyway so it's like all the other ones
were like if you get a combo it's work
okay well there's one there's like you
get like a takedown move that that like
cripples opponents that one's really
good
the combo upgrades pretty good
they came out of nowhere they dragged
Jerry in here powered up the gate must
have passed out
Joker went through that door what's on
the other side we call it extreme
isolation this guy looks like behind his
doofus okay it looks like there's no
escape you see the somebody mentioned
aliens I'm not quite answering the same
question but somebody in the chat
mentioning alien maybe think of
something I had seen recently where some
some kind of Hollywood artists had had
like released concept art work he did
for oh that was oh that was him with the
the guy who did district 9 and with the
concept art that had like an older
Ripley and Hicks yeah before he directed
district that was that alright alright
was on task to direct an alien record
system is down yeah that was like some
of the concept art that he had made up
for a holding cells both wasn't too
smart as as a fan of aliens
I miss Hicks but Hicks was fine
it's the only soldier that wasn't a
douchebag he was he was a fee was a fine
sidekick for Ripley
the map can be viewed at any time by
going like this okay great
here we go doo doo doo Joker's escaped
he sealed himself off
he's got your father don't worry I'm
getting spoiler alert for everyone who
doesn't a Batman stuff
Oracle I'm getting into the Barbara
Gordon Joker will not win I won't let
him Barbara Gordon
find Franco with your father
a crime fighter hub for Batman and other
heroes it's pretty neat you know I can
imagine most of our fans know that you
know I'm gonna go ahead I'm gonna go
ahead and say quantum Knights thank you
for subscribing we've really appreciated
pretty sweet segue segue that's
listen you got a thing here where I can
crawl under and then there's nothing
under here come on Oh up where oh they
just had like a little like area languor
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate they have this little like
gate thing that you can crawl under and
it's kind of off the main path but it's
like there's nothing in here so there
there is but nothing you have to worry
about yet they there's I like there's
different types of collectibles one of
them you know you've seen the Riddler
trophies as question marks yeah I kind
of hate those but there's an other one
that's kind of clever like you never
actually see the Riddler in this game
but he probably has the greatest role
maybe the second one they found a very
clever way to used to go oh good
can I pick up this pipe and hit people
with it No
you know that's fine that's fine
I am straight up not getting used to me
being on the left of the camera here
it's good I mean I'm sure it's gonna
happen I'm really enjoying the rest of
the game so I'm sure it's gonna happen
Oracle I'm at the holding cells I'm
setting up a crime scene exactly
bowls dropped his flask sloppy let's see
what the forensic scanner picks up Oh
scanning for Evan and scanning follow
traces of alcohol from Frank's bourbon
in the atmosphere I don't know about the
game well what the the thing that just
happened is I've the detective um I just
scanned bourbon yeah and now I can pick
up traces of bourbon in the atmosphere
yep trying to emphasize the detective
aspects of Batman sure you know it's not
really great but you know I give them
points for trying they do something a
little bit different in the next one you
know isn't there some sort of like
actual detective work I could do instead
of following trails of smoke I know I
know it doesn't really make it come back
in the next game okay they tried
something else which doesn't entirely
work but it's still a better

[Part III]
representation of Batman being the
detective okay wait around in here and
call
give give the phone to rich print call
tell I'm dreading the next time that
comes up right because I know there's no
chance in hell that lightning is going
to strike the same spot three times
right it's just not gonna happen
next time it's gonna come up and when
I'm gonna punt the ball
oh I got a cut on my dancing oh yeah
throughout the game that's how you kind
of like mark the progress of the game
you shouldn't it's more and more
destroyed as the game goes on
Gordon was taken up at the surface in
the end by the end you look a little bit
like hamburger do this the old-fashioned
way
it's kind of like it's kind of like
Batman meets die hard wells sure told
them he's a monster
this is frying calm down I'll stop him
I'll stop him and I'll put him back
behind bars where he is
now and had control over this I never
mind there's something clever about the
Joker breaking into prison sure oh cool
I guess so Oh also can we talk about how
great the fact is that it's like oh the
elevators down I guess there's no way I
have of getting up let me just use my
Batarang to get up you know that's fine
and that's fine
Oh God rich left I'm in silence now I
was trying to get that little Joker
alright I'm back
hey welcome back I went for a secret
thing and I failed bottom well yeah but
I didn't I mean I didn't die or anything
oh right right you've not done yet no no
no we haven't gotten anything crazy no
there is something where was I
there was there's this like Riddler
thing here and I was trying to get to it
but I missed it I don't know if I can
I'm gonna try it one more time I don't
see what what it is yeah okay I can I
can't get this like stop and stare at it
wait for me to catch up but no and I
can't I can't get there I can't get it
yet I'm sure I will eventually get
something back which one okay isn't that
one that's like cross the gap yeah and
there's no floor under the vent yeah
okay yeah later yeah yeah I thought
later I thought maybe I could like hold
on to the bottom and rip off the vent
yeah yeah yeah it's fine I'm learning
this is where the chat needs a little
bit of patience because it's my first
time playing the game and I like to
explore and I like I like you know
learning and failing because that means
that you you you don't have to stream at
all you enjoy this this is your first
time this is your first time playing
this game that's fine I think I think
that's why I in the future I want to
avoid streaming games first time I
played it unless it's some kind of like
gimmicky game well that's part of the
point
you know and I think this is I I think
this is fun and hopefully people get
some entertainment out of me
experiencing a game for the first time
especially if it's a game that they like
you know well and I can you know but I
can also see how someone would be really
frustrated like if this is a game they
know very well yeah oh yeah I'll just be
amused actually I'll just be laughing
right I I am I'm okay I figured I
figured out everybody unless you met I'm
horrible of the game and that's probably
true too
oh no I just meant a bad person which is
something that I can say because we're
friends
sickness syndrome says I'm enjoying dot
dot dot most of this okay I wish I had a
I don't have any like prepared stories I
wish I had a story to tell like
especially during this segment which is
basically different ears we oh oh that's
right
I see I've brought about story I'm gonna
rich you've done it we we had friends
over we had a very boring
we had a very boring news we had friends
over and we played a border so it was
great for us we played a super great
board game and rich yeah it's a
roguelike a roguelike board game I have
to go find the name
okay okay your game is still moving did
you set the what is going on how are you
away from the keyboard yet stupid oh I'm
watching the delay god I feel like such
an idiot I feel like such an idiot
obviously I'm watching the delay sure
the chance gonna have a field day my
back so you who of Jose still playing
the game oh I'll go a little move around
but Lou Jack's up there okay where am I
where are my headphones okay I'm here
I'm here are you here I'm here okay it's
it's called betrayal and house on the
hill okay and what it is so it's a it's
a haunted house game yes the tiny events
yes okay and so it is a game where you
have to explore a haunted house with
with a group of people and as you
explore you lay down random room tiles
oh right left button favorite trip huh
oh oh I'm still looking for elk why is
this bug here this bug this bug
shouldn't be here
how do i do how do I get in like hyper
things yeah what's this what is this bug
rich what does the screen say huh what
does the screen say the screen says look
for alcohol but there's this buck what
does he say under that oh thank you oh
thank you like I just kept pressing it
oh no problem spirit one of the
collectibles I don't know I'm not I'm
not that fond of those there is a curse
on Arkham Asylum that basically fills in
the history of mark of a cemetery but I
forgot his name jebediah Arkham or
whatever it is who built the asylum okay
so betrayal and a house on the hill yeah
yeah you're exploring a haunted house
and you lay down the room tiles as you
play and the room tiles are randomized
and then the items you get in the rooms
are also randomized right yeah
oh yes it does
way do you what do you get to the moves
where you break their leg like if you
get a counter if you get a combo of
eight built up you can do like a special
move in just lowdown dropped an elevator
on me oh yeah oh yeah
you haven't unlocked any of the special
moves yet Batra but no yeah and they're
awesome so in any case you start off
cooperatively but then eventually one of
you gets like possessed and turns into
the bad guy and then you get like these
giant manuals and there's like fifty
different scenarios that could happen
and you never know which scenario you're
gonna get oh my god it like all depends
on like what room you're in and what
items you have it's it what we played it
once and it was amazing it was amazing
it sounds crazy it was great how long
did it take to play because it was our
first time I want to say like an hour
and a half like not okay but it could
have taken it could have been shorter if
we had known what was going on but it
was it was really spectacular
oh I sense a stealth section coming yeah
somebody's asked me to elaborate on the
combat to you and I guess I guess I will
you'll notice that as your combos get
higher your attacks also gets stronger
hopefully up second contract with
missile you like a combo of like 1 2 or
3 Batman just throws a little punch but
like like a 5 or 8 combo if you hit that
X button you'll like jump halfway across
the room and keep them in face to
isolate armed henchmen the direct
approach you're a spot-on
I need to be smart find it different or
things are happening I'll be laughing
yeah I'm using gargoyles because it's my
first time playing oh you use them as
much as you want
yeah all right people are saying this is
gonna be your first f wow these guys
have guns they do
you can drop down silently from a
gargoyle without gliding
okay
but also in this game and I like we
haven't gotten to this point yet but
can't you like freak people out
uh your you are not at that point yet
okay this is all still fairly tutorial
ish what we're doing right now like this
is the first real stealth you've gotten
right quietly by crouching get in close
for the silent take that
take that old
it'll be over zone
there are loud takedowns but they will
alert everybody in the room yeah okay
all right I got all right I got past the
first three I don't know if they're
playing right now but I love the music I
could probably attack but if Joker can
probably see him so Joker was probably
you know I don't think the Joker would
honest I don't think you would
okay now is he just gonna sit there and
watch TV yes yes
oh he wouldn't warn him in your writing
I see alright here we go
I know I'm probably supposed to go to
that vent right I mean it's right there
no cuz that's locked okay I get it
I mean it's right there but I don't like
that you know like this is the bright
glowing vent you need to go here I know
I know
yeah you know you know what I'll still
get sick of vents
yeah or just opening them I will yeah I
will say that yeah there are too many
vents in these games but yeah I'll deal
with it
also Jack you're gonna be coming up on
your first real stealth section this
here what you did with those four yards
is just like a moon at least sure
basically you'll come across like a
largest area and you and it's
essentially the dedicated stealth area
yeah there's a lot of places to hide a
lot of a lot of guys with guns yeah yeah
I like it
oh I think I'm here we got guys move in
with guns
we'll see how Jack does well Jack down
nobody's gonna blame you if you want to
use detective mode for the whole stealth
section right yeah you know what I do
want is a better you I want a better
vantage point listen I have detective
vision I'm gonna use it yeah
no listen in a man I mean it's kind of
here for these areas really yeah okay
why does he have a bad on him Oh
somebody says Jack got farther than I
did the first time I play I think the
first time that that section you just
got passed I didn't was too dumb to jump
up in the gargoyles first huh yeah you
do that though that'll be if you jump
down if you do the glide kick I think
that'll be a louder one there everybody
so you want to get out of there quick
and you got to make sure you after you
knock them down you you do that that you
know Hittle money's on the ground thing
to keep him out okay sorry I'm sorry no
no no by the way like this these are
important notes
I don't know I don't know if there are
enough guards to freak one out and in
this particular area but yeah if you can
if you can like knock just about
everybody out without being spotted like
the last two or three guards will start
freaking out like the last three might
be a little bit nervous and then like
the last one will be shooting at shadows
did he see me I don't know you didn't
see me they might look up if you're like
a gargoyle right by a body
sure okay yeah they're easing you into
it yeah handling their difficulty curve
very well I'm feeling powerful and still
okay this is this is the hole oh hey how
did I get here I wasn't here before I
don't like that they moved me without
you know they probably won't do that too
often okay we're good buddy over there
however there played cool cool I hear ya
it's probably not gonna happen
QV Ark 42 says hey Jack the gargoyles
are kind of like whoops that's right the
GAR the goggles aren't exactly like rose
I mean I'm I do feel a little bit cheap
I'm using like the same tactic over and
over where I glide kick sounds and then
go back up to the guard low but it's
very effective
and not sometimes they'll they'll start
doubling up right that will not always
be the most effective thing you can do
right which might be now I think yeah
now they're not oh now here we go
all right just wait for this I'm waiting
for this Yahoo to go away and I'm gonna
rinse and repeat ya see they're already
being smarter yeah great
which is great like there are different
ways to take people out to like you can
hang over a Ledge and then when they
walk by you look like pop up and claim
their head on the railing I know I can
like jump down on people how do I get
down again not glide if I tap which I
can't I can't say yet I don't know
what's going on die I might die all
right
fucked up bad run hide I run I ran at
night are you a you alive I'm alive I am
A Bear Lake oh I missed like I didn't
jump down where I thought I was gonna
jump down okay and tell me like I I I
wanted to jump down in one legend I'm
watching it now watch now oh no oh wow
oh I got out I got out oh god he's
bleeding rich
and somebody's saying that armor you
bought saved your ass yeah okay good I
got my health back some of it back whoo
Jesus Christ okay I can upgrade okay
what kills people faster if I were to
try silent takedown surprisingly - I
know you're doing a lot of kicking well
you know I'm doing the thing that works
okay okay I oh let's see it let's take a
look at these things again special combo
throw allows Batman to perform an
unlockable grab and throw after
achieving combo scores can be directed
to inflict damage sure that's pretty
nice combo Batarang powers up the
battering during combos doubles the
power of normal combo strikes inverted
takedowns allows Batman to swoop down
and grab assailant as they pass under
gargoyles I think that sounds great it
does I'm not telling you what to do or
armor upgrade v2 which means I get more
health which they will need which I know
I will made it
I know I know after you get this the
special throw then that opens up the
ability to buy the like break their leg
one or more powerful armor drop down
could be fun though armor served you
well armor serve you yeah so I have to
choose between fun and practicality
mm-hmm
you know what I did practice the last
time so I'll do fun this time well well
leaving it up allows Batman to swoop
down and grab a seance as they pass
under guard Ross great that sounds like
a great thing to do
squee 42 says rich you should help them
out this is a no death run
no this isn't a no death run but you
know people in the chant have money on
Mon Jack's gonna die
I don't I don't feel right interfering
with that it's like the nature
photographer you know like intervening
to save the animal for being eaten by
the winding sound unethical it's
unethical I have to let Jack die when
it's his time but you know he might be a
prodigy at this game it might never be
Jack's time we we need to let Jack show
us whether or not he is a Batman prodigy
I can't interfere with the natural
course of nature yeah there's plenty of
sneaky stuff to do below this you chose
not to do any of it see that's that's
why I stopped using the gar gar I'm like
there's so much fun stuff to do around
places but I'm just gonna start doing
that instead sure oh yeah but by the way
I this is my first time playing I'm
taking the path of least resistance but
no end and I didn't even know that these
things were here so now I know that
there's more options than just kicking
people yep that's how you learn in a
video I'm sure like the glass ceiling
you could have jumped down through the
glass and somebody like wait on the
glass and when they walk under you oh
yeah they'll be an option to jump down
through the glass and take them out that
was fun I just want to get up there now
oh yeah that's cool that's neat all
right let's get right on that I can't
hit that girl from here we
okay all right did you die okay here we
go
where am I going this way guess they
have to go down here
and here where's my where's my magic
smoke is this magic smoke that tells me
where to go
yes yes okay I'm asking rhetorical
questions chat yeah just to kind of let
you know where my headspace is that I
think I came in from here you have to go
where those you know those new guards
came in from the the new baddies you
have to take out the direction they came
from is the way you want to go okay
gotcha
and that's what I that's what I assume
that's just this this area did not look
familiar to me I don't know if I have to
hit all these teeth I just want to hit
all these
looking around Joker must have figured
out how I was tracking Gordon officer
Bowles trail stops here okay yeah that's
all I got
that was my joke you're welcome
everybody
do they ever explain Robin in these
games I know Robin shows up in one of
him but he's never been a huge character
in this game so not really they need to
don't cut yourself what you silent dad
nobody found skin and store solutions
for Riddler's challenge don't cut
yourself on this sharpie alright alright
collectible one of the collectibles in
this game Jack they're riddles yeah you
have to figure out what he's talking
about and take a picture of it
warden sharp oh I forgot his name yeah
yeah like if you go into your menu it
will get like a list of those different
areas yeah so has rich been pooping on
this game the whole time or what what
are you talking about I love this game
Rich's been talking about yeah the
reason I want to play this game is
because rich talks so highly of it often
what do you think it's a farm I'm liking
it I really enjoy the combat the combat
is incredibly satisfying well there'll
be a lot more that I'm a big fan of
stuff I saw both grapes they're both
extremely different and they're both
great jokers army coming through the
main gate the salt gets a bit complex
well your cuz you're only doing the just
down chaining that's kind of boring it's
pretty wide below was lacking but
there's other things you can do that are
fun like you get on she was surrounded
by why it's not really much of a new
device and you can like you see somebody
who's like on a railing on the other
side of you other side of the room you
can like you know shoot them with your
grappling hook and pull them off the
ledge they fall to the bottom and get
knocked out
treatment yeah it's great everybody like
no I know I'm not like myself is lacking
right now because I'm still learning but
the the combats really fun I do I have
issues with the art but overall I like
the art style I like the look of it I
like the atmosphere of it I mean I have
some obviously obviously any gameplay
issues I have I've been mentioning like
the whole you know I'm a detective I
follow a trail of smoke you know and
obviously well for detective stuff you
might like the second one more but it
still doesn't really make you feel like
you're solving things though well there
cuz yeah it's too obvious what needs to
be done try harder in the next one
it's very your finger which is asked
Conquest beard wondered when did rich
say Hamlin's joker was bad I've never
said that Mark Hamill is the best Joker
out of all of them he did a fine job
he was the definitive joke it did a
great job but Hamill is the definitive
Joker to me hmm
you know what I might prefer he was
joking especially like in context to
their to their respective things like
Hamill's Joker in the cartoon was great
but Ledger's drunkard
over Batman you know like it was no
longer a Batman movie it was and yes
Chen he was probably fucking with me but
I get the feeling that people think I
automatically hate any triple a game
which
is not is not true plays in the
background I'm in detective mode
okay ready we're gonna play a fun game
it's called where should we go let's see
where should we go oh the big glowing
thing let's go to the big glowing thing
I know the tectum mode and that's
supposed to give you hints but it's also
like you walk into a room and you see a
vent if I didn't have Detective Mode on
I would walk into the room and I would
see nothing but a vent with a bright
light inside somehow a human-sized vent
with a bright light inside can we talk
about designing an asylum with
human-sized vents
Jack it was built in like the 1800s come
on come on why you think humans were
bigger back then I'm saying they were
dumber are we outside
I asked rhetorically yeah I'm not
telling he thinks no don't tell me
things but you know like plants
and I haven't decided how I feel about
like
oh pretty that's sorry I just sound like
you know this city oh yeah
some actually hold on I need to make a
note of something I need to make a note
of something for a future episode of
previously recorded okay I just I just
thought of a great thing rich and I
figured figured out what our next
episode is gonna be we're not gonna tell
you but it's very exciting I'm very
excited to do
I suppose maybe it's not an exciting
episode but I'm excited to do it
yeah it's the next episode won't be one
of the Arkham games but it may be
referenced also I've been playing Batman
for awhile and I haven't checked in with
the chat for a while how are you guys
doing they're all right yeah that's I
mean I've been playing Batman so I
haven't been checking in on yeah you
guys just just enjoy Batman I have been
overall I have been obviously I'm being
critical of it because in general I'm a
critical person yep but uh overall I do
want everyone to know that so far I am
enjoying the game this is me here I'll
see if I can get the microphone closer
to my pen and paper so you guys can hear
me write the note and that'll be
exciting you're by a computer why don't
you just open a text file and type a
note um I find that if I write if I
physically write a note it sticks with
me better all right I don't know if
that's like just because of like the the
muscle thing but uh I don't know I don't
know why it is but if I write something
down it definitely it's easier for me to
remember right leftover beefcake says
Jack what grip what grade do you give
this game I don't think I will ever ever
do that yeah it's not really helpful in
the grand scheme of things no no great
because because it's just a that's just
a number that can change a letter that
can change
there's only impressions recommendations
feelings I I dislike number scales
because they
they can change and that's that's when
you get people who bitch because
something got like a nine point nine
instead of a ten right
nine point four clearly that game was a
nine point eight well then and then just
like how can you give this game a nine
point eight and there's our game a - no
I'm not gonna do it so far I'm enjoying
myself and I'm really I'm having a good
time and I'm liking some of the art
thing I am getting used to Batman being
on the left but I still think about it I
still think about the fact that Batman's
on the left and it bothers me a little
bit okay but you know what I can
understand why they did that because
often times you do have to see the
entire skate scope right you need to see
from the ceiling to the floor and if
Batman was right in the middle of a
camera you wouldn't be able to do that
I know this is very exciting for
everyone
when you call it what do you call the
thing where a counter don't don't don't
don't don't throw a little doodle doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo okay having to do with our next okay
okay rich rich what have you been
playing lately I well not much variety
I played the fuck out of blood dragon I
guess I finally finally pulled off my
new death rum took me like six fries I
can fuckin up but crypt of the
necrodancer oh I'll leave the question
open as to whether or not I've played it
because I like it or just because it's
going to be the next review I think that
open the next like I kind of want to
replay the quest for glory games though
I don't want to stream it the quest for
glory games Oh Sarah adventure game oh
okay you can play as either a fighter a
thief or a mage and you go on little
quest to save the town from problem I
wasn't paying attention now I don't know
where I have to go well you just got out
oh just go wherever
well there's definitely an objective but
there's kind of a somewhat open map
there are Metroidvania esque elements to
this game oh sure no right now I'm just
like I'm just in a big open area and
there's a bunch of guys just save time I
believe they're cops Oh what lockdown I
did stock up on the cop I was like hey
warden sharp had it closed down soon
after he arrived said it was a security
risk oh man his face is straight-up
fucked up bad good oh okay I see him
them this is need Arkham's garden
yeah yeah a clue thing I want that clear
thing do to do to do to do you know what
maybe the most of setting thing about
the about the whole like running about
the whole camera thing is that it does
change when you run yep you know because
then like Iran and it is like shifts
perspective and yeah I don't know it
bothers me that I'm on the left side of
the screen it really does I don't think
it I don't think it I wouldn't say get
used to it I don't think it ever
bothered me I just thought it was
interesting
oh that's interesting it was my reaction
at one side of the other Harley Quinn
probably triggered the alarm
if she still got Gordon thanks Oracle we
get to the car sir Blindy promises you
you'll get used to it
I'm sure I will I'm I'm I'm hoping I
will I'm really hoping I will its and I
can't explain I'm trying to explain why
it's so bothersome to me you know is it
just because I'm not used to it
maybe I mean I don't think I ever really
had a problem with it so I can't I can't
answer that question it's a massacre
stay here I'll deal with clown makeup
and whatnot no no like there
like guard helmet Oh
I can't believe it they killed Jackson
no stay with your colleague I'm ending
this now rich what was your favorite
song from Rocky Horror I have the tiger
it's rocky 3 not Rocky whatever that was
Rocky one wasn't it no three is I am a
tiger
Rocky Horror I just in general don't
particularly care for click in oh yeah
yeah I don't I wouldn't say I hate it
how do I drop it down silently
wait you know you don't have to tell me
you control well you're thinking of from
a gargoyle if you're just falling from a
height I think you're okay I don't just
you can just kind of glide down this
might be my first death here then well
see okay great I'm fine
yeah
you don't think Oh see Ivan I've been
playing far cry blood dragon I want to
say I'll just drop on the one grab some
crap don't let shoot the other one yeah
okay great
Oh
oh I get to beat some people up this
will be a while but don't worry jack
it'll be a lot of fat oh no I'm not I'm
not worried about that I'm genuinely
excited to be people up my interested in
playing the other Far Cry games I don't
know a lot of what I like about blood
dragon is just the the style the
eighties science fiction
post-apocalyptic post-apocalyptic pop in
the dick action movie I just think that
cheesy stuff is so great doesn't mean I
wouldn't like the other ones but
yes objective complete protect yura high
explosive gel in the trunk of the
Batmobile I may need it did that you
doing that fight well I'm still watching
the fight yeah oh you got hit once I got
it on once but I doesn't that suck it
does but the the combat is very
satisfying like it feels like Batman
moves slow yeah and believe roughly
believe it or not they improve it a lot
in the second game
oh dude that's oh yeah and it's already
done oh hey we had a thing we structural
weakness before and now we have a gun
that can get rid of walls with
structural Worli trash yes clue as to
where she took Gordon this is Gordon's
pipeline
Barbara David Ray there's no way you
think the crime scene stuff in Arkham
origins was more detective evil yes it
was but I think the problem with it all
is you're not really deducing anything
it's still a leads to be would see just
you scan this now you know you need to
scan that then you need to scan the
other and you're not you're not really
using your head to you know solve crimes
or solve puzzles you're just kind of
following the directions is I think yes
see like you hear again
right like it's like oh we found a pipe
we scanned a thing and now follow the
trail of the scanned things see in every
every game though Jack they like
completely try to overhaul things to
improve the detective aspects and they
never quite get there better they did
better as in the other games but just in
general they're pretty dumb
they really try hard in origin sir
Hodgins hey you all with structural
problems okay so I use my gun and then
the fact the fact that they're paying at
any kind of lip service at all is
amazing a lot of a lot of times the
Batman will just run around beat people
up but they're trying to it respects to
Batman's intelligence and thinking
skills yeah I'm not sure it would have
killed you apparently it only max people
out because you can use the explosive
gel to knock people down I like this
stuff stuff you can you can wait to
they're like we could put the gel like
biology wait till they walk by and blow
the gel off no but they'll knocked off
the ledge it's the other upsetting thing
is I know this is kind of video game
logic but also there is one path to go
in right now all the other doors are
locked right yeah so it's just like did
we even need the fucking pipe thing it's
almost insulting whether they think
they're trying to hide their corridors
with like no you're being a detective
and following a path no we're going down
the only corridor we are able to go down
you good guys or bad guys good guys are
beggars
no.8 hostile ones you gotta love the
magic robot eyes in his coal they tell
you all of this stuff like there's some
guys hammering over there I might want
to talk to them but those guys man
they're hostile they're not cops they're
not cops their house or you get off a
fight you can sneak up on the mother
working and you can knock them out
oh yeah yeah
I'm assuming you're looking at the two
whore hammering see you suckers hmm I
said see you suckers oh oh I'm not
supposed to go in here
but I kind of want to so I'm gonna do oh
do it's not time to go in here yet I
advised it anyway okay oh this is creepy
it's kind of like a little bonus thing
you really could use a friend in here
sorry about that
shall we start with the big one do you
really think you can win first person
out now which is weird I can't use my
bad vision

[Part IV]
see first person out now which is weird
I can't use my bad vision
all right
that's it's it's it's the optional
arty-farty room it's like you go go in
there every now and then after some
things are happened and the Joker might
have some new things to say you know
extra story zach is counting any finding
his work space closest jack is getting
through this pretty fast actually no you
still have not died no that doesn't mean
it won't happen no certainly not how do
I get good at XCOM base management for
me practice practice practice is trying
to take over the island piece by piece
strategy most people use um throw it in
the water I've never found much use for
laboratories I'll be back maybe I'll use
workshops if III really need engineers
badly how do you get good at home
decorating user2 77221
you ever thought about using the air
compressing air air compressor and and
some paint just get various colors of
paint and an air compressor and you know
well see what you end up with but you
also it's not just an air compressor you
also need a some sort of
- but to put the painting probably let's
get the paint in the - tube to the air
compressor and just let it fly see what
happens
you keep asking so I'm gonna answer I
have not played dragon aging position so
I can't tell you what I think about it
I played any of the Dragon Age what
counter oh hold it down you might be
gonna get too early or too late probably
too
like if you're here in the middle of a
punch animation you might not you might
not do it sure you can take take the
combat a little bit slow if you want you
got a handle on the rhythm you don't
have to keep mashing action just get
like X X X and y XY Y Add button
take it easy smooth it's a flow it's not
a sprint it's the flow yeah smooth this
is my oh yeah okay okay that's what you
are
I get it cute little thing which makes
it disturb like Harley's always like
written that line between life gets a
minute and innocence but here with like
her tits hanging out in her ass hanging
out it's a little harder to buy the
innocent routine she hasn't blocked yeah
just a style thing I'm not a super fan
of the redesign either but still oh yeah
it's not gonna make me hate the game
no no no so far nothing has made me hate
the game just a bunch of little things
just a bunch of little things and none
of them yet have added up to me hating
the game right hello grapple point I
think I'll take you and you still
haven't gotten to a point thus all
sections where your past like
hand-holding like take it easy Anya I I
you might not feel the same but I
actually do really like the self oh you
know no I'm not
I'm not so far I do not hate on anything
that's true we make it a thing
shed a stretched how do you deal with
your inhuman girth shorn less you horn
shoehorn all right shoehorn with what
what oh that's a good question beyond
infinite is this better than moving
stories yes well you know what they're
different moving stories was meant to be
played for 45 minutes and we got it we
got a solid 45 minutes of laughs out of
that game art which might still say
moving stories oh my god it does Jesus
Christ
I gotta tell you something
back on back onto our come here you know
that cutscene you just got with with
with the Harley I didn't get that the
first time cuz I thought you know the
dumbest fucking thing Batman could do is
walk through the front door so I
actually went to the roof and looked for
another entrance first I'm sorry
everyone for not updating this dream I
did not update this dream by the way
it's okay how do I grapple again there's
a thing over there I want to get it but
I can't later you're looking at the
question later yeah that's fine
that's fine controller wise if I'm being
critical yeah
which you know guess what I'm always
gonna be that's what um I don't like it
that I have to take my thumb off of the
camera button to rhyme okay you know
because I use that a lot I like looking
around with the camera button and when
you run you can't you have to hold on to
a and so you have to take my thumb off
the camera button to run and so then I
don't feel like I get to look around as
much you know even if you don't like the
game that's that's fine because I still
do know your opinion doesn't have to
invalidate mine no no no what I'm doing
all right having a Batman moment where I
see things to grapple on so I grapple on
it but the actual the actual solution
here is to open the great great that's a
fair complaint Jack thank you fearful
sludge boy I thought that was a fair
complaint I drew Oh is this just how to
get in here in the first place oh no
okay all right great
everything's great everything is awesome
everything is possible
everything is possible that way no I
want to go this way or do i oh no I
guess I'm going this way you're you're
opening those vents vents much faster
now Jack well now I know how now I know
how H that's the key bluetooth says
Batman is very degrading I get it I get
it
you took it well really that all that
was was you took a different path we
encourage you to take different paths
game developer why does he need the
doctors I've got to save them all right
we've got to save the doctors rich looks
like we have ourselves another little uh
little play area a stealthy play area oh
yeah we got some gargoyles great that's
how you know it's a stealthy play area
when there's gargoyles
but what's over here let's see what's
over here there's some vents this is a
good stealth section Jack yeah how how
are you going to play it are you just
gonna kick people in the face with me
well no I found some I found some grates
under the floor okay oh my god I'm
underneath what upgrade did you buy for
that other upgrade your head hang down
from the gargoyles okay okay I am now
underneath everybody
rich how is it that you can eat so
grotesquely how how is it you can eat so
grotesquely oh it's because it's just
fuck off because they've only seen me
eat for comedy on half in the bag
cheeseburgers now apparently that's
that's how I eat oh okay well you can do
the corner takedown they walk by guys
with guns yes ask a dumb question
I don't actually I don't think I can do
any good to where I am right now it's my
real thing I think I need to go back up
so I'm just gonna nonchalantly walk
around it take your time you haven't
died yet I want to see you I want to see
you keep going I want to I want to see
this last you don't have through that no
death round laughs yes I love the no
death run Jack you know that about me I
do know that about you
Jack you see that that exposed bit of
floor that then that's see-through piece
of floor see through the floor I don't
know if you're still in that area with
that weird cage no okay well I thought I
could get in there but I couldn't
anything I could have I'm saying there's
things you can do with explosive gel
like this is spot of the floor that's
weak put you on top of that and when
they walk by sure that's what they want
you to do
okay well right what floor thing I see
now I just want to see it hold on I just
want to see it rich I didn't even know
what you're talking about and you know
this is actually just part of the
problem with the game in general is
knowing what to look for
yeah what do you talk about a
see-through smaller thing well it's not
in the area or in right now
oh I see oh rich that was officially
backseat gaming you were telling me
something I didn't see all right all
right all right this is I'm just I'm
trying to encourage you to do things
other than jump down and kick people
that's it that's it sure I get that but
that was that might have been that might
have been too much all right all right
no don't do it you don't have to do that
oh I've already done it okay I just need
to figure out how to figure out when
someone walks by this thing
I know I wanna know if I can get to the
other side with oh oh no okay I get it I
know what I can do now I know what I can
do okay
anyone get shocked them off of that yeah
yeah check your checking scorecards
everyone for which sexy Jamie yeah they
got that one earlier I gave it to him as
a freebie yeah wait I want to get up
Lamar I don't want to be here
I want to get to the gargoyles so I can
see when someone is on that Jam oh here
comes right now ready okay ready for it
oh no I press the wrong button press the
wrong button rich I'm sorry I'm gonna
have to go kick someone now
oh no wait this could work in my
favorite nope I'm just going to wait
forever so far you've taken out zero
people zero people no I know cuz I keep
waiting I want to I want to do this
first oh is this the secret secret
secret
Riddler quest to because there's a
question mark there that's one of them
yeah okay I don't give a fuck about
secret likewise right now I'm just
playing what have to you don't have to
hmm
there's no obligation
everybody's calm right now I
accidentally sprayed more bat explosive
spray over there look those guys are
kissing all right we're gonna I just
want I want you know I'm gonna get
someone in this trap and then I'm gonna
go so everyone consider this like a
break hey Jack fate I have not failed
yet at Bingo I've not failed in I
haven't upgraded in a while I don't
think I can upgrade yet sindermann yeah
I sprained my bat goof
let's bring my bat you all over to Plews
okay I'm ready I'm ready
oh my god can I get it to firm this one
are you gonna meet right there maybe no
I'm not by the way but here comes step
on the damn glass you jerk where you
going
oh my god I'm gonna be here forever I'm
just gonna be here forever yeah I I'm
not trying I will try stealth after I
blow this guy through the glass thing oh
wait here comes okay here comes wait I
want to see this in real graphics ready
with your mouse he's out did you get him
yeah I got okay I got one
oh if I can get a guy to come over here
come on up here come on up here check it
out what are we gonna do shut up and
keep looking
I don't want to worry you boys no he's
in a different level yeah
I'm gonna get him now
he's coming now I'm gonna get him all
right I'm gonna get you gonna get you
get you yep here comes come on over here
I'm gonna get you come here whatever
button prompts take it things are not
going so buttons are hard when you don't
know the buttons they're hard
so did you die no no I did not die oh my
god after you hang down there's a little
button that says you know silent take
down but I had pressed the drop button
before that why would you want wrap at
all cuz I thought drop meant drop on
home and take oh no well I know that now
right oh no you gotta be perfect or
you're dead yeah yeah I absolutely have
to be perfect or I'm dead this may be
the first death yes 100% I'm I die now
because I because I was because I
assumed I assumed a button did something
and it did not assumptions people Oh
fucker give you a freebie but you don't
like to do that I'll give you a freebie
but you don't like it when I do that you
already gave me a freebie friend I don't
I can I can do this I can do this like
we got a guy who's alone over here I
think I can take him out maybe don't
quite understand like yet it's gonna
happen again the facility yes no I don't
think I can grab him kidding can't grab
him no no he's not right underneath me
they're all looking for you now yeah I
know
no I can't I'm gonna kick him I'm gonna
you know what I'm gonna go back to the
old standby and I'm gonna kick him
there's too many open places if you
kicked out kick down one guy and make a
noise they'll all turn around they'll
all see you and they'll all start
shooting I don't think you try sneaking
up behind them and doing the silent
takedown try it it might work it works I
got I got him hanging from the I got him
hanging from the deals get out of Dodge
see somebody hanging from The Gargoyle
they they they know you might be up near
there
yeah find the bet oh are you into
something fun are you still looking at
the guy who's dangling yeah they're the
battering at the Rope I can cut them
down yeah if you do it whether if you're
doing it when they're staring at them
they'll be start oh wait I got a guy
alone over here quiet Jack quiet use
detective it's not cheating you can see
that through walls you'll know if
they're around there's three guys right
yeah
are you a bad enough dude to take them
out oh my god my glide kick failed but
it's gonna be fine
I'm almost almost glad that my glad kick
failed so I wanna take that ya silent
takedown jack
yeah I put her to rest on the the glad
kills do you got one guy left you can do
this I know I'm some for some
inexplicable reason I still have faith
in you it's already done rich you don't
even need to worry about it
it is already happening
come on over there mates cuz they just
found the man down Oh yep they're on
their own okay great things are
happening rich I don't know if they're
good things they're for sludge boy says
this is the best best stealth gameplay
I've seen in a while that's can't be
true I'm not doing
and maybe
please firing I think your vector that
one gotta know that one guy up there
looks like he might be panic
when they walk backwards like that
they're usually panic
oh really
yeah
some guys left you might have me taken
out before oh my god oh there's so many
ways you can take guys on I'm just
watching I'm like why don't you do this
why don't you do this first time playing
the game oh I just don't know how to do
things in general but I think this guy's
alone now yeah okay I can take out this
guy I think if I can drop
wait here it's not safe yet
what I'm gonna get him okay
I got him
there's one there's only one left
there's only one bad guy left Oh in a
head in a jar look at that there's a
head in the jar that's me
might be a Riddler thing
my only thing picture of it I don't know
you could go into the menu and see what
the riddles are for this particular room
it'll actually tell you no I took a
picture
okay now we're gonna come and getting
this guy out you you jack what you're
doing it I don't know how but you're
doing it great you're crazy I'm doing
great
all right there was an option to grapple
under this thing earlier
Oh somebody says the head in the jars
from the Joker phone call oh you know
what you could do is that guy still on
that ledge on that grill you can hang
down and as he walks past you could do
that yeah oh man when I do the stuff I
love doing the variety of things also I
don't know how to like hang down first
oh there's a button project so you don't
hang down once you press up against the
button so wait I'm at a Ledge here and
it says climb and that just makes me
jump over it there's one that'll say
hang from wedge if I do I'll crouching I
climb over but then there's no good good
job jack what you you're survived yes
see you had no doubt yeah I'm pretty
great oh man like this I don't know what
one minute we were doing our evening
rounds and the next armed thugs burst
into the room and took us hostage
did they have anyone with them they took
someone into the yellow yeah when
they're hanging down and they walk by
you yeah yeah okay you're going to be
okay here we'll be fine
what about the others we heard gunfire
they could be dead we should go and help
oh no I forgot
dr. Kellerman was in the patient
observation room and dr. Chen went to
surgical why dr. Jung went to x-ray okay
okay stay here I'll find the other
doctor jack is an idiot savant at Batman
Arkham Asylum
I mean maybe they want me to do a little
flair whoo let me see if I can force it
that's hard to force I have trouble whoo
I mean I won I didn't know hey that does
not deserve a woo i won but it wasn't
like an astonishing victory it was a
100% sloppy and I you haven't dyed it
all yet makes them special okay so just
to practice yeah if I'm crouched and
press the a then I kind of flip over the
ledge yeah if I'm not over the ledge I
guess that's what happened before yeah
that's what happened to me while I was I
mean I ended up winning because I just
you know I was behind the I think that
one you saw that question mark when
you're a detective vision yeah did it
have a dot under the question mark no
it's kind of a puzzle if you line up the
question part with them dot and take a
picture that's the challenge okay and
what are these things unlock anything
fun or just uh you you if they do give
you points for upgrades so if you do a
bunch of those you'll upgrade a lot
faster also if you do all of them you
get the the ending to the Riddler story
no but I guess I can't do that anymore
because
blew it up oh no that is I see it's fine
yeah you actually have to blow that part
of the wall up so you can see the
question mark on the dot together all
right then what's the other see if I can
figure out a riddle
and then they'll they'll bounce when
their medical facility riddles yes what
you mean
oh yeah well for the rear you're at yeah
it should it only it only bounces that
you can I think so I specifically I
don't really remember but the morgue the
morgue
I want the run button to be somewhere
different I'm sorry that's okay
tick-tock newsflash someone is not
getting out of here alive is them oh I
need to go into the morgue now oh oh I
just keep saying oh don't worry about it
that's fun that's all I saw a vent yeah
and I thought I could get it to it but
it was on the wall I don't care about
interview tapes
oh no the interview tapes are fun I'm
sure they're fun but I don't care you
still pick it up you don't have to
listen to me Oh
I'm sure this way I don't remember
that's funny it's not my baby
shadow ID five says I came to these
chats to laugh at people miserably
failed that Jack is proving himself
worthy I don't know himself well I'm
thanks I suppose maybe in here what's
reception yeah too soon reception
there's glowing things to tell you where
to go Jack he can't figure it Bob oh
that's right that's right my magic
glowing vision hey there's a glowing
thing great doo doo doo doo doo there's
things in the map that flash yeah yeah I
know I know I was that really was silly
of me it was silly of me to say for one
second that I didn't know that see ya
look at this look at this Batman's
wearing the left is sighted screen right
I want to look around the corner but it
it's it's this corner so I can't look
around it cuz ballons in the fucking way
I Batman is on the left side of the
screen and that pisses me the fuck off I
don't know what it is it's just like
just don't like I just want Batman to be
in the middle of a goddamn scream
walking around I'm walking around cuz
I'm fat man there's two of them over
here that's weird
that's detective work oh you hate the
detective vision I hate not yeah I do I
do hate the detective okay I think
that's lame I don't I don't use it all
the time other times it's really pretty
useful pretty useful stop that's some of
the some of this more the more
complicated self bits where there's a
ton of guys around might be near
impossible without it the detective
mission at least at least using it every
now and then just go around
oh no no detective vision I don't my eye
I like detective vision I don't like the
follow the trail detective vision oh
yeah I really dislike that I don't like
the you need to find James Gordon he
left a clue for you and because by the
way so far he's dropped so much tobacco
from his pipe that there's no way he had
that much tobacco on him but anyway okay
miserable miserable man me yeah all the
time
okay I have an upgrade armor oh wait I
think well you like the combat right I
do like the comments you might want to
consider getting some like throws and
combo upgrade type things yeah that's
all up to you we did a stealth kill
upgrade so now combat upgrade let's see
here
yeah the combo throw because then you
can throw enemies into other enemies so
that'd be fine yeah but you also need
that yeah and you also need that to get
the leg breaker which I you know you can
tell I've talked about it so much break
their arm you break their leg and
they're instantly out of the fight I
picked up on your clues a and X and then
choose a direction to throw great what
the fuck what the fuck indeed rich I'm
looking I'm looking like say coaxes
psych psych coaxes cy k o u X is say
coaxes thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we do
yeah I see that structural weakness
whatsit I'm just here yes no maybe I'm
not sure I'm not paying enough attention
to tell you for sure I'm in the mental
ward and it's slowly driving me insane
it might before you're out of the mental
or jacket it we very well might this is
the thing what's the thing this was a
thing I don't know what thing you're
talking about
challenge
Riddler challenge in the sanatorium is
the generosity of our benefactors on the
wane what is the generosity of our
benefactors on the wane and so here is
the is the city of Gotham this Union
founded by Bruce Wayne yeah if you see
what you think is the answer of the
riddle hold that lb take a picture of it
right
cuz Wayne also means to lesson right
yeah okay so that's that's the pond so
I'll just know what altar fall third
although he's talking the riddle well
back yeah I can't all right
that's tough rich goes against every
fiber of my being but I will not back
seat game
no no I I'm you know I'm sure I also I
am trying to figure it out where it's
like me unable to be okay well now you
kind of have to tell me cuz I feel silly
you get a no I can't I can't then I'm
backseat gaming jac yeah they already
have their bingo cards IRA if they get
bingo today if they get shocked man do
you see the thing the riddle is talking
about yeah the the plaque for Bruce
Wayne then take a picture of it
okay another happen you sure yeah is it
still isn't marked off is completed
were you not framed up right do you need
to get cool sir button go into for first
person to look around is there something
you can hold down I think there isn't
one of the other games I don't remember
if there is in this one oh yeah
yeah saying subject to small I was I did
by the way I did take the picture and
then nothing happened so I kept looking
around okay so okay settle down everyone
everyone saw me take the picture but
then nothing happened because I had to
zoom in and that's not my fault I didn't
know I had to zoom in what I didn't know
you got it though and I I am proud of
you you know I had it before cuz it was
like oh you supplies are Bruce trying to
take a picture no that's not it okay it
must be something else but it was just
an arbitrary like you need to be
slightly close everything sir Blindy
says if it says subject to small that
means you're on the money just give it
just get a better shot oh and I didn't
even
and he says rich relay this place
alright okay earlier in the chat that
same person said rich thank you for not
backseat gaming jac I'm sure he's
enjoying this more because of yes so
which is it well i am i can either
backseat game or i cannot here's the
other thing rich i did not see it I did
not see where it said subject to small
okay I did not see that so by telling
you it says that I am backseat gaming is
true yes also hold on I gotta I gotta
get I've been wandering around because
we've been talking okay I have to go
through here but I need a thing to go
through here
and this says it was developed by Wayne
Enterprises an attack proof but I'm
Bruce Wayne I can hack it to anything
I'm sure at some point you might be able
to provide oh yes yes a bunch of these
things have come up and I see a wall
that I can bomb but I can't reach it so
I can't bomb it at a table here that's
weird
when he can't read then you intervene
yes that's true I can't read which is
often I am a little perplexed as what to
do here am I not supposed to fall I
think you remember where you came in
comes the first time dr. Harley doc
you're in that room you're in the room
where Harley and Gordon were that's the
other side oh okay that's the exit of
the building you're basically going the
wrong way
oh there you go there you go not
basically going the wrong way I am you
have to go back the way you came and
then some water isn't basically wet you
see your map then you follow that
through to the big room of the guards
were and then on the other side of that
room there's an other door oh and you
know I tried to get in this door and it
said it's locked sighs okay I'm just
looking around now
detective vision ended up i doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo I am Batman
Batman dude okay here we go kicking down
the door
the architecture doesn't really make
much sense does it
you know long twisty corridors a few
doors right I like it when games have
architecture that makes sense you know
there's a balance there's a balance
between making sense it's like like
thief some houses have bathrooms there's
no game play use for that it's just
there they're like the layout
they have kitchens and living rooms
hallways with multiple doors that lead
to like bedrooms that's amazing to me
yes and everyone wants you to spring but
when you walk you complain about the
website again that's true that's true
there's so many contradictions no no I
said I like walking in video games okay
that's not a contradiction I do like
walking in video games and here's the
thing I also like looking at the this
world this is the fun world to look at
and when I run I can't control the
camera which upsets me to no end so
that's why I walk a lot because then I
can control the camera and enjoy the
environment but if you guys want me to
sprint more
I haven't really looked because I use
the default controls are there are is
there an alternate control scheme out by
chance I suppose it's possible I have no
idea that there's a layout where the
sprint button is the one of the shoulder
buttons that could be then again you're
playing on PC they probably met there
anyway what do you say yeah leave it
cache can you control the ventilation
system in there
yes this is what I'm supposed to okay
everybody go to the blowing door go to
the blowing
yeah I like his boots
I like the Batman's boots suspense 21
says Jack plays little-known indie games
and we're all like what the fuck is this
but when Jack finally plays a triple a
game like Batman like oh god I'll
subscribe I'll subscribe just play
Binding of Isaac or something hahaha
right I thought you would find that
amusing good that a bad guy rich where
can I get the best gyro I live in
Milwaukee and you've said there shit
here yeah that kind of thing
they kind of are you need to go to a
place called Mickey zeroes in Oak Forest
Illinois off of Central Avenue around
about 130 ish something Street best gyro
right not not to be confused with Niki
zero which is a little bit further down
the street I haven't had them here oh
there I might be just as good I don't
know okay
I haven't died yet okay but I fall on
the gas a lot do you do you lose health
when you follow McGinnis and climb back
up or no maybe I can okay zoom so I see
a thing over here but I can't quite get
to it
use detective vision and see what's
going on
and I just backseat game this because it
it just became too much for me it was
too much I couldn't help it and I broke
down it became too much for you and II
and you have a microphone in my ear it's
like the chat I can ignore if they try a
backseat game right but you have a
direct link into into my skull so to
your brain yes okay so now I should be
able to get to where I was this is why
they have to protect division what am i
no and you're right this is this is me
being a big dumb dummy yep
and not using the tools that I have been
given so I'm gonna so go ahead and say I
accept that backseat gaming as valid
this guy I just kind of want to cut down
if he's a bad guy but what if he's not a
bad guy what if he's like looking to
change his ways he obviously has like
superb upper body strength cuz he's been
just hanging there for a while if I
rescue him do you think he could be like
an ally no he's just like the punch
inator I don't think that he just
punches dudes even if I didn't know what
happened I wouldn't think that
I don't want to fall on the gas is what
he's saying that just makes me want to
push you in the gas I'm sorry he does
have some I thought was for a while I
thought he was like tied there it was a
kook around his arm or something but
yeah yeah he's yes oh my god by the way
I think I have to make him fall on the
gas uh-huh
but he's not a bad guy well I mean he's
probably a bad guy but I don't know that
he's a bad guy he hasn't done anything
bad in front of me won't kill him
because it's a Batman game and they
won't let Batman kill somebody I mean
you'll you'll do things in this game
which by all rights should Pete kill
people but he's you scan their body
it'll still say they're unconscious sure
I've like like you think in Arkham City
I accidentally knocked somebody off of a
skyscraper and then at the bottom you go
check them out says they're unconscious
Joker gas in this game is apparently
less fatal then can be in the comics
scan him and see if I kill them I I will
bet you did not
Oh sir you know rich yeah take a look at
him
uh he looks kind of dead what does the
scanner say detective vision Jack oh my
god he's unconscious but can you see him
yet because you see how broke he is I'm
sure he looks terrible no you will see
it in a second look look at his spine
this man is broken not what he's fine
he's your son Qaeda's nobody said his
back wasn't broken horribly he's somehow
not dead and so what's gonna happen now
I'm gonna go okay I'm gonna go talk to
this guy over here and he's gonna be
like oh hey did you find Jim the inmate
he rescued us earlier
now where's Jim the inmate oh he's not
gonna say that I know he's of course
he's not gonna say that but I didn't
know all I'm saying is I didn't see that
dude do anything evil so Batman is kind
of a prick what's going on well that's
Batman he is kind of a prick okay what
are you doing over there
yeah help you even stand behind you
creepily once you're crippled you can't
commit any more crimes Sheriff Batman
should just cripple the Joker I'm gonna
get right in here
oh yeah cough gamma
from the Sango
kind of looks like Batman's giving him
the business actually you see a second
you give it a business is is one thing I
know we started late I know the business
joke so that means we got to stop oh no
that was too much for me I'm I enjoyed
that joke too much and that's how you
know yeah I can tell way too late you
you've gone the whole night without
dying that's true I went the whole night
without dying thank you everybody
come on everybody let's hear it um I
think I'm gonna play this more I don't
know if Wednesday it looks like the
weather is gonna be terrible mm-hm and
so we don't know if we'll do a group
stream or another hack and a half or
half and a hack here's here's my call on
that yeah if at the studio it's kind of
a semi-official
off day like Mike's not coming in Jay's
not coming in nobody's nobody's coming
in you know I'm not gonna leave my home
at like 7:00 at night and drag my
computer out and negative 14 degree
weather you know
now just just a stream okay so we could
do a hack and a half what you know what
we're on dude let's let's just pick up
Batman on Wednesday okay that sounds
good because I'm enjoying it so far and
you know we'll just see how long we can
keep this no death run okay not I'm not
officially gonna call it and know that
because no oh damn what's his name the
ever belies er says practice reading
until then
oh oh that's damn that's what me that's
the kind of a low blow but that's fine
yeah that's fine you know it is it's a
lot whatever
I'm sorry I didn't I thought you might
find that more amusing I wasn't trying
to hurt you before the end stream no
because you you just pulled off an
amazing for our Batman no death running
your first time through everybody that's
fine
the positive thing is thank you guys all
for coming out I really had fun with
this thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thank you to everyone
who just came out for the Batman but sex
joke thank you for putting up with us
starting an hour and a half late
honestly really sorry about that but it
was worth it
first capes captain so okay so we're
leaving now
but Evan have a nice night I have two
all day about a Batman okay things got
weird so no you know we already said
goodbye now we're just gonna awkwardly
sit around while you're waiting to get
out of the game and find the off switch
we're just sitting here everyone
