Mar 25, 2015
Zone of the Enders: The 2nd Runner
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4002025
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4002887
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4003002, 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=II-Q3PAl5P0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt-bm6rdb2o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swyKeFpPfc0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/580835872607588352
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/580881449445769216

[Part I]
can you explain I would love to what is
going on
I would love to what have you done to us
I would love to explain what's going on
I am i I like new technology I I like I
like things you know when I like you
know the the latest and the greatest
things and so we we I got a new capture
device the elgato the old one it didn't
work too well on Macs and you streamed
from your Mac right right well and and
we we also were thinking about using it
to capture like VHS is and other
strangers and sure and in general the
Hodges software wasn't something the
hop-on just software wasn't up to snuff
for me it was working fine um it wasn't
working 100% you can you having my
laptop so I see you for streaming I have
your diagnostic laptop I don't even know
if we're streaming is is diagnostic
laptop yep um is there a way I can check
if we're streaming I wonder you can go
to the website website if the stream is
streaming right but you know we still
have the old capture card and my
computer's not a Mac that works just
fine in my computer right it works just
fine
yes stream with it the other day we we
played Maximo we played vanquish written
Frank perfectly I have no hitches on
either of those streams so you know we
get here today it's getting to be close
to stream time sir I sorry I grabbed the
old one I brought it with no I'm gonna
stream I'm gonna streams on the
understood no no no I got I got this new
card yeah it is one percent more
efficient it is not 1 percent more
efficient one percent more efficient 45
minutes jack has been like installing
and uninstalling strange saw
we're on my solid-state hard drive
that's kind of small to begin with him
because it's solid straight now it's
gotta it's got a limited limited number
of right times is there's just stalling
shit uninstalling it left and right
reducing the lifespan of my hard drive
by years yeah by years and what's what's
our current status jack are we running
what no no not even not even close the
second runner is that updating updating
this room ok great uh no we're not even
close
we're not even close because so uh Wow
I've got my own capture card it's
sitting right next it's got all of the
cords fucked into it where they need to
be no I really you know I really just
need to plug it into the back of the ps2
it's true it's true ok so here's here's
my here's my explanation so yeah all
you're seeing right now is the color
bars and you're hearing us which i think
is great you know so the way the old
capture card works
oh the hodge HPR whatever PVR HD ever is
you have to open up the ha pod capture
window and then in open broadcaster make
a little capture box to capture the
window and so you have two programs
running well that's one extra step well
well but not only do you have two
programs running like your capture
window is not always the same it's
there's a latina there's there's more
moving parts right because the hot pod
capture software isn't the smoothest I
think blank screen and so with the
elgato OBS recognizes that as a pure
video input device so you don't need
another program running you don't need
another point of failure and here's the
real important part I was using it on
Windows this afternoon while we were
playing blood-borne and everything
worked fine everything worked fine on my
computer but when we try to get it to
work on Rich's computer app
woman happens and so that's the thing is
it recorded perfectly through OBS no
other programs needing to run you get
nice crisp video takes up the full
screen it looks nice everything is great
except for on Rich's computer I'm trying
to analyze this I think I think we may
have gone wrong by setting this up 40
minutes before this stream but it worked
so well for me earlier it works without
a hitch earlier we recorded all of our
gameplay this afternoon using this menu
you do these things early so in any case
so rich thought it would be funny if we
were just streaming a blank screen so we
could start technically on time ish and
now we need to hook it all up through
the old capture device because it's just
it's just not working and here's the
real here's the really weird part is you
can hit listen to this now that's the
sound that the ps3 is making now for
some reason the screen yeah but the
sound that's the sound that is coming
out of the TV right now through your
capture device through my cat
in any case so now rich wants me to hook
it up live as as penance you got this
Jack you know what you're doing well
you're on this side of it okay so I'm
hooking up are you are you gonna try and
get the new one to work
what do you wonder we need to hook up
the old one we need to hook up the old
one cuz the new ones not working do you
know why I thought you I thought you
thought you knew why I thought okay so
now you're unhooking the elgato which is
it I'd like the elgato capture it works
great so why are they starting so early
uh rich wanted to start early and we
sweep like that for hours as a home we
can we keep going on until midnight or a
little bit earlier since we got oh okay
so what now the old capture device is
all hooked up in a bit you know some
time failure is always an option and it
happens sometimes some you know you just
you try something new and that's the
price you pay for trying something new
it's it's it's very funny it's very fun
it's the curse of the wolf I think
you're right
what you got here is a blood-borne not
very good one at that no I don't know
what that's from but it's funny
ah all right so now we open up oh it's
been a while since I've used the hull
pouch how about you how about you
capture see you got this like big gunky
thing on your it's big donkey rich okay
we need to play a game I agree but you
know it's on this tiny screen it's gonna
mess with the quality or something
people want to see game people people
want to see game people will be seeing
game in in mere moments people will be
seeing game maybe because the Hauppauge
capture is and is taking its sweet ass
time because it's the and by the way the
the elgato capture software is equally
as wonky I'm sure that it's both both of
the the proprietary software is wonky
which is why I liked going through open
broadcaster even for just recording
stuff if anyone was around earlier we
accident I accidentally streamed for two
seconds that's great but see we're still
waiting for component videos they know
it the only one but I was trying I was
trying something new
we're nerding we need to give ourselves
more time to do this shit we do know 10
minutes before the stream is probably
nothing best time to check audio levels
you get you get it the studio an hour
earlier that like we were we were here
all day week everything's fine start
streaming in your streaming and you know
you're good okay well you work on this
I'm gonna work
we are rich wanted to scream my failure
that's great
oh there look Jack I got to working in
like a minute
I hate well it was far less than a
minute I got it working I think it
literally took me five seconds it
literally took me five seconds which is
making me drink beer pressure I'm having
serious issues
did you pop out the chat already do I
need to refresh the screen Jack where
did the check on the channel the chat
has vanished yeah that's that's fair
okay that's fair
well that's what I'm asking you where do
you want where do you want to try set
you up with your microphone so people
can hear all the things that you have to
say or not say
which was invented so look at a blank
screen and here people this is why
people want like a camera on us what
what sub did we miss
now that we know we're having technical
problems and we're not really seeing the
chat because we're trying to get the
stream running but since the most
important thing in the world is to
announce each and every subscriber who
did we miss hey what did we miss us I'm
gonna hold off getting the stream set up
until you tell me who I missed because
everyone's bitching about it the jet
we're all waiting we're all waiting for
you to let us know so I can say it out
loud because apparently the whole chat
already knows who it was because they're
richer deponent totally not Jake thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
totally subscribers are special miss
that still sounds like sarcasm yeah
I can't I can't tell when you're sincere
or not my good friends no I know you're
being sarcastic
what Oh
okay so what big important controversial
thing oh that's right you need the the
new oh is that okay we had to update all
of the the jams the jimmies oh yeah I
got a message about that yeah we got
they got hacked or something so there is
a new this is not letting we shrink this
window after letting this shrink this
window left or right letting me
yeah is that weird it's kind of wonky
software is that why you're trying
something new
I suppose try something new okay because
sometimes the software gets a little
we're walking yeah no it's a great
password the password is my balls are
itchy 6969 okay is rich streaming by
accident no we're streaming way on
purpose rich wanted to stream our
failure because he wanted to make fun of
me because he thought that would be
funny
and I'm gonna allow it because I think
it is I think it is funny I'm glad you
guys Kenny Julie are my family it's my
god you're back yeah I know you know
what I for shit Oh Jade Tyrone sloth
ropes that says he saw Elephant Man for
the first time today and it it's become
my favorite David Lynch movie oh good
what are your thoughts on Elephant Man I
like Elephant Man a lot I haven't seen
it in a long time but I love the look of
it I remember it's like odd for David
Lynch because it's uh so like emotional
yeah yeah it's very uneven Lynch II it's
very classic yeah yeah yeah it feels
like an older older movie than it does
yeah so I really like it because it's
not David Lee well I think what happened
is he made you know Eraserhead Mel
Brooks saw it and over X loved it so Mel
Brooks's company you know hired him to
do Elephant Man yeah that was a big
movie so then they hired him do dune and
that was like a horrible disaster he's
like fuck all this they make blue velvet
yeah and then he's been making his his
own movies ever since I'm not going to
be able to see the chat yeah that's okay
well well you'll be playing I have my
laptop here that that's the actually the
weird thing the weirdest thing about
Elephant Man is that it's produced by
Mel bro
and he he there's a like a little
behind-the-scenes featurette on the DVD
where Mel Brooks talks about and how
much he loves it
oh yeah y-yeah the fly was Mel Brooks
tell me so there's a little period where
he was producing interesting movies by
interesting filmmakers it's really great
yeah that's really great and now he
wants to make space balls to really
don't get me wrong
well some this was the last one the
Dracula doesn't loving it I think it's
the last movie directed that was
terrible
yeah I would imagine he is I'm sure he's
pretty old yeah and he hasn't directed
anything and I mean he did the producers
the stage version of it I think he
directed some of that in the East but
House game vine do you want me to check
the same with the fly like all he talked
about was how the distribution company
required or like wanted his name on the
box because when L Brooks it was the big
name oh but that would throw people off
exactly Mel Brooks presents the Elephant
Man bad is an elephant whoo yeah yeah
you can't hear the game at all at all
whoa Oh
what is this this is some crazy anime
this is a game this is a game there's
like cartoon yep it's a game that looks
like well game a little bit hmm all
right give it a minute for things to be
adjusted and then tell me what it sounds
like we're just talking about cartoons
now what's going on here though that is
where I slap this shit together that's
what I still can't hear the game audio
it off oh um try turning up in there
check
very oh oh wait now it's a little too
loud like half that right then on the
lower right that's great that's that's
great that's great that's sound good all
right okay everything's great
everything's great we did it everybody
how long is this have you been stirred
we've only been streaming for 19 minutes
we figured it out in the first that's
true because by the way right now if we
wouldn't have been streaming I would
have been kept trying to get the other
thing to work yeah but it works for
recording the game footage is that a
naked lady why is there anything because
Japanese what kind of game are you
playing
forgiveness under bits yeah this is oh
oh he's never in naked in the game of
course just in the weird introversion
they made for the release and it she she
just birthed the shiny ball from her
wound areas and now a man has it and
it's exploded this you're saying now
this makes no sense I mean they
basically made a music video yeah okay I
know I'm saying I get it
just been suggested
oh she's not naked apparently she was
wearing a skin colored optical optical
camouflage suit that would make sense
that
your time okay great well you're in a
robot job like robot jocks only insane
robots
yeah well this you just play around and
warp speed okay destroy things with your
giant sword I think I'd prefer big
vulgar clunky robots I did my morning
edition of course but I think they're
more entertaining to watch
I appreciate both you like MechWarrior
that's the clunky robot series okay
Oh tonight it's it's rich Jack and day
and day you might not be here for a
while but he's hanging on works works
satanic cheeseburger thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
what y'all think of the person I loved
it hope you were asking oh hold on of
young yeah
avi Anja thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated
I really liked the last person orissa
and and it had been so long since we
filmed it I completely forgot about all
the movies oh yeah yeah yeah that was it
was interesting because I didn't watch
the movies this time so I was watching
it from a different perspective huh than
normal and what did you think of the
episode or just the movie episode it was
a quality episode it's something that I
think about often which is if I wasn't
part of the show would I watch it you
know yeah
I think the answers yes that's good a
surprise there was so many people that
were shocked that none of you knew who
Cynthia Rothrock was lots of comments
about that oh my god mostly just being
Mike
no yeah yeah Josh was I'm familiar with
her and I'm familiar right but it was
annoying cuz you guys in your discussion
you're talking about you know can you
think of another or any sort of
comparable female action star from that
era right and no one can think about it
and then I see it comments or everyone's
like we're probably too Hamilton in
Terminator 2 it's like that's one person
in one movies already one game at all
Sigourney Weaver is not an action hero
no we're talking about like a van Damme
tell you bro you know somebody just like
stunts and
Jackie Chan like that kind of thing her
only action role is Ripley Yeah right
and that's naughty I don't even know if
you can count that as an action just an
alien just an alien right and so I
thought it was weird that everyone went
to those two people and it's like that's
nothing at all only what we're talking
about the same with Linda Hamilton
that's not an action role until
Terminator 2 Ryan well that's what they
were saying yeah so that one role in
that one movie is comfortable Samantha's
entire career it's comparably to a sea
of Michael Dudek office
well obviously Cynthia Rothrock is on
the level of Michael duty cough those
are like B movies yeah actually yeah
that's painful oh but that's what I'm
saying like I can think of people like
Michael do to cough like and there were
a sea of dudes
sure yeah there's like so impressed with
her she's through stuff too she's in
like a like a horrible no budget
Expendables type movie like all-female
Expendables it's like her Vivica Fox
who else is in it Zoe Bell from Death
Proof the atmosphere and then like one
other person just like this for balls
degrade it might be in a silent movie no
not you know what I checked up on her
like on Twitter she's still like
fighting machine is still acting yes
like she's still around good for her a
great time that night but yeah like the
the important part is why didn't we know
about everything yeah and like I saw a
lot of comments that she did a ton of
foreign movies oh yeah she's making Hong
Kong Hong Kong that was it didn't quite
make the transition like under siege
yeah yeah and that's what you guys were
talking about yes like that like a
Steven Seagal I've never seen a Steven
Seagal movie you need to fix that I
don't know if I do is I need his face
there's something about his face
yes oh I hate him I do like hard to kill
them they kill okay for my birthday one
year her friend got me like a DVD much
Teddy oppa it's it's amazing because
Steven Seagal is an actual Aikido master
he can act like and there is video
footage of him doing his like final
Aikido training which is where like
eight dudes just attack you and you have
to defend yourself against eight dudes
and he he pushes them aside as if it was
choreographed so he was actually amazing
yeah but on screen has so little
Christmas yeah is like looking at a tree
stump
I have seen one movies he's in
machete there ever a tree goes bad but
that doesn't count he's all like weird
and bloated now hanging out with Putin
no and by the way I was unaware that
undefeatable was famously the source of
the best fight scene of all time
oh yeah the YouTube yeah oh yeah I
recognize it as soon as that that fight
started yeah yeah but even like seeing
the characters earlier it didn't click
until until they got shirtless and then
it's like oh my god I've seen this
before yeah yeah I think I had seen the
movie before that click went viral rich
apparently if you press R to keep doing
what you're doing because it does what
you wanted to yeah that's the lesson
this game is zone of the enders the
second thing the second is it's the
second one the second runner the second
runner runner is there one for island
your giant robot pilot they call it
okay the second ender
gum BOTS I I've only seen a couple
episodes of every frames painting oh
yeah people have recommended that I
haven't wanted to name it the
interesting there there's one that I
really liked I think that was kind of
dissecting Wes Anderson shot composition
and I thought that was really great the
one that I think was really bad he was
trying to explain comedy uh that time
bag and great thank you oh my god he was
trying to dissect Edgar Wright's comedy
editing hmm and I think he actually did
a really bad job of explaining why so
but it is more analytical it's not just
like a generic YouTube review things
yeah yeah and it's it's like showing
clips and showing examples and trying to
trying to explain why we like the things
you like I think some episodes are
really good I haven't I've only seen a
few though yes yes
people have recommended that what are my
thoughts on Nutella it's the greatest
thing in the world if sounds great if I
if if I could choose like you want you
get one food for the rest of your life
it would be peanut butter Nutella
sandwiches it it's like crack cocaine
what is it it's like chocolate and it's
it's chocolate and hazelnut okay but
it's it's not chocolate it's just like
cocoa powder so it's not terribly bad
for you and it's high in protein oh
really and so like you know you take
like a scoop of peanut butter scoop of
Nutella and that like helps curb some
cravings and it's not technically the
worst thing for you that's good as long
as you get like the sugar-free peanut
butter chocolate and Nutella sandwiches
honestly when does the game start this
is this is a rich Evans game right here
the game starts
I've seen danger 5 have you ever seen
danger 5 no it's on Netflix yeah yeah
it's British Australian okay I've only
seen the first season but it's very
funny is it they just did a second
season right they did I know the second
season is like 80s it takes place in the
80s or something yeah I know so little
about it the the first season is pitch
perfect every single bad Italian movie
was never seen oh yeah brilliant
the attention to detail like miniatures
for establishing shots Oh everybody is
overdubbed okay and it just slightly
doesn't match it's like Bert it's
perfectly not matching okay I could
watch this you really should watch it
derive its I can only attest for the
first season but conquer beer thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
danger five for someone asking other
titles it's very good engine all stained
your mouse that is a cartoon also a
hip-hop producer
not to be confused with mikeymouse which
is just a cartoon or modest mouse which
is just having also not to be confused
with the house of mouse which is a
series of Mickey Mouse cartoon just top
I'm just talking these are the things
that are coming into your head I'm
answering people's questions telegin I
know absolutely nothing about Top Gear
or Jeremy Clarkson what
Jeremy Clarkson is a host of a British
car show called Top Gear and familiar
with the title of the show yep
apparently he did something on the show
or outside of the show that was
controversial and so BBC decided to fire
you good welcome
yeah or whatever doesn't matter guess
what
he had a boss and the boss didn't like
we did fired there are people upset I
think it's unfair yeah I know nothing
about that literally that's all I know
is he said something or did something
either on the show or not on the show I
don't know that thing happens in a guy
you get fired a gun fired people get
fired all the time
so that's all I do fine it's fine
nothing nothing matters oh I did see it
did you see Jesse Eisenberg as my future
oh it's like a promo shot right I saw it
I didn't know if it was real or not like
it this looks like someone photoshopped
in balls yeah you know what it looked
like Jesse Eisenberg bald yeah pretty
much I don't care that movie's gonna
suck this is the we need to stop it
everyone listen to me I'm looking at the
microphone because this is really
important you need to stop giving a fuck
about Man of Steel if you stop talking
about it
if you stop clicking on the websites
that show these pictures then the
website will stop posting the pictures
because they're not getting ad revenue
because people aren't clicking on it and
if they stop posting the picture people
will stop caring about Man of Steel
which you should do you should not care
about it stop it lots of people do care
those Lots people like that Man of Steel
movie fucking it makes no sense makes no
sense
apparently this Jeremy cart Clarkson guy
punched someone he punched his producer
okay then I that's true even sure I
could see why I wouldn't want to someone
working for me to punch me yeah yeah
Master Kenobi double-oh-seven thank you
for subscribing for the past 10 months
we very much appreciated
what pictures should I be clicking on
right well this is the thing this is a
concept in naked ladies it's a great
thing you can find that on the Internet
yeah where or naked dudes if you want to
see a nigga do whatever you want
anything naked that you want to click on
there's there's a concept in free market
capitalism called the dollar vote right
which is by paying for something you are
essentially you are essentially voting
for that thing to exist right and the
same concept holds true on the internet
when you give someone to your view when
you click on something you are voting to
support that thing and so this is the
more we talk about it the more free
advertisement they get the more hype
that is generated for Man of Steel or no
or dawn of justice is that the name of
the Man of Steel dawn of Justice is that
the name of the movie
yes Man of Steel dawn of Justice awkward
yes or maybe no maybe it's just called
dawn of Justice okay that's that's
better
Oh maybe might as well just call it bad
it's it's all anyone cares about right
hey did you call Batman versus Superman
versus Aquaman versus Wonder Woman
versus like the movie a Michelle eighty
thank you for subscribing best seven
months now we very much appreciated know
people are saying this Batman vs suit
justice yeah that's still an awkward
title it's called Batman vs Superman no
I think well I guess that's to the point
yeah I guess it's but Batman vs Superman
: dawn of Justice makes it sound like a
sequel it is right it's veal man with
steel : Batman vs Superman : justice
that's the title right because
technically it's a Superman movie that
Batman is in I'm sure but they want to
they want to be sneaky about it so it's
like they want to do the things that
Marvel does but they don't know like
they are not doing them as well they're
not building up to it right
we finally had a hit with Man of Steel
so let's just rush right into every
other character showing up in the next
movie where it's like you have the
individual movies and then you have the
donuts just oh you got it you gotta jump
on it immediately
you know what Marvel is doing yeah we
want the same results but we don't want
to put in all that time it's because we
know the whole movies that's a lot of
work
we know that by we know that everyone's
gonna be rushing out these superhero
movies and so the fat is gonna die soon
so we should rush out more superhero
the Man of Steel dawn of the policy of
no refunds oh I kind of like that one
better Man of Steel also Batman muscle
hedonist that's a good name I like to
look at the costume yeah I'm just gonna
be completely negative I wanna be fine
I'm sure okay by the way are we putting
money down that Batman is gonna get into
like a giant Iron Man type contraption
oh yeah because that's what that is his
default like fight Superman in a giant
robot oh yeah that happens in the Frank
Miller right doesn't wear some sort of
suit yeah I haven't read that one wish
we never use it except when he's
fighting said Ryan even though that
would really come in handy like for
every other situation it's overkill in
any other situation yes it would make
the encounter end quickly
yeah
that's all we got strain sorry I fell
asleep for a minute there thanks for
coming out appreciate it thanks I'll do
some gardening
Jack please tell rich almost no one
knows about this trick in this game but
if you press r3 or l3 while a DA is
talking to you you know while ADA is
talking to you in-game
dingo s the main character will say
positive or negative things back to her
it's really cool enemies are coming in
for the red green force but join up you
can either oh no we're in trouble with
your sponsor I can take care of it with
the positive response and does that
affect the gameplay it's a cute little
thing it's like it's like you have these
L 3 and R 3 buttons and saying well why
the fuck don't we use there's one
there's one gameplay thing with these a
little bit later in the game there's a
spot where like the computer anus the
computer little robots ok estimated
battle time this is 90 seconds and if
you hit the positive response you like I
can do better than that and then a
little timer pops up on the screen and
if you beat the time you get a little
special hidden item oh that's neat yeah
yeah other than there's no game it's
just it's just the meat okay no I think
an r LM cooking show will be really
boring we've actually talked about do
realize this is a joke
it'd be like the Weaver cooks those
videos
they'll just be like opening cans and
putting things on plates right and then
putting them in the microwave this is a
sandwich it's peanut butter Nutella the
first thing you have to do cover it
evenly now you can use the same knife
but then you will get a little bit of
peanut butter you can give me tell a jar
but that's fine because there's a show
there's an episode right there
make it happen let's do it tomorrow well
you guys didn't know we're filming it
right now yeah
no internet producer has ever had a good
cooking show no I've seen no I know I've
seen one episode and I know it's very
popular
there is a youtube cooking show called
the nerdy nummies
that's a horrible title it's it's a very
it's a very energetic young lady and and
it's it's sickening as a grown-ass man
to watch her because she's just so happy
making adorable things it's like shut up
already but I do I hate it I do I hate
it I do
and I just hate it because I'm a cynical
old man but I know it's why are you so
happy about food right
oh you made a cake that looks like Kirby
Lodi fucking duh
oh you made a cake that has rainbow
layers so it's pretty when you cut into
it
fuck you but I know it's popular amongst
younger viewers
because it's a super happy lady making
videogame food desserts I don't always
have cute things but like it's when
they're excessively sweet I'm usually a
pretty positive person but even even I
have my limits yeah is it like does it
feel phony is that food I don't know
maybe maybe I'll never know I'll never
watch it
someone's keeping track of all the
things I haven't seen that I've
mentioned tonight that I haven't seen
how Steven Seagal movies show whatever
else we were talking about no it's not
like excessive niceness makes me upset
it's just ha ha it's just fun like
sometimes you just want to say fuck yeah
it's true yeah very true no and I'm sure
she's being a good performer like you
know she knows she has to put on a show
her didn't get and maybe she is she's
just super happy she cooks pretty tube
and gets millions of views and she's the
happiest person in the world for her
Oh someone's asking about well they say
the dennis quaid they mean randy quaid
have you heard about the Randy Quaid sex
tape
you've seen it nothing out the clip that
went viral like an actual sex tape Oh
with him and his wife and barking dog
there's no way about the one where he's
wearing the Rupert Murdoch no no I think
the reason he made the whole sex tape is
because that clip was so popular oh no
it's like explicit sex video Randy Quaid
looking like a homeless man why would
why would why for attention and because
they're both mentally ill yeah yeah no
that River move up clip yeah yeah yeah I
watched that and like people were
talking about howling crazy and funny in
it's like it just makes me sad no way no
I have my limits you know what I can
honestly say I never had thought that in
my entire life and you already know cuz
you can just watch Christmas vacation
and that's one of the visual Gaghan it
is his pants are so tight that you can
yeah what is this I know he wears the
shirt that's so tight you can see the
Dickey under right isn't that same
season it's no I want to say it's like
it's no it's just throughout like his
pants were tight you can see his his
dick bulge and that's why later
remember the the wife is calling the
police and she says it's a large bulging
man oh it's because you can see his dick
I look never notice apparently I look at
his crime look at people's dicks and
that's just what I do apparently I've
also seen Christmas vacation some 1,000
times that is a holiday staple was no
sure until you rig
check why do you notice this right it's
bulging also for the person who asks are
they scrolled up and I can't see anymore
they wanted to know rich if we were
going to give Dark Souls another try
after playing a little bit of fun I
never said I hated Dark Souls we played
up one night I was playing it while
streaming and getting bad advice
yes wacky stream we've talked about this
before that wasn't a judgment on the
game no but I what I can say is the
little bit of blood-borne that I played
so far does get me make me interested in
playing more Dark Souls yes yes
Jack confirmed for dick no desert 100%
sure okay
ever seen back really
then we've always got a bump in oh jesus
that one I didn't like this
that's impossible not to notice it's
hard to say I'm assuming it's simple
Constance
sure I'd never seen Libran maybe you'd
like a wall cam great legend day I
watched great makeup great van Gogh in
Korean that maybe looks fantastic
yeah no you know what I don't know if
I've ever seen Lambert Wow watch it with
your kids lots of great creatures in it
and and David Bowie's dick
when I was kid when I was a kid I was
watching this is a I can't when I was a
kid I was watching labyrinth with my
grandma and my grandmother asked me what
it was and I said David Bowie is king of
the fairies and she started crying not
king of the fairies okay
and you know what I bet David Bowie
would be king in the various absolutely
he's king of everything by the way David
Bowie's awesome yeah mall rat Cole thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate these past States
I'm saying that David Bowie is too much
man for any gender I'm I'm saying there
are there are very few people in this
situation David Bowie one Prince is
another where they had the pants party
and everyone was invited but everybody
fucking showed up I mean that's just how
it works was the tomb really honestly
worse than the item yes yes I mean a lot
of people just that that is the worst
movie nothing but words like the Idaho
was art school garbage but I want to say
there was genuine like effort behind it
we were engaged by the heat yes there
was nothing to be engaged by in the -
yeah okay we were not exaggerating when
we called the tomb a straight-up scam
allegedly the item was almost you know
like normally we look for some bad it's
funny yeah the item was more we hated it
so much it was almost in some ways
enjoyable really so much it was good at
least it's getting some sort of passion
of feeling ology right oh man and did I
hate that movie the item yeah yeah I
hate that guy the director or whatever
it was mark is that it closes first I
think to to me logic oh yeah yeah I mean
I didn't see all the tomb but row books
like that I was about to tweet something
very special just realized I hadn't
tweeted that we were streaming in oh and
I'm about to tweet two very special
something's the chat remind you no no I
remembered
so get on Twitter right now promises
promises fulfilled

[Part II]
We didn't know Cynthia Rothrock, and you know like we're, Jay, Jay's really the..
Jay did.
Jay is really the...
Jay definitely did.
Jay is the b-movie aficionado. He is he is the cultivator
You I'm something like
it generally amongst all of us you are
the the king of the b-movie you know
like this is the B movies really your
passion that's true where the rest of us
all enjoy them
okay but so it's like you know someone
is mentioning again they're shocked that
we didn't know with Cynthia Rothrock was
oh yeah but but that's don't you see
that that's the problem why don't we
know because she was awesome
did Josh Josh probably yeah he was at
least aware of her but that's right yeah
Johnny
Josh is is right below J mmm I mean no
one could be above James there are 
people in there no one that I know but
you know she was great the stunts in
that movie were amazing and I'm shocked
I had never seen it like in Saturday
afternoon movie theater that's where
I've seen all my bad movies like
endlessly on channel 18 so we get of B
movies yeah I just read that they their
first season two of Fargo the Fargo TV
show which is really good Ronald Reagan
is gonna be a character in it okay he's
gonna be played by Bruce Campbell Bruce
Campbell is Ronald Reagan clearly the
eighties Ronald Reagan era at least the
second season I don't remember when the
first season took place it took place
after the movie and the movie was early
90s it took place I know it took place
earlier
yeah I thought that was interesting
that's really oh no and by the way the
tomb worse than things I've been very
vocal about my hatred wait the worse
things the worst thing this is amazing
here's your here's your choice for me
what is so great you are forced to watch
one again I can't your your force you
have to you have to you're gonna say
things it's gonna be bad yeah cuz at
least stuff happens in oh my god
the tomb is beyond insulting again I was
not exaggerating when I called it a
personal insult that movie that movie is
a straight-up scam you should take the
good episode to sit out on right have
you ever seen Bubba hotep yeah good i
watch like the first five minutes
couldn't finish it you only watch five
minutes ten maybe give it more time ya
know I like that movie yeah alright yeah
Bruce Campbell's great in it
I saw someone mention him he's like I
tried you know like cuz it's the
premises he's Elvis in a retirement home
fighting the mummy fighting a mother and
a mummy that feeds off the souls of the
this old folks you know rest home now
because they're too weak to fight back
right yes they're old that's great and
he plays the real Elvis - faked his
death so he could live like he switched
places with an Elvis impersonator oh the
Elvis impersonator that really not
gotcha yeah have you ever seen Irish I'm
not oh good a little anti-climactic but
it's more about the the mood
the whole movie than anything sure sure
giving him maybe I'll put it on the
lists all right low on the list I'll put
the bottom on snow right be comedies
usually but I know Bruce Campbell but
still yeah because it's it's not like
like overly wacky or anything like
there's there's humor but it's very
subdued do you mean like a b-movie
like a horror thing that's also a comedy
I'm sure yeah no it is I mean there's
like independently make comedy usually
clerks
yeah I'm just friendly I'm trying to
think of like what level where it's like
like you know early suck her brother's
you know that was even the early Farley
Brothers like first time in dumber was
it was a no budget movie
well the street wasn't like
straight-to-video right right why not I
can't think of an example of like a
straight-to-video good I know there are
some my brain is not working right now
trying to think of titles they don't
stick out like like the bad action here
because the end of their pride is
passable no yo that is passable movie
yeah I'm sure like cannibal the music Oh
cannibal great I haven't watched that a
long time yeah or Orgazmo yeah excellent
examples
yes I'm like Sean of your dad was very
low-budget buddy that got a bigger
releases night yeah I look at that as a
higher caliber than yeah then cannibals
music
a bad taste was made for 10,000 New
Zealand fun books taste was shot on
weekends over the course of like four
years was it yeah Jackson that Peter
Jackson he knew what was up have you
ever seen Dead Alive
fuck yeah oh that's it oh I mean that's
great little boobies great yeah yeah we
gotta say it's probably the goriest
movie I've ever seen I mean spoiler
alert
a man straps a lawnmower to his chest so
he can run for a house full of zombie
creature things it's awesome oh my god
I'm just remembering bits of the movie
now like when the mob turns into the
thing and oh yeah man I need to see
Reseda and that's a thematic thing too
it's not just some like weird or thing
or you know it's bogum it's down it
means something yeah
Oh Peter Jackson he's got the four sound
B's his mom included at the dinner table
and there's three zombies and then the
ear falls off into the pudding into the
custard and the guys yeah if anyone has
not seemed that alive go stop watching
this right now and go watch it sure you
don't see the I don't even know if it's
available anymore
are rated cut that is horrendous when I
was hacked out all the gory yeah oh how
awful that's yeah that's dope like that
movie is excessive yeah I watched it one
son I think I bought the VHS copy of it
not realizing it was the cut version and
it was like 15 20 minutes short of like
and it made no sense cuz it wasn't like
they tried to edit it in a way that had
any sort of flow they just cut out the
gourd and it was almost like an
experimental that's terrible
yeah I think I think I want that not
knowing what it was oh really I was just
like in a zombie phase and it's like you
know the goriest bill they're gonna yeah
I'll walk to that blew me away
I love the babies baby Salman little
zombie baby as the apartment takes him
to the park and he's got in the New York
he's whacking it against like the swing
you know what I have never seen these
beetles no Josh refuses to rewatch meet
the Feebles
like that movie makes them sick yeah
that makes me wanna lie I only saw it
once I don't know why I didn't revisit
that the way I did they play dead alive
I watched dead alive a lot when I first
discovered it oh deadlines I mean Dead
Alive is fantastic I'm sure meet the
people's has sellable quality I don't
know why I just never
I remember the VHS ad supercut thing J
played on the stream that was awesome oh
yeah Memorex Memorex yeah that's great
it's on Vimeo go watch it yeah that and
they did another one called skinemax yes
thunderpants is not the best movie and
best of the worst
as far as just being quality no so we're
good yeah I didn't I actually I did not
see thunder prints I was just thinking
of something like extra ice crows great
I think I'll take underpass let's yeah I
suppose I'm not a big horn right right I
love dextro your town is nextstep senior
asks this question a couple times
Mike edited the last best of doors and
he'd probably cut out that scene because
he's at your town is asking why the
one-liner at the end of the fight seemed
undefeatable oh it's some sort of ie
pond yeah maybe we didn't make any jokes
because the episode was like 2 hours
long that's a lot also that it's because
you can't show the movie in the entire
in this entire do you have to cut out
such a small bit they're all small bit
they're all small bits in they head out
yep that's the magic of editing in the
tree yeah you can just watch it that's
it yeah that's the thing that whole
fight scene is pretty pretty famous so
I'm the youtubes it's so great that
fight scene so it's so ridiculous and
again like we talked about in the
episode like so out of place with the
rest of the movie because all the rest
of the movie had these like kicks and
flips and stunts and then literally the
fight is just two men like hugging each
other right
that's what that's what I'm saying it
was out of place in the movie which made
it extra weird
dr. mayonnaise rich talked about doctor
managed a lot and a lot of that guy yeah
a lot of it got done I mean doctor
managed was there it was a major
character in the film but just at the
end of the day the film was not worth
talking right right yeah I remember and
we filmed the discussion you guys are
basically just saying the same things
over and over but I boring it is so yeah
just trim it all down
so saying sometimes after things get
intense you just got to hug it out
that's exactly what happened at the end
of undefeatable two dudes who've been
fighting a cop and a rapist murderer you
know there's just I don't know if there
will be I see someone asking for an
outtake for that and so there probably
won't be a need oh it's boring like a
lot of yeah things get cut for a reason
yeah if if it's good you will see it
well yeah like Jay said a lot of times
one word in the discussion we just end
up saying the same thing slightly
different yeah and then you just choose
the best way we said it and
that's a weird question telecom it's
weird enough we're all answers who's my
favorite celebrity chef gordon ramsay
gordon ramsay is pretty good gabi Gordon
Ramsay Alton Brown I had the only person
I know is gordon ramsay gordon ramsay
great other chefs he's great but I don't
like his shows where he yells so all of
them no no he's at like he has just like
his cooking show which is just him
cooking his great oh I didn't know he
had a cooking show his I really enjoy
his non American restaurant rescue Oh
Kitchen Nightmares the yeah he's a lot
more subdued before it became like an
American it's funny atcha if you watch
what I was like a the original show and
then the American back to back it's like
you can really tell where like the
American reality show producers got
their hands on it it's terrible and like
the briefs version or whatever channel
it's on there wherever it is like it's
so beautiful he actually like takes time
and talks about like what makes things
nice yeah like what they're doing wrong
he's very specific he's very meticulous
but that's all the American shows is
just yelling and it's it's it's awful
and every episode has the exact same
structure yes like it's this every
episode is the same thing yes yes but
sometimes I do like watching them yellow
people though it's relaxing soothing I
like I don't like I don't like Hell's
Kitchen
I've never watched I make his scrambled
eggs
his scrambled egg up and he taught me
how to make the best scrambled eggs how
do you make these scrambled eggs no okay
it's actually toughest shit okay instead
of making them in a pan make them in a
pot rubber spatula a little bit of
butters and then you literally never
stop stirring them to the point where
when they're done they're not gonna look
like scramble you think scrambled eggs
should look like think about like meats
like medium rare versus well done right
you're making your eggs almost
medium-rare where they're soft they're a
little creamy and they're not they're
not fluffy and dry they're soft and
they're creamy and when you have them
the correct way it will blow your mind I
will look into this because I eat eggs
every morning yes I eat eggs every
morning as well and I've moved on to
hard-boil ins just cuz they're a little
easier to prepare like I prepare ahead
of time a little faster cuz that's the
thing wrong come you cannot leave your
scrambled are you constantly stirring
that you put them on the heap for a
little bit and you can never congeal
like they can never come together
hey come on keep stirring
we need a cooking show where you're
cooking other people's recipes it really
it really is it's great and then you
don't add salt beforehand that's the
thing you like they'll be done and
you'll think you like you'll want to
cook them more but you can't I am
they'll be firm but like creamy and oh
my god and then you put salt on it
afterwards I'm salt and pepper yeah on
it afterwards and it's a texture and a
taste like you can't believe okay
sounds like too much work for B food
it's a lot of work
eggs should still be cooking one you eat
them that's true that's a true of any
food like food is not done cooking as
soon as you take off the stuff there's a
little carryover but it's it's a it's on
YouTube it's scrambled egg Gordon Ramsay
scrambled eggs
he mate he puts like cheese and shit in
there and I don't do anything yeah no I
don't put anything names except
well I mean salt and pepper of course
but I also just recently discovered in
the spice section I didn't know this
existed ground jalapeno I sprinkle some
of that on there add some sriracha oh
it's awesome that sounds great yeah yeah
like a little bit of butter to start the
pan and that helps the cream butter
great for you
that's our that's our egg discussion I
was there scrambled eggs discussed in
the chat they were saying hey it's not
every video game internet stream you can
learn how to make perfect eggs I
literally eat eggs every single morning
yeah and so making delicious eggs is
really important when that's what you
eat every day I really like yeah and
then so then what I usually do scrambled
eggs and then I make a big thing is
spinach you know frozen spinach just
heated up okay and then black beans oh
yeah
then after the eggs are done cooking mix
it all together so you get creamy eggs
that kind of like themselves around all
the spinach and beans you then put in
salsa verde that green with tomatillos
so sorry a little sriracha so then it's
like salsa sweet and savory and creamy
and delicious that's my breakfast almost
every morning fuck am I going to eat
tomorrow morning shit also that is not
necessarily true there is there has been
recent studies about eggs and
cholesterol yeah and there is no
definitive link between eggs and
cholesterol
well I eat egg whites anyway like I
separate I know that you don't I do i
scramble up its two egg whites and one
that's a that's that's fair but there is
there's no there is no link between a
high cholesterol diet and high
cholesterol this is a this is a real
thing if anyone watches a fantastic
youtube channel like healthcare triage
they they talk about
this is the thing that would like all
these studies about health it's like
every week there's a new study and every
week there's new results yes
try and eat healthy won't kill you
vegetables that's true just eat a
shitload of much unless of course they
they use pesticide then you're fine
you're fine
basically your fuck tomato Bobby because
I think he owned stock in the company
that made the other vaccines now and
that was it like especially tricky
because like he put out his his findings
and then immediately after everyone said
no these are none of these findings are
true but no one was listening to
everyone what's that bit where's it late
you know it's like if Google was a real
person and the lady asked Google yeah I
have 1 million results but say they
don't and I found one that says they do
and she grabs the one the pro measles
book because you don't want to vaccinate
against measles more radical is correct
it's probably just healthier to not eat
there's your solution just do that don't
eat anything
no I really the basically the so it's
not high cholesterol its overall caloric
intake check-and-balance of room where
we're learning that like carbohydrates
are probably what's causing most of high
cholesterol and weight gain
yeah and so it's about balanced
vegetables protein press carbon some
curved lines which it's weird we're
learning that common sense is a thing
you should eat a wide variety of foods
empty carbs and fucking love empty carbs
I love carbs in general the only empty
carbs I really get her is the mirror
yeah I don't drink that hardly at all
anymore that's the thing I love carbs is
why I can't happen because I carbs and
cheese two favorite things so I don't
which Stan says I only eat rocks and
glass it's vegan that's technically true
well depending on what's on the rock
space Comeau thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate pizza is the
perfect pizza is the perfect food all
beets is great you get dairy with the
cheese you get vegetables with the sauce
you get some some light carbon get thin
crust because then there's not it's not
as carbon tax and you know if you want
to up the protein just get all the meats
there's a really amazing pizza place
they have a pizza called meat talakad oh
yeah it is three kinds of pepperoni two
kinds of sausage and two kinds of ham
and bacon
it's the most glorious thing it's
beautiful it's beautiful get one slice
of it every two years and that's all I
eat that's that's it about 13 months 13
months left and I get to eat I have
another slice I'm really looking for I
just hope they stand it your town is
next I I think in general it is illegal
to mail liquor people have done it
people have sent us beard
but if you package it well enough yeah
they probably won't check right wrap
tons a bubble wrap around it tons of
bubble wrap I think though technically
it is illegal I have no idea I've never
looked into it so therefore I'm not
saying you should send us beer or liquor
I'm not saying you should send us beer
or liquor I wanted to be very clear
about that
thank you our same is that people have
jack what are you not saying I'm not
saying you should send us beer and
liquor how's the military situation
you're not saying that you should send
us beer and liquor
I don't know if I
I don't know it's that's why I can I
have no idea that's why I cannot condone
it fight and your light your right
loving loving life whoo
oh I'm sorry Meisner you're right
Meisner I am an expert on how good
packages look even more so and it's
associated with Randy Quaid
yes
oh my god wrap your beer in a thick
layer of pizza
actually no that would be real gross no
but that was very funny oh yes Janki oh
I did get that tweet about the TIE
fighter animation written do you see
that no someone made a like 80s anime
inspired TIE fighter cartoon based on -
II will watch it you know we'll watch it
later
it'll make sure rich watches
rich Evans murders hobos it is okay to
drink beer by 6:00 p.m. be cool about it
one maybe two like one or two glasses
like yeah they can be bigger glass for
glasses
so maybe that's three Bob but I mean
you've already gotten rid of half of
your six-pack so I mean you might as
well just finish it off otherwise you're
gonna drink more of it tomorrow you're
cleaning up basic yeah yeah so maybe you
know what's that they think that it's
ridiculous how many cuts things there I
know I know I think they're good they're
fine even sounds great sure the subject
matter is far more ridiculous but the
way they handle it is so much better
it's it's funny because I know people in
the chat have often asked if you watch
an animation this is this is dis anime
this is anime that you want when you
play with a robot it's a lot of the
anime tropes but they managed to handle
it in such a way hmm the tone is just
just right that I can appreciate this no
no I think that's fine that's fine
that's fast there's a lot of hard
science fiction in this universe okay
sure
like the people who live on Mars they
are just naturally weaker and have poor
bone density than the people from Earth
they pay attention to hard science other
than the weird technology that makes the
flying robots sure whether you have to
have some fun yeah no I'm it looks fine
it looks very fun you know what it
almost reminds me like the action of
vanquished but you're flying instead of
slice oh you know this
makes you feel like you're floating
sheriffs like triangle makes you float
up you feel you play this game you feel
like you're floating oh that's neat yeah
that's great try for a bit if you want
you know what I'm fine I hear my real
problem is I don't want to play it
because I still have blood-borne in my
brain and I don't want to relearn it
yeah what yeah the cutscenes are a
little crazy but I just don't you know I
know oh no and you know I'm not I don't
want you to be pressured into skipping
cutscenes no pressure right Phoenix
Phoenix has a very important question
for your attendance rich does not enjoy
your running hag I do I do but you're
not shooting spikes you're not starting
yeah rich and I played rich and I filmed
us playing blood-borne this afternoon we
I mean we each maybe got an hour and a
half two hours yeah places so we'll take
it home we'll play it that that's the
next episode you guys know that we
probably won't stream it just because to
to fold two reasons why we won't stream
it one when we streamed a very similar
game we had a bad time because of youth
and so we want to go in with a clean
slate
for review sings and and to you know we
don't want to we don't want to spoil any
of the review you guys don't care about
that I'm sure but more so I want to make
sure that when we play it it's not it is
very different playing a game while
streaming while talking to us here while
talking to you it's very different so I
want to make sure we give it as good a
chance as possible
because you know that's what because
we're professionals you know what it's
true it's very
there's not enough Ford's isn't there
one for my god all over the place
oh I think they're bluffing oh there's a
there's an axe there's a cane and I
didn't use the other thing but I thought
the other thing was the port I know rich
like 40 looks like it doesn't wait for
it
you know what I don't even buy one I'm
not a fan of me they don't like them if
I have a weapon in the game I usually
don't pick afford what about real light
though I think I would be bad with a boy
yeah let's say let's say you can only
have a male a big hunk of iron with
spikes on ultimately in a real life
situation yeah I want to not die right
that's a bit I'd leave us I've been
trained to use the weapon I want to play
it as safe as I possibly can can I main
the shield but that's my weapon that's
just a big a shield to shields on the
front one in back yeah like a turtle
sure yeah if there was like a longer
crowbar I think I feel like a crowbar
doesn't have the reach because that's
really important in a real fight I don't
want to be anywhere near anyone else
well sure
that's why I think like if if I could
choose just any weapon it wouldn't be a
machine gun it would be a sniper rifle
like if I could become really great at
one weapon it would be the weapon like
I'm saying I'm saying this in this
magical universe where I get to be good
at one weapon right oh good you're
actually good yeah all true I have to
begin a war
yeah I want to be I don't want to snipe
at all because it's kind of boys yes and
video game I'm gonna shotgun in your
life I want a sniper right yes
no that I assumes we're talking about
real yeah a jack for turtle factor
absolutely I want to be the one that
doesn't get hurt
I can only assume this is meant for Jay
Jay can you stop making space cop and do
the sequel to pork pork in space instead
yes okay I start production tomorrow
great there was a running joke back when
we were making pork Parkin space for the
sequel to it would be pork Park and
space in space where the movie the
physical movie goes to outer space I
never got farther than that was there it
was there a pork pork yeah pork parking
spaces technically Seagal was a movie
called so we did for that called pork
pork about a man who had this weird
deformity where his foot was a cat and
great and he's tired of his foot being a
cat so he goes to the hardware store and
he buys a hacksaw and he cuts it off
throws in Denali a young lady finds it
discovers it and the cab becomes her
best friend and then when he sees how
happy the two of them are together he
misses the cat he tries to get it back
from her no he doesn't they'd be
compromised to come back at me oh it
will be spoiler alert I tried to
remember this is even on my youtube
channel or not I think it might be no
what happens is they they cut it in half
and then they're in the foreground and
they're arguing about who gets which
half and as they're doing that the
camera kind of zooms past them to the
cat and the cat just like melds itself
back together special-effects high
school era eg this was in high school
this was later but this oh it was just a
stuffed cat like I'd be interested in
redoing it and we're making like trying
to get like a realistic look like it was
just something we slapped together
anyway for fun oh is this on the archive
DVD no poor parking spaces but pork pork
is not because
I would have to re-edit the other thing
for music reasons something we did for
the hell of us but ever seen parking
space are you sure that's it's not
really the only connection is thought to
main characters from pork pork are in it
not as themselves but oh they're saying
it is on your YouTube according to dick
neutral pork pork pork pork isn't is on
Jesu too
close attention I paid in my youtube
channel oh my god you're so wrong
san gyro Tsubaki says Jack mushrooms and
pepperoni are the best pizza topping
explain to the stream why you are
incorrect mushrooms in what pepperoni
no no pepperoni sucks in general
pepperoni is the most generic like pizza
topping ever Bridge has a pizza we're
hanging out with a osteoporosis dance
ladies gutter in their gut remain
nameless sure and we wanted to order
pizza okay
and me I like to play chess piece sounds
fun
yeah uh Betty
alright Betty insisted that it have
green peppers got a green pepper organic
remember I know you don't open Apple I
want pineapple and clean the pepper and
primer and and Canadian bacon and she
ordered all of this shit including
pineapple and Canadian bacon which is
fucking awful on a goddamn bleep oh no
it's the best favor pizza we're trying
to argue with her and she had to have
these things on her pizza and so okay we
got we got half and half we got half
with the pineapple and the Canadian
bacon and the green pepper and the
onions and the water was full and the
other half cheese pizza shows up Betty
ate the cheese the plain cheese pizza
mmm she didn't eat the heaven she
ordered she apparently she took us like
a bite decided it was terrible she's
that that poor Linda wanted what a bitch
yes that's pretty terrible
yes that's my pizza topping story did
anyone call her out on it didn't I took
the sacrifice I let I let Linda have my
section of the cheese and I you ate the
gross discuss disgusting pineapple bacon
and whatever the fuck else that was
pineapple and Canadian bacon is a nice
pairing I like that pizza the sweetness
the salt and saltiness together with the
cheese no that's a good the Hawaiian
pizza is fine yeah
see right up I'm not saying it's my
go-to but I think it's a fire oh it's
great I think I've had it with those two
toppings and green peppers I want to say
I have I don't know what the situation
would have been that seems weird but I
feel like I have like the slight spice
and tang of green pepper seems like it
would throw off the balance okay whole
game pauses and you get really here's
here's my go-to you know like I like a
wide range of pizzas
I enjoy lots of pieces there this really
fantastic pizza place that I go to has
an amazing belly and fried egg pizza oh
my god egg and pork belly and then it's
like it's like an overeasy egg so the
yolk drips all over the egg it's
delicious but my go-to is tomato and
bacon okay little a little sweetness
from the tomato saltiness from the bacon
tomato bacon that's my go-to and so that
is what I would consider the best pizza
not in any way shape or form mushroom
and pepperoni no mushroom and sausage I
would have said is acceptable sure
that's a nice bear yeah
why is Nessa Tate a big deal because
rich says funny things sometimes and
Mike likes to point it out Mike edited
that episode so he wanted to point out
that rich messed up a word well that was
more than just pointed out like that was
yeah that was pretty obvious that was
that was Mike because if you'll notice
in that episode like rich dated a couple
times and eventually got it right so he
could have just added out that entire
Nessa no you never did get it right and
it just didn't happen yeah pressures on
at that place I see Nessa Tate oh thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated I didn't do a thing that I
found this funny it ended up getting cut
out but because rich leaves and you guys
continue talking for a while so I'm my
camera angle I had the angle that was on
I was coming the mic and rich angle haha
I just zoomed in on the empty chair so
like as you guys are talking you just
cut to this empty chair but it didn't
end up idling
think telly on I think we're talking
about this before worst jobs I've had
many jobs kind of think of weird job
stories I like I've had weird Jones
you've had nothing but weird jobs you've
got all sorts of weird things stories
tonight geez rich has a job in pieces
art go okay and I just happen to be
we're talking about me and one of the
other boys talk about what the best
locally right sure manager California
he's friendly they have shitty
California this he chimed in on what
good pizza was he said never he had
Domino's Pizza have you ever had those
pizzas in the Chicagoland area because
we know it's crap we've heard of them
sure sure you know I I went to this
great little Italian place who live
guard on the family owned joint there's
a an office episode where Michael
Scott's going to New York City and these
lots of try real New York Pizza so he
goes to that's his authentic New York
Pizza I'm sorry if we missed you leave
fattiest Scott I apologize if we missed
you but thank you for subscribing we
very
that's a good piece yeah I think that's
good that's important I don't know if
I've ever talked about my job as a
dispatcher speaking of just weird jobs
for a while I was a dispatcher for a
local short range and logistics company
which is neon courier service yeah I
need this package to go here in
announced right which was an immensely
fun job because it was like a video so
so basically it was my job to tell what
drivers want to pick up and when it
needed to be where and it was really fun
organizing them around the city like oh
you have to you know if we if we have
you pick up this you get on the way you
can pick up this and then drop it off
here and it's a nice little line you
trying to keep your drivers happy you're
trying to keep your customers happy and
you're trying to make sure that because
all the drivers were independent
contractors so they could at any time
say no to any delivery but and you know
some of the customers were okay with
deliveries being late and so you know
you kind of have to learn the plone
keeps drivers Cathy keeps customers
really great experience the only problem
was I needed to be to work at 5:00 a.m.
and not like at work I needed to be
working and so it was 5:00 a.m. to 1:00
p.m. was my shift okay so I handled all
the early morning deliveries which was
which was great except for the fact that
I could never do anything I couldn't go
out yeah that would fuck up my whole day
I think you're often like one and you're
like now what exactly and everyone else
I knew was either at work or at school
doing something it's like well like what
call to do now yeah and then when they
were all off work I needed to go to bed
yeah
your game better since I've been cutting
because you matter
and for I saw the question of asking how
many people are usually behind the
scenes during a best of the worst
filming by varies sometimes one
sometimes two oftentimes none most of
the time the answer is zero if we're
lucky there's an extra person who can
make sure that the microphones are in
kuching out but believe
Rebecca we did the wrote or episode and
we had to reshoot the entire discussion
because there was just no sound we have
to talk about wrote ever twice and we
did we did it shocking yeah yeah it's
cuz it's so like the way we do those
it's so spontaneous the discussions so
to go back and redo an entire discussion
of three movies or more with that one
because that was the one where we watch
more movies yeah yeah to redo all that
that's amazing
that it actually kind of worked yeah
yeah so rich yeah what would you say is
the draw for this game what's what what
are they why should people play the zone
of the enders super fast paced action
okay but more so the second one second
one is we burn at least as far as
gameplay actually goes yeah this one
well like you said it seems like
movement is incredibly intuitive yeah
and and so that immersion level of you
just being a flying robot you feel like
you're flying you feel like you're
flying planning this game I love that I
love all the axis of movement I think
that's great and that's what you need in
a flying mecha and would yeah you're not
like going up and down automatically
based on targeting whatever your your
your your control
upper-case CCC the only time we've ever
lost a best of the worst episode of what
Jay was talking about we're like we had
all the video of us doing the discussion
but the audio decided there's some sort
of glitch right cuz I only you know we
always test the audio make sure
everyone's getting levels and stuff but
I don't know if it's like multiple
microphones died I don't remember what
the situation was but it was an earlier
it was one of the early ones in there is
one lost episode that wasn't the famous
Memorial Day episode that was real day
incident lost but that is it was
scrapped it's great yeah be thankful
that was fair to everyone who is now
going to ask for that episode to be
released no matter what yes no no you
don't want it
Oh people are saying they also like the
first one they wish it was short but
yeah I love the first one I do yes if
you're gonna start the series second
ones on business sure you you think the
combat is better than this I do okay
was it was the first one also on ps3
this one is pull this thing of my
knowledge it's the clutters kind of
thing oh okay oh they were ps2 games
yeah okay if you buy any collector's
edition get it for ps3 and make sure you
download the hash somewhat someone
famously never when this first came out
like breaking and breaking things sorry
the ring rate was terrible Oh 30 frames
it was just terrible it was so bad that
Hideo Kojima took it upon himself he
took his own team and they just made
their own goddamn patch for this
completely I'm involved with third party
that poured it over to oh god this
terrible we can't we can't we can't
accept this
and I don't think they did that on the
Xbox version so if you get the the
collector remastered Edition get it for
the ps3 and make sure you download the -
that's really good to know yeah
Johnny Jimmy Depp yes this is robot Jax
again look 100% is coming to blu-ray
thanks thanks screen factory there there
probably won't be anymore
Don or Dan Wilson segments percent
improv yeah that was just rich being the
genius that he is earning his wages
right there Don Wilson I got I got I got
his like we're gonna developers we're
gonna we're gonna cut up body parts and
we're gonna put them a dead ball nothing
we're gonna sell them this is a cure for
rabies okay cure for rabies
oh yes and we've all seen the animated
version
oh yeah which is prank oh yeah it's
really funny what's very what's very
funny about that is the animator made
the same visual mistake that I did which
is a night which is when rich talks
about building platforms oh that's for
the cameramen to give you the POV of the
giraffe right yeah yeah which by the way
I'd never understood that Oh like
witches yammering on it's just like why
would the giraffes be on platforms for
the cameramen so it's from a giraffes
point of view right which I'm really
happy that the whoever animated that
made the same visual mistake I did which
is picturing the giraffe on the plant so
I wasn't the only idiot I can see how
that might not be cleared everybody

[Part III]
yes and I agree basically whoever is
doing those animations and the prereq
animations we love them and we think
they're super funny we very very much
appreciated
oh god we should hire them to make care
boars to their whores - that starts
production tomorrow yeah right after
right after we do the free throw meeting
for pork pork in space in space yes we
start the pre pre pro meetings for care
boars - it's gonna be busy day tomorrow
basically the more yep yeah oh the
animated clop is one of my favorites
oh my god it's it's so spot-on
like I thought the other parts were
funny too like especially the cackling
as I was being decapitated that was that
was funny clever I mean FTL was all is
also a beautiful animation that flank
cannon whoa oh yeah because then you get
you get riches Ric Flair and there's
nothing better than that
yeah Quaffle cop is one of my favorite
segments
plegh of grapes a the platform's being
for the camera is stupid that's not fun
I agree I like it like I said when when
rich was saying it when I was watching
the episode I was picturing giraffes on
platforms it was just like I guess the
dreadful I get it now
actually I think I only understood it
after I saw the animation and I was like
that's really always the
Jack: Oh, my god. Mr. Plinkett's Be Bustin' Service: Part 2.
Jay: No.
Jack: No.
Jay: That won't happen.
Jack: Not even joking.
Rich: I was having such an off day.
Jay: Was that, like, the first time we did anything with Plinkett in a really, really long time?
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: That's right. And it was just an ad-lib thing, and it didn't work. Yeah, it was that, and then I think we did Feeding Frenzy shortly after that, and that was, like, the first...
Rich: Was it shortly after?
Jay: Um, maybe not shortly. I don't remember the timeframe of anything.
Rich: Because that was, Bee Bustin' was, that was before the, even the first Plinkett review, wasn't it?
Jay: Oh, yeah. That was well before.
Rich: Feeding Frenzy wasn't until the, the Next Gen reviews were all done. So I, I wanna say, it's close to a year.
Jay: Yeah, okay. Yeah, maybe a year in between. That sounds about right. It is also hard, I'm, I'm sure, to do Plinkett when you have no material to work with.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: Let's just point the camera and say action.
Rich: That's Mike, though. Mike, Mike does that, so...I'm used to it, back in the day. Aaand, begin!
Jack: Scripts? What are you talking about? What's a script?
Rich: You're Rich Evans, be funny.
Jack: Yep.
Rich: What are you talking about?
Jack: I don't know, fall down or something. Oh, sorry, Zakno, we are not playing Bloodborne. Um...
Rich: No, we never said we were I know you might be
competing you know we played the order
while reviewing it but but we had
already played a bunch of it beforehand
and we kind of knew where that review
was going after playing I think we
played a good spot
five hours before we streamed it and it
had made up our minds five hours into
the eight-hour game whereas blood-borne
we played a little earlier today and and
still you know have not formed our solid
opinion of it yet so we don't want to
stream it because when we played a very
similar game on stream some assholes
ruined it for us
here's a question jack but because the
order 1886 is essentially a movie right
yes so what is worse that for the - okay
yeah
the tube is worse I'm given the choice
like you either have to replay the
entirety of the order or watch the tune
I would rather replay the order Oh watch
the tone yes - uh short tomb is much
shorter but wait and watch the - just
for lame yeah just really they then
you're saying that the tomb is better
this is how I'm making my decision is
would you rather I'm playing the game
would you rather luckily you don't have
to do either of them I won't again yes
the real Quaid makes a very important
point Ridge which is prereq should not
review blood-borne because we have no
clue about games like that I think he's
saying because we're so bad at games you
should know before you play just like
before you see a movie you you know if
you're gonna like it or not yeah yeah
stop seeing those movies that you hate
but is the whole point to to experience
something and then explain your thoughts
on that thing you experienced I don't
know isn't that the point that's that
sounds almost like a like a conversation
about about a genre or media in general
then some people would have joined maybe
maybe buddy do or even don't like the
same things you do but you can still
take what we say about it and form your
own opinion like like signal my heroes
right sure okay I heard about that from
a Yahtzee review okay and he had some
negative things to say about the game
but just listening to what he said some
of that stuff sounded really interesting
sure I want to see this for myself
what am i hearing is true I discovered
it because of a a so-so review of it
yeah we're still giving enough
information to decide yourself
yeah that's so weird though it's
deciding for yourself well that's that's
the thing sometimes like
in the bag or like you know if we
recommend a movie or don't recommend a
movie it's really kind of irrelevant
we've just talked about the movie for 20
minutes like if it sounds like an
interesting movie to you even though we
didn't like it even though we don't
recommend it you should be able to make
that decision yeah
which which is the thing that I enjoy
about half in the bag and the thing we
try to do on prereq is we're more just
having a conversation and we're inviting
you to join in on our conversation about
games or movies or whatnot
and you know hopefully like you said we
give you all the tools you need to make
your own opinion yes I don't ever used
to say that the thumbs-up thumbs-down
thing was always sort of putting a
little bit of a curse for him because
it's like that's you're taking
everything he says and boiling down to
just that yeah like that's all you focus
on right it's the same way like it's
more it's more complicated man that's
just a simple you know like right that's
his way of expressing it in the most
simplest terms after a much larger
discussion about right which which is
why in general I am against number
reviews okay that's a big video game
thing how many out of ten having a five
oh yeah I hate that yeah I originally
wanted to do nonsense numbers for
pre-record yes 52 problems will be
something different with an entirely
different scale of numbers the only the
only issue is Conan does that bit for
clueless no I'm explaining through the
chat why
all right
you shouldn't feel bad for liking
fermitas I think there's a lot I think
there is good aspects to Prometheus and
I've always said that prometheus is a
fine sci-fi movie that falls part of you
that's how that's my feelings I'm
community it's fine got a lot of
problems
only is six that's pretty good if it
only goes up to six and starts at three
right I really dislike the number system
and because it's like two games can be a
completely different experience but get
the same number then people can like
ranked games based on the number it's
like no it's about something bigger than
right
it's about experiences you dillweed
Oh Jay they're asking when the next
quicks cuts will be how tomorrow sorry
mom really that's great
discontinued no no I've just been so
fucking busy that kind of is like well
that's the least important thing that it
could be doing right because we know
that it's not a done no no I think I
only did like four and then it was like
we got space cop we got all these other
things a lot of space combat it's not
that it takes all the old quick ups
takes much time at all but it's still
like this time that could be spent focus
on other things it's still time
it's still time I would like to do you a
probably will do more at some point
good
what a good lot of people a lot of
people we're concerned about not even
really just supposed to ingest you
either I can do it it's basically
whoever wants to say something yeah I
almost did one for frozen oh that's
right oh speaking of recently I remember
when when were you when we watched
frozen together cuz that's a normal
thing that adult males do one of the
things that you said about it was it
seemed like there was a ton of songs oh
yeah I felt like there was too many
songs too many songs I recently saw for
the first time in decades Mary Poppins
which by the way is two and a half hours
long is it really not exaggerated I
haven't seen that since I was a wee yes
it's very good but well here's the other
thing a nonstop music oh yeah ridiculous
music frozen is a musical there's only
one good song great you're crazy I guess
maybe that's the problem with the
president is it-it's not that there's
too many songs it's just that I didn't
like most exactly sure so it made it
feel like it was too many songs I have
oh I like to something else
well no love busy love is an open door
okay alright fucking Rock trolls or
whatever those are that stupid song that
was like this person's about to die
maybe you should stop with your fucking
song and help her now that was a bit
under that song bit unnecessary that
songs you know what other songs been
unnecessary the stupid snowman wanting
the summer song but we don't need that
oh yeah where did that where did that
even come from why do you want summer
yeah a musical number should help
forward the story like the motion come
to a complete halt for a music video at
least yeah we could talk about we can
talk about Mermaid Beauty Poppins cuz
it's just the length through yes and
it's like the the length and the story
is all over the place and it's it's and
the musical numbers the musical numbers
not only are is it back-to-back musical
numbers the songs themselves go on for
like eight minutes and like extended
dance like breakdowns and it's like I
don't fucking care about any of this it
actually made me want to watch that Oh
saving mr. banks yeah it finally it made
me want to see that because it seems
like there's a lot of darkness and oh
yeah Mary Poppins every Poppins
you're right they're just watching the
snowmen sing about summer they're just
standing sing about summer also why why
does he want summer what why is that a
thing
other than that's funny like he doesn't
realize so melt like his mojo closer
yeah but he's this fucking stoma how
does he even know summer is yes exactly
right it will it needs to further the
story or characterization and it
furthers his characterization but it's
dumb it makes no sense is there he sees
summer yes no doesn't even remember he
makes the kiss Achuar than ever I think
we do it's not like Bell was beginning
of the beauty of the beast singing about
wanting more out of fight yeah you know
yeah well she's also the main character
of the movie yes not some supporting
comical Envy like were there any musical
numbers in Beauty and the Beast that
were like completely revolving around
there's be our guest which is kind us
not just like them characters introduces
movie hasn't stopped to a halt hurt the
chandelier the humanistic chandelier to
sing a song about never it does in the
extended cut isn't true this is a real
thing is there even a human chandelier
in the movie I personally know in the
extended cut of Beauty and the Beast
there is an additional song and it's
like Christmas theme song it's very
strange and completely unnecessary they
added it for the
this is the thing I know because I did
this a musical shit but it was cut it
was cut from the theatrical release as
it should be right because it's
incredibly out of this area listen do
you have you have the option to watch
Justin theatrical cut you do okay you
have an option and that's the important
always give people an option George
Lucas to show it's coming
is that a confirmed thing now a blu-ray
yes I heard that there was talk of it I
don't know if anything was confirmed it
is confirmed no release date yet okay
you know these before over and by the
way it's money in the bank it has been
announced the original the original cut
of all free the original Star Wars
trilogy is coming to blu-ray is what
we're talking when was this confirmed
because I've heard stories about it I
want to say we can happen well they cuz
they haven't announced a date they've
just said yes they just Disney
officially said yes it's Disney
officials potential damage so you have
to stop the other two factions from
fighting before everyone dies
is that a shield or what was that blows
I think this thing there's a thing thing
is oh that's an arrow
I'm not lying to you I read this it's
real it's a real thing
original trilogy on blu-ray someone find
the confirmation form in link someone do
that no official release date yet but
like Jay said it wouldn't surprise me
actually you know what it might not come
before the theatrical release it'll
probably come right before the DVD
release those three and Episode seven in
a box set and then two years later when
Episode eight comes out there at least a
new box set had included now you're
talking this key free releasing it how
many times as people bought the original
Star Wars movies yeah I would do it I
would do it just to get the originals
just to get the originals in blu-ray
quality here's the real question though
who are they gonna have shoot first it's
the original that it'll just meet God of
course but they change that in the
theater like for the for the first
theatrical change that you the first the
special edition
no they choose a change time shooting
first for the first theatrical
re-release yeah the special editions now
this but no not the special editions
they change it before how you think
you're completely wrong when our
compiler I'm googling when when did they
change how you tune for the 97
specialization you're wasting your time
first I'm gonna believe you but
check is wrong everyone say it you're
wrong
yeah I'm sure listen I'm sure I'm wrong
but if I if I'm if I'm confident in my
wrongness you guys get enjoyment out and
so he it's a win-win for me because
either I'm right and I get to say haha
I'm right or you guys get a good laugh
out of it
you guys have positively reinforced me
believing in my own stupidity is a real
thing I think the only thing that was
changed before the special editions was
they had an episode for to the opening
night Nick when he was in theater I just
Starbucks there might have been other
minor really - it's okay I'm here at the
Wikipedia page for Han shot first Han
shot first is a phrase referring to a
controversial change made to a scene in
Star Wars 1998 or 1977 in which Han Solo
Harrison Ford is confronted by the
Bounty Hunter Greedo in the most Eisley
cantina the change was made for the 1997
special edition re-release of Star Wars
and has since been altered twice more
yeah has been altered twice more they I
don't know about twice I know what they
did they shortened the length between
both of them shooting so it was almost
like they shot at the exact same time oh
really yeah that was Lucas's version of
compromising for the film's 2014
absorbers and it's worse dodge oh yeah
altering the film again so the shots
departed nearly the same time yep and
then for the 2011 blu-ray release the
shot of Han and Greenough firing at each
other was shortened by several frames
in a reddit interview with fans when
asked who shot first Harrison Ford's
Harrison Ford's reply was simply I don't
know and I don't care yes I've heard
that before
Harrison Ford's gone on to have like
this amazing career and do all these
movies I think he gives him fuck you
know the answers nope
I'm shot first was always a lyric race
to me because Han was the only one to
shoot in the original Berlin there was
no shooting first he just shot him wait
so in the friend the original Greedo
never she doesn't use I'm just shoot
someone to the table because he's an
asshole give me the time that's still
happening okay
you remember though the George Lucas
costume at the convention the costume
contest yeah oh yeah I played it safe
because that was a one-take thing hmm
but I originally wanted to go upstage
where's upstage I wanted to grab the
microphone and then say Greedo shot
first but your instincts were correct
oh they have a little gift they have a
little gift of the of the recut too many
people have been killed I can't believe
how long this Wikipedia entry is it's a
big controversy on honcho well you know
it epitomizes everything that is wrong
with the the special editions like that
one moment epitomize with it okay I
think that's why I heard good things
about it did you see Kingsman I did not
the friend of mine did and he said it
was lower I've heard it's fun yeah yeah
when I first saw the trailer for it I
didn't know what the movie was it was
Colin Firth and he's doing all these spy
type things I'd be really funny to get
to the end of the title was the King's
Speech part 2 yeah here it's a little uh
it's it's correctly over the top yeah
that's what I've heard
mm-hmm I'm sorry that we've not seen it
yet
you're right Star Wars is a serious
business
it is and it is unfortunately or
fortunately Jack can we edit wiki to
show how wrong you were
I think that would be a redundant entry
to be like in 2015 a guy was wrong
a guy was wrong and checked Wikipedia to
to realize that he was wrong about a
thing he said that probably wouldn't
stink so I was I would say don't bother
that's what Wikipedia is for is is to
check your facts
so
like I said it's a win-win for me either
I'm spectacularly right which which
never happens it might happen one day
like one day it's gonna happen I'm gonna
be confident and correct and you guys
gonna be like what but in most other
situations hopefully you guys get some
entertainment out of me being
I don't know what Star Wars rebels
cartoon yeah so I guess the answer's no
I have nonsense don't care not the
biggest Star Wars fans in the world ends
of the original movies yes that's where
it ends for me yes
not necessarily I'm almost few the games
sure you know I really like the
battlefront games plenty those oh and
those are for those are really fun yeah
but you don't have to please come
troopers you play very nice it's I I
think those are just the perfect amount
of fan service where they create the
battles from the movie they can be
ordered they don't have to be doctor
killed the cats thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
I thought the battlefront game for fun
there just there's so many missed
opportunities there's so many cheaply
slapped together Star Wars properties
like to give or play oh no it first
LucasArts first Star Wars the original
people in charge they wanted to make
sure they get it right right that's why
remember get to do this we better do
this right really doesn't matter anymore
but it's it's so upsetting like I was
playing do you remember the Boba Fett
game for ps2 no it's terrible it's a
terrible terrible game but I know that
it's a game in which you get to be Boba
Fett you got a rocket pack you got a
grappling hook you got a laser it's
awesome right it's like the simplest
idea yeah
you're a dude with a jetpack and you
hunt space criminals it's one of the
most awkward and clunky games I think
I've ever ever played just because they
didn't give a shit
all right I'm gonna head up good hang
out it's a good good get out oh my god
it was a jingo fat game of course of
course it fucking was the same person
because they were close no Bobo's the
copy in their alter tonight in their in
their weird prequel timeline sure in
reality in the world we live in Django
is a pale imitation of and I refuse to
refer to what it's the other way around
well George had the idea for Django 20
years I don't know is it good
Boba Fett was a character created by a
costume designer yes you have a good
night no okay sorry
I know you people like your coat or
I dislike that weird that's why I've
never played is because I can be talked
into playing the first one but I mostly
just don't care okay okay okay thank you
dr. Celtic and I won't be expecting the
beers because we've told you that we
don't want you to share a beers to us
Oh Punk wrong nothing wrong with him
your fucking years what it okay
sorry about that everyone microphone
malfunction
which is super loud really really sorry
about that
nope I'll do say I fixed it everything
is pick rich can you talk
okay now we should be good
I believe you can't hear rich now sorry
okay
now you should have more rich
okay
languish ah maybe a like I said yeah
rich is an audio mixers worst nightmare
it's true he just he has a very he has
an unusual voice quality where no it's
not a terrible voice quality it's just
it's just unusual where we're even like
you your levels are always hot oh my god
both both my health and my some weapon
energy ammo oh that's great knowing very
little about the Dark Souls games so far
what we have played of blood-borne is
incredibly similar to Dark Souls oh yes
yes
dare I say shockingly similar to dark so
obviously it's like that's that's what
the developers are known for they're
gonna make a similar game Sony wanted an
exclusive title but so far the
similarities are I I'm gonna describe it
I'm gonna describe the similarities as
sickeningly similar where it's almost
it's almost weird how similar the titles
are
this time I have no rod no plate and no
field
it's literally dark so yes you're right
look it's done blood-borne is literally
dark souls with a new coat of paint on
it's so far so far it is everybody knew
this going in it's really just being
able to make a sequel while having this
fresh coat of paint on it yes just for
new designs new setting and this is
things okay with it I'm not saying I'm
not saying that this is a bad thing
necessarily I'm saying that it they are
incredibly similar and you know so if
you like Dark Souls but don't want to
look at Dark Souls anymore this is the
game for you you know I like platformers
I'm not going to complain when another
game is like a good platformer right you
just want a new uh fresh coat of paint
but incredibly similar so far yes ludis
Prime that's why we are not streaming
blood-borne tonight is because we do
want to take it in we wanted to take it
in without without the chat without the
chat helping us as you tend to do
look what they've done to me
I think the reason that people so
someone is saying it like if this game
is so similar to Dark Souls within who
cares why is everybody all up in this
game's ass I think that's a lot of
people who are console only players this
is a if you are a ps4 person this is a
ps4 exclusive games you know like and
that's all you're looking for if you're
a console person you're looking for that
one thing you can hold over other
console peoples uh-huh you can't play
the blood board your Xbox one I can't
you know you can't you can't play the
blood board on your fancy steam machine
can you you know are you good gold the
other PlayStation I think it is a dumb
attitude but this is why Sony has been
advertising so hard for it and this is
why people who have a PlayStation 4 are
so excited about it because they want
that thing that they can hold all the
people say but again we have not had
much playtime with blood-borne so far so
our our observations are very limited
dr. kills the cat I think that was
either a Dark Souls me more troll we
don't know what it is we don't care we
say sectoid
in your professor frink voice oh well I
think that if you look at the SEC tides
they'll go up to the guy in Haven oh
they don't want the freak voice they
want the solo they haven't seen the
Zelda had no I was doing the French
voice just now okay they were there
asking for the Frank voice yeah I think
they think the the Zelda voice is the no
it's a different part because the Frank
voice is is there a blood theme in
blood-borne yes there's lots of blood in
blood-borne
yeah it's a Jerry Lewis voice that's
what the Frank voice is Frank what it
what is it is perfect another Nutty
Professor Jerry Lewis's the Nutty
Professor is Frank's the original Legend
of Zelda ad for the NES beautiful circa
1984 the us original and just just do it
it's amazing it's beautiful yes and
Blood borns marketing strategy exactly
was making people aware that it's
another Souls game like Dark Souls I
want to look this up actually this is I
want to look up the initial how did Dark
Souls originally sell because I want to
say that it did not sell well and became
a cult hit Dark Souls I'm gonna I'm
gonna Google that right now Dark Souls
ah god damn you Dark Souls 2 we can take
a break I'm done playing games favorite
okay I want you to play game for good
I'm gonna play games all hours
demon souls was the original and that
was a cultist
okay Dark Souls then demon souls some
Dark Souls - I think it's the a little
better Demon Souls Dark Souls Dark Soul
demon souls was first and was a ps3
exclusive and apparently that okay okay
I like that and that became a cult hits
so then when Dark Souls came out and was
available on more platforms that sold
well ok Demon Souls Dark Souls Dark
Souls Dark Souls is a spiritual
successor to From Software's Demon Souls
okay alright fine do you guys know if
there's a website like box office mojo
for video games box office mojo does
like weekend
I googled it
whoo
VG's VG charts
is that it I'm clicking on it I don't
know if I should there's a VG charts but
it's very inaccurate well doesn't help
me that's it oh my god
and that doesn't help me if it's very
inaccurate I want an accurate one is bei
uh VG charts is based on estimates only
well you know I want a real one I want a
real website not that website that's
making up numbers
there's no quote there's no there should
be an equivalent for videogames I wanna
I want to box office mojo for videogames
I like I like knowing stuff like that
production cost and how much I made at
the box office I like knowing when
things that are flop that's what I want
to know I don't know when things are a
huge flop the program took over one of
your allies okay if you kill her she's
dead oh she has a health meter but that
going down is bad okay oh oh that's a
very event nice elephant
oh it's dog oh well you were one I'm
trying to look at the charts for dark
souls2 you repeated yourself and so I
was interested and then you repeated
yourself and says oh that's fine I just
found it abusing that's probably exactly
the exact same way talk to your kids a
little bit what are these numbers in
hand
I think these are millions
cracker man 5 to 6 thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
Xena trope it's your eighth month
anniversary well thanks thanks for
coming back for eight months
we appreciate this whole thing you're
mathematician oh no I'm looking I just
went to VG charts calm and I searched
for Dark Souls and they're saying it
must be in the millions because like
they're saying Dark Souls for the ps3
North America 0.71 is what they're
saying so I can only assume that means
that they sold 700,000 copies is what
I'm assuming that and global Dark Souls
sold about two million counties so I
think that's good
the peat but see then says like the PC
version of Dark Souls only sold 70,000
copies if that's if that's true sure but
it was a big hit yep that's it it's in
millions
so Dark Souls on the PC globally sold
70,000 units well wait wait this is why
this is unreliable
I don't think I can't steam numbers oh
yeah I take that entirely bad guy yeah I
know the reason it doesn't shark down
digital downloads well that's dumb
completely useless
then it's completely useless that's
completely useless though so it did well
on the ps3 and it sold about a million
units globally on the xbox360 sure you
never go we'd never know it oh man steam
apparently keeps its numbers under wraps
and that's why VG charts is so
inaccurate yeah well we need these
numbers we need to know these things
okay steam doesn't want you to know how
much money they just print no we already
know how much money they print
apparently Dark Souls on the PC shot
first it's an excellent reference to
early in the stream Thank You HSN amused
oh my god recruit more pimps thank you
for subscribing
he says Jack I want my five dollars to
be spent on recruiting more pimps or
beers absolutely recruit more pimps
that's a great end I need you to recruit
more pimps my pushes bill Lakha I do it
my website idea is apparently something
we can't have because steam doesn't
release their sales numbers but like I I
do enjoy like surfing box office mojo
and seeing production cost versus how
much money they made I think that kind
of stuff is interesting and if we could
have something like that for video game
sales but apparently it's impossible
that's fine hey I don't think that's
true I don't think I can just email
Steam and drop our alums name and
they'll give me all the information I
need I don't really think that it works
like that
who mr. glitch brings up something
something that we don't really care
about which is uh or we kind of care
about a sony has recently announced in a
new software update they will be
allowing players to customize controls
for every game nice nice
you can remap put controls for every
single game take 20 years yes that's a
good question
I get fury ated controls really it's
just I use like WASD you kind of you can
kind of remember but you can't remap it
to the number pad which is what I use Oh
so until I until I feel like bothering
with making some kind of custom macro
key vine things you're not playing on
Miami is fuck that shit haha that's some
great school basic shit on the PC yeah
fuck that off yeah yeah that seems weird
I mean it's it's it's that's alright you
can only customize the ones remove it
which is stupid I don't know why anybody
even with WASD I don't know why anybody
uses space because awkward let's just
worry about if you had a grid all the
keys are right near where you want them
to be yeah but if you use WASD the space
pad is right where your thumb should be
yeah it makes it makes sense
and but I agree with you that using the
number pad makes more sense because it's
evenly spaced integrate
oh yeah and by the way who didn't see
that like if anyone didn't know - if
anyone didn't see Nintendo officially
announced that the Netflix original
Zelda show was complete nutter horseshit
and they have no idea what anyone's
talking about which was all unconfirmed
to begin Nintendo surprising news
Nintendo has been vehemently against
making movie or television shows with
their property it's not a surprise oh
yeah oh no hundred percent baby they've
said that I don't know anything about
rust I can't comment on that I'm sorry
it's a game and apparently it's
assigning people random face and race
and then it locks it for them and people
are complaining about not being able to
customize their character they should be
that's the game that's force
multicultural bullshit no it's the game
no but it's randomize no it's randomize
that's the game that's the fucking game
and that's the thing people want to play
as themselves people do want to play as
intensify people do want to fight
there's nothing wrong with wanting to
play as yourself in a game but if that's
the game I don't want you to be you
don't if the if the game is you get that
you it's randomised characterization
like oh we're just you're gonna be a
weird guy if you want a new guy who's
starting a game or whatever
oh wait new game oh wait and you said
walk I assume that men walk and that you
can start a new game
that's what I really said is I know
nothing about rust I don't know anything
about it I don't care is it a good game
I don't know I don't know nothing about
it
apparently you start out naked and
there's penises everywhere that sounds
great what it's great fuck you in
I just I was that a song in this is that
what am i hearing
yeah what is that
bingo bingo I'm done I go sting Collins
yes I like bullet hell games I think
they're fun they're incredibly difficult
but I think they're a lot of fun I can't
I kind of want to go home and play okay
I mean we started early we can do
whatever we want
okay hey everybody I feel bad we usually
go at least three we've been two and a
half well we're gonna call it mostly
because we have work to do yeah yeah
yeah we have work to do and rich and I
are committed to our release schedule
which means that we need to play this
game and so yeah I think we're gonna
call it this looks like this looks like
a really this looks like very typical
early hit amok kijima or however you
pronounce his name which is like some
fun gameplay mixed with excessively long
cutscenes I don't mind because I
actually love the story sure these games
hate the story in the Metal Gear games I
love the story of the Metal Gear games
just like a serious setting with
nonsense storytelling elements space
setting with magic flying robots sure
but the characters are handled pretty
seriously yeah I love it ya know the the
the gameplay looked like a lot of fun
but in any case we're gonna go thank you
so much everyone for coming out thank
you to all of our new subscribers thank
you to all of our old subscribers and
thank you to everyone else who just came
out especially those of you who came out
early on while
