Sep 16, 2015
Super Mario Maker
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/17825870
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/17827062
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/17827393
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNG1gQ5eOfk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uls1zXcHGmc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELtWiadE6KI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/644220873747099648

[Part I]
so we're streaming we are now streaming
well that's good to know
and everything is great hey everybody
how are you doing
Wow goes was was uh was a what and stuff
you have to watch her on nope
it's watcher right here connects and the
stalkers good oh good
welcome everybody to Wednesday - Super
Mario maker we're having so much fun
everything's great this is the easiest
fucking Mario game I've ever played
every level is like the same they just
slap this shit together didn't they this
is this is fucking awful they're gonna
they're gonna load you down with DLC
what it look is the same same the same
question mark box yeah yeah there's two
more over here none of them mushroom no
mushroom yeah and then yeah yours fuck a
flag horse Milano Koopa no no goombahs
horse Network it's like the 20th level
it's like they're not even trying
anymore it's like they're not even
trying anymore and I think that one's
ruts course okay great we're going to
play some Super Mario maker if anyone
has a Super Mario maker level that they
made you can tweet it at us I have
collected a bunch of I put a call out
when I tweeted earlier that uh we were
looking for people for levels we're
going to play some levels but first
riches uh so go to play first yeah any
so go to the tongue Mario challenge okay
that's the easiest way to do oh my god
what buttons hey oh my god
play a level with spikes
Phoenix so basically what this does is
just gives you some random levels and
you have ten likes to get through so
they're random even huh yeah
that's nice it's really great so the way
I've been looking at Super Mario maker
is basically just infinity Mario okay I
think they finally got sick of making
them fucking let them do it right well
you know this was the this was like a
big III announcement I think for for
Nintendo just here some tools here's a
making a game and you can switch to
classic mode
Mario that's only when you're creating a
level oh really yeah so but you know of
course it'll just it plays this oh my
god it's not great it's kind of kind of
cruel you can do some weird shit with
this oh well not bad you should be
getting video you might need to you
might need to so much okay well I guess
I don't I need to refresh I've been I've
been having I haven't I created too many
levels yet but I've been having a lot of
fun what's really been great is playing
it with the boys mm-hm
the idea of them making their own video
game they're just like this is all I've
ever wanted to do is that guys how
terrible other levels I know
we completely goodbye summer the 4 year
olds is it's rough is what it is oh oh
that scream is great oh by the way
spikes Phoenix there's some spikes
leveled you can do it rich yeah some of
them have like custom Oh some I wasn't
sure wouldn't stop going over I it's I
can't
I panicked and that was the wrong thing
some have custom sounds and
but like look at this this is a Mario
level that would never exist you know
this is a weird level it's just one off
and it's great that's kind of great
short simple right infinity Mario I'm
sure that was an idea that they pitched
let's call it Mario Amerian immunity
infinity infinity main area also I'd
like to say really quick I'm about to
enjoy a very good pumpkin ale beer a
lovely fans sent us Rosemary's Baby
scary good pumpkin ale is it scary good
it is it's very it's a very tasty
pumpkin beer it's all and it's not even
pumpkin beer season but question mark Oh
need do you know what happened what have
benefits I don't think there are any
benefits I just figure just okay I can't
like sneak by no no there's no there's
no espionage in Super Mario maker I got
one earlier that turned me into a Bowser
and I couldn't even spit fire he was
really I'm saying Oh
right it's mid-september so it's closing
up but yeah this is very good someone
sent in saying that it was oh this game
is adorable it is it is when it comes to
space cap does every single frame of the
film have a digital effect no no in fact
several don't but you know the effects
that are there obviously for the special
effects stream you're only gonna see the
ones that do well right now but it's not
there's not an effect in every single
scene not not even like there are long
stretches without any practical or
special effects and yeah the coop the
costumes are just cosmetic it's it's
like a way of making like a figure ma
come on I was ridiculous this is just
ridiculous yeah no I don't think Jays
here so I can't imagine he'll be joining
us but anything's possible weird weird
now it's just is just oh my god oh well
I wanted to try and jump on it but I
left the room an accident now you're
saying is this just what I forgot what I
was gonna say okay Oh sis do they have
like it's just just classic Mario and
New Super Mario Bros they have like
Mario 3 style Mario we do and so far
like I haven't unlocked that in the
maker yet there's a bunch of stuff like
like for example I want to say later
this week we're getting the ability to
do underwater
levels oh so we're had that yet do I
don't have it that's weird but they're
rolling that out you know yeah um so
something really need to roll out I mean
I am I don't make video games it's
probably very difficult Oh Mario whoa
I like this oh yeah and and Super Mario
World levels - there there was no
message sent out about your stream
having gone live I'm I'm very sorry that
we have no control over them
that's just twitch being - it you know
just switch being twitch is Mara and I'm
reading the Twitter now is Mario maker a
console seller Oh for fuck sake what
well that I get so bad a Mario well it's
fun you know it's just Mario you know
I'm I'm really enjoying it I'm having a
good time I do I have concerns over it's
like staying power but right now I'm
having a blast and like I sighs I
tweeted this the other day just just
dicking around making levels and like
seeing what the tools do has been worth
it for me
I'm not even in it like I'm not even
making great levels yet but just seeing
what the tools do and also like you know
having my kids enjoy this it has been
fantastic
yeah see I don't help me personally I
know that I have much interest in making
levels I just wanna play Mario levels
but yeah and you can you can do either
yeah which i think is the fun part of
the game and you know you can play other
people's levels vote on them you know
the top ones get to the top you can play
hard way
so here's a water level right here no I
think somebody was wrong about something
well no but we can't make them yet okay
these might be like Nintendo man where's
the Ouija Luigi available or said Mario
maker topped the charts in Japan doubled
Wii U sales selling more than months to
a hunter diary which apparently fairly
has a thing apparently that's a great
game but in Japan I could see that guys
so I would believe it
making your own Mario level this guy's
dangerous
what are those guys
planet safe I don't look like something
you can walk I'm what oh okay they're
transparent those are background items
weird very weird these don't seem very
random
what do you mean you said these are
random Mario levels not randomly
generated levels oh they just show up
randomly where there's a sudden yeah
like it made levels that show up
randomly not procedurally generated what
I just have the octopus guys squid guys
I miss them
oh oh my love's
maybe and maybe that came out today I
think maybe it was today that like the
ability to make water levels came out
okay no time which could be which could
be a thing if other people are streaming
making water levels then it it could
have rolled out this very day
alright alright I realize I'm running
out of time
all these tempting coins I got it
they're saying if you spend time in the
maker you unlock water world levels and
airships and castles so the more time
you spend in the maker the the more
things you get any Glen so I got oh what
I got I got nowhere near 100 all right
fuck it you'll get there no done though
oh you got agree damn it yeah I did yeah
great really greedy you're hearing a lot
of the sounds twice oh let me turn it on
my TV day there you go sorry TV was just
a little too loud no no no no no no yeah
I know getting greedy come on rich yeah
come on
Oh get more lives that's fine no you
don't oh yeah you do get one gotta get
up there I've got to get up on those
ships rich that's how you get the coins
yeah first to get the coins then you get
the coke then you get the win
Scarface yeah that's fine
I know Scarface mr. Scarface is okay you
gotta go just go you already got the
wall
you got three one oh so fine jack it's
all good I know what I'm doing do you do
you know what you're doing
the coins do not matter yeah the coins
give you one UPS and rich has lost many
lives on this level and so he needs all
the 1ups you can get
Oh God it's fine it's fine
oh my god I mean I enjoyed the ever I
think we talked about this on Monday
I enjoyed the everliving fuck out of
turbo kid Oh God turbo can great turbo
kid was amazing
yeah but awesome
right now you already have three one of
the Macs all right so turbo kid is
amazing
I watched the the half in the bag today
on turbo kit and I do agree with Mike
that you kind of have to be a very
specific kind of person to get the full
enjoyment out of just kiddin meaning you
have to kind of understand I think
everybody should be able to enjoy Apple
well you know of course Oh
hey there you um but I think if you are
a fan of oh I hate Yoshi
I hate Yoshi that's fair I guess I don't
care about that much
toad any any peach I wish you stayed as
Luigi I neither will the weed you love
come on oh my god what I just did big
you're gonna make that hey there's peach
what oh my god lost this game together
you lost his skin Oh Biff that but I
enjoyed turbo kid so much everyone
should go watch turbo kid I can only
assume anyone listening to us kind of
understands the b-movie world and so you
should you should all enjoin turbo kid I
could only imagine doo doo oh this can't
be good yeah oh my god oh this is gonna
be great
you can do all right oh one gives you
mushrooms oh my god ones giant no fire
flowers barely know
fuck it yeah nothing it got to take a
hit nice nice
all right they gotta do something
different are they know
the axe is kind of different big axe
hmm this is big axe yeah that's why I'm
bothering you something something I
don't know what but somebody you Brian
Wilson Pet Sounds well I watched your
kid when you can watch another Maze
Runner movie I can't I do I don't even
think the first one did that well
that's not what she's supposed to say or
he or whatever Thoth is something
slightly different than our princesses
and in the castle
Princess Peach has been taken to the
other galas um you know it sounded so
wrong okay so leave here now we can
start making white how do I leave here
do you see that a thing I said of course
maker course maker you can make some
courses oh my god so yeah that's kind of
your navigation tool is Mario obviously
all the stuff on top is the different
things you can put in the world and if
you hit the the number Oh take this the
stylus out of the top of the pad well
this is what we're we're I don't see it
stylus on top of the pan on top yeah it
comes out it's like in oh shit hit the
number one and you see there's more
tools soak up that's all the tools of a
lock so far so yeah X out of this and
then the other thing you can do is you
see the blue and gray on the left-hand
side the blue and the grey like right
next yeah Mario's day and night it from
a up above ground to below ground can
you just start from scratch yeah yeah
you can and then the only other thing
you need to know is a super bored system
for our brothers on top that's going to
change it from old-school to new-school
linked up and the the little blue and
white thing with eyeballs is the eraser
okay but so now if you hold that what's
the robot the robot is how you save the
level okay and the rocket on the bottom
is how you start from scratch so hold
the rocket for a whole degree
cute so now you can start you this is it
people
oh my god rich Evans's first Mario level
and then that little play button at any
time you can test out your level and
jump around on it
wow wow it's how do you go like Duff
whore up how far up can you go go take
Mario up there he's your navigator you
can see all right are you doing it with
the thumbstick oh pretty pretty high up
not very low down not very low down and
I don't know how to do like or I don't
think I have the ability to do like
warping to other places yet maybe maybe
you don't like that alright what's race
oh I am and then hit it again to turn to
turn it off hey Elvis just put in a
billion enemies like everyone else right
alright she's gonna go for something
here oh and you can do vertical levels
oh cool maybe I haven't unlocked that
yet I have very little time really it
doesn't go all the way down Oh
so if you tap on it do you see the
yellow thing tap on that yellow thing
and now you can stretch it and oh okay
so you can stretch it and tilt it if you
want yeah
can I make level okay okay yep you're
good man longer you can do whatever you
want and you always start as small Mario
so clearly he's Mario's no yes there in
case anyone doesn't know this about
Super Mario is this right here is normal
everyday Mario and then you eat the
mushroom when you turn into super mark
that's how it works that's the gigantic
Maura this is this is how everyday Mario
is rich is gone full length here why not
this is a maximum like I can only assume
I can only assume
Oh what you did he's spelling out words
will it let you it's gotta have some
recognition for that because you can
upload these oh right
oh rich and alternately you can just
hold down the trigger and that activates
the eraser tool if you want to do it
slightly quicker I can only assume that
we're now I mean we can probably make
this level we just we probably can't
upload it I can only assume to have some
sort of thing to check for cuss words
felons but we can make it
you need to do what you need to try mmm
oh they're saying you need to round off
the Oh first one oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
they energy good the way you forgot our
thing on the G I didn't actually I don't
can you make the apart make that jump oh
yeah you can make that jump and you can
always test it out yeah my quick wit and
a half Jack it's trying to they go
another fu C word that's not fuck I was
gonna fake everyone out but I just my
brain is my brain has let me down they
go fuchsia but that doesn't make any
kind of sense
Oh
googly I'm just going to type in fu C
and see what words come up yeah yeah
actually not too many
yeah I don't I don't got anything yeah
it's fine
I've got anything I'm sorry rich I'm
sorry are you really getting really well
it's so mature it's so mature it's very
immature but you know that's okay we can
do whatever we want here all the time
okay go fuchsia yeah what if it was just
go fuchsia like let's use the name of
the team isn't that mean it just sounds
so stupid it does I can't I can't abide
by that reach is just going standard
standard jumps here oh yeah you know you
could have done somewhat that seems to
go funky yourself yeah but I already for
the CM yo
oh that's weird how Elvis is having
trouble loading the stream today
I'm sorry Elvis hmm this little there's
neat little musical cues and you see how
like automatically populates like plants
animals and stuff like adds a little
detail that's fun oh is that how you do
that if you drop it drop a mushroom pull
a mushroom down and put it on the plant
I think that's how you make them big
without the mushroom guy big the plant
guy big yeah yeah it's fine small I was
wondering how you make big enemies
there's a lot of weird things like if
you wanna if you want a red turtle how
do I get a flying turtle okay so first
thing you need to do is drag a turtle
out this is actually really weird not
shake it that's a renter oh and then you
can drag out wings if you see the wings
up there okay but that's how you get it
one of the red ones do when the green
ones do what are the difference the red
ones
stay in the air and the green ones just
hop on the ground okay so if you want
red you want red to stay in the air just
got shake it I actually had to Google
that like how do I make red guys you
shake the shit at him
don't shake the turtle I'm shaking the
goddamn turtle you got to shake the
turtle oh um and what is it there there
are there are shortcuts by the way where
it's like if you press down one of the
triggers it just copies something so
instead of having to drag out the
individual turtles and wings you could
just you know copy and drag oh my god oh
I'm sure we'll get there oh I'm at the
top damn it I'm at the top that's the
tub yeah ah I was that was gonna be the
finale
those gave me fucking finale and I can't
do it fuck off what was the finale just
jump on that to something really high
and then well I want to put it up there
you might be able to jump higher than
the top yeah I don't know put it on
there see what happens mm-hmm
where'd it go oh well you're holding
down the a nigga yeah put it on there
and hit play I hit Clank where's play on
the lower left Oh
oh my god
just right in there oh I'm totally not
where I need to be them well oh yes I
just you can just test out that almost
you can test out that individual part
and then it goes back to editing you
know and if you want to go to the
beginning you know going to edit and OOP
nope
can you make it all right I need to be
like you need to be very won over no I
think you can make it
that's too much as tomorrow you just
needed more run I don't think the object
is to be obnoxiously difficult to mol
given two more yeah hmm give a little
bit play this might be this might be too
crazy as it is yeah I think there are
some jumps name that you might not be
able to make I will find out won't we
that's the great thing is you can edit
on the fly all right Rich's first Mario
level oh I can make those and then some
Oh God
okay you know those need to be further
apart or you just got to jump better
really really yeah yep
apparently you can press the minus
button to start from the beginning
that's good to know
I find you find there oh my god oh my
god I want to get ripples oh the dog
undos oh okay
but the dog rich the dog hide here we go
try again rich terrible at his own level
Oh God Oh God that's what by the way I
love that as the further from the game
because you get so used to jumping long
that'd be the level sykes you out I
think that's great oh okay okay I like
it though that's great whoa oh I don't
even need that extra bitter
ah yeah now you know what I just have to
put some enemies in here and I think you
got yourself a winner
nice oh you're doing that you fell to
your doom can you just the time of what
the time limit oh no oh that's a good
question I I don't think so but you know
what let me google it yeah it's a see if
like people compete it in like ten
seconds or whatever okay I gotta get rid
of that ledge that's got to go oh yeah
oh you're good I like it I like your
duck placement your your your turtle yep
just the time
okay now googling oh you can do this on
the fly too so oh you can you can set
the courses timeline let's see here you
can set the courses time limit and the
speed of the auto scroll feature
adjusting these aspects can change the
difficulty of a course that's not how do
you do that it says yes you can I'm
sorry I want to change which stick I'm
just using and watch it oh you know what
I don't think we've unlocked that
element yet I see a turtle face that you
need to click
we don't have a turtle face up dammit I
don't know I feel about this unlocking
editing features thing um yeah I too was
unsure how I felt about it here here is
why I think it's a good thing because
you had you need to start simple and
it's it's almost like a game where these
are these are the first levels of the
game and it scales up with your skill
level ah because if they give you just
all the insanity in the world it's I
think it's going to turn a lot of people
off yeah I think they want you to make
good levels yeah the the longevity of
this game depends on people continuing
to make yes yes so they're training you
to be good level makers by starting you
simple so I defend them and can you set
it yeah not to scroll at all like
backwards that would be oh oh yeah that
would be great
it's almost like a game right the game
maker is a game and I think that's great
I have something flaming chasing you
through this would be ideal oh I bet you
could do that I bet you could do that
easy
just press the my oh wait
I'm just looking okay
just looking can you make invisible
blocks maybe that would be cool but you
want to make Super Mario frustration you
ever seen that
no it's designed to be the most
difficult Super Mario Brothers levels
possible and the invisible blocks are
everywhere to fuck up normal-looking
jumps that would be terrible
all right you can have oh yes apparently
you can have a missile chasing you or
like you could probably make a giant
bullet bill yeah yeah just tears through
the level nice nice
Oh No that's a perfect ending to the
level by the way yeah you have to nail
that joke and if there's any hesitation
in that final jump done I love that oh I
think you need to put some more enemies
in here this is - ah no it's it's speed
course speed let's be course let's see
what you're doing it in well obviously
you're doing it and fail but yeah
doesn't need enemies I'm just thinking
if it were to be a you know no I'm
losing lose my mojo Jack
Mayo you know you could do to make a
more of a speed course is the coins you
could kind of like coin up the the route
okay okay you know not only speed but
you have to get oh no you hesitated you
hesitated yes fuck yeah
nice nice one right
am i more of a Super Mario Brothers
purist I don't know what that means I
don't understand the question
yeah coins
that'll give people a nice little
ding-ding-ding-ding that'll be nice
Jack you can record sound bites too so
you could use rich yelling oh my god in
your games yes yes then we're doing that
as soon as we unlock that of course that
guy doesn't even have time to come out
that's complete fucking waste take him
out then you know you could you could
have you could have other stuff pop out
of that oh that's cruel where do you
make the jump where is the right point
to make the jump I'm not sure that's the
question
every time Mario dies he screams oh my
god that would be great oh my god fuck
my life will make a rich Evans vocal
pack the only thing that can come out of
the what the the question mark is the
mushroom no anything come out of that
question mark you can put enemies in the
question mark you could put coins in the
question mark you yep anything you want
and remember there is a this is like
default just a coin I'm assuming no no
default is nothing really yeah you have
to put something in and remember there
is that second layer of stuff to put in
they go hometown markup Oh my coin
perfect that's way too big I see what
you're trying to do here I see what
you're trying to do come on up why the
fuck not I'm with you I just think
that's gonna fuck up your jump that one
might that one mine let's see what
courses I have to jump perfect perfect
oh the default for the question box is a
single coin if you drag a coin into it
you get one of those repeating coin
boxes okay okay that is a little bit too
low that's no that's perfect just do
that yeah favorite no one can complete
the level everyone dies yeah you might
just do a prereq maybe I'll go the whole
way you're gonna go the whole way you
hate this don't you jack what does this
thing I'm spelling you know it seems a
little unnecessary
all right I'm fuck advertising fucking
fucking come give us a shit putting this
level out there on the Internet why
should you have anything associated with
us on the level I don't know you know it
seems a little gaudy long Gotti you know
let the level speak for itself
all right let's save this fucker I hit
the robot head hit that robot head
and where did we put this or any empties
bottom yeah so you can make your home
okay basically huh so you make your home
game then basically yeah yeah I haven't
done this with the coins oh yeah oh look
at that what how do I put that there
what happened what happened what
happened what how did I do that do what
a floating platform just appeared I
don't why did you press the screen I
might have in new super mario brothers u
option if someone has the gamepad and
someone else is playing with a Wii mode
you can like tap the screen to catch
them if they fall Oh that'd be a feature
from that mr. Ben oh that's a very funny
Metal Gear Solid reference we're not
talking about Metal Gear Solid tonight
we're saving all of our brain juice dude
we're going to record our conversation
on Friday and so we are we are close to
finishing the game hopefully
hey hey hey pretty nice well now I want
to play this level now I want to play
let's see if I can beat it
let's go nope just just write died right
away there I got use of a little bit
this whole thing this whole things are
like a trust exercise I can do this I
can do this and ideally you'd find like
just just a little bit longer than the
shortest amount of time you need to
complete it you never be the time of it
absolutely absolutely give you give them
no breaks you can't stop running I love
it
like oh oh that's so devilish enables I
love it here we go here we go here we go
I'm gonna be Rich's level
I'll show you like a level hope that I
made and I'll try to make a new one and
then we'll start playing other people's
loves cuz it's infinity Mario I need a
wee you know yeah yeah just for Mario
maker
I don't know Josie's could make a few
other things maybe maybe mode I mostly
this Safari Oh too much back with too
much back but on it this is fun
this is a fun thing this game in general
yeah I mean that we you you know it's
fine
is it too hard no no I just yeah like
it's you know the love this levels about
memorization and so I just haven't
nailed down the timing for the for the
things yet I think
damn Koopas let play this level while
listening to Pink Floyd's the wall it
all lines up uh you know what I did but
I've always had trouble with even when I
was younger is a timing the jump off of
the Koopas to give you the super jump
yeah I've never like I've always had
difficulties of event I don't know why I
mean jumping jumping on any enemy that
that makes you Empire yeah come on I
have to be rich I think I hey I'd
probably do my own level I'm gonna be
rich his level of these funds and then
we'll put it out to the world at least
title it the same file previously
recorders and a possibility or
absolutely okay oh and I think the key
is to land on that that the highest one
you can yeah first one the first one or
the first time although the first full
yeah the first highest one that one
that's a little bit higher the other
ones around it
haha I started you know I was like oh I
ain't for that own and really like I
don't you don't have to speed through it
actually or do you want to wait to
release this until I walk the the timer
changing stuff ah that's really good
oh I made it further this time yeah yeah
I'm gonna do it create it we do upgrades
can we like update it later once that
stuff is unlocked no I don't know I'm
gonna I'm gonna say no like we just you
know I know what I have to do now is
jump jump then back to hit that first no
there are no spikes in this level haha
suckin suckin Phoenix dang actually oh
that was Phoenix and brought that up
really someone else I think it's just a
bit
here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go
against go to rich pots me to do yeah
you can do that and take your time once
we get to the chickens I'm gonna take
the time we keep the chickens chickens
that was a great great strategy Jack
great strategy the chickens might be a
little hard you can edit all you want
until you upload it okay yeah that's
what I would assume we could always
reapply but got us a fly here and
striving be mad ah this has got to be
terrible for everyone watching I'm sorry
that because I'm failing at the exact
same point every time yeah I'll fail at
different points that'll make you feel
better yeah
ah Kelvin ah I hit those chicken perfect
this time can we upload it tonight so
you can burst Jack by beating it first
try you've seen it like four thousand
times by this point it's not really fair
no it's fine
yeah well I've won it tonight well
upload it tonight
and then we can just reload it by the
way everyone is laughing at that last
bit well yeah yeah oh you know it's all
about nailing that second jump you need
the super jump off of the second chicken
and I'm not I'm not nailing that jump I
can do it though you may need to
throttle it back of it and it hit the
one that's a little bit closer than when
you're trying to hit yeah there you go
and AM nice hmm
boom Oh where's the the a stylus oh well
sorry okay wait did you save this
alright yeah I don't know if you did
uh-huh you didn't say it over getting
safe didn't save okay so what are we
going to title this we're going to what
do you want I don't even care anymore I
was gonna say previously recorded level
but yeah whatever it's all fine
previously recorded 1-1 there you go oh
that's plenty earlier so I bring a banjo
low battery time all right all right and
now we will upload yep actually I don't
know what information is going to come
on the screen when I hit upload so can
you uh turn the video feed off for
Bianca ah if you can see that on the
tiny tiny screen
you can do it and I believe in you there
you go
great just cuz I don't know what info is
going to pop up on the screen you need
to clear this course before it cannot be
uploaded oh you need to beat your own
course oh wow
clear course now okay well you can turn
back on the front I can turn back on the
something comes up right will you be
well then fuck it whatever I don't know
see if I can do it first try now
probably not Oh take it easy take
anything made a tough level here rich
made itself level okay alright here we
go here I think that's fun that's a good
idea Nintendo which make you beat oh
yeah your level before you can upload it
probably a necessary idea right yeah
yeah I keep aiming for the third yeah
yeah you have to that fourth one in and
that gives you like a bounce cascade
third oh I can miss it
third then fourth get the bounce cascade
gotta have the bounce cascade the bounce
Kade bounce Capades bounce Capades right
now Super Mario maker like this isn't a
complete level is it I can't fucking
call it huh
okay rich yep okay plug this in here
you're here you and beat your level all
right those I do it you need power
you need power to go on water oh fuck
you oh but I am
why Wow I decided should okay
some I think now just gives you like a
code oh you know what but we might not
be online no we should be online here
huh there we go okay I'm gonna shut them
down shut things off so we can get
online okay okay
getting online pause for getting online
do I need to close out of it no is they
did I need to close out of it to get to
settings we're sure we're we're
straining a black screen right right now
we were screaming in black sometimes
we're 100% sure okay we're 100% sure
yeah I mean we can see that is fine

[Part II]
and dick punch all right you you have a
level then you made we need to upload
yours oh my god that's not done yet Oh
Jebus Christ prep press X to ruin Jack's
credit score I think it's all jokes
jokes fu there's no money in that anyway
alright so where we going here play - go
- wait Mick and then go to the robot and
go to load load load look at that on the
bottom it gives you like the and the
overview of the whole oh yeah we're all
that was neat and then the robot again
and upload
the course you created including any
comments you're me and its nickname and
your country will be published oh no
dude have post content that infringes on
the rights of others like what if
someone posted a level and it was just
their social security number yeah
credit card like you've run across the
credit card number I think yeah we're
okay with this we're okay with us are
okay with this okay great and Oh name
this course boss named already okay okay
just doing some situps man just doing
some situps that's their choice okay
there's the course ID name so six to six
five zero zero zero zero zero zero four
four nine d5e that's nine the letter D
not nine D designed you rich great
potential e confusing so there's the
course you cannot play it on your own
Sheamus okay so now head to the robot
and the robot oh yeah we expect time
trials
nice I like this it's great that's a
nice simple course rich yeah yeah how
are the owners are pretty simple yeah
it's just one that's it's one - I head
to the robot and go to load load load
and then let's see here I don't think
like any of them are good yet yeah yeah
yeah go up yeah try one one - one that's
first one you did and you know that
might even be the tutorial one I think
you know like that's it sorry one like
just sends you through well that's not
where I am at all just press the minus
button this is mine yeah this mine is it
yeah how did you download it I'm saying
did something wrong well yeah
yes load that course god damn but I
forget it like I'm niblet oh yeah okay
yeah nevermind go and go to the load
again well why is all this VV tutorial
is it doesn't that yours
yeah this is the tutorial okay okay I
actually hold on for a second
hold on for a second people Oh everyone
I guess everyone should know that if you
play our course now while we are
streaming people will see your we name I
just saw someone's we need another
bottom line oh yeah I need to change
that setting really quick notifications
to course creators notifications about
my course don't receive okay there we go
now you can play without your username
popping up on screen
this was the this was the first course
that I made yeah yeah obviously
just stick oh my god what oh that's
weird as hell I don't think I don't know
how I did then you skinny Mario I can't
jump on them at all
haha you fell for my trap Ridge oh yeah
yeah i trapped you so now you can't get
those coins can use the stars how weird
skinny Mario yeah yeah that was weird I
don't know how that much from getting
that nice easy flagpole there jack you
know yeah more so I wanted a I'm a
creation I wanted to trick people
because I knew everyone would go for
that star all right right and so by
going for the star you uh you give up on
the coins
no not gonna happen it's fine it's all
fine
oh my god rich yep not doing great
Ronnie speedrun this speedrun have so
many things something he would jump I
was predicting he would jump but I would
run on Herman that would be ultra
dramatic but it didn't it didn't work
out that way speed on success nice no in
what is it what is that 9 seconds you
did it in the nine seconds rich nice oh
I don't want to go back to my so Kevin
this is rich playing by the way do the
thing this is rich all right what else
should I play Jax is rich my mouth you
wanna play some some sir is there
another one you did you want to show off
or not really oh no no the other ones
like you can say what's her name the
other ones the boys made yeah like if
you want to do the Goomba one you can
see what my oldest boy made not that one
never yeah no not that one the one out
there the goo yeah that one whatever
that's called it's called the Goomba
death this he named him - the Goomba dad
the Goomba that he named him - so this
is this is a seven year olds level this
is the seven year olds idea I'm not
saying many goombas are deaf yet that's
kind of clever you need the yeah you
need the trampolines so when they're bad
guys and they're all cruel wait oh my
god you can't beat a seven-year-old
I couldn't jump on that turtle you can
jump on the throne I did I should have
let more dead that Goomba
that's a green
so as you can tell it's a bunch of coins
and a bunch of mushrooms yeah not a bad
level no no first seven year old I think
that's not a bad level if you would like
an idea of what a four-year-old would
create oh my god I'm not sure I can
handle that no you can't by the way I
don't think it's beatable in fact really
he ain't go Kyle you should you can
finalize it though unless you beat it
right yeah oh no you can find I mean you
can keep it saved here which one the big
giant I don't think is beatable okay no
no no no no no worse than Jax that's
right that's right it's a first effort
go easy go easy it's fine I don't I
don't take any offense okay this is oh
yeah this is the level of four-year-old
Chris go ahead rich all those guys I'm
wait ten hours fine no you start
yourself up there yeah you know what
other than that start it's not terrible
I'm a mess well you haven't got very far
yet Oh jerk what are you doing are you
editing I'm gonna make it possible we
don't have to save him no say you should
save it yeah like you said you're making
it possible
it's just a coin I hate even bother like
a mushroom and no I don't know exactly
you're seeing into the mind of madness
that's exactly my four-year-olds to mind
of madness oh if you could make it in
there that's not bad there's not a
bubble make it in there I'm gonna try
one more time yep I'm gonna give you
four year-old the benefit of the doubt
don't know he might be a Mario prodigy
Jack no there maybe just maybe just
momentum actually that vehicle trick
what have a jump where you can only beg
just fight like momentum running and
sliding into the right hole that'll be
great
Oh like trick people yeah you know right
now I need to get Mario maker put in the
budget Oh useless goombas oh my god oh
they're called the hidden Goomba okay
yeah you can't proceed now you just
can't all right
we're loading up from some from people
I'll go hit my courses what's over here
here's the pen I don't know what they
drop down menu for that is I don't know
if that's how we go to sample of courses
no okay hit B then hit B what hit the
little yellow thing go to course world I
was that the name for the hub yeah so
now if you go to
courses may be kept and let's see here
if you hit the search button I'm
assuming and now can you enter codes yes
okay so these are codes these were codes
given to me by these were codes given to
me by people they are you know public on
Twitter so I assume it's okay you know
if I say them yeah out loud here let's
see here they'd probably be delighted to
have other people play their levels
we're going possibly quite possibly okay
here we go let's check out this one this
was the first one sent yep is e9e 9 b 9
b 9 four zeros like four zeros okay zero
zero one seven a nine
d nine okay searching for course and
then how we started I think oh you
download and play button but do you want
to download I don't know how long it
takes of a download space Oh got it back
we'll just play it it B ain't
downloading I just want to play that's
fun into the pit pit bitch into the pit
oh my god oh my god oh do you need to
bounce off an enemy to get out I think
so
oh that's kind of clever Oh
I know rich just went into the pit into
the pit end of the pit the Sarlacc pit
oh that's by the way I played some
online yeah it tells you where people
died in the levels okay so that's a
common one after you after you did well
that's where that's where that was the
new marker okay and then for like the
more popular ones once you die like you
just see X is all over the place for
where people died I think that's really
neat no no no okay
lots of people died there over at have
you heard of the game of bedlam no okay
according to the people on the Twitter's
it is a mix between XCOM FTL and Mad Max
it has like movement styles much like
the Banner Saga yeah you know with FTL
aspects set in a post-apocalyptic Mad
Max attack or I'll forget by the streams
over but I want to remember is there any
way I can remember this that's a good
question is there any way you can
remember No then can you can you email
me a thing or I could text me a thing I
will text you a thing that says look
into bedlam okay I'm sending you a text
okay anybody have died there that's
embarrassing oh my bad lamb okay I sent
you a text message taxman special
attacks master passage oh there it is
nice there's a fun class the end there's
a fun one all right hold on
he is that with some class right there
okay let's uh next level cause clear
okay ready no no okay I'm ready now
well now I'm fucking oh how do you how
do you get unready when you're about to
read something how does that happen
okay see one one three zero zero zero
zero
I seen it's a common thing 0:01 a CC 5 4
just another level just another level
who was this one deep did you look the
river I think it's here DJ manic Billy
Ray hamburger sent this to me on Twitter
so how you start right off with a flower
that's neat
Oh God Oh God hey you knew you would
need it that's a face what it's a face
yeah that was a face that's fine kind of
labyrinth Inge yeah
can I go postmodern Mario level moreso
than a classic Mario level oh yeah yes
oh my god they're just gonna keep
spawning that thing oh fuck it fuck it
I like DC down there the the coma it's
good that was an era that was great that
was a great try no just get up there get
get on the flower why won't you grab
that flower Mario you bitch
just let him be rich yeah I have to be
throw fireballs as he spit them I think
it's kind of ambiguous and yeah yeah
just cuz it was pixels but it looks like
in here he's spitting them oh shit oh
that's gonna need yeah you playing with
pirates you're playing with fire I'm
fire Mario those great pro strats that
was a fun level yeah that was deep
thanks Billy Ray hamburger percent and
then you try to use her well you know
you do sound I'll do you know I have the
codes right now how many you got you
know we have a ton oh okay yeah so we're
not too worried about running out yeah
can you rate these yes there's like a
thumbs up yes I don't want this I just
want to give them a thumbs up hit though
not less button oh they go start you can
start okay you can comment
yeah we're not taking that kind of time
yeah we're not taking that kind of time
I think that kind of stuff helps like
the more comments a level has the more
you know that's fine but we got we got
shit to do we got shit to do okay the
next one then get out of here yeah
comment get out of here
say hey man we got some can we get some
elevator music home
oh I can do for anyone who's been
playing Metal Gear here's what I can do
that's a that's a bit anyone who's been
playing Metal Gear Solid 5 understands
what I'm doing there that's like a it's
like a reference to a game yeah it's
like a whole reference what I mean I was
just thinking like like good level man
what you know ok let me go back and and
and spellcheck like it's right I'm sure
I was thinking like hey we had fun
playing this like that good man that
could've been only needed to say you
didn't need to write a novel a
novelization of the level and okay
everything looks like it's in proper
order okay okay yeah it's send there we
go
so I want to work for spoilers no no I
don't need them for a send that's
waiting that says please wait yeah yeah
that's good I think it's good that
you're sending thank you
yeah the content you entered was sent
successfully great okay all right now
we're gonna comment on every single
level we play now every single one okay
are you ready for that
yes I am subscriber collecting data
hazard how do i how do I get out of here
X across Oregon has a course that they
would like us to play and so I would
like
to play there of course well I mean I
know I'm an asshole dickhead something I
know I can but it's I think it's funny
when I am so I run with it that it is
alright well what do we got what do we
have we have five eight eight five oh we
got to go back and leave a comment on
the pin now zero zero zero zero zero
zero four four five five two one
okay plane Lieutenant Commander data
suspense
yes we're filming the we are filming the
discussion for the next prereq on Friday
so if everything in my life
turns out smoothly then yes you will see
the new episode sometime next week
of course that all depends on my Michael
J's things are coming out but hopefully
I will be done sometime next week yes No
fuck it I'm getting greedy greedy from
life Kasbah right I have not published
my kids levels yet so so you cannot
leave weird comments on their levels
oh my god yeah I got me I knew I knew it
but I was kind of crap oh god someone
else there - what I got someone else
there - yeah I'm not even the one that
popped up for me
no no they underneath you that's good
that's good that's good design you know
you got a need trap when you're getting
people in the same spot every time
yeah I saw a comment talking about me
wake up there it's a like jack will make
it this far
riches playing let's just mean nice rich
I'm the man man if we could would you
guys do prereq full-time I mean sure
never gonna happen
oh of course of course and you know
we'll do it it literally is ah you see
that hi jack Isaac I am you know it's
pretty fun
hey no shame in that yeah oh that's
great well thus far is the end so yeah
so they never thought I'd make it to
them I said you would huh
he said you would know he said like Jack
would make it this far
oh you know wow I don't think that was
him though I think that was someone else
playing a little the prereq backstroke
nice are you gonna leave a comment
jacket I have I have to defend your
honor you have to defend my honor
oh no it's probably gonna actually you
know what its gonna tell me I can't send
this are you yeah that's my account no
cussing hey collecting data thanks for
making the level that was fun I say it
with a smile on my face yeah that's good
okay all right here I'll get the next
one you type in the next one and I'll do
the next one okay I'll buy to type it in
for you oh oh now that was okay um we
have BD be three zero zero zero zero
zero zero four two three four two zero
come by Twitter a friend huge and here
you go you need to unplug that and move
it or do you think you got enough juice
so I get the mic somewhere approximating
your faces more bouncy death UK name
that I named George oh my god
couple more Turtles that could be fun
jump on Turtles jump on Turtles
I wanna question mark you take them all
out that big oh I want to get to the top
no I get to top and just try to take out
as many turtles as I can really do it
from the bottom let me take it oh yeah
oh cool I like that oh my god oh oh what
oh you don't get curry powers though
it's just a skin yep that's funny huh no
no probably a link in here somewhere
then oh I'm sure well I mean just in
that one we got a Samus and not looking
at the screen I'm sorry
we gotta get all those one ups now you
jump you bastard oh no look it got stuck
I can't get in there now get another one
it'll just it's in fact I just don't get
stuck down there nope actually falling
down there is harder than it looks
that's like machine-gun fire yeah I know
you want Samus it's fine I didn't I
didn't have the Giants fine that's fine
when do you press the jump I never know
how to time those can you just hold it
can you just hold jump up what up help
Oh that'd work
No okay I think that works when you jump
on a turtle yeah yeah I don't think the
jumpers are gonna let you oh no oh no
you lost Samus is it so now we're in the
pit of despair Oh Sam is still yes she
went over the edge in the other side oh
how many times is Jack after Dan is that
you're goofing around right now
you're not going straight for the ending
well no you gotta like a loser you're
exploring you're exploring your
surroundings I can't I
this is what this is something very true
about me I've never understood how to do
that yes I know something is wrong what
uh-oh
the question mark I gotta leave you so
long oh well now I hit once I know you
don't your own man Jack you're in charge
of your own destiny is where
it was a webseries and I think they're
done making it now but it's called ask
slave okay
it was some lady she worked at like like
George Washington's house as like a
reenact
historical actor and she was their house
slave and she had a web series where she
kind of recreated some of the just the
dumb things people would ask her and her
responses to them specifically I even I
haven't I haven't launched any of her
videos in like a year now but it's
called ask a slave Oh is your easy
that's dumb endured things people have
said I love it okay next course let's do
another one from Billy Ray hamburger no
I mean yeah yeah all right we have f6 1
5 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 5 9 c EF somebody's
putting his level in the chat where
should he send level information if he
wants to have a chance of his level
being played in the chat like 20 cuz
we're gonna miss that well no wait until
we ask that wait until we ask you for
your levels because right now I'm going
through I ask people for levels on up
there earlier so right now I'm going
through the Twitter levels I saw I
happen to see collecting data z' in the
chat we did wonderful world let's play
all right here we go
seems exciting so funny
I mean oh look at everyone dies they're
an interesting interesting I think most
Titans I by doing that I know you know I
was I was trying to beat him out yeah I
was trying to you have a patient here
trying to game the system you know looks
tricky no okay fine oh you fuck be fair
I think I got the easy ones
I think this proof this is a good game
what does Mario maker its infinity Mario
oh that's cheap yeah no of course that's
that's the beautiful thing about this
game is if you just want to play Mario
over and over again you can and have it
always be fresh I thought a time that
better is there anything worse than
dying to a Goomba no I know no there is
nothing we're even even falling off even
falling off the ledge is like okay I
slipped or what yeah but no dying to a
Goomba is a shame
nope oh it's the goop of the most
pathetic enemy unlike all the video
games because in official more right
there corrupted mushrooms Kingdom
citizens right so it's like yeah they
owe what wait why is there a fish
because fuck you
we're on land well you can't see I'm not
doing like a like right under the screen
Jack you don't know that you don't know
that
you know what I want to just know what
was in those bricks but it's probably
some more enemies and so I'm just gonna
save it I'm doing it this time I'm
making it oh my god jump on the bullet
oh yeah that's an idea or the turtle oh
my god look is that it spits out
goombahs at like a thousand miles an
hour Christ that's neat
that's a new one oh my god Jesus Chris
this is kind of a neat one I like this
one
oh my god you're fucked you're fucked
you're terminated this is a fucking
tough one nope too early I know as soon
as I did too early
alright alright alright alright alright
I mean obviously whoever made the level
had to beat it in order to publish it we
know that yep so it is defeatable
now like is there something in those
bricks just coins in father I got the
fish there we go that's what I needed
that's what I mean you know what I am
now fuckin Super Mario I obviously I
don't know what the download code would
be for the level but somebody actually
made a Mario maker rickroll level where
there's a conveyor belt and like the
bricks over your head you can't do
anything but stand on the conveyor belt
and then it's set so as you go by those
musical notes play it's like and goombas
fall on these music boxes I don't in
MIDI with the music box
timing it plays a trick Ashley Shawn I'm
never gonna give never gonna give you up
that is brilliant
and you just you just can't do anything
but ride the conveyor belt the whole
level and then at the end of dumps you
often like a jumper that that sends you
right to the top of the flagpole like
you don't do anything that's great oh my
god you can't see this but there's a fly
that landed right on the screen and it's
just sitting there not moving that is
very very fuck fuck fuck this is a
really tough level yep this is great
this is a great level
Plus behind a shame well that was you
know yeah that's the thing
I'm sure this creator has been working
fuck this fish fuck that fish Richard
Jack yes Jack go up area you get go up
when you get that first spring there is
an alternate path Oh
sounds like the I give up path well now
I kind of want to do it this way
maybe it's horrible how do you don't
know oh I forgot that the fucking thing
comes out right away right yeah fucking
fuck you're not the only one parent like
everyone so it's gonna be the you know
is the trend for this gonna be like hard
levels' is that gonna be the trend with
popular ones I think you can choose your
difficulty you know like right now we're
just putting in codes but if you were
just like let me play some stuff and
then if you see like they haven't
recommended yeah oh my god but do you
think a lot of people are going to be
making hard levels you know yes if video
games have taught us anything that there
is a very devoted fanbase to hardest
balls games
right yeah demon shrooms demons
oh my oh my god like demon salsa no it's
on a thing oh I get it now
I get it now yeah wasn't that great I
tried it wasn't that great though run
run oh no oh my god oh my god okay so
that is equally as hard I don't know
this is good well don't forget to start
and leave a comment I will leave for
coming it's getting past those hammer
bros I kind of don't like that the
second mushroom isn't automatically a
fire flower yeah Oh denied fuck denied
oh no this is super good level over a
hammer brother with low clearance oh my
god
well you can't go through them you go
under when they jump yeah but he would
he had low clearance - oh they can jump
over they can jump over at least they
can in the classic game they can jump
over I thought I'd hit him in one hole
Sasori threw the hammer I was trying to
hit him in the head before through the
head
alright
nobody knows the hard stuffs hard balls
oh you're playing at night yeah that's
what yeah I'm a face fish what where to
go I don't know how did he get sucked
into that cannon
maybe Oh Oh barely
oh my god that's what I was trying oh my
god what the fuck is that I don't know
I'm just running oh my god oh my god oh
no I got it
Jesus Christ
Richard confirm for not having an indoor
voice like you looked like everyone
didn't already know that my voice is two
speeds I'm all ridiculous
chef sang witness witness yeah
witness one witness you oh but they are
a tear of the fence because witnesses
only one like you like suicide to
accomplish something you know I need I
need to rewatch Mad Max again I need to
her I've already seen it like three
times since it was in the theater yeah
yeah I need to I think it's okay just
came out on DVD blu-ray recently or how
I replayed oh look at what that one says
Zelda down there if you get x 'it can
play it all right let's see how Goodrich
does i think we all know the jack is
rooting fulfilled i mean i want you to
fail you've obviously you've seen the
level you know what to expect but
obviously I'm hoping for some sort of
failure but at very least not making it
on your first try that's all I'm really
hoping for
and then I kind of want to go through
and you let go to take the alternate
path and see oh look at that hidden
little guy you know that is what we're
being rewarded for exploring yep yep no
okay that's okay
oh look at that that moves it that's
what happened to it
yeah yeah you should see the smile on
Jack's face he smiled he smiled like
huge smile and then real quickly he
realized he was smiling and he he put he
forced a grimace onto his face there's
the most painful thing I had ever seen
no concern I had of course I'm smiling I
told you I wanted you to fail and then I
was like no I should act concern but I'm
not right that even even that is tricky
like timing that if you're too late he
comes back up if you're too soon you hit
him on the way down me not talking this
says Jack rich and talked when he is in
Lauria mode split atom that sentence
does not make any sense yeah you almost
don't want to be that Mario I don't oh I
have to wow it looks weird but he's got
a he's got the funky jump yeah what's
the funky jump
he's got like the Mario - Luigi jump
your right Dan throttle that this is
about the time when you actually need to
see us play the game you know I'm not
denying that face cams could be
entertaining for you all it you know but
of course you own you know the
logistical nightmares we have just
getting the stream to work regularly you
know after about a year and a half them
maybe we're good enough where we can
figure out a a video Cameron here as
well but I mean come on let's be honest
with the the addition of a video camera
in here while we're it's just it adds
another thing that can fail what should
they do sell whatever but that's not
true
we felt constantly it should have in the
name of our show we feel I have an idea
that I've been kicking around that rich
and I are gonna try out that will be a
little more face kami
that okay that'll give more like us
actually playing the game game footage
so we'll see if that pans out I used to
classic roles where with ii ii mushroom
gets you the this flower oh sure
yes we're gonna string we'd go for Oh
God go bro straps to each of our
foreheads oh my god I thought you were
gonna get it I did too
what's this Louisville ID ah let's see
if I if I still have this level oh I do
this level ID for anyone who wants to
play this level which you should it's
really great is a F six one five zero
zero zero zero zero zero two five 9c e f
Oh fine
need that me you need the mushrooms in
this I'd love to see a note like a no no
mushroom run on this level
make it as Tiny Mario through the whole
level type it into chat yes that's
probably smarter hold on hold on having
a is jet
nope not typing in the chat and now I'm
not working right now it's fine it's
fine I did it I did it
Vincent congratulations Frank
congratulations I don't talk no more not
you tries what do you want do the upper
path or yeah huh yeah let's move on
should we do another one it is whatever
you want to jackar let's uh will vary it
up a little bit now let's uh and then
we'll cook we can always come back he
has a bunch okay let's see here and try
this one seven seven five F okay zero
zero zero zero zero zero one seven d1b
ed1 breast enlargement yeah dog Koopa
shell has more fun
waiting for that thing to kill me
you know well I think we don't want this
about Oh yep yep we do you almost ruined
it reg can you not you do not reach it
apparently other people are having that
problem - wow that's frustrating yep
okay well it's great yeah yeah I get
don't get I hear uh start button ever
plus button of course I'll try it we'll
try it one more time yeah I wonder what
you have to do you have to get down
there like does it does it lower the yep
that'd be my guess
like hits a shell that lowers it sample
oh it doesn't destroy that one I'm just
oh no by the way that was a glitch it
destroyed that one last time didn't it I
think it did Oh Oh get together hood
beat it yeah oh yeah I think I get it I
think I get it yeah yeah that's a puzzle
that's a puzzle that's devious I kind of
like that I kind of like that I was all
ready to call shenanigans on this level
but no
we can do it oh nice oh that's clever
that is a clever liberal yeah I put it
put in the comment clever girl they're
coming whatever you want I'm just gonna
say clever but I can add in the girl
that's not a problem because that's a
reference to Star Wars Episode one the
Phantom in a minute Jack I get it I'm
gonna do it women I get it it's very
funny
that's very funny I get it

[Part III]
yeah alright alright we are going to do
get out of here okay we're going to do
with three seven seven six zero zero
zero zero
I should have why did I even zero zero
four to e be de what Edward bagel Daniel
Edward Edward bagel
Daniel Edwards okay here we go
good enough doing it good enough for who
good enough good enough for me good
enough for me
good enough for mud run so it's good
enough for me delivery yeah the guy who
did the the cartoon drawing app Lincoln
that was Bill muttering oh yeah yeah oh
oh look for the villager who ya from uh
from my animal crossing oh he's in Super
Smash Bros oh oh he's got to be a secret
up here right one would hope
nope no no no no - no - designer put
secret up there disappointed
mediocre
nope nope wait bill muttering did what I
think into the baby cartoon drawing up
Lincoln that that's used for the logo of
red letter media and whatnot okay oh my
god I keep losing him I love I want to
be the villager he's adorable things
gonna go out of it right um yeah I'm
saying yet probably not question us
what's down thing oh my oh my god
looking for coins here I'm looking for a
Lincoln flagon Meghan hey Michael
absolutely before I go inside of it I'm
not gonna lose it this time sure you are
well I'm not there I've lost in Super
Smash Brothers the the villager has a
move where he plants a tree and the tree
grows like over the course of the year
it's a really long battle you have to
you have to plant a tree and then water
the tree and the tree grows and then you
can chop it down and it's three
different moves and when you chop down I
can attack people okay is one of my
favorite cousins faster others because
it's so every day goes nothing
I'm mud Ron let's see what you're up I'm
done
I want to be the villager so I'm not
gonna get that what if it's something
even cooler I want to be the villager
Jack has spoken
yes I'm concerned with oh fuck oh yeah
what was that that was that was the
grace of God and then mm and then defeat
from the jaws of victory I'm on it
settle your flippity flippity jiminy
Liberty jiminy Liberty to begin I here
we go here we go here we go
I can do this you're on
a weird blind jump on your part jack
well you know I knew it was there
somewhere oh no I had the fighter yep
you did what you got what you got
hey somebody else is a fan of the
villager mm-hmm
can you set it soon as default one of
these things that is a good question
that is a good question or it's I do not
oh shit shit oh my god
shit not bad not bad you got it whew
that was tough one that gave me some
sweaty palms there sorry I'm gonna pass
your controller here that uh that's a
little if you scan amiibos in this game
they get added as costumes oh that's fun
ah that is still not a good enough
reason to buy me an amiibo so I'm still
vehemently anti amiibo all right why
don't we haven't you touch your kids
want them they don't know they exist all
right what are we doing what are we
doing let's get one from the chat can
send us a level set it's Chad if you've
done a level and if we have not already
played a level of yours Sam it's a level
the first level I see I'm gonna play I
don't think those donuts were in the
original Mario chat I think this for
those first appeared in three but this
is this game don't give no fuck this
isn't this is an original Mario this
ain't your father's Mario or we're
really old now this ain't your
grandfather's Mario okay ready yep four
nine six
f00 Zuzu
wait what was that last part again zero
zero zero zero yes 0 and then 0 0 and
then 0 0 1 2 9 2 FB ok ok what the fuck
is this
and so what the fuck is this fuck is
this straight from the pun oh my god
this is this is a fever dream
I get the gimmick what being big hurts
you can't--it's makes it harder to get
to the level you need to try and stay
small nice how it's terrible oh damn it
suspense says buying a we you this
holiday because of this dream thanks for
taking my money and handing it over to a
billion-dollar corporation it's not our
fault that Nintendo makes quality thorns
this it's one of those things where
where this easily could have been
garbage yeah you know like like for
example if it was just the maker you
know like there was no like
interconnectivity no sharing I would
have sucked
yeah Alfa fuck's sake like that's one of
those things that were like the gimmick
would have gotten old because you
wouldn't have had you know only the
levels you design you could play a
button whoa fuck tense tense tense
trying to stay away from that's a clever
design choice I dunno I didn't I
couldn't no I couldn't no yeah oh no no
that was a that was a leap of faith nope
yeah yeah no ma says this locks boring
as shit you know it's it's actually it's
open yeah I guess you could lock a level
I suppose it would be boring if the
levels were locked yeah so yeah if the
levels what you're right so you're right
if the levels were locked it would be
boring so see why I didn't
everything in this level drank redbull
yep
no this is it's this this game whether
or not you will enjoy this game hinges
entirely on how much you enjoy Mario but
who doesn't fucking enjoy Mario all the
time everywhere so so many exes
yeah yeah creepy Mario what is with
creepy Mario why he's so creepy
cuz he jumps funky yeah but why does he
exist I don't know seems random
why does does anyone know why creepy
tall Mario exists this game hinges
entirely if you enjoy games I think so
like it's one of those things where I
could see something like if someone's
just not into platforming games you know
if someone's just not into Mario
obviously this game would make no sense
to them that fucker every goddamn time
because I'm doing 80 things I can do it
I can do it rich I believe in you so
much this is why you smile when I died
just on the level that took me a long
time it's like you know if I did this
that my first try right oh yeah yeah I
probably would yeah
oh my god so many exes the crazy part is
whoever designed this level made it
through so you know at least one person
made it through
that's the aggravating part it's still
no Super Mario frustration well you need
to look up Super Mario frustration on
the youtubes if you haven't seen it oh
shit together rich get it get it right
together this would be like an easy
Super Mario frustration level that's
alright take the hit there you go
ah you're over the trampoline yep oh he
just finds new ways he finds new and
interesting ways to fuck you
it's the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel oh
god yeah you know you don't get one what
happened Jack a giant bazooka plant
comes out of the thing you know that a
giant bazooka plane comes out of the
thing ya know make it to the Goomba yeah
dammit this is this is something else
everywhere is this too hard is this too
hard to be enjoyable uh I'm just I just
have to do it now or are you just new
book no look at all those sexist look at
all those fucking ex yeah but like 20 of
them are yours I know I know I'm not
supposed to be the asshole you're
supposed to be yeah I know that's that's
our dynamic Jack we've been we've been
developing our dynamic for 16 months I
just threw that out the window he's
through the every once in a while I
gotta get a little jab in I know
and then people know that it's okay for
you
jump for the pain away rich just jump
the pain away
you can do this mom if you jump every
day listen fales been rich can play this
level as much as he wants that's just
what's gonna happen this is obviously a
crazy level I think we got this has
occurred from someone in chat too so
thank you what's happened what happened
what happened I don't know that CV went
dead what happened I can see it on
though them the WiiU thing what we just
what happened okay chat at all but the
for some reason I guess the TV was tired
and it wanted to take a nap and it went
to sleep don't worry we're doing things
TV why didn't you know that images were
happening
the rich it was fine for us okay great
yeah it was just wait the the TV like
wasn't and we are you know we're running
it through the the game capture device
so maybe the digital signal is a little
messed up but I think the TV assumed
that we had stopped watching oh my god
yeah yeah I can't believe that that's
great that's great rich asset yes Valka
Volvo Jian one two three four a sadist
absolutely made this someone just
decided we're just we're just gonna piss
everybody off today that's fine that's
fine
nice I surveyed but I think you have to
get down there I need to get up there
actually up where nope
you gotta get small and be down there
and then jump up oh oh oh what what are
you just hate to stay big
you need to stay big there I need to get
big there or stay big there whichever
one but there needs to be a big nests
listen needs to be bigness you heard it
here first folks
when do they give you the chicken hat
have you use that no of course you know
I've died enough on a level in Metal
Gear Solid 5 if you do poor enough I
think if you die three times on a level
they recommend that you wear the chicken
hat which means that you get free
enemies don't spot you when they should
oh that was a bullshit death I've not
worn the chicken hat it's a weird little
comedy moment in Metal Gear
just one doesn't well well that's you
know that's the thing so Mario Mario oh
fuck this all right five more tries five
more tries we're kind of down five more
tries five more tries I'm gonna know if
I don't get close cuz I have a strategy
I wanna try you have oh yeah that's
right you have a get big strategy you
have this whole get big strategy okay
yeah exactly they haven't they already
have a reflex mode which is one you can
turn reflex mode on in Metal Gear Solid
five and if you get spotted it slows
down time so you haven't like a chance
to either like attack or shoot an enemy
before they sound an alarm and then yeah
if that's not enough for any of you guys
trying to reflex mode off and if that's
not yeah then they give you another
option to make it the game a little bit
easier which is to give you a chicken
you need to be big here oh yeah oh you
can't break this those are rocks that's
not brick oh yeah damn my brain and I'm
so shit oh no that was your plan my plan
was to break bricks sure you're not
bricks they're brats that was clever
though like that clever solution yeah
people get so used to a level where you
can't break Briggs how the fuck you do
this thing
you have to you you can't slide into the
jump you have to go from the the
platform below the question mark and
jump into that Oh God and it has to be
precise as fuck
three I have not unlocked the six
million dollar man punch ID I now AM
able to get like I only assume you're
talking about the rocket punch
I just I'm able to purchase and I don't
have the money right now to purchase the
rocket arm which means you can send your
fist flying and it has a camera attached
to it and you could say you can punch
people like miles away you can just send
your fist flying oh my god rich do you
see what's over there
yeah but you need to you need to get
small for oh my god rich is right there
it'll be right there oh if you put yeah
that's right with it with or with just
with your regular fists if you punch
while running you you do it like a super
punch it's pretty cool it's no five
that was five all right this is five I'm
just gonna say this is five to give it
one more shot
yeah
Oh God that was terrifying
oh this is cruel all right
oh yeah I'll give it one try yep you'll
get it on the first try I feel so beaten
here's my cameras down there oh no I'm
not gonna stay I don't want to start I
just want to wait if I come in - I have
to start I don't know I just wanted to
come in nope nope all right I've got new
notifications later all right let's do
it let's do another chat one another
chat one
all right let's see here let's see here
come on
another chat one another that one look
jut when Jack is a lame-o it's very true
I'm very lame Oh what's the Oh lick
rickroll level yeah well someone what's
the rickrolled Mario level someone give
me the code for the rick roll Mario
level and you have to say Rick roll in
front of the level so so I know we need
Rick roll till experience here I can you
search for rick roll no you need when
you search it's only the ID finally
what's the rick roll level dad me to a
dummy it doesn't work what rick world
doesn't work why not I've seen video of
it did they did they do something to
make it not work for some reason I oh it
was uploaded on a review copy and that
is in a different server oh fuck okay
well then mr. Beebe's has one for me I'm
gonna just do mr. boobs okay that's your
9d zero two zero zero zero zero zero
zero zero f-4b eat searching for course
of course outline must have typed it in
wrong oh you just got rickrolled
or mr. bibs the one you sent me does not
work I'm sorry let's see here oh that
that's the Rick rollin okay so yeah the
rick roll one does not work thank you
so then we'll try another one give me
another one jet of course not found yep
alright let's see here made just for
chat says says d1 d1 f b 0 0 0 0 0 0 3e
c 4 6 1 ok
follow the path or straight off all
right so this is all about follow the
path or stray off oh yeah so in New
Super Mario Bros u can wall jump yep or
stray off or stray off
nope no the guys who actually make Super
Mario Brothers levels
thank God I wish we can make ours this
difficult maybe I was just a random
death I think he makes some noise when
you die he made a funny noise when yeah
I think so like I bet you know I bet
there there are certain levels that they
are envious of I would only assume oh
this is tricky it's right here how do
you even like jump on okay the coins are
showing you the route oh sure but what
nope
oh yes the coins are showing you the
route but getting from the skinny ii
skinny one to the second big one is
difficult i understand let me get bland
on top of it like that's gonna happen
nope nope rich like that's gonna happen
get it together get it all together for
a brand new show
yeah hey Oh Jack yeah I got I got scared
oh no carrots oh god oh god oh god oh no
no no no no get there okay run again
oh my god I just get so scared when I
land on top yeah that freak out oh you
fucker you fucker
I wonder if too many of these levels are
gonna end up frustrating in the long run
well I think that's what you know that's
we haven't played like we know these
we've only been playing the ones that
people tell us to play right now yeah
they're you know that's the kind of joy
of the the moderated ones okay okay you
know enough people play the good ones
and they will much you know much like
anything much like YouTube videos or
anything the good will rise up nope
cuz there's there's good difficult like
that one we played mm-hmm and who made
it cuz I'm a jerk yeah and that's the
one that you had trouble with the first
one you had trouble one mm-hmm the one I
had trouble with that was just like
frustratingly difficult right you know
oh sure yeah and you know I do believe
you can like if you search in just the
regular ones you can set your difficulty
level I don't you can sort levels by
difficulty yeah that's good oh it's
gonna be hard to determine difficulty
unless lot of people have played the
level you know mm-hmm hey I guess you
could keep track of the amount of times
people died but then again that might
not differentiate between good difficult
bad difficult right no but I think like
that's you know that's where star
ratings and comments
and I'm sure there is some sort of
algorithm that Nintendo is employing too
you know
aggregate that to make their featured
ones and top rated and whatnot and whose
it's fuck you I was on their rich I
don't know it's on their I don't like
this level also I'm like we're probably
also experiencing a little Mario fatigue
yeah yep you weren't about the coin too
much huh worried about the coins too
much I think
I'm not worried I'm not even talking
about the coins I happen to be getting
the coins I'm not even thinking about
the coins I think I should try a
different route like I think if I slide
on this no no no I look like I'm trying
to collect those three coins there I
mean rather than just trying to get the
jump right uh-huh
oh no I'm not even thinking okay oh you
dick you horrible dickhead I hate you
almost had a jam close you're close you
just did
pause and then make a big jump over the
one Veronica completely go get the dick
dick dick dick dick dick dick dick dick
dick dick stop stop look consider hey
come down hey calm down
Hey so I can't go to the right cuz it
from that line up there
now your first yeah doesn't like you
can't it's not it's not like um it's not
like super meat boy where you can just
bounce off of all you need to start a
slide first you know you need to you
need to be like stuck to the wall a
little bit in order to bounce off yeah
someone on the chat is trying to
brown-nose me by saying they like my
level the best ah yeah they admit the
brown-nosing though okay so that's
that's commendable as long as they know
it
speaking of brown-nosing I do all these
platforms kind of look like Boop
no look like they look like my brain
wouldn't go there there's just a bunch
of poop logs floating in the air
Hoopa doop - it with poop rates for poop
popping poop with piranha plants are
growing out of him yeah I don't know I
don't know they got a weird diet Wow -
Taco Bell your friends going to poop
that's not a good sign oh I just made
funny faces bye babe
all right under under different
circumstances I think I would like this
level because I like the wall jumping
what are the different circumstances
Derek uh fatigue Mario we're gonna fuck
you fuck you give it a shot fuck fuck
fuck
Jack I hate allergies you will you one
I hate allergies ya know
tired and sad that wants to know if we
think Super Mario Bros could actually
work as a movie at some point and you
know No the obvious answer is yes
animated movie maybe any and maybe maybe
an animated movie it's you know it's
it's an adventure story right it's it's
someone is rescuing the princess that's
it
and that brothers it's super easy it's
super super easy here's the real
question is do we really want it and the
answer to that is no he cares about the
deeper story in the Mario universe oh my
god
there's there is no need for a Mario
movie they could make it it could be a
ton of fun do we need it
no do we want it No all right that's a
lot harder than it looks
yeah yeah I don't even think we want it
I don't even I think we only want a
Mario movie because the last one was so
bad and we just we don't like to wait do
we want a Mori movie does anyone really
want a mario movie like I'm saying I
think the gamers in general want a Mario
movie only to remove the blemish that
was the Mario Brothers movie you know to
set us back to zero I don't care I can
just completely forget about that Murray
movie I'm fine with spitting about it
okay great yeah you can't have to land
on it and jump and correct yourself oh
sure no and that's the real thing is we
do not they could make a very good Mario
Brothers movie it would be a standard
adventure tale but we don't need it and
we shouldn't be asking for it oh that's
right you can do the twisties and I know
that I don't know that he'll play much
so well I think like you can twist to
kind of stop yourself
and gives you an extra jump nope didn't
give me an extra jump it doesn't
something it does something your think
another waggle from the we I'm new Super
Mario Brothers which I'm always thinking
about the waggle I'm bout ready to call
this one yeah oh yeah would do make a
good movie right they could make it
don't do movie like I'm so no they could
they can make a good movie out of
anything they made a great movie about
BMX biker riders in the post apocalypse
you can make a good movie about anything
do we need to do movie do we want to do
movie the answers now you know our are
there games here here's the question we
need to ask ourselves is are there games
in which we like the characters so much
that we want to explore their
personalities more right maybe maybe
there are some games that uh that I
would you know you know what I would
what I would really like something is
something that I really enjoy is the the
Team Fortress 2 animated things the meet
the team videos and the the comics I
kind of explained the lure of tf2 which
is just insane at this point now you
can't jump to that next platform because
there's a fucking piranhas there so what
are you gonna do jump over it
Oh Mike you know I would love a Team
Fortress 2 movie but you know there's a
game where they have so little character
that it just doesn't that they can do
whatever they want
and of course valve has done such a
fantastic job with all the meet the team
videos where they could make a really
fun little movie out of that I of course
am a terrible fanboy shit fucking shit
no no no yeah you know what I even
though I've never much cared for the
games I could see there being a fun
Assassin's Creed movie isn't there an
assassin's creed movie being made I
don't know I believe there is Michael
Fassbender right s blastin Creed that's
basically Greeley I believe there's an
assassin's Creed movie being worked on
that there could be some fun in there
that's a neat setting that's a neat
world as long as you know we'll see
alright about ready to call this level
yeah okay what time is it we're getting
close to call thing we're getting close
to calling it time yeah this is all we
got today yep let's do one more yes
Michael Fassbender is the lead in the
next in next holidays Assassin's Creed
movie they could do something fun with
that as long you know as long as they
don't worry about following the game too
much like you a movie about an assassin
set in that time period could be a lot
of fun right
I don't know enough about the Assassin's
Creed universe to say I and you know
maybe that's why I'm okay with the idea
because I don't know anything about the
Assassin's Creed universe so it's like
yeah do whatever the fuck you want with
that universe as far as doom goes I feel
like isolation is very important to do
and I don't know if you can make a whole
movie it's just some guy shooting demons
and there's no one to talk to
you're doing to me as always the lone
Marine you haven't seen Dredd yet have
you
ah no I need to he's got a partner
driver he has a partner but the tone of
that movie is exactly how they should do
it do movie yeah what you need you know
I know I know there are a ton of things
that you need to watch but you know I'm
gonna say Dredd might still be on
Netflix and so it's easy to watch thread
what the fuck
look I made it on my first try and I
wasn't expecting it so they they nail
the tone and Dredd where it's like you
could do it do a movie like that oh my
god one more does the last ride last
ride for the last ride and I think we've
hit Mario fatigued for the night
oh is it listen I'm done
what's the plan I'm dude we're done I'm
done
do we want to ride one more if you want
to do one more we said one more we'll do
one more
oh yeah we'll do one more oh yeah let me
head back to Twitter here head back to
the Suites
alright let's see we got you let's see
what we got it let's see what we got
okay ready mr. glitch says check out FD
one nine zero zero zero zero zero zero
three two two nine six five those
numbers sound familiar don't if we've
done this one before air support no we
haven't
okay mr. glitch we're ending on this
thread was not the inspiration for space
cop space cop is as far as the voice
goes every generic hard-ass cop
clean eastward yep
but Charles Bronson Clint Eastwood
Bronson yeah every generic badass
absolutely if anything space cop was the
inspiration right no yeah I don't think
that's in any way shape possible I think
it's a little possible really good loyal
oh thank you once thrown out flowers the
others throwing up duties deuter's Oh
what do you got what do you got a house
you yeah that's a letdown
it's a fucking letdown I lost my flower
power I would love to see a Mario game
where you can still now like you hot you
have to hide as the question block and
wait till the enemy looks the other way
are you doing
give me a Mario stealth game now an ever
more intricate branching dialogue tree
you have to convince the other goombahs
that you are one of them and then sneak
into bases disguised as question blocks
Mario gear salad shell your shell here
yeah I just want a few goombas working
for Bowser I'm alright oh I get it it's
weird to play one that's just kind of
like a standard Mario level it has the
air oh shit what are you doing rich you
were there
hey si think it has the air support it's
a clever clever title
I would I would like at least one more
bad guy throwing cloud though and it's
all fine and you can see Knievel what
yeah if enemies didn't collide into you
if you were crouching as a block like
they just bounced off of it yeah that
would be great that would be funny I
think the experiment do they is it
possible I don't know that where's that
oh no
nope okay
air support air support hey is it a
flower is that a flower nice boy oh boy
you gotta fuck yeah
you get flower phone me Benji Benji
Benji if I subscribe what do they do
with my money
we buy shit like this we buy games we
use it to buy games for both this and
the show and you know we built like my
um my video game controller for my pc is
recently been worn out from that stupid
l-3 running in in metal gear which i
always hate any game that makes you use
that that button excessive leagues that
buttons always bullshit yeah pressing
down yeah and now my my thumb stick is
starting to stick yep so we might need
to buy me a new controller what the fun
shit like that oh I just got an email
from valve yep to vet to make sure I
verified my shipping address because the
steam controllers are coming next month
which obviously is very very exciting to
me I mean I can't wait to get my hands
on the steam controller so obviously we
know we'll get you a good controller as
well and you know I don't know how you
might has always been the Xbox 360
controller I just want something high
quality that'll work on the PC I've
heard good things about the Xbox one
controller and you know it's wireless
well in that that or the way Wireless
why you need it's got a bluetooth
receiver for that you know you know
we're wireless natively don't you have a
Bluetooth in your I don't think so
oh okay
oh yeah I think it's in general its oh I
just assumed you had a wired one has
less compatibility issues I believe with
games so oh you know what and I always
like wired to just just so you don't
have to ever have to recharge it yeah I
live with my wired the one of the
greatest investments I think I ever made
was buying two ps4 controllers
especially while playing metal gear
because they only last a couple hours
it's just like plug one and play the
other one
oh I'm annoyed that like rubber on the
thump stick on my ps4 controller yeah
start a war off really yeah
there's a looks like a terror where it's
hard plastic underneath its really
annoying shoddy hacks oh God there we go
alright wasn't even that hard I'm just
worn out if this the Marga fits yeah my
fatigue let's uh all right everybody
listen up
we've got jingis Borgnine hometown
markup baby Slayer one five six Oh what
Chernobyl oh we've done this one before
Chernobyl II kinsman that's what it is
sure no be sure no be here's not
Chernobyl because that was the thing
where's it happen
Chernobyl kinsmen maybe that's it yes
your noble kinsmen Chernobyl kinsmen
striker
11:21 van pastel
Henry please future future J contrary
contra mundus powerful raindrop elvez
delvis nasty flat nice I don't know
pickles me yes honey slut that's a funny
beard
ah fleshy patch self bisector is young
that quick look around and Ricky - Jim
genic genderqueer Jason Jason kick kick
aura jason kokoro thank you for
subscribing and doohickey to give zeroes
and suppose this is weird you're
subscribing we really appreciate it
this truly really thanks all for coming
out I think this is this is a super fun
time super mario
