Jul 15, 2015
Arkham Knight, Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9696923, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rR8IkmQb8MA
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9725762, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpLSffIEWQ8
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9726194, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmguSsHgM2I
1:34pm: "Someone will be streaming something tonight... at some time. I'll try to update as I know more." (archive.vn/jrZT5)
8:36pm: "Bat Guuurrrrrl RIGHT NOW!!!!" (archive.vn/zoD8Q)

[Part I]
happening okay now it's happening I'm
gonna tweet I'm going to tweet right now
I say good evening it feels like fucking
midnight you were working yeah you were
working hi everybody we're going to wait
for confirmation it's happening no we're
not playing fallout is this is this the
new joke you want me to play fallout
because that's the joke
bad girl so this is the new bad girl the
Alsea feeel say don't look this is the
new bad girl DLC I got um i I bought the
season pass because I wanted to play the
DLC how much this season past season
passes 40 bucks this is fuckin Christ
right so you can play three 25 to 30
minute long story bits and get like
eight skins oh and then they're gonna
shoe whore inch horn in challenge mode
which fucking should have been there in
the first goddamn place I agree with you
fuck them I agree with you but I wanted
to play Batgirl laughs and and tell me
Jack can can you buy even if you don't
have the season pass can you can you buy
this individually not right now oh it's
well it's not available right it will be
available later how later like next week
like September oh no oh oh that's like
months away so we get the the early we
get we get suckered fucking DLC scam
bullshit we get suckered into buying the
season pass if we want to play it now
and be exciting oh yeah we also we and
as you accurately predicted with with
this we got a couple new skin packs we
got a new new 52 Batman and
some other skein I don't know yeah but
yeah so this is it this is this is what
we're doing tonight I'm excited about we
know what we were just talking about and
I'm glad you left it up on screen we
were just talking about how Harley Quinn
looks in Suicide Squad trailer and here
is something that I think is missing in
modern Harley Quinn Harley Quinn used to
look adorable yes she was she looked
like a sweet girl and so then when she
would say hit Batman with a giant mallet
the juxtaposition was fun and now she
looks like a badass so then when she
acts like a badass it's no longer fun
for me furthermore I mean it ruins the
pun Harley Quinn needs to look like a
Harlequin it's not a pun anymore it's
just it's just a name right she is no
longer a Harlequin yeah and so she's
just Harley Quinn and that's fine it's
but it but you know I I so in general I
dislike her new realistic badass look I
much prefer her I think actually in this
DLC we get to see her in classic
Harlequin garb okay oh yes did they end
in challenge maps ah no that's fucking
bass no challenge maps yet in fact they
look at a charge for that just makes me
sick yeah you called it you called it
you're calling it all rich
you called it all oh I say I smell down
all these stamps
know it like I understand that they're
going for like her as a mentally
deranged woman and you know like they're
playing up the acrobatic skill and you
know that's the part that Joker is going
to play in Suicide Squad is he's going
to like transform her into that girl
right he's gonna have a very small role
in the movie but of course they're going
to advertise him a lot she's not as fun
a character anymore this is this is my
problem she she is now a one-note
character whereas before she had a
little bit of fun and a little bit of
dimension
I like that girl rich is playing by the
way yeah rich gets rewarded with a
little play because he was working hard
today it's time for the bomb man
plus I'm not gonna spring for the
goddamn season pass so exactly I can
play this any time I mean I used prereq
funds to buy the season pass you know
but we have some set aside so it's okay
well Robins here too oh they're gonna
try to fly 30 that's fine oh god you're
up is it up and you're down is down or
the other way around you're down is up
like oh I inverted yeah sorry you know
you know me oh god I can't look the
right way well the pause in the roots
reset oh my god oh my god you can do oh
my god it's amazing how quick I got used
to that yeah yeah let's come in and is
this someone doing a Mark Hamill joker
impression I I don't even have the sound
and I mean it's not just it's too quiet
really sure
as Mike we did waste our hard-earned
prereq donations on this BPM it's the
new thing and you know we've been we've
been in a bit of a Batman mood and I
thought this might be fun and and more
so I wanted to see rich rich made a call
about this dlc in the next episode which
should be done really soon and I'm
really sorry that's taken so long now I
don't remember specifically what I said
about this one so exactly but you made a
call and so I want to see if you were
correct in your call interesting you
made an educated guess about the Batgirl
dlc and so far you're half right in that
we got a couple new skin packs okay okay
and then you made a call on the length
of the deals okay okay well I'm almost
certainly right yeah I'm sure you're
right but we get to play as Batgirl
that's fun all right oh that's right
they got a map to the old pad on this
because they're weird
talk about spacecab oh that's right the
space cop trailer went up that's a
glorious trailer you guys should be so
flippin hyped for space cop I'm so
flippin hyped for space cop so I don't
you know what what do you want to know
like yeah childhood amusement park what
didn't you Schmitt Park oh I get it okay
I'm I think I can answer this question
they want to know if Batgirl has a
unique moveset don't know no I'm
probably I just I just turned this damn
thing on oh look combat I don't care if
they have different karate moves yeah
it's just countered hit counter it it's
still two buttons if there's weird new
moves I figure them out right I should
probably sis
you went to audio options oh my god oh
my god I don't know what I'm doing
what are you doing I don't know what I'm
doing I'm applying shadow of Mordor and
hand of fate ha ha ha some all loopy ha
ha it's on the same game um I too have
been playing some more shadow of Mordor
and man I'm getting bored it's like
where's the where's the orc captain
right that's what that's what the game
should be called where's the or captain
where's the orc captain that will kill
you so oh that voice actress is phoning
it in uh I can't tell oh you can't hear
huh supposed to do jack uh space crap
I'm sure I'm trying to think of space
copy things to talk about I do you know
there's so there's so much good in there
I don't know oh I guess overall sure
someone that someone has overall rich
what did you think of the Suicide Squad
trailer uh I'm not familiar with DC and
I'm sure the costumes are different so I
was like who the fuck are 99% of these
people right I knew I knew Harley Quinn
and I know the-the-the jug of Joker
Juggalo Joker the judge oh hello The
Joker law
yeah well you know who Deadshot is was
that Deadshot Will Smith is dead job
he's dead shot yeah yeah yeah
Will Smith what did you watch the
trailer I didn't know he was dead shot
hold on we want to listen to Joker
that's Mark Hamill yeah yeah okay well
that's nice that's nice that is back for
us the first time i recommed night that
we're actually seeing the Joker yeah
ah Killer Croc looks cartoony but
whatever what where and this Suicide
Squad okay you know Killer Croc I don't
you know what I don't give a shit about
the Suicide Squad yeah yeah all right
that's fair you know what I care about
what ash vs. Evil Dead fucking ash vs.
Evil Dead looks like this could be the
greatest thing ever by far and away the
greatest thing ever it looks like it's
going to be the greatest thing ever
I'm so psyched for ash vs. Evil Dead
is gonna be that's gonna be great and I
guess it's not shocking I mean it's uh
it's all the same Sam Raimi director
first episode it's yeah you know you
know what Bruce Campbell's gonna do you
know you know he's gonna be Bruce - yeah
the left stick neither of them are doing
anything oh I was it just going oh okay
there you go
Suicide Squad got their name because
they make you want to kill yourself yeah
you know where am i moving this thing
and why I don't I just don't know
probably 200 just moving it out of them
okay you know they spent all their money
on Will Smith so my guess is the movie
itself is gonna look fairly cheap but I
just I don't the the nice thing about
that movie is I have almost no
preconceptions about 90% of the
characters in them mm-hm and so that
that is nice coming in from a fresh
slate the bad part is the one character
I dunno Harley Quinn it looks to be the
center of it
really she didn't do much in the trailer
she's featured along the trailer not
really ship what she does she's like one
line yeah but like they start on her and
yeah I got the Joker bed they got yeah
why because she's got tits yeah yeah
yeah yeah that doesn't mean she's that's
the central that does not mean she's
central in the movie but she's central
to the trailer well Smith is the famous
one the movies gonna set her around Will
Smith and he's gonna do a terrible shit
job as Deadshot or a dead shot or or
Deathstroke dead shot dead John I
originally thought he was Deathstroke
because he has a two-toned mask yeah but
apparently in this universe Deadshot has
a two-tone mask must very similar to
Deathstroke
but it's Deadshot not that stroke not
Deadpool why am why isn't in London
letting me move and attack his people
what's going on oh I don't know how was
the pay attention what does it want me
to do Jack what did I miss
oh you got to go up there I can't I have
no idea right I think you have to take
down everybody why is that thing blowing
orange can you do something with that
thing
is there thing it wants me to use should
you hack it can you hack the planet uh
yes I can hack the planet great now then
Oh oh my god what's scare
Oh see I got you shadow Mordor they're
really generous with the colors oh god
they are which is great because I died a
lot anyway it's made me a little bit
mashie I like that I stopped that
tired and sad says jack the biggest
reason why Batman vs Superman looks
better than Suicide Squad visually is
because one is thirty five-millimeter in
Suicide Squad was shot on a cheap-ass
Alexa one you probably don't know how
expensive an Alexa is because they are
not cheap-ass and Alexis are great
cameras so I don't know what you're
talking about
Alexa's are really great cameras know
that they look different because of
post-processing Batman vs Superman has a
cartoon filter over everything and and
an awful brown grunge color tint over
everything I don't care no rich doesn't
care it's gonna it's gonna be terrible
Mike Mike ants are like do whatever you
want the only thing that excited me at
Comic Con was really - first Evil Dead
yeah that's all that's all I need some
findable find some way to watch that on
Halloween yeah we need to find a bar
with stars because or or I'm just gonna
have to get cable for as long as done it
might be time for me to get cable up my
place anyway for the streaming oh sure
sure internet yeah
internet cable package for a nice
internet cable package that could be
Aleksei is cheap compared to a
35-millimeter i-i-i i think i've we've
talked about like my film versus digital
debate it doesn't matter as long and it
doesn't matter because Batman vs
Superman looks like a Zack Snyder movie
and I don't care if he shoots it on gold
lined film through a diamond lens camera
it's still going to be a boring movie
hey 3 overs all right yes was no
complicated thing in the world though
you know what the Thrilla 300 or three
thing and kill everybody I get it
oh no you don't kill her so she was
again I guess that's good for her
character she's a hacker she's a
computer lady so she's using computer
skills her cape gets stuck on her head
sometimes that's funny oh my god yeah
don't die is bad girl rich
300 was an alright movie Watchmen looked
alright it was it was pretty bland but
it looked decent watchman could have
been a lot worse
hahahahaha sure by the way that's that's
an appropriate way to see it to say that
though even though he probably wouldn't
have had any respect for the source
material would you have liked to have
seen the terry gilliam version or um
would have been probably would have been
different
and possibly interesting wouldn't had
anything to do with Alan Moore's work
but I want Alan Moore's work I can read
the fucking comic which is what you
should do anyway right right I think
Terry Gilliam would have ran with the
whole washed-up superhero thing and so
yes I would much and so that it wouldn't
there wouldn't be any action which is
wholly appropriate for the Watchmen yeah
and it would have concentrated more on
their characters being horrible people
so yes I would have really liked to see
the Terry Gilliam version krieger 783
goes I own 300 I just saw it on my shelf
when did I buy that it was probably the
very first DVD you bought and then you
put it away I never watched it again
I got David use at home I've never
watched yeah yeah now this cheap no
never get around to it forget I have it
like bat lady
yeah bat lady sounds weird that lady
sounds weird and I think Batgirl works
bat woman even that woman is strange
don't you think
hey you're just used to Batgirl I am one
bat woman works just as well as Batgirl
that woman yep
you know what there's there's an extra
syllable you gotta look for that voice
yeah girl is cheesier girl is cheesier
that's true
oh my god
Guillermo del Toro was originally
supposed to direct the Hobbit that would
have been a very different movie bad
lady lady t-tom by the way just a tiny
little thing
um when she does the scientist and who
knows how she has to like put an e on
their back to go like get to their
height oh yeah because she doesn't have
the weight or height of Batman and so
she has to like kind of jump on him a
little bit that's cute
tried time it nice
I almost miss this guy huh yeah that
would have been painful
oh I can't land on that spot well that's
just great now I can't get up there nope
he last year
it's a matter of pride I don't like
being seen yeah no I agree I'm with him
del Toro's Hobbit could have been great
he is a del Sur has a wonderful visual
aesthetic so it could have been great
yeah yes she does
what know if she has to I think it's
just animation they do there's not fun
yeah well I don't feel make it makes it
feel different I what I want to say is
that's attention to detail you know they
wanted to make her a little bit
different that's a that's a nice little
detail they put some thought into bat
lady lady cheetah bad lady you didn't
want to sign on take down them like I
like the variety
what's up oh hi are you coming and
joining I think I'm why we're watching a
bat lady I just made a beverage hole sit
down relax well here why don't you take
that chair and pull it back a little bit
and I'll get you a microphone what I
know ladies if J is here
oh my god where's our microphones we D
we needed microphones and we need cables
for Jays pardon my step rich can't climb
over that ledge for some reason oh well
oh no I can't hold on everybody
we're getting Jay set up Jay was working
said everyone almost went down there -
down there there's that as many fun
environmental takedowns in Arkham night
it's kind of disappointing there's no
like glass I can drop through there's
not as many breakable walls well yeah
this environment - looks pretty bland
compared to I think I think that has a
lot to do with indoor/outdoor like an
Arkham Asylum you know you're indoors so
there's more stuff there's more stuff to
interact with you know you know what I'm
saying you know I'm Sam you know I'm Sam
you know get out of saying shit no I
don't think anything's great I just
fucked up
well that's whose fault that guy wasn't
dead oh come on oh my god what did you
okay
those are said most recent Batman you
yes this is the new DLC where we get to
play as the bat lady lay bad girl
Batgirl or just call her what she's
called huh you can just call it a night
when she's called the Batgirl they go
back yeah he refuses ah I don't refuse
that ladies fun okay everything's fine
now my rooms in slight disarray ah feels
good just to sit excited about the city
yeah
J yes no not there I was not adequately
prepared for J and that's my fault
poppin mr. Poppins penguins I just
popped in ah
J testing one two three
uh testing one two three I'm talking
bears oh hello I feel like I haven't
like hung out with you guys while you
stream in a while it has been a while
you were working
yeah you'll be working I was just
telling rich that after I'm done with
the Batman episode which is taking just
far too long why is it taking so long
like right now it's at 45 minutes oh my
god yes oh my god and I'm not done with
it holy shit
yes it's very intense okay and we get on
lovely we are afforded a lovely video we
get to use video from the video game to
illustrate points oh I'm like half in
the bag where you can't just take a part
of the movie right and so a lot of it is
very helpful if we could whenever good
and so that's a lot of it is hunting
through all the game footage to find
specific points Illustrated matches
takes a lot longer yeah but once I'm
done I need to hammer down on some space
cap effects ah yeah yeah I'm gonna get
you some shots soon those light bars
yeah the sweet-ass light bars that
everyone saw the space cup trailer yeah
it's so cool it looks great could look
better it will look better in the movie
it's kind of like that shot everyone
complained about in the Jurassic world
trailer of the gate and one said it'd
look terrible in the trailer and there
was like a completely different shot in
the final movie ah so there'll be some
of that in space go high and did you see
just recently today they they were
talking about the differences between
the Fantastic Four
I haven't even seen the new one just
because I don't care I'll even watch
trailers for movies that I'm not
terribly interested in and that one I'm
so disinterested in I'm not even oh I
don't care does anybody care no no no no
anything that matters anymore is the ash
vs. Evil Dead trailer because it's the
best thing that's the best the greatest
it made my week that trailer cuz I was
you know when they first announced it I
was like I feel like I should care I
just didn't yeah and then I read a
little bit that kind of it sound more
interesting but that trailer just sold
me it tells you all you need to know
it's yeah it's perfect it's perfect
weather the entire show will be good I
don't know but I know like the first
episode is directed by Sam Raimi and it
looks great I had to show a couple
friends that over the weekend you know
cuz I was super pumped about the trailer
it's like I need to find a way to get
cable and get stars down yeah exactly
other stars and they they all - were
very apathetic I was like let's just
just watch it it's just take a moment
yeah and we're all pumped it's like they
didn't miss a beat
not between army of Darkness in this
it's like the white American summer
trailer same thing where it's like it
looks perfect it looks perfect it looks
perfect it looks perfect
I'm it's an exciting time I'm yeah what
an American summer an Evil Dead show
like two TV shows I'm way more
interested in those than any movies that
are coming out right and now we have wet
hot we have Evil Dead we have Mad Max we
have we have producers and casts and
crews returning to old franchises that
seem to have not missed beets yeah
what's the fourth which is really
uncommon this really code what's funny
is we just were you uploaded a whole but
are not reupload we uploaded a bunch of
old half on the bags that were ever on
YouTube oh yeah and the Prometheus one I
talked about that I talked about like
Ridley Scott now we kind of dropped the
ball with the new one it's like I'm Mike
and I were like asking each other like
has anyone done this where they come
back like a decade two decades later and
have it be successful and at the time we
couldn't really come up with anything
and now it's like every night to still
you know we don't know for sure with
Evil Dead yeah well that but it looks
like they're on the right you know
they're they're on the right course oh
my god you can watch stars through Hulu
oh you can oh then I'm getting a fucking
Hulu subscription I have Hulu
okay I didn't know that thank you oh my
god 25 there's no shows on stars that I
currently have any interesting cuz I
don't even know that was on there if
that's true if that's if it's true I
hope that's true
someone confirmed someone in Chad
confirmed that you can watch stars on
Hulu but yeah it's all it's all fairies
yeah hey evil dad especially like that
was a big one for me like seeing that
done right because it's like I owe
everything to Evil Dead and Evil Dead to
like those those movies led like put me
on the course that my life is continued
on since yeah Evil Dead and wet hot
American summer huh - my favorite things
too and then Twin Peaks my other
favorite thing that's been pushed back
actually until 2016 Oh hazard yeah just
because they're doing twice as many
episodes which really makes me worried
that gives them more time for it to fall
apart because I'm convinced that it will
not happen I'm convinced that it's too
good to be true yeah Hulu commercials I
don't care I'll watch commercials if I
want to Evil Dead yeah absolutely if you
pay for Hulu you still have to watch
commercials you do for TV shows which is
kind of annoying like if you think if
you pay for it you shouldn't have to but
yeah I don't know how their whole thing
works but okay what happens if I have to
watch I will gladly sit there
commercials to watch evil that
absolutely I will pay and sit there
commercials yes to want Evil Dead
absolutely absolutely there was a well
not torrent it
no don't tard anything I want I want to
support that show as much as possible
because I have a feeling it's not going
to be super successful don't torrent it
I'm picturing like just a random like TV
watcher that doesn't really know Evil
Dead like seeing that trailer and just
being like what is this I you know I'm
trying you and could you do both one can
you get a torch and also support them
how do you support them if you don't how
do you say partner of you're stealing
you you you watch it you find a way to
pay for but if one I'll cut your own
copy I'll just wait until is available
on DVD
would you what if you buy on DVD
afterwards no because then you're
in the system okay you wait till it's
available and proper foot I love that
excuse from people the torrent stuff
rather like well it's not available
that's about an excuse I know you want
everything immediately but that's not
the way it should work no no but I want
it and it's like that's like the excuse
when I worked at Kmart in high school
and there was a guy I got caught
shoplifting by her secret shopper guy
nice and when he you know catches
someone he has to take on the back room
wait for the cops but he needs someone
else in the room with him for whatever
reason legal reasons I guess and so one
time I had to be that guy he's still
like a CD player or something so we're
all sitting back there just waiting for
the cops to show up and it's like dead
silence for like two minutes and then
the guy got caught he just out of the
blue just goes I would have paid for it
but I don't have the money
oh okay are you completely valid excuse
well and yeah Lucky Strikes I also don't
like physical media but I buy digital
media I you know subscribe to Netflix I
do all the things I can do to watch
things legally even though I don't buy
them on DVD
keep those wheels turning as someone who
keep the gears move creates media it
would be terrible of me to steal media
and I know people who do both creates
and steal and I'm gonna I'm gonna make a
draw a hard line
when I had block and I torrance oh fuck
you well that that's fine that blocks
different than torrent II know kind of
it's a little different it's it's all
it's all the same thing where this
running ads paying for physical media is
how creators are able to continue
creating yeah so fuck you too I guess
but but Jack I don't care I just wanted
oh okay well then even then it's fine
then everything's fine most of the time
speaking physical media yeah the only
one on the planet that's excited about
this okay not only coming to blu-ray but
collector's edition blu-ray play with
like extra features and shit the Garbage
Pail Kids movie I'm excited about that
are you yeah I thought I had I had the
Garbage Pail Kids cards okay well
everybody loves the cards nobody people
either haven't seen the movie or think
it's the worst thing ever I have it and
I think it's the worst thing ever and I
love it it's not like funny bad it's
just so bad it's fascinating because it
really is one of the worst movies ever
made but I am just endlessly fascinated
I want to know more about it so excited
that it's coming to blu-ray I think it's
the first like I ever bought on eBay was
a VHS copy because you couldn't find it
anywhere sure this is like no no 12
years ago did you start it back up
bridge oh there's another guy yeah okay
so he's seen the Garbage Pail Kids movie
though oh yeah I mean actually like a
just a kid oh I like the Garbage Pail
Kids yeah yeah oh I love the Garbage
Pail Kids everyone loved the garage sale
kids except for parents they hated the
Garbage Pail Kids
oh my mom thought it was funny no really
I just thought yeah I guess my parents
didn't care either way but I know that
was like a lot of controversy over those
oh sure
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
not a bad girl so rich yeah how's it
play so far it's oh it's fine it's
arcing but with Batgirl yeah okay
you have different abilities or anything
um I haven't noticed anything really
different dramatically different so
FAR's mild variation he doesn't have a
unique gadget those little bubbles are
pink and they're usually blue so well
she is a girl she's a girl so I guess
that makes sense
it's fine it's it so it's essentially a
new skin so far yes okay but I like
Barbara burgers
I like Oracle yeah yeah I like the
character bar goes great in dark of
night in this game hmm well there it is
oh I kicked my water I bet my walkie I
been going back to Evil Dead and what
had American summer there was a movie I
made a short movie I made a long time
ago and it was the first big project
that I that I made just ah not quite
that not quite Dead Yet a movie that is
not available online so huh so you can't
see my horrible failure and the night
before we were ready to start filming we
had all the actors and all the people
who were helping a shoot and everything
all the actors we hadn't really met or
worked with before except for one after
that certain famous actor Buffy and so
we wanted to give them an idea of the
thing we were trying to create and so we
watched Evil Dead 2 and what had
American summer oh really
and we're like we want to make these two
things and smoosh it together and like
some of the people hadn't seen Evil Dead
and some of the people hadn't seen what
had American summer and and then it was
a horrible time I wish I could watch
either of those movies like for the
first time again wet hot American summer
for the first time yeah that might be
that might be bigger than Evil Dead for
the first time that's the hard I think
already seen it once but I remember I
showed it were you there rich when we
want you you me and Mike and it's the
hardest I've ever seen Mike laughs ever
in my entire life it was such a rare
thing it was amazing
mainly at the the stand-up comedian the
Michael show okay yeah I wanted fucking
Jesus Christ was my camp counselor oh
shit okay oz Mike says J not to be mean
but what an American summer and the
original look like kind of dumb
formulaic comedy movies can you sell me
on the idea of them what makes them so
good in your mind what had americanism
personally seen multiple things what
does he mean by multiple things are good
why are multiple what is he saying no
he's saying they look like formulaic
comedies what but what hot American
summer but that's a singular thing oh it
looks like a oh I think what has
Americans ever and the original I think
he meant this oh oh mm-hmm it looks
generic because it's satirizing like
it's it's so weird because it starts off
unfunny the movie starts off not funny
yeah and it gradually gets weirder and
weirder and more surreal and more
absurdist yeah there was there's some
strange going on there it's it's very
strange it's not generic by any means
it's basically a formulaic boner Academy
today yeah teenage comedy that ends up
eating itself yeah that gets more
surreal and abstract and bizarre as it
goes along imagine if you put a plate on
a black hole and the plates started to
disintegrate and then like turn on to
itself
that's what wet hot American summer is
yeah there is absolutely nothing generic
about it no it's it's
buta in divine comedy like the old
Stella shorts
Stella's great lighting the stay I mean
I wasn't super big on the state I didn't
really hit their stride and Stella as
far as I'm going to be show the Comedy
Central show are just the shorts just
the internet yours oh you've never seen
the show no no the shows good oh yeah
yeah
but what's crazy about it is it's that
same like weird humor but it's shot
really good like the production value
for a cable series like it looks really
nice yeah
which makes it funnier oh it's like this
looks like a real thing but it's just a
bunch of nonsense
I like their internet charts were so
early yeah in the world of internet
video crap here you're doing crap I'm
doing crap yeah I'm sorry
hey Robins back yeah um those those
videos were so early like pre YouTube
yeah are the stellar shorts so even
finding them online
was it a treasure hunt just strange and
weird yeah just added it to my Netflix
list yes wet hot American summer is a
month it's on Netflix the movie that
suns if you have Netflix streaming it's
on there it must see it it's it's
brilliant there are people though that I
know that just don't get into it or it's
like I think you either connect with
that type of comedy or you don't like
because there's a there's a layer of
sarcasm to the whole thing where it's
like you either understand that or
you're just like this is the dumbest
thing ever maybe maybe you have to be
the kind of person that is generally
into movies to understand that it's a
movie eating a movie yeah yeah maybe
maybe it's hard to explain it so it's
the type of comedy they do is so hard to
like pin down because it's that because
you can't pin it down yeah there are
things where I can't even explain why
it's funny you know some jokes like it's
not even really a joke but it's funny
right like the part when they uh there's
the famous scene really going to town
it's like it's always great to go into
town even if for an hour but at the end
of that when not Michael Showalter is
like hey guys wait up
and I guess runs over and they're just
like leaning against a barn like with
their heads against the barn and he just
walks up next to him and does the same
thing it's like what are they even doing
we're saying like hey guys wait up like
they're in the middle of like you know
playing softball or something they're
just hit their heads leaned against the
wall no and like the whole being the
entirety of what's his name
christopher meloni oh yeah Jean Jean or
the host the whole Molly Shannon
sub-stories oh yeah
she's getting a love advice from the the
10 year olds ah that's great why don't
America summer is great it's it's one of
my favorite comedies Oh hot
you're the fantastic is and I'm very
excited about the show yes all I can't
believe they got everyone back yeah
that's great
even david Hyde Pierce who does nothing
anymore it's like for you David Wain
yeah I'll come back for you good good
good
it's also funny seen that trailer and
seen the sharp contrast between Paul
Rudd and Michael Showalter and how
different they look like Paul Rudd looks
exactly the same as he did 15 years ago
I guess I haven't seen Michael Showalter
recently didn't you see the trailer for
the show yeah he's in it anyways like
like a hundred and fifty pounds more oh
no maybe that's it maybe I just didn't
register even register that it was him
but Paul Rudd looks like exactly the
same like that guy doesn't age no he's a
vampire I also love that he's like a big
movie star now so he can get other
things like greenlit for these weird
side comedy that's true he's fucking in
man
yeah he's ant-man and he's also on the
white how American summer show because
he just likes those guys and likes doing
that stuff and he's good at it I love
that scene in the movie in the first
movie when he just throws his plate out
of the ground and grappa like pick it up
and it goes on for like like five
minutes of him just too lazy to then
cool to want to pick up the stuff like
no it's so good one baby I don't know
hello everything everything Oh Jay did
you see the death of Superman lives I
did interesting subject matter kind of
amateurish we made documentary Oh drove
me nuts I actually tweeted about this
because it was driving driving me crazy
the guy who made it
who I think is like a animator or you
know something so the death of Superman
lives for anyone who doesn't know is the
documentary about the failed Tim Burton
yes Superman yes okay which sausage I
like those documentaries like
Jodorowsky's do and like about movies
that never were made sure but the guy
that made it like he decided to make
himself a part of the documentary like
Michael Moore Morgan Spurlock where they
put themselves in it you know okay so
it's like he's interviewing people so
there's you know the talking head
close-up of the interview subject but
then there's like a two-shot with him
there and half the time most of the time
he's not saying anything he's just
listening so it's like why are you
showing yourself and he's constantly
nodding like like an exaggerated comical
nod like they told us they can't see
what I'm doing but it's like they're a
lot like largest not and he always says
like this weird frowny face and it's
after every sentence they say he does it
he's like hmm like he will know it drove
me nuts like I couldn't focus on the
movie well good you know when you when
you do talking head interviews you do
need stuff to cut away too sure but not
yourself just making a dumb nodding
motion over and over usually that's with
like b-roll or stock footage or a wider
shot of your subject
yeah I just I hate that like making
yourself a part of the story is the
documentary and I like them when they're
more hands-off yeah so and like some of
its just really poorly shot like the
interview with Tim Burton who should be
one of the most important subjects yeah
like like it sounds like he's using the
onboard mic like it's really echoey and
it's like grainy and ugly so interesting
subject it's worth watching but it's
just not very well made hmm
have it or not night that's fine what I
have it off night at this game Oh what
did you die yeah what a lot oh I'm sorry
okay I can't go to this fucking bomb in
time you've been more during too much
yeah slightly defense an excuse yeah I'm
trying to give you an exercise all right
I don't need one okay
I did see the picture of Nic Cage in a
color right you know cuz like there's
that like black and white photo of him
in the Superman outfit there's the
famous one neverold everyone got leaked
under the internet or something like
years ago yeah but that was only one
stage of what his costume goes through
in the movie the his final costume is
more traditional it looks more like a
traditional Superman almost the one with
like the electric running through that
that was where he is like regenerating
himself like he got killed or whatever
by what's a Tuesday as I do killed him
in the comics yeah yeah that's that
wasn't gonna be in the movie too did you
or did you guys do either of you read
the script no no okay
the script available I don't care oh
yeah yeah that's the thing is like I
don't care it's why I'd leave it and you
know what liked it which draft cuz
there's like three different major
director Kevin Smith drafts okay that
was the first one there was two other
writers after him
well that was he wasn't the first one he
was like I thought he was like the third
draft and then there were two writers
after him the way the movie presents it
is that he wrote the first draft that I
have no idea there might be more backs I
mean there might have been other of
course completely different incarnations
of it you know who knows oh wait no yeah
there were other scripts but they were
completely different okay there was and
then there was his drafts and then there
was like changes to his store so it was
like he wrote the story and then other
people changed his version of it there
were other scripts before that but they
were totally different it's not bad it
it reads exactly like you would imagine
Superman the animated movie would do
like it felt very lights and animated
movie ish but it's it's a decent read
and it's it's available online for
anyone who's interested in reading it
it's he's a good script writer
screenwriter screams he's a good writer
is he well he's good with dialogue and
like character stuff but he writes a
good screenplay like it was it was a
fast and easy read Naga it has a
structure to it it has a structure he
doesn't he's not known for doing like
bigger action e right movies like that
with a typical structure which is
shocking but no it's a good read oh yeah
Kevin Smith's Superman lives returns
did you hear about what happened to him
at Comic Con Kevin Smith no you did so
there was the big in Hall H the big you
know the big room where they have all
the big you know panels and stuff I
become do you not know much about
comic-con you okay you don't talk
apparently no no no whole each is where
they have like the Star Wars panel or
the Marvel panel like the big like I
know they have rooms in that pan no the
Hall H is the big one it holds like
thousands of Pete okay you have to wait
in line like all day to be able to get
into a panel or it okay but there was
the big Star Wars panel which was you
know JJ Abrams they're all do call the
cast was there oh great
and Kevin Smith's panel was supposed to
be in that same room right after his
uh-huh uh-huh at the end of the Star
Wars panel JJ Abrams says we had a big
surprise for everyone we're having a
free concert outside right now so
everyone in the the Hall H room left to
go outside so there was like like a
dozen people left in the room this giant
room that holds thousands of people like
a dozen people left for Kevin Smith's
panel like everybody just left know how
it what was this panel first of all what
was his panel he's at Comic Con every
year he always does this like Q&A; stuff
and I think he was Peroni in his new
movie he it's a new movie yeah he makes
all these movies that nobody cares about
anymore but uh yeah yeah it was he's
gonna show the trailer for whatever the
new one is and then do his typical Q&A;
stuff Oh cuz he does that every year but
sure but nobody was there well yeah why
would they be yeah I want to go see a
free Star Wars it seems like that's
something that the the show people that
JJ Abrams should have told them
beforehand yeah apparently was like a
big surprise but just wanna go thanks my
combo fuck fuck fuck one of those like
heads up Kevin yeah we're gonna take
everyone out if you want to come too
which makes me wonder does JJ hate Ian
Smith he might it's entirely possible
there are lots of people that hate Kevin
Smith I'm not one oh no I think I'm in
dude I think JJ Abrams invited Kevin
Smith
out of episode seven so I think they're
kind of buddies okay
not anymore though what medicos
comic-con kerfuffle whoo kerfuffle even
yeah pulled that word out that says that
is rude to comic-con was Kevin Smith's
territory god damn it yeah he was there
before was cool well before it was the
fact that I was reading online about
comic-con before come at San Diego
comic-con there were smaller comic book
conventions around the country
sure and the first thing still are their
fur the first one was in like New Jersey
or something the very first ever comic
book I'm a comic book convention was in
New Jersey and the first person to ever
buy a ticket for the first comic book
convention was george RR martin is that
really according to the internet i have
no way of verifying this how would
anyone even like keep a record he has
like a picture of it
hello okay so this is kind of confirmed
by him this is guy this is kind of
confirmed by him I've seen this on the
internet someone in the chat prove or
disprove me hmm I thought it was
interesting because that man is a giant
nerd yes in both a literal and
figurative sense well that's kind of
interesting yes I'd like to that I'm
gonna pretend that's true just cuz it's
a nice story it is yeah it is a nice
story Jay do you have any stories from
space cop trailer that you want to share
with anyone stories from the trailer
particularly of any fun faces we've seen
in the trailer oh oh Patton Oswald did
you know listen we got endless stories
about space cop and you will hear them
all eventually well we might have to do
multiple commentary tracks cuz this is
like a endless series of things to talk
there will be five featurettes
yes it's a grand misadventure
a grand misadventure but as far as
patton oswalt goes the short version is
this is the crazy thing about how we got
him in the movie we asked him mm-hmm
and he said okay so that's the story
because because you know he's a fan yeah
he's talked about roulette immediately
yes he has mentioned us many times and
what we discovered is he's because we
knew he liked the blinker reviews when
he discovered he knows he's much more
familiar with us than just the blinker
reviews yes true so yes there there will
be endless space cop stories to come but
those are tales for another day
what what a crazy story that was we
totally asked him and said yeah yeah hey
rod that's funny that is funny
I hacked that fraud you oh my god nice
nice rich Patton Oswalt's in space cop
or he's just in the trailer you don't
know it's hard to believe this is Arkham
Knight not one tank well this is before
the tank
this is pre tank rich a lot of fighting
nine-thirty keeping track of the time
how many levels so far there's been a
good number yes just about a shit yeah
shit you saw an rlm cosplayer at Comic
Con Jay's manhole says oh yeah someone
tweeted at us a picture of someone is
Plunkett oh I think we retweeted it
that's funny that's a deep cut and that
is I don't any people would get that and
by the way like wouldn't you just be
like dressed like an old man yeah just
look like a weird old man that's that
nobody it was just a weird that's
entirely possible
I have seen people out and about that
looked like Plunkett but I know they're
just weird old men you sure was this
year I've seen someone do plink o'clock
cosplay before yeah multiple people have
done it bless their hurt this was some
one this year at the the most recent
comic-con mm-hmm oh that's a good that's
a good question will the box for space
cops say starring Patton Oswalt no no
featuring no oh yeah
okay reluctantly containing reluctantly
contain listen we there were there were
some hoops involved in getting in
shooting with them I don't I wouldn't
say it was reluctant no no no it was
very nice of him to make the time to do
it yes
and that man does everything so the fact
that he was available for I mean what 15
minutes 20 minutes what a minute yeah I
was a quick you is a good enough
Batgirl because of like her size
difference does it feel different no
with her no and Catwoman felt a lot more
different yeah yeah Catwoman was
noticeably faster okay
I think we've answered this question but
space cop will be on blu-ray yes yes yes
most I mean we're still not sure what a
whole release plan is going to be yet
mm-hmm we're just trying to get the
thing done yeah most likely like a DVD
blu-ray coming this decade kindest
decade more than likely before the end
of the year don't say stuff like that I
can see the light at the end of the
tunnel so oh my I can see the light at
the end of its up oh yeah that's the
scary almost reached the finish line oh
you just got sucker punched way to go
rich all right cut bid strike yeah yeah
well yeah so so my guess is there will
also be a 1080p digital download oh yeah
of course some physical for all you
weirdos that don't like cluttering up
your place with plastic and CDs and
blu-ray
will you make any additional contracts
out of it also digitally available or I
don't know we don't know what we're
gonna do with that
we got to figure it out I just want to
get it done first no he didn't see you
at all breached it's fine it's fine I'll
take what I can get I didn't realize I
had entered a stealth zone yep your
Batgirl every zone should be a stealth
son you're a ninja

[Part II]
um you're a ninja yeah
final run time for space cop is just
over three hours but I like I know Jay
Mike have been working really hard to
get it like like 258 between 257 and 259
is what we're aiming for
I think that's realistic yeah I think
that's realistic we can get a lot
shorter if we just cut all the scenes
with space cop that's what we're working
on i rich has been desperately trying to
convince you to do that because they got
a lot of space gun we need to cut out
this shot for shot Gone with the Wind
remake oh yeah that's right in the
middle of the movie I think that makes
it though I take some people out but I
think it's important that's what turns
it from a movie into a perfect satire of
Gone with the Wind cuz right now like if
you cut that out you have mild allusions
to gone but you know Jack did you see
the Suicide Squad trailer I did see the
Suicide Squad trailer I'm so rich like I
was watching it and if you separate the
fact that it's supposed to be a comic
book movie like I thought it looked kind
of neat until the Joker showed yeah and
I was like oh that's right yeah because
I like that I like like the whole like
antihero
we have to assemble a team to go out on
this mission and they're all like
criminal exists I think that was cool
like it looked neat I tell the Joker
showed up I was like oh that's right
it's supposed to be a comic book thing I
agree I like the premise yeah one I
don't think the Joker's gonna play a big
part in the movie no it's gonna be like
a cameo or something but still he looks
terrible
it looks okay well and this is my other
problem with it being and this is the
the burden of being a comic book nerd we
were just talking about I don't like how
Harley Quinn looks Oh see I don't know
anything about Harley Quinn everything
about suicide squads for the movie it
looks fine to me well I think Trish Lee
looks like a Harlequin she looks like an
adorable Lady clown okay and then it's
really funny when she kicks dudes asses
she is a pretty little adorable clown
okay
and so but like even like in this game
they turned her into like a biker badass
you know are there any like incarnations
in the comics or anything where she
looks like that in recent days yeah oh
yeah basically ever since these games
started yeah yeah everyone is turning
her more hardcore mat and may call me an
old man but you know well if the movie
like for me cuz someone that doesn't
know anything about it like as long as
there are too many like tries attempts
to like connect it with an expanded
universe and that bullshit like as a
standalone movie like based on the
trailer like I think it was kind of neat
well you know tiny tiny eared Batman's
in it oh yeah there's one shot with
Batman but I'm sure that's gonna be like
a super quick scene maybe that's how she
got caught or something uh I don't know
you know I I have no I love the premise
I have no bias either way towards
suicide spot okay so I'll see it cuz I
see kind of is I have a compulsion yeah
I know people like the director of it
that David Ayer
the only thing I think I've seen by him
is sabotage with Arnold Schwarzenegger
which is like the worst thing okay but I
guess that was kind of taken away from
him and re-edited so what is he done um
fuck he's done stuff that people like
thanks to it I don't look it up cuz I
can't think of what he did I know people
like him though but David Ayer at David
Ayer David Dave at our David a OH
URI he did fury with Brad Pitt oh um and
you did end up watch which I remember
Mike said was one of the worst things he
had ever seen but I know a lot of people
like it okay and I guess that's it okay
all I've seen to sabotage the morville
Arnold Schwarzenegger movie
I'm sure this Suicide Squad will be
better than the incarnation that's
currently on TV with the arrow so oh
there is another version to let's go at
our do well the the TV show the arrow
yeah follows the green arrow it sees
the comic-book hero right and in that
show they have several episodes that
deal with the Suicide Squad oh I was
Harley Quinn in it and everything no not
hardly quite she was going to be in it
until the movie got Greenland now you
hear her voice in a couple episodes but
like a different Deadshot isn't it the
Will Smith is dead job okay bye a white
dead to day job okay um Will Smith this
is the most important aspect I hate him
but he looks fine in the movie like he's
subdued he's not cracking wise or
anything
I believe in Will Smith as an actor the
problem is Will Smith is really good at
playing Will Smith yes yes and so when
he tries to get serious is when we have
a problem
yeah and this looks like him trying to
be serious again bod Will Smith as the
as the cocky con man with a hard gold
I'm there America
Will Smith uh
Will Smith's movie roles have been taken
over by Ryan Reynolds and I'm okay with
that
as Mike says Jay you've sold me on what
hat American summer will you finally
accept my recommendation to watch wake
in fright
I will watch it eventually it's on my
list
do you have a look do you have a realist
I have a mental list and it's like like
a hundred thousand movies I've started a
spreadsheet of a real list
oh really are video games that people
tell us we need to plow sure
spreadsheets are where it's at it's I
guess it's hard man there's so many
things there's so many so much media out
there speaking speaking of mental lists
that reminds me of magicians which which
reminds me of James Randi who I've
talked about on the stream a few times
the magician turned Oh
conman D bunker yeah documentary about
ads exactly I just want to bring this up
just I think it just recently got
released on Netflix it's called an
honest liar it's a documentary about
James ready Oh
wanna see this oh yeah a little bit
roundabout rich but is great yeah yeah I
wanted to see that mmm an honest liar
well I mean Mentalist kind of remind me
like that's that's what sleazy psychics
that's kind of shtick they pull reading
your mind yeah nice oh the raid should
be on your Mentalist is the raid on your
mentor it is but there's two of them
they're both in there yep there you go
why am I having so much trouble with the
hacking I don't I don't know if you feel
the batteries draining out of your
controller it's fine I got another one
it's not plugged in I should plug in the
other one yep last night I watched ex
machina finally oh how was it it's great
oh I've been looking lately overpraised
cuz I had read some stuff comparing it
to like Kubrick oh that's a little much
but it is really really good I wonder if
in you know it's it yeah it sound like
VOD like you can rent it it doesn't take
long at all any words and thankfully
those remember gerbera back in the day
when you had to wait like six months
longer than that oh I'm longer than that
a year something I didn't get to see the
Empire Strikes Back and the fucking 1989
but yeah ex machina I was really good it
was looking for I guess like I didn't I
intentionally didn't read a lot about it
like before it came out or when when it
was out yeah um so I don't know why I
had it in my mind that it was a
completely different type of movie than
what it turned out to be like I was
thinking it was gonna be like this ai
you know
robot like goes out into the world or
something but it's really self-contained
like most of the movie takes place in
one location it's really like intimate
and and philosophical and it's really
good good no I mean the Sun Oscar Isaac
is like greatness what is it what else
is he
he was in inside Llewelyn Davis the Coen
Brothers movie he was Llewellyn Davis
and that okay um he's in a most violent
year lots and lots of like like
thoughtful intelligent independent films
and now he's in Star Wars Episode seven
and he's going to be in x-men apocalypse
so oh good so now he's doing the big
stuff but he's really got to make the
money you weren't for that payday he's
really great in ex machina I wanted a
I've heard really good things about how
house on a ship one day I'd like to pay
my rent yeah not just a good performance
but like a good character oh it's really
great man good and yeah it totally like
cuz I always have this problem with
movies about AI where like I don't care
how much they try to make me sympathize
I still just see it as a robot you know
and then and ex machina completely
subverted that like an in a really like
refreshing way without any giving away
any spoilers oh yeah don't spoil its
yeah it's it's great oh good good yeah
I've been I've been waiting for that to
come to you know like an Amazon or
something to rent I just came out this
week yeah I did it the first date
without because I wanted to see it cuz I
missed it in theaters mm-hmm that was
one day it was it was in the we have a
new theater right around the corner from
us that plays like independent movie
sometimes and and I was like I was
already and I just missed it like I was
there like the next day yeah Oh have you
been to the theater yet I have okay I
have finally finally and to my shock and
disappointment it is the type of movie
theater that serves dinner in the
theater oh one of those I don't mind
those when I know that's what I'm
getting into
sure I've been to it if you've been to
those type of theaters a few times
here's the the goodness I've been to one
of those theaters before we've like one
on the north side of Milwaukee that is
like a dinner the max man yeah Fox Bay
but Fox Bay has table that's not going
to work like a restaurant in the front
yeah yeah and then like the back seats
have like long rows of tables yes
and I went to the Fox pay once and sat
at like a dinner table and tried to
watch movie news an awful experience the
Avalon this new theater by me that does
dinner service that just has giant movie
chairs and then you have like a like a
tray in front of you Oh God
know what I mean okay that seems I gonna
be annoying to me I think that's the way
to do it because then everyone is facing
the same direction you have your own
little space and little tray in front of
you okay and maybe it's just because I
was there and there weren't that many
people there but I was asked if I wanted
service Oh which I mean I don't because
I want to watch a movie yeah but you
know they were thoughtful enough to say
do you want me to bother you and they
serve beer there s always a plus I'm
very excited to see to see more movies
but overall is a very good experience in
the popcorn with some of the best
popcorn i'vei've ever added a movie
theater hmm so that's good yeah I've
been there a couple times now and it's a
really great little movie theater well
alright yeah nothing's more important
than the popcorn you know sometimes I
think the quality of the movies more
important no no no first of all you can
watch a quality movie on your iPhone now
down your fuckin telephone get real oh
my god David is busting to the road get
out of here David Lynch so the
experience is part of it like the
theater setting the popcorn the no Shire
is all part of it
it's fucking great popcorn that's good
yeah
part theatre part cafeteria it is and
it's here it is and it's weird but like
the couple times I've been there there
haven't I haven't noticed any like
waiters while watching the movie hmm
so I think that's a good thing that's a
plus I don't know that's how it was at
Fox Bay is like the waiters were around
every 15 yeah and you were constantly
hearing like people clinking their
plates making noise yeah so like I said
if you know what you're getting into
like I saw what did I see there I saw
Toy Story 3 there there's like at Fox
babe it was like the second time I'd
seen it okay so it's like all right I've
already seen the movie now what kind of
half pay attention to the movie while I
eat my sandwich that's the thing I'm
gonna test that seeing a movie that I
actually care about seeing this weekend
and we'll see if it's a decent
experience I saw the dark night at a
dinner theater and I hated it yeah yeah
I saw the Dark Knight Rises at the Fox
Bay but that was I think that's fine I
think that was like the second time I'd
seen it okay like the lights were on
someone oh sure it's noisy it's bad okay
thank you yes I agree it can be bad it
looks like they're handling it
appropriately here by not to be too
disruptive of of things already yeah
that's good they all frozen no yep
yeah it seemed like that guy was just
kind of stocked but um you know what I
didn't watch any of it because I don't
care that much did you guys see any of
the Star Wars comic on footage now yeah
well I saw the behind-the-scenes thing
they're released okay but not the actual
panel huh I think that's what they were
talking about is the behind the scenes
things that's like look they've already
sold me on the fact that they're doing a
lot of practical effects like and I
think that's great yeah I I think
they're doing everything right from an
aesthetic point of view all that I care
about now is if it's a decent script
with new characters that I can get
invested in that's all that matters I'm
sold on it visually looks like it looks
fine it looks like Star Wars yes it
looks as long as it's not a convoluted
mess of a story I'm gonna be okay
yes I'm more excited about new Evil Dead
yes what this hey hi
oh my Oh God look at that guy just walk
around him for a little bit oh I have to
like I already had the buddy oh he was
just looking at a wall that poor AI
that's working tonight still just silent
killer Michael silent silent silent well
but I mean that a that was ridiculous he
was looking at a wall none of them I
have the heart monitors yeah so boring
compared to the other games I want to
say you called it you called it baby
does stealth something like that yeah
and I like that phrasing
oh no I don't worry about shooter that's
fine
that's why is it why is that guy just
waiting there oh sure yes we can't have
a Mad Max spoilery discussion yes hey
guys we're gonna have a Mad Max spoilery
discussion heads up
what's going on Oh someone says Jack and
we finally have a Mad Max spoilery
discussion suppose we can so yeah it's
been it's been long enough I think it's
out of the theaters now might be so yes
yes we can what you want to note Mad Max
spoilers coming up
coming up okay we're gonna have a Mad
Max spoiler talk okay spoilers spoilers
best thing ever one it's the best things
around if you haven't see I mean yeah
not a lot of spoilers are gonna ruin the
story for you for Mad Max because it's a
Miss Mad Max movie I had a pronoun
problem they say don't say you had a
problem with that movie cuz everything's
great
here's my one problem okay her name is
furiosa it's great
her name Lord humungus was a character's
the yeah the second man max I know
here's my problem with it okay her name
is furiosa and she rides on fury road
she takes fury road too you know like
that's her job right is protecting fury
road and her name is furiosa okay I'm
waiting for a point yeah but she was
named furiosa before she got to the road
yeah the word the word fury exists
outside of it road maybe was named after
her she's want to do the run maybe you
know what it's appropriate schlock for
the movie I'm not saying that it took me
out of the world or anything but
thinking about it after watching movie
we just like this is why we're here this
is this big spoiler just ha ha ha no oh
no that's not a big spoiler discussion
um I just in general spoiler talk that
was just something I want him I wanted
to mention where it's just like oh that
really bugged me that when she's talking
to the old ladies
is it like a you think is like it sounds
so similar I feel like it should have a
connection cuz it doesn't have any
connection at all know what I was
thinking him like in Lord of the Rings
there Sauron and Saruman right and those
sounds are similar that's sort of
obnoxious what what I was thinking was
that I know she was with the I forget
everyone's name was the tribes name the
rich guy the one with the waterfall the
war barrel I'd love the war boys not the
war boys but what was that area called
re oh I can't run whatever is that she
was with them from a young age
right yeah and so I thought they gave
her the name furiosa because it was her
job to protect fury road or something of
that ilk and I was like okay that's why
she's called furiosa but then it gets to
like the old ladies who knew her as a
very young child like furiosa oh no
that's just her name I thought I thought
the other guy gave her that name her
name is Furio son she just happened to
be the protector of fury road that's
kind of dumb that's fine it's an
appropriate thumb for Mad Max which is
appropriately a great dumb movie Lord
humungus yes that's the villain in the
second yes his name is Laura humongous
master blasters master BMG oh no no no
disrespect to goofy names
it was just what it was just because her
name is furiosa look at them bat abs ha
ha ha
damn girls the costume it's not her
actual ass oh damn girl you'd be doing
some planks guy like that bad girl
planks are the weirdest thing because I
feel like there shouldn't be any been
anything beneficial about just just
standing there not standing there but
just staying in one position but that's
the hard part that's the greatest it's
terrible I shake when I do them because
it uses muscles and I don't use muscles
no yeah not often I guess that's our
furo discussion trigger now I only sell
at one time I wanted to go back and see
it again and I never got a chance to so
does anybody in the chat have a fury
road question what's that's worth
talking about
what's your feet what's your fear your
own question him Oh Manny as I close up
yep gonna get a peek at badass
no that was the worst I mean listen I
didn't say I had a lot I decided I was
gonna open it up to spoiler discussions
I didn't say was a good discussion I
will say I'm a little cuz I know there's
talk of doing more now yeah even though
this wasn't a huge hit here I guess like
overall like they made money they made
money yeah yeah it's like I kind of wish
this was it yeah like he came back like
as Beyond Thunderdome was not the
greatest yeah and now he made this like
fantastic movie like one of the best
action movies ever like and now I wish
it was just done yeah as a part of me
wants to see more movies in this
universe because I liked it so much but
at the same time it's like you know
leave on a leave on a high note I kind
of you know part of me doesn't want to
see anymore yeah you know if it's made
equally well I'm okay with it
sure sure but it's like I don't know
something about this feels so special
like it's so neat to come back and make
something like this that's so great and
I don't know it's tricky it's like a
part of me wants to see more because I
liked it so much but at the same time
like end on a high note I did I want an
entire movie with those uh with those
swamp creatures that walk down low the
only scene literally one shot but it's
so great oh I was so fucking sold on
those guys those were creepy as hell
swamp walkers I love that idea that's
like it's like world building like we
see him in one shot but it's like we get
such a sense of what that yeah what
their environment is like yes I knew it
exactly what I was seeing and I just
wanted more of that yes yeah oh ah uh
yeah
there's an answer to that question tired
and sad here's my question would Mad Max
4 have been better with Mel Gibson no no
no no no I really like Tom Hardy in that
movie mm-hmm like it's a different kind
of Mad Max but it's perfect for that
movie dad what's the what's the button
to stop and spend yourself on my
launcher Jack I don't remember Oh
probably says I love to pay attention
once let me tell you the number of times
I've used the line launcher 0r1 all
right zero is the number of times I've
used the line launcher in bed so I have
this thing I've never used it because I
don't need to like really in this you do
some of the other games you need to shit
while in night in night I didn't use it
at once no Tom Hardy played it perfectly
yeah which is a big dumb man how I a big
dumb scared and confused man I like that
he's a little more crazy than the Mel
Gibson Mad Max yeah he has these visions
of you know that was a bit higher yeah
yeah exactly like I liked his version of
that character mmm him being haunted was
the best fucking yeah yeah it's great
yeah and how simply they they set that
all up all through visual cues mm-hmm
absolutely
they little there's a little voiceover
at the beginning right I'm trying to get
I'm trying to time all the time are they
living on the dead Oh a programmer
programmed to be yeah how come you
didn't have to get through the obstacles
that I had to get through
ah here's Harley classic Harley it's
weird seeing classic Harley with new bad
girl in new Robin but no it's fine I
like him cuz he get classic Harley yeah
she looks weird actually
in the catsuit she's she's like standing
all funny
yet I think what I did art no no I just
keep fucking up the the blade dodge okay
is Harley Quinn the most cosplay
character hahaha early early fairly okay
fairly easy and for one if you're woman
who wants cosplay you don't have to like
show your tits and ass to do it that's
true
you can keep your modesty and still be a
character that is bluffed yeah yeah I
feel like every every convention has
like a thousand Harley Quinn's yeah uh
Harley I would say Chumley is probably
pretty high up there some mortal combat
clothes that Street fight Street fire
blue dress big thighs yeah yeah um
trying to think of like big cosplay yeah
I mean Harley's I feel like Harley hood
has got to be the biggest possibly this
is me fight I think it's cuz it's like a
fun looking character uh-huh
well and you know you could you can play
with you if you want to show some tips
you can you know you don't have to
there's variations lots and lots of
variations you could have some fun with
it
and it is also incredibly hot that's
true
I bet Poison Ivy's up there too just
just from the sheer amount of variations
that you can do it poison ivy
plants everywhere or nowhere it's
probably the only time in the series
there's been an actual fistfight with
the Joker who wasn't some kind of weird
monster version of the Joker oh okay oh
my god did Robin just choked out Harley
that is not politically correct
Lara Croft is probably up there yeah
motocross is probably up there Slave
Leia is definitely all lately is a big
one yet there you guys go you guys are
getting him Joker is one of the most
cause played for men I would yeah I
would absolutely believe that look happy
riches I wish ever felt rich you got too
happy you just wanted to look at the
Joker you weren't dodging him
has anyone ever cosplay Taz Ernests
dollar mist movies somebody's cosplay
does mr. blinken so I'm gonna say yes
and it's not weiners get out yes here's
the question has anybody ever attempted
Vern there's no way to do hey that's my
joke I know I get it but that's
impossible that's beyond impossible
storm troopers yes everyone cosplays as
storm troopers or sexy storm troopers oh
sure I know oh fuck oh did you lose ID I
got died oh um yes I also know of this
one guy that cosplay does George Lucas
oh that was George Lucas oh no it wasn't
like that wasn't cosplay no that was a
performance that was yes that was
business oh it's different you know
what's cosplay is business for some you
know what I have like eight people want
to take a picture of them punching me
really multiple people not just one
multiple rave yeah did you let him oh
yeah are you choking me punching me
kicking me oh sure sure sure
oh that's really funny
what about sexy earnest sexy earnest you
can do that like it with Ernest goes to
camp sexy camper outfit well no we're
just wears the same outfit in every
movie though so is the gray long-sleeve
shirt with the denim vest and the denim
pants denim like oh yeah the denim denim
vest okay so someone get on the sex get
Ernest cut the 1% of people that are
watching the stream that are female
yeah it's now you have a project which
is to go to a convention dressed as sexy
Ernest I'm about to break a Google
because here's a sexy Ernest I'm gonna
rule 34 oh don't do it don't no don't
that's one that doesn't exist right I
bet it does that reading does that
breaks the rule it exists as a joke hold
on I'm checking right now I don't know
of anyone ever has cosplay - sexy Ernest
I'm rule 34 Inge Ernest your perversion
is getting me distracted and killed it's
not perversion it's curiosity there's a
difference there's nothing more
distracting than somebody talking about
sexy Ernest okay I'm doing it okay I
don't want to like I don't want to see
sexy nervous for any sort of like
titillation I'm just curious because
it's such a fucking weird thing for some
reason that took me to a lyft app I
think that's just a regular porn website
that's the problem when you look for
this stuff you always end up an actual
porn what the fuck is this this is Mouse
porn is there like an Ernest Mouse
cartoon here oh my god see these are the
things I don't want to know what's
Ernests last name Ernest P world
Ernest P Worrell rule 34 this is what's
gonna break the rule this is it right
here
there is no Ernest P Worrell 34 no there
might be rule 34 Ernest P Worrell ah
know what you find
it's you know what it's not as bad as
you would think okay it's not as bad as
you would think but it exists
okay it looks like it's more done as a
joke thing but that's fine but you know
what that rule 34 sure does exist uh
hold on I need to clear my cookies take
a Harley hostage Oh
it's a SAP of God there's awful things
now on my own oh there we go okay now I
went down speaking of earnest I went
down a like a Google rabbit hole
recently because I watched every watched
killer Klowns from outer space ever seen
that movie okay yeah yeah it's great
um but I rewatched it I hadn't seen it
for ever with um with a Bobcat
Goldthwait no no your that's Shakespeare
cloud no killer co-starred our space
totally different okay I'm with like be
moved like 50s b-movie homage with these
killer clowns okay but it was directed
by the Chiodo brothers who also did the
visual effects that's more what they're
known for like they created the critters
and critters okay um and so I was
looking up information on that movie and
I clicked on the Chiodo brothers and I
went down all these things and I
discovered uh you know the famous
internet troll face you know the the
meme that's just like it yeah yeah the
face I just made the face good that the
the the the start of that came from
Ernest scared stupid because there's a
troll in that movie yes and that
remember that that troll was created by
the Chiodo brothers who also created the
killer clowns in killer clowns from
outer space and that face is not the
troll from Ernest scared stupid it's at
one point in the movie Ernest like makes
fun of the troll he calls it booger lips
or something and you know it says like
laugh is like what's this laughs how did
Ernest laugh he had like a specific
thing that I don't remember but you do
like the smug face so the troll face is
like a caricature of Ernest from Ernest
scared stupid really and that's or it
started from huh I had no idea that's I
read trust I'm sure people a decade
younger than us probably already know
that but I just discovered that and it
was interesting to me well there you go
all because I was looking up for
information on killer clowns remember
John you are free room miss Jack I think
I'm done with the story mode
oh okay oh hold on wait that we need a
time yeah okay so we started streaming
at 8:30 yeah it is now ten after ten is
the bad and then terrible not terrible
so so what is that hour and a little
over hour and a half some of this cost
individually right now cost $40 and it's
not worth $40 that's not worth $40 Oh
that balloon that's a reference to the
Tim Burton movie probably no it is the
balloon is that the exact one the face
is the same yeah let's see if we can get
on top of it I'm 90% sure Batgirl
no no no no no no bad girl say I know
now right right now not worth it but Oh
where's my crap appliance there go let's
go take a look at this balloon well oh
oh you fucker in there converting and
you're not and it's similar enough that
it's it's it's it's referencing worthy
yeah that that's totally one of the
balloons at the end of the Tim Burton
Batman when we hit let's get on top of
it
can you apparently not Oh abort oh god
grapple booze no grapple boost I want to
get on top of it now can I grapple up no
can I grapple on that thing where can I
grapple can I grapple Snapple
she doesn't even do a good diet no
grandpa boost oh I suppose you're in
like a tight a tight area speaking a
tight area
oh yeah dad of them as a dumb dude it's
not like this is a huge open world
no no um Jay is right about what I'm
sure there's more face probably oh great
I discovered that information on the
internet so I know it's true
Oh Jay Jay's right Jack it's the same
balloon okay that's alright yeah thought
so that's neat I know let Tim Burton
movie I think I know when I was 10 years
old I saw that more than any other movie
ever watched it over and over
sure sure let's see what else we got
with the UH it's not a great movie
in retrospect but I loved it as a kid
cowboy it has many flaws many many flaws
yes an equal number of flaws to the
Schumacher ones but it has a youngster
yeah yeah those are the worst those are
the worst things those humic are ones
those those are the worst but this what
I was they have an equal number of flaws
but the jefes the Burton ones have a
style that carries over the flaws it
carries you through the flaws but the
flaws are there the Schumacher movies
are like a living nightmare you know
they're its own thing other extras ooh I
got concept art and that Richard should
we try one of the one of the two Oh
months you what what we we have 78 AR
challenges now apparently there was you
want do you want
what are these days
these are not the combat challenges
these are different oh well there are
combat challenges there's four of them
there's four home rich let me try let me
try this one Batman and Nightwing got
them mates is that wing there's a
Nightwing comic right yeah was that like
Robin all grown up or something yeah
there's there's been multiple Robins
yeah the Robin you are familiar with
most likely is Nightwing that's
decreasing question yes he's all grown
up now and he protects a kind of a
suburb not a suburb he protects a
different area of Gotham called
Bludhaven okay this is suburb this dead
of summer it's like it's like it's like
um Kankakee what's the it's only at
Joliet Chicago
it's like River west to Milwaukee it's
like a neighborhood of Gotham I don't
know what I'm doing supposed to be doing
I'm just fighting dudes and hoping I
don't get hit I could I can only assume
you don't want to get in hello
great oh how do you throw people again
oh like that it tells you at the bottom
of the screen
oh no I want to pick up stuff how do you
pick up stuff again I like that okay I
did always use a bat I'm Batman
you'd get it I always use a bet
cuz I'm Batman and the robots to it
because apparently that's also Batman is
that Batman I gotta say that Batman
versus Superman like the full trailer
like I'm no face on the movie being good
but that trailer like made it look
slightly more interesting than the
teaser slightly I have no faith in the
movie oh yeah I've it looked at right
I still don't give a shit yeah I just
hated the the the Mark Kent speech where
he's like help him or don't help him
whatever that was that was literally all
of it it was similar to the there's that
part in the Man of Steel movie were
coming Costner's like isn't he like
should I have helped those people he's
like maybe not it's like the same thing
like this moral ambiguity where they
can't decide on what they want to do
with the characters so just help over
not whatever you know maybe you should
or maybe you shouldn't I don't know like
that's that's kind of the fun part of
the like original Superman movie is like
jor-el is like you need to be the
bastion of hope for the Earthlings you
need to be the good show them how good
they can be
it's like oh that's where he gets his
moral grounding up I need a Kevin
Costner like maybe we should just let
him die oh maybe not yeah baby I don't
know I can't just be like I don't
fucking care
why don't you do whatever the fuck you
want have you noticed that you're
fucking Superman
I got a pioneer fuck you Kevin Costner's
dead surprise I'm told so many different
ways and version I was kind of liked was
where he got his moral grounding from
mine podcast right yeah that's a nice
way to do it yeah that's that's what
they did on Smallville he he could to
have been a horrible alien dictator
yeah able to throw his weight around but
he was raised by good a decent farm
forward yeah and they
a they taught him right that was the
Smallville twist yes that he was he was
sent to earth kind of as a to rule over
it but Mon pock hence the Duke that's
that one juice boys small if that
Smallville they're ripping that off from
Man of Steel the the 80s reboot that
post-crisis oh yeah and that could be
but that's not you know I watch small
melon that's what they did and it was
that was a fun way to do it that one of
the Duke boys was his dad I forget his
name
well the Duke boys the Dukes of Hazzard
Oh on Smallville Oh his dad on
Smallville that was it
that was the challenge yeah oh they
don't really have a challenge mode and
those Oh apparently I click to retry I
didn't want to do that yep I oh I
thought it would be like a series of
challenges all I know they don't do that
like it would be like fun I guess as
expected that to be fun uh they saw the
fun later oh oh they do
oh that's great fun comes separately
$5.99 a pop well $40 I paid $40 season
pass okay what a fucking ripoff no it's
gonna be hysterical
if after all some done and they start
released these things individually yeah
you can get it all for less than forty
that would be hysterical so no now after
playing the Barbara Gordon story
we got Barbara Gordon and I think we got
some some new outfits how much how much
are they going to sell that for they're
gonna sell that for not how much they
should how much are they going that's
what I'm playing this my head they're
gonna sell that for twelve you think
$12.99 $12.99 $12.99 don't look at me I
have no idea how we're talking I thought
you're just gonna throw it a random
number oh seven seven okay or seven no
sevens sevens a costume I mean I mean
we're not 12 there you go 7s Batman gets
five new shirts Ryan
you know what Jesse Eisenberg as Lex
Luthor is weird yeah yeah his hair looks
stupid his hair nothing is supposed to
be an intentional wig because he's bald
or whatever but it looks dumb
it looks van I mean I like Jesse
Eisenberg like I'm in a social network
but he doesn't look right for Lex Luthor
no class if this isn't Lex Luthor
anymore this isn't your daddy's Lex
Luthor this is some dumb shit now
however it's supposed to be dumb you
know when it comes to every single DC
character just look to the animated
series if you want a fun version of that
character right either Superman the
animated series of Batman is depending
on has no place in the DC Cinematic
Universe though rich fun is completely
absent but Superman the animated series
had a great time Lex Luthor great let's
look great Lex Luthor yeah yeah you know
it's I the thing I like about the new
trailer I mean it's gonna be awful the
movies gonna be awful let's just get
that out of it
the same people are making it yeah it's
gonna be awful yep the thing I did like
about it is that it does address the big
problem of Man of Steel which is he
spends all the movie destroying
everything right and so then this movie
is about the repercussions of him
destroying everything although I have a
feeling that there will be no
repercussions for him and destroying
everything
no beside be a setup for Batman and
Superman punching each other in the face
you have 90 minutes you know which is
which is fine I guess God or whatever or
whatever it's gonna suck so much it's
playing me playing devil's advocate
really so much money
most of the destruction is Zod's fault
is it though he's the one that I
remember Superman just like throwing him
into building ah yes well let's see
analyst Lee the he completely leveled
Smallville 30 all right in Metropolis
like 30 buildings good leveled yeah
Superman only demolished like 400 that's
all yeah he only killed a
you a hundred civilians and then he
kisses LOI Lois Lane while their ashes
are raining well yeah well the ashes of
dead bodies I mean that was just the
most horrifying thing I ever seen yeah
it's awful
oh they're saying that the the lexo
three talked about his play by Clancy
Brown Oh classy Browns great Clancy
Brown was the Kurgan and Highlander
which is the movie I don't like but he's
in it oh um but he's done tons of stuff
he's on Carnival which Lux on Thursday
he does the the voice the voice the
animator okay oh yeah he does the voice
of he's great in Pet Sematary - starring
Edward Furlong um he has a great voice
Clancy Brown is often the best part of
bad things okay
he's the Cameron Mitchell of his
generation yes great
no Clinton Browns great okay he has a
great voice he's a great Lex Luthor boy
he's yeah he's a very uh like deep
intimidating voice he's he has the
definitive Lex Luthor I didn't know he
did animated work that's great in which
all other Lex Luthor voices are judged
against and so Jesse Eisenberg compared
to Clancy Brown doesn't quite match up
uh so it's like I I like what they're
going what they're going for which is
like you destroyed everything now I need
to be held accountable yeah
but knowing Zack Snyder and knowing the
production team behind it the writers
what's going to happen is is nothing
yeah there's no repercussions for that
it's just a setup for more poor punching
more destruction and they'll be more
punching and more destruction and no
resolution no character building it's
it's told right there in the trailer ma
Kent going you don't owe him anything do
something or whatever there's no
character there yeah unless like the US
government and the court systems do
decree it's Superman's fault but they
just can't do anything about it cuz how
do you how do you capture Superman yeah
if it was my Superman he would willingly
go to jail this is true but this is
because the man man is
this is monster murder man yeah well
that's the thing is like it looks like
with the new one they're following up on
that in a way that makes sense in the
end the the sense that's like this guy
is like a horrible monster that can kill
us all in an instant right
that's scary it looks like they're
following through on that in this one
but that's not what I want
in Superman if you make it ugh like a
generic superhero that's that's an
interesting concept if you tell it from
the human's point of view yeah no
nothing where they would throw this guy
in jail but they just don't know how do
they a can't
so Hancock I haven't seen it is like a
combat place before laughs so doesn't
that Hancock no no it's serious yeah
yeah it's it's basically that where he's
a superhero but he's an alcoholic the
promise there are no relatable humans in
Man of Steel there are no new characters
to get a shit about oh well now we get a
relatable human we get a billionaire
who's socially awkward and drives the
tank
it just looks grumpy all the time we
have a grumpy human yeah so are there
more tanks does the Batmobile gonna be a
tank from now on yeah
it's a tank Oh God cuz he has to fix it
he also has an Iron Man suit we need to
figure out something to play I don't
really need to because we can just keep
talking about Superman good
we just need something in the background
basic people just like our podcast okay
I have something to do in the background
then hold on I'll do something in the
background oh okay I will just talk
about I think I need to download it
though so give me a moment oh my god oh
I can't tell oh well can i I don't know
you know I don't ever you want ma'am
thanks Ma Kent

[Part III]
what's happening I'm trying to connect
to the network there it is
if I connect to the network
I can download something really quick
and we can have mindless stuff playing
in the background while we chat about
nonsense okay
rich is not gonna play checkers
shadow of Mordor is fairly mindless I
could I could I could play one of your
other save slots if you want yeah you
want to do that yeah the Rings game yeah
it's a Lord of the Rings game with it so
get excited
it's a Lord of the Rings game with the
exact same combat as the Batman games
okay which is why we got interested in
it because we really like the combat
I'll just put that on and goof around
where does it take place in the timeline
of the Lord of the Rings films I think
during the Lord of the Rings films or
right early on video right before the
first Lord of the Rings start before the
first Lord after the Great War it's
after the Hobbit okay post time a very
Sheree Lauren three lures rings yes
if how it covers the fall you know like
the area that um Sauron the AI is in it
covers the fall of yeah I'll do it
Donald I had to sit down for two and a
half hours which in in bizarro world
which is my life now that that is
extremely exhausting and yeah in a
general sense but sitting down is the
most painful thing I can do as that as
painful as it was a week ago two weeks
ago but okay there you go
and
yeah okay great oh yeah you fight the
all rooks in this game not the or NASA
or acai or the or acai which apparently
are a different thing
wait we're gonna work hi there are orcs
or rooks and Arouca okay Jay are you
like a total Lord of the Rings not now
only when it comes to the movies I don't
know anything about like I don't care
about the bullshit how could you get
into something like Lord of the Rings
and have no interest in like a Star Trek
if I don't have interests in Star Trek
I've just never taken the time to get
too into it I mean if you're into Lord
of the Rings you're already hip deep and
nerve demur I know and you may as well
go no I want I keep saying that I need
to watch Star Trek the series the way
you said star that star Transtar Trek
what it's called yeah no I I it's always
like because you would Michael talk
about storylines and stuff run like that
actually sounds interesting
but I just haven't taken the time to do
it mm-hmm I would like to I'm interested
I just haven't done it yet now Lord of
the Rings I got into originally just
because of Peter Jackson because I was a
fan of his early splatter movies and
it's like wait this guy's making him a
gigantic epic fantasy thing that's
intriguing yeah so it was less about
like the fantasy element or you know any
of the nerd stuff and it was more about
the filmmaker
mmm and then I just found myself really
liking that world in those movies yeah
the the the Lord of the Rings trilogy
czar three good movies the books I read
them ages aney I try I couldn't do it
there ty I couldn't do it
they're tough and they're boring Lisa's
really into that was like a like a
life's too short moment for me I was
like no the only reason I know that the
aurochs and the older guy are different
is guys playing this on Sunday yeah and
Lisa overheard me talk about
in the background and I was like wait a
rooks and over kya are they different
she's like yeah they're different she's
a big nerd and so it's like what yeah
she's like arou Kaiser front elevation
Oh rooks have human is a whole thing
yeah I know she's it's getting hot in
here with Karen lately it's been all
Pluto Pluto Pluto Pluto and I love that
oh yeah I also love this Pluto business
scheme get high-res images oh you're
talking about the Disney character no
it's like he's a dog but like soz goofy
you know but like goofy could talk but
Pluto seems pretty smart and ones on two
legs and ones on for ya girl is goofy
what stand by me what I hate you yes
rich hates that's the whole conversation
and stand by me is it yeah the whole
discussion about that well you're not
have you not seen stand by me
no it's a great moment ages it's been
the hand abated subconscious stunt yeah
that I did the discussing why Pluto no
I'm sure it around there from that or I
mean that's just a general thing I think
that people joke about I suppose yeah
what'd you do nothing so we see the
high-res images of food oh yes they look
it's great sounds great
apparently it has a it has something
scientists were surprised by is it has a
dark pole I don't know why that's
exciting but they were they we loved it
if it's something that we didn't know
before
then it's exciting it's got those weird
spots on its back yeah
I think it might be I I heard one theory
and some got a title thing char on like
Oh gravity it's doing something to those
per axle its it's very you know how long
has this probe been on its mission like
15 years that 10 10 years roughly it's
somewhere around there yeah that's
exciting I think it's exciting whenever
we discover something new about our
world mm-hmm not our world isn't early
just like that yeah yeah like that
that's always great to me it's like
we're still learning it's just weird
pictures from Pluto and Pluto is really
far away huh it's amazing that we're
seeing it at all yeah this is what I'm
saying like imagine firing an arrow and
having it hit its target 10 years from
that's sure
hiring an arrow and haven't hit a target
on the moon right they they fired an
arrow into space and it hit its target
10 years you know 10 years from the time
they fired that's amazing yeah that kind
of calculation nine and a half they're
saying nine and a half years apparent
apparently there's a place on Pluto
named Mordor
Jack I'm changing your revert options
again I'm sorry please no invert truth
be told I might never pick up this game
again yes I am terribly bored if you
want to pick up my save file go ahead
that's its who are you - who's your
character this this guy the fallen guy
guy late
yeah generic man generic man
you play as generic man and you you die
and get taken over by it you know the
raids take do the ring wraiths oh yeah -
I know the race you get taken over by
wraiths and you can use race type powers
which is basically bat vision in the
Batman games Wow and there's kind of a
story but most of the time you find at
you you fight orcs
and that's all I've been doing for the
past five hours in the game is fighting
random orcs and kind of what is
happening now rag doll not any right to
help you find a lot of works you find a
lot of orcs and there is a neat orc
fighting system where if if say like
some random orc kills you that orc gets
promoted in the orc ranks
okay he becomes like a captain and then
you can take out captain orcs to gain
more it's a whole thing okay and it's
it's very boring alright it gets old
quick
it gets old in five hours because that's
how long I've been playing it and I
don't want to play it okay it's a rare
so what you're saying is it's the story
that stretched out much longer than it
should be and beans more story which is
completely unlike those Hobbit movies
those are so streamlined and
straightforward and the storytelling in
other words it's perfect for Lord of the
Rings yes this is Jack example that's
the name of this lead character no it's
it's just - its I hate to say this cuz I
I don't usually care for story in games
yeah it needs more story oh really
it needs something to string along okay
that's the joy of the Batman games is he
got this Batman story that's kind of
stringing you along and you can faff
about of course what sir I do like the
stealth tutorial section though mm-hmm
you have to kiss your wife instead of
you like stabbing someone in the back no
sneak abide your wife and give her a
kiss oh that's sweet yeah
she's dead man yeah your family's dead
so killer but your works and something
will happen yeah I was paying attention
to the story I met you we meet uh what's
his fucking name circus the circus
maximus Andy Serkis
golem golems in the game you meet golem
and he tells you how to do something
it's crazy and then you fight orcs lots
you meet dollar he meets needle golem
okay this is this is all golem no he's
looking for his preciouses okay let's go
yeah hell of a thing that golem
I remember seen the second movie and me
and like man that guy looks great yeah
that was like the first time I was
really sold on a completely CG character
no cuz the big one before that was Jar
Jar which everybody everybody hated
Jogger huh but even warned that I just
didn't think that the CG was that
impressive as far as like believing Jar
Jar as a character yeah but gone I was
like I'm sold
like this is great Oh Jar Jar looks
horrible he looks a cartoon here's the
first big one were there look this is a
completely CG character and you're gonna
believe in as a character it's like nope
he sucks he moves and us animated like
like a Disney cartoon yeah yeah
Gollum no it's like you know I mean
there's a part of your brain that knows
it's a CG thing but at the same time
when you're watching the movie you
believe it as a character
hmm and that was the first time that I
remember that happening whereas I I
believe this Wow I wonder if it's aged
particularly well it's been a while
since I've seen the Lord of the Rings
it's been a while but I think it's still
like it's this is thing it's not even
about looking completely realistic it's
just about believing in the character
hmm and that's you know I mean the the
CG helps but it's also partially the
performance and share how invested you
are in the story like it's so many other
you know elements it's not just the the
CG but I think even the CG still holds
up pretty well in those movies as far as
that character hmm
that was your son he's dead now Wow yeah
come back to me
would Bryan Cranston make a good Lex
Luthor everyone says that just because
he was bald I'm sure he'd be fine
because he's a good actor he's
intimidating no no you know what I I
remember there were some rumors floating
around that um who wasn't Dwayne Johnson
was having meetings with WB not not
about Batman vs Superman but just in
general and this was before Jesse
Eisenberg was was confirmed and I
remember reading someone was writing
about like you know Lex Luthor has an
inferiority complex when it comes to
Superman yeah because you know he's a
brilliant businessman and generally
physically stood for them here Superman
who's just effortlessly better right he
was he was metropolis is darling before
Superman came along exactly which is why
he's a he's a fun villain and so they
were saying they were they were going
off of the rock right and being like
what if like he's just this super Jack
to do and he's also like a business end
man and smart and button and that's part
of it where it's like he works on his
body and he's really strong but he could
never be as strong as Superman it's like
no that'd be an interesting tape you
know I am gonna be more interesting yes
it would be interred on saying he's a
great actor there are spies
The Rock is the modern Schwarzenegger
yes looks like it's not even let he's a
great actor he's just charismatic and
people like him oh the rock is gonna be
black Adam that's cool black Adam is the
villain for Shazam okay he's a big
strong guy he's bigger okay he has she
has Superman powers but he's magic
instead of alien okay that's Shazam and
Black Adam that'd be cool if he's black
Adam so you know it would give these
characters something and we don't know
anything about Jesse Eisenberg's less
Lex Luthor but I know exact Snyder he'll
have no character he'll be mad for some
reason oh my god well the controller
just screamed in my ear it does that
what
oh they're saying he even looks like
cartoon likes the rock yeah kind of he's
too big
yep
Oh God I'm fuckin off yeah yeah the
shooting could use a little could use a
little adjustment I'm thinking about
getting him have you ever used stick
extenders joystick extenders that sounds
dirtier than it is I have not there
there's a thing for joystick controller
joysticks where it makes them taller and
so then you know takes more to move them
in any direction so it gives you
slightly pretty really slightly more
precise movement ah yeah I used to have
one for my 360 pad and it worked great
ah yeah that's interesting
I'm going to pick some up for for the
ps4 it's what I've been playing with I
just don't want to see how the steam
controller works out oh I'm so excited
for this new controller October we have
to wait until fucking October yeah it's
a new controller Jake okay and instead
of joysticks like on a normal controller
it has to touch pads okay so it'll give
you more mouse like movements very
interesting I'm sure I can't wait to get
my yes
JP versus world that is it JP version
oil is an actual quote from Batman vs
Superman v Lex Luthor and I'm mad for no
reason that's exactly what Jesse
Eisenberg's character is gonna be I'm
sure he has a very valid reason to be
upset I'm sure Superman leveled his
company l do that's why that's the first
way that's a good people oh they do show
that in the trailer it's Wayne
Enterprises it'll be both yeah man
because you knocked over a building no I
think if I'm looking at the trailer
correctly Superman's seems to be like
afraid of Lex Luthor so I think Lex and
and there's those like Superman troopers
is this in the trailer yeah I remember
any of those you know the army man with
the S on there I don't only watch the
trailer once neck
most of it so there's the point in the
trailer where Superman is kneeling in
front of Lex Luthor and there and
there's the point of the trailer where
the the army men are taking an Eve to
Superman those army men have SS on their
shoulders okay my guess is Lex Luthor is
going to be evil for some reason and you
Superman as his like captain of his evil
armies
okay and he can control Superman with
kryptonite okay that's my assumption of
the trailer and that's why Batman is
going to think he's a bad guy
well don't they show like Batman's in
the city while it's being demolished
yeah first movie it sounds like oh this
guy is bad cuz he's destroying our city
right and then you hear you hear Alfred
be like you know maybe he's not that bad
you can't let the darkness into your
heart which is an actual probe from the
trailer and so maybe Batman's gonna have
to think about it for a little bit but
then Superman's gonna be joined Lex's
evil army yeah because of the Kryptonite
and then Batman's gonna oh you really
are evil then they're gonna punch each
other for an hour I can't decide if it's
awesome the Jeremy Irons as Alfred or if
it's depressing the personally cuz I
like Jeremy Irons
especially in the dungeons dragons movie
he's great he's great in that no she'd
be excited what you know why he's
getting a really good paycheck okay I
like that Jeremy Irons I loved him in
Dead Ringers the Karlyn that movie is
great it's good no it's good for him
he's gonna he's gonna have a toy of them
has there ever been an Alfred toy buddy
if it shit about like who's gonna what
little kid is gonna play with elf oh not
not kids nerd okay
was there ever a Michael Caine toy was
it did I ever insist it had a little
string can you pull the string I knew
you were gonna do that anyway how long
has it been since I've done my micro
Kingdom pressure
not long enough not long enough fella
beverage I refuse to believe there's
ever
and an alford toy probably not a toy
there's there's probably busts you know
like that K that I have a hard time
believing I can see there being like a
Batman the Animated Series Alfred
collectible type I guess I don't know
anything about the anime I could see
that ya know and Snyder said that
metropolis and Gotham by the way are
sister cities of course of course
much like San Francisco and Oakland
they're so close to each other
of course they're something that makes
the storytelling so much more convenient
so they just started right know so
that's my guess is Superman's gonna do
some evil things under threat of death
and he needs to figure some stuff out
you know so he's gonna do some bad
things Batman's gonna think he's bad
punch him get Wonder Woman in there to
punch him - oh that's right Wonder
Woman's in the movie - Wonder was in the
movie too and so Batman seems like
Wonder Woman - help me punch this guy
isn't fuck it just throw them all in
there we have to set up a Cinematic
Universe uh here it is we have to do it
quickly instead of taking her time and
doing it properly we have to do it in
one movie fuck having a plan yeah yep
and then they're gonna punch each other
for a while and then all of a sudden
Batman's gonna figure it out somehow
okay oh my god you're under control Lex
Luthor we should punch Lex Luthor let's
team up to punch things and then Lex
Luthor oh I don't want I don't want to
say giant robot suit but I want to say
giant robot
oh you think Lex Luthor alena giant
robot said yes that was in the comics oh
really yes yeah okay that is that's been
it's happening that's how he fights
that's the only way you can fight
service I'm sure yeah especially when
you're Jesse Eisenberg and you're like a
little skinny twirl yep yeah okay and
that's gonna be the movie all right
you're welcome
I just saved you all that money
well it was his name crimp I don't know
I like the idea of it I really need that
takedown remove them and I don't have it
oh sure yeah you don't have anything in
I'll make do you are much better at this
than I am
my diet mom yeah you know it's good
combat fun combat system I just wish I
could turn this controller speaker up
cause it's really distracting you can
well once you're done with the fight
yeah that would make Bludhaven hoboken
you're right John kilo what Haven is in
there somewhere night wings gonna show
up or not I mean we already know that um
death and the family is part of the
cinematic universe yep yep the second
Robin something you might have missed in
in the trailer for Batman vs Superman
his Batman is for learning Lee because
that's a word looking at a Robin suit
it's hanging up in the bathroom with
Joker writing Oh
in addition to everything else we're
introducing and killing Robin yep same
movie yep well he's been dead I don't
think they're Oso that's a backstory to
a movie that doesn't exist yes yes okay
he's dead character that we're being
reintroduced to yes that in the context
of this universe were seen for the first
time yes which is Batman and I think
that Snyder is going to hope that does
everyone knows what's going on so he's
not going to bother giving that
backstory or he's gonna tell it through
voiceover narration oh my god yeah oh my
god so so yes so I think I'm all savory
tonight we're talking about this the
other night where it's like Batman hat
gave up being Batman for a while and
this is getting Batman back into the
Batman game which would have much more
of an impact if we had a Batman movie
prior to this yes yeah oh my god that
that would almost make sense where we
could watch a Batman movie about him
giving up being Batman yeah well
you almost need multiple Batman movies
yeah shut up him becoming Batman uh-huh
which I mean I know we have had movies
like that in the past but in this
universe trick him becoming Batman him
getting a Robin Robin dying or leading
or whatever happens like you know when
that'd be great yeah set all that stuff
up and then and then you could have the
climax that and you have your own
Superman movie - right and Superman does
his own shit yeah and then you're you're
coming together is is Batman getting
back in the in the saddle - yeah they
take on Superman sure that that would be
a wonderful movie series of events
how about though instead of that we cram
and shove everything into one movie we
have one hit man - steela was our only
hit yeah let's just throw everything
into the sequel - Man of Steel yep
I'm surprised I'm not calling a Man of
Steel - right I'm actually surprised
that they're not doing that Man of Steel
- dawn of Justice yeah yeah dawn of
Justice Batman person it would be called
Man of Steel - Donald Justice Batman vs.
Superman
yes that I'm surprised that's not the
title ellipses Dada
oh and Wonder Woman's in this movie also
and that's the full tide and then in
parentheses some Aquaman - the other
thing is yeah I did see the desert suit
Batman looks lame as shit shit I'm sure
it's gonna be lame but I think it looked
interesting
it's only in like one shot right it's
only time yeah I remember seeing that
and being like oh that you know what
that said that stuck out to me nothing
in the trailer stuck out to me except
for that that was like okay that's
something you know one you got mean it'd
suck up to me is lame but it's together
what that what that looked like to me
was was someone cosplaying as Batman
someone someone being like if this is my
steampunk Batman I was gonna say it
reminds me of I remember growing up and
there was like the Ninja Turtle toys and
then there was like the variations well
uh here's exterminator Ninja Turtle
where he's wearing an exterminators
costume or whatever the fuck they do yes
it feels like that
here's samurai ninja turties yeah yeah
it's a ninja turtle but with a samurai
Hammond worth of the ghostbusters I'm
arriving Ghostbuster toys where it's
like I had a rate oi where you squeeze
his arm and his eyeballs pop down yeah
yeah yeah that's like here's here's the
character you know but he's slightly
different you know what that's that's
totally wrong because they ain't afraid
of no ghosts gun down that's true that's
true
oh my god rich you've just you've just
caught you've debunked the entire mid
80s toy industry they're a bunch of
frogs yeah that's why it was total
bullshit that's great yeah so I don't
know you know I think being a comic book
fan those kind of like and they do that
in the comic book world a lot where
they're just like these are the
characters you know but set in a
slightly different ocean time period for
three issues yeah yeah and those are fun
but what they're not is is canon okay
you know that's not part of a story
continuity that doesn't matter anymore
nothing matters anymore
nothing mattered
more did it make money okay
then it'll be canon when it ceases to
make money it's no longer canon are you
just interrogating everyone yes you can
do that yeah I thought you could only
interrogate the green guy the green
guy's give you the weaknesses the other
guys just tell you who's who oh I
shanked
do you need to know who's ooh something
we're talking about we're talking about
movies yeah we're talking about DC
movies yeah way too much
here's to balance it out I am I'm not
excited but I am looking forward to
going to see ant-man from Y and I I
generally try to avoid like especially
because we do half on the bag I try to
avoid like knowing too much about the
movie ahead of time but from the little
bit I've heard about the new moon about
ant-man it's a very small scale story
it's not yeah yeah but it's not the
world is is being threatened right it's
like a very simple small scale story
yeah and for that I'm very excited not
excited but I'm more interested in that
than oh we got to save the entire planet
yeah little thing like I'm not excited I
am predicting I'm gonna go see the movie
and have an enjoyable time yeah okay I
like Paul Rudd so there's that and it's
not we have to save the entire planet
right blue laser Adam McKay's did the
blue lasers Adam McKay punched up the
script right that's fun the guy who
directed it is most well known to me for
directing the first seasons of Upright
Citizens Brigade the TV show oh oh
that's right yeah yeah and then he
didn't bring it on with Kirsten Dunst
and then he did bring it up which is you
know fine and so you know he did some
other comedy movies right the guy Peyton
Reed is his name yeah he did some other
nothing of note well that's a good sign
yeah I'm just curious to see if there's
any like remnants of the Edgar Wright
version like still cuz I think he still
has some sort of story credit I think
some of the elements of it are still oh
I'm sure his it's not gonna have any any
style it's not gonna be a great movie no
but I like Paul Rudd I like Paul Reville
and you know I recently watched the
first Iron Man movie which is great
until Jeff Bridges shows up and says I
have a bigger Iron Man sued that's my
biggest problem that movie yes
the the end boss battle yeah of Iron Man
his weakest shit unless the thing is
about most of these comic book movies
like the ones that I like the best parts
about them are not the superhero parts
they're the character part it's like
Iron Man like old stuff irreverent huge
Robert Downey jr. is great yep the
spider-man movie is the Sam Raimi ones
but yeah the best clip so those are the
character parts would Peter Parker could
they get away with releasing a superhero
movie that doesn't end with a big fight
they couldn't it's just when it'll never
happen but that's that the the big fight
is supposed to be the reward for the
character stuff and even in the first
Iron Man movie you can't even call that
a fight I'm not sure they they fly they
with a rocket boot up to the atmosphere
that's it like that's fun
they punch each other for a little bit
it was fine it was it was fine yes it's
a fine little movie and so that's what
I'm looking forward to with ant-man yeah
a little smaller scale with people punch
in I rewatched because after the ash vs.
Evil Dead trailer I've been on the Sam
Raimi kick yeah sorry you watched
spider-man spider-man 2 spider-man 2
still one of the best comic book movies
ever
100 minutes and it's so simple like it's
very character-driven um the end battle
is just throw that guy into the water
like that's the end of the movie is is
make your make your device go into the
water it's not let's save the entire
planet from a blue laser like it's so
simple and it's so good it is because
it's all driven by Peter Parker as a
character it has nothing to do with the
heroics or the the superhero stuff well
but also in spider-man 2 the heroics and
the action inform the characters yes yes
you know we get the big action set
pieces like
stopping the l-train yeah but that's
great because like he has to take off
his mask and then everyone's like we
won't tell anyone spider-man and it's
great it's a big character moment yeah
wrapped in an action sequence because
what what makes it so good yeah that
spider-man 2 is so fucking great so
fucking great I remember seeing them the
theater and mean like there's the part
when he's trying to deliver it like it
starts with him the big opening action
scene is him having to deliver pizzas on
him and there's like like him going down
the street and a sauce cutter there's
like action music playing and it's so
fucking great yep
it's like this exciting action music but
it's just him trying to deliver pizzas
on time magic of Spider Man III let
spider-man 2 is something special like
even beyond like comic-book movies it's
just so great it has a movie it is and
there's so many weird like I was
thinking about it there's the part where
like when his his powers start to fail
him yeah and then there's that part when
like he goes down in the elevator you
know oh yeah and it's like this I was
thinking about it like cuz he's on the
elevator with that dude and he's like
you know the guys like nice Brenner man
cost you and all that and I was thinking
like how hard did Sam Raimi have to
fight the studio to keep the scene going
on as long as it does cuz it's one shot
it's just the shot of him and the other
guy in the elevator
Hal Rudnick now Rudnick yeah that's
right that guy how do I remember his
name and no one else's I don't know
because he's a guy he's he wasn't he
correspondent literally but that shot
with them in the elevator just goes on
so long and it's like I was thinking
like the Sam Raimi had to have fought to
keep this in the movie cuz it goes on so
long that's like awkward and weird and I
loved it
no and then like when your movie makes
one hundred million dollars in a weekend
you can probably get away with one ya
know I'm like the entire scene when his
cocks arms come alive oh the evil that
to see people that shoot it's the most
amazing thing but like the style yeah
but that sells it's like a horror movie
like I was watching it again it's why I
was picturing me like a little kid
watching that like it's genuinely
frightening and so weird and it's an
spider-man movie it's great
well then and you know beyond that
wonderful set pieces like the what am I
thinking of is that that one action beat
where he's having lunch with Mary Jane
oh yeah and all of a sudden the car gets
thrown through the window oh yeah it's
just that it's like an elongated
slow-motion shot it's beautiful even
though the lead-up to that where there
is hearing like the thud thud and every
time there's a thought there's like a
snap zoom karana yes it's pure Sam Raimi
oh it's so fucking good yeah and for the
first time in rewashing us because I
know everybody hates spider-man 3 which
I've said like I don't hate it as much
as everybody else but in rewatching
spider into like it's like The Empire
Strikes Back the end of that movie where
it's like mmm Harry Osborn you know he
has the conversation with his dad in the
mirror and I need breaks through the
mirror and then he finds the one of the
the bottoms called pumpkin he sees those
and it's like all that setup was like oh
a man like the payoff for this is gonna
be great
and then you get to the third movie and
it's like garbage but like so like I was
very forgiving of the third movie but in
rewatching spider into or is like
everything they're setting up is so
awesome and then you get a third movie
and it sucks so yeah yeah I'm still a
little forgiving this but around three
just because it has so many weird Sam
Raimi moments but everything that's set
up at the end of the second movie is not
paid off well certainly spider-man 3 is
still a better movie than either of the
amazing spider-man that's true that's
very true in every aspect if for nothing
else it has more personality it has
another great movie it has a more
cohesive narrative it has an easier to
understand character yeah it's all that
bullshit of like Rhett Connie
where it's like oh that guy that you've
got killed your uncle no it's another
guy like that shit sucks yeah and the
idea that Harry Osborn has amnesia for
most of the movie just so they could
right around the ending of the second
movie it really like I I I dislike the
third movie more now than I did when I
first saw me cut in rewashing the second
movie and realizing like like how
awesome the second movie is and how much
it sets up for a third movie yep yeah
like I'm remembering the now the the
Clocktower action sequence oh the third
one in the second one when Doc Ock is
like throwing the clock hands down its
oh yeah okay spider-man is like webbing
and whipping him back like as a as an
action movie fanboy you just just like
fuck this is the spider-man we've been
waiting for a great fucking movie yeah
and it is it's great man still holds up
this thing is like some of the effects
are kind of dated but sure it's still
good you know you just get that uh the
the end of the movie he's just got that
giant fucking rock on them and like Mary
Jane's trying to have her moment and
he's just like oh yeah this is really
heavy and that's the thing in a second
movie more so than you know the first
one is the third one like Tobey Maguire
was like that era Bruce Campbell yeah
where Sam Raimi where it's like I'm
gonna torture my actors the Sam Raimi
loves to do that and there's a lot of
stuff in that movie where it's like this
is the part when he's on campus where
it's like he drops his books and he you
know crouches down to get him in people
like smacking him in the face with their
book bags and then he goes to the party
and like he's trying to get in order ER
but the tray is empty just constantly
constantly shitting on your main
character where's Bruce which sam raimi
loves to do ah I love spider-man 2
spider-man 2 screaming yeah with Sam
Raimi friends with Bruce Campbell before
they filmed Evil Dead oh god yeah they
went to high school together okay they
make numerous short films together in
high school
I wasn't sure I think you haven't you
read if James could kill I probably
should know I haven't Oh should you
should you know anyone that's interested
in low-budget filmmaking should read if
Chin's could kill and the Evil Dead
companion both of those books like I
often still to this day like thinking
about like when it move because like
making movies is a giant pain in the ass
it's like the most miserable experience
but its face cop coming out soon it's
it's so it really is like when you're
doing it with no crew and like it's
tough but reading those books and
knowing like how hard it was to make the
Evil Dead like everything is like a
cakewalk in comparison like that movie
like the Evil Dead like if you
especially the Evil Dead companion where
you realize like we're supposed to shoot
for four weeks but it ended up being
like eight weeks and then all of our
actors had to leave cuz I had real life
so they had to get back to so we shot
the rest of the movie was with like
doubles like Sam Raimi's little brother
is is you know he's the hands and legs
in these shots all that stuff like that
was whenever I think about a movie being
like difficult to shoot like I think of
the Evil Dead and like like how much
easier it was to do what we're doing
than it was to make that movie it's
really fascinating like the making of
that movie is the most fascinating of
any movie ever mm-hmm Oh
don't mind that guy I guess that's where
I got my recipe for fake blood what is
pretty common now but when I learned it
the era it wasn't as big of a thing
Sheriff
yeah he's an entire thing about the
proper recipe for fake blood the KO
syrup kara syrup and food coloring oh
yeah a tiny bit of non-dairy creamer
really never I never used that but that
was what does that do she I don't
remember it's been a while since I've
read the book but that was a part of it
you want me to follow up on my tweet on
why I am bread is absolute balls the the
game I am bread is is part of the new
genre of games where the premise is
purposefully bad controls and that's
supposed to be the fun of the game like
Octodad if you remember okay there's
kind of weird to move around but you
know overall that was the challenge yeah
he's doing generally mundane things with
difficult controls and while Octodad one
had humor and personality oh yeah I
thought it was fun even though it was
frustrating yeah and and more
importantly it had fun yeah yes okay
sorry so that was the thing is it was
even now on even while failing at
Octodad you were enjoying what was
happening because of the character
because of what was going it was silly
right whereas I am bread you play a
piece of bread that can move okay and
it's very hard to control
like I slice it I play a slice of bread
okay and you're trying to get to a
toaster you're trying to toast yourself
okay it lacks any silliness any fun they
was just tough controls and so it was it
was a really unenjoyable
time is a very bad game it's the
weirdest thing that genre so
intentionally how many games are there
like that but he's calling a genre yeah
it is an emerging genre huh I can think
of two I'm sure there's more okay I
don't know I want more than two before I
call something a genre thing but I like
s co-op oh there we go claw Wow
done the most frustrating game ever done
yes Oxford that fun out of 10 yeah
that's just the thing like octor that is
cute bread is dull that's this is all
the thing is it had no character to it
and the character is what gets you
through the rough patches
do you not have the fire exploding thing
I did it just won't explode all right
fine no surgeon simulator that's a good
one
surgeon simulator is a game where you
have very convoluted control to control
hands but you have to perform heart
surgery oh my god that was fun and it's
funny at least and and so that's that's
another intentionally bad control game
goat simulator isn't doesn't have bad
controls that's just that's a insane
sandbox that's a different kind of thing
that's just goofy that's just goofy yeah
surgeon simulators is another fine
example let's say we got four that's a
genre all right all right
I'm down with that okay I'm glad we
could be on the same page and yeah the
idea of a surgeon simulator is like
you're a heart surgeon and you just took
acid premise that's great so you have to
press different buttons and then you can
like try to grab things but of course
you're just knocking so it's very that's
a fun we should do that that sounds like
fun
we should play that game that's a silly
time all right I guess I didn't get it I
thought I did I don't know all right you
want see gum yeah yeah we're going for
Gollum all right I'll be give me like 30
seconds I don't have that kind of time
you don't have that guy's I don't know
telegin I don't know what photoshop's
for fun on Twitch is but yes I would do
it I guess I enjoyed I enjoyed
photoshopping things so is it really fun
so is it just photoshopping I like while
screaming because I'll do that I will be
doing some After Effects effects on
switch trims just because I'm sure I
won't have time to do them otherwise
you'll get to see some exclusive behind
the scenes space care footage the most
boring footage ever guess what making a
movie is boring alright here we go
oh wait wait he doesn't show up for the
near the end of this vision
what reason give me another minute rich
you promised you promised rich so
talking a lot of them they're definitely
talking about this one of those ghosts
from the end of Return of the King yeah
it's a reef another race are different
those are like the grim reaper looking
yeah but remember when he went into ring
worlds yeah and they look like that
in the human were in the real world they
look like grim reapers but in the in the
ring world they look like that okay get
it together
dong dong Ali I don't think we are gonna
do wiki Wars again only because some
assholes I know started changing
Wikipedia pages for us huh no no they
weren't no while we were playing wiki
Wars they were they were updating
Wikipedia pages Oh vandalism
there were some Wikipedia vandalism
going on and as a big supporter of
Wikipedia I cannot condone okay or
contribute to the vandalization of
Wikipedia so so no we will not be doing
wiki Wars again even though I thought it
was a fun fun time I Oh Jim Jim's here
hi Jim
oh hi Jim oh hello I'm sorry I didn't
see you off but it was nice seeing you
why would people want to come to our
streams
that's a very good question very
yes Jim Mazz well hopefully all is well
with you as well it's Jim Jim Matt yeah
okay yeah Jim to make sense cuz he's a
math painter his last name is that a
family name it's a family name oh okay I
get it now what a weird family man
that's true Genghis Borgnine if not for
Wicky Wars you would not exist but
that's that is also true as you
shouldn't ginga's Borgnine you're in
about your Tuvix
you're an abomination domination who
deserves to live that's true I was I've
been I've been reading listening to a
lot of that cuz I need all the footage
we talked about that during the Arkham
night stream oh we talked about two
weeks yeah I remember which is why it's
fresh on my mind I don't remember
anything we said I don't know it's from
a start I don't know I don't know the
Star Trek's it's from the Voyageurs okay
two separate people in a teleporter
accident gotten melded into one person
Tuvok and Neelix okay to fix okay I get
it I get it
and in an interesting turn this is one
of the very few interesting episodes of
Voyager yeah hey a moral dilemma is had
to vixx is now its own unique identities
it's part of Tuvok part of Neelix but
Captain Janeway wants to try to separate
them back into their original people
okay but Tuvok says no you know if that
happens to vixx will die Oh chef and I'm
here now and I didn't ask to be here but
you have but I'm here but I'm here and
you can't kill me okay and so Janeway
needs to decide whether she's going to
try to get her friends back or let this
new life-form live okay and she just
says fuck I'm killing you and get
yeah but I spoiler alert well the
premise sounds interesting it is even if
the payoff though basically the VM so it
ends with Janeway murdering an innocent
man all right in order to go down yeah
I'm with it
and her Gestapo dragging him off while
he's pleading for his life it's honestly
a little that sounds great
I approve Picard wouldn't never live
there no Picard would let two Vic's live
which is why he's the best no I'm sure
there were some there are some good
episodes there are some other good
episode Oh No
let's go there's golems gum is this a
recent game oh yeah
zany circus doing the voice of Gollum
yeah okay did you check that oh I
thought you checked that I never checked
that oh it sounds like Andy Serkis how
about that I'll back out that's good no
great if it sounds like him it's fine
I'm going as IMDB right now
tella god no I have not seen the English
version of SOS because that would ruin
SOS yeah who cares party yeah part of
the fun of SOS is is that it was in was
it Japanese Chinese Asian the fact that
it was in Asian did you do - did you -
do - did you do he is not listed on IMDB
for this year for this game okay so
maybe not he's busy doing Planet of the
Apes movies and the Black Panther movies
he's a busy guy he's a dude I liked him
in that Ultron even though he was only
in it for four minutes
no any circus is a talented ji this is
the promised moment yeah it's coming Oh
are we finally at gum there he is oh
that's him that's totally
he's I mean it's not listed an item
that's let's go to the game I love I
love go home I love this character is
oh that's funny
do you remember ratbag later in the game
rich uh yeah the or occur you helped
become captain that's Phil Lamarr
oh really from that TV from Bad TV's
film art famous for MADtv and getting
this head blown off in Pulp Fiction okay
ready Liam O'Brien
this isn't oh really this is Liam
O'Brien you know that's the voice of
Gollum and doing a very good any sense
this is fresh very good yeah Wow
interesting that's that's what according
to IMDB I looked up the game on IMDB
okay Phil Lamarr is also on the train
inspiring too I don't think he has a
line of dialogue it's possible that he
had dialogue that got cut he's there
he's just in the background but he's
there there you go tell Lamar also
Baxter Stockman in the Ninja Turtles new
cartoon oh really
also on the train and spider-man 2 is
Danny Hicks who's the hillbilly and evil
that too cuz Sam Raimi yes his loyal to
his friends and old actors
even picture the hillbilly an evil dude
he's great Bobby Jo Bobby Jo there's not
very many characters Niva led to so you
can't really even forget about it thank
you I know I know no one but ash I'm
sure he's in it
I know easy well I won I believe you
even if it wasn't listed in any internet
there's like five characters in evil ed
- he's one of them but he's also in oh
no no no movies by right - yeah possibly
I regard you might be an army of
Darkness but he's definitely inspired
ran - okay well there you go I should
check out Liam O'Brien's credits for
voice work extensive to say the least
I'm on a doom doom anyone that does
voice work like they have hundreds of
credits right anyone that does that for
a living I just want to see like what
he's done that where he's like a peeing
circus and maybe that's his job this
sound like somebody with you
oh he's he's an Arkham Knight okay as
man Batson alright he's in Lego Jurassic
world oh yeah he isn't just fucking
everything sheriff oh I do boys work
there they are in everything oh he's got
a he's got a Sony hard-on he's in the
order 1886 yes June which one was Finlay
rich no nor which character was Finlay
all those memorable characters no well
with all this who was Finlay was that
French guy or not French guy
I asked that was a chant
oh he's in Lego Batman that's great
oh my god he's everyone in Lego Batman
ooh
burly survived that one congratu oh
that's a big power - he was a he was a
big guy 18 power yeah this guy's been in
everything
Finley was the Oh what he was the French
guy who's that friendly the French GUI
the for the French guy so this is a guy
who does the voice of Gollum and this
also does the voice of the French guy in
the order 1886 oh yeah that guy you know
the French guy isn't it sad that it took
me that long to remember the French guy
he's the only other guy they're all
jerks
not running away running I want to fuck
around with these guys anyway right
which I don't want to be in this area in
general yes
yeah where do you want to go we're going
there okay Oh
nice jab donor oh good yeah and yes I
did remember to switch on the program to
remind people or to remind me of who's
subscribed so yeah I suppose I could
take a moment and thank the people who
subscribe Rich's uh Richie's Richie so I
will take a moment so we have press B to
dick punch mister shy smile
uncool aid man Grand Moff coolie
top ramens baby slavers one five six I
thought that was gonna be top bottoms
vodka gimlets fleshy patch tab or ik
negation Nick Mason and G masoned L
Ronco on powerful raindrop twister fest
self by sector grec neck dungeon master
blaster and gay for J thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it
oh you know what I know what the fucks
are not the what the fucks are not gone
permanently I just don't have them
turned on right now streaming is a
little different right now with Rich's
back rich rich does not want to use his
back more than necessary and so he
doesn't want to bring in his computer so
I'm actually streaming through my laptop
so things are a little different things
are a little different right now and I
didn't have the what the fuck set up to
stream on here but I will get them back
don't worry we'll get them back I know
those are fun some people leave them
some people hate them I like them
oh that's a that's a good question I'll
wait til Jay gets back and ask that
question to both Jay and rich the butter
zone that's a good question let's see if
Jay comes back and we'll ask that
question did it did it it a sneaky
sneaky sneak sneak sneaky sneaky sneak
sneak until I'm making a fool out of
this guy yeah Oh is he weak to stealth
kills I have no idea but oh yeah yeah
you got half of his damage done
Oh Oh
nice rich perfect
nice fucking perfect I mean that's
beautiful Dean you've got an intruder
after he killed your boss who say that
Oh new boss
oh fuck I don't know doohickey doohickey
says why do some people get thanked
every month
I've been subscribed for months and I've
only been thanked once we we only thank
people that we see and some it's quite
possible that you subscribed once and it
renews when uh when we're not streaming
and so we don't see it but thank you do
Hickey we really do appreciate you
subscribing but you know perhaps you
just didn't do it while we were
streaming I apologize but we do thank
you we thank all of our subscribers new
old people who haven't subscribed yet
getting subscribers that aren't
subscribers that's good I haven't
subscribed yet okay so Jay here is a
question posed while you were going okay
and I thought you should be around here
to answer it with rich uh answer is yes
which was more miserable oh my god
filming gorillas interrupted or spacecab
rollator update you guys didn't see the
utter lack of hesitation gorillas in
trouble yeah
space cop was frustrating just because
it was so like stretched out but Girl
Interrupted was almost because of one
person it was a miserable experience you
know you don't need to do that you it's
Mike
okay well that's good to know yeah
making any movie is a frustrating
nightmare mm-hmm basically live your
dreams kids yeah
leave your friend cremated be prepared
to pay for it it's the experience of
making movie like the exciting part is
right before you start making it yeah
when you have the idea and you're like
we're gonna do this that's when it's
exciting and then the moment you start
shooting it's a miserable night
yes from the moment you start shooting
until you're done it's it's it's awful
every time you're free I killed everyone
you're free feel free to talk to that
guy with the fist mm-hmm can you talk to
that guy yeah you're free Oh dad now
you're really free run run forth slave
humans I split you know like filming a
movie is hard
probably because you have to make sure
that it's you know good you have to try
like every day that's the things it's
it's a lot of work yeah it's a lot of
work making movies especially when you
don't have a crew mm-hmm especially when
you want to die
could you imagine shooting stuff for
space cab now rich it would be on hiatus
yeah I remember back when and this was
but like like people don't really pay
much attention to feeding frenzy but
back when it came out there was you know
a couple like reviews of it like it's on
DVD here's our review okay and there was
one person that was like I'm an aspiring
filmmaker I I want to make movies I
watched the RN listen to the commentary
track for feeding frenzy and it made me
never want to make a movie
I was like that's not our intention but
that's probably the appropriate response
Italy is like even something as simple
as feeding frenzy like if you watch it
like it seems simple and it's very
low-tech very low-budget but like let's
make a movie and have fun no yeah no
it's never fun it's no it's always like
oh we got to do this we got to do that
we got to do this it's it's it's just
nothing but a series of like nightmare
scenarios that's that's kind of the
thing about this industry is it is it
has its own gate and the gate is how
hard it is yeah
which is why so few people do it yeah
it's why so few people get past a
certain point it takes a certain kind of
insanity to keep going yes some people
call persistence
work ethic no no it's pure an utter
insanity yeah I do like how the slaves
also beat up the hora yeah that's
oh that's true yeah for anyone who
doesn't know a game we're playing we're
playing Middle Earth shadow of Mordor I
did update the stream I think and it's
basically Batman in middle-earth but
it's basically just the combat and so I
was just gonna say instead of a story
you just murder orcs and every time you
murdering or more orcs come now and so
then you murder those orcs so many fucks
and then there's a lot of words which I
guess is it's true like in the movie
there's a lot of words there is so
there's a lot of orc murder and then
every once in a while you see Andy
Serkis and then there's more earth
mortar Dirk more pork more birth there's
Morgan will there be murder and murder
I'm good I'm going to see the circus
circus' after I murder and murder
the circus circus is where Andy Serkis
is performance in a circus I was gonna
say Circus Circus is in Vegas right yeah
Vegas Vegas it's in Vegas circus is
Omegas Vegas Vargas is the thing right
what's a Vargas I think is the thing
that you just made up no circus Vargas
Scott Farkas is a character in a
Christmas story yeah now you're spouting
gibberish Scott Farkas no guy Farkas
Scott Farkas is the villain in a
Christmas story he's the bully kid oh
that's right yeah Scott Farkas played by
Andy Serkis after he performed on the
circus
whilst we murder in Mordor we need the
bat glide what is happening is we're
losing our mind slowly surely that's
what always happens I'm not yeah just
Veronica lurks that's what's happening
that's there's not much more to it yeah
there this this game is not much it's
fun I'm killing captains you get points
for killing cab
then this to level up yeah and then they
leave behind rooms for your swords the
combat is really fun but you know that's
alright I I'm looking for a little bit
more ash it's very generous with the
Connery tag it's almost like an easier
Batman combat well you can in the in the
options you can turn notification you
know notifications off if you want it to
be a little more challenging oh you can
do it rich what locations are best to
peruse a career in the industry I can
only assume you're talking about the
video industry go to California that's
the only place those jobs go to Los
Angeles
that's the only place there are jobs in
the industry that's it if you're talking
about traditionally I guess oh I know
still today if you will want a job in
video production film you have to be in
Los Angeles yeah that's just the thing
jobs elsewhere are few and far between
you know you probably you might not get
a job making movies I have a friend who
moved out to LA recently got it finally
got a job in the industry and he is uh
he's working for a trailer house so you
know it's his job to help he's an
assistant editor in a trailer now so he
watches unreleased movies to find the
trailer images but Jody how to start the
director Kremlin's there you go he
edited trailers for Roger Corman if
that's what you're looking for if you
want to be a part of the quote-unquote
industry that's where you guys that's
what you gotta do if you just want to
make sure you can do that right now go
buy him just make things just make
things
notice how there is a big difference
between being in the industry and making
things yes because that is really really
true see orcs just keep fucking coming I
know it's kind of annoying
yes it's very annoying rich I like the
idea of clearing an area in any games I
just want to pick up that room drops
doom-doom Polk says after spending after
nights spent out in the deepest darkest
reaches of London you'd be surprised how
familiar most of the dialogue sounds in
this game mate you see the food bone I
don't think any orcs have talked about
football they will
how could anybody be get so excited over
something so boring
wrong noah's mike my friend is is not
the one responsible for making all the
trailers look and sound exactly the same
that would be his bosses and really
their bosses work for studios trailer
houses work for studios and studios want
their trailers to look exactly the same
yeah he was cutting what was that was
that awful movie not on i don't know
every movie no it was a recent movie
from a set in hawaii
bradley cooper oh the camera curl movie
yeah what was that called huh that just
came out I want to say San Andreas but
that's not right that's the rock movie
that's that's way wrong Jay what the
fuck was that movie called nobody saw it
it came and went
McCamey Wonderstone was in it emma is
she and she was Samoan Emma Samoan and
mr. Moen it just came out and nobody
remembers Aloha Aloha Aloha
remember that hit rachel mcadams was in
it and emma stone it up now like Baldwin
and Bradley Cooper and Bill Murray one
Krasinski and Danny McBride oh my god
these are all the people that are in
this movie that nobody is seen nobody
remembers a month after it came out yep
yep I only know because I was just
looking at IMDB so he was helping cut
trailers for that yeah and part of his
job is watching these movies that
haven't been released yet or parts of
the movies that haven't been released as
sure and he was telling these stories
that they would get edits weeks apart
and then be entirely different movies oh
sure like they had no idea what that
movie was right before release date yeah
and I think that's beautiful
well that seems appropriate for Cameron
Crowe like I don't know what the fuck's
going on with
oh that's a very important question the
space cops character arc involved
learning not to just put ketchup on his
on time oh that's you know what I never
realized ketchup on a hot dog was so
controversial really came out like there
are people that it oh my god that came
out of the controller that came out of
oh okay
yeah no I never realized that ketchup on
a hot dog was so controversial but this
trailer is proven that most people are
very angry about the idea of ketchup you
know I don't like it
yeah you like it more than ketchup or
more than uh mustard hey that's why
there's ketchup on the hotdogs in the
trailer is because the other option is
mustard in ritual not even one yeah
there's there's shit on hotdogs
do you know peppers I know but then but
then it doesn't look like a hot dog
exactly you mean it to be visually
recognizable as a hot dog
I understand these things whenever if
you put onions or our peppers or what
like you need the the you know any
simplicity of a hot dog with some sort
of condiment you wind it on the oven you
need a bunch of condiments and then the
nubbins sticking out that's pretty
common oh let me need a bun with a hot
dog in one thing visually that's what
you need it looks good but yeah I just
ketchup on a hot apparently everybody's
upset about the the ketchup on a hot dog
you know what you're just gonna have to
live with it
yeah nope that that particular hot dog
that some of the thumbnail isn't even in
the fucking movie it doesn't matter
that's a that's a the original opening
of the movie in which we have since
changed so it's not even in the movie
there you go down about the ketchup I'm
gonna take that shot digitally remove
the ketchup and and add some extra
condiments okay you do that a motion
track urea renders the scene isn't in
the
anymore some onions I had no idea that
ketchup was such a comfortable playing I
didn't mean very very upset about if I
catch up on the hotdog yeah yeah you
know we all have our things I know it's
like a Chicago thing like you don't put
ketchup on all these oh maybe they're
all very adamant about it you have a
very strong Chicago in fan base hey you
know that makes sense shit-shit Kogan's
yeah it makes us rich yeah so kind of
going you chicken shit comedians
what a what a sliders remake work the
television shows sliders oh god what was
where did they slide to mind trap no
it's other dimensions other dimension of
realities alternate timelines oh it was
based at the show was what is yeah it'll
probably look like today cuz whatever
cares I was gonna say I don't think it
would because I think in general people
are getting a more refined taste for
television I would like to hope they
could do some interesting historical
what-ifs with it but then the show
stopped doing that and started doing
just weirdo like the world where magic
exists yep I barely remember sliders I
think was carried on sliders
I mean look her up that's not a name no
it is she wasn't a ton of B movies
Carrie were war Carrie were wait that's
her name okay I'm gonna look it up was
she on that show she was Carrie world
wasn't my show oh yeah she was oh she
was an anaconda she's in sharknado 2 all
right now you gotta see chef manitou I
guess
nope so a sliders was a mid-90s
television show in which the characters
found a portal to another dimension
built as a machine it was a device that
open one but though there they couldn't
find their way back home and so they
were jumping from dimension to dimension
so every week it would be like what if
instead of men being in charge of the
country it was wind right what if
instead of cars we wrote on square
wheels Davies it was on that show he's
the one good part about the show John
rhys-davies sure what if penicillin
never existed everyone died that episode
that was an actual episode oh really
that's not a joke so it was kind of like
quantumly
yes very quantum leap yeah a little
quantum leap a little Twilight Zone a
little schluck sure and Carrie were
that's not good were was in Sony like
like cheap cable softcore movies and she
was in king of the ants directed by
Stuart Gordon which is a great movie
that nobody has ever seen ever even
though it's good king of the ants yeah
it's fair to my Stuart Gordon who did
reanimate her from beyond all these
great movies nobody's seen it it was
like one of the very you know the asylum
the company of the asylum mock Buster's
yeah I am a been their first movie yeah
before they were known for doing mock
Buster's um it's a good movie it's
really gritty and dark and good care she
did a ton of softcore movies that's
that's what everybody knows her from
Carrie war but she was on that show that
was like her attempt to break into the
mainstream oh okay oh that's a good one
Jimmy Jam five what if Hitler was a
slightly better painter Wow sliders it
was you know it was fine it was a fine
premise of the week's show I don't know
if it were it would work now just
because I don't know I don't know if
premise of the week is good enough
anymore hmm
no no it's about overarching stories you
know which is about a layout like a show
that like every week we learn a little
bit more about an overall story you know
we're getting we're getting kind of a
kind of a version of that the minute
from high castles the men in high
castles that still go that got picked up
that got picked up by Amazon that all I
haven't seen that it's if you have you
have Amazon Prime I do I haven't seen
the show though they only have the pilot
up and it's great it's it's basically
what if the Germans and Japanese won
World War two okay and it's it's
fantastic and they picked it up for a
full season but that's the whole thing
if that's a big what-if but it's an
overarching so sure sure that's what
sliders has become nowadays
all right let's go fuck him
what about Luke knack the friendly whoa
he's got a big posse what the damn girl
yeah I suppose you're right the butter
he's on doctor who has a story of the
week with an overarching story mixed in
yeah I mean Doctor Who sucks now but
when they did it right they did it right
how about this the the real safe answer
is if it's done well enough anything
organ that's sure but that's a boring
answer it's true it's true yes I do know
there's a book the men from high castles
and the show is based off of the book
okay fine
I don't care about no book except for I
got a book I did I'm and I'm so excited
to read it I know nothing about this
book okay all I know is the guy who
wrote wool a book I love oh yeah I'm
talking about Hugh Howey
tweeted out no write em nope oh did you
just kill the guy that gives you
information the guy who wrote the book
the book wool did a foreword and has
been tweeting about this new book called
abominations okay I know nothing about
it but based off of his recommendations
i pre-ordered it and it came like five
days ago and I've been so busy I haven't
even had a chance to crack it open and
it's so upsetting cuz it's standing
there I just want to read it happens I
just want to read it I understand
it's called abomination I don't know
nothing about it probably bad enough
nomination probably about a bon
abomination I hope it's not I hope
that's not what it's about it's just a
really pleasant story about a young
couple falling in love yeah oh I should
have Tara gated him
was that the captain yeah you could kill
the captain like that apparently yeah
well there you go first time I've ever
seen that well there you go
abomination known it's not called
Obamanation I'm sure there's a book
called abomination oh sure
this is abomination that's the most
obvious thing there has to be of course
right when will you see another board
game night it's I I have actually I
don't do your game nights by the way we
haven't been to now got to business is
gonna say it like I'm not on Facebook so
I have no idea what's going on no no we
haven't for a long time because we've
been too busy okay but we played an
amazing game recently okay called small
world and it's basically like risk but
faster okay and instead of you get one
army to control you get waves of
people's and like your peoples die off
and then you've replaced them with new
peoples with new abilities great small
small world smile wander a small one be
show about the little girl that's yeah
it's called small one and you have to
build little girls and it's not creepy
okay they're like cuz I have Hulu Plus
and I realized recently that they have
else oh did he show up I was like holy
fuck
Alif I loved alphas a tiny child I'm
gonna watch is a chinese-style as a
Chinese tiny child so I watched the
first episode I was like no like I'm
done is it really that bad it's elf is a
terrible show it's not funny it's awful
but what about Ronda his love interest
he loved her Ronda
that was his girlfriend's name back on
Melnick Melnick is the off-planet
do you talk about around the live-action
show I mean II did they're not a
live-action show there was a cartoon
cartoon there was a cartoon it was him
back on his alien planet that the
cartoon was always depressing cuz you
knew that all of these people
are going to die except for elf oh yeah
no I watched the first episode of the of
the sitcom and I was like nope
life's too short I'm not gonna keep
watching this yes that's the correct
answer life's too short
it was exciting for a moment cuz I loved
it as a kid yeah it's like oh yeah I'm
gonna read watch Alf nope I'm done I'm
done
oh he's behind the couch again cuz he's
a puppet now yeah I think that's why I
liked it as a kid was just because it
was a public but it sucks
no spoilers elf sucks I'm sorry but yeah
I do want to be more boardgames I have
one that I've been waiting to do for a
stream when it's just rich and I and
when his backs not hurting cuz you know
when you play a board game you kinda
have to sit for a long period of time
but yes more board games all the time I
love board games so much I'm a big fan
of board games I have a two-player game
called I forget because I forget things
have a two-player game that I want to do
live on stream because I've been playing
it and enjoying it with Lisa and I'd
love to do it upstream
hey it's Phil Lamarr who does this troll
yeah her work or whatever does a troll
or troll work ratbag okay
his name is Rhett his name is rat
Baggins phil lamarr yep he gets the side
blown off and full section oh that's
right I'm not in control I remember when
you did this yeah you know wait is that
phil lamarr or is it someone else
in fiction there might not be some
lamar's no it's a white guy isn't it no
no you know what I'm thinking about
super troopers there's a white guy in
the back of the car I don't know if it's
phil lamarr might be confusing him with
someone else
when you're looking up no I've never
watched tabletop I think I've heard of
it though
table table top is the Wil Wheaton's
YouTube show where he plays board games
I've never seen someone's gonna tell me
if I'm right it is it is Phil Lamarr is
full oh yeah okay I found it
it is Phil Lamarr no Marvin wasn't white
I in my head I was seeing anything in a
Frank Whaley the other guy in that scene
in the big of Hoonah burger scene I was
I was thinking about him and then that
made me flash to the guy in the back
seat of the current super troopers who's
really stoned well there's three guys in
the back of the contract and super
troopers is there yeah oh I thought
there was just the one now three dudes
there's one that's freaking out yeah
who's married to Christina Hendricks
Tina Hendricks yeah
I've seen which is insane because that
guy's like weird-looking Troy it gives
us all hope ladies like funny guys Jim
apparently that guys in Garden State
he's the best part of Garden State I
hate that movie but he's in a very funny
scene in that where he's working at the
hardware store
it's good oh yeah you know I like board
games so I like tabletops one of those
games one of those shows that I always
want to check out but I never do
I do enjoy um if you're into board games
you probably know shut up and sit down
which is a board game review show and
website and blog about 4k you say so
it's a new level of nerd it's it's a
good show that reviews different for
games and tabletop games that's that's
how I found k2 oh that was that was a
good play Monopoly I enjoy monopoly
there's nothing there's nothing wrong
with monopoly this is the point where I
stop playing the game yeah by the way me
too you got it like after after my
stream on Sunday I I picked it up a
couple more nights like four maybe I
maybe I got three more hours into the
game and it's just this it's this that
you've been watching this is all that
happens in the game okay you just wander
around and kill works and there might be
more like they're making more stories
but this is all I've experienced and it
has bored me to utter tears I understand
I get good combat though really good
combat
monopoly has broken up more families
than alcoholism ha that's true stuff you
know the problem with monopoly it's
boring
no I don't know no it is it's boring the
problem with monopoly is no one plays by
the actual rules of monopoly that's true
there you know everyone has house rules
and those house rules make the game last
8 hours longer yeah yeah if you play by
the rule set that the game comes with
it's a it's a nice easy game it's not
the greatest demon we're boring but
monopoly is fucking boring nothing wrong
with them no it's fine but it's boring
yeah sure there isn't much more story to
this game the devs were forced to rush
the end and cut about 30% of the content
oh well then fuck man
I've just you know I'm just also just
not terribly into the Lord of the Rings
world okay I am but this still looks
kind of boring
I love the orcs I love the way they talk
why can't we have some meat meats back
on the menu boys right there's so many
beheadings and there's a lot of
grotesque stuff in the Lord of the Rings
movies I do like your overactive blonde
yeah yeah yeah and that's solely because
it's easier to get around the reigns
board yeah we haven't Black Orchid gore
is fun why can't we have some meat it's
great
Oh apparently late late in the game they
introduce you to a new very neat
mechanic and you get to use it twice
near the end of the game
that's a shame
I'm whoever brought this to our
attention thank you because this is
exactly the Batman game in the middle
earth girl world shit nice and we were
talking about just wanting to play more
Batman game but in a different universe
so thank you to whoever brought this to
our attention
yeah Jay likes Lord of the Rings he's a
nerd Lord of the Rings he's the son of a
few things in the last 15 years that I
really loved and I didn't like Lord of
the Rings the first time I saw the the
first movie in the theater I think I saw
it rich with you and Mike yeah yeah and
when we left the theater and I was like
I don't get it I was like cuz it was so
dense like there's so much like
backstory and world building and I just
did not get it
and then I went to work the next day or
the day after and my boss at the
hardware store he was a huge like he
loved the books and he's like oh was
this cuz he hadn't seen the movies yet
he was like it was this part in it was
this in it was ass in it I was like yeah
that was in it and that was pretty cool
he's like was this in it it was like
yeah that was it too and I was kind of
neat he's just mentioned all these
individual elements and I was like and
the more we talked I was like that was
cool that was cool that's like oh maybe
not like this person I saw his second
cyber leader and I was like this is
great it was just the first time I
thought it was too much yeah it was like
too much to take in
yeah but it took a lord of the rings'
dork who love the books
6
Wayne to me why the movies were
worthwhile oh oh I like that part I like
this part okay they're good even though
you liked all the individual parts you
couldn't process them all together yeah
it was it was too much cuz it's like cuz
there is like I mean the movie starts
with the prologue and it's like like
this happens and this happens it was
like it was too much for my brain to
process oh sure I mean there's a
thousand years before the movie starts
exactly there's so much backstory and I
just I did not get it it was too much
for my tiny tiny brain to process but my
mom was so pissed at me after she saw
that movie because I told her you know
she's a normal movie goer yeah and she's
like what do you think about that
Fellowship of the Ring she never had in
the books or anything yeah she came out
she was so pissed at me I had assumed
she knew that it was part one of three
oh sure but she came in expecting a full
movie yeah and she hates cliffhangers
sure and she's just like I'm ain't
leavin they don't even finish the movie
they didn't get the ring back - there's
two more movies man just just the worst
I think I'm about done okay yeah you
know what it's midnight we can be done I
think it's been a nice run I want to end
it here okay
we can do that let's see if we have no
new subscribers um well thank you
everyone for coming out our first J
stream in a while
it's a J full stream the person a while
yeah yeah you've been you've been
avoiding us you've been in the future of
space for a while sure I might have
waiting anything I've just been busy
fucking busy trying to finish four
fucking movie uh stupid movies but thank
you all for coming out thank you to all
the new subscribers thank you to all the
old subscribers
hey subscribers since uh no
no no so I'd so you know I say new
subscribers but they're not yeah yeah
not really there but
