Jan 21, 2015
Dr. Mario, Spelunky
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3718117
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3718121
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4KczSwMZjQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w3cgNO2RHE

[Part I]
it's Wednesday a little bit we started a
little bit
we're on Mike could not make it this is
true but Mike was not the special guest
I alluded to here in the studio today I
have my fianc wah in the flesh
yes so this is Karen hi she says hello
hi everybody
Oh yep see if they yeah riches lady is
here Carrie yes Karen is real and she's
she's here to bring the mad doctor Mario
skills because I have none you you can
ask her all of the embarrassing stories
we don't have I am I am at her mercy
right now this is your shot okay they
said rich is a lady zuriff
your alter ego we were preparing dr.
Mario cuz I got a text at like 5:30 this
morning I was just waking up and I'm
sure rich was just falling asleep we
need to play dr. Mario tonight because
Mike's coming and I was like great and I
get here and I had all these NES games
no Mike but I mean we'll play it again
yeah 45 minutes for what's going on
no I can't make it so Oh Mike anything
like stock tomorrow there's such Tetris
pipe dream and various other
semi-clothed Yoshi's cookie all right so
go ahead start start you're in dog
role-playing playing dr. mark I think
the press the plus button we're playing
this on my wii you how do you started
this started at level 1 do it I know
this is like Mozart he walks out on
stage and he starts making fart noises
not so hot rich let her warm up I'm sure
it's been a long time since she's played
tomorrow
oh here's a good question Karen what is
your opinion on internet celebrity okay
I've turned all of us up a little bit
now I've turned this up even more so we
should be significantly louder than then
the game if not let us know what are we
playing we're playing doctor fucking
Mario come on if only the title of the
game was on screen right now oh is that
true that might be true but you got to
eliminate the viruses the viruses for
all colors is a blue virus something
right you got to make the virus part of
the line of form or yes
oh and before before we started dick
neutral that research crack right yeah
we saw the dick neutral subscribe
apparently yes
cinnamon just subscribed I cinnamon
thank you both
dick neutral and cinnamon first dick
neutral subscribed before the stream
started and so I was I was one thing a
minnow cinnamon but dick neutral thank
you for subscribing we very much and
cinnamon thank you for subscribing
oh my lord apparently smorgasbord
- thank you for subscribing
Thank You Elvis for pointing out I'm
it's a little strange our set up today
so I'm seeing the chat on my phone and
my fave for some reason it's not telling
me when we get a new subscriber no we
won't be hearing it either because well
no we won't be hearing it either so if
someone subscribes someone let us know
smorgasbord I said it and I did update
the stream updated Doctor Who Mario that
too thank you for subscribing thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
that's really funny is the funniest
thing rich has ever done in front
oh my god rich they're saying that take
trig let e play just uploaded an apology
video no he's trying to stretch it it's
not like our feelings were horribly
right oh here we go it's all good trick
what do you play right it's all good
right thank you for the URL Bentley no
is that a subscriber
did she the super just subscribe she the
super if you subscribed thank you
we very much appreciate it if you didn't
just subscribe please just regard this
thanks as you don't deserve it
oh those out there who did not subscribe
we aren't even hearing our voice to all
those who London take to all of those
who aren't even listening to us right
now thank you for not subscribing she
doesn't oh that was a ruse
oh she the super you got you you rascal
no I
I have not faced oh no yeah I faced mega
satan in binding of issac I got that far
before my save was lost thanks for
bringing that up
Durr killed the camp doctor killed again
doctor doctor killed the gun makes more
sense that makes way more said I already
comment on the next generation reunion
it was to Shatner heavy I mean I guess
he wanted to make sure there weren't any
awkward silences but you know we came
there for the next-gen reunion not the
William Shatner blowhard thing yeah it
was to shatter heavy and too short but
it was nice to see them all Patrick
Stewart oh my god press the one button
you Murray was having all the side
effects that they have on the
pharmaceutical commercials I can't
believe you started
warm operation sometimes you gotta warm
up okay who Jack snack tonight is water
I'm not snack
who Elvis Elvis - Elvis says he had a
huge run a 90 plus minute run of risk of
rain today oh oh and he was just about
to beat the last level of the game and
it froze and crashed on him I'm so sorry
Elvis I'm very very sorry
it happens sometimes unfortunately no
these aren't cartridges these are these
are wii u virtual console titles drink
harder Jack no I'm not drinking tonight
I got a drive home you get you get drunk
Jack when I'm already at home thank you
for smoking a huge blonde for me more
importantly does Karen leave the toilet
seat down
your brain cannot wrap itself around
this dr. Mario right it's so crazy you
get pills and then you have to line up
over the colors it's totally responsible
for the drug epidemic of the 1919 stru
so many pills
we're not gonna answer too many awkward
questions yes we are going to play more
adventure games
Chiz Oh drama this is apparently she's
Ultron's fourth month the subscribing
thank you she's so Tron we very much
appreciated
ooh
waffle tale thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it also thank you
to everyone telling me when people
subscribe I really appreciate that
well you see that's I think that's a
very interesting question cinnamon is
Karen does your family as your family
ever seen any of Rich's videos and what
do they think of it I don't think that
they would know what to make might find
the absurdity he's a Python fan he might
find the absurdity amusing my mother
would just be confused do we have to
watch this whole video pinko Jones thank
you for subscribe
I'm kind of going for a drunk Walter dam
rather dad rather it's do you think this
is like a journal dad around he did some
stuff for Annie it's a little Brian
Butterfield Brian and you can eat
bonbons crystallite powders now in when
we are not for anyone who doesn't know B
Fest is this weekend be fast is the most
amazing thing in the world it is be fast
24 hours straight of bad movies back to
back for 24 hours of nothing but bad
I made her watch the room once she and
it's over it's down at Northwestern
University I went last year and had an
absolute blast jegos often I think I
want to say my PFS story and rich I mean
you know Karen's here so I get it I'm
third wheel tonight and that's fine it's
all right I do I do believe josh is
going down to be Fest this year I can't
go unfortunately some work came up so I
cannot go down this year unfortunately
and I don't know who else is beautiful
what was there last year Megaforce was
there last year
is there anybody like comment if you're
like I must tk3 no one commenting but
it's you know it's live theater so it's
very midnight showing people yell stuff
at the screen they they show plan 9 from
outer space every year it's like Rocky
Horror Picture Show though abundant you
don't know what movie it is right it's
so great I was really upset that I
couldn't make it this year hopefully I
can make it next year it's a little bit
it's a little abysmal but that's kind of
what makes it joyful as well like you
know it's it's 4:00 in the morning and
you've been watching B movies for 12
straight hours and there's another 12
hours of the movies happening and and
you just kind of get lost in this in
this haze it's it's really beautiful
it may be in Milwaukee next January if
that would be amazing
here is a very important question Team
Edward or Team Jacob that was the
correct answer you know I don't know if
you can bring like liquor or beer into
BFS also you probably just don't want to
because the the you're trying to stay
awake brings in liquor or beer you want
to bring energy drinks was making the
whipping gesture and so she took her
hand off the controller
glad to see somebody it's very honest
emotion I appreciate
dr. kill the cat says he's been playing
FTL for over 50 hours and still he still
hasn't won yet even I won and you know
how terrible I am at games you know I
look up some strategies it got what
significantly easier once rich started
explaining the use of the teleporters
try try out different strategies yeah
yeah cuz whatever you're doing it's not
working yeah the real nutboy I've just
said your name thank you for subscribing
I don't know if you just subscribed or
if you are an old subscriber but in any
case I appreciate it
he just wanted me to say his name so I
did
they just like I said I think it's great
things right
is Karen impressed with your I haven't
seen too much of it yet but yeah ah so
they were debating on like what's the
weather more RAM or more processors yeah
and was the most most people rich on a
different if in the candle hard drive
I've never played net
it's apparently were you acting at right
Karen knows that was a weird stream I
felt I felt weird about like just
watching rich bill the PC may had
classical music playing in the
background it was embarrassed I'm
playing before millions of your fans
people are asking about James vlog I
subscribed after he started the vlog I
love it I love hearing J's you know
opinions on the world and and I think
it's it's really great for him to have
this outlet where you can he can just
kind of talk about whatever you know
like what's happening in the day I think
James vlog is great
no I don't think Jays gonna run tonight
either they must be working on something
super secret and special Oh or it's
another episode of one of the shows that
you already know it's been a while yeah
well not really a while they had uh we
did we had a late December gallant no
Jay doesn't have a belong he has a vlog
or a v-log I've heard it pronounced both
ways we're gonna call blogs blogs you
shouldn't call it a vlog of V long
that's just I agree a few looks like
that argument we have about whether it's
nests or nes well I mean right oh you
know what I'll say I'll say nes but I'll
call the Super Nintendo business
yeah I think you can I think it's tomato
tomahto
you write a horrible Gloria Jay does
feel like more he's more relatable now
that he's vlogging she's just a real
person shove the super I I would
appreciate it if you if you found me
attractive
I cannot promise I'll play nethack
listen we need games to play all the
time on the stream so listen you don't
need to subscribe you can just say I
want you to play nethack i don't know
what isn't we don't even know what it is
what system is it on is it a is it a
computer a derp game or is it one of
them consoles I would have to only
assume you to act the net
it's like a Greenpeace the whales it's
true Oh
nethack is a real quote unquote rogue oh
I did have more time to play swapper and
I it's definitely swapper was a bad
choice for streaming bata playing it by
myself
i-i've been playing a little more
swapper and I've been playing a little
more call of duty really yeah and you
know it's terrible call of duty research
rich I have been meticulously
researching our next episode do you know
what's a really boring topic willful
suspension of disbelief the the papers
that are out there on the willful
suspension of disbelief are incredibly
boring when people start talking about
the science behind our imagination it
gets really boring
I've gotten enough call of duty playtime
in or now I am okay never yes sure sure
I just you know I wanted to get a little
more just just for general reference
just for a general reference
Vala hecka this is Karin with us today
holy shit I'm waiting for somebody to
ask Jessie question oh and for those ask
me I was playing the new column due to
come to the advanced warfare and it was
terrible showing up late I'm sitting
next to my are we are we ridiculously
quiet I'm hearing that we are
ridiculously quiet tonight hold on
volumize I
I am now adjusting our volume all right
talk guys testing one two three
how about this Oh
but now the volume is up enough where
you guys might not want to yell okay
that would that would be bad doctor
vector that's not how you spell Jessie
yes oh yeah and someone did gift me
specop the line and I do I'm interested
in playing at it much better okay great
actor Jane great great audio is fine
before Oh God
well if it's still fine now then that's
all that really matters yeah yeah okay
start straining hmm where is Harrison
Ford about Indiana Jones with Star Wars
enough for Harrison Ford to be a star or
would he have just been the Han Solo guy
without Indiana Jones yeah 100% the Han
Solo guy cuz that's what everyone else
in that movie was 100% Karen I know you
probably don't care as much but what do
you think well he would have been the
Han Solo guy but that is enough I mean
there are a lot of hard core starch Star
Wars fans okay okay
hey you could you could easily but would
he be starring in a ton of other movies
is the question or would he just be
signing his autograph at conventions and
making his living as the Han Solo guy
and not as Harrison Ford megastar actor
no I think if he wasn't Indiana Jones he
would have been something else
yeah I think he would have gotten roles
okay cuz he struggled before Indiana
Jones
like was in some movies of failed
no no because right before or right
before Star Wars name me a Harrison Ford
movie between Star Wars and Indiana
Jones yeah yeah no but I mean you know
and then the rest is history like 35
years old I mean II was witness hell
yeah I'm gonna see Flagler the Amish kid
witness the service before Tulum and yes
witness is great Blade Runner 82
I'll go say okay I believe that I don't
know the correct answer how about that
in DJ would have been 81
Raiders was it's not like we could look
it up on Wikipedia or anything we
actually can you can only rub your belly
and scratch your nose in so many
analogies there we just need better
partitioning minds is that true was
Blade Runner a flop I think a lot of the
Caesars that's a critical head because
no looks so good yeah
but it was an actual flop I want to say
yes oh man that's terrible I don't know
let me say that was terrible
I mean it's terrible what was terrible
in good movies flop that is nothing
was it really yeah did it did it I get a
resurgence in the DVD market I'm pretty
sure I'll look it up but if I recall
Fight Club did not do well when it came
up huh it's kind of a Blade Runner was
ahead of its time so of course it was a
flop absolutely yeah absolutely
Oh aberrantly Bladerunner was a flop but
then it was re-released in the 90s
Colten sensation the book is awesome do
Androids Dream of Electric Sheep
Chris Newland thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
oh they're saying Fight Club did a
hundred million so I don't think that
was a problem eight hundred million
seriously no I made up that number under
level next yep sorry I was not expecting
super laughter apologize apologize to
everyone's ears it's another thing I
need to figure out is like I need a
limiter is what I need you broke
everyone's ears but that's okay I don't
know someone said something funny
so amnesia it's not worse is it is it
just just tell him it is we don't want
to upset Oh what's the bother my
speaking of fellow kbecque yeah he's the
author do Androids Dream of Electric
Sheep and he's also the author of Total
Recall which was called something crazy
no and recently it's Amazon Prime see
Amazon Prime pilot season mm-hmm where
Amazon Prime tries to shove out a whole
bunch of original content you get to
vote on which they produce ok and they
just produced a kjk dick adaptation what
it's called the men who live in castles
er ok so there's an Amazon original
series based on a philip k dick novel
thank you big leaves a man in the high
castle yeah I didn't check that it's
actually the the pilot was super amazing
if you have amazon prime because i see
the pilot now i do it's really good it's
it's basically it's what if the Nazis
and Japan had won World War 2 and taking
over America so it's like wacky
revisionist history like that inglorious
basterds except like the dystopian
version exactly and it's awesome I
really enjoyed it it's only the pilot so
it's only one episode but I really
enjoyed it
yes thank you Tyrone for for phoning
that and and produced by Ridley Scott
you Mike Simpson philip k dick honestly
I think they have Radiohead doing the
soundtrack cuz supposedly they're okay
computer Alvin was heavily influenced by
Phillip K Davis work
it's true
he was very nice read the novel okay I
will horrible Cory I've been looking for
a new book to read and it sounds like
this philip k dick guy he might have it
together I think he's a new
up-and-coming right yeah Jack Oh Jack
don't got cable I don't have cable I
only have I have the Amazon and I have
the Netflix no you don't need it you
don't need no then there's a sports game
that I can't watch but you don't miss
watching endless commercials for some
pharmaceuticals and lawsuits involving
promise nice take such-and-such it'll
change your life if you took
such-and-such you may be eligible to be
part of a lawsuit
speaking of sporting events how about
them Packers I hear they play the ball
of foot I also hear they're not in the
World Series and football this year they
didn't score as many runs as that other
team yeah see Jeff this is why I can't
talk about this nobody in this room
other than me gives a shit about
football I mean generally I don't give a
shit about football but I do hate the
Packers well they're nice so I know what
it was they kind of choked this you're
the Patriots and
somebody no it's somebody and also on
another usually it wasn't the Rams no
see yeah was it was the Seahawk Rams you
might understand check to see random a
great like a dolphin with a ramp with
ram's horns would be like an awesome the
the Seattle narwhals yeah I would
totally get their merchandise just
because it was a wacky you know like the
Lansing Lugnuts baseball team or
something what is that a real team
yeah they're their minor league allowed
the minor league teams like to go with
the really strange and silly names and
they're called the Lansing Lugnuts I
think that's great there's another team
that I think Montgomery or something the
biscuits the biscuits they're my
favorite team
see you don't care about football you
don't give a shit one or the other but
me yeah I take a lot of shit from Mike
and Jen and Jessie and everybody who
lives around here mmm who are Packers
fans somewhat casually the Bears sure
sure and so I took so much delight in
their misery
dude let's bring it all back factors to
schadenfreude oh okay and and just
watching the Packers fail as is
amazingly spectacularly as they failed
prior to hearing all that just because
I'm tired of hearing all that shit it
was it was a wonderful evening when I
went home that night and I started
watching the highlights
that's great I had a I had a slight
invested interest because of a couple of
videos that I'm making revolving the
Super Bowl and so they would have it
would have worked out better
business-wise if the Packers would have
warmed okay
and so like and I was driving back from
Minnesota that day and so I was like
everyone said I was check-in the score
on my phone and it got to the start of
the fourth quarter and the Packers were
winning like 16 to nothing it's like oh
great this is you know this is good for
business this is good for business and
then all of a sudden I get home and
they've lost the last time one minute
and as a how as a professional sports
team how do you do that it's like the
Cubs were they a few years back that the
Chicago Cubs everybody thought oh
they're finally gonna win the Super Bowl
they get the best record of the National
League and in all the you know the Cubs
fans were like oh you know they're gonna
win and
they got swept out of the playoffs
completely that's terrible
oh no that was a different year the
Bartman incident was like in 2003 or
something I don't know I don't think
there really cared space come oh I'm
glad that you're listening to Bjork
you should yarks wonderful I you know
I'm actually I haven't followed her most
recent stuff but I like to sell my songs
and in her early stuff she's she's just
weird and wacky and Icelandic and fun
apparently her at her new album even
though it's not supposed to come out for
a couple of months released on the UK's
iTunes like months ahead as time
unannounced and all sudden it's just
like there it is 30 or we can't get it
yet to try and sample it somewhere I'm
sure they have like you know somewhere
you can download the track they're doing
it I'm sure
Elvis Elvis is saying that the Seahawks
have scored 15 points in 44 seconds I
would think that you couldn't do that
touchdown or something you know
snatching defeat from the jaws of
victory yeah choke joke yeah
I'm sure their fans were heartbroken but
I'm not one of them so I walked into the
studio on Monday right if right after
the game on Monday yeah my just points
to maybe says don't you say don't you
say anything after giving me shit all
year says don't you say anything so so
you know what I did I said oh they'll
say then I'll talk about something else
you knows it's at a restaurant before I
came here today and you know I was
getting them like last quarter of my sin
I just started choking oh that's a good
thing knows that there's a doctor right
next to me somebody across the room
through a first-aid kit at him and for
some reason I just jumped up to try and
grab it in it it bounced off of my head
about something bad so if somebody said
yes well like Jose Canseco style one of
the player who wasn't supposed to go for
the ball foolishly trying to go for it
one of the packers players and it
bounced off his head oh my god I did see
he's never gonna live that down no he's
gonna be like this Jose Canseco right
the baseball player
oh yeah but that wasn't like playoff
game okay Jose Canseco one uptick Rabab
deeply out and instead of catching it it
bounced off his head because it bounced
off his head and bounced over the fence
it was a home run
it gets played at every blooper reel for
every we'll never live it though I was
really fine
uh all right couple to Guk's
I got with the gooks once no Karen
favorite Julia Roberts movie pretty
woman or runaway bride I've never seen
from runaway bride okay
so I guess so it has to be pretty woman
I remember liking it when it came out
the better question is how do you feel
about Julia Roberts
I think they expect you one like the
chick flicks do you think that she's
still America's Sweetheart or do you
think that she jumped the shark after
lovey Bray or do you care I think the
world has forgotten about her possibly
because she's no longer yelling I don't
know she used to be really popular and
really well-known and now you never
really hear about or not that I really
watch a whole lot of you know wife time
channel or something where they'd
probably talk about her but she used to
be used to not be able to you know leave
the house or turn on the TV without
hearing the words Julia Roberts hmm and
that's not really the case anymore for
whatever reason maybe she just gets
tired or maybe she just figures she's
got enough money that she doesn't have
to really work anymore she'll just you
know maybe she's adopting you know
pandas Angola is that something you can
do I'm sure I've got one I don't know
just pass for right now I'll try to
think okay that's fine that's fun no and
you know it doesn't have to be out the
of all time just the the favorite movie
you've seen recently your favorite movie
at the Todd's first thing that comes to
your head ParaNorman paragon was
adorable
I don't know was adorable um I liked a
lot of you know kids movies like monster
house you know the lego movie was really
cute like fight big Fight Club I love
Fight Club
I like big hero 6 mmm
still haven't seen the Hobbit movie yet
I liked the first two of them
yeah I know I missing something but
that's fine that's fine it's not like
you're gonna be quiz ya ParaNorman is
good I I really I like it's I think it's
hard to do kind of like spooky kids
movies and I think they did they got the
balance just right good yeah
zombies kids movies ambe's and goes
funny and a blatantly gay man yeah that
well it wasn't you know it wasn't blade
it was it was subtle you know where he
just said you know you're gonna love my
boyfriend and I thought that was a nice
a nice touch yeah the the main girl yeah
we had that yeah she had the hot Sun
further for the good-looking guy
yeah the John protrude out the jack she
wants she wants to go see a movie with a
jack so the Jack's like sure we'll take
my boyfriend - he loves chick flicks oh
that's great
I remember now I've only seen it once I
keep I'm all I'm looking to see down as
the boxtrolls I've heard great things
about the box yeah I wanted to see it oh
and the the book of life the one with
the like the Mexican Day of the Dead
kind of thing that came out around
Halloween last year that's a gorgeous
movie I don't even know if I've heard of
that yeah it's like you know like the
the Day of the Dead with a sugar skull
yeah well like when they're in the
underworld dead world they're the sugar
skulls otherwise they're like these mix
this little Mexican wood carved like
retablo kind of people and it's it's a
love story and it's animated it's CGI
but it all looks like it's made out of
water clay oh it's great it's really fun
and it's gorgeous
that's great we've fought the wife Pie
movie or do you did you just like the
book
me I haven't actually seen the Life of
Pi movie although I've been meaning to I
did like the book I know you read the
book yeah
I'm wondering how how they handle that
because I mean it's pretty graphic that
you know that I think the tiger ate his
mother how did they do they show that do
they just allude to it I'm wondering if
they just suddenly flash back and show
the gory version of it or if they just
don't I don't know like because I
haven't seen it I really can't say but I
could see where that could potentially
be like pretty disturbing to actually
see it there's none of that
oh yeah the Andy weir book I loved that
book why does it come to mark the
Larsen's it's about this it's a book by
Andy where werw I'm gonna play while you
talk yeah it's a book but it's a lot
like a hard sci-fi book you know like a
relatively accurate to science kind of
sugar and this guy is an astronaut and
they have some bad weather on Mars that
the Mars probe and he's three therefore
I think they send people to Mars in the
relatively near future okay and there's
a storm there's bad weather and they
have to evacuate and this guy he gets
separated from the other people and they
think he's dead
but he's not dead and and Santa
despoilers yeah but he has to find a way
to let people on earth know that he's
not dead and to stay alive until they
can come back and try to get it their
ship is heading back to earth and
they're supposed to be making a movie
out of it and I'm totally looking
forward to it it's it's a great book you
can you can plug things you like here we
plug the the was I off to be the wizard
you won't do it and I love that it's
comedy I can't think it wrote it off the
top of my head
the wizard Lanice something that's not
humour sci-fi some kind of punishment
the guy who does like xkcd or whatever I
don't think it's that strip it's another
strategy he's got some kind of yeah
everybody has a webcomic
spell her high water spell or high water
that was it
and I still got to get you to read
Robert Cruz he's disenchanted even
trying to solve Eon I try to sell
everybody on that it's they're both you
know like light-hearted humor the the
the book about the guy who gets trapped
on Mars is called the Martian they said
they said you're you go you're thrown
out too many too many names at once the
Martian is by Andy where it's WI ER wer
one of those off to be the wizard and
spell or high water I can't is it Martin
the guy's last name that's the
character's name oh you're right those
are by the same author and disenchanted
by Robert kr oesc
they're saying that Ridley Scott is
making the Martian Ridley Scott busy
Scott is making the Martian he does
every family fuck Oh God
I'm sure I've seen things alien okay
Blade Runner oh god okay yeah gladiator
just a couple ones just a couple spider
movies no you know what it's no big deal
don't worry about I don't know the book
was like self-published and he actually
likely like did like open source to the
information out to people so that they
could fact check it so like these
science geeks could tell no well you
kind of got that wrong you know maybe
this would have been this so that's
great tried to make the math real
accurate and everything and and and then
it got picked up by publisher and now
they're gonna make a movie out of it
little Cinderella story I think that's
beautiful
I think that's beautiful
Richie's playing now and I don't I don't
know I I haven't been actually watching
so I don't know who's been doing better
let's just say Karen has cuz maybe that
oh oh it's a contest it does have to do
that dr. Mayer do we have a second
controller yeah we have a second okay
this day what booty what now
everything's fine
taco we've we've had the alien versus
aliens discussion before there they're
two different movies and they're both
good in very different ways yes it
depends on which type of movie you like
better
I love aliens but that doesn't mean I
can't recognize that alien isn't right I
just prefer the other but I'm more of an
action and adventure guy than a horror
guy exactly exactly
people I see I see this is now gonna
turn into divorce the stream challenged
character Mario so the couch that we're
sitting on right now this is where rich
is gonna sleep tonight and you know I
think it's fine it's a comfy couch so I
think it'll be fine what are they
calling this again Jack divorce this
dream divorced this divorce we didn't
it's fine do be careful they're saying
that's Simon's
no I can't
what are we talking about now chant I've
you've lost me well no the chat just you
know they get on their own special
tangents yeah it takes me a while to
catch up to it there's a lot of Paxton
talk a lot of Bill Paxton talk game over
man no he is here's what is called an
act or acts in movies he plays pretend
in front of a camera professionally and
he was in the movie alien aliens he's
also been several other movies most
notably you might recognize him from a
movie called twice der opposite Helen
Hunt
that's it most notably aliens go pac-man
no twister was most notably aliens
aliens was a bigger movie but he was the
lead so what so you give him the lead
over your your your more known for being
the lead in a great I mean the this is
the side guy in a great movie than you
are for being the lead and a forgettable
popcorn flick yes
he's more known for aliens oh I bet you
in Star Wars who's the lead Han Solo err
Luke Luke yes there's no doubt no doubt
did you know he he made out better than
than Luke did and largely because of his
role yeah hey she has a point
yeah Harrison Ford did not star in Star
Wars
no but he but we just had me what see
more known for conversation earlier and
it's Indiana just shirt stars sure in it
but okay if he never made if you never
made Indiana Jones yeah will he be more
known for Star Wars or witness
so remembers greatness scores
okay that's our generation that's the
argument you know what Richmond rich
wins
Oh someone got a shot come up for that
it happened no it's gonna happen
karen has no idea what you're talking
about good bingo game oh okay I'm kind
of like a drinking game where it's yeah
yeah look every time somebody says yes
ooh here's an important question wrench
yes Reb Brown or Robert zidar red Brown
Robert Siddarth is distracting from his
lack of talent whereas red Brown commits
100% to the cheesiest shit I give it to
red Brown 100% all right red Brown is
the man that could have been all right
rich and I are getting divorced now yes
I think that would be a great title for
a movie though the man the man that
could have been but never was so when
are we gonna play head to head where you
kick my butt
you can finish your room sick get the
second controller yeah we're going Jesus
Christ oh gotta happen here it is there
it is
all right how do we get two more
probably gotta go back one okay oh you
have to start on the same level
them's the rules we start here we both
away cracker man five to six thank you
for subscribing we've vari that's
appreciated okay
remise okay oh my god it's happening
okay okay okay wait I'm rich rich
so rich will be on the left and Karen is
on the right rich messed up the controls
to be fine
that's totally fine I'm on the right yes
oh well you can't handle it it's
distracting your piece using the camera
you surrender not yet we might get there
eventually
oh and for anyone asking we are playing
this on the Wii U Virtual Console
because but it's it's exactly the same
game yeah it's just an easier way to
play it now I mean it
Oh No Oh Karen gave up I didn't give up
she gave she straight-up gave up two to
three oh yeah yeah I forgot it like
reigns pieces of death down on you when
the other person does something good oh
yeah start doing good things faster rich
better start and pulling back here to
wash to hold back
yeah riches on the left Karen is on the
right - rich has won crowned which is
using this tactic to distract Karen
what is dr. Mario's Nintendo Nintendo's
answer to dr. Robotnik's mean bean
machine no this came out well before any
sort of sonic franchise if Sonic was a
competitor to the Super Nintendo not the
regular Nintendo is it I mean oh we have
a stream freeze we do do you guys still
hear us though I think you still hear us
hopefully you still hear us hold on yeah
I see that the stream froze but can you
hear us
this is can you hear me now can you hear
us the program has failed but that's
okay I think we're still streaming
sounds good yeah we're still streaming
but the the capture device failed so
closing down the capture device it's
very funny how I ask you if you can hear
me and you say no we can't hear you
yeah I get it I'm closing down my dog
caps your device because it froze BRR
I'm sorry what what don't you know
you're mr. ed I know mr. ed I just can't
believe that you brought up mr. ed of
course of course of course of course I
we are starting the device again you
bastard
actually thank you it's a pretty tight
association it's a pretty tight match
the play-by-play is Oak Karen's down to
three viruses and rich still has four
ah rich keeps braiding down nasty pieces
that I don't want your nasty pieces end
up helping me it's kind of great
yeah and yours keep on hurting me Oh mr.
Foreman le thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it rich is now
down to one already I need to unplug
something okay how are you doing
Internet is it internet doing okay today
I'm doing something neutral stuff tech
neutral as a character we have invented
here's an asexual detective
he's dick neutral uh so he's doesn't
have a dick or not he doesn't get the
sexual innuendos mmm
kind of like the character in the
guardians of the galaxy who doesn't get
their palms or genetics that's it yeah
Shrek
never really a fan that's the thing we
don't know we don't get it they keep
trying to bring that up okay
the stream will be coming back
momentarily no chance bringing up Secret
Wars coming soon to a theater near you
we're talking about Secret Wars earlier
now you're busy that's the wrong way to
talk about this here rich I'm putzing I
don't I don't train the left brain to do
this well the right brain doesn't work
that way
leave me to my putzing doo doo doo doo
doo you know I don't like bus rooms to
bring that mustard yes bring it up tell
the mustard story what's a grateful
father um well just that I thought that
you didn't like mustard because you
hadn't had good muster you know I mean
there's a difference between that yellow
stuff people put on hot dogs with that
real high vinegar count and content and
good Dijon mustard so I had some good
mustard and Karen do you enjoy Barden
Ford needs these questions are starting
to remind me of that that scene from the
movie airplane ever been to a Turkish
prison Billy but anyway so I gave him
some good dish on mustard and no he's
right he turns out he doesn't like
mustard at all I was like um I'm not
sure how long it took you to get the
taste the smell the thought out of your
mouth but it was a while you were not
happy you can also tell him why you call
me charmed
well I I call him chard because because
it's the second half of his name but
also because he accidentally had a
little cooking fire some years back he
was much younger and learning how to
cook yeah just kind of set the doorway
on fire I don't know how trying to make
a grand exit I guess
almost burned down the house yeah but
didn't watch the two men wrestle ever
been to a Turkish prison for people
coming in late Karen here is my fiance
hi again continuing iiiiii hey guys I
got it back okay yes always be cool
about fire safety stop drop and roll
don't screw around with matches all that
good stuff don't stick your fork in the
electrical socket don't put your don't
take a bath yeah don't take a bath with
your curling iron or whatever it is
people do okay so coming back rich has
two victories ticket runs none to
Karen's none but that was a close match
I'm really sorry you guys missed out
we're ready to go we're going even
though in a two out of three world I've
already lost well that person was
something
hey hey fuck me up - so just know I'm
screwed
I recently got those how did I get
unscrewed I said I did
I got unscrewed I don't know how it's
done screw in the mouth yes yes rich has
almost burned down multiple houses for
people who do that who else's house I
only know about the one isn't it isn't
this - doesn't this make the story
you're just telling it's that's - then
what's one there's that that's it oh
you're telling the grandmother sound of
stir OH
so Karen comes Richard because also also
because because when he was taking some
classes there there was some time ago
there were some girls from India or
somewhere we used to call Reid yard
which was very cute I get it Richard
there is no redemption no no sanctuary
yes Oh
Logan's reign is a great movie I agree
it's been a while since I've seen it I
thought about the Day the Earth Stood
Still I mean you gotta love your old
cheesy sci-fi movies see perfect turbo
Jesus 5000 now wants to know if there
was a specific point a moment that made
me give up on Doctor Who or was it a
gradual thing Karen did you ever watch
Doctor Who I just I've seen a few of
them like the one work the Sanders all
dried out and she's be missed it all the
time oh that's a beautiful yeah that's a
beautiful I always mean - and I never do
I've watched a lot of red dwarf I like
that I mean I do like British humor but
I haven't seen enough to really feel
like I should have an opinion on Doctor
Who
I really like the the reboot or you know
the the new season it was right after
this season with the silence there
wasn't a specific episode or a moment it
was just the the it would you know who
was it was Clara when Clara came in
everything everything went sour she was
a really bad sidekick or whatever
companion and the stories got sloppy the
doctors character got all weird it was
just a whole thing it was just a whole
thing oh my god they got the Logan's Run
reference
there is no Sangju no sanctuary yeah
that's about how it sounds I mean blink
is a beautiful and perfect episode like
there's a wonderful episode there are
many really wonderful episodes of Doctor
Who it just got really sloppy like the
the episode where the doctors in an old
western town and suddenly decides he
wants to murder someone for no
particular reason because the doctor
doesn't murder people but that's fine
for no reason whatsoever he decides out
of the blue that he needs to murder
someone and then halfway through is like
I guess I don't want to murder and tries
to figure out a way to not murder him
it's it doesn't make any sense
no the characterization guys super
fucked I'm taking acid while they were
writing the scripts or something yeah
it's just it's just a bad writer and the
person who was writing it was also a
showrunning and so they they they just
he got he got Lucas
he had no one to tell him no and and the
show went to shit and that's fine oh not
to like season eight okay so there were
there are seven or eight I forget which
season the silence was but there were
there were many many quality quality
seasons but
just get fucked up quality discount
prices high quality discount prices cuz
they're all on Netflix so which is
really why I started watching it I just
needed a new show and I knew there were
so much of them mattress store I was
just thinking about that recently we
tried to buy a mattress once and it was
the most miserable experience trying to
buy anything if you don't buy it in the
next 30 seconds you're going to die you
need to buy it now we were in the store
for like literally a minute this guy's
already putting on the pressure
whittling away my virus pie and all of a
sudden clear your stage what's that that
was a close one
parents say my name it will make my day
Jack trigger Joyce Joyce there's twice
there you go okay this was your effort
to get me distracted oh that's okay yeah
fan interference fan interference fight
on even if it's completely hopeless and
you're doomed to failure the drug wasn't
working so you know what you need to do
shove more pills down there
Romario does not have a healthy a
healthy relationship with substances
mushrooms pills driving under the
influence right you've heard it here
first folks rich has yellow up the ass
hmm but jokes they're my favorite we're
accepting bunch accepting blood jokes
but a bunch of bunch Oh an accepting
bunch o butt jokes I don't know too many
butts jokes
the blue thing is on top of my bear
ooh Old Yeller all the yellow up there
but I like it there was ever a movie
that was designed to manipulate your
emotions that is it Old Yeller classic
killing a dog movie beautiful yeah you
know the Injil movies genre killing the
dog yeah you just said it this kind of
music or something we have I've seen in
some supermarkets a a brand of dog food
called Old Yeller and I always see it
and I think so that's what they did
after they capped his ass turned up in
the Old Yeller dog food oh those from
underneath I have not checked out and
ghost in the shell' arrives you know
what I did do though because there was
so much anime talk lash to streaming
uh-huh I finally know I've had this
thing attack on Titan it's it's a an
anime I see around the internet all the
time I thought it was a movie but
apparently it's a series and I've been
watching last night just out of the blue
I started watching attack on Titan all
of a sudden it's 1:00 in the morning and
I've seen like 10 episodes it's great
attack on Titan is really beautiful it's
about these horan disjoint people
looking monsters that eat people
and the the town and all of the world is
walled off and they keep getting in and
it's about the people who fight the
giant Titans and it's great okay I I
don't actually know much about it I'm
only ten episodes in and so yeah it's
just about the people that fight the
Titans and they have these like
mechanical Spiderman belts that like
grapple hook and they can float around
like spider-man it's really great
now I've been really yeah it's about
naked cat is about giant naked cannibals
all the Titans are naked but they look
like people but they kind of look like
dim-witted people with giant smiles on
their face and so then when they like
eat people on blood gushes everywhere
it's really creepy certainly sounds like
anime yeah it's really beautiful it's
really really beautiful
I like the first ghost in the shell'
movie we talked about that I saw that in
the theaters I used to i-i've see I have
seen anime in the past but it's been a
while
nicer I need to review some bad anime no
no I thought fine
oh we got one more
oh my god what is it Karen what did you
to hold your pills
that is if that's a real pickle
oh my god
yeah I know I was doing a pretty good
job you don't know underneath I feel bad
because you were doing more time I mean
when you're trying to you know take out
stalactites dominantly I was talking
about man and what was the cove again
man in the castle you guys don't know no
the Amazon series the philip j k the
philip k dick series man in the castle
something men and someone were someone
remember what i said earlier and type it
something in the castle man men the men
who live in castles is the is the is the
amazon pilot season someone's gonna say
it the man in the high castle that's
what it's called and it's great so you
can get me
what do you want to talk about you I've
been I'm just talking talking check this
is good I think this is good I think
this is good I've been playing crappy
video games all day so it's fun watching
a good video game see we're not
reviewing Call of Duty though it's gonna
come on oh no like I said that's just
for me that's just like a general I
usually make fun of Call of Duty yeah
and I haven't played one in a while so
now I feel like I have all the right in
the world to make fun of Call of Duty
again okay ivory upped my Call of Duty
your subscription yeah okay sorry even
we're even your goose is not cooked yet
I know doctor killed again that's fine
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna
that's just the Joker
rlm reference thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciated
rich have you played in any regular Far
Cry 3 or just Blood Dragon because it's
not as awesome as Blood Dragon basically
yes in general
it's just not as fun I suppose going
from the like eighties
techno yeah like eighties rock relatable
right that would be a be a rough
transition
I have not seen tusks yet mr. Foreman
Ellie and I don't plan on it even though
even though Jay said he loved it Jay
said he loved it because of how bad it
oh what did I do and I don't know if
it's so never give up your never
surrender still you're the best of the
best keep going I've mutation if someone
subscribes with a really horrific name
would you still say it
there are 100% limits but your example
of content butter buckle I would
definitely say that that is not the
limit yeah and we really didn't like
your name we might just make something
up yeah it's not personally offensive
it's kind of blandly tasteless which is
a lesser sin being tasteless is a lesser
sin sure yes
you know you know how I'm gonna handle
mmm I might say you're an asshole
thank you oh no I've opened the
floodgates well you know what if that's
what you feel like spending your five
dollars on if you feel like spending
your five dollars on seeing what will
say I'm more than okay with that but you
know I can't imagine
played Mario non-stop Oh longer than
that but nobody as long as you want
we're just talking and playing games
that's what we do yeah yes talk about TV
series librarians at all no it's cheesy
how would I even describe it I it's
these people who it's based on a couple
of movies that they had which were
probably straight-to-video
and these people are like librarians and
they they run around trying to gather
all the magic in the world back in but
it's just it's got some cheesy some food
fun cheesy episodes like one episode
there I was so bad at playing this and
talking at the same time there they find
this house that that it's like a haunted
house that eats people and it travels
it's been traveling through time and
showing up different places matters
fantasy time yeah in their library I
can't even describe it a fun show it
doesn't always make sense it's
frequently very silly you would probably
like rip it apart
clinically don't doubt but it's
whimsical and fun whimsical I've also
been enjoying Gotham
rich was saying he was like accomplice
you're gonna defend people don't like
because it's not mostly about bad man
hey whoa you'll have to have that
discretion with a chat when somebody
else starts playing I'm sure I'm sure
this will come up these people have very
strong opinions play something else I'm
gonna play versus roguish because know
I'll lose rich clearly I lose I'm good
you know what I'm gonna play oh I'm
gonna play some Metroid I'm rusty and
rich just like

[Part II]
but versus roguish because no I'll lose
rich clearly I lose I'm good you know
what I'm gonna play Oh
I'm placing I'm a place in Metroid I'm
rusty and rich is like a courier you can
you didn't even respond to any gotham
comments I come up now viscid Gotham is
the worst why particularly this one says
because it has too much Bruce Wayne oh
oh I figured if people didn't like it it
was because it had they was too much
about Gordon Gordon no do you think
there's too much Bruce would know I mean
he I guess he does he even show up and
every single episode was even in the
last well I think he's in a little I
didn't see the last last one but I think
he's in and every episode at least a
little bit I'm gonna lose a second while
I update this dream
see see I'm okay with Bruce Wayne being
in it a lot because it's not an age
we've seen a lot of Bruce Wayne like the
months year right after the murder
yeah it's unexplored Bruce Wayne usually
it's if they explored it's in it's in
flashback mode but but usually it goes
like you go from the death and then you
almost go straight to intense training
to be Batman and then in putting on the
costume for the first time yeah oh
you're gonna hate spelunker it is so
merciless I've never played it's your
little guy can't see your little guy can
fall like six inches it's like he's got
that that osteogenesis imperfecta or
something and his bones just break or
he's in like some planet where the
gravity is like six times the gravity on
earth you're gonna yeah it would be a
good game you can't fall that high yeah
you can't fold it Oh like you can't even
fall like regular people distances this
isn't like Mario we got old gravity
where he jumps three times its height I
mean like you can't even fall like a
foot and a half like a real person could
with no problem at all how do you guys
osteoporosis yeah but a steel Genesis
imperfecta that's that brittle bone
thing like really brittle bones disease
this this new voice you're hearing is my
fiancee this is Karen the nerd she she
says hello i and she said many times
tonight
good Navin
got a fancy parties oh my god you can't
fall from that height no exactly like I
said I can keep at it he's mining on a
planet with like three times the mass of
Earth the Sun City Falls it's like in
Falls 100 feet are simply CJ no this is
the reason yeah I avoided spelunky for
years right because I thought it was
like a take on spelunker see all they
need to do with somebody needs to hack
this to make it just a little easier a
little more merciful a little less
ridiculously yeah exactly I have the
actual cartridge of this at home I never
I'm gonna I'm gonna do this I've played
through a few stages I mean you can get
to the point
but yeah it's maddening damn it Oh a
very young loose Wayne exploring the
caves below the mansion a very young
Bruce Wayne with with brittle bones this
is no exploring caverns on a planet the
size of Jupiter yes I'm ready I can do
this thank you can't you smack I'm ready
for this I don't think you are jack
we're glad to have your approval I can
do this rich I have not played since
revenge
oh my god Oh Montezuma's Revenge
no that is well its diarrhea but it's
their game by that they Eve it doesn't
involve diarrhea no I think they're just
trying to be jerks okay I know I thought
maybe some game designer thought they'd
be cute and named their game Nando's
montezuma's revenge after the tourist
stuff I mean if that's also possible
they're very well all right some of
those 80s game designers had some pretty
good senses of humor yeah like you know
maniac mansion where they got that video
game called muff-diver
yeah when that when the thought the
smoke comes out that's kind of like us
it's like a little tiny volcano or
something I see that this is a very
strange game
oh I got farther it could be a decent
game if it just wasn't so ridiculously
hard I'm ready I'm in it I mean a trifle
it's been long he's like this but not so
pretty good no miner Joe somebody made a
game called gold miner Joe gold miner
Joe go buy ten years ago that was a lot
of fun I got this you guys don't even
know how much I have this it was sort of
reminiscent of this but it was easier a
lot easier and more fun and
light-hearted be Jack Jack stop dying
yeah yeah I knew you weren't gonna like
spelunker
hey I don't actually know what this he's
not exposed to you know you can enjoy
spelunker what with the game genie began
settle out of that stuff like infinite
lives and stuff I got this so you can
just die over and over again
I picture this with megaman music ever
played monster party monster party knows
how to play monster monster party it's a
cheesy game where you run around and
swing a baseball bat at monsters except
when you take a pill and turn into a
flying dragon that shoots fireballs and
it's god is this a game you made up
no it's an NES game from way back when
and and it's got great music and great
character great great villains the
villains are all kinds of strange things
and kapha throws baby cats at you a
giant I'm sorry what a giant venus
flytrap a rocker throws musical notes at
you just all kinds of weird enemies and
trippy backgrounds of cloud cities and
witches and it's just fun sounds great
it is if you got the hardware to play it
I've got the cartridge I can bring it up
next time or you can emulate it with
whatever if they sell it she's not the
real shit yeah the emulator or not that
the virtual where yeah I've got the
actual cartridges in the actual hardware
and the actual controllers and all that
it's excellent
just any asthma I mean almost all just
NES that's my favorite system so what's
your goal in this I took it through and
that died what is getting through
involved get to the end of the stage and
then I don't remember if you die what
isn't even a death apparently if you
fall into that pit - damn Oh
the subsequent levels aren't any less
terrifying and yes I'm richest fiancee
and yes and I'm genuine I'm not
artificial or Android my fiancee in the
real dull speculation that rich is
finding a way to talk over himself and
it's actually an alternate aspect of his
personality that's feminine but no you
know I read the man you know I'm not
that kind of voice awesome free rack of
monster party after Jack beats it for
the first time okay idea was
pre-recorded like Jack's supposed to
beat it and then show people pictures of
it no that's called pre-recorded because
it's previously recorded because it's
flexible we can do whatever basically
whatever the fuck we want
okay I'm sorry dude did you say Frick
yes oh yeah see this is like a game game
at about this number of remaining why
did definitely wanna yeah there's an
action engage I think you've got maybe
is some underwater parts oh my god it's
been so long since I've played this I
mean I did get through a fair amount of
it when I was really bored once but
press up and B bum
you see you hear this guys there's some
crazy shit that's happening here they're
saying they love each other and shit
kind of bullshit is that
oh okay they want us to hate each other
they want to hear blow it's more funny
if you fight if they think you're
fighting you don't actually have to
fight that just makes me a monster what
trying to make me look like a wife
beater no that was that was just the
manual there's no cheat
oh there's no nun of a nice of the word
like built challenging the problems the
building cheats no no I just read the
man you know I was seeing if there was
any story I don't think there is a story
I think it was originally an arcade game
and then it was ported I hope that the
arcade game wasn't so ridiculous so
maybe they just wanted it to eat
boarders but it just doesn't seem like
it has enough fun to hook you right yes
like after he was like $50 and quarters
just to get used to the controls
play something less stupid well this
game sucks quite you
it's a neat concept I mean when I when I
saw the box originally it was like oh
you know you get to play I love caves
you know I mean real caves it's like oh
yeah you can go and explore caves and
and dig rocks and geology but no we
might not be able to do it on the stream
because I don't know
well I'm talking literally stream it
that way but we're sure useful okay
you really don't look up the monster
party will know the enemies are really
fun blinky sounds like the game you
wanted to play with you Southwest which
is I'm assuming was the the Genesis for
somebody making spelunky yes yeah yeah I
like that one game you have with the
that schools and goblins but it's easier
and more fun than signing those really
well so give me your place where the it
was for I think it's for the cube would
work with a guy wouldn't when you do bad
he'd be running around it's boxers for
wine maximal yeah okay yeah so it's kind
of like it is to spelunky spelunker
spunky is the spelunker as Maximo most
of ghouls and goblins thanks much
Maximus to plenty hearts not as hard as
Costa combos so but okay well most
buggies on the 3ds monkeys do be vocal
minor Joe there's a gold miner Joe was
part of that whole big push of casual
games some years back what I don't know
why they didn't just port all of them
straight over to tablets because most of
them would work just fine
oh my gun is on fire in charge like all
the pop gaps it PopCap's games ought to
be available for the tablet
that's the greatest game over also you
live in 1984 they do live in a three I
don't know the year before Mario came
out first didn't get the money no no you
call him Mario could not fall that far
yeah
oh my god there's a ghost story Oh
started to have like ridiculous gravity
and stuff and there's no you felt
there's a bat shits on you yeah oh my
god the bats shitting on me yeah this
grotto is like acid acid or something oh
my god his acid shit this is the
greatest game ever
I think they should have made this game
99 ways to die I don't understand shit
I'm proud that my play isn't doing that
job I I don't know maybe maybe
brøderbund is Fang and break his brain
could have what
what is the spelunker I my brain is fine
I'm just you know what I'm doing
doing a retro classic title it's all
retro and shit the goal is really to get
goal or some gold or something doesn't
that make them like a gold miner or not
a spelunker oh well I think it's just
like getting I think just getting to the
end this here is your bullshit that died
just like do I go through all these
nooks to get the cool then just run
straight towards an exit where's an exit
how do you find an exit back go back the
way you came in I want the high score is
paper but you know what it'd be great
event with like a secret ending if you
go back off you win the game you know
the game is great huh elevator action
elevator action is that available
uncontrollably and we rarely mess marry
I don't know I've honestly never looked
into it or what
oh that's a good game yeah there's some
clones
Patera I can't imagine a game of
uncontrollable how do you why do you do
that for the touch it's an especially
responsive or what oh fuck I don't know
I downloaded it cuz it was a free app of
the day and I thought you might like it
but I didn't actually play every star
what's what's my opinion on Infinite
Crisis on secret Wars
I think Marvel is now making the exact
same mistakes that DC used to make yeah
goodbye goodbye Marvel I've been by
continuity I've always always loved
Marvel's tight continuity even though in
recent years it's kind of been eroded
away anyway but this is like final death
toll to Marvel I'm continuity so not
have matters anymore
yeah comics what I did
it doesn't matter anymore oh shit the
ghosts the ghosts shit shit shit this is
I mean spunky definitely came from this
game yeah and I love that proto spelunky
right I wasn't asked there's no picture
of my head there but I like saga non
superhero comics and trees oh yeah you
care my fianc waah my field swamp has as
we've we've switched places I will be
once in the comic books exactly we've
kind of we went to the comic book store
few weeks ago whenever that was and
normally like years ago used to be we'd
go to the comic store and she'd like
wait in the car or hang around and wait
for me to finish and then we'd go home
Emily what did the comic book store she
was browsing around the comic book store
I was just kind of waiting around for
her to be finished so we can go home so
you you have discovered comics recently
talked about well I've been reading saga
I've read all the current saga the first
24 issues
what is saga saga is it's a story a
story about a little boat that the
protagonist who is a kid the occasional
narrator is is this girl named hazel and
it's about her parents who are from
opposite sides of these two warring
planets planet a moon and she so she's
kind of like biracial or by species both
sides man children because they're busy
sides are at war their species like the
father is like a gold man or something
right
yeah well the people from the from the
moon or they have horns and the people
from the planet have Queens and so she
has horns and wings that's a little tiny
knobs why wouldn't you want that well it
because these people are in love know
what I'm saying like why wouldn't you
want to have both horns yeah
really frightened a tail towards wings
and a tail she's the ultimate weapon
series she doesn't have a tail I mean I
just in your mind she has a tail no I I
you said you know what more could you
want and I said well you know you can
want it you could want for a tail oh
yeah okay maybe for the whole set but uh
but yeah but but it's it's it's a great
really great story really great aliens
really great family dynamics and this
that and the other
J sounds like a girl yeah JJ had
hormonal e knowledge but they I'm not
Jack they want this little half-breed
may be dead or something
yeah both sides because she's like kind
of a symbol to them of people they want
everybody on this side hate everybody on
that side and least time got together
and so yeah she represents hope you
don't like home
yeah but not it's really as well it's
well-written it's it's for adults not
kids but doesn't mean it's not written
written enjoy well written by Brian cave
on the guy who did why the last man and
Fiona staples is it I think is the
artist yes I don't know oh yeah Fiona I
think it's Fiona staples I like that I
like trees not I mean yeah the things
that girl on the ground are all nice but
it's yeah it's well to cut a run in a
comic book that's currently running that
these things that these these large
columnar things city sauce city size
things just drop onto the planet and
they're there for years and they don't
communicate with the people and it's
just kind of
columnar it's yeah what's columnar their
columns they're they're they're
cylindrical she's really - you say words
she's vocabulary Asst yeah you say words
and I know they mean stuff and it makes
my head sorry yeah but but and then
these things start waking up and doing
stuff so it's I don't know exactly what
all they're gonna do yet because it 1/3
columnar is a real word column like
that's I think that's great I think you
learned something new every day just by
being around me I guess what I'm saying
is today's word word of the day was
brought to you by the letter e the word
columnar in the color yellow you make us
all smarter congratulations you're going
with a columnar and then the color is
just yellow not like teal or burgundy I
thought I was being generous I like
yellow our tiny brains can only handle
so much information rich I'm surprised
yellow color is chartreuse what else
have you been reading because I know
you've been reading other I read the
first issue of Squirrel Girl which was
awesome really cute she kind of runs
around singing the Spiderman song and I
like Miss Marvel the the the reboot yeah
the one with the teenage Pakistani
American I think she's Pakistani maybe
Iranian American she girl she has
different powers in this one all right
what's her powers um she can like shape
change like she can make herself good
bigger or smaller or her hands get
stretchy or whatever and she can also
heal herself but you can't do both at
the same time okay and it's it's I've
only read the first six issues I know
there are more but I've just read what's
the what's in the graphic novel and then
there's an issue up on Marvel unlimited
and are you are you more of a paper
comic reader or do you read on your II
device I'm more of an e device reader
what do you wanna have to use to read I
like comiXology what I do have I have a
subscription that I that I may end up
canceling to Marvel unlimited it's a
girl element it's really clunky to use
but I gotta finish reading all the hot
guys first and I read I like to read I
like the Marvel unlimited because I can
just read silly stuff that I otherwise
wouldn't ever really spend money on like
the lockjaw the pet Avengers and stuff
like that
sure and that in the Deadpool
Illustrated what was your reaction when
you started reading the the backstory to
Hawkeye and everything that has happened
the Hawkeye I I just I wanted to know
what a little bit about his backstory so
I just looked him up on Wikipedia and it
looks like he's died several times going
alive and or deaf and or possibly
paralyzed I really can't keep it
straight more than once and and and and
it's just crazy how many times they they
just kill these characters and put them
back together and yeah I mean puts what
I like about the Hawkeye stuff is that
he's not using superpowers he's just
this kind of a bumbling idiot at the
time who's in over his head he was
trying to take on like this Russian
mafia and he means well but I mean like
in every every every issue he's got more
bandages on and than the last issue and
he's got so many concussions he's
probably got brain damage that sounds
great
it does and it is it's not like and they
do a lot of creative silly stuff like
like one of the issues is told entirely
for the point of view of the dog it's
all but like these pictograms instead of
words but but yeah it looks like he's
had some he's had a rough life
he's been done by the past by by Marvel
and that resurrected so that they could
torture us more
I think it's great Batman 66 yeah I love
I love that I always liked the TV show
that this kind of sweet innocent a less
dark Batman I know people like their
dark Batman and you know it's probably
more realistic and gritty but sometimes
I just like something fun and
light-hearted where I know he's you know
he had up sir he had a rough childhood
but he's he's going on to turned into a
ass-kicking adult and and and just you
know save the world by bedtime or
something you know I I don't know why
anybody still lives in Gotham when it's
like the city of Townsville you know
like something bad happens every 4
seconds you think everybody would leave
the towel the one the one I know rate
must be staggering the one item point is
metropolis you could not pay me to live
in the front yeah Townsville metropolis
I mean people make lists of the most
dangerous cities to live in a house
filled metropolis of Gotham would have
to be on it if there were real cities
like do you think do you think like the
price of a condo in downtown metropolis
is like a hundred bucks
yeah like it's brand-new freshly built
it's expected built it's built like a
like a military-grade bomb ship 14
stories underground it's made out of
solid concrete like someone doesn't know
about the whole Superman thing like wow
I can't believe this whole building is
brand new such an old city why why is it
so new oh there are construction cranes
everywhere all the time
great city though if you're a
construction worker yeah triple overtime
yeah you gotta put the building's back
up the only hard part for them is the
commute because they don't live in the
city they know better yeah
scooby-doo Timo I know you read this
community oh I love the scooby-doo
team-up Scooby Doo Scooby doing bad man
scooby-doo and can you attack that no I
just jumped at Obie Scooby doing the
Flintstones the squirrel this could be
do in the Jetsons world it takes a lot
of little nods to Scooby stuff and
Flintstones stuff and it's just cute and
fun there's an episode where where the
where the Scarecrow comes in and kind of
takes out the humans and and and Scooby
in the bat-hound
take take over the whole issue and it's
just great he's the man home ace the
bat-hound it's cool to do save the day
he doesn't get many appearances these
days no no I I fully expect that shoot
what's his name what's Superman's dog's
name Krypto Krypto I I fully expect that
he thank you that he will show up in
there somewhere that there will be an
issue with Krypto and scooby-doo because
they've already had astro and scooby-doo
and ace the bat-hound and scooby-doo and
Dino and scooby-doo
you know if Krypto felt like humping
your leg there's nothing you could do
this you would have a hole in your leg
Jesus I mean you're right well I have
heard all kinds of things about like
what you know the logistics of what
would happen if if he even has Anatomy
remotely resembling a human although all
the ways he could kill Lois Lane first
time she says why does it have spikes
yeah what's that she's tiny goes my
penis and and she goes why does it have
pictures and he's like to grab you with
it's some kind of webcomic
friend of mine said it to me so I said
it to you but ya figure out this over
open ladder situation could work jack
good work do you notice how I'm making
it a little bit far yes I do I do
there's also a story as somebody sent me
where Superman Lois comes over to his
house and Superman this house is like a
hundred degrees and filled with rotted
meat because that's like how his species
is comfortable when he says he doesn't
even he's not attracted to human females
in fact he's not even sure he's the male
or female of his species
Custer says males and females I'd like
to see I think people really ought to
play play up the alien aspect have been
more often he's often he seems like he's
played off is like the the all-american
poster child for assimilation which
which can be all well and good but he's
also a freaky weird alien you wouldn't
you would probably have loved the Tim
Burton Superman that never got made yeah
I'm generally a fan of Tim Burton
there's an Edward Scissorhands comic
book out now what there is tell me when
there's a beetlejuice uh there might
have already been one for all I know I'd
have to look it up I would read that I
would totally read that I love
Beetlejuice both the cartoon from the
90s oh my god I remember uh-huh you ever
see the one with with where it's all
references to Edgar Allan Poe stories no
no it's good I've seen the power waiter
knows where everything was a reference
to the Beatles oh I haven't seen that
yeah
the supervillain team that called
themselves the beetles and just every
line in that episode they're working in
a beatles reference so well there's an
episode of The Jetsons word that's like
a Beatles reference and the way outs and
their heads are like yeah sleepies or
something doodle-do Sassoon yes pa never
played it might be good I'm just kidding
myself
I don't deserve that room I kept myself
too early
so what other nerdy thanks for talking
about I mean you've gone from from
Powerpuff Girls to comic books to sci-fi
shows you're covering the whole gamut I
think is great
what's the best traction I was here
isn't the best enterprise the first one
movie one of the TV show on the original
TV show really the best enterprise yeah
I guess I'm just the static for it ok I
gotta go with the movie one but why do
you say that I just it's it's exactly
like the TV show one only just much
nicer and better designed although they
have more money no sure but that I think
is the most beautiful enterprise you
need use the restrooms delete you any
longer the way I tell everybody
everybody poops
I have the ugliest Jack was the ugliest
average
oh fuck the ugliest enterprise cuz I
don't thinking about this lately because
I want to build that damn model there's
so much enterprises you know it's
probably enterprises enterprise then X
yeah I'm torn it's either the NX or it's
the fucking E I think everything about
me is just kind of disgusting what's the
e the next-gen movie ship oh sure
that thing looks like garbage how do you
get where the coast I have no idea I'm
gonna try to do this nobody so they um
I'm gonna try to run away it's the
ghosts just like a fuck you yeah they
got well the ghost comes after so many
minutes but so I'm gonna just like with
spunky I think I can like ya heard him
not ya heard him hey Arnie the Chet
someone in the chat thinks the sea is
the ugliest OC is up there alright just
has to die apparently how did I get down
here
I suppose you don't remember with a seat
look like one offhand someone from
yesterday's enterprise she was one it
was in one episode over what of Nixon
it was the time-travel one with Tasha
Yar she yeah she had that I'm alternate
timeline Tasha Yar ended up giving her
life at the admin go on the enterprise-c
to go back a time to die fighting the
Romulans so that there wouldn't be warm
equipment yeah yeah oh I remember that
design-wise it's like halfway between
the classic enterprise and the next-gen
enterprise it doesn't work and it
doesn't work you see
yes no that was the oh he was the one
from their next-gen movie stuff like
first contact on okay
are those nacelles and the weird
elongated primary hole it's just
disgusting you dim these cells
oh well girl would you get them nacelles
fight fight fight
justjust design-wise which ones I like
best this is the refit Enterprise flash
the enterprise aim then I might make the
see second I really liked the scene you
know I'm gonna throw this out there and
don't smack me across the mouth yeah but
I like that Voyager
Oh what did you like better the banner
prize in Millennium Falcon Andres
it's a fucking enterprise I mean the
fault gets cool but the enterprise is
the enterprise well you know what
they're cool in two very different ways
sure sure one one is a hot rod and one
is is a battleship you know if I could
only pick one to have as a detailed
model in my living room it would be the
animal and he Enterprises is sexy and
like in like a 50s modern kind of Eames
chair way oh well put Eames chair here
your references are so intelligent
they're throwing me for a get that one
what does that one like a furniture
designer like just think like when you
think like 50s modern like plastic
furniture modern looking chairs but when
I say moderate I mean like 50s
okay maybe 40s or 60s - I'm not sure
exactly what the timeline is
but the the refit /a the C the D the B
and then fucking Yi and the NX dead last
I don't know how do you feel about the
enterprise from enterprise
well it's supposed to be like
like a like proto Enterprise yeah you
know it's kind of stove a wagon
enterprise sure that doesn't mean it
looks good how do you feel about - it's
a fuck it's a it's a very functional
cobbled together early prototype kind of
a thing so I think it's fine for what it
is ok it isn't there for looks
it's the model a you know the tin Lizzie
it's a little primitive looking chats
asking which one the B is the B was
basically okay I'm drawn to him blink on
the name of the Excelsior the anti
Scalia except side down a Kura the
motorcycles
I get it I'm gonna here's here's my goal
take first Bellanca by the way I want to
beat this first level okay yeah I have
faith in you
I figured out what I have to do I have
to get all these keys band-aids or pills
they're flares
okay what's that thing that's going up
and down said a drill what things the
thing looks like a barber pen thing on
right under where you are yeah that's
that's my oxygen those are those are
oxygen tanks
yeah actually well if we're in a cave or
more or apparently very deep down is
there an extra meter I don't know does
that help no oh that's all I have
there is it's at the top you see where
says max and there's a purple arrow
that's crawling across the top is that
it I believe so real talk I have no idea
check your miss shake weight yeah that's
shaking shake weight you may think that
Enterprise B is hideous but then again I
do rank it just above the E and the NX
which are both humorous I mean real
battleships are pretty hideous too
I mean I don't think any any super
carrier ever won a beauty contest except
among their own aficionados fictional
universe ISM I'm obligated to yes to be
realistic expose movies do care more
about aesthetics
that fucking ghost I need to forego this
first treasure I think every I mean I
don't know window side oxygen meter is
the blue arrow
it's the blue arrow purple arrow purple
arrow 26 lanes wide NASA co2 26 tons and
four lanes wives American bride Cairo oh
I need to call mother fuck mother fuck
mother fuck mother fuck I'm just gonna
die what what don't I like about the
heat I don't I don't like the profile I
I don't like the elongated hole I think
the nacelles are gaudy and ugly
don't lay cells be drooping anything
about the eat all looks like crap yeah
uh-huh
word to your mother
the refit enterprise though that that
thing is sexy
almost sex is slightly sexier than Jack
Jack they hate this game so much they
want me to play pong what I hate this
game so much they want me to we used to
have the actual console my girl my uncle
gave it to us for so many of those I
think everyone had back in the day they
can't see how it could be is you for
more than 30 seconds
oh I guess you know when it came out it
was a novelty that you could make stuff
on the screen move what's what's the
best truck uniform the next-gen uniforms
from season three on yeah yeah when they
got rid of the onesie yeah yeah the
onesies are either either that or like
the Wrath of Khan era uniforms those are
pretty sweet but once them the reboot
thing aren't bad
on the new the new I'm not sure I like
the pattern part but but other than that
that that enterprise will rank just just
above to be I hate man that kind of
looks weird
I'm talking about the you yeah I know I
don't I think just maybe think about a
name cling to factor in that ship
Oh Abrams shit yeah oh yeah that was
pretty nice-looking yes yes you're gonna
lose your yeah limit you don't like the
replica no ii Abrams yeah that's okay he
goes any movie where Spock is yelling
and beating somebody to death too
crumbly you probably making a mistake is
most volcanoes I've ever seen geysers or
whatever they are one of the worst Star
Trek uniforms I mean the onesies from
Season one and two of next gen or pretty
awful yeah I know I kind of hate that
the dull-gray next-gen movie wants to
know sure
it's so bland yeah very there are two
like modern militaries yeah not enough
future militaristic not enough color
though the motion-picture uniforms
they're not even uniform it's like
everybody in that movie just they wear
whatever the fuck they want like Kirk
spends half the movie wearing it looks
like a tennis outfit oh fuck you
I'm doing this I'm fucking doing this
well we're talking about this don't
figure your life expectancy it's
probably a few more decades so you might
get there
that's bridge
not the original it's two days but this
morning probably the next job okay I'll
go with next-gen but that's I think the
original might be my second favorite I
think the bridge from the movies all
look bland yeah and then some of the
later next-gen ones like the next-gen
movie bridges and the Voyager bridges
they just look too cluttered
too busy mm-hmm about the Enterprise
bridge for moving it from this
enterprise show you know what I don't
even remember what that bridge look like
I'm gonna be honest with you
I think I fucked myself with that
elevator placement but we're gonna have
to go with it no oh okay miss the Rope
that's okay I explained this regular if
you like tweaked it so you've got more
like this no no there's no tweaking now
I was really that was just the manual is
right up there was no tweak the the
weird thing with the ropes and the
ladders is your guy automatically climbs
onto it so you actually have to like
stop hitting the button stop hitting the
direction button when he clings onto the
ladder really yeah that's weird it is oh
I don't think I can count that high what
he said is everybody counted how many
times jack is down since he started
playing this level look at one of those
little clicker counters look this game
is really hard oh it's balls aren't ya
I think I've gotten through life and it
was your spelling the first two two
maybe three that it was like fuck
science fiction I don't know a lot of
science fiction to go through where you
make that determination right rubber
rubber the rubber robot costume from the
day the earth stood still at the legs
it's past for being a classic movie that
gets passed fuck fuck god fucking fuck
did you meet me Karen you could make up
some kind of grin whoo amazing story do
that and nobody would know any time
through that yeah you were you were a
rock man I was parasite well oh there we
go I went in at McDonald's and I and I
was just a little girl and I ordered a
happy meal and they said well we're out
of boy toys and I said okay and they
said well we're out of girl toys too but
we've got this and I opened up my Happy
Meal and there was rich oh my god
you'd say my dick would start so I got
I'm gonna have email which was the toy
and some big Nuggets I mean kinda love
it
kind of love it
that's a week controller you could
probably spike him it wouldn't feel it
kind of what they said you're gonna
spike your controller in a minute
oh no I'm gonna I got this I got this I
got this I got you've been confirmed as
a girl toy like this I like the images
I've seen people posted on Facebook and
the internet and whatever I don't know
whatever those sites are where it's like
we're sorry we're out of boy toys
he abducted me from McDonald's when I
was a child
Oh
doing it and doing it and doing it huh I
represent Queen she was great oh come on
there's only one Jesus he's a super rare
type yeah oh is that nerd lover oh your
nerd love killed me
what is this Crowell was very
appropriate yes it was I'm sure nobody
got it someone in the chat got it it was
like blended the line between science
fiction and fantasy and the big powerful
weapon that the guy had to get through
defeat the bad guy was just like cloth
spinning thing that he could throw and
blades and go yeah yeah yeah and then at
the end the weapon didn't work but what
killed the bad guy was was his love it's
like dams all in distress it's like the
gate where he he like his sister gave
him the Maharajah and it's like the
symbol of her long she would send the
demons at least that movie had demons
and it was a kids movie and had her
opening to hell I would add some great
little like clay monsters and giant
smoking pit in the backyard and the
telephone melting and I enjoyed it yes I
know it's called the glaive but they
don't even know what the movie was
called right so if I just said the
glaive they just would have been
confused
it's true and we would have been I had
to describe it it was necessary
I've never heard of the glaive what's a
bad movie I secretly like the Conad
reboot I can actually appreciate as a
cone a movie
really yeah the cakes a bad movie that I
like
as children's one yeah
scooby-doo on Zombie Island there's a
bad movie that I love do you love the
Scooby Doo's yeah but most of the movies
are unwatchable even for me
hi guys don't worry don't worry don't
worry about it
don't worry about it at all neverending
story is a cute movie I mean it's a cute
buddy like everybody really a guilty
pleasure no it's a classic it's like The
Princess Bride yep not a neverending
story pleasured be more like lady heart
oh my god lady hawk
yeah everyone loves ladyhawk i don't
know what you're talking about how about
labyrinth you like leverage that's not
even a guilty pleasure no that's that's
great oh I know
I think I've seen it once and I was dark
the turn Christa is overrated that goes
hand in hand with labyrinth yeah
please describe the best movie ever
I mean it's a legal month oh yeah don't
you killed my father prepare to die and
it's so goofy but man you're you're into
it when he keeps saying that over and
over them and it's yeah yeah he's about
that he's about to die you think he's
been a penny but he just he holds on to
that phrase that is mantric he's keep
saying over again over again every time
you says it he gets a little bit
stronger I can't think of any movie
that's more quotable than that except
possibly Monty Python and the Holy Grail
oh yeah ghostbusters I told about my
coworker right about the first
cross-dimensional night around with
laser lights and I said don't cross the
street oh he goes what and I said
Ghostbusters he said I wasn't born and
I'm like you weren't born and go
toasters came out yes there's a lot of
people because we're all young when it
came out
47 or something I think I think my
favorite line in ghostbusters is I'm
terrified beyond the capacity for
rational thought my favorite glass
doesn't dump at my favorite line in
ghostbusters it's if somebody asks if
you're a god you say yes but it's yeah
it's in the top three most quotable
movies that Princess Bride and Monty
Python in the Holy Grail
next game please crying faces yeah yeah
jack is obsessed jack is going to do
this and you will shut the hell up how
about that we are prisoners
you are follow we had an emulator it's
just you save Stan's snow or no I'm not
I wouldn't even if we had an emulator I
wouldn't because I'm doing this I guess
let all the lockers appeal how long does
the stream gonna be jack I don't fucking
care hours no bath robbery yes hey
Godfather a lot of people quoted I've
still never seen it
yeah you have to do something about that
one of these privately Godfather pooch
is that like it maybe you know yes
Corphish
no I made him an offer he can't refuse
okay okay
taxi driver has simply quotes sure
you're talking to me huh
Fight Club has a lot of quotes I give
Jackson sets and quotations I haven't
been fucked like that since grade school
oh god you know the original version of
that was oh yeah you told me well the
one they changed it with us worse yeah
originally she says I want to have your
abortion yeah someone that changed a die
the studio beg don't say say anything up
with that hey don't say that
and then they came up with I haven't
been fucked like that since grade school
like oh god go back up no you wanted us
to change it we changed it we did what
you since can't go back now
ah I did but then I got past the first
thing oh joy I did it where's the plan
well well I wanted now is just I want to
see as far out far I can get but I got
best the first thing I got past the
first thing I feel really proud of
myself and I'm afraid I'm just gonna now
we're just gonna see how far
yeah
it sounds getting tired of looking at
the same piles of rocks now I'm just
looking at identical sprites oh there's
like a food dragon or something in the
app those are like the level markers
Jack we're about the stage an
intervention
yeah doing how about that pull the plug
on reverse oh no no I can't do that I
might be a game I want to play you know
okay listen right now it's just right
now it's it's no death run you know sure
sure
I will I will stop as soon as I die oh
my god the flare comes back down and
kills you fuck you okay that was a flare
why are you sure flare stunned so you've
got volcanoes shooting at you at the
same time that there's a flare bouncing
off and killing you and a bat who's
shitting all over you absolutely it's a
great game is lucky usually works
spelunker no it's be lucky you know
babies I'm spelunking the most kit you
know I mean uh I've been in Mammoth Cave
and I didn't see any flares explosions
or I don't know
apparently I was wrong sir you were in
the wrong section all right well you
know what we might call man I think I
think that was a real high one
I beat spelunker which is I mean a great
thing no no I beat the whole game yes
you did if you if you beat that one
statue you beat the whole chain Oh jack
but uh that was really fun playing old
NES games and we should do that again
okay great um hey everybody why don't we
thank Karen for coming up I think bowing
but you can't see it are you done for
the night jack uh yeah I think so okay
early day that's how I think I'm gonna
be done that's fine that's fine if you
had an early day I understand mm-hmm but
uh thank you for everyone for coming out
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you tell the old subscribers and
think everyone else survivors
subscribers and the futures a party of
slip think thank you for the warm
welcome to Karen mm-hmm I haven't
clicked off yet you know I haven't
clicked it yet that's usually when it's
probably already done it by now
okay this dream is still happening well
you can you and you can you can keep it
happening oh wait okay
so the next player
