Apr 22, 2015
Dead Rising
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4754325
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4754997
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4755649
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4756257
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evOCESIExuM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7AKT6Lr2OQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31mrNgmPHhk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coNK1UvY4m4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/590965076800110592
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/591032333794344960

[Part I]
what it's quite possible right now it's
very moment
hello hello yes yes hello hello
everybody hello my baby hello my darling
hello my ragtime yeah
it all begins it all begins
oh but it doesn't all begin he didn't
tweet its hint you can't figure tweeting
out I have a great picture tweet rich is
the WB frog you're right welcome to the
Wednesday stream we finally have dead
rising up and ready to go and Jack you
have never played this game I have you
never played this game I'm a veteran is
this a classic my eyes it is but this is
considered a classic so we're gonna let
Jack play this game okay I like that um
just just for the sake of having fun I
think he's just gonna play with my fully
leveled Frank West level 50 if you want
we could try and figure out how to start
a new profile to start you from scratch
but you think it you think it'll be more
fun I think it'd be more fun just to
fuck around fully level okay it's up to
you what you what you want to do okay
hold on let me tweet first cuz you know
I can multitask
there is no towel or a headset tonight I
am using a microphone the studio jay-j
may or may not be around later yes may
or may not look at this great picture I
have - okay
and tweeting oh there's a frog what
happened oh this is a thing the place
once screams I don't little intro video
that doesn't really relate to anything
okay well then we can watch it sound is
fine great I'm hoping we we again in our
in our wonderful new tradition of being
on top of shit rich and I took some time
this afternoon to gauge our audio to
work on our lag settings so hopefully
you should be hearing both of us fine
yep it's quite possible I also worked on
our lighting oh it's the frog a zombie
frogs and sound like oh that's funny we
did we spent you're getting better thank
you spooky Dookie things are working too
well at first I'm nervous you should be
a sting glow that just means they will
fail spectacularly later that's all
right the audio pre stream was pretty
cool yeah I'm so cool I I ain't don't it
says I can tell by this game and No More
Heroes that rich likes games that are
fun and this is a very true statement is
there someone out there who doesn't is
there someone out there who like doesn't
like
I you know I can't think of the name of
the people who made it but I was gonna
just bring up the people who made the
order but I kidding all over the fucking
names
I just replayed blank I don't remember
anymore and that information has left my
brain already well there you go
oh the other thing I wanted to say is is
Bongo Doug here
oh yes my gagaga Gong Gong Gong Gong
Gong Gong Gong
ba-bang god ugh is he here the bond god
I believe after 10 months jack has
finally worked out all the bugs good
enough for government work
yeah oh no he's not here
well what I'm about a bong bong bong a
dog sent us a care package and he sent
me some beer that looks fantastic he
recommended some beer okay that somehow
made its way to me so here's me opening
the beer what this is a let's see here
urban chestnut Brewing Company urban
chestnut brewing company still IPAs
deliver as zombie is eating a family on
no striker 1 1 2 1 this isn't the first
dead rising which just happens to look
exactly like it
why would somebody see us obviously
playing a game and then ask us well this
like you said this cutscene doesn't have
anything to do with the actual game I
just that's a curious thing to me it's
just curious
yeah I know I know Capcom made this game
I'm just trying to think if we made a
different game
Thanatos 388 III couldn't think of who
made the order yeah and I don't care
anymore
I've already moved on and yes I'm very
excited about Mario Kart DLC on Friday
new maps new characters CC 200 press
third button pressing it did you did you
cut off the cutscene right before dinner
did you do it oh I thought it did end
already oh I wasn't paying attention
either I might have I'm already cold
no more Red Cow mall rat go thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true how could you not see that and
think more radical I that's what your
brain automatically wants to go there
the only reason I know is because he
yelled at me so many times because I
called them all radical but it's mall
rat cool jet oh I did cut it off right
before it ended well sorry people you
know me in cutscenes and I had finally
opened my beer I think he did that just
to be a prick no I just I just that's
how little I pay attention to cutscenes
okay so what do you me to just start to
started 72 70 armor great are you gonna
die I guess anything works too but yeah
okay so then so what has so it's gonna
just start the game new yep okay there's
a opening thing where you fly across the
town and take pictures bang and you can
skip all of that if you want yeah great
let's do that okay hit the start button
write to game rich right Diana I I know
you I know that's what's gonna happen
it'd be a different story if I were
streaming but you were other controls I
can't stop you that's not it's not like
that night worried I muted you every
time the cuts say it started no more how
do I get out of here
start button yeah I have to invert
controls
that's right mom all radical is better
than Billy hecka but it looks like Billy
heck I'm sorry bill so here's here's my
hacker here's the set up for the game or
photojournalist Frank West okay and you
hear about some kind of weird riot
that's going on and some Midwest
American town ah and you hire some guy
to fly you out of this town to see
what's going on and he drops you off on
top of this this mall that's surrounded
by a bunch of supposedly rioting people
huh
and you have you're gonna be there for
three days your helicopter is gonna come
back in three days
okay of course it's gonna turn out the
rioting people are actually zombies and
you're stuck in the zombie filled mall
for three days time of course passes
faster in the game but three days will
go by and your own abundance this is
survive three days and to be I'm mad
helipad at the end of the third day oh
okay you have a watch you can bring up
at any time it's uh I'm a d-pad Oh deep
bed left yeah great time just gonna keep
on ticking all game all right then yeah
Xena trope thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it okay Joe
spoilers much rich that's that's premise
that's not spoilers smooth that's
premise they tell you this at the
beginning of the game there's like seven
different endings you can get most of
them are variations on the same thing
there's only a few major divergences
sure
there's not much you can do up here oh I
know I'm just just farting around rich I
understand this is what I'm doing be mad
even to talk with that guy okay okay oh
did I have to talk don't have to know
your head to do anything you can just
fuck around the three days you're only
objective is to be at the helipad at the
end of three days I love that yeah
that's a great premise oh okay whatever
whatever happens from here is all up to
you you can you can partially follow the
story then say fuck it yeah do other
things okay but of course I am also
because to make it more fun for me you
have given me your 100% leveled up
character yeah yeah oh yeah you normally
you start off with a limp and you're
pretty slow and sure you only have
little four blocks of health right this
this guy right here you're using as a
tank right he's a Dead Rising tank I
like that fucking door
like there there's a whole picture leg
you notice you already got one hand on
your camera yeah like you level up by
taking pictures of interesting things if
zombies are eating somebody that's worth
more points than taking a picture of
just a zombie that's standing there oh
sure
so if you see something horrible that's
going on you could take a picture of it
or if you see like like somebody who's
just about to hug their friend they just
met up with a friend who they thought
they lost and you take a picture of that
that's worth like 10,000 points and you
let you level up that way only I'm fully
leveled so you don't have to worry about
any of that shit I'm telling you were a
completely pointless information well no
just for anyone who's playing the game
fresh yeah this is all good information
so far there is nothing oh okay you save
on the cash
these rooms are work people you save em
oh okay yeah this is basically there's
gonna be the the safehouse the safe room
Oh examine I will exempt you started to
cut soon then you're going to skip
anyway this is all pointless
he doesn't know they're zombies yet
right
what oh my god what an ugly looking man
I know deliberately they made this
character kind of a schlub I believe
their thinking was most protagonists are
usually handsome why don't why don't we
go a different direction
okay yeah that's what makes you great
looks like you got hit in the face a
couple times that's exactly what it
looks like the Cameron Mitchell
simulator no those bags were all some of
the costumes I've been locked okay yeah
oh you just you just put on the Mega Man
I know you can do whatever you want you
can go to the clothing stores they've
all just a fun time that's what I that's
what I want to do close the fucking door
it's very important to me to close the
doors
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo the way
you runs what a goof
what a goofball yeah I'm unleveled and
he's got what a wimp you skip the
cutscenes okay I did skip the cutscene
okay are you okay I haven't done
anything yet you know me it's like I'm
not shooting things Everage so not ever
yeah no it's like that's right ABCD
always be closing doors get the white
suit and white top hat all right why are
you skipping
I'm waiting for some nose because some
of them might be short okay if it's a
short cutscene it's like yeah no you
know this game is not I see if a lot of
people's like talking about how the game
looks I don't think it looks that bad
you know a little dated this is like one
of the earliest games that came out on
the 360 sure yeah it's gonna look bad
compared to something that was made
today right right good
oh my god there we go that's that's not
what matters song bees
oh my god lady Madonna puppies at your
teeth wonder how you managed to make
ends meet nice nice
we've had enough of that I understand
that's fine okay to start the game
proper they want you to help build
things in the barricade all the way on
the other end of this map there's pile
of stuff all right grab something and
then the game proper Oh kind of starts
that's a phone yeah do-do-do-do-do
okay so this is the game proper soon as
the zombies get in yeah
everybody once while discussing okay
he does he runs exactly like he has to
be how is that old lady able to push off
these young feet man she's got a safer
dog
leave her to die leave her to die she's
dumb leave her to die
that's right fuck your dog okay I don't
understand why they would reference that
in a capcom game anytime you say get
over here it's a reference okay so now I
need a weapon
yeah you do a barehanded I'm leveled up
I actually got some decent barehanded
booze oh I want a baseball bat okay
ex attack right trigger next to throw
bumpers oh my god
I am super level you are super duper
leveled up nice now can you kill all the
zombies um no more will come spawn at
the other shit right now I think you do
a charge attack at the bat too some
items have different things you do and
there's different moves I have unlock
for like a zombie on the ground you can
like its head off sure sure but I can't
save any of these people no these people
are all fucked okay okay alright so I'm
just trying to get out of here
see you later fuckers paul blart mall
part paul blart mall zombie mmm yes more
personality yeah he did like a real
person
oh oh that urban chestnut beer that's
nice yes this is this is my safe jack is
jack is a rookie yeah rich thought it
would be more fun if I got to play as a
tank yeah I don't know you can skip this
if you want how great got away people
are saying I should start from the
beginning with no unlockables you would
you would dialog I would die a lot I
think people like that do you want to do
you want to do that we could do that I
mean that was a little let's see what's
next let's just see go in the vent go in
the vent that's the way in and out of
the safehouse target yeah
shut up Otis
come in okay I know I thought Bongo Doug
was here tell me when Bongo Doug is here
to let so I can't let him know I'm
drinking some beer that he recommended
to me and certainly did not mail me and
enjoying it quite a bit
murder journalist he's not just a
photographer he's a murder journalist
that's kind of true is it murder for
zombies all the way you're baddest
flashing items only last so long before
they break oh I see a badass flashing in
the corner that means it's weak you can
ignore these people if you want what the
survivor section you're gonna as you can
to squirt them back from the safe house
or you get ignore them and just fuck
around in the ball great
I want to go fuck around in long I'm
gonna go fuck around in a moment you
could you can start hitting you can
actually I think beat him with a
baseball bat if you want this guy yeah I
want us he'll start fighting back sooner
or later but Lana's Gulf time oh excuse
me Jeff then I think you can get it if
you kill him or you can find the
sporting goods store and just grab your
own oh wait he's gonna tell me something
yeah he's gonna ask him he's gonna he's
looking for his wife can't be fine for
why he's gonna join up okay see I know
you're not interested in any of that
nope where I'm going I'm going full jack
I'm going with the flow today I
understand this is the game that you
underst can I be excused me Jeff signor
katana he joined my team or something
read my letter no I don't drink that's
why I'm not for taking
I'll get a Kilson over the Vatican I'm
gonna kill someone with a Vatican then
that guy's gonna follow you were wrong
good
zombies might eat them at some point
great don't if you don't care don't
worry I don't give a fuck about I know
you don't I'm gonna kill zone with
maghen of course you could skip this
good you don't care about the story how
many fucking cutscenes
you're right Acula I didn't even mention
that I was on the roof okay great
it's all stuff you can ignore it because
it made me drop my fucking mannequin I
got a mannequin I'm gonna be some
zombies with it somersault kick
dudududududududu very unwieldy okay you
can pick up the parts and you kind of
kick with it I want to hit song with the
hand area I give you a hand huh
slappers only love it what's in here
books books are some of the books have
different effects like some like if you
find like a hardware book that might
make like tool kind of weapons last
longer
oh sure great health book might make you
know health recovery items work better
that kind of thing I'm happy but the
cash rate is good
there we go
then right sugar will put you in a mode
where you can throw it oh oh there's my
arm I thought I lost it
you see that up at the top that's your
inventory you can switch between those
items Oh smaller things you can store
obviously the whole mannequin you can't
you can't put that in your inventory fun
how was that you Jeff you dick you dick
don't hit me with your shit Jeff get out
here you fucking it oh that's it you're
dead
you're fucking dead yes this is the
original Dead Rising with the fun
protagonist where's my arm did I lose my
fucking arm it might broke demon yeah
you know where the rest of the mattock
is Oh Jeff you dick there's different
button combos to control a buzz it well
I because I've gotten a lot of the moves
on lock it's like a movie you can just
represent fun
I need another weapon going strong I'm
gonna start Jeff don't you fucking
follow me anymore let's see what I got
here I have more bookstores oyster
oyster
sighs - cash register obviously rat
Saucer as far as subscribers we don't
have it up and running now but we have
something where we're gonna be able to
save people who subscribed and announced
them later visitor one thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do but for now we're just kind
of hoping we don't miss them in the chat
yeah yeah we we got a new piece of
software possibly uh that will possibly
help us out we we don't have it up and
running yet unfortunately oh yeah I want
more stores Jeff knock it off with your
shit Jeff where's the hardware store
that's what I meant
Oh sporting goods store oh you don't
need a door bowling ball of course you
can roll it
I would always assume you can roll the
fucking window let's see what else do I
want to hit people with the skateboard
you can ride the skateboard you can ride
this yeah okay hold on I want a baseball
bat and I want to ride a skateboard you
can also change your clothes I think
you've probably put on like some sports
stuff how do I ride the skateboard um
like that you're doing a bad job
what oh my god I alley flipped kick okay
Sami yeah my baseball bat back I like
baseball bats they're good solid weapon
yeah except for when you miss
I just hope Jeff dies I'm just gonna
leave him kind of beyond today yeah
that's fine
let's see yeah good solid weapon the
baseball you know it's surprisingly
effective what even grab diamonds out of
a diamond store just a handful some
diamonds really oh that's really funny
what's in here this is the diamond star
no my gems yeah
see what happens let's see what happens
apparently I take a picture area that
should not work that well
well I'm fully leveled oh sure I'm
inside you know I'm kind of crazy right
now yeah yeah it's a little crazy all
right
like a hold around you had to be
barehanded I forget but if you hold down
X yeah cuz I this it's the final upgrade
you can you can walk like a zombie and
blend in you had to hold on X for a
while though
sure you might have to have nothing in
your hands first otherwise scholar a
baseball bat yeah
there we go Oh oh yeah okay
oh there's also a hidden katana somebody
a champion just provided me up on top of
numbers awnings
oh okay outside of the shop so if you
want a sword yeah I want to serve it go
through the Ford there's a fork oh wait
I don't know where your kids clothes you
can't you totally can okay how do I do
that
there we go there we go there we go
y'all I'll go to the toy store
now we're gonna do some downstairs
Spencer's excuse me those you're right -
right yeah it's a big break the window
going okay know what there's a weird
thing you can put on your head I said
weird thing I can put on my head oh this
one uh yeah I think those are the
versions you can put on the zombies
heads you can put that the zombies head
there's also one you can wear like a
mask in there somewhere
we're gonna get me some orange juice
this is dumb I kind of love it
frisbees water guns yeah what I don't
know what I was expecting
I'll tell you I don't know what I was
expecting there's things in here that
aren't useful they're just fun yeah I
already Jeff yep
okay okay going upstairs we're gonna get
you some orange juice some orange juice
you need help you're getting oh my god
yeah I really am
I've been a tank you know yeah so it's
like not Karen okay where's the answers
this is why I didn't want you to start
out fresh Wow I know I know exactly
right in here go straight ahead in that
yeah and yeah you could store some and
drink some IV definitely drink some and
I'd bring more with you you can store
them so grab like four or five maybe
that's on it yep it's kind of stuck I'll
find this way eventually and now I
forget what warning it is one of the
awnings outside here like if you jump
down there's an awning it with a sword
on it maneuver the camera
I think it's on that on it yeah that
Jeff oh my god let's go fuck some shit
up ms there fall damage okay I haven't
yet actually cut them in half I mean
that's great that's great that's great
now I need a better outfit this outfits
pretty good
okay let's see here I'm sure there's
plenty of clothing stores the doors want
to swing the doors right oh yeah Oh
nightstick that's nice yeah nice sticks
not a terrible okay
you want to get into those balls I guess
we would have a pretty long way around
but there is a hardware store that's got
a big chainsaw yeah that's what we need
right because just like level one yeah
Jeff Jeff you dick okay has a knife yeah
he just dropped it
I'm understanding how this game works
okay it's funky I could see that I can
see this being a very fun
get off me dick excuse you dick
I act I have other issues with the game
but the second one does have a nice
weapon combo systems you can like
MacGyver certain items together yeah
yeah I remember hearing about that this
K this one doesn't have it oh sorry
that's all I mean that's okay
I don't blame you okay where do I go to
the hardware store you want it a movie
Peter furnace it's not too much to see
in the movie dude we just need that they
have that's not what I wanted to do with
it
I was hoping I could push it you can't
you can you can push it or pick it up if
you put it down you can probably get
behind it behind get for the ground
level first also you're just gonna fall
where you go straight forward and go
outside and leave other areas
yeah it's good other areas let's see
what's good yeah let's go to easier Park
I hope you can wear thought back I'm
sure there is
Ozzy because he left Jeff behind you
don't care obviously right he's gonna
slowly die oh great
we see his help on the top that corner
that's gonna dwindle but who cares
but yes Jeff was a prick somewhere on
the ground around here I know this is
scythe oh all right I think it's over
them damas pass I think us brothers park
benches oh oh yeah there's something
over there shut up Jeff I don't care
about you use the phone go away sick
wilderness that's a fun weapon bad
that's oh oh oh I use those use the hold
that hold it down hold X down you can
take the legs off but we can take the
rats off
yay oh not for me dick one of those um B
grabs you yeah push the stick in their
direction rapidly twice and you might
want to answer the phone just some shut
let's shut up yeah after you take this
call oh I paused it get on it yeah wait
for the call I'm sorry I gotta take this
stupid call fuck this game but this area
there's big doors that lead to other
areas in the mall okay
this wonder you're straightening
basically straight ahead and there's one
a little bit to your right okay
I think there's a hard worse erection after the one of the right
all right okay let's go to unknown right then
there's a couple hardware stores just
take the call and finish it I did
already
stupid calls get out but get off the thing get off my thing get off my thing
Jay: Walk into the room, I just hear you yelling, get off my thing.
Rich: Or you can kick a soccer ball.
Jack: I don't wanna kick a soccer ball. I got a site.
say you you save the same rules I
believe that'll saving you're entering
Jack: Shut up.
Rich: Oh, there's cars in the parking area.
Jack: Ooh, fun.
Jay: What is this game?
Rich: Dead Rising.
Jay: Is it a zombie game?
RIch: It's a sandbox zombie game, where you're in this mall and you can basically do whatever the fuck you want. Like those clothes, he put those on in a children's clothing store.
Jack: Also you might want to, uh, position your...
Jay: Oh...
Jack: Yeah. It's off right now. I will turn it on for you.
Jay: Eh.
Jack: Uh, hold on.
Jay: I don't care.
Jack: Pau-, well, you know.
Jay: Oh, my god.
Jack: I can, I can think of a couple of people that might care.
Jay: No one cares.
Jack: People want to hear what you have to say.
Rich: Oh, and they've been clamoring for you. It was, we broke their heart when you weren't here, when the stream started. Everyone was, where's Jay? Is Jay gonna show up? Oh, Jay's not here? Jay, Jay, Jay...Jay?
Jay: Why does everyone care so much?
Rich: They like you.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: Oh, they just wanna ask you when the next Best of the Worst is.
Jack: Oh...tomorrow!
Rich: That's all they want.
Jay: Anyone else in the room could've answered that. It's tomorrow.
Jack: Everyone knows the answer to that. We have joking answers.
much they like you okay
oh they just want to ask you one the
next most of the worst is wow that's
tomorrow that's all they wanted anyone
else in the room could have answered
that it's tomorrow
everyone knows the answer to that we
have joking answers about so just Jay
care about the Star Wars trilogy yeah I
think I'm actively looking forward to it
at this point
really I'm not like super excited I
don't think I ever will be again with
smartest but it looks good nice like
there it looks like they're introducing
new characters and it's not just gonna
be hey to remember this oh I didn't
think they were gonna do this star of
Lincoln High I knew they were gonna
start but I thought it I mean there's at
least from the trailer it looks to be a
good balance of old and new that doesn't
hard where store off to the rights oh
good good so there's no goal with this
game you're just there is but you can
freely ignore it okay so it's like Grand
Theft Auto then yep
are you and you're the only human no
right to your right that big soil yeah
get out of here you dick I think this
one has a sauce yay
don't get dope cake jump kick so yeah I
mean basically this you're all you're
doing is waiting for that helicopter
yeah
the you're in this mall for three days
you're a photojournalist and you go to
the port on what you think is a riot
okay and it turns out the riot is
actually zombies so the helicopter that
dropped you off on this roof in the mall
is gonna come back in three days but on
that your only real object is justify of
three days there's more more story based
things you can do to try and figure out
why there are zombies around oh who
cares yeah all right ride this lawnmower
get out of this right there on the
ground there's some chainsaw sir
yeah I don't want that I want the long
right you made it work for a second I
gotta pay yourself that's not it at all
you can even you like rush forward with
the purse all open oxide used on all the
auger can you pick it up from the side
and pull it gentle I'm not working other
boats forward that's all right oh do I
have to write triggers right the other
stick :
all right try other bunch oh I need more
ensues I need more juice
Oh am I gonna die you're close to it and
get some orange juice running away or
juice gives you trouble drink yeah
drink drink another one all right all
right
back to it where's my fucking sword
chains off she's run into people yes a
little bit fuck you I'm just running
into people
this is the place to be I always go to
the hardware store absolutely rubbish
okay let me clear out some say now if
you got like the hardware book that
changed somewhat last like three times
oh yeah okay okay oh fucking hell
fucking hell any more sticks new which
no no maybe seven I don't know
well it looks great earlier mm I need a
better weapon I need a better weapon
turn around Turin better weapons it I've
gotta find the fucking order you'll love
it fucking lawn mower work use them use
the major attack and double them oh I'm
on a shovel let's hear the shuttle does
I'll be like shovel knight okay I'm
gonna die orange juice
I'm trapped
shovel can you pick up the lawn more
from the side and use it like yeah
that's the gist of dumbest I think a
thing that would be a handgun Andy okay
profit they're pretty useless again
service sure you can aim it aim enough
you can aim it and you actually can't
aim it in get headshots oh yeah
there's a classic zombies headshots they
shut down bank or hit him with a shovel
Bank pickaxe would be for oh thank that
one just bit me in the dick
don't bite my dick sledge hammer slut in
life a slut 100 right away somewhere in
the back of the store there's the
fucking don't go to the backward jack
see you're right I know it's in here and
it's fun it really is okay pops Adam
yeah BOTS a big machine that you can
carry around and pill zombies but you're
probably gonna die probably gonna might
I really want to find food somewhere
else in the mall it's prably not much
food they have another orange juice okay
I'm just gonna look I'm just gonna grab
some more weapons really quick and we'll
go look for stuff okay about pickaxe oh
you can have an inventory it's not just
like yeah earring you can carry around
smaller things you can't like store the
lawnmower oh sure
Oh Clippers dream what I think that
happens in dental eye - doesn't it I
take hedge trimmers and I think I want
to say someone shoves it through their
mouth and then like cuts them from the
inside out yeah that's right because in
the someone else shoves a garden gnome
into the stump
haha there's like a faucet spigot - you
can jam it in their forehead and like
blocks there's all kinds of great things
you can do in this game that's great I
need more food take me to food take me
to food right should be some way around
get out of here so this were to come out
right when zombies were starting to eat
we're starting to get popular yeah mm
yeah this was part of dawn of the Dead
remake was 2004 and that's what kind of
that and 28 days later kind of kicked it
off this was this would have added to
the over saturation of zombies if you
keep following this path I think you're
gonna run to the grocery store all right
monk this was not a oh oh no no that
someone
oh that you know what I was doing I was
trying to blood-borne roll you can oh
yeah you can climb up on those
scaffoldings to skateboard tricks okay
skateboard tricks at some point there's
a motorcycle skateboard tricks oh that
guy can blow CDs around I bought one CD
in the lab they're laid to store this is
where I wanna be
well that's convenient
oh you mean it's not one to hit kill
okay some weapons are somewhat than done
right here gonna die oh my god whoa
what did I just do you just jumped at
the camera where's um this big sore
sword on that that back wall no no
that's your gonna know straight on that
it's in that little thing on the right
do you write nothing oh no no not that
wall not the big wall right there right
there oh my god
yeah that works pretty well
think you can grab multiple ones of this
let's do that okay left yeah big door
there you go oh I don't need to break it
I can just go yeah we might want to save
at some point unless you don't mind just
starting from the top I mean we haven't
done anything I know just we'd have to
kiss skip a bunch of more cutscene right
exactly
great okay okay okay yep yeah jump on
the way or something
Oh God how do I eat the stuff grab it on
the shelf
and eat eat eat cookies cookies keep
eating until you get fat there's some
Milka on that bad boy which like the
orange juice eels for for the snacks on
they do water yeah that's okay that gave
me something that gave me some wiggle
room right there leave somewhere these
swords nope oh no man you're good I'm
trying to kill him with yogurt oh no I
lost my sword
great thanks it's to encourage you to
just grab whatever is nearby oh okay
okay okay we need something better than
snacks milk or orange juice or meat well
there's meat but meat if you I think
after a while meat goes bad
oh sure there are a lot of zombies in
here what what oh I keep forgetting of
that I need to like change back to my
weapon
okay we need orange juice orange juice
French bread why you beat the zombies
with French bread I don't remember ever
doing it but I wouldn't put it past them
just bludgeon him with a baguette no oh
I bet ahead with the milk
don't ever give your milk was worth it
nope not this weapon not this weapon
hold it down and this is long sweet Oh
works dude fuck fucking fuck get off my
dick
rich is this game difficult or is Jack
just bad at it oh there we go yes looks
like gonna be frustrating
okay here yeah okay now I want to go
back to that sword store no I need more
milk any more milk to be fair I don't
think this is a particularly easy
section of the mall well this there's so
many yeah oh my god and you can't clear
them out that's this yeah the the
upsetting thing for me is that you can't
why is that upset because I want to
clear them out I want to like and then
the game's boring yeah I want to defeat
the level and then you know just reap
the rewards okay there we go I got some
I got a couple things in milk now you're
asking for the game to be boy oh you
know I'm asking for something that the
game it's not anti-tank nope nope how
did I not die I'm up to that climb up
the shelf you can climb yes you'll climb
up things what I get smoked nope okay
get out of here nope no my drink
stop you're gonna milk sinner man says
rich gave jack oh no cinerender will
said that something else said that I
said that nonetheless thing right okay I
just the way the things going rich game
jacket Inc and Jack drives him like a
gold phone yep I don't know what's going
on on this sword again that sort of was
awesome it magically came back got more
than one if you like it read more than
one can you yeah it goes in your
inventory that's not realistic you're
now out of things to store your full
that's my but you got a shitload a swore
I have all these sword that sorta was
the best weapon because it could swing
really fast and did lots of damage and
now I can go back and like fill up the
rest of my slots with milk if you can
find oh it's night okay there's not me
to get more difficult no and Jesus of
course they do
okay my sword I don't remember if you
have to do the first story mission to
unlock the the other section small do
you always have that camera yeah cuz
your photos photojournalist temperature
picture taking is an aspect of this game
wow you find a survivor and like the
zombies start eating them yeah you can
take pictures and get like points you
get points for violence you get points
for pictures being sexy you know all the
normal zombie thing oh yeah
no survivors that are sexy it's not all
zombies Oh humans
I'm here from milk like if you move the
camera and take a picture of the the FBI
ladies cleavage yeah you know aim the
camera downer the top I'll get like
points for that and that's that you love
a lot but just I'm so there's no point
to using it right now just need milk
okay I have milk and its tenth fours
so now we can fuck shit up and who the
fuck keeps calling me
Otis he annoys everybody fuck you Otis
get off my shit are we wrong about um
what do you wonder how onek all the
zombies falling off the scaffolding oh
go down go down that area section with
stores look at this thing what is that
what not moving forward
I don't know if you can really hear it
right now Jay but there is there is
music playing in the ball is there let's
be really faint like it I can hum it do
you think that would help dead under
done done okay pour beer it might not be
playing in that section I don't know
there is there is definitely music no I
hear it here yeah
pause it different areas might have
different music - yeah what is that
urban chestnut Brewing Company is this a
prereq subscriber this is a prereq
subscriber he's also a patreon hoarder
oh yeah see son he sent a bottle of wine
as well thank you very much Bongo
ba-bong Oh Doug oh maybe Bongo Bonga God
Oh God Doug well whatever your name is
thank you
we very much appreciate it okay slice
okay okay what's in here Oh a bouncy
house can I go about this can you stab
it and delete it no sorry
we think of these things everything else
you see that one zombie was carrying
around an arm no no yeah
see what's the humor clothes I want I
want a different clothes I've been
wearing little boy clothes for a while
go go the pawn shop
well not that was close put on what a
dress yes they put on a dress let's see
whose shoes of a lifetime sure no
zombies in there they don't care they
don't care about shoes there you go oh
this looks like a nice outfit oh it's a
oh come on I want to wear the outfit
he's gonna train the trainer maybe let's
got me something we should probably
close the fucking door
my close the door was it matter have you
guys considered playing the last of us
we've considered it and we've rejected
the notion we're not we're not worried
we knew can we apparently all so we can
no longer talk about that game as it
reeks of controversy I can't wait don't
try that one try the other that's that
hanger and that one too yeah the one oh
wow that's like a hanger store what
about those move tables anything on
those tables there's gotta be something
you can wear on there I mean I'd be sure
he's a point of the store if you
couldn't hangers probably you can grab
hangers oh there you go
the close icon there you go
does he make a sexy little face dance
well you know what we need to do now
find some sensible shoes that was weird
boots
oh great boots boots boots boots boots
boots boots shoes shoes shoes shoes
she's rich yeah how do i thing I don't
know it just might not be anything in
the store well you know that's a useless
fucking store nothing's in my size get
to like sit on the couch no okay all
right everyone we need different shoes
these shoes do not match this dress oh
whoa how did I do
I found the jump oh there's a dodge they
don't actually come in handy you get
five figure out into that you didn't
double first on hey I think
I didn't I have no idea how I did that I
don't think I touched anything rocket
get on that thing yeah how do I go
nothing um you can get your innards I
think it's on the other side there's a
stir leading up to that big blue thing
in the room Oh dick shoes shoes shoes
shoes shoes shoes huh yeah well because
the shoes I have on do not go with my
outfit that looks like a pretty dress
why are there just guns laying
everywhere uh cops Oh better okay switch
back to the one you were wearing last
night oh my god stop dancing he's into
it no I like this red dress okay red red
red dress ring is it that pink is just
like that
you know we'll talk about daredevil
later well oh yeah full spoiler Laden
thing we're we're gonna end the stream
with a full daredevil spoiler fest
because rich and I really want to talk
about it and we know people probably
haven't stay together yes have you both
watched the entire series yeah

[Part II]
Dick's okay I got all these swords I
kind of want some more swords I don't
see any shoes put the shops meats and
shoe shops can I get me shoes is that a
thing bitch what shoes I know you can
wear your shoes I want my shoes
let's go up here with all these zombies
maybe they know where the sales are my
last sword you're injured
did you know we're not allowed to know
that's that's why we can't talk about it
anymore
zombie cops hey zombie cops shoes here's
here's enough here's the thing yeah I
hate console chores hate them I hate
anything shooting with a gamepad huh
there's like one major exception with
vanquish and yours is kind of okay let's
go there's a zombie in the way he's
blocking it
there you go yeah how do I not have milk
is that all you have left that's all I
have left how do I like unequip the milk
the rocketeers relate to say on equipped
amount never mind I figure like why do
you care about us playing the last of us
so much why is it even important rich
the last time we talked about this there
was a hundred comment reddit thread
talking about a weapon oh my god there's
so many zombies the thing that what
people were upset with was our us being
dismissive of it mhm
even though it looks like something we
wouldn't we wouldn't necessarily not
enjoy but because we were dismissive of
it people people didn't like that war
thee shootin no these are purses purse
you think yeah one doesn't go with that
dress check well that does not match at
all no it doesn't match but you know
what maybe like it's the same no I can't
take that you know like it's very
striking doing the the the blueness of
the purse really makes a dress stand out
good thing you're not a lady
no I would not be a very coordinated
lady cuz we have to give it a shot we
have to try every game that ever comes
out even though that would cost hundreds
of thousands of dollars you can't make
an informed decision based on gameplay
trailers and everything you can't you
have to play everything ever oh my god
she's biting my dick again your dick
which this is there are more important
things like zombies biting my dick
you can run out of stamina like do I
need to rest is that what that is yeah
you look at you're out of breath usually
when you get lower at health I think you
do that no I think I'm fine I have milk
milk there we go get my purse back all
right oh my god so many zombies pardon
me
you'd walk along their heads but they're
so long for that if I could climb up and
stay up there I love it I love it
anymore thwarts to do our duty to do
hittin Bebo with my no Jedi I told Jack
to fight a psychopath but I think the
only one he can oh there's one other he
could find but that's kind of he would
just die instantly the psychopath is
that like a super zombie well the boss
fights are zombies the boss fights are
people who've lost their mind during the
zombie race
okay like right now if you go to the gun
store the owner is gonna be freaked out
and you're shooting but if you killed
him free guns yay shotguns you just pick
up load up on shotguns but he's hard to
kill oh yeah and I can tell you where he
is but you would die hahahaha
that's probably true then there's a
story-based fight like you follow the
arrow then tell you the story
missionaries there is a guy you can
fight I'd show him Adam but I don't
think Adam is available to see you look
cleaver stop must dick zombies why do
the ladies go for my dick I think oh you
can shave your head in here you see that
clothe them in the back corner Oh
that'll be like me yeah
nice okay I'll take it no thanks okay I
got all right all right all right I'm
loaded up on katanas again where do we
go now
well do you want to see the shotgun
going yeah I was gonna show you this all
right you're gonna die
well sure you want to let's find a safe
go on the I think it's safe in the food
store
well the grocery store okay we're saving
bad news you're gonna find it
I should practice some milk too actually
don't know there's not same in here
there's a safe in that big area you came
from go out here cuz we're gonna save
them no it's that's smart fine I'll save
it a smart fuck no all right straighten
up yes straight like a head go into that
that area with a big the big inflatable
thing you wanted to pop oh I need to get
back there okay I just I get some more
milk
you can't I'm like in this Kitana
it means Japanese sword you know sky
dandy thank you for subscribing we've
really appreciated it's true many a map
it'll show you or this too but you see
it's like oh you can go in there have
washrooms night I think it's right in
there yeah oh great I think you can save
in the men's or the spicen you know we
are wearing a dress so I think and I
doubt there's anyone in there that you
can embarrass so
oh thanks that Oh what happened oh the
lights go off yeah spooky but you're
safe right yeah okay okay and I we're in
here someplace maybe try it I don't
remember nothing
answer the phone rooms just so he stops
I'm sorry I tried you got it yeah you
gotta face the cold he'll do the whole
call again okay great yeah you go do
that
okay I'll go get some milk and then
we'll go fight the shotgun guy tonight
the lights go off no ooki you guys im so
spooked Rayna I'm like super spoon can
you get a feel for how fast time moves
in the games three days ago what is this
those are like pictures that's a
survivalist that's big that's probably
in my photo oh my camera
does that game actually came out before
camera phones big but that's get us
saved in my digital camera rich takes
pictures of the ladies
grocery store that's a bonus thing to
get for sale is a sexy picture she she
does she poses a lot and get a lot of
points taking pictures of her doing sexy
poses miss thanks
stock up on Ford's I am doing that right
now okay first thing we want to do is
get rid of our purse we don't need our
purse and we don't need the cleaver
Khatami should you like the maybe once
you know the katanas are nice the
katanas are a little faster yeah but uh
you know what why not have both sure cuz
we can here let's drink this milk and
we'll get three of those guys now get
four milks sword sword sword sword sword
Thord it helps if you say that shocking
going well I won't milk first Oh rich
are you like it again yeah it's fun IIIi
think this is not a game I would play
for a long time because the you know
clearing a level is that is something
that's very important to me in games
well you're supposed to rescue people
and take these calls right and that's
the challenge part of this I mean you're
kind of just goofing off which is fine
oh sure but like but I mean you're not
really playing the game bro right I'm
gonna grab the challenging aspects of it
no and I'm not I'm not being harsh on it
I'm just saying like
okay you could jump up there
Oh fun yeah oh no no and like the same
goes by the way for Grand Theft Auto mmm
like Grand Theft Auto is not a game that
I could play for a long time at a
stretch because there was just too much
fat and about you know not saying it's
bad thing just not necessarily my face
so many of the chat is saying Dead
Rising 2 is better Dead Rising 2 is
nerfed you have all the time in the
world to do everything and there's none
of the challenge to it know that like I
love this game because you're not
supposed to do everything in one run you
can if you're exceedingly good you're
not really supposed to do you want want
to fight strong a guy over I don't know
if the other things available yet yeah
that's a second guy okay other end of
this kind of kind of by where the
hardware store was oh yeah take his call
that might be for the other just take
for fuckin if I take its call I can
I might slice out it might lead to
something fun oh if I take his call
though I can't fight zombies
zombie zombie The Rocketeer
I am never trying the last of us because
you keep inviting me about I am never
ever going to play it and it's
specifically because of you I never
played it when it first came out because
every trailer it looked like a fairly
dull game that might have the most
sophisticated schmaltzy story attached
to it I don't care it looks like a game
that doesn't know if it's a shooter or
still don't care I just don't care
the game didn't make me care and I don't
I'm never gonna play stop asking
JP shut up for another rich Evans is
being negative 300 common thread on
reddit I don't care if that's all
they're complaining about then I don't
care that's not all I complain about but
that was that was the that was the
impetus of it yes I've already
apologized to everybody on a previous
room for sarcastic things I've said I
actually I have done that but this guy's
kind of being a jerk
weird owner and I don't care if I offend
him oh uh straightforward that way where
you're looking
keep following this wall around mr.
little little fall wait we can go down
keep going I'm almost out of swords
exactly where this little while sleep
where's the sword rich don't just run
past them and pass them keep there's
gonna be like tear right there's going
to be some kind of hallway and it might
be right I think it's right around that
dumpster yeah there is
oh oh I see okay
so this is a crazy guy in here look I
like how I'm still my dress and shaved
head well that's what you did you got
closer I'm sure I'm sure I died
is it just because he's aggressive with
shooting or what yeah charge them and
I'm gonna have to get better at jumping
out of the way you can flee at any time
by the way I say we said you can kind of
take cover behind those maybe you just
running straight cutter you're done well
suppose it's nothing that's not how you
do other bums move the stick and hit the
button Cletus to shot the shit out of
you
Cletus goddamn it commit seein 120 we
did get the copy of Demon Souls yes
thank you very much we just got it today
I can't Jack is super excited I do I
want to play that well uh we should we
should probably play it on stream that
was that's an early game from the people
who made blood-borne I'm looking at it
right now it was the best game of 2009
that was 15 years ago no no
no that's not how that's not how time
works Oh
drop that oh no I want to milk milk
drink milk
why fucking so he stops he's gonna keep
cuz for everything he wants to call but
he's gonna keep calling unto you - how
can I call the space rider rollercoaster
is going out of control
wait should I go see what's check it out
ok I think that's this way I know that's
this way any stairs dude - oh it's out
it is out of control that's crate busy
how do we fix that I don't know okay
stairs are behind you all the stores are
behind you Oh
yep you're right you're right where all
the zombies go there here is sleeping or
maybe because it's a UH maybe because
it's like a mission they they findout
the zombie so I could be the mission
does that what happened rich do they fit
out the Sun every day obviously did the
might they fed out the zombies so you
can do the mission here's the thing
here's the thing I found a thing it came
out twelve years ago I'm sorry what what
what all right this is freaky shit
I too all its everyone who's listening
I'm watching in shock and horror mouth
of Gabe and Rich's smile Oh actually but
that's a good theory the rides going
crazy so the zombies are gone okay I
don't want to stop it mr. clown you're
right let's keep it let's keep it going
forever mr. clown when I still don't
know oh you think you would have thought
that would have killed him when he
guards he might break your weapons so be
careful by him holding his gaga I really
want to figure out how to dodge roll
right double tapping the different
bubbles I forget what's one of the
stairs difficulty you have to be facing
a direction where you doing took your
cages you standing still all right I'd
be
Jesus ah
no none of these none of these things
work oh my god he throws knives at me to
drink it oh you drink it all because
remember I saved oh my god wow sounds
gonna kill you I mean that's very likely
oh that seems looking this thing Oh
oh my god you have to double click down
on the stock a wild movie I don't think
it's a double click on my feet one click
or a double tap I think it's a double
tap
that ball is very ah will explode and
stun you yep if you have a gun you can
shoot it while he's blowing it up he
will be stunned but you don't have a gun
but unless you grab one of the ones the
cops drop
oh you're gonna you need to find I think
there's some snacks behind the counter
in the books long yeah bookstores the
other way I like the fake prodigy music
right you're the firestarter wait kid
firestarter open the box
Jesus nope there's juice in the box
fuck this is fucked what if I'm milk and
try that again okay okay I'm with it I I
can do I can do this we need milk we
Ford the milk there's like I think
there's like stock music that you guys
use all the time that's like the fake
Prodigy's song oh there's a like a like
a iMovie
yeah golden yeah he's in a while we've
started to use less of the odd the
cheapo iMovie music finally you go to
the grocery store yeah yeah
I like that zombie that's chasing you
okay you know what it is classic classic
zombie thorn Oh mister forward toward
the word you know how the best zombie is
as far as like posture ER and like the
way they walk his fly boy at the end of
Dawn of the Dead when he turns into the
zombie the elevator doors open he's got
like the gun angling hanging off his VP
and oh I can't I can't picture it yes
the best posture huh
oh I do I haven't oh that's right
no I see you drop the first drink the
milk
drop the knife that swords almost dead
so I can drop that sword and get a new
thorn toddler says he drags his foot the
entire time J yeah he's got one foot
that's dragon he's got the gimpy hand
with the fingers or the going to barely
hanging on his fingers it's perfect
he's the perfect zombie oh well there
you go
I have seen Donovan ed listen we've all
seen Dawn of the Dead it's just been a
while it's been it's been long enough
where I can't remember how a specific
zombie acts it's been long enough we
have to qualify which one we're talking
about right the real one the only yeah
dead actually decent it's it's fine it's
it's a decent action movie it's whore of
an action movie than any supporter
there's no depth to it
doesn't have the heart of the original
movie but there's an action movie it's
fine zombies
this is coming out just full okay two
more swords now Jay you did you give up
on walking dead or do you still watch
Walking Dead I know I now watch Walking
Dead but please don't spoil uh cuz one
of these days I'm just gonna have like
well no I've gone past the first season
either but I'm wondering like I'm
starting to think about getting back and
do it and trying to watch it you should
it does get better the second and almost
the entirety of the second season is a
god office long yeah that's what I've
heard and I I was getting bored by the
end of the first see yeah so if you mean
make it through the second season the
third season is awesome and then and and
then it's good that it's just
consistently yes and I never made but
the best zombie movie in recent years
yeah yes the pilot it's really good yeah
I was so excited cuz I watched it and I
was like holy shit this is a TV series
like this is gonna be on weekly yep and
then by the end of the first season I
was so bored yep
it gets so much better once super
excited to see Michael Rooker show up
but then he's only in like one episode
I guess he comes back comes back he
should be the lead I don't care about
that guy you should Rick Grimes great
Rick just
scheisse Mel wants to know J what did
you think of the Tom Savini remake of
Night of the Living Dead oh it's okay
that's all I got
so bad why is it the Tom Savini remake
and not the George Romero we made
directed directed it did he I thought
that was at the primer did it no he
wrote it Oh
directed it I'm just wrong yeah yeah
it's okay
it's you know they cut out all the gore
it got censored horribly by the MPAA
I like Tony Todd nut I know I can't
stand the term Return of the Living Dead
yeah but the punk-rock zombies they knew
these amazing to watch it again oh my
god a long time subsea oh I remember
being annoyed by Briggs that's the movie
that started that though No Return of
the Living Dead is amazing you have to
watch it as a comedy of course zombies
always used to freak me out I think the
most horrific concept I could think of
movies oh sure and walking corpses Karen
always likes to tease me about that by
saying Briggs no it was entirely
different pieces from the shock yeah
exactly
that was doesn't count she will totally
belittle me thinking zombies are kind of
freaky the other concept is create if
you have oversaturate to the point where
people don't even like to think about
sure what it actually is anymore but no
the idea of zombies is horrifying I
think basically instantly does it
doesn't it did I know I was but he's
sorry knives it worked
oh fuck you connect see in 128 store hey
J I just saw the 1976 assault on
precinct precinct 13 and holy shit
is it amazing yes it is I actually saw
that for the first time last year I was
one of the only carpenter movies I'd
never seen pick up the factory blu-ray
yeah it's really really high I haven't
seen it what's the premise it's it's
it's kind of it's like Rio Bravo meets
Night of the Living Dead
there aren't zombies in it but there's
people trapped in this old police
station that's been closed down and it's
just like this this gang of punks
outside that arataura I think I'm trying
to get out so it's like a siege movie
basically it's really really good it's
great cattle the story you dick Oh
Rising Sun says rich did you play Red
Dead Redemption undead nightmare if so
what did you think
I think undead nightmare might be the
best zombie game of her life oh whoa
huge huge open world Wild West Lumbees
okay he's got a very zombie movie filled
with me and then it's just so desolate
and depressing oh yeah yeah
you're so lucky you're probably what my
tank yes
oh I would be so very good this is why I
wanted to do that ha ha ha and I
appreciate not my orange juice that
won't help me so why is Jay there we go
oh I got him because I'm playing with
the level of tank oh god he's still
laughing oh that's beautiful
god bless this game for thinking of that
and so then so then so you can pick up
his chainsaw now fuck yeah I think that
will always spawn there also you can
stop the ride and you can save a guy I
know you don't care about rescuing him
but he does unlock a handy shortcut okay
if you manage to save him
but just a guy on a ride I was on this
ride when the zombies attacked
he's pretty fun at first rich which
open-world game do you like the best
i I think grand theft auto san andreas
is still the best one ever made GTA 5
might might technically be as big I
don't think it feels as big though I
mean those three cities
everything's podunk towns so does Greg
follow me now yeah okay yeah oh Jesus
Christ
Table one where he wants to go he'll
take you to one of the best shrimp
that's like we're getting around you
might want to avoid going outside wait
am i following hammer is he following me
okay okay what I will I see yeah I'm
coming oh sorry I sliced you oh did you
see what was that that thing that's an
PPE over son yeah
that stands for prestige points that
means he's doing like a gesture to you
okay and if you take a picture one
that's going on you get a lot of points
it's a drama because he sees way to come
this way he's doing a thing oh I get you
high let's go
that's cool
but I'm what I'm imagining right now is
whoever the writer of this game is on a
computer or maybe you would say you know
maybe a pen and paper we don't now wrote
down then the clown with - chainsaw
falls down I can saws and his guts spew
everywhere and it's totally awesome and
he laughs yeah talk to him you just
caught him you could but your blade is
right on it now on that that corner you
like there's like a ceiling tile you can
crawl up in it takes you to the area you
start off at oh I see okay
so just walk into the corner and there
should be an option to take the shortcut
oh my god sorry great egg somewhere
around there Greg I'm told you might
want to save to while you can okay also
you see that that backup for bread that
just turned yellow yeah yeah that's
that's one of the main story missions I
know you you're gonna ignore it you can
but I said times starting to run out
that's why it turned yellow uh I'm with
you yeah back up for Wadden for Brad
turn down for what
yeah what dude dude dude Jack are you
familiar with deadmau5 yeah I've never
listened to deadmau5 until yesterday
shut up I'm a Pandora yeah I like it
yeah it's not the kind of thing I would
think they would like but it's it's
great music to listen to in the
background one color grading space cop
agreed it's it's you know I find dubstep
in general to be very good mindless
music yes
also why aren't you using the chainsaw
you just got because it's fantastic
I did I did it's the best weapon in the
game all great get going on the won't be
the corner for the sick can I go pick up
more chainsaws I can change clothes
should be that Corner's enough can you
talk to me why is there not opening up I
want to go see if I can pick up more
chainsaws if you leave the area and come
back
did I leave about what my saving did I
do that you have to yep they'd get to a
loading screen oh maybe I doubt it I'm
some phone
says do you think open-world games
shouldn't come with us with solid
storytelling instead this is just what
you have fun doing anything no reason
the candy bowl like this I think then
rising as a solid enough story but as
you can see jack is ignoring it yeah
he's having a blast it's almost as if
the game likes to let the players choose
what kind of experience they're gonna
have which is what a good game should do
because both rich and I are very
different game yeah and that I love just
farting around obviously if I were
actually playing the game I would want
to follow the story just so I could
complete objectives and whatnot because
I do like that kind of stuff but uh I
would not follow it as closely as rich
would yeah see that clown by the way was
totally right like all these zombies are
back now yeah but you didn't rescue the
person that stuck on the ride I suppose
and there were some bloody dolls who
find that were children Oh God
yeah but he but he did keep the zombies
away wasn't gonna chainsaw there yeah I
got it okay I'm gonna go back and get
another one
you can also find the books that make
the chainsaw last longer I think there
might be one find the books that's not
that's the first that is not a bookstore
huh
find the books that make the chainsaw
last no find the books that make up
chains I'll learn
Belmont says because you guys like oh
okay oh sorry I in the face I just
thought you're dudes they are dudes sure
its neck because you got like horror
movies I'm wondering what you think of
the phantasm series and did you know
they were making a new sequel oh yeah I
like the phantasm movies the only one I
really really like is the second one but
I like the the kind of surreal nature of
them
I love the balls that fly around with
the spike things yeah well everybody
does that's why they made them a bigger
part of the second movie yeah no they
have this coin dreamlike quality I like
angus scrimm is a tall man it's got good
elements the third and fourth wonder
kind of cheap and I saw the trailer for
the fifth one and it looks really cheap
so those purple icons are the books you
can grab one of them is like criminology
into the game oh my god oh my god this
is not a one of them one of them
skateboarding that's not what you want
that'll make the skateboard last longer
if you want to play with the skateboard
somewhere though oh my god what is the
chugga-chugga-chugga no I don't know
probably fine once we can load a new
area does it follow that that pink icon
I'm going to eat some mappers gonna dig
the net ball get done the boat oh I have
orange juice I don't need these fucking
apples the deep banana boat method can I
drop this but I already read this on
Gemma can I drop it now yeah that's only
useful for saving those two Japanese
tourists because they don't speak
English these guys right here
yep there you a criminology you know the
one that you hacked in the face now you
see in your inventory yeah little pink
book icon next those are the items that
the book help makes last longer right
okay okay so your swords will last
longer and your chainsaw the last longer
because you have the the criminal book
you have to keep that your inventory
though oh oh okay that's good to know
but everything's gonna last twice as
long that is affected by that book I'm
gonna get more thorns if you Chicka
Chicka
there's too many zombies and then
there's like another there's another
like hardware book yeah that will make
the chainsaw last even longer this is
this is not OBS everybody who's watching
the game chub right now this is the
actual Xbox that we are playing on
chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga choo
choo fractal Packard says previously
recorded live is currently me well how
does one most viewed channel on twitch
which I find a shocking look like we're
number 101 of course like the number one
most viewed channel probably has like
like 700
thousand people watching League of
Legends what's the number one streaming
channel streaming right now League of
Legends is my guess
also get on the boat
I mean that's great that's great we did
it everybody we did it we made it 200
101 now in my heart though we're 99 oh
thanks Jay done and done
banana boat banana song you never heard
the banana and get it done dev boat no
wonder we're only a hundred and one
you've never heard the Banana Boat song
who doesn't it's I think it's I think
it's a commercial for banana boat Sun
screen I don't know it's not a song it's
a jingle it's a song that's just a song
for a commercial get on a boat someone
find the YouTube video I guarantee they
don't sing it like that you know the
boat banana boat get on your bitch it's
waiting for you Jack do you care at all
about the new Star Wars Battlefront game
oh did you hear I heard there I know
they're making one my saw trailer right
no no no no hear at all because the
multiplayer focus Star Wars game I I
really enjoyed the battlefront games I
thought they were really cool yeah you
know you get to play in battles from the
Star Wars universe that's really fun you
get to G be a bunch of different classes
you could play as the the rebels or the
Empire's very strong single-player
component it's I mean though the
original one version was only
single-player and then the Call of Duty
for Star Wars no they were well kind of
that's what like battlefront 2 and stuff
was or maybe for PC i had it for ps2 so
i have to imagine this with the new ones
gonna be here's here's the other thing
big news came out about
a new one it's being made by EA and dice
so already a Star Wars from games
license right so there we go
James oh okay Sears here's the thing
when it comes to Sorrows I'm more of a
truckie right I don't get super hyped
about the Star Wars stuff no and I think
we always the occasional thing I love
fire I love to shit on night games but
in general yeah it's fine and all of us
have always said like the movie is our
what we care about like we don't care
about the expanded universe at all you
know yeah the three movies that there
are cuz there are only three Star Wars
movies possibly a fourth one coming
possibly a four forcibly oh yeah yeah
we'll see now I'm just gonna fuck around
for one side so here's the thing about
the battlefront games EA announced that
it is that battlefront games are going
to be multiplayer online only which is
fine for me because I like multiplayer
online on the shooters and it's only
shipping with four playable planets
which is basically them just saying a
heads up there will be microtransactions
in DLC coming right away yeah all the
all the game footage they shut off is in
game engine only so like we have no idea
what its gonna look like
basically it's probably gonna be a
crappy game filled with
microtransactions or it might even so
when you say only four planets does that
mean like eventually they'll be expanded
but is this like are they trying to do
this to rush it out before the movie
no no they're the the big thing oh no
you Tanaka not you Tanaka no Jay you
Tanaka so a big thing a big way games
are making money now is
microtransactions oh oh did you hear
that which I was coming to Wisconsin I
did hear it was also his birthday
recently Wow he's 70 that fucking guy is
definitely somebody good Dilys 95 that's
true
might be race he'll he'll look like he's
57 will be Olivia look at gray in his
hair any case all it means is that the
game will be ready and then possibly on
launch day there will be dlc to buy more
- okay in a waiting game everybody's
excited to play the game and then they
just buy all sorts of shit well they're
playing the game yeah oh oh I love the
game I won't play new Maps
yeah and back back in the good days of
gaming you would get all the maps right
from the start
okay but now you'll pay full price for
the game and then have to pay extra for
content that Omega should have shipped
that should have shipped with again I'm
gonna go in the pool that doesn't sound
like a good deal
nope Thanatos 3 and it says rich this is
why people calling you stupid know about
a game before judging it why do people
get mad when I just don't care about the
things that they want what I just don't
hit that it's not that you don't care it
you make lots of speculations with no
information you've already been proven
wrong about the first was that start
worst game you're just talking about
battlefront no front the first one yeah
battlefront had a single-player
component so a strong one though or just
you to play some of these bad
today I going on I mean you could play
all of the maps in single-player only I
think I only play Star Wars Battlefront
single-player oh it's still like it's
still a shooter you know with the
controller which I know you don't shoot
her with a controller in a universe I
don't look right I'm not hyped about it
right you can love it that's fine you
don't the call be stupid because I'm not
interested that's not that's the real
thing is is which is just not interested
and basically maybe the moral of the
story rich is if you're not interested
just be again that's kind of what I did
yeah
a little more I don't know it's it's a
tricky thing I don't know if I
understand it what do I know you can't
go outside
oh yeah just like a park area and it's a
rather large park area in the middle of
the mall but oh my god I mean Sophie was
over here Sophie yeah I want to save a
Sophie
this is what is this BC boy says so
early 2000s in Pima yeah but it's on the
PC I don't care about Star Wars I don't
want to see The Hoff battle again in a
game yeah but you get to do the hospital
I really Oh hold hands
oh where am I supposed agree the safe
house
where's the safe house I'm walking it's
in one of these doors been paying any
attention to you see what I did a
reference to location and more I'm not
holding your hand anymore lady means
shot at mugger if you can kill those
guys in the Jeep you get that guy my gun
what you can't jump on the you know
Wayne has a drive-by
get the drivers than the other deities
stationary Oh also don't get hit by the
car okay you know what that's fair
that's fair I shouldn't guessing Oh also
don't kill so well pluck Sophie I want
that Gatling that Gatling gun is way
more important than Sophie Oh dick
where'd you go
dick
all right in the water huh so he's like
come back so if he's like uh weren't you
protecting me and my bitch there's a
Gatling gun over there you know what I
need some juice I want to drink my juice
Oh didn't help oh it's a better way to
do this can you just run flee nope oh
somehow don't die just get the fuck out
of there I killed one of them if you can
get out find a car you might be able to
ram them until they die pretty good
that's pretty good get a car yep there's
a parking garage somewhere in that open
area look again oh my god yeah I'm sorry
I was owned for a second eyes owned for
one exactly one second was a strikes a
Sophie's Choice and Jack chose the
Gatling gun yeah would anyone that
between a girl and a Gatling gun I think
it's it's clear it's clear 100% clear
all time Gatling because the Gatling gun
means you can save more ladies later if
you think about it and you run into lots
of ladies in life and rarely encounter
Gatling guns you know what Jay speaks
truth
it's me and you two all right
do-do-do-do-do-do I don't care about you
guys I just want this book so Jen you
saying that I judge that game without
knowing much about it right have you
never done that with a movie are you
gonna tell me you've never done that
with any movie um I'm not gonna say I
don't do it with movies but I I will you
I will not say I'm not gonna see this
movie because it's this I will say that
movie doesn't look like something I'm
interested in I've heard the discussions
where we're gonna do such a--such in
half in the bag because it's probably
gonna be horrible and we'll be able to
rip it apart yes but we Harvey no no I
yes but I'm not gonna say like I'm not
going to see that movie because I know
it's this well that's the difference
I'll say this movie looks hilarious Lee
bad let's go see it I think there you
still might a judgement about something
that sure I made a judgement I've said
it looks like this but you tend to be
more along the lines of I don't want to
play that because it's this this this
does it looks like this that's nice I
think I think there is a small
difference in games versus movies where
games are a bigger time investment yes
true with with a movie whether it's bad
or expensive yeah whether whether movies
bad or good you you got an hour and a
half maybe two hours right a game you're
talking you're talking 20 40 hours for a
good news oh sure yeah that's 60 bucks
that's 60 bucks oh my god how do I do
that
I forgot how I did it all right so I
think there is a little bit of a
difference you know the devil I'm just
devil's advocating here
not advocate that came out wrong you're
advocating the devil I understand what
you're trying to say yes my game
devil movies you know think how many
movies is the devil oh my god how many
who's out a devil and the devil's things
devil's advocate that's what I was
thinking about with Al Pacino over
acting up a storm it's great when does
al pacino not make me a movie in which
he tones it down I think that's his
shtick haven't seen it along sounds I
don't think he's overacting and Dog Day
Afternoon I think he's just acting but I
have to rewatch it I haven't seen in a
long time like when he's screaming
Attica Attica well he's just he's
yelling he's not like overacting I have
to re-watch it though I could beer
I haven't seen oh my god I don't know I
got a really good movie but I haven't
seen it right everyone watches it when
they start getting into film so many
yeah I know she introduced me to Straw
Dogs we watched it on like Christmas Eve
when I wasn't uncomfortable experience
yeah great movie I watching it with my
hand
yep
alright let's see what I think I don't
want to I can't go outside because those
assholes are outside Oh dance oh all
right yeah oh my god what happened oh
you found one of my special moves I have
unlocked oh my god
you're you're behind the zombie you can
do that which buttons it is there's a
there's a menu I'll tell you what moves
you can do nice it's nice so anyway back
to 9/11 I don't know I think to get to
get back on the conversation that I
derailed with zombies down judging
things right yeah
is it is it okay to have like tastes but
not not like good taste bad days but
like you know there are certain lose
games on ones I don't much care for and
going in I'll know that I want much care
for right and that's how you make
decisions on some things that you know
yeah and so I get I get you there I get
rich with there and so then the question
is how the quote I guess the question is
how should rich
I don't know I don't know if I hope you
Tanaka oh you guys already
you killed him twice Jack you want them
to die twice now
kill them twice felt so nice no I I'd
like a resolution to the riches negative
conversation I feel like we didn't
resolve it well I sliced some bees out
that's nice background fart oh I can't
go here that zombie has a knife well
yeah maybe use a survivor with a knife
nice didn't do no good knife didn't do
him no good what do I want to go you can
do whatever you want I suppose you
haven't been to the the other section of
the mall good um this way go back to the
fun ride and go out the other end of the
fun ride oh yeah Jesus oh no that's a
book that's a book wanna meet it with
the book no idea oh fuck No
chainsaw there we go that's what I mean
I was trying to get the chainsaw but
pick the book up oh my god sweet sweet
ramps okay okay yeah here's the grocery
store in the night store it's perfect
for knives you can pick up anything you
want I think I think you're sticking
heavily I know they're they're effective
that's the kind of game I am no there's
fun to throw too why do that when you
get a chainsaw what do you see the limbs
or the head just pop do you guys hear
about the Galaxy Quest TV series I have
not all I heard is that there was
possibly going to be one I don't know if
anyone can imagine anyone involved with
the movies coming back I doubt it I
think he's on a show now is it I think
he has another show like when they say
they're gonna do a series are they
talking about doing like the fictional
series as a real series oh my god that
would be kind of rain maybe think I
can't see how you do it otherwise maybe
Tony Joe who's Tony Shalhoub 'he's not
doing much monk yeah it'd be kind of
funny if they did a series that was done
in the style of like an old yeah like
the Galaxy Quest you seen the movie the
TV show version let be kind of fun yeah
a gimmick might wear off pretty quick
though yeah yeah what if they did it
legit like to
Jim that reminds me I was flipping
through Netflix there's a show I don't
know where it aired what it's from but
it was a TV show called Vanilla Ice goes
Amish I'm sorry one and it's a real
thing
Vanilla Ice goes Amish yeah you're right
not outside we're just here yeah down
there I didn't watch it but I saw that
it exists as in Vanilla Ice goes to an
Amish farm
I'm assuming it's him yeah I getting
involved with the Amish community and
being Amish I don't know but it's a real
thing
that exists vanilla ice turns Amish
really fucking really oh yeah I would
look at me like that too he looked at me
as like me wearing a dress man you have
seen daredevil no

[Part III]
they're asking if you have seen
daredevil no a nothing there
we're gonna talk about their devil it's
gonna be well let me ask you this
without spoilers should i watch good you
really should you I heard it it's it's
been picked up they're gonna do a second
season new show runners and new cop
Street close to the target they need a
champion the cops came as well I heard
we costume you start swearing at the
very end oh no I think the general
reaction to the costume you don't see
much of the daredevil cast it's ugly as
fuck
and and I think general consensus for
everyone who's watched it is change the
fuckin costume oh yeah 99.9% of the
first season he's basically wearing
black pants a black sweatshirt and it
looks great yeah oh but when he puts on
like the real yeah it looks lame oh my
god it's so lame that it hurts
oh yeah but you never never ever see it
so it's not a oh I have a gun now I
don't want a gun but I do think
adventure oh you can't fight this guy or
you can just if you really don't drink
my juice if you die him though I think
they all gonna make well the you kill
this guy I think they open a door to the
other section of the mall oh great is
Bret no Bradley is my friend yeah dude
do I got a chainsaw
I can kill up where he's up on the Onyx
okay final look boxes here and get up on
there you might be able to fight him
directly oh one swipe kill great yep um
yeah that is I'm going to do my best not
to oversell it
he's one swipe kill I had a chainsaw
holy fuck
I knew chainsaw well it won't be the
next series i watch cuz I signed up for
HBO now oh yeah the month free
trial mm-hmm so I gotta watch true
detective I mean the next thing I watch
I haven't started it yet though sure
sure
now get around to it no get around to
watch secta VIN the Scientology
documentary oh yeah guys we are now 99
oh we did it we did it we cracked a
hundred crack how many people are
watching right now Frank West is it just
a slow time on Twitch it is was it 512
you've had way more than that no we
probably slow night we've probably been
higher up on the ranks too
I mean now I guess no one ever pointed
it out before the way twitch if you look
at the top streamers it's like the top
two are in the hundreds of thousands and
then everybody else and then it's like
it usually tapers off from really
quickly it like but like the top ones
are huge you know usually there's a big
game tournament happening so the point 0
0 1 percenters yes yes very much so your
your touchpad I have no idea how to
navigate this thing properly
I'll just get lost I know I'm curious
no I'm carry somebody probably go up
like twice as much if I left that guy
looks like Doakes from Dexter remember
Dexter
people all right I do remember Dexter by
the way okay top live channels that's
where we see all have channels you win
Frank
so 22,000 is the top twenty thousand
sixteen thousand thirteen thousand eight
thousand seven thousand five thousand
three thousand two thousand I actually
this is a fair number of them in the
thousand this is a pretty decent taper
it's great where are we where are we
keep going down keep going down three
thousand other people keep going down
sure gonna keep going down
Mega Man X to speed on his beating us
right now furtive but you know what
that's a long now for a long oh my god
I'm gonna take a look at what's beating
us right now you're gonna watch another
twitch stream on the twitch stream hey
where are we oh here is Dead Rising
okay so we're being beaten by a lull and
espagnole brawn say it didn't yet rich
is playing now by the way while I
are we talking about there though you
ever seen daredevil we're waiting for
the end of the stream for dude that was
Charlie we're talking about the catcher
talking about the castle Oh God that new
costume sucks they need another cast
oh the showrunners oh yeah the changing
charters the showrunners though were
involved with the first season will they
do were the showrunners of the first
season no but they have new show runners
for this next day yeah that's what I
mean the second season is completely new
show runners but those show runners were
involved in the first season oh okay
and they were also involved in in
earlier productions like into those not
into the ones close the oh my god cabin
in the woods Kevin they're like Drew
Goddard and blue Goddard is a producer
on the first season oh okay
Joshua yes they're all dress weevils
they're all desperate is the moral of
the story and so that's good these are
good things good things are happening
and hopefully they listen to the fans
and get a new suit got it so well they
are getting a suit that's right right
good fucking help and the suit is not a
spoiler because you see it on the
Netflix thumbnail okay look at it even
though it does not come up almost at all
in the series but Jesus Christ is it
ugly
I cannot stay and I'm a fanboy are there
any known actors on the show Oh rosario
Dawson oh she's on it rosario Dawson
officer and she's good was great and and
Vincent di Freneau okay D'Onofrio okay I
always say it didn't offer you
Donofrio yeah I think it's D on off real
bad with names suppose the guy was
private pyle in Full Metal Jacket
that's enough you know okay yeah he
doesn't quite look the same anymore but
that's him the daredevil is kind of a
no-name actor he was he was in like an
episode of Downton Abbey in this very
good foggy his law partner
you might remember as a bash brother
from the Mighty Ducks Oh God
who was also did you see Catching Fire
the latest Hunger Games no a small part
in that did you ever see max
Landis's The Death of Superman YouTube
video I did
okay like if he I wouldn't recognize any
minute oh yeah also yeah he played a
part he played a goofy part in it I
probably recognize the most from the
mighty dogs yes but it would only be
after seeing Eddie by the way if anyone
has not seen max landis is the death of
super explanation of the death of the
Superman is super great super fun web
video expert talking about the how
Superman died in the comic books really
funny with Elijah Wood with the dress
with the dress and umbrella
yes Vincent D'Onofrio is the main
villain in men in black also in yep that
is true like fuck he's also the man and
sinister that explains to even Hawk that
he has a big ol problem
you gotta brought me to know your house
has been invaded by a ghoul he was also
the first he was also on early episodes
of CSI your Law & Order criminal intent
one of those shows and he was great knit
I really enjoy him I enjoy him in
general I don't know if anyone else that
I know is oh my god what's in there an
axe a battle axe fucky-fucky that's
great that's great oh that's right
Vincennes Indiana Frio is also Thor in
adventures and baby sis that's true
really that's great that's back when he
was like your shoes I know we need oh
those are nice yep we need we need
prettier there's like the pee-wee Herman
shoes uh-huh that's right they can't he
puts on when he does tequila
that's better
good Dada Dada Dada Dada da Dada Dada
that's a good movie that pee-wee's big
adventure good can you put on those
shoes those are nice boots that would go
out with her wear the dress or is that a
dress that you can wear come on don't
fight with hangers there might be an
abortion joke in there somewhere but I
can't think of it just changed Oh
Megha do your little dance Oh perfect
knees grunting this is awkward that's
weird
I just think that's weird it's a little
oh he's doing it again like I get it
that they're being like perfect silly is
this is that what they're going for yeah
I think so it just comes across as
creepy Kenna people's guy that's a good
question I don't know I don't know if it
can be both oh it's a CD start I gotta
listen to some CDs bouncing better than
hezron that's probably earlier than
early 2000s right some soul asylum
that's good stuff
it's good stuff
and the most recent episode of community
there is a they got a band to perform at
the school that was like a big late 90s
early 2000s band called natalie is
freezing and the front runner of the
band was played by Lisa Loeb and so
they're like oh you must be Natalie
she's like why would anyone in the band
be named Natalie we're artists yes there
were just assumed that the lead singer
was Natalie of course she's a good joke
yeah but he then he doesn't you do that
dance every time well put on a dress huh
collective soul that's another one ah
bands remember bands oh can you put on
football clothes that would probably
give you a defense buff oh I think that
makes sense
whichever's let out some air he's rich
purchased deflating okay that's pretty
cool can you ride the skateboard or you
just have to bash zombies oh you can you
can only ride this skateboard you can't
use it as a weapon
so I picked up I've been I've been
slowly and surely getting back into
comic books okay really enjoyed some of
the ones I picked up recently it sounds
like oh new comic books I'm super
excited and I know they're making the
movie and so I decided to pick up that
Captain Marvel I don't know anything
about Captain Marvel neither do i I know
miss I I know the former Miss Marvel
Carol Danvers she's basically she
basically lady Superman okay
strong can fly laser powers right but
they've they've kind of rejiggered her a
bit and now you know she's Captain
Marvel she started out as Miss Marvel
kind of a sidekick - Captain Marvel who
was a guy okay
but now she's Captain Marvel even though
she's later isn't i progressive oh my
god are you shooting a hockey puck
captain yep give unlimited pucks no you
know okay so I read the first trade
paperback the first four comics are kind
of it her new run I really didn't like
him yeah yeah it's space she she like
teams up with the guardians of the
galaxy
so it's space stuff and in comic books I
just don't care about space stuff yeah
yeah really yeah never did it was never
my thing
Jesus Christ why does your still wearing
a dress this would be really creepy it's
a devil mask nice nice rich
is there anyone cast for Captain Marvel
you know I think they got some writers
for it one of the guardians writers is
on it there's only two James Gunn or
whoever helped him write it I think I
think was mostly James Gunn I think
there was a lady helper and if there was
yeah yeah whatever her name is that lady
helper is one of the two that are
writing it okay the weirdest thing about
Captain Marvel is when she's in space
she can fly around in space and she
wears like a helmet thing okay
but the helmet thing it gives her a
mohawk well she has normal hair but then
she puts on the helmet thing and it
covers up most of her head except for
the top of it and her hair comes out in
a mohawk only when she's wearing the
helmet that's a little weird and it
looks ridiculous
it looks I think about a thousand space
I would want to wear a helmet but like
closes off my entire head yeah it
doesn't have a mohawk slant it doesn't
it has the Mohawks lat and it doesn't
cover her mouth oh so she can just
breathe in space apparently okay that's
fine she oh she got her superpowers
because she was infused with alien
superpower so she doesn't really need
the helmet at all other than for
aesthetic reasons right right and it and
it looks weird oh my god they just push
around the shop hey she was just pushing
around the shopping cart when she wasn't
hurt anyone
I'm not mohawk shaming I guess I maybe I
am because I'm mohawk shaming hashtag I
am I die we don't need them we don't
need Mohawks anymore
kind of books we got we got past that
phase yeah Mohawks we are no longer in
the 90s when moja went every superhero
had a mohawk
is that true I remember I don't think it
was a mohawk but I think it reminded me
of a mohawk was remember Savage Dragon
oh I love the dragon did he have a
mohawk pretty nice outfit yeah that was
a mark okay everybody had a mohawk not
spawn Google spawn with a mohawk and I
bet no I bet someone drew him at one
point with him ah : spawn with another
thing in the nineties Mohawk some comic
book characters
late 80s early night is everybody fuckin
had a mohawk I hated it I don't like the
way they look I'm a superhero's you hate
everything I didn't give it a chance
Mohawks on the thuggish and that's how
you know they're thugs
I'm the punks yeah oh yeah it came up
with storm when storm had a mohawk
of course he's never had a mohawk
late eighties early man I'm thick she
had a mohawk in the nineties uh you know
I don't know beige times people places
they'll elude me at all points in any
case it was kind of a boring story
there's a space story and she had a
mohawk and I was like yeah I'm not
interested
I didn't know much about her to begin
with and so like I came in fairly fresh
like she's an Avenger okay she's a new
Avenger rushers in space
well that's the thing as an Avenger they
the Avengers felt that they needed a
presence in space is that hot iron man
without space Iron Man's in space now is
that her man in space now I heard he was
on me I heard he was on the guardians of
the galaxy oh well that's where yeah
that's what Carol went that's where mr.
Captain Marvel mine she went she went to
join the Guardians so maybe Iron Man
once I do
wow I don't know nothing about nothing
everyone is an Avenger you're right that
is the thing every single person is an
Avenger right now what what's in the
microwave what's in the microwave what
did you put in the microwave oh that's
great can you put bombs in there bombs
okay yeah me and Captain Marvel me and
Carol we know each other we do we get it
now it's a golden pizza nice yes
mayonnaise was an Avenger at one point
Thank You mr. Caswell mr. Chad smile
just shared some information on the new
battlefront versus the old Star Wars
Battlefront - yeah yeah so the new one
does not have space battles only eight
maps while the original came with 33 is
not moddable has no campaign lone has no
galactic conquest mode has idea about
that Star Wars yeah that sounds fun
because I have to love everything ever
rich you're not giving it as chance it's
great it's great I can't wait to play
that game
it's got star wars and and and Star Wars
vilnis you know it says Star Wars the
only playable areas are from classic
Star Wars not prequel and I will say
this well that's that's commendable
mhm battlefront or battlefront one and
two you could play as like the drone
army and that was really fun yeah like
being those weird robots with the wheels
and shooting misses and stuff it's kind
of fun kind of fun I agree that sound
I better preorder don't you fucking dare
pre-order we don't pre-order and this is
why the Star Wars the new battlefront is
exactly why we don't pre-order anything
because it's Oh dick punch oh my god
what hold his guts out yes that's great
a dick punch gut pole rich is much
better at this game I say as he gets his
face bitten off so in reading the
Captain Marvel yeah
have you get any sense of like a
personality of the character like you
could see them casting and
you know she if they do a movie they're
going to do the Muslim Miss Marvel
version no no she's what's popular right
now no the captain Marvel's different
yeah captain no but I mean if they don't
movies there's gonna be any kind of
Captain Marvel it's gonna be no that's
Miss Marvel they're gonna make one of
those two people a character
yeah we're making a Captain Marvel man
they're making a Captain Marvel movie
yeah they have said that it is not miss
Martin Oh miss Marvel is a new character
the new Miss Marvel is the teenage
mother moon which I really enjoyed the
first train of that yeah she was really
fun for the first train damn it got
weird hmm but really good art style fun
story very spider-man ass you know
struggling with everyday things well
becoming a superhero okay I don't
understand why she's called Miss Marvel
what's confusing that there's a Miss
Marvel and a Captain Marvel yeah
especially because there was a Miss
Marvel before Miss Marvel turned into
Captain Marvel but there was a Captain
Marvel before but the old Captain Marvel
is gone now
what a mess it's pretty much am I don't
think these people know what they're
doing
you see this frying pan yeah
that's great that's really funny that's
what you know that's a really good
question
today her character yeah I read I read
the first four issues of her comic I'm
trying to remember what her and by the
way I read it last night
she's comic book character I'm trying to
get a sense of her character characters
that you know what I'd prefer my
characters with a character yes
what was she I love that it lets you
wear whatever outfit you're wearing
during the cutscene yes yeah I think
that's my favorite part of the game
because we did this cutscene and I was
in a dress and now you're in the devil
mask she she does not have a character
okay that's really upsetting to me I
guess not because I didn't enjoy it and
maybe that's part that's part of the
reason why I didn't enjoy it yeah you
want some personality in the characters
I'm complimenting cutscenes not for
being cutscenes people are just for I
guess I'm complements Oh is she princess
and she kind of is princess Amidala
where it's like they they talk a little
bit about like her being like restless
and that's part of the reason why she
just like fights crime and she wants she
like she wants to go in space but she
gets there right away so it's not a
really a big deal yeah oh that's too bad
she's blonde
no like who are the hot actresses right
now hey I'd have to see what Captain
Marvel even looks like so to gauge like
considering trying to think of like
popular movies at the moment emily
Blunt's is being talked about with a lot
of extra movies after edge of tomorrow
oh yeah yeah she would be blunt it will
probably end up in one of these movies
at some point yeah she could be a good
Captain Marvel okay only because she
does action Stefan as a blonde lady I
guess well sometimes she's blonde she's
not blonde an engine isn't you know
that's the time cruise yeah she hasn't
been blonde and stuff I like that Emily
boy she was good in that I ride like
that that edge of tomorrow motorcycle or
motorcycle always fiction we're gonna
fight the Jeep yeah oh oh well you
didn't say your yeah yeah yeah
use me that
I suppose you need to get that gap
how nice of the game to give you this
like the hallway filled with zombies
after you oh yeah oh there's a whole
underground tunnel that's jam-packed
with zombies who need the car today
oh that's great
and then it gets a little tough driving
through water
oh you're right Dame Judi Dench would be
great if Depp tomorrow Helen Mirren
Helen man a telomere
Oh use your frying pan driving oh look
at the driver glitched through the
bottom pizza train riches playing now I
don't know how many minutes see as long
as we get back to them don't you want
that can't you take the Jeep down yeah
as there there hasn't been a female
Marvel movie yet right
I mean evl a black widow but she hasn't
had her own movie no there has not been
a female lead Marvel anything yet oh
we're not in your comic book thing
really is there
we're not caring about the story Channel
that's that's been through all the
window oh that was wrong at the window I
mean you know Supergirl
well I'm sure about the recent wave of
come yeah there is nothing let's think
about that I mean Wonder Woman's going
to be in Batman vs Superman along with
every single other right here here how
big of a role she's going to play it'll
probably be like a cameo yes and then
they'll give her a room she will show up
in one scene and then they will talk
about giving her her own movie and they
won't
can we talk about that Batman vs
Superman trailer sure it just looks so
depressing like later not a moment of
joy like a picture like Oh Batman and
Superman in the same like this has never
happened before
yeah you know and it's like Batman's
like I'm gonna beat the shit out of you
and like that's the trailer yep which by
the way he's totally justified in doing
because Superman killed a whole bunch of
people in his last movie yes it's true
Superman is a psychopath yes Superman
mindlessly murdered an entire city so
that means like I should stop him which
I guess makes no I you know and I love
the the subtleness of the the statute it
says false
got on it because the the god stuff in
the medicine your movie wasn't just
wasn't subtle enough ha ha ha well well
Jay why use visual metaphor when you can
just write down the thing isn't that
much easier for people through that's
true other people might use like like
you know what do I want to say the art
of film to tell do you think it's
actively they're showing they're showing
a statue they're showing words I think
that I think that's just telling with
reading so that doesn't that doesn't
count
oh you can just jump over those yes I
just stopped was like I guess I can't go
on that area that's yep oh my god is
this I gonna face the gun guy that's
brilliant right that is just brilliant
out that way I do think it's an
interesting idea like and and this is
based on a bad idea for Man of Steel
which is having Superman destroy the
entire city it would be lying like bad
idea
but that's happened so now we have like
oh people are scared of Superman yes
that makes sense in what they've set up
yeah what they've set up is bad I don't
know no I mean you absolutely have the
part of the fun of the Batman Superman
team-up is their different personalities
okay Superman is usually the Boy Scout
you know like all he wants to do is good
all the time Batman is the dark brooding
right now everybody's brooding and now I
mean we don't know a Batman this is a
new Batman I guess so
he he asked him if he could bleed and
then he said I'm going to make you bleed
I'm going out on a limb and saying he's
brewing and before he says I'm gonna
make you bleed all we see is Ben Affleck
Brown yes true so brooding
that's your problem
it's definitely not gonna let stay gonna
hide behind it
well again still be there becoming
Oh rich Sophie Sophie's dead Sophie
chose poorly
Oh so yeah it's basically the trailer
confirmed what we all knew which is it's
going to be the movie we all thought it
was going to see I don't know if we can
I just don't know like after the last
movie there is so much destruction yeah
I can't top that are they knock that
maybe they're gonna try and scale it
back that's probably not the case but
blow-up gothic the Mogao so it's gonna
be it's gonna be a punch fest and if if
they're going the route of the the
normal Justice League get-together story
is which is what this kind of is right
right it's like a setup for Justice
League dawn of Justice oh yeah don't
abysus right so the normal story is an
alien is is kind of a what do they call
that when the Martians come what's that
what's the invasion it's an alien
invasion but very uh what's the the book
in the movie when the Martians gone
where in the world or the world
it's very War of the Worlds pot big pods
common it's unstoppable
alien force comes and no one superhero
can handle it okay and so my my guess is
the way they're going to play it is the
aliens come and Batman thinks that
Superman is part of the aliens and so
it's quite possible that we don't Lex
Luthor is right yeah like so if there's
in it yeah and so then Batman Superman
are gonna punch in the first part of the
movie and then work together okay that's
that's what it's probably going to be if
it's if it's dumb and schlocky and
everything
than everyone expects to happen Mars
Attacks I know it's no War of the Worlds
I don't remember things or names or
places or times or events hockey
so I'll just drink this milk that's been
sitting in this empty store I'm sure
that's and Batman in the robot suit
thing yeah with the robot voice well I
don't buy the voice but the suit thing
that's right out of the Frank Miller
miserable
there's no way Superman shouldn't just
rip apart whatever suit Batman is
wearing the the the Superman that
they've established Batman is not a
threat in any way Man of Steel Superman
right Batman
in a robot suit is not a threat right no
I don't ask to see how they'll get
around that no matter how strong a robot
so you have Superman will tear it apart
unless you say kryptonite infused robots
which I was thinking about that they
didn't even introduce kryptonite has
being a weakness and Man of Steel right
that wasn't in there anywhere was it I
don't remember it that right there's a
good quick I know I don't think it was
they might be getting rid of that
altogether because it's too silly it is
like that's basically like that's why
Superman is the worst superhero because
anyone can beat them at any time come up
and singing off of them just like a
Gucci nose without the straps in the
camera oh sure people are confirming
that there is no kryptonite in Man of
Steel okay I didn't I didn't remember it
yeah but then again I've tried to block
most of that movie from my brain
yep yeah it just it just doesn't matter
it's gonna be a mess it's gonna be so
much punching who's writing it is it the
same whoever wrote Man of Steel I think
David Goyer Oh Man of Steel sir no food
here anywhere
I am googling it right now
Danah Cletus keep some food behind your
collar oh my god five writer credits oh
that's always a good sign
Chris Terrio David Goyer okay Jerry
Siegel and Joe Shuster
so Terry oh and gore okay
so gory obviously movie Batman Begins
David Burns written some ok stuff but
Anna steel I don't know what happened
oh boy I rode demonic to leave the full
moon pictures back in the 90s like his
first thing oh my god he also wrote call
of duty black ops yeah video apparently
rights video games screenplay for
jumpers plays the TV series well no
that's probably characters by because I
think he wrote those movies oh okay well
maybe you wrote the series I don't know
cuz he didn't invent the characters
overcoming the character uh you know
what for one of the episodes he has he's
listed as creator and writer okay so so
man you know there was a blade TV show
writer who are go and Affleck coming in
I mean like look we got to make this
somewhat classy yeah bring him my Argo
guy bring in my Argo guy and that's all
really just one thing well he he wrote a
short called book of kings a movie
called the heights additional screenplay
material he is credited as then our
dough and then Batman versus Superman
dawn of Justice okay so yeah that's Ben
Affleck classing it up so maybe maybe
there's a hope maybe there's a hope I
don't know 8:8 hope he's single it's the
single oh the single hope I like the
look of the the Batsuit yeah I like it
yeah it's closer to the Frank Miller
Batsuit sure I don't know about the
robot I mean I mean I love it it's gonna
be great and it is great oh you can't
pray that I love everything melon you
know I haven't seen the movie yet I
can't say anything at all negative
that's true it's great it's just as
my I mean there's so many problems with
Man of Steel
one of the problems is is unmotivated
action sequences action sequences that
go on for so long you you stop caring
what they were about initially and just
editing scenes in any order yeah it
doesn't matter
yeah what kept him as a kid here then
he's an adult again there's no rhyme or
reason of know any of it no but you know
like I I like action movies so I can I
can forgive a lot of sloppy story if
there's good action but get me back my
chainsaw just punching is not good
action we need we need something we need
someplace endless destruction and yes
endless destruction uh when they first
start destroying Smallville like would
the lead-up to the the big and action
stuff is like oh my god you know they've
completely destroyed Smallville they
destroy the eye of Na VI huh
and I don't know how much of that is the
screenplay and how much of that was Zack
Snyder's influence I blame Zack
marijuana because I listened to some of
the commentary for Watchmen okay and
every creative decision he had was he
did it because he thought it looked cool
yeah like he says that multiple times
yeah I had to stop listening to the
commentary is like Jesus Christ because
I kind of like Watchmen uh-huh
but it's when you realize that the guy
at the helm doesn't care about anything
but it looking cool yeah he and the the
real problem with that the the super
problem with that is that everything
that really really looks cool
is a direct rip from the comic book
Jerry and so it wasn't even an original
cool he just went to his cinematographer
and he said make that this see this
thing that another person drew can you
put that through the video I've still
never seen 300 he basically did that
with 300 yes every striking visual from
the movie 300 besides of course the
time-warped slow-motion actions oh sure
which of course is now famous but she
seems to have gotten away with fraud I
don't think that happens a man steal
yeah no it wasn't watchman it happens in
300 no time warp
but yes every every striking visual is a
direct pull from the comic book and so
he doesn't even have that is my problem
yeah
who has more craft Michael Bay or Zack
Snyder
Oh ma'am babe I'm gonna say the baby I'm
tempted to say Michael babe
because at one point they made while
schlock understandable schlock yeah not
so much anymore but that's I think
that's more the fault of the design of
the Transformers yeah it's just like
chaos and you can't tell who's fighting
who but if you look at his own like the
rock and movies like that like you know
what's happening at all time yeah so Bay
hasn't more together and he's slowly
going insane with age power women money
coke i I don't know what Bay is doing to
slowly lose his mind or maybe he's just
stopped caring no I think he cared
that's the weird thing about Michael Bay
is that he seems to really be into what
he's doing yeah
and he cares about it it's just that
he's a big dummy the rock is great I
haven't seen the rock since high school
I remember liking it which is kind of
crazy yeah I'd have to really watch it
but I hate it Armageddon that was like
that movie was huge and I was like it's
so boring right that guy looks like
Michael Rooker you can't tell me
yeah I just remember the second half of
Armageddon
once there like out in space or whatever
like oh no we got a problem okay we
fixed it
oh no there's another problem okay we
took care of it oh no another problem
it got so repetitive
and you're just there and you're like
swimming suit me like listen sir there
are weirder things Wow Jesus did you say
that or did he rich he's gonna gouge out
your eyeballs you know he doesn't give a
fuck he doesn't give a fuck about
nothing he doesn't that's my kind of I
am actually I really almost want to see
pain and gain some people really like
feigning game that shocked me because I
thought it was a nightmare but but
that's his that was like a passion
project yeah yeah yeah it was
and so it's like and that's commendable
to a certain extent where it's like you
know he's made these big Transformers
movies he wants to do his version of a
smuggler all right
which is still overblown and and
headache-inducing but I think that's the
fascinating part he's willing to try
something like that yeah so there's
something to be said I don't think Zack
Snyder has a painting game in him you
don't think I don't think so
Zach Snyder
I hate the way his movies look I wrote
like and I remember the 300 300
whatever is now 300 300 300 was so
striking because nothing looked like
that at the time was that before or
after Sin City because that's another
one that was super stylized comic cookie
I know they were a writer on the same I
will pen all winners first I will
consult some the Internet
300 was 2006 2005 okay I know they were
right around the same time but very
striking visually and then you know
Watchmen was a little more toned down
but still like me a high contrast like
dark deep shadows there's fine but but
then you see Man of Steel and and it's
the same icky it's just like great yeah
everything's ugly everything's like
muted colors high contrast dark shadows
and it's like that's not that doesn't
mesh with the character yeah well it
meshes with that version of the
character I guess I don't know I guess
you know it's it's great it's really
great no rich you saw that you can
complain but wait did you see Banias -
yeah because you saw okay that's the
rules if there are rules and that's my a
that's the the the biggest issue I have
visually about the trailers the Batman
vs Superman trailers just how gross it
looks yeah you don't know what I really
love them Star Wars because you know it
says Star Wars uh-huh do you like it
when it's in Star Wars other things
anything good sister yeah yeah that's
great
even the prequels have been good horse
this many nice visuals you know not work
went into bed CGI it's great it's great
you're having a been based on Michael
Rooker that looks just like absolutely
lost it I like how you're having your
emotional moment I wonder if they tried
to get him to do a voice like a we can't
get him and we'll be victory early
two-thousands they probably could have
gotten him he wasn't doing a whole lot
at that point
that's and by the way mister glitch
makes it a good point about like
Superman as a character in general which
is he's too powerful to be dark and
brooding I don't know if I understand
that if there's like nothing's a threat
so he has nothing to be concerned with
so he has nothing well so one he has
nothing to be dark and brooding about
and you you can be dark and brooding
about not being able to hug Lois Lane
without accidentally crushing her to
death you can do that from the people I
love because I'm so weird and different
you can do that kind of brochure do you
think they did that in Man of Steel no
I'm just saying you could in theory do
this with Superman sure but then you'd
have to like spend time to develop his
character and that would mean you have
to take time away from punching that
seems like a silly you know the first
half of that movie is developing a
character it's not Superman but it's a
character it's that movies perverted
version of Superman I'm trying to even
remember like cuz what was he what was
he upset about these people and I'm
giving each of them a shotgun have some
fun maybe know like what you know cuz he
well he allows his dad to get sucked
into the tornado right I remember that
yeah which was his dad's choice yeah his
dad was saying don't show your powers
because people won't understand it yeah
so he watched his dad get sucked into a
tornado so watch his dad die yeah that
sucks because his dad went back to save
the dog is that what happened did he go
back to save a dog no I think they might
have been thinking there's something to
hope soon as a kid he goes back to his
truck I just remember lad not the I mean
they wouldn't go back to the dog that we
go
I bet people love their dogs yeah but
you people would do that dog lovers
would go back to their dog yeah that's
stupid I think it was better no lovers
would do this he was a kid I don't
remember going back to the truck
oh my god it was a dog it was a dog okay
fucking hell that's so dumb
well you can't go back for the kids in
the kid we could kill the vitória no
like he helped the kid out of the truck
and then he gets like this
okay here's the question does the dog
live does he save the dog but he still
died I'm assuming he does they take that
because they won't kill the dog in the
movie either that's true more so than a
kid how does it so that my I have stove
a Gremory zuv this movie at this point
but so then like he saved the dog within
his like got caught or something the dog
he's a good runner
so he's upset that his dad died
and then but like why is he says that it
is that way cuz you know like I think
the the bulk of it is said just he feels
so like alienated and he has to hide
these powers that he has he was just
isolated yeah this is all guessing
because all I remember about that movie
is punching a lot of punching yes Dave
an idiot oh my god
don't knife him well rather than him
getting eaten by zombies
sure hurry up wait for you super yeah I
don't know I don't know if I could
handle rewatching Man of Steel just to
try to understand the character more I
mean how about you don't do that thing
you don't want to do yeah I've been I've
been seriously reconsidering watching
app like daredevil Kenny but oh yeah I
saw that in the theater yeah I remember
like it's not good but I remember not
like thinking it was the worst comic
book movie ever it might be I don't
remember very well I didn't remember
think any of these like it's really
cheesy I think that's sort of Emery
being cheesy but I don't remember it
being like painful to sit through I
remember seeing it in the theater and I
remember having the same experience that
you have it's like oh this is all right
we then bought it on DVD and watch it
again Lisa and I'm Oh see I would never
have any interest in rewatching it so
well you know we like superheroes and
everything okay and and oh my god it was
like why did we buy this the really fun
part though is on the DVD in the
commentary track and on the
behind-the-scenes featurette all it is
is the filmmakers talking about how much
they fucked up oh really yeah see that's
interesting to me when there's it even
you like that where they admit yeah
that's something didn't work like they
talk about all of the things that are
cheesy they take a lot out like everyone
they spent the bulk of the budget trying
to do practical stunts okay and they
want to be big grand practical stunts
like for example when he's jumping from
building to building and today they
spent like days shooting this wire rig
and what and it never looks good so I
was like fuck it do CD just do CG fuck
it do CG here oh really
yeah that's
oh you guys want to watch Ben Affleck
daredevil on movie dicks next Tuesday
you know what I'm down I'm down you said
mr. fat smelly yes get to the door
before Josh fucking dies Scott fucking
Josh oh and you can't say oh oh you just
say my gonna go do it might have just
been too late nope but it's like I'm I'm
probably going to see dawn of justice
not in the theaters I don't want to give
money to the theaters but I will
probably see it Avenger I'll be seeing
it yeah I don't envy you but you know
for the conversation I will probably see
it just so I can have a conversation I'm
not looking forward to it I seem to
recall back when Man of Steel came out
cuz we saw it for the show yeah and you
say it like talking about like being
slightly even though he told you how
terrible it was slightly curious to see
it yeah just like no yep like you will
not get anything out of it
flatout doe yeah yeah and and by the way
I 100% agree with you the only thing I
got out of it was the ability to talk
about it that's true which is worth
something I guess I mean that's the
reason we see stuff like paul blart mall
cop - you got something to talk about
now yeah yeah entire movies a commercial
for a resort
yes Grinchy Man of Steel was that man
apparently on movie dicks they watched
possession oh the movie and notice the
best movie ever none of us is saying
anymore that's great I thought you only
watched bad movies on this thing I think
they just watch whatever the fuck they
want well that's great and I'm glad yeah
I'm glad people have seen possession and
chat about it in the twitch chat
it's great I hope it wasn't a shitty
YouTube version it's it's it's it's just
great I know there's a person on YouTube
that's just like 4x3 like a shitty VHS
copies I hope you guys did not watch
that cuz it's a good-looking movie
obongo Doug yes you're here thank you I
am I mean I didn't see you earlier bago
Doug sent me some beer and I've been
drinking not the urban chestnut brewing
companies still IPA India Pale Ale and
loving this shit out of it by the way
this is really amazing beer Thank You
bono Doug I look forward to drinking
every single one of them there was one
that I wanted to try but I thought that
it might kill rich Evans because not
only is it beer but it's beer brewed
with chestnuts oh it's like I'm sitting
next to rich he doesn't like beer he's
definitely allergic to nuts care of
other people drink beer though yeah but
what if just smelling it got you sick
it's possible it's possible in any case
I'm really enjoying it thank you very
much
oh I just had another sip it's such a
smooth IPA mmm it's so great
haven't I been confirmed for a hipster
before someone just said I was confirmed
for a hipster for liking a beer for
liking a beer and if I apparently cuz
that's all I was talking about all right
now oh the boyfriend's been bit Oh
kill
kill me she can pop that shirt off
Jack it's not that kind of game
oh sorry I'm sorry
well that's a good question the the
newest half in the bag I only got a
chance to watch the what's the horror
movie called paul blart mall cop - Paul
bought Margo
unfriended I only got a chance to watch
the unfriended segments but I noticed
you're doing something different while
showing trailers oh yeah that's that's
you YouTube has horrible Content ID
robots okay
that's smart YouTube has automated
algorithms yes to detects annoying if a
video or sound is copy written and they
will blanket just take down something
yes even though of course we're very
used to be damned right he wants it done
don't give him a gun or give him a gun
and kill him
I'm sorry all right
that's really great that's really great
so apparently hello Draco says one of my
friends is the gun

[Part IV]
that's really great that's really great
Oh apparently hello Draco says one of my
friends is the guy in unfriended who
sticks his hand in the blender well
that's the best part of the movie his
name is Jacob
why is he Aki well you let him know that
I think he's the best part of the movie
the funniest part of the trailer for
sure oh that's great that's great
they believe her leave her but uh so
yeah Faria in any case fair use be
damned
YouTube Branca takes down it into
anything just in case yeah which is by
the way they're right you could dispute
it yeah but that takes you know it can
take up to 30 days for that dispute to
you know cancel out yep and it is
perfectly in you damn it so that's fine
so you found a clever yes Oh God gifted
maybe back up a little bit oh don't
throw her throw up see what happens
everyone off
Holcomb know they're helping you oh my
god oh my god I thought you were doing
something man yeah yeah don't be so
close
Estevan no it's not I mean it's not
necessarily shitty YouTube they're just
today they're just blanket like
protecting not only themselves but
remember like YouTube is an advertising
platform they make more money from
studios than they do from content
producers so they're protecting their
interests it's just a thing you have to
do it's just I stopped killing the
zombies I'm trying to fuck around with
the zombies let's see here
die Loki thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it yeah I'll show
for a faceless corporation who only
cares about money
YouTube is is a great thing YouTube is
fantastic YouTube means I get to watch
anything I want all the time every day
and as a video producer who started
making videos before YouTube YouTube is
a great thing oh god do you know the
real players on my old old old website
that's all the videos were uploaded with
the real player 320 by 180 is the worst
it was the worst it's it's it means
YouTube means that more people have the
ability to see things that I make and so
putting up with their system is worth it
yeah it's not a perfect system but yeah
none art no no and you know like the way
around it is to get your own
servers which then you have to pay for
and maintain and protect which is crazy
expensive so and yeah if like red-letter
me they got their own video servers
there would be playback issues there
would be incredible cost it just would
be peaceful
that's right Pizza trend you can go
watch every episode of Danger Mouse
right now if you want your stick head
your dickhead friends are shooting all
of them but that's okay it's great bonus
come thank you for subscribing very much
appreciated that's fine Greg still
waiting for me Greg Greg is still there
oh hey did miss one that was 12 hours
ago
mr. Foreman Ellie thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate them
that fucking great you know this this is
stunning
Jolly's ck thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
we really do everything is great all the
time everything is great all the time
and I'm sorry if I missed anyone else
I've been trying to keep tabs on
subscriber notifications so obviously
I've missed a couple Jack are you
excited about the order to the order
1887 I only had some issues with the
first one but you know I kinda want to
judge the second one you have coming
second one I wouldn't want to do that
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
what's good sure it's gonna look at this
one look good the first won't look too
great had issues but I haven't played
the second one
so yeah great so you can't you cannot
judge it before you know No
no I'm gonna do that and be wrong that
would be morally wrong and and may
nameless said I I agree that the reasons
the reason for YouTube the reason for
YouTube's popularity is because of the
massive user base and of course there's
a there is a symbiotic relationship
between content producers and YouTube
being the distribution network and so we
have to work together so we can't just
say fuck YouTube because that's not true
hopefully they'll sort their shit out
that's the be bucking the trend run yeah
thank you
you want me you want to out of Azeroth
that's all I want to do solid role and
ever gonna stop beating up your friends
well there's zombies in the area and
they're gonna get eaten a final bit of
the zombies won some you lose some
that's that's a good question is how
much is YouTube paying me to shell for
882 people so 582 people can sign up for
YouTube right now right they're paying
me exactly zero dollars 0.01 dollars I
make one cent for every new subscriber
if you subscribe with oh oh my god this
is creepy what the fuck is that
well yeah look there's a river of zombie
spawn there at this point in time wow
our sisters already dead oh oh damn girl
tragedy for the sisters
what frisbee so well that's good oh my
god oh you found it you found the Hat
there you go now you got the outfit oh
the outfit you're gonna die
Oh also have I told you about my newest
save state tragedy no this is before I
had a save state tragedy with Binding of
Isaac the game oh yeah I'm really hurt
about this yeah you know that happens I
guys find this fun so it's playing this
game with this new game on Sunday called
Titan souls and it has a really neat
concept behind it which is you buy it
once much like my save state failure
before is you I get to buy it once play
it on the ps4 and on my Vita okay then
you could save the game on your ps4 and
start playing from your save on your
Vita really cool thing right only there
it's not it crashes every time I try to
synchronize my save okay and the only
way I can play the game is it
synchronizes and saves before I play so
I can't play the game I've been playing
because it keeps crashing so heads up
anyone who knows anyone involved with
titan souls
tell them I'm super pissed I had a good
game going I got a couple hours in doing
a couple of the bosses and first of all
rich that's great that's pretty great so
I'm super pissed at Titan Souls right
that's right leftover beef dip only
Jesus Saves Jack and not so much I want
to try to reacquaint myself with these
special moves while wearing this head
just dick punch everyone yes Oh while
wearing the creepy Lego head it's hard
to just knock them down because I'm too
leveled up it's hard to not kill a
zombie mmm and I wanna I want to do more
of like them kill them when they're on
the ground with their head off sure shit
there's a judo throw them over your
shoulder one I never could get but it's
great yeah it's great look oh yes now
you're gonna do all the cutscenes in
little leg up bed
Abey Abey yep
what this game is like a decade old so
I'm not gonna worry about spoilers these
zombies are caused lose your chance turn
the the stream off by the way if you
haven't and want to play dead rising
these zombies are caused by parasitic
wasps ah that's a queen so he killed the
wasp so it kills the zombies in the
immediate area oh this is the little
wasp larvae around on the ground there
look which I just squish one well I
suppose it's fish mom oh it's not a Lego
head no it kinda looks like a yeah it's
from the Mega Man Legends oh okay didn't
call the lay ahead if you want it's
apparently a serve bot yeah oh great yes
Richard did just spoil the game I you
ample opportunity to turn the stream off
also the game is and the game's nikinoo
is the decade old so the the statute of
limitations has expired on the game on
spoiler warnings for the game
what time is the jacket it is 10:30 it
is 10:30 rich why Oh am i full of dead
rising okay what do you want to do hmm
it's a good question yeah we haven't
talked about daredevil yet well I'm
heading out
oh there we go I can have our official
daredevil conversation something needs
to happen in the background during the
official daredevil conversation though
usually demon souls we don't have the
ps3 with us today we will play demon
souls FTL do the life deal won't we talk
about no that won't happen it just won't
happen yep
you did it Oh Greg there now
congratulations Oh Greg you should hear
the greatest I mean yeah we can just
kind of mow down zombies and talk about
whatever don't worry yeah no no no oh he
said no shit
goodbye everybody good I love you oh you
said I did thank you I don't mean it
okay when you're okay everybody it's
like it's like um I love you but I'm not
like in chat I love you we love you and
we love all of the things that you love
just as much as you love them all the
just as my own
we acknowledge but not more because our
love won't supersede your love it'll be
exactly like like Boop step in line with
your love for all of the things that you
love I guess what we're trying to say is
we are so in love with you then our love
if you've never done anything with that
song we did I mean we got to upload it
to YouTube
whatever you want to make a music video
maybe or just uploaded to well you'd
want some if you uploaded to YouTube
we'd have to have some sort of visual a
company man I'll just put it on
soundcloud I I would almost rather put
it on YouTube but we'd have to come up
with some visuals to go with a band camp
I don't know what see we will do
something to do something love as in
love for the for the blu-ray release
happen in 20 yes Ray's not a thing
anymore when it's hipster - like blu-ray
that's all oh my god Phoenix I don't
know rich there are no spikes in Dead
Rising but thank you for asking
okay you just like give this pause and
talking about there don't
okay what rich Oh hold on eternal was
sunk for one if you haven't watched your
novel oh yeah and you plan to yeah if
you are going to watch it you haven't
yet the stream is over for you
yes basically everything from here on
out full spoiler full on 190 percent
daredevil spoiler daredevil spoilers are
happening as soon as we're done warning
you about the daredevil spoilers so and
that's all we're gonna talk about we're
not gonna talk about anything else we're
gonna talk about daredevil and then
we're gonna be done so if you have not
seen daredevil and don't want any
spoilers thank you thank you for coming
out we really appreciate it later yep
say bye guys we we really appreciate it
you guys coming out so I'm gonna type
spoilers now and then spoilers no
they're gonna see you type spoilers now
yeah where they hear you say we haven't
bad we're gonna start saying spoilers
once you type saying spoilers now so I
think you have to type one more time
spoilers now because of the delay okay I
think yeah it's typed again yes now okay
so rich you had a problem you have you
have problems with daredevil that I
don't have I think mine is relatively
minor no I know we got heated we got the
other night but it was over in the long
and the greater scream of thing
relatively minor points right no and and
it got heated and some of that was
comical and some of that was because I
really like their this one and we don't
we we rarely have these sort of nerdy
debates so I do one I do apologize if I
struck any tone or if I was mean
whatever cuz that you were friends so we
could bring up jib back up or so I give
you shit yeah maybe we shouldn't even
give me shit sometimes it's fine great
okay we're starting yeah you said you
had some points you know nothing I'm not
super fond of the kingpin um all right
let's let's establish just some
some things it's crazy yeah Wilson Fisk
of the kingdom yeah he is the major
focus of our heroes angst in the show
yes we agree on that
I mean at a certain point yes like like
like like you know first obviously the
Daredevils just fighting crime
Matt Matt Murdock yeah right he's he's
he's a devout Christian yeah adopted um
Catholic Catholic and he's like Wilson
Fisk is so terrible yeah that this dead
this faithful dedicated Catholic is
debating with a soul on whether or not
the only way he can deal with the
kingpin is too flat up yes he's
struggling with this because the dirt
was so bad
yeah the kingpin is so bad that the only
way that I can think the handle the
situation is to murder yes it's so
serious that Karen Paige Paige right
Karen sure that that she is willing to
stupidly risk her own life in order to
bring him down yeah by digging into the
end of the wound and looking for more
information on the kingpin even though
that right they tried to kill her once
because she do too much yeah she kind of
got out okay yeah um and then it's so
important to bring the kingpin down
she's going to risk her life and
potentially be assassinated again yeah
okay yes I've been been your reporter
yes taking down the kingpin is so
important that he refuses a promotion
that will get his dying wife better
health care because what he's doing to
stop the kingpin finding this
information is so important do we agree
on this and that in that specific case I
think Ben Urich the the moral of the Ben
Urich side is that he is such a die-hard
reporter I don't think that had to do
specifically with the kingpin I just
thought I just think that was like a
story I think I think about the point
though where he's he's like putting his
dying wife kind of on the backburner
he's risking her health care and see
he's the the way his character played to
me was like and everyone said it like
his wife was like he was a reporter Bob
blog
so it's like if it was any interesting
so all he saw was an interesting story
so that wasn't necessarily so his
motivation might just be because he's
too much of a burger but at least at
least with Matthew Murdock and and Karen
their motivation is that the King Finn
is so awful he has to be stopped
no matter the consequences absolutely I
can't agree what I can't wrap my head
around yes because what why is the
kingpin that important why why are they
willing to do this stop the kingpin what
has he done that is so terrible that
needs to be stopped so desperately okay
this is what I don't understand okay and
I'm gonna do my best and and and rich
rich warned me that we were gonna talk
more in depth about this so I I wanted a
mostly I wanted a heavy is a more
focused and more civil yes I just watch
the show at this point I hadn't really
digested what I've seen and it's at this
point it's sat for a few days and I
think we're gonna have a better
conversation I and I agree I agree and
so I actually rewatched the first two
episodes just to kind of react away
myself because like I like I didn't
binge watch but Lisa and I watched like
a couple episodes every night and so I
got through the series pretty fast it's
only 13 episodes so I rewatched the
first two episodes and here is something
that I think you might like maybe it's
not as important to you or you might be
downplaying is the reason that kingpin
is such a bad guy is because he
personally affected like for Karen right
he is responsible for changing her life
yes
he had the he framed her for murder and
he murdered someone in her apartment yes
and so and like that was a huge
character thing for her that has
literally broken her for the the rest of
the series as far as we know right yeah
then later on she finds out that the
kingpin was responsible for that so like
for her that's incredibly personal right
for daredevil who has literally is just
trying to fight bad guys
he's fighting bad guys he's fighting bad
guys like he develops a relationship
with Karen but more so he's just all
he's trying to do is stop the bad guys
he learns that the kingpin is the
biggest bad guy through the Russians
right yeah so therefore he is the
biggest threat okay so that makes sense
now now that's just like technically why
he's the most baddest of the guy because
he affects someone personally he affects
someone slightly personally but he's
just like the big bad boss right for
daredevil but if you look back at that
first episode the reason why us as
viewers can understand why he is so big
is because they shroud him in mystery
yep and all we hear about is hearsay and
rumor huh which adds this like mythos to
him like the kingpin is so powerful that
he has all of these people bowing down
to him and he's not even in the room
with them right like we see we see like
the the old Chinese lady the Russians
the accountant the Japanese guy they're
all talking to someone who they call his
lap dog but they're listening to his lap
dog because they are so afraid of the
kingpin and so like us is the audience
all we have to go on is how other
characters react in and so just through
the world without ever seeing the
kingpin we know he's huge
okay no problem I might die jesting and
my mowing it over please what do they
like the kingpin has you know the
organization works right there's there's
like like four or five people involved
there's the accountant guy
yeah there's gal who does the drugs with
the blind people yep there's the Russian
who makes the drug who makes the drugs
there's the the Japanese we're just
UKUSA I don't know what they do but
they're Yakuza yeah and then there's the
Russians who kidnap people and they
distribute the drugs and supposedly I'm
assuming these people all have been
doing these things their entire life the
GAO has always made her living doing
drugs and the Russians are just
criminals sure we can assume that
how does the kingpin facilitate that
when they'd be doing these things
whether or not the kingpin would be
there in fact what does the kingpin do
at all
but these other characters would need or
care about the kingpin doesn't seem to
have his own mafia he seems to almost
just be a businessman who has gotten
himself involved with a crime so he
could get more money but I never I never
really got the sense that he had his own
mafia he just has the Smithers and I'm
gonna call him Smithers because he's
basically Smithers I first and there's
like a few other bodyguards that we
don't see until near the end of the show
can we agree that Smithers is fantastic
he's a little bit I listen know I love
he's too devoted I love that about he's
devoted to the point where it almost
throws me off of liking that character a
man as an evil and were spoiler-free so
we can talk about it and you've seen it
all yes
okay so lino so super super spoilers for
for daredevil
now when Smithers dies I was shocked cuz
I loved him so much as a bad guy because
he was so creepily devoted it was just
like what did it what did the king pandu
why is Smithers so into him I had so
many questions that I really wanted to
explore his character I don't see what I
would see when I watch the show I don't
understand why they're devoted to him
because he doesn't seem to be that
important to the big picture so so
here's the thing he brings nothing to
the table the other people kind of run
the crimes and if I were daredevil I'd
be more I'd be less concerned with
Wilson Fisk's than I would be and just
stopping ghoul from making the drugs and
stopping the Russians from kidnapping
people and once you get rid of those
people
what's the kingpin half he's a
businessman well here's here's what they
talk about
there's using citing specific examples
from the show yes the Russians during
the Russian episode I want to say that's
episode 3 they were my favorite villains
they were they were goofy they were
funny the Russians talk specifically
about how Wilson Fisk gave them the
opportunity for the big time so Wilson
used his money influence
power to elevate them to where they are
so they might have been small time
crooks
he used his evil power whatever it may
be to give them the network to give them
the money so he's their boss right so
therefore they needed him and he needs
you know it's a symbiotic relationship
right boss isn't work we just got you
small yeah I'll let you finish for that
I want to interject on that when you say
symbiotic relationship sure I want to go
back there but keep going good luck okay
so so the Russians weren't doing as many
they might have been stealing women
right they might have been pushing oh no
they weren't pushing drugs as they
weren't until GAO got there but they
might have been stealing women they
might have been doing all these small
things but Wilson with Wilson fists took
them to the next level of bad Gaius Gao
talks about the drugs but she mentioned
specifically that drugs is is what makes
money today but it has not always been
that way so it's quite possible that she
wasn't doing that because she didn't
have the distribution that the Russians
had and so Wilson Fisk as the boss
brings the bad guys together to make the
money and doesn't that make him very
powerful like it makes him a middleman
possibly but yeah but he also has a ton
of money how did he get that money we
can only assume through nefarious
reasons right well I mean do we know it
was very like how do we what is what is
kingpin kingpin is motivation right yeah
when he's an art lover guy who wants to
clean up the city well he's not an art
loving guy what is what is Wilson Fisk
yeah okay there's some weird going on
paintings it is interesting fucking love
that is interesting what does he need
out of the criminals it seems like he
already has the money because you're
saying he finances the Russians so he
apparently money is something he already
has had or whatever oh sure it is what
does he get out of a lying with these
scumbags well you always need you always
need more money right and so like he saw
the Russians and maybe the Russians had
a network for kidnapping woman right and
so he says oh there's there's a network
of Russians here and there's someone who
makes drugs
if we can get them together I can get a
piece of the profit and you know like he
remember like in the first episode he
was yelling at the Russians because they
were short on their women sales you know
so he's obviously the boss of the
Russians and that's that's a money
generating revenue apparently and so the
question was what does he get from the I
mean he gets more money and more money
is more power and that and that's more
bad guys that's more people in his army
yeah so face-plants power absolutely
dick neutral that's the thing Fisk wants
power and this end he's getting it by
building his army and and then we get
later like I know that was one of your
big complaints is like Fisk you know who
did he kill and like I say well he kills
the Russians he blows up all the
Russians even the Russians are horrible
people
so I I can't really hate the kingpin as
much as I would if he were like
deliberately blowing up this decent they
feel like blowing up the apartments with
where the innocent people refuse to
leave oh then I'd hate that scumbag but
this he blew up people who would kidnap
kids off the street and sell them into
sex slavery I'm this is a good thing I
well but he he was in charge like he was
in charge of the sex slave well the
Russians were kingpin was in charge of
essentially fingers in there yes yes
also I'm going to cite Man of Steel okay
we think that Superman is not a good guy
because while he might be punching the
bad guy he's destroying buildings and
evil right my argument is that he's not
sufficiently evil or or in my eye you
like I couldn't figure out why he was
important to the organization and these
things were just confusing me sure cuz
he like I said Matt Murdock is
considering murdering him right so I
would expect him to be the most
deplorable evil thing to walk the face
of the earth and he he feels almost like
a middleman in his own organization and
I think I think a lot of that is
purposeful okay because you know because
and for anyone who's
hopefully that's all of you now because
we are spoiling the shit out of this as
we warned you we told you what so you
know we get to this final episode right
which we'll talk about more in depth but
we get to this final episode and Wilson
Fisk sudden-like
understands that he needs to drop this
idea of being the Good Samaritan right
yeah
and just goes and and basically says I'm
not doing that anymore I am full-blown
evil but I think that was part of the
conflict of Wilson Fisk is like trying
you know what he should be what he can
be and like he wanted power trying to
not be his father and turning into his
father right and so that was part of it
and so like I think part of that theme
is him almost seeming like the middle
man even though he was in charge and
there's conflict in him and and most of
his badness is all hearsay I agree with
that like we need you know the things we
see him do although we see him kill a
fucking guy with his car door and yes
he's a Russian he kills his comeback he
kills a scumbag but he kills his
comeback that does not make him any less
he has one decent old lady and that is
that is like well well into the show
yeah that's like the first really evil
thing I saw him do that wasn't committed
against somebody who wasn't already evil
bond and that's it wasn't like episode 8
9 out of 30 years yeah that was later
but still like there's a plenty of
hearsay
we know he has power and influence
because of the like the people around
him and the way he acts and then we see
him murder a guy with his bare hands I'm
gonna say that's enough for me i pizza
train wants to know what says ask rich
what counts for his as sufficiently evil
like like rich rich wants him to tie a
damsel to a train track if you were
actually himself running the the lake
sex slave organization and not just
dealing business-wise with some Russians
were actually in charge of that but he's
negative been negative been doing
anything to make League
money and he would have still been
partnered with them it wasn't he wasn't
the guy behind that wasn't the guy
behind me but he was he he he's not he
his lapdog as you know like wanted the
Russians to be accountable of
accountable for why they were short with
their shipment of sex slaves yes
therefore Wilson Fisk is in charge of
the sex slave okay fun fun but I don't I
don't know that they wouldn't be doing
that if it weren't for the kingpin that
it seems like their thing and he found
these people who are doing illegal
things yeah and and gotten contacted all
these little people so they could run
more efficiently that's the way I saw
what he was doing well we could use your
cabs and some of the drugs then we'll
all make more money I don't I never got
the sense that he masterminded the sex
trade or the blind heroin making trade
he might not have I mean and and I feed
with him what I'm saying is what would
make him sufficiently evil yeah is if he
were the mastermind who or who actually
set these things up he's clearly in
charge though yeah but I'm not I'm not
sure why okay I'm not I'm not sure why
these other people need him to be in
charge of anything because it seems like
they're doing illegal things and making
money on their own I know you could you
could speculate on what may have gone on
but there's nothing in the show there's
no way Reggie Phoenix has a very good
question why is Richard jugg judging sex
trafficking if he's never even tried it
so hypocritical why are you being so
negative on the sex trade no people no
pizza train I think that's it that's
this is a good thing it's it's not about
like what makes a character evil you
know Rich's it's not what makes him
important enough yeah that these other
people are willing to basically torture
themselves in order to bring them down
because I think if he were gone like
even if you like you if Matt
I ignored the Russians and he ignored
gone when he ignored the Yakuza and if
he just murdered the kingpin hmm I think
they would also be doing their things
and some other jackass would step up to
be whatever kingpins money middleman
role was or they might not need them at
all there are two points yeah to counter
that argument one is I mean they
mentioned you know Matt mentions his his
thought process which is you know you
cut off the head and the rest will will
kind of be struggling you know no with
no leadership it'll be easier to pick
off the little things and the other
important thing about the kingpin is he
owns politicians judges cops right so
it's quite possible that his act as
leader is to make sure that the cops
look away at appropriate times and as
long as Fisk is around no justice will
happen because of all the police that
are under his control or even she's only
the Chad is saying um the two brains
that rich needed him to be a must
mustache twirler that's not really my
point I just I don't need him to be a
mush mustache twirler I just need to
know why he's important and why taking
Wilson Fisk's down specifically him is
going to fix all of the problems so cuz
everyone acts that way I think the why
he's important like how he got to where
he is is is not an important question
like he is where he is right and we yeah
we know the good part of the backstory
which is awesome Wilson fits backstories
great yeah looks in the mirror him he
sees he only sees himself as a kid
covered in blood holding a hammer and
they don't explain that at first right
that's great right
Wilson Fisk murders his father with a
ball-peen hammer
well and that but and until he gets his
ladyfriend and then he sees him and I
think that's great but you know what
that is a great visual metaphor we don't
need to know why he's powerful all we
need to know is that he's
okay okay and the facts like the reason
he is in charge is like like taking him
out means cops might start acting like
cops or at least they won't look the
other way right taking him out means you
destroy the central nervous system so
you can take out all the little factions
it's that's the solid plant see maybe
maybe it's just the cynic in me okay but
I can't help but think like like even if
they do take him down just some other
jackass is gonna step in and take over
his role and it's gonna be the same shit
you're you're not no no and see I I
think it's the other way around it's
like if you take out like for example
yeah the Russians were taken out and
Wilson Fisk was able to replace them all
on that same day with all the Russians
exploded using police to kill the rest
of them Wilson Fisk boom it says we have
that now don't worry so you need to take
out Fisk or else every other person you
take out will be replaced okay okay I
think that like that's that's the
important thing and mate you know maybe
it wasn't enough maybe yeah I I am
assuming a lot of things about the
Wilson Fisk character because of what I
know of him from the comics oh no
because it went dark
okay okay perfect perfect and so you
like it might not be enough for you I
don't know like it was I was able to I
was able to make that leap that the
kingpin is the most badass and beyond
that the way that Deana Frio plays him
to me it was so beautifully unnerving
every time he spoke I got twitchy I'm
gonna I'm gonna go ahead and and and and
bring up Bane from The Dark Knight Rises
he talked funny and I think you either
loved it or you hated it no one loved
the way Bane's our III think it's a
matter of opinion
I don't like the way he talks but I'm
not gonna fault anybody who does sure
okay like I think I mentioned I think I
told you earlier he's he's about she's
about 7 degrees short of wearing an
Edgar suit great reference great
reference I it's it's it's weird in a
way that's very like he's like he sounds
like unsure of himself it doesn't sound
like the villain who's in charge
yeah I get it I get it and I don't love
it I know they get it
that's it that's it
that's so entities like to me that's
just like he he's the most realized
villain I've seen in a long time he's an
actual just better oh that's much better
like he's such a complete character and
then we know we learn about his past
with his abusive father you know we we
learn about like the fact that he was
just like a poor dumb kid right and then
he's and then you realize he's putting
on these airs of being the kingpin of
loving art and whatnot even though all
he wants to do is look at an old stucco
wall and like all of his like remember
remember
he was driving with his mom and he's
like mother and she looks at him funny
he goes it's just like yes he's like
he's just a kid putting on airs and all
of his little vocal tics are so on point
that's oh that's great you need to do
that all the thing I'm gonna blame the
comic books I'm liking the character in
the comic book so it was just kind of a
ruthless son of a bitch I agree
ruthless calculating son of a bitch did
you read did you read any of ultimate
spider-man yeah
hey I love thee or the early bits yes
ultimate spider-man before it was
ultimate spider-man were digressing into
ultimate spider-man a little bit right
ultimate spider-man's problems and it
became too serious all of the time yeah
he Bendis cannot throttle it down just
just two or three story arcs but I mean
every story arc it's the worst thing
that has ever happened to Peter Parker
and it got exhausting yeah it did the
the real thing though spider-man
ultimate spider-man vs. kingpin in that
early run of ultimate spider-man oh
great it was beautiful
it was absolutely beautiful and I do i
do love something something I've been
meaning to say to you you're so fat so
talk about that sure and I agree with
you I think you mentioned that the last
episode was a bit of a letdown yeah and
I agree for so many reasons not for
whatever issues I had with their take on
the kingpin yeah maybe I would have
liked it to be more of the ruthless
calculating villain from the comics okay
fighter sure but you spent a whole
season setting this guy up and you set
him up to be the big bad guy I mean
that's that should be running throughout
your whole series that should be the the
series finale dealing with him not the
season finale because well if you
haven't seen it yet and if you're still
listen to this
you should have seen it by now because
we're spoiling we're spoiling everything
the Kingford is defeated yeah that story
three L's well the kingpin is put in
jail pending trial yes yes and he could
he could come back next season but my
problem with that is since he's already
been defeated it's kind of like the
lamer sequel that's like it's like the
Borg coming back after the best of both
worlds you know he's been defeated once
and it's if he comes back it's a rerun
but there was the there was the
completion of the character arc in the
last season where he decided were like
you know
Wilson Fisk made the decision to go
full-blown villain yeah so when he comes
back he will be full-blown villain yep
so it will be a little different
um he was defeated which sucks I mean it
doesn't say it's good and it's bad which
is like the the good part of it is if
they're devil wasn't picked up for
another season it was a good closure and
I'm wondering if that's why they didn't
do it because they weren't sure if they
were going to get picked up or how it
was gonna go over and they wanted that
closure and you know what you can get
your closure and then of course like he
can always come out hit with it like his
army of lawyers and then like then it'll
be a fun story of like how does he keep
being evil while waiting for trial and
so it's like I think there's a way to
there's a way to get away with it if
they're smart about it and I hope they
will I hope that the people making the
season - are smart about it it was I
mean it felt the the rest the rest of
the season was this lovely slow pace
every episode seemed to take its time
and I loved that except for the last
episode last episode felt rushed yeah
there's a lot into it I I didn't much
get felt like a little bit of a letdown
and the biggest letdown of them all was
the god-awful red suit it's awful
relative to the makeshift suit he's been
wearing is that because they're you know
if you're going for the gritty realism
yeah
just just a superhero who's just wearing
shit he could find the sweatshirt and
whatever just normal pants and a mass
that's just like a cloth he tied around
his head but that mask was beautiful yes
it was
oh god that was awesome it worked it
looked great that you know the visual in
Episode two right before that awesome
hallway fight scene yeah and you know
like he tied the rope around his hands
and you just see him like getting ready
for the fight he looks all badass Oh
such a great suit serious here's the
thing about makeshift suit yeah
it's not quite so super heroic so he
feels like somebody who can lose and die
yes like I especially with how beat up
he gets you get horribly just worried
for him even though you know he's gonna
survive sure you like there's no way
he's making it out of this one yes and
now now what that red suit he's gonna
feel like super hero man invulnerable
relatively invulnerable super hero man
yeah I think I think they're gonna lose
something with that suit if they do not
change the design of the suit the thing
they will lose is me as a viewer I will
not watch daredevil if he's in that ugly
ugly suit I've seen so much the suit is
ugly in itself I don't think it looks
okay for a superhero but but the maid
ship run was just so much more
interesting yes I'm missing more
interesting rather than better or cooler
it's interesting and a vulnerable yes
he's the what I like about this is easy
anti Batman Batman just raise money at
the problem and training and I'm gonna
buy divine Iron Man suit because Batman
is an Iron Man no yep I'm gonna solve
everything with my resources mm-hmm Matt
Murdock's got jack shit for resources
and when he straps on those hockey pads
that that Batman was mocking in The Dark
Knight
it's a thing of beauty yeah it really is
say well I got hockey pads let's go do
this I have hockey pads and
construction-grade work gloves well that
was that was that was the other part of
like what made daredevil so special to
me is like Marvel said they're doing
street-level
like we want to do superheroes but
we thought we've done you know aliens
destroy New York this is street level
this is something different and it was
it almost felt more realistic even
though he was dodging bullets sure sure
it felt real ER and now that he has he
felt vulnerable yes yeah and and beyond
that but there seems I was thinking yes
yeah oh no the black the black getup is
definitely off the table he has a suit
he's gonna be wearing a suit is is the
real thing look we can't get the black
suit back because that's not how TV
works unless they find a way to destroy
it it wouldn't be so for him it wouldn't
be such an easy thing to recreate sure
what I what I really think is going to
happen is see I think enough people have
complained and I've seen nothing but
complaints online about the ugly red
suit is I think they're going to
redesign it and like it will just be
like the next food like oh this is the
real suit the last it was sure sure I
you know if it's if it's if it's red and
has horns I don't I guess I don't care I
don't I don't like the fake eyebrows I
don't like the fact that we can see his
eyes all like I loved his mask just
covering his face he's a blind guy he
doesn't need us yeah right yeah I don't
like the like the mesh suit pieces that
max just it's not visually pleasing and
for a thing we have to look at I want it
to be visually pleasing I just
makeshift one is so good because it
looks like just something a guy put
together with what he had yes what he
can get away with I agree it's just
interesting as the word I can use it's
just a more interesting approach to a
superhero costume but I mean knowing
anything about television production
they can't go back to it no I don't
think they will know and I and I 100
realize I don't know how they justify it
either because his new suit is
technically a much
sure sure so they can't go back I just
want a prettier red suit that's all I
want if and maybe part of the prettier
red suit is like understanding its flaws
or and maybe they can show like how he
still gets hurt in his red suit him
getting hurt was such a big part the
show yes you thought he was gonna die
yeah and intellectually you know that's
not gonna happen right but man and he
get fucked up hey that was great
I hope rosario dawson comes back to I
liked her I thought there I thought
their love thing was a little forced I
didn't get that that came out real
quickly ah she'll be back I don't know a
little be a love thing though I get up
obviously I don't know what they're
going to do but I strongly suspect more
of well any of they haven't seen any
electric but I suspect electro yeah well
show up and we'll see a lot more of
stick I hope so I like that's what I
think is going to be the focus of season
2 I don't know they'll bring the kingpin
back right away or if they do we might
not be the major villain I think I think
they're gonna go with whatever ninja
stuff is lurking behind stick it's gonna
be a ninja stuff and I'm kind of okay
with that yeah we like ninja stuff we're
gonna see electro you see more stick
yeah we're gonna see you bitches we're
gonna see the hand we're gonna see band
and yeah that's good that's my
prediction based on no evidence all
right other than the fact that they
hinted at electro flashback hmm yeah all
right you know what this does get me
really excited about what is the other
Marvel Netflix show yeah is bullseye
gonna wear a costume or she just gonna
be an assassin cuz you know they're
gonna bring bullseye again at some point
they have to yeah he's not gonna be
wearing a super suit
is he do you think do you think they're
gonna do something like similar to what
daredevil wears I think it are they
gonna go there no they'll no one it
where it's like the realistic yeah like
they won't go crazy like they do I know
I know you haven't seen it but arrows
villain
aren't they wearing goofy stuff and it
looked really ridiculous no they'll make
a realistic version hopefully it'll look
good like you know original bullseye had
that awful like bullseye on target eyes
he's gonna show up once and he's just
gonna be a normal assassin he's gonna be
wearing like suit business suit yeah and
then he's gonna have a fight with
daredevil and then the next time shows
up because of daredevil is gonna be
wearing like something yeah that's okay
that's okay I'm just like now I want I
in fist
I want Luke Cage I want all those other
Netflix shows ooh maybe we'll get an
iron fist thing maybe iron fist came
here maybe I'm kind of hurt though now
somebody in the chat wants us to shut up
so they can watch the movie their poster
a movie they just want us to end oh well
yeah I mean that was kind of our
daredevil that was kind of that and but
that was much more civil than it was on
Sunday yeah mostly because now we're
face to face I mean I had just watched
the show of my thoughts weren't very
focused right at that point so no that's
good hyped for Iron Fist absolute hyped
for any eye I don't know I don't
remember all the shows that they
announced that we're Marvel Netflix
shows but if this is the kind of caliber
show that they're producing I'm fucking
onboard why isn't the center network why
it's a it's good enough here's here's
why because Marvel is super smart you
know what yeah and well and more so did
you look at like the running times of
every episode here's here's the most
glorious thing about non-televised TV
show they like radically different from
one another
some are 40 some minutes some are 50
some minutes like 10 minute differences
okay all okay which means that the
writers and the directors and the
editors actually get to make whatever
story is the best that doesn't have to
fill a certain amount of time you know I
didn't notice them that's great
I'm angry that is great yeah and that's
the end and you know they probably like
through Netflix they probably didn't
have like the budget they didn't have
that as big a budget but that's okay
they they worked with what they had and
hopefully they keep doing so well I mean
Netflix probably paid them a decent
amount of money and of course have
Disney money now so they have all the
money in the fucking world probably get
the pun of showing up on Netflix at some
point I hope not I've always hated the
part always they did a daredevil style
if they did it they're down daredevil
needs to meet the Punisher cuz they've
had some they've had some decent
confrontations I've just I just I did
Punisher has always been I know I know
there was one story I read hmm remember
who wrote it or what even what era is
from but like the Punisher has daredevil
tied up they had like fight and he's got
he actually has a gun in like Daredevils
hands and the gun is like aimed at the
Punisher the way he's tied up yeah and
dirty who's like I'm gonna shoot this
guy down on the street unless you shoot
me first if they want to do some shit
like that you know what I'd be down with
it bring in the Punisher as they cause
that bad guy yeah yeah oh and by the way
guys a criminal I'm gonna shoot him if
you really want to stop me you're gonna
have to shoot me I wish I could remember
what issue that was or what it was
written or who wrote it Pizza train also
makes another good point which is that
probably something from gar theatres
the other reason it's not on television
is because of the violence in swearing
so it'd have to be cable yeah and yeah
yeah
okay we might not have the budget and of
course like their their story only ran
13 episodes and cable might not want
that
last and and it adds extra it adds extra
fingers into the producer pot I'm not
I'm not complaining this I like what we
got I'm just I'm curious why like
network would even try the swearing the
blood and and then of course like as far
as Marvel and Disney are concerned like
they don't want other people ruining
their good thing like fuck ABC they're
gonna tell us what to do right
oh they are saying Garth eNOS dungeon
master blasters oh no that's not him
also that Oh Casper says this Punisher
kill every criminal uh he only leaves
him alive when he wants to fuck with
them like jigsaw he just keeps ruining
jigsaws face jigsaw used to be vain yeah
but otherwise yes he kills every single
criminal yes that's Punisher stick which
is why I don't like I don't dig that
shtick
I read read read Garth uses Punisher
okay Regis Barth eNOS Garth eNOS the guy
who uh preacher okay do you want you
want dark humored you want something
serious cuz he didn't he did he wrote
The Punisher both ways oh his earlier
runs on The Punisher
dark humor no and then like when the max
imprint took over Punisher and he was
still writing a different artist dark
serious Punisher hmm I think he has a
really interesting take on The Punisher
psychology alright so I'm down to give
him another chance
it's very dark I'm okay with her he's
not afraid to imply that the Punisher is
basically just a guy who likes killing
people and is using criminals as an
excuse to do it yeah that's a good way
yeah hey well obviously we've stopped
playing the game oh yeah and we're a lot
of daredevil talk so thanks everyone for
coming out playing the game again I'm
not doing good thank you and all the old
subscribers that golden is Ferren thank
you everyone oh if they're just coming
out we really appreciate you guys
talking about them we're talking with
their demo and we really appreciate
y'all coming out both thinking
