Nov 25, 2015
Star Wars Battlefront, Rocket League, Dead Rising 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/31238373
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/31239325
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/31240449
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/31240734
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJpRAScKulA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_dF-LaUNes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_iIiVGgC30
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COCxWH8I6es
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grfwDbBKwy0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/669609051156840452

[Part I]
nothing's here it's the so I can better
see the chat and the bee guns it's the
big uns those everyone fuckin doin it's
the burgeoning very Merry Christmas
that's the holiday right Christmas yes
Merry Christmas
man what are those space cop light bars
doing on that stick
it's weird alright so we're playing Star
Wars Battlefront
we're play what you are so excited to
play this game and I know you are
oh yeah yeah I can tell right away I
kinda you know I'm very sorry rich chat
you lovely people this is you know
trying to keep it new keep it fresh this
is the hot new Star Wars game IP this is
the hot the new hotness the the new
newness you know you know I'm saying oh
yeah oh yeah yeah yeah it's all about
newness and hey why isn't this working
it's working just fine what are you
talking about my charity wasn't working
I couldn't stop sometimes it does that
it where it stops updating the chat so I
can't read it and you will notice
everyone that a certain smoking game boy
is missing because today I submitted the
fuck pot icon back to the system it
takes a while it takes a while for them
to approve it but they approved it last
time so there's no reason they shouldn't
approve at this time
hi hi everybody
why is the lightsaber floating around
maybe a Jedi is throwing it evidence
that I submitted the fuck pot is well
you can try to use the B remotes and it
won't be there a Michael 87 loan loader
Archon smiling strange all three of you
fifteen mighty months in a row holy
cannoli fuck and sorrow we uh we don't
have our normal setup by the way this
look at the should we read should we
just read yeah go go software you want
to do it in the voice voice I don't know
if you want voice electronic art
software software user license agreement
please note section fourteen contains
binding arbitration cause that's wrong
I'm like I'm like somewhere between
obi-wan and c-3po yeah okay I should go
see false Threepio the end user
now that's perforated is an agreement
between you and Electronic Arts Inc its
subsidiaries and affiliates this license
Kevin's your use of this software
product and all related documentation
and updates and upgrades that replaced
or supplement the software in any
respect that an RNC through via fine
it's fine
where was I many respects in which are
not distributed with a separate license
collectively the software the software
license to you is not solved by
installing all using the software you
agree to the terms of this license and
agree to be bound by a section two below
describes theta EA may use to provide
service and support to you in connection
to the software if you do not agree to
the use of this data do not install the
software at section four below you can
see where the scroll
mariusz just let's just go let's just go
let's just see what happened
let's just sign this shit to play game
you must that's all you need this go
let's just go a little further down here
let's just go a little oh my Jesus
Christ
Oh what disclaimer warranties except for
the limited warranty of recorded media
if applicable and the flicks this might
actually pertain to us in streaming this
game
smite time sky dandy both of you
fourteen mighty months in a row and sag
rod just subscribed fresh meat for the
grinder say rod and tabari HK ten months
in Rome if you are a government end user
and this provision applies to you a
government end user what I don't what is
this a little bullshit it's great can we
talk about what you know Star Wars could
we talk about what a bitch George Lucas
is being about one just being a petty
bitch like he sells the franchise for
four billion dollars and I was going in
interviews you know I broke up the
franchise they didn't they don't want to
use my ideas on George Lucas I created
Star Wars huh I think it's just all they
wanted to do something that the fans
would like but you know Star Wars is
really a soap opera you know they didn't
want to go with my ideas they gave me
four billion dollars and then they
didn't want to go with my ideas so I'm
I'm gonna be a little bitch oh is that
what he that's what he's been doing I
have paid literally zero attention to
Star Wars okay hold on wait please read
this carefully what Star Wars even
though I talk about it constantly it's
the only thing I'll ever be known for
its I'm so busy talking about Star Wars
because I'm done with Star Wars then I'm
not gonna have time to make those small
independent films I was always going to
make if only I had the time or money
like boom I have the time and money
after selling Star Wars it was the
hardest part of me for small independent
films this is the resources I just don't
know any
bakery well the hardest part is I did
this interview bitching about how Disney
he didn't use my Star Wars idea I
figured they would give me a bunch of
money and I would still kind of be in
charge without the headache what didn't
happen that way they told me I was
stupid
no I'm mad okay I'm gonna I'm gonna say
that I have red I'm gonna lie to this
and say that I have read and accept oh
wait we can get the most out of our Star
Wars Battlefront experience with the
Star Wars Battlefront companion hey Luke
abandon lets you play strategic card
game based on what dismiss let's launch
the tutorial that was great that was
great I was gonna make a small personal
film but first I had to make strange
magic a CGI cartoon for babies that's
right I remember
to do this a button problem no these
every button but these are is
everything's fine okay starting tutorial
we were playing a little bit while the
game installs you get to play as Vader
for a little bit but it was kind of
boring so now we're really playing if a
nicer they could just remake Jedi Knight
too and have it looked like this I would
like I would like Jedi Knight too with
updated graphics it could happen oh wow
first-person shooter multiplayer only
this person shooter I know it's not your
thing it's not your thing not any kind
of story you just play these random Star
Wars characters in this universe that's
overplayed but look beautiful okay look
around how petty is it the after after
Disney gave him four billion dollars to
go around on interviews bitching about
the movie they made after paying him
four billion dollars how horribly Petty
and childish
I'm sure Disney doesn't care oh you know
why Disney doesn't care they've already
made Star Wars money back on presale
tickets oh yeah they're gonna be fine
merchandising and presale tickets have
already paid for the acquisition of the
Star Wars license they're gonna be fine
this is George Lucas pissed because
people are excited now that he's not
making stuff that's exactly that that's
exactly what it is my dear and people
love it now people seem to be rage rage
I'm sprinting
keep you i got a laser pew pew lasers oh
there we go so it can be a third-person
shooter as well hey what does what does
everybody doing tomorrow on Thanksgiving
in America I'm gonna say I think we have
a small European base as well and
they'll just be grumbling I'm I'm not
gonna call it a marathon but I am
planning on streaming all day tomorrow
that's crazy
no no I think that's crazy town I mean
obviously due to I got I really honestly
I'm in this like I have I don't really
have anything better to do I'm not gonna
go to my dad's house because they have
cats oh and they always think it's fine
if they vacuumed then I always go over
and I'm hardly fucking sick and
miserable be vacuumed they kicked it all
up in the air it's true that's exactly
what happens like you have to vacuum a
couple days ahead of time but then it
doesn't matter because then the cat lays
down more hair so I'm gonna play
basically whatever the fuck I feel like
yeah there's no real set plan the only
thing for sure I'm gonna play is I'm
gonna I'm definitely gonna try a
vanquish no death-room that's gonna fail
spectacular link uh-huh but I'm gonna
try it goddamn it that's you know what
rich that's all you can do that's all
you can do is try I'm also planning on
because you know me when I have a game I
listen to other things
well I'm gaming right which is I'm just
gonna turn on random movies and you can
you can you can watch long I'll tell you
I'll tell you what I'm watching so
you're gonna you're gonna stream games
while watching movies
while listening to movies while messing
around with the chat yeah that's and
that's you know you know when I saw
those stream then messing around might
be sporadic yeah when will I start I
don't know possibly noonish is it gonna
get up and get here get ready I'll just
start going yeah I completed this
tutorial I considered I considered going
all night yeah from this but then it's
like I'm not gonna get any sleep longer
much longer that's insane
okay exit Thursday's usually doing movie
what I call holidays
I might man I might I might turn on some
of the Trek movies get some get some
breath of calm going okay the plan is to
have the camera on tomorrow probably for
a little I mean you know unless you're
doing something weird and then you just
say hey I'm turning the camp came off
I'm not doing anything weird that's what
you tell him all right well let's just
uh let's just go into the multiplayer
let's just see what happens defeat more
enemies than the other team to win the
battle yeah all right you must be signed
into your yet what what
I just love multiplayer-only gaming what
you got a download a bunch of shit
sounds like
turn off the game for a little bit turn
off the game oh and OBS just in case I
have you sign into anything scroll down
if that'll got the holes at the bottom
instead I've got dole ping right nope
Bing okay wait nice yeah that's fine
well it's so clicked it's the look at
the checkbox yeah that's weird
it shouldn't have that nope
try again doesn't want to go away there
goes yeah yeah hey yeah you did it this
calls for a binding of issac on right
you must update to the way why am I not
updated to the latest version just play
campaign mode is there a campaign mode I
heard there wasn't gonna be any kind of
single-player in this version
come on why am i offline mother fucker
do you have the display station
connected to our network I believe it is
let's test out the network also we're
gonna have a wireless aren't we that's
fine
you have good wireless here so how's
everybody doing doing good that's good
to know successful is successful
everything's great everything's great
and successful we're connected so then
why are you having troubles um Star Wars
Battlefront
alright are you not are you not check
for update motherfucker
multiplayer on the gaming yay sign into
your account here fucking jerks let us
stick our fingers in your hair solid you
and your ass wallet full measures thank
you for just subscribing we really
appreciated Jessica Jones it's true we
really do oh sorry
sorry I was half paying attention you
were thinking subscribers it's true we
really do thank you subscribers I
thought I could take a moment while we
wait for this to update to talk about
Jessica James have you watched any more
of it you can but you've seen the first
thing I see the first episode okay well
we can talk about that III I'm three
episodes in so I'm not much further than
you yeah and I would like to give to you
my official review of Jessica Jones
three episodes in yeah
that's all I got
having only seen the first episode yeah
I think the characters more interesting
in the comics I would hope so I would
really really hope so thank you for okay
here's what this is everything revolve
around the purple man so far in the
first three episodes yes I mean there's
some there's some other side stuff
here's mine Lord Belmont says
multiplayer only gaming sucks a lot of
people want to see the old hunters we're
gonna talk about that Lord Belmont we
have issues with the old hunters and we
are gonna talk about that hold on but
first of all thank you for buying Star
Wars Battlefront in order to enhance and
protect your online experience please
take a few minutes to create a new
account or link an existing one great
we're not showing the game right great
okay great ah give me one second here
entering in passwords no big deal
we love you rich but not as much as Jay
thank you thank you for your kind of
sort of love oh so it's like a lot of
the show is fine like it I really liked
the premise
you know her dealing with this deep
psychological thing yeah but there's not
there's not enough supering on one hand
that's the comic it's not it's not a
superhero story but but like if there's
not enough supering and there's not
enough story about somebody who's messed
up because she used to be a superhero
sure but then like on the other hand
there's not enough like drama or actual
detectiving to make it just a
straight-up drama detective story
I don't think they found that balance
okay I'm connecting uh no you cannot
vote on what games we'll see maybe hell
maybe I'll do that maybe I'll give you
some options I don't know but I'm
definitely going to do Vanquish no no
question jouji says rich can we vote on
what games you play I vote for Metal
Gear Rising gotcha oh oh I've unlocked
stuff credits but oh we can turn it are
we ready to go back on alright we're
gonna bang we're coming back back to the
dark dystopian future of gaming yeah
yeah agreed pizza train like there's a
lot of Jessica Jones that I really like
including you know once you get later in
episode 2 and episode 3 her relationship
with a certain someone her her you know
wink wink relationship with a certain
someone that I that I really was
enjoying the whole twist there was great
I'm assuming for obvious reasons that
ant-man is not a major character I would
I have I'm only three episodes in but
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that
ant-man is not a regular case she dates
ant-man for a while and it's kind of
pathetic oh wow compared to who she's
dating now the bartender the bartender
yeah in the comics that is uh that is uh
Luke Cage Luke Cage yeah yeah and you
know what were you gonna go from that
come on come on you ready go from that
good on a Paul Rudd no not gonna happen
I'm one who looks at dudes okay you know
you go with new case
okay we're gonna start playing now you
have a second controller yeah can we do
two player said what are two player
action really mission is one or two
player action oh okay
well let's try and multi player first
your socks up and then we'll do a I
think okay great pizza pizza train 11
says that was my one and only complaint
in the series they could have spent one
two two more episodes just doing
detective work more detective work
that's the thing that's kind of right
that's and you know what that's the hole
that was the whole premise where it's
like you know she doesn't want to be
super no more so she's just gonna be a
detective she has done very little
detective you you don't even know
anything about the purple Manor exactly
what happened her until the last story
arc of the series oh really yeah oh cool
yeah we're pretty deep into purple man
territory sure press to join but you
know it's just one of those things where
I'm gonna keep watching hoping that it
gets better also like the little action
that they do have is almost like comical
they've done the same thing a bunch of
times where like she goes to punch
someone and then they cut to an empty
wall and a guy jumps on the empty wall
as if she punched him really hard the
way they shoot the action is really
comical not supposed to be comical i we
have to defeat the Imperials
I guess we have to do this we're gonna
do this and these are all people now
whoa okay there behind you oh I got one
yes yeah I'm super awesome okay
apparently they come out of that door so
so I got that going for me
hey BOTS huh are they BOTS give me some
credit
well they're just running out to be shot
by you that seems you think they don't
know what's going on it's still pretty
new game and kind of stick with this
strategy of come right around quarter
man shoot at me stop running around the
corner you know yeah that's that's
usually what happens but also like I'm
so confused I don't really know what's
going on so I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
blame them for not knowing what's going
on
enemy walking what I think what
basically what just happen is I got yeah
I think I just got really lucky you got
stuff I got self-starter start well it
seems like his red bar went away when he
was in the bushes which Oh gonna be
locking get out of here I don't know
what enemy locking means but it can't be
good
sure except for that guy that I just
might be is that friendly fire oh yeah
yeah little friendly fire okay okay I
got this I got this
Oh see I can see that guy no there's no
guy there
doo-doo-doo-doo are you teammates I can
also probably just hold down the trigger
I got any you know like I keep pressing
for in each individual shot yeah okay
probably if I go this way I can flank
them or that's the that's the outside of
the comments I can flank them do you
have a limited ammo I have no idea I'm
gonna assume my ammo is unlimited that's
neat
these blasters you know Tiberius Kirk
has read that hip shooting is more
accurate than scope shooting in this
game I'm just saying what I've read
you're saying that you read oh my god
you're right I just killed again
you know I auto aim oh sure
Oh partners started yeah I think you can
just join after I die again I'll get you
to be controller
listen split-screen maybe watch me not
now
finish the match fuck's sake actually we
don't do that because we need to like to
sign you in right awesome okay okay
where were we what's happening
the rebels we're the rebels chats full
of nerds
blasters need to Bona gas clips to power
them they should have limited ammo but
they won't nerds fucking nerds I mean
there should be it as some sort of ammo
system in every game even if it's just
like a cool-down system you know yeah
you know what it's fine it's fine it's
Star Wars no you're on my team you're on
my team
I don't know what I'm doing yeah it's
not at that guy's feet I can tell you
that I can tell you that much that guy's
feet I fucked him up
oh I got one
I got I got a Star Wars what I got a
Star Wars what does that mean
I killed the Star Wars they're not gonna
war anymore in my stars get out of my
stars you find someplace else to war
thank you
oh I can't that's a light jacket that's
a stormtrooper
oh they have clips okay whoa you finally
did my honor ma'am oh yeah well you know
I gotta try this whole hip shooting
thing
that Filipino welder has killed me like
a like a b x 8 d times 80 80 80 80 80 80
80 bb-8 hey guys what's is there an
objective does anyone know just kill the
guys you see the thing of the top screen
yeah the bar whoever I whoever pulls
their circle first wins
oh great you're definitely going to lose
mo the gun overheated oh good so if you
reload when the little dot hits the
yellow portion of the bar the discharge
you discharge the geekfest erisa sky
bending hey hey good job shooting that
door did you use a grenade nope I'm just
waiting for these guys to come in here
and then shooting that one back this is
working great this is my Super League
strategy
it's like Batum in here I just got a
Batum rich
No
I'm a pretty good bader they're saying
you're camping huh the saying you're
camping like you you're camping how
about then is this guy gonna try my
League strategy nope oh you're getting a
lot of kills jack sure him huh so did I
do it you lost look at it I was top
scorer that was my first time playing
the fucking game man the top scorer what
kind of world do we live in how does
that happen
rich what kind of world do we live in
that's probably the best I'm ever gonna
play that game there's nothing better
I'm done I don't want to play anymore
all right okay well hold on wait don't
turn yet unclick the game again okay
unclick the game again and we'll sign
then you can sign in to thing instead
I'm gonna use a controller so I'm gonna
play like shit oh joy
well what what you do there you go
so the new user
okay guests one great can I get my own
because I don't want to invert him can
we do that separately I assume I hope oh
you can turn the game back on them you
know what rich I assume oh yeah that's
right we I will explain that was so I
are we done with our Jessica Jones talk
I think so yeah I think so because I'm
only three episodes and I am gonna
continue watching because I hope it's
better but so that's seen its Jessica
down so here blood-borne blood-borne has
new DLC the old hunters mm-hm
I bought the DLC immediately because as
everyone knows I fuckin I love
blood-borne where you going I'm trying
to find an invert option well though
ever in the game probably is where it is
hopefully I don't let you do it
separately I doubt that's gonna happen I
can only assume what is happening here
the settings bottom right next to quit
what is the worst menu I've ever seen
it's the worst menu I've ever seen
controls
but this is for me are you on
you're on how do I go to play a new game
Oh game start press to join here we go
okay why I need to invert
well yeah but I think you have to do
that in game so it knows it's you I have
no idea if that's true rich
there is no split screen in this game
okay well okay so that's not gonna what
about partners start press triangle oh
there you go yeah that's not a big deal
okay well then you get next game and
then you can invert your oh I can't wait
you can invert your doodly dudes and do
all your ding-a-lings I can't wait an
hour fight whoa whoa
friendly fire up in here okay so
blood-borne the new hunters yeah I
bought the DLC immediately because I
love blood-borne yeah and then I
discovered very quickly that apparently
the game makes you work for the DLC like
you can't just it's not like it's not
like the Batman DLC where it's you going
to the menus and now I want to play the
DLC you have to actually like go through
the game reach a certain milestone and
then you can play the DLC a fide with
that I'm fine with that too I really
like that the only problem is I'm like
I'm nowhere near it you know and what I
I beat the game and so in one character
I'm in new game+ literally brand new
starting the game and in the other
character I'm only like three four hours
in not nowhere near close where's the
spart where's the spot where it starts
that the dlc i need to defeat vicar
amelia which is that segue that's like
the second boss you'd fight no no the
first boss is the big wool first boss
second wolf the second boss is the other
hunter do you remember the yeah that's
kind of a ball and i've already beat
yeah yeah then then the wolf yeah but
it's a long ways like i'm a few hours
away stood don't recall it being that
bed is that the oh no it's not bad and
it'll be fun replaying it because I
enjoy replaying it and I have a new
character so like I get to play kind of
a different loadout which is real fun
but I'm far I you know in in one in one
hand I am looking forward to replaying
and then playing the new DLC and so I
think that was the really smart way to
do the dlc in the other hand i just want
to play it so I'm a little upset but
more so happy
I'm a shooter they addict that looks in
there a lot apparently new weapons area
it is apparently just this guy you know
says young extra-large bag of pizza
rolls so rich can properly gorge himself
like an American on Thanksgiving during
the street question is there any reason
to get a console having a gaming PC
happy today
um no blood-borne but really really no
honest answer no no is the PC generation
yeah I mean blood-borne is great
obviously
oh somebody playing is the robot maybe
that's funny that's funny
no there's very there's very there's
very few reasons to get a console if you
were to get a console you know you just
need to find all of the games that are
on it but but really they're all on
other stuff mostly the PC and then the
PC just also get a nice PC
Joshua office ea says there is
definitely battlefront split-screen you
just have to back all the way out to the
main menu and pick the offline
multiplayer option on the left instead
of beat online mode you're in now okay
but you can't play against people right
but that's ok we'll do some missions
will carry rusher no hey fellas night
love hopefully jack is over his illness
I am thank you yeah I'm like I had to
cut out early Sunday because I was just
a big bucket of boogers and and just
losing my marbles but no I'm all better
actually Monday was worse haha Monday
was far far worse
as far as boogers are concerned I look
at that you can set up like a turret
that's pretty awesome but yeah I threw
the power of grapefruit juice and coffee
oh damn
thank you God's a boy hell I helped to
kill someone else grapefruit juice and
coffee and garlic and pure willpower I
have defeated the sickness inside of me
pure willpower there's some kind of
granades I think you need to earn them
space grenades yeah like do you see the
the two squares down there yeah that's
your that's l1 and and Owen I believe
one of them is granades but you have to
earn them or pick them up maybe here got
you you fuck
I can only assume the health regenerates
it does after a while yeah after a while
okay we're doing this we're defeating
the rebels
we're defeating the rebels I'll go out
shit Joe damn I shouldn't go now be
cautious when you're going just go can I
shut up yeah
you're helping the rebels yeah I know
there's a no that I know there's a third
person mode you can do this but I don't
see how that would be any help just
lesson well I guess you know what maybe
it's a little water so you can get a
platter for action 69 says hey guys hope
you're doing well
good question any chance you'll be
getting Just Cause 3 oh you know what
someone tweeted at us asking if they
gifted us Just Cause 3 if we would play
it and I said yes we would
so I believe someone is planning on
gifting that to us and so we will be
playing that because I hear it's a bunch
of dumb fun ok
and killed each other so the answer is
yes hopefully I mean the same people
that did the Mad Max game it just caused
people watch me not know I think they
are they did some other game you know
that in general I'm pretty bad at like
names and places people
yeah the rebels are running out of time
I should that was my bad yeah that was
my buddy he had cover he had full cover
they're gonna win they're doing it
they're doing it against the I was the
ill omen
some guy had a yellow thing over his
face yeah I don't actually know there's
a yellow guy is he who not be like a
commander maybe next to me oh this is
coming down to the fucking wire and you
pulled it off jack I mean I didn't by
standing there you pulled it off
we need more guys like you to stand
there yes I will be your cannon fodder
okay try this shit let's get out of here
and get you your thing boy looks right
multiplayer oh yeah yeah you do it do it
rich where's my lap lap tip so I can
read the committee the comments are
coming Oh nope okay I'm just hitting
buttons what button do I hit and start
the game Jack how I started the game
what am i doing
how's the game started oh okay
automatically oh I was gonna say I have
no idea how to do that when these cards
do I don't know anything I don't know
either
oh shit need more max landis in prereq
yeah you know I'm not sure if games are
his thing I need to change the I would
be in Verdun how do I get there
my settings is down there oh my god this
ugliest weirdest menu it's the worst
menu right there there you go alright
how do I start I don't know what I'm
doing at all yeah yeah you did it
game started go go back and now go back
again and now go to press to join Oh in
the worst menu ever oh yeah we are we
will do another Nintendo 64 stream and
yes we will do rogue squadron that was a
great game oh god
after TIE fighter rogue squad was just a
piece of crap but just an absolute
adhesive look rkt crap
no mr. beauty pants max landis is not a
horse's ass
hey I rather enjoyed him and did you see
the interview cut together oh yeah you
know I struggle we didn't watch it okay
it's really great he has some really
interesting things to say and I
recommend everyone watch that be
conversation with max landis
because he has some really interesting
things to say he talks a lot but I think
he has some stuff to say so
oh it's that Filipino welder again he's
got you he's got you
no we're not planning on doing the
review of fallout 4 because we just
don't care about fallout at all I'm
sorry I'm sorry if you do I'm glad I can
join for you it's not it's not for me
it might be for rich I think actually
rich would really like the Fallout
series but he's never played anything so
we just decided to social jockey we have
a next game in mind I don't think we're
gonna we're talking about it yet I mean
rich and I are talking about obviously
get some cover man get some cover yeah
yeah yeah I did do my best to contribute
getting them beer I'm glad I'm glad my
my beer angel made it into the episode
mostly it was just my whining and going
egg give me beer
give me beer and you know I had to shut
them up so they could continue at the
interview fuck
you can do it rich no I can't yeah I'm
playing with a controller I can't do
anything no I don't think we're gonna
play blood-borne today I think I'm too
far away from the DLC to be any good and
like ironically I'm at I'm at old yarman
which is exactly the point where we
streamed last time last time we streamed
blood-borne was Aldi Arman and yes
I like oh yeah no I actually before I
knew that max was a screenwriter I only
knew him as a youtuber I only saw his
the the death and return of Superman and
wrestling he's in wrestling and I was
like oh this guy's great he makes great
web videos and then I found out later
that he was a screen rounded but he's a
death and return of Superman and
wrestling isn't wrestling her fantastic
videos
also you might want to give the third
person
way you did it you got the advantage you
don't need to do old dearmond
but I thought it maybe I need to go back
and double-check where I am I didn't
think I could get to vicar Amelia yet
until I've defeated all the army I'll
double-check it doesn't matter I'm gonna
play it cuz I like it
you got a thermal imploder so if you
press l1 and r1 in the same at the same
time you get a thermal employer I don't
know what that means just do it now you
might have I don't know
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do fuck you
filipino welder steam sale
there is there's a mate there's a huge
steam cell whoa did you see him what
fuck he was all like jumping Magoo how
come I die in one hit
cuz he's because he's leaked man I'll
kill him
was that a guy never mind don't kill him
because that wasn't a guy
oh my god that really was one end you
might have had a shotgun or something a
laser gun
a laser shotgun
listen if if this game gets too tedious
I have blood-borne with me and we will
be playing it and apparently I still
need to beat vicar Amelia if I don't
need to go through old yarman running
away just stay behind cover there you go
that was an excellent fake will hem
spoon back
but I suck at this game Jag's a lot
better at this than I am
well hey I can't stand basically this I
fucking can't stand shooters with this
that's the thing I'm used to controllers
this is the reason I'll never play Halo
specifically the PlayStation controller
that'll give him something to think
about nice oh you got you beat him but
think up here yeah it's alright it's
alright rich you're doing great
no I don't think the touchpad part of
the PlayStation 4 controller does do
anything that would be interesting how
bad do you think I am on the RAM
definitely the bank oh no not the bottom
but I'm certainly not any good you're
not the worst
you got more kills you got four kills
that's something 11 deaths that's
alright
what Jack was Jack was the top scorer on
the team his first match and then I
stopped playing because that was the
highlight of my gala fun career I don't
need to play anymore
that was it I've already have already
reached the epitome of all Lord Belmont
says are you going to get Rainbow six
siege are you and are you going to
review Just Cause 3 that series also
Jack rich and Jay need to play the 7th
guest together also until dawn for ps4
all those things Lord Belmont so
starting off we're probably not gonna
get rainbow 6 siege
just cuz we're right and we're not going
to it we will play Just Cause 3 we
probably won't do it for a phone review
but we will play it because it looks
like a lot of fun
people I don't know have a lot of fun
with it Just Cause games mm-hmm 7th
guests it's on our list of things to get
to and until dawn I mean just probably
not because rich and I aren't big on
survival horror and if until dawn is a
survival horror game is just gonna be
well yeah I think it is that's the thing
you need to know about recognize if it's
a survival horror game the likelihood of
us shitting all over it is very high
look how good that looks
fuck's sake look at those rocks
that looks great the rock physics that's
mad sweet rock physics zag rod do you
guys ever plan on having gamedev guests
Simona how Mike and Jay had Langevin
skiing max landis as guests if if anyone
wants to come sure so I think we have
cloud No yeah we do
I want robert deniro on the show and I
want him tomorrow you know we don't have
clout or a budget get me Greta Garbo's
she still around Greta Garbo but of
course the answer is of course if there
was if there was someone who we wanted
to talk to and we could get on the show
Oh killed till the Johnson that other
guy already did that dickhead I love it
I await the return of the board game
we're bad guys having yeah so your map
there's like a little red areas like so
right in front of you okay do you see
that oh no and now they're closer in
front of you it's here left
you went right why'd you sorry
Jesus Christ
it's tough because you know your your so
you're trained to shoot at stormtroopers
I think you need to go down there and
hit that blue Oh for fuck's sake
Filipino welder it'll be no welder can I
not play against him anymore
is that an option just ban him yeah
with a controller rich move so awkwardly
yeah yes because he's not a controller
person and we know that about rich we
should not be surprised by this
basically doll no well they might be new
we're there get him get him get him get
him get him get him get him get him get
him get him get all he doesn't even see
you you fucking murdered him you're oh
nice rich you did it no you like half
did it
that's pretty good yeah Edmund might be
down we have a you know we have a
burgeoning relationship we sometimes
speak to each other on Twitter I'm not
ready to like pull the whole you wanna
you want to hang out IRL thing yet but
uh we'll see you know you know that like
rich and I are still figuring out like
how we do to show right like every jump
I like that jump to Elvin Fox says I
apologize for not having a witty
username that's okay Alvin we appreciate
the tip thank you thank you thank you
thank you
okay.come accent if you want to send a
message to our twitch account for review
later sometimes it goes to spam but I
will make sure I check it tonight so you
can talk that's a good way we could do a
Skype interview that's a good idea when
are you gonna do more for players dreams
when more people are available to stream
with us sometimes sometimes it's just me
enrich and that's what you get sometimes
you know not much we can do not much we
can do mr. beauty pants no it is not
possible to turn down the donation
notification just a tad that's part of
the charm when's the next tf2 solo
stream actually for for testing out the
steam controller I I got back into
playing a lot of tf2 and it was it was
like it was like putting on worn-out
glove that still feels great but you
know is damaged beyond repair like I
loved playing tf2 but I could see all
the reasons why I stopped playing you
know it's my favorite game gobbledygook
says Battlefront meat turkey day stream
gobble someday you too should try DC
Universe Online it's for ps4 and it's
free Fox gobbledygook I don't know man I
don't know that's gonna happen I'm gonna
put that out there I'll be honest with
you it's it's I put it on our official
list of games to play oh I don't know
I just don't know if is gonna happen we
appreciate the tip down
reasons to stop playing tf2 the look
it's it just got too far away from the
game with the the man versus machine
update with the so there was another
update that added another game mode that
I didn't feel like playing the conga the
conga England was the last straw where
the game turned into how big of a conga
line you can make instead of playing the
objective it just got it got too far
away from the game where I want it so
it's still good though you can still
find a match every once in a while where
people are playing the objective and
having a good time
genetics hat meta yeah like exactly the
the Hat meta got just out of control how
did the Hat metal work out what was the
deal
what was the deal oh it's you know like
instead of people like playing the game
they just got upsets obsessed with
trading hats with one another what am i
power oh I still have that I bet you use
that when you die you have the pick up
another one loader rich maybe you should
employ I don't know nothing about no
multiplayer online games controller
bullshit yeah
what's up I suck okay see us you know I
hear great things about csgo I know they
they do a lot with like the whole meta
but they're doing it right I know people
are really pissed about their new escrow
they're starting up an escrow system for
trading that according to hardcore csgo
players is really gonna fuck things up I
know nothing about it though so this is
on the PC we're playing it on the ps4
right now but I do believe it's on the
PC and on the Xbox one or it might not
be I you watch me I don't know watch me
not know but I believe I saw somewhere
that it's on the PC and Xbox one and ps4
because EA likes money so they're not
gonna turn down though money hey you got
10 kills with blaster rifle what does
that mean congratulations
congratulations that's great
all right that's right every and we have
to thank you
banes field death was nearly even nice
thank you that makes a really good point
rich what which is we have to make sure
we constantly talk during this because
this game is filled with copy written
music and if at any point you can hear
the music over us talking we're gonna
get a can you a copyright claim just
turn the music off we are yeah it
doesn't matter if it happens it happens
Kerry lass who says rich Evans

[Part II]
Aaron seems like a lovely person
congratulations to you both and I wish
you a long happy and fulfilling marriage
thank you very much I was a very that
was it I appreciate that no that was
just a kind of message yeah we all like
Karen Karen game is starting one second
here we go that was just really it was
just it was so kind that I could just uh
then I could just barf I could just barf
all over no I like that thank you
Jackson asshole don't miss emotionless
asshole riches riches all mushy Toshi
and I am you know if anything you can't
turn the music off in the menu only when
in the game only won it but only but
only when in game oh that's funny
I invert my look yo okay here we go I
got this thing oh you dick stole my
thing stopped stealing my things what I
did not mean to do that
they're not gonna know it's coming rich
I told Jack about my clutch skills last
Sunday after he left I'm gonna make a
highlight video that shit
oh you're pac-man's get out man skills
yeah yeah yeah no I you told me about it
and I'm super impressed I'm gonna I'm
gonna be like real honest with you
pac-man skills not not high on my
impressed list
wretches a how as a serious gamer do you
not like why inversion I used to be
inverted for all of my life until this
year actually we were playing the
straight the strength demo and that
didn't have the option to add bird I
found as the night was going on I was
getting used to it yeah and then I just
thought well fuck it why don't I just
convert to regular non inverted controls
and that way it's not gonna be a huge
pain in the ass every time I start a new
game oh shit this is fucked I gotta I
gotta invert but now it's gonna be an
issue with Jack's games cuz Jack plays
inverted Oh what the fuck was that it
was snake 19 make Snipes a lot oh fuck
you you gotta walk tree my god he walked
whoa
alright I guess I'm staying down here
fine I didn't work out there I heard
some time ago that game grumps just
wanting to do some stuff with you guys
but do you guys think about that they
still think it's great yeah why not do
literally anything with anybody that is
the rule with us anything with anybody
anytime
I wish you could play us at you baka in
this game can you play as a Chewbacca
that would be great
I don't know yes
I'm gonna say that I have no idea if
it's true or not I'm doing I'm gonna say
yes you know why cuz I like to commit
have you seen really walks to shoot yep
anything I have not seen any rocks but
if I see any Ewoks I will murder them
for you rich that's for the person Chet
oh that's gonna murder okay I will do
that for you person in chat toil eight
seven one
O'Doyle rules there are light color on a
white background some I've mind if you
had of that name wrong okay if I find an
Ewok I will murder them for you no
problem
gonna happen if you do anything except
get Mike to play games on stream yes
true thermal imploder go I don't think I
imploded anyone but that's okay I'm
getting to the high ground
shooting me work and it will throw a
rock at you
who are you me Brophy for it yay no I
really want to find him you are Oh what
the don't sound like an Ewok that
sounded a lot like an Ewok really I'm
just looking for anyone right now
where's all the bad open over here okay
we know it'll be ed guys shit running
away no that's a good guy gotta get off
this fucking tree thing here this tree
thing something dangerous yeah this is
dangerous there's some dangerous shit
Richard that yeah he's amazing
actually losing badly to the Imperial
yeah 29 to 45 Shoob
he was aiming rich how come you have the
better gun than I got I don't have a
better gun I have the exact same gun
that's a lot faster
well it's different Matt it's a
different gun that or am i holding the
trigger down when I should be I'm
holding the trigger down now
I haven't different good I don't know I
don't know man I don't know I don't know
nothing game modes to find more than
larger modes like Walker okay we will
well thought will do more game modes
after this we will we'll do everything
and anything all the time or none of the
time yay shit yeah we are really losing
here
shit
oh I thought I'd get banned if I didn't
get away from his beam okay stop being
noobs we were new at playing the game so
there's no weekend
stop being noobs we are we literally
just started playing the game right this
very moment well I got a I got a I got a
I got a thing
we get full measures before a case we
didn't full measures Wintermute Omega
mr. Pibbs what and krob krob thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true it's true we really very much
do its KH r OB Rob oh I know krob I met
krob when I was in San Francisco I
believe yeah I believe I did
I met krob they give you props no he
bought me a beer it was great so you're
not kidding that's not partisan Jo
no no what's the story huh just
recognized you in San Francisco yeah he
tweeted at me uh knowing that I was
going to be in San Francisco and then he
said hey Kai buy you beer and I said
that'd be great
and then he bought me a beer and it was
great we just chatted for a little bit
and I was in San Francisco for a couple
days for a wedding and you know I had a
I had some free time exciting it was it
was good beer
I well I I enjoyed hanging out with
people and doing things with other
people and I do not I do and he was very
nice and he was working on he was
working on a web application that you
got a shot
he's working on a web application that
used cloud-based video editing did you
power up yep
don't do it no dad I do it oh I did do
it which was a really interesting
concept I hope that's crop
I hope I'm remembered there this could
be this game is kind of boy this games
and I'll multiplayer on my online
shooter so guess what it's candy boy
yeah yeah you know the news no shit
oh that's like it's like a landmine okay
I got your back I got your back you stay
together watch each other up yeah run
away running away running away running
away no damn it
this game was plugged into a game making
algorithm in a supercomputer console
deep in the heart of EA yeah yeah it's
you know what it is it's fine I am a big
part of um defeat online only
multiplayer games is understanding the
maps like knowing the maps and obviously
this is virtualized first time playing
so we don't know the maps we don't know
where the good spots are we don't know
how to get around we don't we just don't
know the maps and so that's a big part
of on-line gaming and we didn't do it
see this Walker thing everyone's talking
about - oh yeah it's fine different
using different game modes let's do that
oh did you see the thanks for bringing
that up
did you see the civil war trailer no
Captain America said no I don't even
know that was trailer on the stream
there is a trailer out for Civil War
good good something they did not show
spider-man
they did not show spider-man that might
be the only thing I give a shit about I
mean did you read the books the Civil
War books you know oh yeah yeah I liked
it I like I think that's a really fun
story I need concepts massive Imperial
walkers very good at making Ironman
horribly unlikable yeah I like that it
also is very good at just destroying
Reed Richards character yeah I think
like like most storylines it petered out
pretty quickly oh and then the whole
spider-man Stiga die then anything only
to erase that with the marriage like a
month later a big fuck you right all
right here the iron spider nope never
mind
oh that was really that was near the
tail end for me yeah Civil War yeah yeah
you know what but a fun storyline and so
I'm really excited to see it in in movie
form and I think it's a neat idea
obviously they're not doing the whole
like mutant thing mmm mutant
registration or you know anything like
that but the superhero Registration Act
is a neat idea so and you know they
showed some bucks sure you got that now
I don't know if it's any good we can
also unlock this it sniper rifle I'm
sure it's great yeah yeah what unlock it
I don't give any shit say we're
unlocking it oh got a sniper rifle well
it's yours
Jesus sweet baby Jesus with a controller
well there's this I want the pistol I
like the pistol just tie my hands behind
my back that's what I want I know the
appearance we want to be a human we
definitely want to be a human what I
want to see a Spider Man movie with
courage as the villain no no carnage is
like the lamest spider-man villain of
all time can is there less than one
dimensional is that possible can you go
any lower
then carnage no you can you you
literally like carnage makes venom look
like he has some character venom had
some character
it got old straight-up revenge I think
you need a little bit more than that to
keep a character going for decades but
maybe I'm wrong I'm sure we're gonna
bring up plenty of characters motive
this purely revenge and they've been
great but I guess in Venom's case it was
just revenge and it was just through
physical well he's a little bit of the
taunting but I know who you are all
right it's fine Meadows fine courage no
card sucks good no you know what I want
in in the ultimate spider-man comics
spider-man's main nemesis was kingpin
and I loved that it was deadly Norman
Osborn in the Ultimate Comics yes yeah
Norman became his main nemesis but at
first it was the king you have never
been more wrong
you have never it started as Norman
Osborn then there was a kingpin story
arc maybe and then his nemesis has
always been northern Osborn in ultimate
universe the kingpins story arc was it
was a great story art was better yeah it
was a better story therefore it was the
best it was the it was his name villain
how about that the ultimate spider-man
peaked with the king the kingpin arc the
King Cronus and the Doc Ock arc that was
some fun stuff okay this when he beat
doc up up live on camera and then those
like reporters all over Ernie he gave
that impromptu speech that was that was
at the same time endearing yet wholly
naive I don't remember that I remember
the kingpin argh I loved that that was
super awesome
that's what I want I want spider-man vs
the kingpin
whenever the best probably the best
ultimate spider-man moment when you
thought there was going to be the
heartfelt moment where
he's gonna tell kingpin why he's going
after him yeah well you have against me
and spider-man stops and Mark Bagley
just drew it perfectly where
spider-man's just standing there medium
shot he's there's all kinds of shadow
all around and then he just goes right
into the fat jokes that was peak
ultimate spider-man that book was never
more fun
I don't know what I'm doing here I'll be
honest with you
if Jack is right listen maybe I'm not
ready biking babe I remember but here's
what here's rich and I can both agree
that the kingpin story arc is great yeah
and that's all that really matters
because the kingpin sir what are you
even doing nice no idea there's no
there's walkers and there's things that
we need to protect and there's guns and
we and and that we need to protect the
guns and Boba Fett would you want to see
a tick movie no I want more well we had
the tick cartoon that was more than
enough I want I want a tic movie that's
a cartoon not live-action
I don't want live-action tick they they
don't do it right all right just make
another series or just make another
series that's a cartoon not live-action
you cannot do the TIC live-action you
can't do the ticking haven't been more
sadist
what then it wasn't that old cartoon
that oh my god that was a old Christian
was perfect and great and wonderful
I don't know if this does anything he
seems pretty low which what is your
opinion on the snow globe villain
mystery oh it was fine not the best
villain ever but just fine villain don't
think it's doing much good I don't think
it's doing much good
3d animated maybe you know I think there
was something to that old style though
then that spoke well I don't whoa quince
Omni ACK fuck did you see that thank you
for subscribing 15 months in a row if we
really got 15 months in a row way really
appreciate but I was you know trying to
say it sincere but that's a you know if
you want to do it's funny to that's fine
that wow you're really mad about that
whole kingpin thing we can you take that
person the kingpin thing happened
there's no there's no going back now oh
shit that's a big one there's a big
don't know what's gonna need this thing
to be active whatever it is what
whatever that was we needed it to be
active and it wasn't active so I think I
activated it top five villains in all of
comic books oh my god oh my god look
that would take some thinking because
this lobbying just overlooked we can get
him out oh sure you know yo
three hours later but all wait I forgot
about so-and-so Thanos always been a
favorite of mine though I don't know
many lessons of villain amours is just a
character the Joker
as so many I'm just gonna forget about
oh my god
well dr. Doom's kind of a classic dr.
doom yeah any villain who talks about
himself in third person
he may have done it first done first
where's the fight of Doc Ock yeah I like
that guy
Hobgoblin the original Hobgoblin where's
I'm a Spidey guy so a lot of my
favorites are gonna be there Spidey
character sure - I'll take the original
Hobgoblin over over uh Norman Osborn
Green Goblin yeah that got old nope nope
nope
missed you know what Mr Freeze and
Batman the Animated Series hmm I'm gonna
put up there as just you know why cuz
he's a he's memorable he's a memorable
villain
didn't have many appearances but when I
was younger I thought the Reaper was
cool fairly friendly obscured Batman
villain I think it was only ever in like
two storylines but he just had the most
awesome costume ever like the seven foot
it was like the Gotham's vigilante
before Batman no qualms about murdering
people he wore this giant fucking like
red kind of like armored suit but it
doesn't look like plate armor it was
almost pattern of like a muscle tissue
armor and this big cloak black flowed
with a chrome skull mask red glowing
eyes and his fist just had two sites
coming out at the fist huh
it's just his fists were basically a
base with a scythe coming out of it that
also had a gun somewhere in there I just
defeated both that no big deal no big
fuck you Boba Fett you died to a blind
Luke Skywalker you're nothing
blond hums I'm blind hunts on a blind
hunt so god damn it I'm losing all over
the place let's just mean losing Luke
we're blind and we probably just helped
oh good point you wouldn't have any
distractions from that forest mojo oh we
are so low on ice oh oh shit I wanna see
the solar wears down so where's this
solo where's that solo mojo we got to
get that uplink get that uplink oh it's
up great we did it we did it everybody
did it
actually Elias made the purple mana to a
pretty first villain I really enjoy I
enjoy the idea of his powers whoa whoa
hey hey Sonu Sonu couldn't jump it
around you dickhead what is it is he
humping you me with I think you might
have been here we go come into my field
of view
someone anybody know one of the the
white wings do on the planet probably
nothing there no and someone's
recommending the game-mode heroes vs.
villains okay
I don't know if this is doing anything
got the little one the speeder I got
this stupid flimsy thing so bad yeah I
can pray get a couple more shots though
I don't think I don't think it's doing
anything but I like it it should be good
don't you think you guys getting the
fifty dollar DLC for this game if it $80
for one what do you get for $50 and if
it's pre bullshit right probably the
answer is no we're not getting it I
cannot imagine a world in which we are
getting that I activated it fuckers
gonna deactivate it make a shop good I
think you're running out of time you I
may be impossible
anything's possible rich this game only
has three fucking maps what previously
TG Phoenix no previously recorded live
yeah just bought a multiplayer only game
with three fucking maps she's going to
get bored and by the day one $50 DLC oh
what a cynical fucking EA product EA e
fuckin a
good for worlds not for maps 12 laughs
either way
fucking 12 maps for 60 bucks yeah yeah
yeah they want you to take the speed
over
I gotta activate this thing first EA
ruining their franchises no they know
it's got the Star Wars logo on its
everyone's gonna buy it because it's got
the right logo yep yep oh we might be
losing we may have lost yeah let's just
attack the Walker
oh yeah with one we did it oh wow look
at that's a big that's a big arena
look at that forty people that's great
Wow Wow yeah I do I do sorry go this way
two hands right
well they didn't use my idea for Star
Wars yeah I don't own it anymore
oh you might want to UM go to equipment
and customize where that one this one up
and go to blasters I have this hand
blaster and I do not care for it look
like we're shooting really fast yeah you
know like I'm what red ok I'm gonna try
it sure and then also you start now with
a thermal detonator and a scout pistol
ok so what's that do
I don't know these things I don't know
Rich's head is in the center of the
loading circle that's great I think it's
perfect keep-keep Jar Jar Binks offline
to stop the rebel bombing raids today I
sold three copies of this game and the
ps4 bundle and rented out at least
forces carry Lasher so this is I by the
way here's the here's the thing about
not just this game but Star Wars
anything so you can hit start at any
time oh my god I don't like it that you
don't like just start ok so you oh fuck
turn the oh yeah so that this is the
thing about this game especially with
like the holidays coming up it's like
anyone who's like oh little johnny plays
video games and he likes this dow was
like this is the gift that everyone's
getting whether they want it or not
right that's the same whether they want
it or not well that's the same with Star
Wars anything you know grandma's buying
gifts Oh Johnny likes the style
right
hey the crowd but for thanks for the tip
for another beer and rich did you ever
play Messiah much no what is it
I don't know what it is either
Rob hey Rob
oh now the walkers on your side so you
need to shut down those uplinks yeah
shut him down rich right in their face
yeah no it's that Boba Fett why is
grandma automatically Jewish yeah you
know this is the old lady voice I do and
I think it's ironic maybe I'll buy you
some Christmas gifts little Schmo you
for this third day of Hanukkah I will
get you the Battlefront that the Boba
Fett is a nice boy working hard I'm sure
he's got a mother back home II support
you so crazy Messiah is a game from
around 2000 where you play as an angel
you kill people as I hesitate snot
ironic sorry Tiberius Kirk not ironic
you know I wrought iron he doesn't mean
anything anymore but I thought it was a
dissonant and contrasting or whatever
whatever fuck you
Boba Fett is Jewish now yes both Fett is
judgment I declared itself if anyone has
a problem with that they can see me Boba
Fett is Jewish
Hey hands hands if Rosh says Cheers
thanks Cheers thanks man oh you got to
shut them down guys shut them down I
don't even know what I'm doing great I
meant that we Jews have more fun
celebrating Christmas than we do
bothering with a Hanukkah well great
great can you get in a way can you get
in a walker
I probably it's gonna be awesome
there's probably a way to do that right
there's probably a way to do that shit
shit shit shit
this looks like an FPS all right it is
it's you know it's an FPS with a lovely
Star Wars skin on it what else what else
do you want in a Star Wars game I would
like to get to know their Maps a little
bit better I like it not suck view well
I think that's part of it is you know oh
I'm sure the rebels are here now so I
can get there if I go here I know
there's cover here all that all that
stuff all that stuff is important
well that just we do suck yeah I mean
100 percent going on
absolutely
this is multiplayer shooter I'm just
kind of blowing this play the Lego Star
Wars game instead if you pronounced it
Hunza Frosch Hunza frosh it would be
correct and swell Hunza frosh hunter
frosh thank you for the tip it's tough
to know you know have the proper
pronunciation and stuff like this so I
appreciate the phone in expelling the
Hooked on Phonics go alright shut down
that uplink rich yeah I'll get right on
that get right on it or else the x-wings
come in and take out your 8080 you can't
let that happen
you are a soldier and certainly not a
clone we don't do clones anymore
you play Dark Horse's star wars been
right there for him rich likes dark
forces what's that
by Bob Loblaw just for the halibut just
for the halibut it's always weird
it always weirds me out when people say
8080 instead of a fad but then I say 80s
to you what do you what do you prefer do
you prefer at a tower 8080 add adding go
either way you go adding on not super
religious about it I'm gonna go ahead
and say 8080 I do think it's weird
though I've been reading the Star Wars
comics and whenever they talked to like
Threepio or r2 sometimes they spell it
out so instead of saying I like let me
see if I can find an example instead of
saying like Threepio de t re t hree
no no not even like that it's it's even
weirder where it's like they spell it
like a name let me see if I can find an
example it's really weird how what they
do
yeah that's what it is a RTO Oh a RTO
like I've seen it like r2 like a name r2
and it's like no it's it's the letter R
in the number two don't don't try to
make this more complicated than it is
thank you thank you whoever prosper
Thank You Casper for pointing that out
it's weird and I always I always thought
that was strange
they try to give up name like qualities
whoa grade run away nice rich Wilhelm
screams Willem screams everywhere are so
are two AR t oo is his name and the
letter R the number two is the model no
get out of here get out of here that's
retarded that is dumb and I don't like
it that's just how they do it I don't
know why they do it
Skywalker has been what no good get that
fucker out of here okay I can't jump
over the dope I can't get over it I'm
stuck in your armor man your armors
heavy don't go in the lava I'm sure it
hurts
Oh in ten seconds you can have a TIE
fighter don't die five seconds four
three two TIE fighter oh oh oh you just
oh I thought you'd get in a TIE fighter
oh he just launched a TIE fighter oh
that would have been fun I was really
expecting you would get in a TIE fighter
I was looking forward to it
sorry I'm sorry I get your hopes up you
get here
Viper probe droid great I'll publish you
yourself closer to bad guys
hey to find them or alone I don't know
defend the Walker I like that Judge
friendly face r2d2 this game has less
fun play than battlefront - you know I
remember battlefront - being a lot more
fun but we're not super into it yet so
we don't know can you play as heroes
that's a I don't know how you do that
it's got me a thing you find I think we
can play his Boba Fett oh there that
looked like Princess Leia
I was definitely have a grenade princess
why is Leia going into battle because
she does shit like that do you remember
when she was in all those battles in the
movies yes you do because she was she's
getting into shit she's a no-nonsense
kind of princess
oh sure they still got one
Oh fuck's sake Lea takes a lot of shots
in the movies and misses nearly none I
believe it they had they had laying down
they had some shit down in Star Wars
away is good at what she does right do
you want me to say none what up woopsie
into concrete
whoops you do kind of clipped a little
bit deactivated we must be activated
right or else I got no lay is not in the
battle because videogame Leia is a
general general sometimes go into
battles it's great that she's in the
game she takes charge when she think she
has to exactly that's it's totally in
character
totally and carolien character if
anything it makes like it makes less
sense that Boba Fett is in the game
unless you pay him like if you need to
collect money to pay him to be in the
game I do want chewy though I want to be
a Chewbacca I agree
like Boba Fett wouldn't be in a battle
like this you know he's up he's a pony
let me pick up a vehicle use it like any
other items again
okay well the TIE fighter no I don't
think you can I think the TIE fighter
you just launched give them good good
boobs yeah one damn it
no noosed again Leia is not in the game
because they needed one at least one
female character she's in the game
occasionally mad because I have no idea
what is going on this is exactly what
Leia is doing in the movies she's in the
game because she's in the movies no this
is you know this is reactionary from
what people think is like forced
integration and it's like no this makes
sense
other times yes you get forced
integration here is a female character
that makes sense in a video game so
settle down jack
unless of course this is just the chat
trolling us because it's something we
seem to talk about
l1 r1 to enter vehicles activate heroes
okay cool
when when you are able to yeah I'm not
going in any games right I get it I get
it Granby pianist oh yes they are I
believe the Chinese is trolling us
they're trying they are deliberately
trying to excite us I get it it's very
funny
Wow whatever do you're very funny all
the time shooting at random things
feeling like I'm accomplishing very
little yeah I don't think you can shoot
out of it either
well that's retarded well you have to
this is stupid but then you can like
shoot and come back and shoot in front
of you hearing a lot of Wilhelm screams
yeah shut that down rich stay on target
stay on target
stay on target
don't get cocky kid that's why don't get
cocky kid
ah dudududu I feel like I'm not this is
I feel like I'm accomplishing very
little the game yeah I think this
mapping specifically like I feel like
very disconnected to the Walker you know
like you you're just doing the same
thing whether the walkers they're not
right
and so the playing the objective is a
little muddled
nice
you didn't get the kilt form but you
helped joy are there are other sound
effects that are overused like Wilhelm
scream needs to be needs to be retired
now everyone knows what it is
you can do it rich I think the Wilhelm
scream needs to be retired no it's fine
I think I think too many people know
what it is and it's good it's fine it's
getting it's getting to the point where
we just need to unlock that every time I
hear on a smile as long as it's not use
it up like a ultra dramatic film words
distracting keep using it it's fine I go
awesome real gnome it's fine I'm gonna
jump Johnny Johnny I'm gonna jump off
this cliff cuz my life is nothing I want
to let you know that my life is nothing
in meaningless here I go yeah that would
be a little out of place let's try a
different one quit how down there in the
in the menu that's really awful quit
quit
Ellen Smithy's actually been retired for
a while now
oh yeah what are we doing well let's see
what else we got here
droids run hero hunt heroes vs. villains
let's try this what's this one
ships possibly ships ships first talk
about how the real home scream does Jack
hate fun most of the time yes people are
really saying they want us to quit I
thought this like the hot shit the game
I think it was but then people saw it
and then we're like oh is this all it is
but with Star Wars my movie
why didn't they make my movie we made I
made six of them George I made Star Wars
you know the Star Wars I did that did
you see the Star Wars movie
oh it influenced you greatly as a
filmmaker how weird
ooh X when your hey wing the spaceships
are you doing anything yeah like the the
least visual well yeah you can't even
see your lasers because of the clouds
oh you whoa you just starfox the shit
out of that vaguely rich is not
impressed
what is that type fighter made out of to
do are you killing it I should have been
you didn't
nothing blows up
nothing ever blows up you you even
attempted to Pearl Harbor that
motherfucker nothing I think you helped
I think you helped destroy that it's
made out of Durasteel there's a key to
what okay so you lost shield what I'm
just learning what does one oh okay you
have a shield whoa whoa well what was
that she'll she'll like that I like the
noise that was awesome speed up sir
screwed up and speed down what does one
what does anything do it press all the
things and see what happens that was the
thing there's death and destruction all
around you I love it
whoa
surprise the magician playing
blood-borne is still a very real option
tonight but we want to see what you know
Star Wars everybody like Star Wars the
Star Wars Star Wars every with Star Wars
Star Wars we're trying wait are you
you're the rebel what speeds up can you
speed up I don't know what slows down
I saw you something just at a constant
speed what about the the directional pad
Oh Oh what this looks fun I think I just
have slave 1 well this is horrifying the
Millennium Falcon you can get the
goddamn Millennium Falcon I wish I knew
what a full speed anyone pushed forward
on the stick oh the dumb they all right
now I know what happens when I do things
great and there's apparently a lock on
that you need to master what is the lock
on
is just keeping them in your sights long
enough I'm gonna assume yes
let's see what happens
and to get there
get there
my one congratulations right you did it
plug the controller in what did it say
we were running out of battery it's fine
everything's fine
hold l2 to lock on hold l2 all right
okay cool thank you thank you thank you
everybody
for teaching us how to play the game
we're playing it's important we win
bonus try that a full match do it again
yeah dude oh oh wait you're not doing it
I mean that's it some reason it shows
him that okay oh no oh you're on a
different map but it's fine no I don't
care what's different ma'am sure as long
as I'm flying in my space you're in the
air isn't the map really doesn't matter
it's just ah that's all the air right
you did not try hard enough Oh what hold
on dear wookies trigger
what hmm okay fighter squadron I do all
right what do you want interceptor
intercept
from the rebel scum of the scum we will
win they will die
whoa did you bomb them does it do that
automatically does it like bomb them you
can you pile hit a Star Destroyer I
think that would be the most boring game
those things don't move very fast that's
when you ever kids do start strong
it sounds off it sounds kind of horrible
actually that might be a mistake
get that rebels down did you get him
yeah
Ant Man has become slave one nice rich
is much more comfortable in a TIE
fighter I am I am just knowing that
you're piloting is more comfortable than
controllers shooting yeah
controller first-person shooting I mean
you know the differences and they say
evasive maneuvers breaks in missile app
so that's your d-pad okay hi that looks
good I don't know if I could handle that
this feels great though look at that
just go attack your Star Destroyer
Oh for the Emperor
that's what that was
er something like a fair ramming speed
all right you can do a rich year you're
falling behind but it's so it's all up
to you now only you can do it you
strayed away from the flock
a wings are speedy
I'll get the Falcon
get the Falcon what's that asshole doing
get out of here
just a nice big fat target nice I wanted
to say Jack Packard killed the Falcon
did you not get credit for that what was
the flying due on the ground maybe
I was channeling war from Star Trek
first kind of thang that's exactly what
I'm sorry funk you for getting that
reference rubbings food
I feel like riches channeling his FTL
powers to of mercy lists to beat the
rebels absolutely isn't the Empire has
some really good ideas they want to
unify the planet so you know they
they're putting a lot of people to work
with this whole Death Star initiative
you know I don't I don't necessarily
agree with blowing up planets but jobs
are jobs okay
I live on a desert I like it how you can
hear them scream before they die that's
a fun that's a fun trick that's a fun
detail Palpatine did nothing where you
know Palpatine was I I don't agree with
his methods but I think he thought that
they were the best I think he had the
the all of the planets best interest in
mind you know by murdering a few planets
so the other planets would follow
something down there yeah you saw the
ground you saw your demise
nice nice bitch killing killing in the
name of dd-do you were here at the rock
group there called Nickelback that's not
true
didja didja to his responsibilities were
more than you can fathom absolutely he
had to run get to run everything you
know it was all up to him and you know
obviously there was the the Imperial
Senate which was being in a disbanded he
still had he had the big vision plan
thanks Rach it was a game mode I can get
into this is it for rich this is the
entire game this is it looks great it's
like super fun I think you're you're
doing average by the way you're turning
right now you have more fighters or
unless that's the number of kills I know
how these member systems work tell us
okay yeah they're still winning so you
got to kill a lot more people really
fast
easy I don't know if there's gonna be a
new yoga stream that's that's all J he
has said outlook looks positive but we
don't know we don't know if there's
gonna be a new industry
give me something to shoot at was that
yellow guys he on your team
we're closing that gap but not close up
they only have two more kills and they
win
no I'm yeah oh those are York oh I get
it now
Oh jack I thought that was how okay I
get it now I get it now
what does Emma kills were zero what I
think I missed something are you great I
don't know one more time go go go do I
only kill AI oh I'm so sorry rich how do
you know if it's an AI or not I have no
idea no you know what you still want
doesn't matter still won how about that
I was only killing AI still one victory
doesn't matter it's tight and fall all
over again that's what I remember we're
doing so well against all those
characters what oh it's the bad we don't
know how to fly the Falcon I can only
assume if you like if it's anything like
Call of Duty which I assume it is you
have to get it like a killstreak and
then with when you get a killstreak you
can unlock a certain bonus or try to get
a larger kill torch you get a bigger
bonus so then if you kill enough people
you can unlock the Falcon
oh yeah that's much harder that looks
like a human maybe maybe maybe stay on
target
stay on target
that was great you really fucked that
guy up
I mean you didn't kill him but you
fucked him back up it's a pickup near
the ground oh so there are things in the
but
hey Chad the Falcon is not a killstreak
oh okay it's so it's a pickup okay
listen I don't know whoa
looks like your help does not regenerate
and in this mode are you ignoring BOTS
this time oh yeah
I think if it's not about they have a
name over there over there I think they
they have a color no no see like look at
that guy has a little name over his
color you might not be able to see the
name because your eyes are bad but eyes
are bad you always say your eyes about
the x-wing shot
Imperials inbound price dinner
so like you know when you hover over an
enemy they just a red star the red dot
otherwise they don't have a color dot oh
okay
but uh who fight a Star Destroyer I
don't think we can suck it Empire
okay you got this fridge you got this
stay on target
stay on target another Star Wars
reference
get him get him get him
but you gotta I won't rich to get his
kill so bad
Oh someone else took credit for that
kill you you've warmed him up you warmed
him up that's all that matters
how are you going to do a review of
undertale no probably not
I enjoyed playing it a lot I thought it
was really neat and I'd like to finish
it but I don't know if I don't I just
don't know if that'll happen we got so
much Star Wars to play
they either deep into the references you
do here that yeah you did it though you
killed someone you've got a kill under
your belt
you've now tasted this victory three of
blood you got it
now I'm gonna figure out how to play
Knight now you're not inverted right or
did you invert further burning huh I
inverted that think you inverted for
this noise sir look at that you got no I
mean you need to eat in Jinja I mean I D
for good you divert it yeah ah great
already I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready
press to join boom joining 25 second we
have 25 second skill okay great
apparently I have a friend I can is a
friend of mine an in-game I don't know
who can is space camo with 15 months
Josh josh Josh radio link down King love
a 1-1 and end red leader
91 thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
okay how did I do what it's true we
really do we really do right trigger is
welcome I mean they left trigger is long
I'm red shirt or shoot r1 is your
missile wait it's old yes which day huh
that's all yes what stick yeah but I
thought it specific
and Hellcat striker thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
yeah what do you think you're doing I I
was leaving the combat zone okay what
locks on leftover I won I won I won
Gowan yep
great
shoot you know how do you do take turns
and parties have to slow down
oh yeah oh I'm with it yeah I have been
pushing though that's how it is in TIE
fighter I'll know if it's different
unless it's like one's on our side yes
nope
ah
Oh defend right
I have no idea what I'm doing this is
the problem is it's not sure why but I
just can't get into this game watching
them play is doing nothing for me this
game was like causing an existential
crisis in Star Wars but I like Star Wars
yeah question is when you hit if you
absolutely
I just find my cell phone constantly
holding down but lock unblock oh those
are box we don't care about BOTS there's
all the action over here okay okay
yeah fuck you know but we don't care
about butts this guy though yeah I wish
there weren't BOTS clouding up the
screen
oh well well I did not know that I was
being rocked on - why is his ship named
slave one yes it's not the sequel
pickups near the ground we still ignore
health oh let's get to it
keep shooting
boom get out of our shit rebels Tiberius
Kirk says he is a slaver originally he
took what these from his sheep and sold
them to slaves no this is a biome
remember that the Empire Strikes Back
if either of you checked out overwatch I
have not
I've been keeping up on development but
I have not played it I am NOT in on the
beta or anything take out that fucking
shirt
that fucking sucks
you know what's the Falcon are you okay
we're the tourist blessing people behind
him you never make it medicine it's just
a large target but like look at me he's
got all of us on him but it doesn't seem
to be very good at taking other ships oh
right it's you know what it's it's the
heavy all he's doing is like soaking up
all the damage to the other ships can do
work the Falcon which is no big fast as
they whoa did we kill him
I know it's not built for fighting but
it can shoot behind it which it isn't
doing plus it's also supposed to be
really fucking fast which it wasn't
right you know great Jeff yeah yeah I
felt like I was doing great how was I
doing four kills only one death I'll
take it it's a 4-1 kill death right here
I will take it this this is fun yeah
this is a good game yeah because the
transport fuck yeah I kill the movement
no you know what I did my part to quell
the rebellion those rebels aren't
getting food and medicine now cuz I kill
them I murdered that ship that makes me
feel better you know you know what else
we can do now I don't think we streamed
rocket league with the mutaters I don't
think I'm gonna fly ships a little bit
more myself yeah let me I'll do one more
than you can do one more than well make
a decision after that but yeah I'm
absolutely down with that I wasn't the
MVP

[Part III]
yeah I just dealt the most damage to the
transport ship Jack earned that
highlight I did earn that this is fun I
like being a ship it's only fast in the
capital run because of an effective
never come
your Bible
what's this what is this I wanted
oh well I didn't need that well
hopefully I stop someone else from
getting a teammate who's badly damaged
sure peace out mother fucka Oh or I left
wait I do get lost very easily
well I took out a AI so that yeah
whatever I'm getting back in it though I
do think before we stop this a lot of
people want to see churros vs. villains
sure sure I want to fly more fucking
chips yep I'm gonna fuck about no
controller FPS you locked on how do you
know when you're locked on did I get him
maybe I don't care
my god you are so bad oh oh
trying to anyway considering a windows
they're fast
nope the follow rules
there's one I don't remember you really
and I'm not have been too busy flying a
ship yeah from anonymous
hey y'all but hey y'all been watching
the stream a bit want to explain the
season pass it's really just 54 four new
maps because let's be honest they're
just cut into pieces for smaller maps
and new weapons alien
it's being cynical about the season pass
all right sure he's saying the the what
might be 12 maps promised he says is
really kind of just for because they're
gonna be at the same style Oh for more
Hoff's or something for Bespin sure yes
a wing fast but we keep yeah me me
that's what they said
Oh slave one I think just makes me feel
good to kill bond I know it doesn't do
anything
yep just trying to get my mojo back here
here does it literally do nothing well I
think it I think it helps your your uh
your overalls team score oh my god the
Falcon just got him that's kind of
Awesome much for what
homing missiles I thought they said
watch for holy missiles and like I was
like who Star Wars is getting weird
first DLC is from Episode seven I'm sure
it really should have been in this main
game cynical fuckwads didn't last long
you know I've just no no I didn't we
seem to be dominating though so I'm not
terribly worried
just you know we're gonna win feels like
I was hoping I could kill him before
like a disgraced cop guy nope okay the
episode 7 DLC is free sounds good
oh that's fun hey a spoiler prevention
so how long ago is a long time ago in a
galaxy far far away hundreds of
thousands of years thousands this was
something I was thinking about what Star
Wars in general right yep
is if you think about it like this
Anakin Skywalker was part of was part of
the Jedi's right even if we're like
let's just look at the first three
movies and what we know about the force
awakens right yeah Anakin Skywalker was
part of a group of Jedi's that has kind
of been forgotten what a new hope starts
yeah and in the force awakens people are
unsure like whether or not people are
unsure whether Jedi's were even a real
thing that's when we already had already
so a long long time so so my big problem
with it is people seem to either be
really forgetful in the Star Wars
universe or maybe these people live a
lot longer than we're used to but don't
you think it's weird that like an entire
like group of Jedi's is all but
forgotten yeah that's always been weird
it was weird without the prequels
because I mean they're forgot about
invaders time right and in a new hope
and you know Luke's only 17 so like they
forgot about people in 70 hours that's
really weird right but then I got to
thinking about it and you know like we
the same with the for the force awakens
is like Jedi's are just a myth right but
if you think about it if if we take away
the modern communication that we know
like let's you know in in a galaxy far
away they don't have the Internet
they don't have easy access to all the
information that we have right so the
Jedi's would
being me you know that could be rebel
propaganda that could be Imperial or
wise they don't they've never seen a
Jedi before oh sorry
that's right you can fix it take a death
and fix it
I need inversion on this like plans so
like if we take the prequels out of it
the force awakens still make sense
because there was literally three Jedi's
and you know only they were only used in
like certain battles not everybody knew
about him that could be fallen away to
the wing but like still people
forgetting about like Vader's time it
seems really weird to me oh my god
indeed Thank You Mady wheels thank you
for that tip we appreciate it
but only a human being I could shoot out
here somewhere right
you would assume but so the main
question is how long is a long time ago
and how far away is the galaxy far far
away
is that the main it was that the big
question all about it in my need to
shoot things okay I get you know I guess
it just doesn't matter
a facility for Empire officer bad
moments okay that's true I had never
actually thought about that is in
Episode four like the officers on the
Death Star are like talking shit about
the force yeah but the emperor is like
the Pope of the force he might keep that
quiet I don't think he'd publicizes that
he was always just Senator Palpatine oh
sure but I mean you know this is just in
regular movies madam please give me a
human being to shoot at where are all
the humans
yeah damn rich why shoot something at
this point
a long time ago is somewhere between 4
and 11 years I'm tired of answering this
fucking question George Lucas said
yesterday man whatever you know what a
bitter billionaire oh he's got his one
cyclopædia brawn in the case of the
better billionaire he's got his one
thing and he's gonna stick to that one
thing rich get him got him oh it was a
dickhead disgraced cop
oh that's two in a row rich yeah when I
gotta find them I'm pretty good
what encyclopedia brown or frontier rich
is made of quite a few encyclopedia
brown references I want to say you have
didn't that lead to a Nancy Drew
discussion on Sunday no no it's also
quite possible I don't know what I'm
talking about
Oh shucks a missile nope
that's a good dogfight that right there
by the way is what makes multiplayer
gaming worth it from getting that guy
cute well you know like that was real
tension like you have you have human
components is what make like that one
moment made up for a couple bad games
like a real fight a real challenge the
pretty shirt was Jake who is talking
about the Nancy Drew's the Nancy's in
the Bruce oh yeah
oh damn inversion troubles yeah now
change it take a death and change it
what was in that rebel transport ship
the polio vaccine it will be a slow
victory as they die that's the Amber's
as I love flying a spaceship Jack yeah I
mean you should love flying through
space you find spaceships is cool stick
this in your Kissel maybe Vader just
used the force to make everyone forget
about Jedi's that's so stupid
that is so stupid I can't even conceive
of how stupid that is I'm sorry I only
got two skills I guess it's probably why
could that find anybody give it another
shot and then you know fix your
inversion you know you know I I guess I
always thought without putting too much
thought of it into it into like in
watching the new hope a new hope into
watching the Star Wars the Star Wars I
always assumed that Jedi's could live
longer
no no no it's a story convenience they
forgot so they could do myth mythical
mysteries well sure sure but it's like
if you just look at that's less weird
than Darth Vader paying a hundred and
ninety seven years old but that makes
sense though I'm saying no doesn't
because then Luke would be a hundred and
ninety seven years old but at this point
we didn't know that he was his father
like I'm saying just look it up so forth
right okay just looking at Episode four
oh and from the lung forgotten Jedi shit
and bullshit right like oh okay you're
like a super old man and your hair
powers give you extra life or what
whatever just whatever or doesn't matter
about space dragons wait dragons there's
the space dragons I like that
mister noosphere if in doubt the force
did it as is the force the force did it
the force all time yes Yoda is like 800
years old that's true so hey you know
the Oda's got it
Yodas got it going on the old the Jedi
old age but that's maybe that's just you
as race of people
and wasn't eyeshadow just right under
I've got that yeah I don't think there
are any space dragons and Star Wars the
Kratt dragon with the skeleton thing I'm
tackling
there's a skeleton dragon it's a thing
that I see through be an r2d2 walk fast
fast oh yeah okay that's good well
that's not a space but there's a space
world is it you know we had that going
for us
shit moon front enjoy the old hunters
there's some cool new Lovecraft stuff in
it but be warned it personally feels
much more difficult than the main game
well they even I'm looking forward to it
I just in in playing the little bit of
blood-borne that I have been just to get
to what I wear I thought I needed to get
to to get to the DLC I I forgot how much
I loved it
mm-hmm I can love blood-borne it's so
good it's so fucking good like I'm a
little peeved that I like I'm closer in
my second playthrough and the sword like
I'm not all the way leveled up I don't
have the weapons that I like and I could
in new game+ make my way to vicar Amelia
which I might just because I like my
weapons better but uh we'll see that can
I can't get that cane to feel good tells
you what
did it kicking ass hurt kicking ass
I have if anyone remembers my my granny
GILF character that's the character that
I'm using now I've been using the axe a
lot with her and I really like the axe
I'm strong brand of guilt oh well that's
that's my second playthrough that's when
I have like four or five hours in unlike
my main the main guy Gork the main
characters door actually quarks led to
that one like 78 hours
you Jack ever get used to the Campbells
this is my fucking love the combo system
I don't know he talked about I'm the one
that brought it up in the review that
counts is amazing yep like the sequels
had a fictional movie within it
something like that I don't know shadow
Lee you're you're you're thinking about
it too hard shadow alien says I got a
perfect one what about the Star Wars
prequels were nothing more than a movie
within a movie that never happened like
the sequels had a fictional movie within
it something like that you're thinking
way too hard I can only imagine that the
force awakens is gonna get it correct we
just we just need a movie with some
space wizards and lasers and span and
spaceships spaceships lasers wizards
does it the rest is going to be a super
simple story and that's all we need
super simple story with Wizards lasers
spacious
isn't granny guilt redundant well no
granny is her first name in GILF is her
last names or surname it would be
redundant if he were taking you know
guilt
oh my god rich you are my Myrtle aiding
look at that
whoo that's the shit and I'm six
Oh only four kills and all that that's
just bullshit I felt like I did way
better than that oh it's much more
enjoyable than the FPS stuff yeah yes
just want to try the shoes versus
villain things sure sure I'll do it
things things I'll do it cuz I'm
okay are you familiar with the jar jar
binks is actually the most powerful Sith
Lord in the galaxy theory I am and I'm
completely ignoring it because it's just
a dumb idea that they're not going to
use because they know everybody hates
Jar Jar Binks we're not we we the new
Star Wars things is let's not talk about
the prequels yeah and I think we should
all be fine with that unless it's in the
games I remember doing some of the like
the prequel battles in the earlier
battlefront games and those were a lot
of fun you know those those weird-ass
droids those are cool
okay heroes versus round based combat
with mixed teams of heroes and infantry
okay heroes and villains yes of course
people are actually serious about it on
the internet that's why there are people
on the internet you know who's not
serious about it anyone involved with
Star Wars so it just doesn't matter
make someone make a comic book of it and
sell it online and it'll be really
popular since the heroes vs. villains
mode
this is heroes vs. villains I'm gonna
switch my controller to invert look you
want to switch flight to where you're at
so future reference
I never changed my blaster I don't like
that blaster oh we can get a new blaster
cool what the fuck is that
I some Star Wars shit look at that star
that looks pretty cool high rate of fire
high cooling power low damage alright
this is kind of a basic I kind of like
the standard rebel yeah we'll give it a
try
equipped why not you know what why not
let's go let's rock this do it
Rockapella skinny Bop do not do yeah
yeah way that's handsome that's not
rockefeller
we're so Luke Skywalker what well that
was a great round
those are there's a great round wide
we'll play as han Solo the next round so
what does he do
you know what he does I don't get to
play in first-person shooter mode I have
no idea what he does
I don't know boom
so that's really awesome apparently has
to deal someone's getting forced choke I
got to get out of here I got to get out
of here I'm out of here
someone's late savouring me papa Dean 15
well that hardly seems fair
fucking Palpatine
he's down he's down after all okay where
my god everybody seems to be over in
this area
they're all gone Leia Luke oh well
hey Luke a wicker Steve why I get to be
Luke's gala here I've got a lead see
beer let's do this all right we're gonna
work doing this looks like a derp or you
just hold that running yeah a little
dirt
no I seem to be running away from the
battles well it's not that's your goal
is to survive that's probably not the
worst thing to do well I'm trying to get
around so I can flank a motherfucker you
get a flank with a lightsaber that's the
best kind of fling it's like a like a
flank sandwich oh yeah yeah yeah but you
flank with that melee weapon Jack you
got it on I don't think I'm doing a good
job
oh shit your pop-up team running away
father did I do it yeah you did it now
you're gonna get shaved that's okay
holy fuck jack holy fuck jack I'm sorry
did I just flank two motherfuckers with
a lightsaber yeah yeah I think I did I
think I did now I'm running away again
because that's what Luke does okay okay
all right shit I did that's what that
was what I did I did Christian let's go
that's right my block what did you just
do right home offense around here
somewhere mom he's counting on you I'm
hearing to not die I'm healing he was
sitting here waiting to heal how long
does it take to heal
maybe's euros don't owe that could be
time to charge them well I gotta do
something man
you're on my team did we win what I took
out what the fuck was the rest of my
team doing huh huh team not on it team
that's what you were doing being way up
not on it god damn it
look and it and yeah alright son of a
bitch
stupid goddamn team aggressive wrecking
met something where we going that chat
saying you need to be losing on well I
rocked pretty hard as Luke this is the
first time that without a mod you've
gotten play as Luke Skywalker in a 3d
game chat is that true is this that I
said the case this is the first time in
a 3d game we've gotten to run around as
Luke Skywalker I've been that one
fighting game masters or something
Cassini what every force korat masteries
of course karate masters are forced to
ride they made a game that was like
masters of force karate right woodchips
has sent us in a riddle okay two girls
were born to the same mother on the same
day at the same time in the same month
in Europe and yet they're not twins
how can this be two girls were born to
the same
they give me from the literary can be
like an animal a dog or a cat or
something sure almost at Boba Fett
Oh Oh bump it
we won Bowl event two girls were born to
the same mother in the same day at the
same time in the same month and year yet
they're not twins somebody's saying the
TWiT triplets which is the riddle that's
such a fucking cop out all right team
guess what it's Skywalker time triplets
are twins all right
no the triplets yeah Luke's going around
Jack's got a flank right in the middle
of the enemy forces yep and fuck their
shit right up see this guy over here
fucked up black horse yeah guess what
that is that's a fucked up dude right
there where is everybody now over here
who's getting fucked up next I'm Luke
fucking Skywalker I'm the last Jedi
motherfucker was this the drunken Jedi
Master
fuck you pal P I'm out this is something
this is just something else fuck these
oh you're fucking lucky you're fucking
lucky storm trooper fuck your shit and
happy it's fun I think it's fun
they say you're the best Luke like yeah
you know cuz I know how to do shit Leia
you and me Leia you and me and then
later you know a little hello yeah I got
your back and later you get my back you
know I'm saying I'll get you I'll get
your back and then I'll get then later
I'll get your back to you know feel me
feel me I'll feel you it's Mike who does
Palpatine what you aim this guy and not
hit the shield this gun actually uh no I
see you Vader oh damn throw a grenade
Adam killed by myself so you know
there's that cut damn it I could I could
sense I could sense that I changed my
opinion you can flank and melee No yeah
cuz you just got flanked yeah
you know what clever girl
clever girl
come on
how about the any other bad guys I know
they're gonna be over there or I just
aimed it to our feet yeah I think
whatever where these bad guys these bad
guy fucks
come on r2 let's go
I get this time thermal imploder good
gonna fuck some shit up
fuck you just two flankers how about
this I don't like this gun that I have I
will let you know that okay I can't
change it great all right now we're
ready they were trying to have a fight
so who yet we got LAN Luke
oh no we only have Leia left Leia I'm
coming for you
I'm coming for you and then later I'll
be coming with you no I'm saying you get
me Leia this is how I'm put oh fuck I
see bubble fit
I see Boba Fett I see Boba Fett I see
Boba Fett he's right here
hang back
draw oh we ran out of time how do I
shave my head with a razor with a razor
razor blonde it razor blonde who I get
to be Leia I'm a pretty pretty princess
and the princess power go wow she's got
shield she's got the other fucking shit
who gives a fuck she's laying pew pew
pew pew pew pew pew pew pew I am
Princess Leia huh I think I just used
the forest power well she could in
theory thanks on she be just as capable
as Luke I think I just did a force thing
your Pappy come here puppy come here
puppy
yes see be running away what are you
doing you guys he's probably leading us
into a trap just pointing this out
you've got shield powers
that's silly to see Palpatine when I'm
around you know yes yes it is but who
else would it be
shit yeah that's the fat
huh I can't it's not returned yet
Wow should be using my shield you're on
my team
come on oh there is there fell pea fuck
tree where'd you where'd you go where'd
you go and good work check shoot I
wanted to make sure I had a shot first
boom
rich if I just start shooting and I
don't have a shot he was so low on
health
yeah but if I just start shooting he's
gonna see me start shooting back or I
wait till I got my shot than a fucking
murder him
because I'm a pretty pretty princess and
I murder people
alright alright han you and me Han
damn you chewy han I'm the Chewie
shit friendly fire sorry sorry
are you nope not even a litel bite I
watch out for the flank I'm gonna go
over here because I know if flanks are
coming put my cannon in the kid the
cannon in the canyon oh you got me I
think Boba Fett got me I had POW pee in
my sights
but boba boba that fuck Bubba fuck more
like it you know saying get it like Boba
Fett but fuck you get it this is
important to me that you get it I get it
great if that'll shut you up the deck
but I can't argue with the results these
are sexy results right here but that's
right pissed-off mofo I am a pretty
princess and I murder people
that's what Leia is that's why Leia is
the best Disney Princess how what's
what's every other princesses killcount
nothing Mulan Mulan's got some kills
under a belt right the the Voltron
princess I'm not there actually kills I
don't know if they killed people on the
show way is that Disney no I said how
many other Disney princes have kills
under their belt you got Mulan I mean
technically technically speaking at some
point wouldn't be Evil Queen and Snow
White a better princess at some point
yeah but she's not considered a Disney
Princess she's the Evil Queen and really
how many people did the Evil Queen even
kill it's true people sleep oh no she
turned people to stone or some shit
here's some bullshit she did something
right Xena Warrior Princess I don't
think Xena Warrior Princess is a Disney
Princess either Elsa Elsa killed so many
people with her fucking snowstorm you
know like everybody in the castle
survived but I bet a hundreds of people
in the surrounding area of Dusseldorf oh
my god Lando has taken would like to
tell us if old Leia doesn't force throw
someone across the room in the force
awakens I'll be pretty disappointed you
know she's got to do something right
she's got to do something
let's see here Leia is a Disney princess
now she is retro actively a Disney
princess that's the fun part about
Disney bonding clutter and any Disney
princess merchandise that's a big
question I mean Laurie you get the
sniper rifle how do you change weapons
no I don't have the sniper rifle would
go to blasters or not I guess I only got
one shot off before I died what's the
problem
hello I'm looking up at Leah's of Disney
Princess
Sara Starr says what about princess
Amidala she killed her franchise Hey Oh
No but I got the final shot on Han Solo
apparently not disappointing him oh no
I'm gonna be Darth Vader oh yeah they
said they had Leia princess doll at the
d23 Expo Disney Store booth there is
this Disney Princess Leia merchandise it
is official it's great she's a princess
and she's in Disney yeah oh you get to
be Vader so you can choke out some
bitches you can lightsaber you can throw
your lightsaber whoa killing go murder
run at him and murder him
that's how you do it that's how you do
it run run run murder murder murder
it's all about running and murdering
rich running and murdering kill your son
rich kill your son I'm no good at this
game
Princess Leia got you she has daddy
issues
all villains were defeated is
what's-her-face from Sleeping Beauty
even a princess Princess Aurora
that's Sleeping Beauty yes so it's
answer your question yes Princess Aurora
is a princess oh wait no there's that
yeah that's and it's quite possible you
know like after after they got like
married to the prince and became queen
like they started a war or something
like a war with who like you know like
Princess Aurora
right she mean she would bye-bye my
prince whoa fuck I didn't know you could
do that I kind of had a murder so you
know Prince Charming comes wakes our up
out of her beauty sleep and they get
married and live happily ever after as
Queen and King right yeah but then like
a neighboring nation that starts some
shit up and as the Queen she has to send
troops out to kill so it's quite
possible that Princess Aurora later in
life murdered a bunch of people but I'm
talking about on-screen deaths and
that's where Princess Leia has it
oh no she's in the bubble get in the
bubble can you get in oh my god I'm not
cut out for this that's okay this game
is a little brainless Oh
oh he gets me Boba Fett I thought you
guys to be pappy oh you get a jet pack
flamethrower
a Bobo flak cannon yeah it's nice
hopefully there's not fall damage no you
gotta
well
that's okay tactical retreat that's a
tactical retreat Oh fuck's sake oh yeah
rich is not killing it have one think
we're outnumbered though horribly yeah
what are the team sizes nope nope nope
oh and they're saying no fall damage if
you jet back so that's good use the tiny
rope only you had that stopped Luke you
astray that'd be great
I've blamed everything on the controller
well I'm sure good stand that's fine I'm
used to controlling the controller I
can't stand it
that's all right reg it's more than that
being used once actively hate it we look
at that look at that that's fun have you
unlocked a little Fiat in what what are
you talking about something what are you
talking about after birth I have barely
played after birth I'm waiting I'm
waiting for the Boveda release just
because that's where I have all of my
Isaac time and it has not yet come out
for ps4 and Vita the afterbirth update
and it's unsure whether or not it will I
know they're having some trouble over at
night patrols porting you can do it rich
I believe in you and what I went around
huh
yeah I heard I heard that a video
release will likely not happen they're
having some difficulties with it both
Vita and Wii U release are looking
sketchy for after birth because they are
there you know underpowered systems
unfortunately but if it doesn't I'll get
around to it I haven't I I have
afterbirth on PC but I just haven't had
much play time so the little play time I
do have a path to birth is great the
room sizes are great the new Monster
design is amazing it's it's so I I'm so
happy for this kind of DLC or it's like
I have so many hours into Isaac and
here's like some new monsters some new
ways to play some new power-ups it makes
the game feel fresh again which is very
which is welcome oh you get to be a ok
so she's got a shield but it's not like
a shield for her it's one of those drops
shield things and then I don't know what
her other things do I think it makes her
gun stronger I think the heal feels the
shield heals oh that could be and then I
think like that's them that's the shield
whoopsie dupes
get down
he's downright you can do Leia can heal
with our one
dad got steel apparently oh great can
you heal other people
for Alderaan really that's awesome oh oh
you got him great for Alderaan that is
so what Leia would say yeah Hamsterdam
it's usually we only we only say stuff
out loud if it's two dollars or more
donation but Hamsterdam this has now
donated a couple times now and wants to
know if we can unbanned him Hamsterdam
Asst made a bad joke and didn't even get
a time out didn't realize the moms would
take it so seriously I won't do it again
I hope this money for pizza rolls makes
up for it Hamsterdam Asst mods whoever
Bandcamp stir Danis if you banned them
today if you can remember why keep
here's to be sorry sorry enough to give
us money so you know oh oh here oh he'll
pick up did you heal yeah great
so you know if depending on how bad the
joke was it was a racist joke oh yeah
you know after how about this after this
stream unbanned him Hamsterdam is you
can no longer talk during this stream
but after this dream unbanned him and
then if you make another bad joke on
your band again and we'll remember you
Leia versus poppy
the mods are doing the job we tell the
mods to keep it cool because we like to
keep it cool oh you did even see
princess shit
the Jaquish trick affair ayat well I am
I am definitely more fair to people who
give us money
you know I'm fair but I also believe in
capitalism the money has a big power but
uh he didn't trade money he did not
trade money for unbanning he used money
to get to gain an audience that's very
different
Hamsterdam is he did not give us money
for an unbanning but in giving us money
he he gained an audience Hey I'll accept
money for an unbanning
that's against watches watch the number
of bannings go up no that would be
illegal I'm sure that would be but you
know I'm like an old-timey Pope I
forgive you how much yeah we forgive you
oh yeah yeah you have to do like 20
prayers though okay but like really do
them $5 paywall or you're all banned
right
I have nothing to do with this my hands
are clean
right what if I give you money to keep
him banned Oh a bidding war
how much look she can't hear you no I
didn't see the joke obviously you know
why I didn't see the joke because our
mods do a really good job cleaning on
stuff yeah our mods do a great job
cleaning that stuff up so we don't see
shit like that and we keep up high
spirits and hopefully keep everyone else
entertained thus the importance of moms
Thank You moms
well I'm Leia again yay hey you did
pretty good as Leia though I know I like
your healing powers I think healing is
really important in games like this so
so I didn't see the joke I've already
made my rash and hasty decision that he
will continue to be banned for the rest
of this
did you get him someone got ya a snappy
got nothing you got to watch out for
that flanking Bobo fat fat
Bobo flank you know what I'm saying
getting your shield here we have to work
as a team Luke grab the heel Luke I
dropped your goddamn yield for a reason
you might not know what it is oh did you
see Boba Fett he's up on those terms
he's up on those bulletproof tarps did
those automatically hit
nice
yes nice apparently I'm a fantastic way
out the tarps are made of Durasteel what
is this Durasteel is this from Star Wars
just our war or something
it's a Star Wars not a crap who's the
Heilig right this is where something
like like you know talking to your
teammates would healthy getting his
hands dirty
nice thanks rich thank you Oh
not fast enough Leia do you think like
Palpatine ever does that like you know
sits up in his starter string just like
I want to kill someone
oh yeah probably all the time I would
love to get into that is people can hey
later do you think it would be cool if I
came down with you like I am this you
know I'm you know I'll stay out of your
way I just want to marry some people
we gotta find the FET yeah that's weird
Joe's guy
there's no costume changes based on the
maps
Leia's in Herr hauff costume Star Wars
game pay money for it because it's got
stores on the Louisville I'm just saying
that would have been you know what that
would have been it's not necessary it
would have been a nice touch you know
that would have been a nice touch Leia
wears like a desert outfit when she's in
the desert not necess
not saying that you know oh yeah babby
yep
shit shit run em are we ever gonna get a
Star Wars Jedi Outcast rim rich did you
ever play it or Jedi Academy I've
screamed before briefly oh yeah yeah no
well there you go
like I'll cast it well there you go
well should we lay all the time Leigh is
great healing rich in a game with no
health packs Healing is very important
of course this sounds like sours this is
great like everything sounds perfect
yeah they have access to the library and
everything exactly then it looks great
The Cure they can make all the sounds
the characters look a little bit like
everyone looks kind of like a chubby 14
year old kid which maybe that's just
them going for their audience but don't
you think like everyone has like a
cherub II look about them mad strats
rich oh you did a lot of damage on look
at that
yep nothing you can do
I don't know about feel with when pal P
is running around like a madman yeah
terrible I think is the work well that
what they're saying is like does it
capture the feel of Star Wars no I could
always I could only assume this is how
I'm making a comeback here's here's my
here's my prediction is this is how the
new Star Wars will feel a little more
action II a little more hyper hyped up
now the pressures on yeah now you're on
now you're Luke alright so your strategy
is to run around like a madman well that
was my strategy that doesn't have to be
your strategy I tried to flank and then
slash people as if I was a crazy person
that was my strategy your strategy can
be should be completely different you
say that it's wrong
yes no no no was that your orbital
strike that killed you might have been
well I didn't set the orbital strike
down so that's not on me oh no I meant
like was that your team's oh excuse me
miss it's you know it's it's actually
tough when the stormtroopers aren't
wearing their helmets I often don't
realize that their stormtroopers or is
that Fett hiding because he can be
anywhere if he was smart he'd be using
the height yep
what happened rich got blowed up by an
orbital strike yeah ruin my Luke mojo a
nice duel with Vader going on how'd they
have hard to have fun hard to have fun
ah yeah he's up on top yeah of course he
is
well can you get to about them I mean
there's maybe or do you just have to
wait a moment as long as you can stay up
there forever of course well then just
protect land it's a drop oh you fucked
up he came down
runway alone
I'm a rebel soldier twice in a row you
can't be the hero every time right
that's bullshit everybody Hackel take
1/3 being a hero I didn't get the clear
sound so little once well maybe maybe
the maybe the bad guys will win oh maybe
I'll sabotage my other team so I can
play as Han Solo of her around that'd be
terrible or even have a better showing
as Luke would be nice
sure now you wailed on Vader pretty well
ooh and you have a super bazooka by the
way I'm gonna save that for a super
villain
you can do this rich Boba Fett's already
down Vader and PAL pee
what he did a kungfu flip over your
rocket yep I know he did that sighs I
was watching it that might have been a
little out of character for Emperor
Palpatine some some some game developers
been watching the Preakness
all right late did it Leia did it
no Clone Wars content in this game I did
they say there was some there are some
Clone Wars stuff in the DLC extra reason
not to have any of the DLC no I really
like the Clone Wars stuff in the old
battlefront games I don't care it's fun
it means nothing to me nostalgia wise it
has no value no no but it was fun game
like yeah nostalgia wise didn't do
anything but it was fun like a game is
fun game
mmm fine super fun game time rich what's
the plan Jack I don't know what you want
to do I don't know great you want say
the rocket League mutaters or you know
of the answer to that is of course I
want to play fucking rocket League but
but can I bring myself to play rocket
League because we play rocket League all
I goddamn time
oh who gives a fuck I played this for
three hours we could play rocket League
mutaters there's streamers you just play
one game over and over again and I know
there's a Yoshi's Island speed runner
who only streams him playing Yoshi's
Island doing the same shit every time
that's the fastest way to do it okay
let's play mutaters then what's that
let's go play some new data and for
everybody showing up late I'm planning
and I'm not gonna call it a marathon I
don't know that I'm gonna go 24 hours
but I'm planning an all-day stream
tomorrow a crazy man's dream I my
Thanksgiving plans are to play various
video games while watching movies and
I'll tell you when I start watching the
movie so if you have your own copy of
the movie you can watch along I'm just
gonna fuck around all day playing Bank
Wish baby skulls of the Shogun I might
go some old-school with some thief what
are we fucking in the mood for yep
yes tomorrow Thanksgiving is tomorrow's
will be happening tomorrow yeah
Thanksgiving is tomorrow that's crazy to
me do you know that that's crazy to me I
don't know if I'm necessarily prepared
for Thanksgiving
I cook Thanksgiving I could Thanksgiving
dinner oh yeah I did for you'd be a run
for it if you're gonna be family you
know family it up oh no like I cook it
oh yeah yeah I know I fretted you'd be
busy I don't know if I have all the shit
my name I need eggs
remember no I have plenty of egg disease
joke time the stores closed so I brought
food for you sure I don't think I bought
something for tonight like picking saves
24 hours I mean yeah most of her you
know the one by me is I don't know if
I'll I don't know if all are I'm just
trying to think if I have everything I
need to go shopping tomorrow it's you
know that's the thing like really
Thanksgiving is like dinner yeah but I
don't wanna miss the parade can I be
honest with you for a second I fucking
love the Thanksgiving Day Parade I
stopped caring when I was 10 I loved it
I loved watching it it's the greatest
what are we doing rocket League yes why
did I point that controller I don't know
why you do anything you do jack it's a
mystery to me it's a mystery to you
don't forget the eggs okay
go ahead I'm gonna I'm gonna get rocket
League start off I'm gonna take a look
at mutaters I love the Thanksgiving Day
Parade we're gonna talk about more about
Thanksgiving Day Parade when rich comes
back cuz I love it actually we're you
know what while rich goes to the
bathroom they play
I thought we just want more oh yeah here
it's crazy I think you know it's been
you just do one then just do one egg
eater I am I am a big eater ate three
eggs every day every morning for
breakfast a three eggs and I fucking
love it
hard-boiled three hard-boiled eggs five
ounces of spinach half a can of black
beans little salt little pepper if I
feel crazy love sriracha so I have for
breakfast every day and it's great
except for Saturday Saturday's my cheat
day
do you think do fuck yeah three
hard-boiled eggs five ounces of spinach
half a can of black beans
that's great
protein drink right I do Gordon grams in
spring you should do Gordon Ramsay's
scrambled eggs those are great scrambled
eggs those are great great scrambled
eggs I used to do those they just too
much work like I got to get breakfast
ready for the kids and stuff get them
off to school so you know hard-boiled
stick them in water boils and let them
sit for 12 minutes boom hard-boiled eggs
that's great
Thanksgiving Day recipes I'm gonna try
something new this year I'm gonna make
I'm gonna make stuffing I'm gonna make
stuffing haters
baby I wouldn't make stuffing and then
put it in the waffle iron to make a
waffle stuffing crunchy waffle like
stuffing to put my gravy and mashed
potatoes on and I'm pretty excited about
that
can't kill Vader so that's good not
hitting anybody
there you go flying so you make you know
you you kind of like half make stuffing
and stick it in the waffle iron so it's
a little crunchy little toasty
waffle stuffing yes
stuffing you put in a while to make
crunchy and then you put your gravy and
some taters on it and I'm really excited
to make that that's my Thanksgiving
thing I deep-fried turkeys every year my
deep-fried turkey and that's really
great because deep-frying shit is
awesome
using a control point oh where is it
where is the control point I thought
you'd be lying so I started the only
problem is I don't know we're doing
control points and I don't know where
the control points are so we're losing
well I'm getting there now I just don't
know how to get up there now I just come
to this here's what I'm doing this year
Thanksgiving rings stuffing in the
waffle line so it's like crunchy waffle
shaped Stephanie pretty excited
yeah pretty excited about it deep-fry a
turkey because I deep-fried because I
deep-fried there it's great deep-fried
turkeys the only way to do it I know
yeah I know I know I have a fire
extinguisher a fresh fire extinguisher
and I've done it before so you know I
think that means we lost the game if we
lose this control point I think we lose
the game
yeah but they already have like three
anyway how do you mainly
Touche
yep I think he's stuck in a rock oh god
I'm cool about deep-frying everybody I
see I'm so cool about deep frying I know
what I'm doing and what to do email
night don't do it leave it alone they've
taken their last one
where do i I know you don't know but I'm
still gonna have I just want to fly the
spaceship can I fly the spaceship Oh
Jack I'm sorry that's all right
can you turn off the game oh yes I
deep-fry outside with a beer in my hand
and it's great it's on a nice kind of
what long big concrete thing and it's
super fun deep frying everything deep
frying turkeys I watched the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade and then I
watched the dog show oh do you watch a
dog show do what you don't like the
Thanksgiving Day Parade I wanted to say
it's Thanksgiving on Thanksgiving means
to me what nothing nothing nothing
that's fine
my family didn't know how to cook turkey
growing up so Thanksgiving to me means
dry turkey dry overcooked turkey you
know my mom also never cooked
Thanksgiving you know what our
Thanksgiving Day tradition used to be
when I was younger and I lived with my
mom is we would get McDonald's and watch
movies all day yep that was it like no
McDonald's with McDonald's is open on
Thanksgiving most our I think McDonald's
is open on Thanksgiving so we would get
McDonald's which you know was a treat
and just watch movies all day
that was our Thanksgiving Day tradition
which is why as soon as I had my own
place I was like no I'm making a fucking
dummy but that was our thing too is we
never we never did Thanksgiving your
battery is dying I know how long is that
cord that the long as cord you got no
I'm gonna have a longer one oh we do
split-screen - fuck yeah weekend
you know the longer part

[Part IV]
you had a longer card sticking it out
see how long it lasts
actually that suitcase thing of mine
that the bag the black one I think my
phone cord isn't there which i think is
the same type of connector yeah
now they let that zipper though that
that one where your your hands real left
hand is just open that all the way up
yeah I bar games games and movies I'm
gonna be here a day is that the right
oh okay what's going on this is
thrilling I know we're doesn't I just
handed my hand listen this is what you
get sometimes rich and I are getting
ready for a new gaming and you might get
asked some at some of us setting up for
the game sounds to me like you guys got
everything it's safe to turn this back
on yeah I so I assume so - I actually
don't know if it is we'll see I
appreciate it the other rich which is my
friends hey you mind if I come over and
I'd say sure the holiday is just not a
super big deal today yeah if you want to
come and bring me Turkey though some
beautiful deep-fried I'm serious it's
all Serena's if you want to come over
here and surprise me with that yeah
that'd be fantastic I might I mean
listen I I also drink on Thanksgiving
join me how do I join great party does
Evan you need to do press options to
Jawa oh my god okay you can I'll go to
the garage so you can change your look I
like my buggy so I'm keeping my buggy
your buggy is my budget damn it you want
a buggy oh well then I'll change let's
see what do I want to be if you're gonna
be that if you're gonna be the buggy I
also like that
oh fuck yeah he'll be they'll be sweet
to it PlayStation exclusive right there
sweet tooth
there we go oh sorry were you still oh I
was fine okay so now play online create
private match random team size Josh
where Josh squash Josh quest thank you
guys for so many hours of hilarious
entertainment hilarious has been very
generous adequate entertainment me and a
few friends watched your your was it's
under center under undertale stream on
mushrooms never been semester at the
same time
that explains the hysterical ooh you
tater settings rich here we go oh you
don't wanna do a custom huh custom you
don't we can so here's the thing so like
you know we're creating our own room
yeah so we can do whatever one pinball
cube with time warp
demolition I don't know what demolition
is what's time warp can we do a
strawpoll time warp is one of the time
slows down to get close that oh I hate
oh I love it
yeah it lets you do fancy things cuz you
have time to think about what you're
doing okay let's do beach ball okay um
game Steve you want the you want time
warp we don't have to know now now with
beach ball
not a huge phone yeah okay default ball
speed default ball type slow for beach
ball whatever you want whatever you oh
wait it's ball speed slow ball wait
super light ball size gigantic gigantic
square slow you want a gigantic square
super light ball bouncing is high
gravity low gravity where's gravity guy
here is gravity whoa
that means your car's going on to
respawn time 30 seconds okay there's our
mutator do we want boost for fun boost
amount
boost amount oh here we go recharge
recharge slow alright okay okay we'll do
four before no three three four okay
yeah let's make it okay
whatever why you know what you don't
cast it's gonna be cast it's gonna be
great no one might score that's that's a
big possibility okay the name of the
room is prereq do we have high bounce
yes ball bouncing this is hot yes oh my
god okay okay the name of the room is
prereq if you want to join and the
password is one two three four go oh god
damn it
do I have to login rich has to log now
for fuck's sake never mind
wait wait turn off the game first so you
can log in and log turn off the game uh
I can't just play as guests apparently
not that doesn't seem right right
is it frozen yeah where else are you
guys you guys are pro duck for it for
your bird you know I like Turkey and and
you know the thing about deep frying a
turkey we're not gonna sign on how does
this work is I go up nope
go back I press up now go to where it
says yeah profile profile sign-in to
PlayStation Network this is what I love
most about deep frying a turkey is ID
the night before tonight before I left
actually you start brining it so you
stick it in a solution of brown sugar
and salt water and you let it soak in
that overnight and that kind of helps it
maintain its moisture I don't know if I
remember my password this might be a
pain in the ass then when you deep fry
it the skin gets super crunchy it's
great and it like it's incredibly
flavorful a little dangerous but you
know that's part of the fun of deep
frying is just watching it what middle
children might burn to death well no
they stay inside
usually it's rather cold actually
tomorrow's supposed to be pretty nice
usually it's rather cold on Thanksgiving
but and I have a fire extinguisher on
hand and I do not leave of course the
deep fryer every every couple you know
every little bit Lisa will yell out the
windows see if I need a fresh beer which
is you know that's just part of
Thanksgiving
how long should take the deep-fried
turkey not long an hour and a half you
know compare that to baking bake oh sure
you know so not not long at all and you
know we normally we get like a small we
don't have like a ton of people over so
we get a small bird but you can always
make more children am i right
I'm sorry about talking about food but
that's part of Thanksgiving like it like
we were talking about earlier like
I I didn't really grow up with
Thanksgiving yeah we we was it was great
we had a great time just watching movies
and eating McDonald's but you know so
like now I try to you know I try to make
it a whole deal just cuz I like it and
like I said thanks Macy's Thanksgiving
Day Parade see the balloons this is the
dumbest thing in the world and I love it
see those balloons going down the street
musical numbers and is dumb and I loved
it I loved every minute of it then you
see the dog show you see super ugly dogs
Ritchie right now you guys aren't what
aren't seeing this but Rich's attempting
to sign in to the PlayStation Network
and I'm sure you haven't signed in to
PlayStation Network in like forever
and so he's trying a series of different
email addresses and passwords hoping
that one oh this could be it please wait
it says please wait in its swirling a
bone we found it he found it
all right okay now you turn the game
back on I love when the balloons fall
into play no I don't know why I love I
love it so much it amazes Thanksgiving
big freighter cuz it's dumb
I like the spider-man flow when I was
younger yeah yeah the old doesn't look
better than the newer one mm-hmm
they get new ones all the time still got
a okay we're changing the password to
make it fair for everyone so the room
name is prereq and the password is four
five six seven done great match here we
go four five six seven room name is
prereq if you want to play mutaters it's
gonna be awesome
god I love this game let's see this
might be a weird set of mutators this
could be I've never played with a large
cube before it should be fun I'm just
saying in general I love this game jack
is on the left
rich is on the right
I did not see these civil war trailer
I'm sure it's great gets you a little
excited oh my god
gets you a little excited for so long
oh that's right and like car gravity is
low to me nuts
Oh God
nope nope nope that's you know what and
that's why I did rocket boost on high
because like a lot of times you just
have to rock it to get anywhere oh no ah
save nice save
get it there
hey I'm not sure I fit the cube once it
no oh god damn it
this is chaos I know it is great this is
utter chaos our only hope is to blow up
the other team look at that look at that
that's great that's fantastic I can't
wait for them for the new big pitch big
pitch the the new in owl in football
they call the field of the pitch
it's great and so in the for the Mad Max
update which isn't you know not
officially Mad Max here we go here we go
here we go get in there get in there now
the the new pitch that comes with it is
bigger it's significantly bigger yeah
than any than I need to have in me all
the boosts are in different spots this
is a bit of a state this is probably a
mistake right but that's okay okay I I
just you know what's gonna be fun about
this is how long can we go you know cuz
it'll go into overtime and nobody will
have scored all the mutaters on this
course I did a random course so no I
think everyone I've ever played has been
on this particular map yeah yeah here
take that
oh now
also this is something I've always
wondered like I have the the sweet tooth
fan people on PC do you see the sweet
tooth fan ever seen it yeah really
no I don't think that was answering my
question I think that was just a thought
someone's gonna score and if you don't
see me with the sweet tooth fan what do
you see I don't know one eye
how would i how would I know if I don't
even know they're supposed to have the
sweet tooth van you know exactly well
that's you know that's managed some kind
of default car yeah you know there is
the default there is a van just
something I've always been curious about
you know because then it would have to
be in the code for the PC version but
they wouldn't allow people to play it
it's super-exclusive
oh oh it's there
no dick you bunch of dicks people
regretting this I'm regretting this but
I love it this is the here's the great
thing about this is this is gonna be an
endurance test you know this isn't about
scale or strategy who can last ah who
can last the longest without fucking up
like I think I've gone minutes without
hitting the ball yeah yeah oh yeah go
just hit it but somehow it went closer
to my goal
here we go oh it's going right on all
right here we are over time over time we
should probably change up the rules
after this nope no we're gonna get two
matches and it's gonna be cryptic it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great and
everything's gonna be Oh everything's
excellent start taking bets on when
someone scores the first goal the only
goal the overtime yep oh god yes passed
down oh my god oh my god oh my god it
was there it was right there ah backing
up backing up backing up back it up back
it in let me again try to battle me
that's us in dip around jump around jump
around the run jump around jump up jump
up and get down jump around jump around
jump up and jump up and get down
everybody jump yeah
yeah and it's up you know what it just
realized like just before when I was
talking about like this sweet tooth man
I was asking a question to the chat and
I have no way of checking the chat right
now because I'm playing the game yeah
I'm sorry about that everybody that was
incredibly rude at me ask questions is
chad there probably someone gave me an
answer
I was like man instead of like ant you
know getting the answers I'll just keep
playing it's really rude of me
I'm very sorry nope that went a
completely different direction how many
flips are so many flops
oh this is just never going to go in you
know it's gonna be a weird bounce it's
gonna be a weird bounce yeah but
someone's gonna someone's gonna get it
someone's gonna get it it's got to
happen right what else it'll just be the
game that never ends get that fucker in
there oh this is the game that never
ends as it goes on my friend some people
started playing and not knowing what it
was
they'll just keep on playing it forever
just because this is the game just keep
on playing forever just between this
cube and you singing you're gonna kill
myself
okay sorry about that everyone really
sorry about that but that's listen
that's where we're going oh you got the
mascot okay
we're gonna we're gonna change some
settings yeah I think that's why some
settings what do you want to average um
but uh by the way what do people see if
they don't see the sweet tooth man
someone tell me now
that's it what's gone what your ears
hurt I'm very sorry it was it was
appropriate I agree I want I want to go
with super heavy large round
let's go medicine ball medicine ball
okay I like it hold on I'm waiting for
an answer they might not know someone
tell me a random car that's it somebody
saying it's a random car something a
merc okay
so the but the point is you don't see
sweet tooth yeah I've never seen it yeah
Merc is the van I don't even think of
that Hey
no no go back go back I can't you can't
well we can quit kiss of the room or
something right you would think well
what do they know I don't want to do
that you would think I'd be able to
cancel the room I made the room maybe
have to spectate first here we go hey
hey sorry people we were we were right
in the middle of something here okay why
is there a third car I don't know that's
weird so I think that's weird that's
super weird that's super weird guests
and charged oh it's just but
okay ball machspeed slow ball top
you
ball bouncing is low let's get a lot of
charges we're going to ram this fucker
return and yeah boo shrink to gravity
normal gravity normal demolish disabled
friendly fire oh my god just have
everyone explode no no we will do
friendly fire though okay
friendly fire respawn sign three seconds
okay
what's backward I know everything
oh okay password for this room is zero
zero zero zero done create match
he ball-sized yeah yeah this is the
mutator thing was it was a was a dlc was
a free dlc it was free dlc it's just you
know which is great it's just them
giving back free dlc for for the rocket
league and yeah they just you can just
mess with all the settings it's actually
a little hard like joining a mutator
match because sometimes you'll join
middle hey it's a cute I know I may be
the ball
well this makes it a little harder so
it's good shit this this boost is
incredible
ah oh my god oh this is like football
before there was passing rugby
never has a clear ball not going gone so
far no bracket back I was kind of fun I
think this is a good setting the big
giant cube yeah it's you know the fun
thing about this is it just makes you it
makes your brain work in a different way
of playing this damn you get so used to
standard rules dole get it on their side
keep it on their side just like they did
to us
there we go hey Matt how fast you have
to hit this thing
there we go
damnit
you blue menace
you know that helps whoa
I missed and that is embarrassing to say
the least
I got confused there was an explosion no
did you blow me up I did not blow you up
what the fuck which were failing yes we
are we're failures Oh
oh my god also Brack attack you are good
or lucky I might have blown you up there
sorry about that if that was me but
there's no guarantee it was me so I'm
gonna work on actually just blowing up
other people my plan to blow up other
people is not working
out of here
get out of here is stupid cute yeah
thank you
give his life
fucking I don't know fucking spooky
Dookie fuck it we're done
there's no way we can come back from
this no not really
just concentrate on destroying them rich
concentrate on their distraction aim for
them
my best
Jesus honey
yeah she's monkey tick Christ yeah
you know I got caught the other day on
the old I'm the old streaming box is a
China Illinois that's alright have you
seen any of his other stuff no he's like
he made he made web shorts I like he did
the hid you ever see like the Washington
short now Washington Washington six feet
tall made of radiation he's got a good
style dug it like not not the greatest
that there ever has or ever will be but
I dug it I'm emotionally exhausted Jack
you're emotionally exhausted emotionally
exhausted from pushing this cube around
yes alright that's fair I didn't know it
was like manual labor I didn't know you
were bringing your emotions and oh my
god you've also been blowing up many
times yes thank you yeah I feel like
you've been blowing up more than anyone
and I don't quite understand that
all right let's change this up again do
you want mister standing match what you
want to just if that would make you
happy so just to get back into it I just
stand a match and if you've played with
us what is it what do we say twice yeah
if you played with us twice let somebody
else in unless nobody else comes in then
you're allowed to come back in okay
there we go wait did you change it back
or is it still at mutator settings go
back yeah but it's just everything's
normal
all right all right making sure yep
all right so anyway prereq and the the
password is zero zero zero zero
oh I'm a rookie and who needs to click
ok everybody I met silver in doubles and
and hey thank you thank you
congratulations
so great Brad Miele made all these
wonderful shorts and now now he has a TV
show called China Illinois I think it's
fun it's way it's weird it's it's just
that right kind of weird and but it's
unique weird you know I feel like
everyone does weird now so it's fun to
see a unique
nope how did I miss that
save your wealth oh thank you thank you
look at this look at that awesome save
and then Neal Breen returns you know why
why cuz he's Neal because he's neo brain
of course fucking meal Breen gets in on
it get out of town get right the fuck
out of town unless you really are Neal
Breen then you stay here cuz your
glorious center ring shotgun specialist
sort of a bitch rich
I got upside down maybe zero fucking
points though I got upside down zero
point that's never you never want to be
upside down never not upside down
fuck you yeah
oh gosh getting schooled by Neal Breen
okay look at that attempt look at that a
a Liz like right there but just like
just an inch just an inch away from it I
just can't there are no words this
happens sometimes you know you just have
those games sometimes you have those
games where nothing makes sense in the
world you know and I get that don't let
it get you down though you know why
there's still a chance for all or now
there's a real chance for victory before
I was blowing smoke up your ass but now
there's a real chance for me to down we
get we got almost four minutes left
that's a lot of times a lot of that's a
lot of time to make up some ground make
up a lot of time to come close and fall
short you know what you know what orange
we only got to win by one that's the
truth you only got to win by one we
don't need to blow him out of water
right now you're down by two yeah but we
only got to win by one oh my god
there you go there you go now we're
talking
no Hale nice with the with the with the
block at the goal the goaltender tendon
goal being with it
feeling the Breen shit missed no cream
is the best now goddamn it oh that was
the best rocket League player to ever
play rocket League yeah no he invented
rocket Lee he teaches other people ha ha
he could win any game he could win any
game but he chooses he chooses not to
because for sportsmen like reason well
fuck I almost knock that in our call
Breen is so good he almost made me knock
it in my
fuck fuck fuck
I mentioned I hate chaos sir you hate
chaos four versus four oh it is it's
nuts
it's not ranked for a reason oh sure
because there's just so much there's too
much randomness
there's too much this ball bouncing all
over the oh my god
yeah brain resist be with us watches
watches get your score out of there oh
just just a caress he gently blew a kiss
on that ball causing it to score
chef Toby there will be an episode of
half of the bag upcoming don't worry
about it
I'll be around everything's everything's
everything we had to get them space cop
DVDs made you want to buy Christmas
right oh my god now I'm hitting my own
teammates
centering pass to nowhere oh no I was
there I was there brother
what stop it stop it
everything's terrible no Neil brims
neoprene is life neoprene is love Neil
brain is never ending oh my Jesus Jesus
Jesus these are the end times rich Neil
brain is using his power for his own
personal game you know what that means
that means I flipped the ball over your
head while I but yeah but I I wasn't
aiming for the ball just aim to stop you
if if brain starts using his powers for
evil
it means that the world is lost it's a
good thing he's not guys oh well you're
on his team of course you would say
daddy agreement
probably didn't do much good doing that
what did you do I kind of hit it back to
the middle
can I hit it back to the middle hoping
we could kind of more and more center it
bicycle hit the ever popular bicycle oh
oh that I mean was that you no no that
was just he Breen hit it a little too
high no somebody rammed into me I was
about to he hit him perfectly from the
beautiful centering the Neal brain
centering pass oh and somebody rammed
into me and I gave it way too much urine
and all sorts of trophies here just
doesn't understand things oh because I
have intense teams yeah it's all
completely meaningless to me we're doing
one more all right one more I'm ready
Neal Breen come on come on man
Jameis Jameis swim Jameis me a brain of
course is MVP if if Mia Breen was an MVP
we'd have a bigger problem on our hands
they like your name
what
okay all right here we go here we go
oh that I did I try knock the ball away
from you
ah always Neil green on my side now oh
man
made it may the breezes be with you all
sorry Karate Kid
oh you did that right you set him up oh
please just bouncing right off of you
bounce right out for you and into the
goal into the glory goal the glory goal
well
oh that was me that was my fault shit
shit shit got to make up for that oh
that was almost really bad if you guys
score here it's my fault
you know
okay now it's back here so it's know
what point isn't your fault jack
now that what are the what about what is
lost saying on that as now that it's
back over here it's not my fault anyway
it went it went over by our side because
I hit it over there and if you guys
would have scored it would have been
Michael look that's my that's my father
that's totally my that's on me yeah
that's on me let's see this let's see
the replay yep yep see you hit it over
there yeah that's so laniel but now
let's say someone somewhat eslint when
the ball goes back to the point of error
so if it would have gone back to the
corner that's when it ceases to become
your phone it's almost like the reset
button whoa what that's crazy
yes what that's crazy
okay
yeah Jack did that and I did nothing I
don't I don't think I've done anything
this round look at that zero zero zero
I have done nothing this round oh there
we go I have one five five points with
the first touch
I hope
oh my god just getting batted around
like I'm like a redheaded stepchild like
what
sure sure is again I'm just getting
knocked all over the place yeah I like
redheads step down no more like being
beat up though I've mainly swung around
getting swung around like Kate Winslet
on the Titanic - labored getting I'm
getting swung getting swung around like
a 90s gap commercial yeah like that
no I callback callback Monica not
necessarily a callback more more a
reference to a reference to something in
the 90s
gosh
gosh gosh gosh no boo nice damn it damn
it damn it damn it damn it
getting uh getting getting swung around
like a getting swung around like I don't
know if I got out there like Michael J
Fox is 9-iron whoo okay
gettin swung around like an elderly
meeting of the large-chested Women's
Club Wow
stop trying just just stop trying yeah
yeah I need to the huge thing that I'm
not gonna
I didn't I didn't keep you from scoring
okay look at that look at that
let's see that oh great that was great
unfortunately Neil Breen returned the
upper neoprene is here forever
yeah
boom boom I get an assist I got the
assist high-five me a brief give me
something that's all I got rich look I
got one assist and that's it give me
that give me that
so looking at our positions jack yeah
the better is it better to be the top
player on a losing team or the worst
player on a winning team I don't know I
don't know I think both villages I think
it's very interesting I think very
interest I think both have their their
advantage it's like obviously like no
matter what my team wins right just
because I'm bottom scorers I can still
won and I scored something I got one
assist so that's really nice and you
know try all you want you still lost
that being said you know if you look at
this points you've beaten several people
on my team and by several I mean me oh
my god this is sick this is just sick
and so you know you've done better than
me but yeah it's it's at this point it
just doesn't matter because we're
winning right by a stupid amount also
it's eight to one
that was embarrassing
always embarrassing when you like you
know go for him just she has to be with
like that just that twice in a row now
just whipping it
somebody was nice enough to to give us a
goal it wasn't me I was trying to block
it thank you
what is that dision tendencies decidin
tendencies
oh all right
are you done that's about it it's
getting late
we gotta mosey
okay we got a straight-up mosey
thank you I read someplace I do and read
them all night rice when I did was whole
cat striker okay what the fuck indeed
Dirk
slam chest pizza train 11 the laziest
non-communist hairy fed thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do we're gonna do
okay so you are doing a mega stream
tomorrow I'm gonna my guest room I'm
probably you know what I'm probably
gonna just keep going for a bit tonight
what's the difference you do you man
yeah you do you let me quiet be warned
do you want a rich rich solo stream this
is just I'm my lazy Thanksgiving Day and
I figured I'll just fucking stream it
fuck not watch movies and play games do
it with an audience they want to watch
think I'm watch there you go but uh
thanks for coming out everyone have a
happy Thanksgiving if you celebrate
Thanksgiving and if not have a good
Thursday you know watch a parade watch a
dog show it'll be great bye hit a button
alright I'll probably be back in a
little bit I'm gonna

[Part V]
Transcript missing
