Mar 11, 2015
Homeworld, Hand of Fate
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3956582
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3962999
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3963101
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3963220
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3963236
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWYfC6oEBEQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqNwQ9NDMm4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsCgXXImsOo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLNeQqMs45w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-RpWLkmC78
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/575709617990299650

[Part I]
homeworld for what deep doo-doo for what
doo-doo-doo-doo
homeworld for what are we really
streaming cuz I just was the singing
homeworld for what great yes you are
seeing for no Rousseau wasn't singing
for no reason
that's true game is pretty loud in my
head set the game down how's the audio
what everything everybody how's everyone
done you're playing game it's true we're
playing a game we're playing homeworld
remastered collection it's working no
good beep that beep boop it's just a
great song good audio oh my god Oh
enriched thought he was testing audio
doing a recording he actually was
streaming for like a minute and a half
on Sunday it was hilarious of course I'm
still not getting anything but other
people say they're seeing something so
great welcome to the Wednesday night
stream rich is gonna play homeworld
remastered I'm going to see homeworld
remastered for the first time to confirm
my suspicions that this is not a game
that I would generally I think that's
what I'm assuming
JJ just said hi bye JJ's jilted you all
pretty much pretty much heard you were
here and he left the room yeah happily I
think he was just coming in to jibber
for a little bit but apparently he has
some more work to do so that's okay my
voice I am slightly sick
not not anything terrible but I'm that
I'm that stage of like a coffee cold
where my voice is becoming a little
deeper or than normal and I'm getting a
little raspy ER right now I should
record a jazz song because I get that
nice timbre I am starting game do you
like that okay game.js here
JC her days working he's gonna come in a
little bit know more about either so you
know what I should check first there's
subtitles in whole long I never I have
never seen home world before this is
something there's the thing about home
world right okay I'm gonna be terrible
at this game I've said this before
uh-huh I played home world when it came
out and I love everything about whole
world except for the type of game it is
because I've never been a big fan of
real-time strategy okay but you like
everything else about I I love story but
I hate real-time strategy look there are
some dos nice
rich is playing an RTS Barry hey I'm
gonna be that guy thank you for
subscribing very much appreciate my
where's Mike he couldn't he couldn't
make the last eighty two streams really
yeah he keeps the he's ki keeps saying
he's gonna be here deep inside no he
usually you're singing stone Jim Messina
thank you for subscribing very much
appreciated MC Lucas has been with us -
no mine was etched a galactic map game
audio is tend a single word more ancient
on the clans themselves humberto Cabbage
Patch thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it I'm gonna try
to get I'm taking it a little slower
than I normally would just cuz my voice
is
and I feel like the plans were uniting
like that's a massive colony ship
clothes designer construction would take
six time you know so camber patch was
was for at least yesterday
$28,000 plans Bill Kurtis I don't know
it would demand new technologies new
industries and new sacrifices the
greatest of these was made by the
highest Karen suggests who had Jack is
not really integrated into the colony
Shattuck it's nothing at home when
you're sick
she there's no commands literally poison
that's it the promise of a got stoned
Frank knighted the entire population not
to drink boys every mind became focused
on the true origin of our people every
effort on the construction of the ship
well it was a circuit that could be fun
but among the stars it's not happening
tonight
I did have an energy drink before we
started so you might there's a small
possibility that you might get
slap-happy Jack but there's really no
guarantee right now caffeine is just
keeping me away
scaffold controlled standing by all
fishes great how long is this movie
right I don't environment reverses
integer I don't care if degree I don't
care see the problem is we have to turn
down the game volume so they can't hear
us
my problem is not from a cutscene
perspective it's from a production
perspective well right now the game is
really loud this is the moment I know
I'm telling worried about you shame your
social status what can end online
research a lot of Muslims in the
cutscene construction online
cryogenic subsections even you say sup
take us all right now I didn't buy any
control stand by for my walk
yes to line the concern absolutely and
diabetes people
all caliper things
yeah
warriorship looks great
glorious Julian timid like I said they
can't kill other shit let's clear this
gap for all the better for them to enjoy
looking at this beautiful ship it does
look great
you know it looks great
oh that's a good question rich when do
they start fighting the Halos they you
fight the Halos
in the space games fight the Halos yeah
stand by for command-line testers do you
fight a halo halo man like green and if
you plead it's like an ancient
okay now can you turn down the damn boy
turn it all down yeah yeah would be okay
here we go making it happen
Oh in halo you halo with a halo gotcha
Frosty's snooze now this does not sound
any quieter man thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
is it quieter to the judge that's a
question my headphones for some reason
it sounds identical nothing's changed
we're gonna see where the fourth I don't
know it's not that I can't sit through
cutscenes like I said I was just worried
about you
gibbering for you guys and you guys
hearing us seven of Borgnine we very
much appreciated also old Pete thank you
for subscribing both of you for the past
four months very much appreciate it
sergeant
they're saying it's there's no change
there's no change in the real thing
that's crazy
change something here oh now it's quite
can I change the resolution because this
monitor is cutting off important H HUD
elements I can't see things look on so I
need to fix this before we go I'm
probably need to fix that in like your
monitor settings okay now it sounds good
gotcha
apparently once you've clicked out of
the menu it changed the volume okay
that's weird why would they design it
that way
well because you have to probably it the
accept button alright it's not letting
me change the fucking resolute vs.
alright we're gonna fix this in whatever
you have to make a change on the damn TV
I don't think you can change it and I
mean maybe I have no idea how do I use
this TV what I can't use the TV why
can't I use the TV is there thing for
aspect ratio on here yeah where I don't
know here where what's going on
I don't know right no I have not played
hotline Miami 2 yet I am looking forward
to I really enjoyed the first hotline
Miami
Oh pea-sized that's even worse yeah this
is something
oh this yes yes there we go yes Jack did
it Jack fixed it I'm the master of
clickers ah yes that did it perfectly
oh great I could see everything on the
screen just to click the P size until it
says fit the pea size there's a little
button at the bottom here that says pea
size that means picture size oh yeah
pretty good
dildo Calrissian formation thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it also butch
Deloria thank you for subscribing we do
really appreciate it five months in a
row now this is like other other than
playing a few of the stages when I first
got it this is like my first time
playing homeworld in grape in ten years
I wasn't good at it I wasn't good at
this game to begin with uh-huh so this
is going to be just horribly
embarrassing
excellent that's the most fun for me
because usually I embarrass myself
when we play these kinds of video games
crow T robot thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it how do i
watch this goddamn thing what are you
talking about you watching this is what
you do i we will talk about Apple logics
Justin Horan Horan ZAR Justin hormon
thank you for subscribing
just in horror of a man thank you Chris
that's good here's what here's what I
want to say about Apple watches Richy
have you been paying attention to the
Apple watch thing it's exactly so Apple
had its big sales pitch they have two
big sales pitches a year one a sweet web
developers conference and one was just
this was like basically saying what what
we're working on over here at Apple and
so this was like for it so for anyone
who isn't an incredibly big Apple fanboy
like I am you know you watch this thing
live and ready and they they give a
presentation on what Apple is working on
but we can expect new products coming
out new software updates it's really
it's a really awful nerdy fun time and
the big thing that Apple has been
working on is the Apple watch which is
like it's like that gets like a like a
gadget launch you know like a smartphone
on your watch like a Dick Tracy like a
Dick Tracy watch absolutely and so it
has apps you know you can get
notifications on your watch you can text
it seems stupid because the screen would
be way too small to be useful yeah
absolutely
screens pretty small but it's also like
a like a health monitor it can like
track your heart rate even it can even
track your heart rate like it it can
take your pulse has a lot of really cool
features to it until we we go to the
prices of the Apple oh yeah so remember
it's like a tiny cell phone except for
you know like no camera on it and
the cheapest model ez bed is 350 dollars
for the screen on your wrist
that's not stupid it sounds incredibly
slow exactly would you want to go back
there well it's just and you know I I
have some friends who have liked the
pebble which is a was a kick-started
SmartWatch that like works with all
sorts of phone has like a ink on it and
they they seem to enjoy it
but to me it's like lifting up your hand
to look at your watch why not just look
at your phone why not just get your
phone out of your pocket yeah it's it
and I'm not a watch person in general I
hate things
but yeah watches always made my my bro
so yeah I always hated that I agree I
agree I've decided I just don't like
things on my skin and so maybe it's
because I'm not a watch person but also
three hundred and fifty dollars for
something that you're gonna bang around
that you're gonna lose that you're gonna
scratch up that's gonna be obsolete in a
year you know but so that's just the
introductory price with with an aluminum
case then you go to the steel case and
it starts at five hundred dollars oh my
god just for a different case no rich
we're not done yet
Apple is manufacturing in limited
quantities in gold
i watch okay and you know how much that
is going to go really yes
I'm not joking with you at all I'm very
proud of myself Ruth happen just by
happenstance for being right for
thinking that this is ridiculous
ten thousand dollars Gold's expensive
gold is expenses expenses Gothas
expenses that's the thing and if you
have an iPhone already what's the point
of the damn watch all its gonna all the
watch is gonna do is make it more
difficult to like if you get a text
right you can see it on your watch which
is nice it's like oh look I can see it
on my watch and the watch has Siri and
so if you wanted to you could talk to
your watch band dog and be like oh yeah
you know like yeah you get a message and
saying you know pick up eggs and you can
say oh no problem and it'll text back
but who uses Siri like that anyway day
to day I use Siri a lot like if I'm
driving I'll have Sierra get me
directions return texts I use Siri but I
would never like if I was like at the
grocery store I would never like talk to
my phone if I wasn't having a
conversation with someone yeah so I
would certainly not talk to a watch it
seems ridiculous
I've never used a sir you've never used
this area I used to it's quite nice it's
quite nice I'm just getting into it
recently I was on a long drive you know
what's nice look at that look at that
gorgeous fucking spaceship that is nice
look at that look at that's woman it's a
spaceship Jack yeah built the spaceship
the old congratulations little tugboat
that's quite enough Pro but it's gonna
take that probing and bring back my
mothership I like it I like his little
his little engine sound that's cute I
think that's cute
Jack: Uh, turn up for what? Hello.
Jay: What just happened?
Jack: I just said hello.
Rich: I don't know.
Jack: I just wanted you to talk so I could yell hello.
Jay: Oh. Hey everybody. I'm here, too.
Jack: And he seems so excited.
Jay: I'm just in the middle of typing.
Rich: He's so sad to be here.
Jay: Why would I be s-, I don't have to be here.
Jack: Jay, there's spaceships.
I just had to well don't know I just
wanted you to talk so I could get a
level oh hey everybody I'm here to and
he seems so excited I would have he said
I don't have to be here J their
spaceships like just in general I mean I
know it exists no their spaceships on
the TV they look pretty cool and one day
in the middle of their giant desert they
discover a a long ancient crashed
spaceship and they believe they didn't
originally into that planet there
there's something they have some other
whole world out there the galaxy mm-hmm
so they build this giant mothership and
they're going to look for their real
home they're gonna look for their
gunshot fade to black
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it also Art
Crime two nine nine nine
thank you for subscribing we really do
appreciate it
so you were talking about
oh no I haven't paid I don't care about
the stupid I watch so I usually watch
those Apple Keynote seven watch the new
one yeah I don't care about the I know
it just seems it seems like a step or
two backwards it's 100 look we're past
this but by the way you know what you
can do so something really neat about
the watch I never I would never ever get
a watch I'm gonna say that right now so
you're not gonna get an Apple watch and
I don't recommend that anyone does it
right so one of the neat features is you
know take it could take your pulse it
can like read your blood pressure oh
okay
which is great and then it also has
hectic feedback and so instead of
getting like a ring notification it'll
tap you okay and what you can do and I
don't know how this is they plan on this
being useful you can tap messages to
other people that seems like five steps
backwards it's like Morse code right
isn't that crazy
yeah why can't you just speak the
message into the watch you can you came
assuming you can do that yeah then why
bother with the stop bullshit
okay this is what I'm saying yeah this
one it's crazy it's it's dumb and crazy
and I don't understand the things I'm
hearing and then they announced their
new MacBook their MacBook Air oh it has
like one port right it ever seems like
the dumbest thing so you can't charge it
while like hooking an external hard
drive or something and do you need an
adapter but those no no remember most
people though don't mean external hard
drives anymore sure but I mean anything
you want to plug in you can't do that in
charger you need to plug in it I don't
know whatever no you know still plug
things in I don't think so I don't think
they should I guess that's kind of what
Apple's trying to get their new laptop
has one return torn space and assistant
no no USB ports they have the new USBC
port oh that seems like a pain in the
ass because a lot of old shit still uses
USB adapters to bind so be a transition
but you only got you only got one
fucking slot for all that shit
with that you don't need it anymore the
majority of people don't need the point
I think most people do still sure I
think they're jumping the gun a little
especially yes you got a person to the
heart right though you're not gonna have
us fast a connection speed with wireless
I don't think oh sure at this point it
has wireless connections are super fast
nowadays and getting rid of the ports
means getting rid of a ton of internal
shit like the the entire everything of
this computer is like this family yeah
that's about the size of barium and so
they've just filled the entire body with
battery okay and like they've made it
they they made like a special tapered
battery so so it's like 100 percent of
the inside is filled with either battery
or the banana sized internal components
it's crazy okay but it's incredibly like
it's not as powerful it's like not a
step up in Peyer it's just a step up in
like famous lightness and battery come
on
but Jack it's dinner is sure I don't
give a fuck about the fitness yeah I've
never had any use for a MacBook anyway
it's like I have a regular computer for
editing and doing all that stuff and if
I want something portable I have an iPad
Lee yeah that's all I need sure don't
even need those really cuz I got a phone
definitely don't need a watch that is
less useful than iPhone
but you can see kids with all their
gadgets you can send a message from your
watch to someone's iPad and they could
reply on their iPhone to your other life
and maybe this is true these are things
you can do
oh that's true
the the one really neat thing about the
new MacBook no fans oh I've got no
moving parts whatsoever solid-state hard
drives ok yeah ok but the real thing
about the keynote was they're new
the and I'm surprised this hasn't been
like a bigger world news Apple is
hooking up with major medical
researchers to incorporate the medical
data you can put into your phone and
have special medical apps for research
purposes ok so like their example was
like a Parkinson's test made by you know
Parkinson's Foundation where everyone in
the world who has an iPhone can take
this test for free and give them a
million for research see that's where
interesting to me but I think the the
common person I just want to know if
it's lighter and thinner yes perplexed
ape thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we do but like
they kicked off the key numbers with
this whole like a medical research stuff
and I was like this is fascinating
they're talking about life like we can
cure diseases perhaps and I've won it's
open source anyone can develop and you
know get gathered data oh every was
doing something
source yeah that's kind of different for
that it is Wow it's really different but
it's a big deal huh yeah no people don't
care about shit like that it's a trap
what colors did this thing to do Oh
MacBook come in how do they have colors
yet they do it comes in gold space Oh
seriously
Oh God Gold's faith grain white see
that's more important than any sort of
but more importantly the watch is also
coming Branko ready and you can change
the bands I miss the old IMAX were they
were like big and clunky and neon color
they kind of look like wonky light bulb
they look like pairs that didn't grow
quite right they were transparent so you
can see the guts Oh sir kindy says he
just got an iPhone 6 plus and regret
every moment of it
oh that's too big is that oh is the 6
plus the big family family you know why
cuz it sounds
what the fuck space vagrant thank you
for subscribing we very
do we I do do we I do i do i don't know
about you i think o is not the size you
don't mind the size circuit so do you
have a problem with yeah that's great
cuz i OS great phablet sounds like an
overweight hobbit or something
absolutely what about second breakfast
oh you're such a phablet elevenses what
are all their meals yeah
oh it's his first iphone experience oh
it takes an adjustment but once you get
used to it it's it's pretty useful
pretty great you'll get used to it it's
fantastic no rich he'll never get used
to it yes we're going to go back to his
Nokia brick phone is a device that I
used to text people I'm not browsing the
fucking Internet my god damn phone
well that's you though yeah I use it for
work I keep track of stats and data bad
things with molecular structures and I'm
just going to already darkness there for
a second no reason do you have the
YouTube creator app really I just
started playing the road that I was like
this is a thing yeah I can approve
comments on my phone yeah it's great
because I have to do that because of you
breaking out the big guns yeah no no I
enjoyed them all oh not the moment I'll
join them all come on I hate them all I
went to the mall the other day for the
first time in forever yeah it's just the
worst you know you have to it's like
Dawn of the Dead where it's just people
wandering around like zombies they're
completely unaware of their surroundings
and they're always in your way
that's true it's like the grocery store
is the same thing you have to go with
the plan you never it doesn't matter if
you have a plan you have to maneuver
around all these idiots
no I'm saying this for the idiots okay
whether it's the mall of the grocery
store you go in with a plan no they
don't and that's the problem you will
never find people more unaware of their
surroundings than at the grocery store
they're staring off at nothing in their
carts right in the middle of the aisle
so you can't get around them on either
side they move super slow and they're
staring at the ceiling they're always
just like looking up
it's the worst can we know the grocery
store is the worst yes okay yeah you go
wrong that time that's not no one's
there all the people that are there and
you know what they get shit done
oh they have to walk their job
well I'm gonna go across the street shop
there then and why me I'm like I like
these here fuck out of here I'm rich if
we know people have that attitude gonna
be I'm gonna under play them under pay
employee am I supposed to give a fuck
what you think
today I finally got around to watching
Black Mirror oh yeah and I have to say
that pigfucker episode it was great yes
start with a bunch starting the show off
with a bang gets your attention much
late I couldn't like I took me a while
to watch more episodes after that that
was just too intense I like that kind of
thing so now Pig fucking intense things
like movies or TV shows they're intense
just to clarify what everybody's
thinking now but then oh but also I was
like really disappointed because there
was there seemed to be no technology
elements to that episode not so much
with that one I mean it's like they
upload the thing to you too sure but
there's uh yeah not as much in that one
is later episode yeah as soon as we
eventually at least and I like fucking
given another chance maybe this one
won't have a big fun this one won't end
with a marriage completely falling apart
because a guy fucked a pig boy oh shit
yeah I guess we gave away the ending
whatever you know what don't watch that
one first watch the second episode first
the second episode so great is the
second one would be the eye implant
thing no that's the third one that's
great that's that one's probably one of
my favorite that one's brother the
second ones with the people who ride oh
good yeah that one's really good too um
it's like amazing like this is the show
that I signed up for where does this
fucking pig fucker coming so start with
the second episode that's what I'm
saying yeah yeah that third episode is
so good
is what it is the elk 801 thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it but yeah that
that I implants everything is recorded
the premise is and just perfectly
executed to care for her well and it's
so like what I like about it is that
it's showing this technology that could
potentially exist someday and what
happens is exactly what would happen
absolutely everybody would lose their
fucking minds because they would want to
know what their their significant other
is doing all the time no and then like
his character you know he's a lawyer and
he everything he does is so strategic
and by the book where he's like he is a
fucking lawyer yeah like this episode
was written by a lawyer yeah you know
when you said this let me just clarify
your statement is like beautiful what
Erica here is is press B to dick punch
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it also vodka
gimlets
thank you for subscribing the last eight
months now we very much appreciate you
style units press beat and dick punch
yeah the the x-factor like episode with
the guy in the cubicle how many of you
watch no just the one just up to the eye
break they're all good I really got a
bad in a seconds lunch well that's a
great episode but it's a great if so I
just I don't know if I could ever
marriage ended I mean he saved a guy he
had to fuck dude he saved someone yeah
but he fucked a pig and well more
importantly the wife told him not to
fuck to be my wife wanted somebody to
die yeah she's terrible person and he's
better off without
G shots thank you for subscribing well
this is a terrible thing all around for
everybody it's true but the wife should
really be more understanding really the
husband is a hero you know that it's a
horribly awkward way to be a hero that's
easy to say rich when you're not in
position where someone you love has to
fuck a pig and it's not just that he has
a fucking pig he had to fuck a pig to
his completion yes because you know like
they had all these specifically about
you you know porn in the background they
did like you know I got you're not
thinking of the pig well he also rich he
was just a glorified flashlight at that
point a big mirage he also had to do
this on live television okay so it
wasn't just like in a private room
somewhere like the entire cup you know
everybody was seeing this on TV just the
world know that a life was at stake
yes yes okay okay I think you're way too
nice I think I think if this really
happened yeah thank God it hasn't but if
this were to really happen I think
people would understand all this poor
man is being forced to do it oh sure no
and again we've already spoiled episode
we have orally spoiled the episode after
he fucks the pig everyone loves him yeah
except for his wife who told him not to
fuck a pig yeah it's it's uh it's so
well done mmm-hmm except for it's
incredibly nauseating yep yep they film
a like simulated pig fuckin for the
episode there was a little pig there I
mean and him humping something I'm just
I'm sure they found a way to do it was
tastefully done as far as Pig fucking
goes I wonder if the creators of twitch
ever thought their platform would be
used for a discussion about pig fuck
what a world what a world and then the
moral of the story is watch black mirror
maybe skip the pig fucking episode
because then it gets into the sci-fi
stuff yeah the fun technology stuff yeah
yeah there's apparently a Christmas
episode that is not on Netflix
oh that aired somewhat recently like Jon
Hamm is in it I guess oh cool I don't
know where you can see that one yet like
they've done and what oh is that a
tractor beam yes I'm telling them to
garden to show everybody to move this
ship to salvage this one this looks
really great
I love aspects of it right everyone's
saying don't skip the pigfucker episode
right no reasons for saying not to watch
it or not that it's a bad episode no I'm
saying it's a little too in town it's a
great herb it sounds like a fascinating
premise it is and it's plank it's not
played like for humor and like it's
played like if this were to really
happen and that's what the whole show is
what is the motivation behind it well
but it's it's a little more spoilers
well I mean it doesn't matter this one
it's left up in the air but apparently
it was a modern art project that's
terrible yeah yeah and the guy who
orchestrated it gave away everything I'm
sorry to anyone that was looking forward
to watching it is the only fucking watch
it's good it's really good I haven't
seen it but I kind of want to know you
should you should you should watch it
it's a good show black mirror black near
it's a Netflix
there's only six episodes but they're
all like and they're so well done like
they all feel like then production
quality wise like movies oh it all
really really well put together
absolutely
I'm absolutely speaking of production
quality I don't think either of you will
care about this but I'm gonna talk about
it okay
PlayStation has recently decided that
they're going to get into the original
content game TV show oh oh you said game
and I thought PlayStation is like what
does that mean well so Sony's making
original TV shows that air on
PlayStation Network okay and are free to
watch for PlayStation Plus members I
have a PlayStation Plus members and so I
was really excited about their first
your PlayStation Plus members I think so
I thought I said member but it's quite
possible that I misspoke and so maybe
I'm multiple people Oh original content
the original content the first show
they're making is powers which is based
off of a comic book I've heard of this
comic a friend of mine is a big fan of
it it's really it's a good series really
good series um I really enjoyed the
writer he does a lot of great stuff it's
it's a really fun there's books about
the superhero love division of a
superpower and stuff
one of the ugliest shows I've ever seen
overtly everything is a cheaper set than
space cop or green screen oh no really
that bad huh oh my god it looked awful
oh wow and like there you know like it
doesn't have huge names but like sharlto
copley is the star okay he's champion
he's jabbing tapi he sees chappie he's
in district 9 he's in Elysium he's
Murdock in the know it's it's just it's
they fucked it all up
it's really awful they messed up the
basic premise which is like it's it's a
cop drama like yeah cop drama we're
superheroes
boom simply are they not straight-up at
that being the stories they're not
straight-up adapting the stories they're
not it so not only does it look ugly but
they've rewritten it to the point where
it sucks yeah oh no yeah it's really oh
yeah if you're gonna start doing like
original content you got to start off
you know good wouldn't you think Yahoo
screen is picking up community
oh that's already an established show
it's a good show so yes start with
something the erotic mr. rose thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
and it's you know it's it's it's nerd
Tim so Sony had the right idea like ooh
well-known indie comic yeah critically
acclaimed Kylie even I've heard of it in
the superhero genre superheroes are so
hot right that's true so we'll do like
superheroes but gritty a horrible glory
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it but yeah it's
terrible it's really really terrible mmm
that's too bad but I do recommend
everyone you pick up those power books
they're great like they fucked up the
books start with the city's most beloved
superhero being brutally murdered the
greatest superhero ever
is murdered and so it's like it starts
on a real note and you can just tell
like everyone loves or everyone's
devastated then she's a good one god
this one now she still how long has this
been airing it's one episode so far in
the first episode is so they're not
releasing them all at once like Netflix
those first episode came out yesterday
I'm sorry for your loss Oh our three
episodes now available I just saw the
one and also the way that Sony is
handling this on their device so like
you know Netflix you want to watch
something right what do you have to do
to watch something on Netflix music
gonna Netflix yeah and then like why you
click on something you get to watch it
like right away yeah isn't that great
it's very convenient
that's super I think it's the reason
that Netflix is as popular as it is sure
because they make what they make
watching your thing really easy yeah so
do you know how you need to launch the
Sony original programming
how's that you need to download it no
God really yeah you need to go into one
app download it then go into go out of
that ass go into a separate app of your
video app open it up and watch it really
you sure there's not a another way to do
this oh my god awful
oh that sounds awful
well someone saying they streamed it
Jack who's streaming it cinnamon
cinnamon I wasn't able to stream it how
you use treatment idea I wasn't able to
streaming I had to download it mmm how
would you tell me how if you can stream
it my ability to stream it was not it
was not presented okay and you know me
I'm incredibly dumb I needed to be laid
out in very simple terms I even a big
old dummy can figure out Netflix yes a
picture of the thing you want to watch
you click the ok button boom
I thought you could stream any video you
started downloading yeah but you have to
download it first
I did go through them well I went yeah
went to the Vita story not the ps4 store
because I can watch it on my video
maybe that's the problem but this is the
this was the ideas on PlayStation yeah I
can access netflix on my phone how you
watch the bad show it's still bad is of
no consequence it's a very bad shit it's
very are you are you shocked that's bad
you know companies trying to make a TV
show that's a console exclusive but
there now I'm Sony is also a movie
company they have resources Brian
Michael Bendis the writer is on as
producer he's a great writer know the
writer of the comic the writer the comic
he might have written the show I don't
know maybe you can't write for TV but he
you know he's involved I'm not a
production on a creative
yeah so I don't know if I'm surprised
that's that's the question I'm
disappointed some really really
well-executed content made for streaming
services now yeah that's like sand you
know
Amazon's got some good stuff I haven't
watched a lot of it but I know something
that's good yeah so yeah I mean that's
kind of where things are heading towards
a little surprising that's something
that should be looking would pop up if
you're trying to jump start your own
original content you gotta make it good
yeah it's a weird it's a weird I even
lost my train of thought
completely I'm trying to get it back
when are you in a space battle yes
awesome
this looks like a game I want to play if
I really enjoy all the vets in space
that's right Showtime and HBO are
starting their own standalone streaming
service Oh a new HBO is I ain't heard
Showtime is Jovan's as well
HBO that'll be the death blow to cable
absolutely
well no no that won't be the death blow
if if ever
ESPN decides our legacy I mean I know
yes the sports are popular is that and
like the sports package are the big
that's true those are yeah a man cave
woman well even when I had it I didn't
watch it because my roommate wanted it I
haven't had any use for cable in like a
decade all right cat though dare hoonjae
thank you for 6 panic but you know like
HBO now that's the extreme in service
yeah and if you love that game of
Thrones you and those other original
shows they do that I don't know what
they are if you're a fan of those I'm
sure sure like you know 10 give me 10
yeah that's what I'm used to I'm used to
ten yeah no all your all your content is
gonna be all the cart and I love that I
think that's great yeah I would love to
subscribe to you know give me Cartoon
Network and Comedy Central that's on one
HBO girl oh that's right yeah well no
HBO Go is already an app yeah no this
will be a completely he says it's called
the HBO now yeah
HBO Go is already a map that you can get
anywhere but HBO now is also exclusive
or limit limited exclusivity to the
Apple TV oh really
yeah okay so little I'm sure it'll
expand of course what is it it's not
available yet is it okay I don't think
it started yet what's a full okay are
they oh they said it would be ready for
when Game of Thrones sounds okay makes
sense to launch it right when your most
popular show begins again and watch all
their servers fry
I don't watch enough TV shows where I
think I would need any like I don't I
don't watch anything on HBO or Showtime
for me personally I don't think I
wouldn't use any of these services but
no I think it's great that they're
available but like my evil companies
just gouge everybody you know Showtime
hit Dexter but can't watch any HBO shit
on Netflix so if you want HBO stuff then
that makes sense what I'm saying like
when it was only like do you want to see
the newest episode of Dexter I guess I'm
not that invested in shows like I wait
till it's all available then I'll just
watch it you know I got like Bates Motel
but I've never had any like urge where I
need to watch it every week when it's on
its way till it's on Netflix and I watch
the whole season in like two days right
right like it's just it's a strange
price point I know that was a big thing
when WWE oh yeah they were the first big
one to do all right they're the first
big one ten bucks a month that's that's
the price you know yeah that's the price
and people are loving it but the
president it's a nebulous thing like
there's no standard right you know now
people are associate in Bucks because W
WWE did it sure so now they just assume
everyone will do ten bucks a precedent
it's it's worth whatever people are
willing to pay for it so if HBO wants to
gamble on 15 bucks son maybe don't pay
out sure well and of course they're
still making money from cable
subscriptions like they have that wiggle
room where in a year they can be like
and now it's ten bucks a month yeah
Shakalaka
why would it be any different online
well I don't know and it's it's all of
their program like all all their pasts
programming all the MOOC ons all over
there
all of their everything I mean they have
perversions of science Tales from the
Crypt if they have Tales from the Crypt
I might be more interested that's great
if it's yeah if it's like old stuff like
that like that Tales from the Crypt
dream on like all that old stuff I would
be interested in that well you know and
they said this during the presentation
they said all content it's the past
president future would be a minion so
but that could have just been you know
marketing talk sharing because if it's
everything like I would be way more
interested I'm trying to remember if it
was HBO or Showtime had in the 90s a
series or like I think it aired either
Friday night or Saturday night it was a
movie a mate for cable movie that was a
remake of an old Roger Corman movie okay
and every week it was a different one so
they did like Bucket of Blood they did
the wasp woman they had a whole series
of them moving and some were pretty
entertaining and they're not available
anywhere I think there's like some
shitty copies on YouTube or something
but oh sure whoever had that they
remember they will save money I don't
heard was HBO or Showtime but one of
them did and it was great
so if shit like that becomes available
that'll be amazing the B movie channel
It's Showtime B is what it's gone the
Showtime B for Bowman someone needs to
make yeah a streaming service that just
does everything that I personally want
to see sure shitty remakes of old Roger
Corman movies and Tales from the Crypt
bad boy yep I would love to see old
Tales from the Crypt episode yeah
they're on DVD but a show of 40 that
gets pricey and who wants to put your
change in disc get out of here with that
I want to push a button I want to see
the picture of the thing I want to watch
and push a button I understand
J flicks Netflix yeah someone make J
flicks Showtime thank you hum-hum
two-bit bill for whatever your name is
thank you it was show time
okay okay I'm Dib blip Hama did blufor
comedy Lafleur blah blah blah no I think
dick flicks is like a porn site they're
saying they shouldn't they need to make
a rich base Netflix called dick flick
simplex but I think that's a thing
already I'm sure it is I'm not gonna go
I don't want that anywhere my Google you
even in private mode you don't want to I
want to Google dick tricks
do you buy movies on streaming services
even if you own a physical copy
I do only if it's some sort of upgrade
if it's like a movie that was only
released on DVD but there's an HD
version digitally I might get bad I no
longer buy physical things every 801
thank you for subscribing
I very much appreciate these past four
months I still buy VHS tapes
well I buy be adjusted no I'll buy I'll
buy DVDs if they're old and out of print
there's no other version of it available
anywhere or I'll buy like collector's
editions at night you know like scream
factory style for Criterion things like
that if some sort of if it's just the
movie
I'll just get a digital copy oh oh I did
mrs. subscribe I'm sorry the gentle bhai
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it sorry for
missing you
so would my oughtta be what my
autobiography be called
prat film Pratt field it could be you
want to write it you want to start
writing your autobiography oh yeah
there's no like dick flicks let's try it
a couple some got a funny name and sure
didn't really fit for the film print
fail the story of rich Evans the story
of dick the birthday boy all right
oh my mission objectives are done but
I'm mining all these fucking resources
oh god shit it's gonna take a while
fuckin which by the way that picture of
you went viral again which one
take the birthday boy again again where
is it now it was on the front page of
him you this morning
okay are we getting any credit for that
oh they're just yeah don't even taking
credit for my picture of me well you
know people pose like what's this weird
picture and people in the comments are
like the 9gag one kind of annoyed me
where they put their fucking watermark
on oh yes fuck you this comes from 9gag
and nowhere else take that shit off of
there oh that's better
rich Evans dicking around I like Bret
failed
digging around fine no offense all right
what's the deal with 9gag oh the riches
dick the birthday boy picture went viral
again oh yeah I'm sure injure em Gert
mmm car and apparently rich was saying
that nine gay put a watermark on the
picture oh really I think they did I
want to see the workers basically them
taking a piss on it yeah this is mine no
bullshit someone took some video we made
I don't even reach one it was and they
embedded it unlike their player on their
side
was that was college sure wasn't it
that's right it was college humor
what video was it was it you reacting to
the Star Wars trailer no no it was
earlier than that okay well I thought
wasn't it your Prometheus video your I
want to see there's more recent
questions but I remember this a while
ago well maybe it's happened more than
one study I mean I remember you had to
email them to take that down yeah oh
yeah I know and it doesn't fucking
matter cuz they'll they'll what do you
call it
shuffle their feet mmm and they'll do it
really slowly and they'll get all that
ad revenue the Dickens brings and what's
the fuck do they need to do that for
they got a person because they can get
away with it
sorry Jack who what bring knives to gun
fights just for subscribing I would
wanted let us know you appreciate it
that's good that's right Kyle chamber
was freebooting Ireland a free boot a
lot but they also make some good stuff
some good stuff do they that could be
this rebooting that's the term for
taking other people's material and just
posting it yes
that's bullshit that's my official
stance on freebooting that's bullshit
it's bullshit it's taking taking your
video or picture or whatever I'm putting
it on your site so you get the Enderman
yeah specifically it was about internet
videos and then you know putting them on
your own server and whatnot that was the
original context the thing is with like
college humor though they upload so much
shit and it's like it's popular for a
day and then it just gets buried yeah
it's like it's not really it's not
affecting us that much it's more just
annoying that they would do it you know
well it is affecting you though because
like they're they're sitting there
themselves up as the aggregator as the
content provider sure and where it's
like if it was if it was like just a
YouTube clip you would get that ad
revenue right no they embedded in their
player and then they get that yeah and
so so it is harming you because all the
views they get on their players that's
money out of your pocket yeah I mean I
know it's not that much money but that's
that's my thing is it's for me it's more
annoying it's less about that and more
just the fact that they're stealing
other people's
that bothers me well but like it's not
just like money out of your pocket
that's also potential subscribers that's
potentially and that that's a big deal
yeah that was fuckers those fuckers
except for the people who make music
videos without music I think though
that's a really funny series I haven't
seen it's they just take music videos
and they're like adding all like Foley
sound effects and take-out although I
mean they have seen that it's really
enjoyable mmm mostly because music
videos are basically a lot of people
grunt here I was talking about
Prometheus that's right you're clear and
it's still there it's still on their
site oh really
is it well it's the title the video is
red letter media talked about Prometheus
so at least there's that
sure name in the title yeah but it's
still on their player by the way really
really yep it has invented it has a link
to YouTube but that is still there
player yeah well they have a link to our
YouTube channel to sure so I don't know
I mean it still sucks but but maybe they
added that the the link to the YouTube
channel
after I emailed them that could be I'm
pretty sure I emailed them those I feel
like it was something more recent that I
contacted them about but I don't know oh
you know what I think it was the
watching all three Transformers movies
at one sure sure might not have been
CollegeHumor it might have been someone
else but it was another situation like
that apparently like local news
organizations do this a lot oh sure
the I the term freebooting came from
CGP grey and the guy who does a group of
YouTube videos called number file and he
he does a lot of like math and viral ask
math content and he kept complaining
about like new local news sources taking
his video is eric i producer I need
these views yeah Wow local news they
desperate to remain relevant how about
oh the kids love that torrenting lets us
do that numberphile is great yeah I
enjoy a lot of his stuff for his
computer final series is very nice too I
subscribe to them yeah I do too you know
what
I do too hey man that CGP grey just had
a really great

[Part II]
that phase computerphile series is very
nice too I subscribe to them yep do you
know what I do to him and that CGP grey
just had a really great video about
flame horse oh yeah explaining the hive
mind mentality and how the good and bad
sides of picking one side of an argument
getting in fights on the Internet it was
really great my first number files video
files
I know it's final but you know I speak
yeah my brain doesn't speak the mouth
right yeah and I wouldn't bring that up
unlike you yeah my first numberphile
video though also they're explaining
like how mathematically they prove the
minimum number of Sudoku reveals you
would need in order to be able to solve
the whole thing you're sure I was like
watch that like I am a nerd I like this
I agree yeah yeah number feel no it's
not a YouTube embedded video but there
is you can click on the little button
that takes you to the YouTube video
which is nice but it is not a YouTube
embedded video no well it kind of is I
don't know how it works cuz it still
says YouTube in the corner but it's like
an embed in an embed something like that
I think that's their own player yeah I
think that is that's their own player
and the YouTube the link is their
graphic I don't think that means it's
YouTube video oh really I think they put
in that graphic to trick people into
thinking that they just better be
interesting and shitty
well fuck that yeah
fuck that and fuck everything right
speaking of which also speaking of still
buying physical media
I bought thief The Criterion blu-ray of
thief okay so Michael Mann movie from
1981 I'd never seen it before
okay I bought it two days before because
like twice a year criterion does like a
50% off sale sure which is good because
their blu-rays are fucking pricey
but I bought this like two days before
that happened oh so I got scared over
but it has the best fuck everything
ending I've ever seen in a movie
alright it is so great well the main
character just says fuck everything yeah
and its glorious thief thief thief shot
in Chicago gorgeous looking movie it's
really good score by tangerine green
really mmm that was kind of one of the
main reasons I got it because I was
curious lady just watch dog when I watch
recently the tangerine dreamed it to
score for I don't know something I was
like I need to watch more movies with
tangerine Dream's scores cuz they're
great alright I think in general like
I'm trying to think of other Michael
Mann movies that alone
traffic's good hindi chanting the
traffic I don't know he did I
collaterals
with Tom Cruise and Jamie Foxx what does
he did Manhunter the original version of
red dragon the first movie with Hannibal
Lecter in it he created Miami Vice
alright he did he yes he okay
fuck yeah which I've never seen and
everyone always says you haven't seen
you haven't seen I need to watch it
especially after watching thief mom I
really wanted to be what was what was
the first movie with Hannibal Lecter
girl what was it again I don't even know
there was one at the forum in under it's
not my it's it's based on the book
Manhunter but it was before like Silence
of the Lambs Anthony Hopkins kind of
became that role yeah it's just a movie
in the 80s it was based on the book
Manhunter
ha and Hannibal Lecter is in it he's
played by Brian Cox in the movie ticket
movie hmm but uh yeah thief is so great
now I really want to see he fuck yeah I
know because my
I've never seen Miami Vice all you need
to watch is the Phil Collins the Phil
Collins driving through the streets of
Miami shot that little section is the
greatest piece of television ever made
it this is as good as partners partner
no one knows partners yes I know because
no we talked about this when we watched
partners partners intentionally rips off
that scene poorly isn't understatement
well it is Miami Vice is the hey desist
oh yeah Manhunter to Manhunter is a
similar feel to it as Miami Vice
thief Connie dough because of the score
but I love that that's score I love that
type of music 

Jay: Oh, "Miracle Mile", that was the movie I watched. The "Tangerine Dream" did the score for it.

Jack: Oh.

Jay: Have you heard of that? It's, uh, Anthony Edwards from "ER"...

Jack: From "ER".

Jay: And, and...

Jack: "Top Gun".

Jay: "Revenge of the Nerds", and "Top Gun".

[Jack laughs]

Jay: He, uh, he's like a, he's in a band, like a, like a big band. He plays like the trombone or something.

Jack: Uh-huh.

Jay: And he's, he doesn't live in LA, but he's in LA playing a show.

Jack: Okay.

Jay: And while he's there, he meets this girl that he, like, instantly falls in love with. And, uh, he runs into her at a museum, and he's like, "Hey, let's hang out tonight."

Jack: Mm-hmm.

Jay: She's like, "Well, I have to work till midnight, so meet me at -- I work at this diner -- meet me at this diner at midnight when I get off, and we'll, we'll hang out." And, uh, so he sets his whole, he goes back to his hotel, sets his alarm. He's gonna take a nap. Uh, power goes out. So he wakes up at like 2:00 in the morning or something. He's like, "Fuck!" So he rushes down to the diner, and she's, of course, gone. And she's pissed off that he wasn't there. While he's at the diner, uh, a pay phone out front rings, and he answers it. And it's a guy in, like, a missile silo in the middle of the country trying to get a hold of someone else. He dialed the wrong number saying that, like, we're going to get nuked.

Rich: Oh, I think I remember, I think I've seen this.

Jay: It's really fucking good. Where he's like, "We're gonna to get nuked," uh, in like, I don't even remember, it's like six hours or 12 hours or something. So he spends the rest of night as people are on the city start to find out more and more about this, and the city goes into like a panic. He's just trying to track down this girl to make things right with her. It's so fucking good. And "Tangerine Dream" does the score for it. But it's a really good movie.

what a strange premise yeah
yeah that's really interesting the guy
who played Bubba and Forrest Gump is in
it for sure I mean of course yeah and by
the end it's just like chaos in the
streets and they're just trying to get
to this helicopter that's supposed to
take them oh yeah great yeah it's really
good just buried there my memories yeah
it's not like a famous movie yours yeah
yeah it was like a hit or anything but
good movie but that got me on a
tangerine dream kick that and the the
john carpenter's son trek that just came
out cuz it has that same sort of a
decent sound damn it's great hey who's
the mom glad you like tell it but I I
really enjoyed that game I haven't
played in a while which explained the
game a bit you've played a fucking
real-time strategy game before a roll
please you collect the resources and you
build the units and then you send them
to die fighting other things these are
my resource collectors they just mind
some space dust and asteroids now
they're coming back to that that big-ass
mothership where they're going to
deposit the minerals they collected
where my mothership will we'll finish
building the things I was building
before with the resources and then they
build these things and the nice cube
things so it's every RTS everybody it's
in 3d in space yeah black spotted zebra
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it
I think everybody knows that when J is
here that the game takes a backseat it's
fine you can talk about the game as much
it's far less interesting than talking
about Miracle Mile everyone should check
out Miracle Mile right I guess it's
coming to blu-ray later this year but
right now the only way you can see it is
like a really shitty transfer run I
think I've saw it on Amazon to be able
to they don't have that option
oh well I could just not know where it's
located I for one they change the the
interface around and the other things
it's been like 10 years I played this
game sure there might be an option and I
don't know where it is
okay sure
yeah it looks fun it's just it looks it
looks good it doesn't look fun it looks
good now this is not my type of fun is a
multiplayer mode I know I know I'm the
green bastard version there multi
players in beta know if they tried to
merge the first game with the second one
I guess the the units from the first
game are not balanced very well sure oh
hello Draco I'm sorry if you know I
don't see your recent scription but
thank you for subscribing hello Draco or
recent scribing we very much appreciate
it if we don't see you what the fuck let
us know it's okay oh sorry I'm I'm
trying to scroll up I said what he said
something you can speed up time yeah
alright where tell me where's I don't
know where that's the problem options I
got only option menus controls could be
controls focus control is how to speed
up time dark harvest unit toggle burst
tag yadda yadda repair clock cloak
that's close okay clock clock is a
different than a clock cooperate that's
what I want to know chef Peter
assign groups oh you know what else we
haven't had a chance to talk about yet J
is Birdman Oh
Birdman have we talked about Birdman
Birdman you and I together no I'm really
conflicted about Birdman
oh really and I know you really liked it
I loved it man yeah yeah I mean I'm
saying a thing the speed up time jet not
seeing it not in the controls I'm sorry
help has anyone given you any help I'm
just doing what I'm doing is just taking
a lot more time than I would like cuz
this is the boring stuff right there's
an options menu the game Oh No
you can't it was someone saying you
can't can't okay no no that would be
really nice yeah and I don't have
problems with Bergman I'm enjoying my
complex feelings about Bertie
that's the best yeah my weak you keep
thinking about it yes and I I mean I
don't know whether or not I liked it
okay but it's a movie that made me think
about it yeah and I liked that um one of
my biggest problems was the I felt that
there was a lot of digital stabilization
I noticed that a couple times I remember
there was a couple times in the movie
where I was like you could kind of tell
like it had that I don't know how do you
describe that right III know what it is
yeah I don't know how to describe it but
yeah I know a little bit it's like what
it is is forced blur where it's like the
camera it doesn't look like it's moving
but something blurs so yeah a glitch in
the matrix I I did notice that a couple
times and I'm trying to remember there
might be more times but I was so like
invested in the movie it didn't distract
me too much but there was a couple parts
or I didn't notice oh yeah sure
have you know like I I want to say I
liked it but at the same time it's also
it's it is it's a it's a frustrating
movie but it's supposed to be right and
so yeah it needs to be watched more than
once and I need to watch it again I
haven't seen it since the theater it's
the technical aspects of a dare you know
everything being
very impressive and I really dug and
score oh yeah in Puri ating I just I
love that I love this moment so I would
like the scores going and then like he's
walking down the street and it pans over
and there's the guy playing the drum and
playing the drums right there it's great
it's great and it's it's so necessary
hmm even though it's obnoxious but it's
supposed to be obnoxious I'm sure it is
a sense of urgency and like chaos and
that's what you know behind the scenes
of putting something like that together
is sure and so that's what I mean by
complicated channels you know I like it
when things are nice and this is
something that's specifically or not
nice but it that's the kind of stuff I
love it reaches its intended target
which is just not necessarily a target
oh speaking of my drumming I saw a
whiplash finally Oh what did you think
of whiplash is great what is it about
it's about this kid that's at this music
school any-any gets taken out of the
wing of JK Simmons who's the instructor
of the class and he's really really
intense and really abusive and just
they're sort of like conflicting you
know their relationship is he is JK
Simmons is he pushing these people too
far is he too much of an asshole like is
it worth it's like all that stuff and
it's as one of the most satisfying
conclusions to movie I've seen lately
okay where it's like it has the illusion
of a happy ending but it's not really
that it gets so great all right
yeah and JK Simmons is fantastic and
what do you like that's a good question
um it's not a miserable movie but I do
watch a lot of miserable movies I know
because I'm in general not a miserable
person in real life so you know you have
to explore that that's you know part of
your psyche but movies are my only food
I guess I don't know but ya know
whiplash is great
because there's all the phrases
submitted
so he thought we had a day we're
watching Amazon and all
laughter
we get to pick one I chose Birdman she
was not happy yeah I think you guys
would like with life it's it's a really
just like tight focused story which is
nice because I've seen especially lately
it's all right after seeing the chaplain
I was like wow this is such a relief ha
ha ha I actually care about what's
happening I'm invested in he's getting
his character sure
dr. J hey rich out you just not here you
know what the fuck's also kind of
clanking oh shit oh me I well
signor riot thank you for subscribing we
do very much appreciate it
that's a good question which is chappy
at least worth of rental is it worth a
Netflix tree um yeah I guess so
I got nothing out of that movie yeah I
mean it's it's not completely generic so
let's or it's something and it's you
know somewhat ambitious sure I keep in
mind I'm completely biased towards
robots okay if you yeah you love robots
so maybe you'll get something out of it
but I was just so frustrated cuz I'm
like how am I supposed to feel about
chappie yeah and I know we were I think
that was the intention of the movie you
sure the swords like what so I don't
know I would say if you're really into
robots is worth a rental
okay there you go probably gonna see it
eventually or not it's got some good
scenes I mean there's some decent action
to mentally
no it's a big I don't know movie yeah I
want better for that blump game
well better format I don't know it was
funny he came out of the gate so strong
I am so damn nice amel well right but I
thought I wanted it what's an example of
someone who came out of the gate
swinging and is still still rocking it
Scorsese well I mean I'm modern example
you know obviously there's Scorsese
there Spielberg yeah uh like another
director that had like a district 9 type
movie and then is me consider good
substance just like I'm I can I don't
know where indie success that went onto
the big Hollywood I'm trying to think
I'm not sure I don't think you know
there's there's some sane Tarantino
that's a good one sure if you're
thinking it more reason I don't know
I mean Tarantino though like was yeah so
you talk about something like around the
same era as district 9 that might be too
specific do we have it do we have
anything was a DC I was like a
blockbuster but it was a success
surely after you take off I did think
that Blomkamp directly in my head is
like someone from district 9 webcam Oh
another good example is Richard Kelly he
directed Donnie Darko yeah and
everything he's done since has just been
fantastic the movie he did after daddy
Darko was Southland Tales which is just
this complete mess
okay like one of the biggest messes I've
seen in recent movies and then he did
the box with what's-her-face Cameron
Diaz and I think James Marsden yeah
I've never even that's such a shame I
like that Donnie Darko go ahead tales is
such a disaster someone was saying
Darren Aronofsky Darren oh yeah I guess
so not video he hasn't he doesn't make
like big blockbuster movies that's why
you're looking for a bit Wes Anderson
might be a fine example as well he just
you know he's been on his path yeah the
whole time but you know that's a fine
I'll accept that I like that
a stark a--what's estar go oh that's the
director video sequel there was a lot
yep
turn down for why that's Ian because why
would I sure sure yeah I think it's
about his little sister oh there you go
oh sure like all directors are gonna
have hits and misses but like with with
Blomkamp district name is so good I I
think this is comparing the comparison
to M night Shyamalan is it's pretty
accurate I like hated that it's true
it's yeah yeah I know it's not pleasant
to think about it but it's not it
happens the world is not a pleasant
place now yeah you're right he's getting
caught up in his own caricature yeah
yeah I will say it's not made anything
as bad as the worst and night Shyamalan
movies though what Lisa's got that so
Lisa's got that so far
he hasn't made a lady in the water goo
mmm night has exactly two good movies
and if you're gonna say that signs is a
good movie wrong and like elements of
signs sure I don't think it's a great
movie Oh anytime on unbreakable of
course oh yeah yeah some people don't
like unbreakable I like that movie
they're wrong you have to get past the
story which you know was coming a mile
away watch it for the photography I
remember seeing the village in the
theater and because at that point it was
established like it's gonna have a twist
ending or does movies have a twist
ending
so just for my own cuz I was I thought
the movie sucked so as I'm watching it I
just started coming up with in my mind
of like what the worst possible twist
could be and then that was the twist in
the movie I was like oh my god yeah it's
like not only that it had two twists
Ryan so spoiler alert for anything
frozen there's a built-in village but
you know like the one twist is that
there aren't really monsters that's you
know the people from the village killing
off the oh that wasn't the twist I had I
made up oh you saw that twist coming a
mile away - well it's so neat about the
fact that turns out it's modern time
yeah and then that source comes and
you're like fuck you and that was the
twist or as like this is so like this is
the dumbest thing I can think of it's so
dumb there's no way he's going to
actually do this right and it happens
and then I was thinking I was like why
if they have this made-up world that all
these characters live in like why do
they have like English accents like what
is it they'd have no understanding of
the outside world why would you do that
I'd have to rewatch it but I just
remember everything being like why well
they don't
well they had acts knowledge of the
outside world the parents did right
right but why would they like force
English accents on these kids like they
don't know English accents from American
accent
matter right right what twist but what a
twist you got me you got me em night I
never saw his last airbender movie
everyone always says that's terrible
but yeah it looked more like boring bad
to me than like oh this is so bad you
gotta see it
sure I don't ya know I don't know
anything about last airbender cannon
yeah yeah maybe it's worse if you know
anything about it but I've known never
seen anything that made it good for him
I'm sure that was a nice paycheck for
him hopefully enough never to make
another movie again but he did he made
after earth after that oh my god I feel
sorry yeah after Earth is bad after
earth after Earth
J I've completely forgotten better so
does everybody else
why did you have to remind me cuz I
watched it why did you do that now it's
no I mean why did you remind me I was
happy knowing that it didn't exist yeah
in your mind and my thermal and just
stopped making movies yeah
and it was a happy place tear both eyes
out thank you for subscribing that was
terrible
what Tara both eyes out thank you for
subscribing know we really appreciate I
was trying to read it
it's an that's that's one of the easier
wants to read you know I I like it here
both eyes out it's not it's not like
cleverly spelt weird sure there's no
numbers in there I think if you're gonna
have no spaces in a multi-word username
you should capitalize the start of it
it's not like a close up EF 479 zanza
you know we're just really weird you've
never seen before and have no idea what
terrible eyes out yeah
caramel does oh I can say it and I'm
rich Evans
I'm feeling okay now I was I've been
sick
I think I'm gettin it yeah you gettin it
for me well no you haven't seen me so no
I'm getting it from the petri dish I
live I think it's just going around yeah
yeah oh my god there's an ad new M night
movie coming out this year true front
door the visit I'm I'm I am D being this
right now I'm looking it up I'm night
Shyamalan making a movie doesn't even
make it into the news anymore shame the
visit a producer okay oh wait wait wait
nope directing oh it's completed 15
years from now well M night be
remembered as the guy who directed The
Sixth Sense or as that hack I think at
this point it's that hack yeah yeah yeah
even 10 years from now unlike the bad
ones won't fade away and you'll just
remember the success you know I think
the bad ones stick her on because the
Sixth Sense was so good that's so
successful where it's like and then
there was nothing but shit where it's
like people remember those movies more
than like if he never made a sick sense
and there was just a few shitty movie
like the village yeah lady in the water
those movies existed in The Sixth Sense
didn't then they would just fade away I
know one would remember him but the fact
that they came from the guy I made The
Sixth Sense has continued to make them
like relevant and remembered okay okay a
single mother finds that things in her
family life go very wrong after her two
young children visiting
parents what that's it that's for the
synopsis like how written and directed
by mm-hmm they still let him write
movies he's thinking he's thinking it's
been so long they'll never suspect the
twist coming they'll never suspect I'll
do it again twist this the grandma was
this s all along
oh my god who's in it you heard of it
Catherine Haines is that the H Ahn is
that the last name H Ahn is that the the
the wife from Step Brothers Adam Scott's
wife and Step Brothers
oh maybe she's funny if that's who that
is I'm looking she's been on Parks and
Recreation yeah she's okay she's on
point Henrik so I like her okay
Catherine Haines is in it Edie oxen bold
there's a kid he's a kid now Benjamin
Kane's very handsome man is this is this
like a low-budget thing like he's trying
to get back to his roots or something
maybe
Olivia de Jean that's another kid
what is anyone in this movie yeah maybe
he's trying to do like a like a
small-scale thing and redeem himself
yeah but he tried that with the elevator
of death he didn't direct that though
that ee he didn't direct that oh I
didn't see oh that was pretty good that
was a movie in which someone wanted to
prove that the devil was in the building
so they threw a piece of jelly I've
heard about this yeah and because the
jelly lands gently side down he says the
devil's there that's worse seriously
yeah it's a movie word maybe your maybe
your toast just landed and jelly side
down no yeah
clearly you don't know anything about
the devil rich clearly it's a movie
intense hatred of jelly people no no
because bad things happen when the
devil's around and that's why it landed
jelly side down that's it's a super
defense that movie is that that bit of
it it's you know people are trapped in
an elevator together and one of them is
the devil maybe that could be a cool
premise I think that could work Richard
looking at people who are in this movie
like do I know any of these people
Wow the answer is no yeah you must be
doing like a like a small-scale thing
right Deanna dengan Dunnigan she's a
Tony Award winner
Deanna denigan does that make any
difference I need to stop looking at
this movie let's all forget about it
that's all it comes out this year yeah
you know what it does
a whole lot to look forward to this year
no no he's not ready it'll be later in
the year though they'll be the smaller
movies you know like crawler and Birdman
those type of movies came out later like
this last year
Oscar Xena yeah that stuff will come out
sure the only big one though they I'm
looking forward to is Mad Max yep we got
the battle is great get the I finally
saw the trailer for it on the big screen
before champion played and uh it looks
glorious uh oh that's right there's this
the sister wars
oh yeah that's coming out - there's no I
you know I saw that new Avengers trailer
and I think I'm done then I think I'm
tired of that stuff I'm sure to be a
fine movie it'll probably be
entertaining but I'm not like excited
about it I the first one who's like it's
the Avengers it's the first thing like
now it's happened so it's like you know
it's gonna be funny it might actually do
pretty fair relatively bad at the box
office and then they got all these 25
movies that's will happen eventually
yeah I don't think it they're not gonna
make all 25 I don't have one with the
Avengers - that's gonna be - we all have
it rich I mean yeah it has to collapse
eventually
how it hasn't yet I don't know just the
general fatigue superhero fatigue I
don't know how it doesn't happen yet oh
they keep making perfectly acceptable
movies I mean well that's the thing is
it's not that they're not making bad
movies babies but just the the glut of
them do you how many there are
i I've decided not to watch any trailers
less yeah you don't even be trailer this
is just everyone's supposed to see it
there's the captain gonna hit someone
with she'll crank this is the Ironman in
is everything are there gonna somehow
find a way to get Loki back in it
because everyone likes Tom Hill says
everybody loves Loki yeah I'm sure they
don't even like Loki they just yeah we
need you again Tom Hiddleston just like
in Thor to need you again I Man 3 is
Iron Man 3 is a because I know you guys
like I never called Iron Man 3 a modern
masterpiece
does not mean like it is general I think
that's a great twist I think the the
final villain that's in charge of that's
why I feel much more satisfying when he
lives yes he's changed the human being
he's an Iron Man but see the plot of the
movie is him dealing with the fact that
he's just a man and not a superhero it's
that it's a perfect fucking action I
should rewatch that I haven't seen it
yes it well III will call it a
masterpiece of an action movie I'm you
know I'm a matte as does that make it a
masterpiece in general sure I'm just
saying like I'm talking specifically
about action movies I said they should
teach that to film students you want to
make action movie which I stand by 100%
they keep saying turn down the game
audio all right I keep saying it
I can't hear is talking about comic book
movies again it's written there it's
what's up it's unavoidable it is true as
a lark I've been I've been reading the
new spider-man okay the Miles Morales
spider-man oh yeah the young black
spider-man okay and it's really good
yeah yeah what's his deal what's his
story
his uncle is a low-level villain in the
Marvel Universe the Prowler okay who's a
you know cat burglar doesn't he well I
guess the Ultimate Universe is different
I know in the comic they need mainstream
oh yeah this is ultimately yeah yeah I
forgot about that person so this is
different universe and so the Prowler
after a big fight with Green Goblin and
spider-man the Prowler is looting Oscorp
and a different experimental spider hops
in his bag and Miles Morales is hanging
out with him and gets bitten by Spain
okay so is Miles Morales gonna be
spider-man in the new movies that's or
is it gonna be Peter Parker that's a
rumor okay I say why not like we've seen
Peter Parker enough
do something different and that's why I
wanted to read the stories or that's why
I wanted to read the book so it was like
is this character any good or is it just
you know pandering and it's good I like
it it's a perfect way to modernize is he
is Miles Morales a teenager yeah is he
okay back in teenager again a smart kid
not like a super genius like like Peter
Parker was but you know a bright kid hmm
who deals with general hero issues and
he was unsure whether or not how he was
unsure on how to use his powers until
spoiler alert Ultimate Universe Peter
Parker died okay and he realized that he
could have used his powers to help this
kid Nina and then it's it's revealed
that he was Peter Parker and he's like
oh he was just a kid I could have used
my power to help this other kid so he
decides to take up the mantle okay it's
very good I've been enjoying it so you
see I lent you that first ring even if
it even in the if in the movies if it's
not Miles Morales and it's just Peter
Parker again yeah just have him show up
yeah okay look at spider-man he's here
yep like no backstory you don't need any
of that anymore
I think that's what they're gonna do yes
why not just do it hey Peter Parker's
here oh no Peter not Peter Parker they
wouldn't say that they'd say spider-man
just showed up spider-man help us yep
that's don't you don't need any of that
backstory shit nope nope don't need any
of it you don't even need an
introduction you can just walk into the
room no spider-man is so ubiquitous yeah
people know who spider-man is through
pure osmosis you don't you don't need
any of that
something I was reading someone's
rantings not even you can't even call a
rumor someone was just making like a
mental wish list and I said what if
Peter Parker spider-man shows up in
adult in Avengers movie right helps out
and then when Civil War comes around
Peter Parker chooses aside and dies
so then Miles Morales can come in and
they won't kill spider-man they did in
the comics sure but they won't the
movies you don't think I don't think so
what's happening little mouse button it
was kicking me out of the game for some
reason that's weird
it was weird yeah that is weird
like I say yeah and of course who knows
if how long Peter Barker will stay dead
I'm sure now back to life ruin
everything I make these big declarations
we're killing Peter Parker but uh this
is Peter Parker's ghost this is an alien
being who looks and acts just like Peter
Parker and had Peter Parker's memories
medically transferred to him um by the
way I should let you guys know I'm
writing for Marvel comics now so I
really like with guardians of the galaxy
like there's some some little
connections to the rest of the Marvel
Universe but for the most part it's just
doing its own thing I really hope they
continue that with the second one just
let it be another guardians of the
galaxy movie well that's what they've
done with all of the individual movies I
think at this point there's too much
like connecting tissue or it's like
there'll be things you don't get if you
didn't see one of the other movies I'm
trying to think of guardians of the
galaxy is the most removed cuz they're
not anywhere near earth gonna do with
her sure but even like you know if you
Thor - it happens on earth but there's
there's no like interaction with the
other heroes and did nothing please - do
you know I guess so you could want to
get just like guardians of the galaxy a
lot more I know I know you do
I do i you know what i know you and i
also like guardians of the galaxy not as
much as you but i enjoyed it click on
your things rich yeah no but that's the
nice thing they all work together but
they I think can all work separately as
well except for who knows what what's
happening now since shield died the show
the corporation and captain earth oh
yeah Captain America - that's right
that's gonna be when does agents of
shield take place then the shuddering
okay the let the the finale of season 1
or 2 or would I die you lose drag the in
the finale of one of them is when shield
dies okay and then it's up to boiler
alert no one no one's watching the show
it doesn't matter I don't know why I
watch the show Agent Coulson is tasked
with rebuilding shield oh so he's the
white he's the one so it dies and
Captain America - and then it's just
gonna be very Baggins they're gonna call
it something different or the same thing
it doesn't matter nothing matters
because by the way please
well you manners welcome to comic books
this is what happens all the fucking
time yeah Peter Parker's getting married
yep nope that'll be Mayfield mm-hm
Superman dies no no I keep hearing good
things and I can't wait till it comes to
some sort of streaming service about
that uh I don't even know what it's
called what's the what's the lady from
Captain America One Show
oh that agent car agent Carter I hear
good things about it is it serious as I
don't like a full show yeah that's a
full show okay what is it on I have no
idea where do you see this show
ABC okay I heard a little bit about it
and I was like what is this I've never
seen ads burned or anything I was like
is this a show or is it like a web
series like no it isn't it it's a
legitimate television show on network
television
hmm she shows up on an episode of blank
mirror Oh actress yeah it's a good
episode nice so they're gonna call it
sword
swo our deal for they're gonna call it
toward
I like my sword people are saying it's
on ABC okay pizza day and bees dance
it's great we got it he's got pizza roll
we gotta trust him or her over they yeah
I hear good things about it
hmm I don't know and apparently Hayley
Atwell who I can only assume is the lead
actress is hot
according to leftover beefcake so yeah
she looks really good on that uh black
mayor episode yeah yep
i today i candy nothing wrong okay
that's the greatest thing about the
Marvel movies is everyone gets a little
eye candy that's true the ladies go nuts
for that Thor they loved before those
Hemsworth's great great teams both of
those Hemsworth
are we just talking about the Hemsworth
are you obsessed with the Hemsworth we
well Lisa I just saw just or I just
watched so she had seen it before is the
The Hunger Games are 30.20 3.1 yeah PI
3.1 and you know
Thor's little brothers in that lien okay
also very handsome man oh sure I can
imagine those Kiwis or Australians I
don't know whatever they are something
weird the British is some accent those
kind of descended from brittish's but uh
I am talking about beautiful men again
I'm sorry I'm saying that the marvel
universe is full of attractive people
all the time yes let's comic books it's
gonna be yeah it's Feeny
yeah just crashed oh yay fat nerds go to
those movies to escape reality
yep you want good-looking people hmm oh
did we stop streaming did we crash
everything we might have crashed over
them
right there we go there's a stream still
streaming stray according to me the
stream is still streaming oh they say
the game is frozen oh oh yeah oh god
damn it
no they might come back up no someone
god damn it Inge Oh your card everything
is it back yeah I'm watching everything
certainly fine now yeah they say they
can they can still hear us but I'm
waiting for the to move it's moving good
for you
yeah okay oh great we're still screaming
oh great I guess or whatever yeah what
you all are most likely descended from
British herbs yeah I know
registers British British Scherz Scherz
well we're all slightly British iced got
some Irish and German and me probably
started in Britain who knows we don't
know where anyone started we're all made
of the same goo people speaking of goo
yeah did you hear no they're making a
prequel to The Blob they're rebooting
the blob and they're gonna explain the
origins of the bra because lots
important so it's a massive goo that
eats things so what you're saying is
this this unexplainable and unstoppable
massive goo will be explained yes
so what you're saying is kind of like
the point of the story it's not the
point of the story but it's what makes
it scary yes it's this thing that just
lanten this crash lands on earth I'm
somewhere somewhere out beyond our
comprehension sure and it just grows and
eats and grows and eats yeah now we're
gonna learn where it came from great way
to ruin that I think it's being directed
by the guy that'd Conair I think but you
know right here
you wanna watch a good blob movie watch
that 80s blob that one's great that's
terrible yeah do we really need the
origins of the blob no it's like
scraping the bottom of the barrel that's
like that's like in the zombie movie
when they try to figure out where the
zombies came from yeah that's not the
fun stuff no the scary thing is it just
happens it's so great right but never
know instead of dealing with the
unstoppable zombie horde let's do some
science that's way more fun yeah yeah
yes or zombies or zombies well let's see
how the best zombie movies like that's
it's not about the zombies it's about
survival their survival movies oh sure
the zombies could be replaced with the
same I don't know a blob and it would be
a similar kind of time oh no it's not
usually you spoil it for a spoiler it's
from space yeah that's all we know it
just just land here yeah yeah yeah yeah
fuck movies about dick and I know it's
gonna be CG - the blob will definitely
be CG of course it won't
maybe maybe they'll have like little
actual blobs for close-ups doubtful the
whole thing will be CG even the actors
you get a cartoon a Pixar movie it'll be
great it'll be great everything's great
everything's fine all the time oh okay
prequels makes me think of something I
thought of a great thing last night and
this will matter less to Jay than it
will the rich okay we're gonna talk for
a small period about the order 1886 but
I swear we're not gonna go not gonna
delve we're not gonna we're not gonna
rehash territory what I was thinking
about the other day is what could be
done we kept calling the the order
sequel be like it ended with sequel be
like so many
answered questions you know oh yeah so
given the opportunity I was thinking to
myself what would I do to make the
sequel better right so imagine this rich
imagine yeah imagine us I will call them
to Sony's head office and they said boys
you you you were so harsh on the game
you get to direct it I got how we're
gonna do you can't wait I'm telling you
what we're gonna do it's gonna it's
gonna be the great so we start right
where we left off bet I like Batman on
the top of the building right and where
we'll start coming out so we have to go
fight the werewolves right
and as we're fighting in the werewolves
we get werewolf blood in our eyes right
gross but then after the fight ends our
character not us but our character can
see the button prompts and as it turns
out the button prompts are ancient Lycan
symbols that help give them super speed
and strength
ah and so that explains by the button
from certain beginning so then we have
to use the button prompts to defeat we
have to use their own weapon to defeat
them brilliant Sony emailed me anytime
pre pre req at red letter media horn now
that you said it they're just gonna take
the idea that'd be great I would love
that and you won't get any credit or any
residuals we'll see but you know if you
do that then you can turn the whole
thing into a bit of a into a bit of a
schlock fest and that might make it fun
again if you address the button prompts
that's right that is genius I was really
excited about that yeah I wanted to tell
you they're gonna hire me right on the
spot what's actually gonna happen is
they're gonna call me in for a meeting
and then kick my ass and you I know
sometimes when you do games you hear
from the developers have you heard
anything from is it a bigger game is it
somebody somebody left a flaming bag of
dog poop on my doorstep rue was a hose
came to your doorstep that's ideas a
interesting name
it is it's a triple-a title you hear
from like the indie developer yes okay
the people who you know is still listen
to criticism and feedback I have some
sort of general engagement with the
community oh well that is all that is
all the the order 1886 dog that will
happen

[Part III]


[Part IV]


[Part V]
