Jul 12, 2015
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9096147
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9098548
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/9103261
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giVdkU5jgCg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28gVAQak5_g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba3zRUH1m2I
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/620292918020980736
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/620407137412362240

[Part I]
maybe maybe I mean or will have a
horrible huge disaster much like what
happened last time I tried this dream my
life is a huge disaster yeah oh yeah
well there you go oh it's happening
well that's nice so you know not a total
disaster
hello everybody hello hello everybody
starting the stream on a slightly somber
note as you know I just found out
recently as I was driving home to start
streaming that you wanted I'd I I found
out in the chat before the stream
started yeah yeah now talk about this a
little bit for a stream can you said
well snow it's no Meah motto is that
there's no disrespect
obviously there's longest oh yeah you
know like that was the first thing that
came to mind is you know I heard owatta
died and for a moment I like I my brain
heard miyamoto and you know it so I was
almost like horribly relieved when it
was Iwata but what's his first name
again the president of Nintendo yes the
the man in charge of the Nintendo
Corporation has passed away at a young
age 55 I want to say yep some sort of
cancer like a like an enlarged bile duct
or something yeah yeah something see a
bottle I mean his his glory days are
kind of behind him right I mean he's not
quite the in charge
Oh tour a tour he once was see I mean
Zelda's kind of had passed off as he his
hands on with the Mario games and he
more I mean it seems like these days Mia
motto just wants to design some
weird-ass controller that is either
genius or terrible sometimes both but
but I out of dying I mean I might mean
some huge policy changes from Nintendo
who already have weird policies oh yeah
I know he's he's the man in charge of
Nintendo and this is right I mean this
is a big deal because made the next
president I mean he could do something
crazy like let's get out of the hardware
market let's let's make edgy titles
let's let's have some M rated games this
very good thing some weird new shit yes
I'm not getting sound from the game for
some reason are you guys hearing sound
he was he was also a genius programmer I
was just reading his biography before
the stream started he used to work for
out laboratories as a programmer you
know he was he was a code monkey he
helped make her you know like he didn't
design but he helped like write the code
for Kirby you know like he was he was a
hardware person no sound from the game
okay I don't necessarily know why there
is no sound from the game hold on give
me I'm not hearing sound either which is
very strange
and I'm glad know rich and I shouldn't
be quiet well I mean we shouldn't be
quiet but apparently we are however rich
and I quiet here now I think one of us
is supposed to be quieter than the other
why is that
one of us is supposed to be or are
somebody said I was loud and somebody
else said that turn me up that's first
of all that's how it always works okay
we're gonna I'm looking into why we
can't hear game sound now rich and I
should be turned up a little bit
somebody else saying audio terribly low
jack is quiet
Jack Jack is quiet why do we even bother
testing cuz we do I swear to god we do
yeah we did we did broadcaster records
differently than its streams yeah I
think that's true by the way put audio
to stream oh wait hold on I think I have
the game figured out
okay I think I have the audio figured
out but I still can't hear now you
should be here in game audio but for
some reason I can't hear game audio
which is very strange a cloud now sure
how about now what about now I've turned
me down slightly rich check one two
three
check one two three check one two three
check one two three
check one two three three one two three
check one two three checkin' checkin'
checkin' ma check check them on mic like
chicken or you know Mike chicken Mike
right now Mike chicken right you know
I'm gonna do just for a second here only
because i cant hear game audio and i'm
gonna go ahead and assume that like me
hearing game audio is important oh okay
another mute games room no you should be
able to hear the game now which is fine
mike chicken
you sound great great so now you should
be able to hear me rich and the game all
perfectly tell me someone is a mod or
someone with a pizza or I'll tell me if
you can hear everyone preferably a mod
preferably about that quiet game audio
soft but ok rich soft ok give me a
second here there rich and I are up game
audio up rich and I are up now everyone
is up not even close disgusting testing
test testing can you hear me can you
hear me now
now everything should be great alright
we're gonna do it how are we gonna do it
five dollars and Jack will believe
anything we say it's true you gave us
five dollars that that buys you some
trust with me for the same I died
rich and I up I did I swear here I'll
turn rich in me up even more volume is
fine my life still kind of sucks well
there's not a lot we can do about that
Rach check one two check one two one two
three testing one two three testing
testing great check check
I see fine levels now okay I'm gonna
start playing the shadow of mordor
shuttle Batman shadow of Batman while we
while we talk about you what a dying I
don't know there's much more to say this
is the kind of story where it's it's
gonna mean more in like six to eight
months it does right now yes yes it will
make there will be some big policy
changes I believe or not you know like
he could he could have setup toe the
line I don't know yeah how long have you
been playing this um I have maybe an
hour and a half and not long I just I
just started playing it just to just to
kind of see like if I could play it on
stream I've got like two or three hours
in myself yeah yeah and what do you
thought so far what are your initial
thoughts you know what those are kind of
my initial thoughts
I think spin will tell me the good stuff
comes later with the Nemesis system I
guess you develop rivalries i right now
I hate the Nemesis system only because
I've been dying a lot and so I have a
lot of Nemus I I think I'm gonna I'm
gonna try to continue this story a
little bit more being being used to the
Batman games I do not have
man I died twice mm-hmm I've been dying
a lot just because I think I got a
little overconfident with the Batman
games where like that and especially in
Arkham Knight I was able to take out
anyone yeah but that was with all my bat
gadgets you know at hyper at hyper speed
and now I don't have any gadgets and so
I think I'm just a little too over
confident in my own abilities I can tap
on that rock here's another thing that
really bothers me is I get caught like
look my character gets caught on stuff
all the time and it like stops you from
running
that's very bothersome first time I I
died it was just to see if I could I got
I got beat by one of the captains and
instead of killing me he just like like
laughed and walked away oh really
yeah yeah so I'm like like does that
happen every time you die is that the
death screen just gonna be walking away
mm-hmm
so I let somebody else murder me and
then they actually murdered me okay and
then I died one other time do a bunch of
fucker shooting bows and arrows at me oh
yeah yeah one of the captains that one
of the early captains I got was like a
flaming bow and arrow captain that is
wrecking my world yeah I killed them
eventually and I well and the other
reason I'm dying is because I'm not
doing this story I'm literally just
fucking around
yeah and looking for captain's to fight
so I think that's my problem right there
so I think I'm gonna oh nothing's
happening over here nothing's happening
over oh god damn it how did you even see
me
oh let's see I got into a captain fight
already use your vision
he's your bat easier detective mode yeah
I'm serious
oh I know no I mean listen I know the
detective motors there try to stall that
helps okay I'm gonna die I'm gonna die
already
okay here we go
I got arrows coming at me
well that's where the story that's how
I'm you know before you die oh I'm so
close to beating this captain I really
want to beat this captain oh I gotta go
to low health
no now they called me a piece of sh rock
no I was I retreated yeah oh we're gonna
weigh that go oh no I ever well running
away I ran into another captain get out
of town kid out of motherfuckin town
collect herbs to risk to our health I
know I know how to do it he's got to run
away from the captain's real quick
Jeff how do you feel about Pluto
the images of Pluto yeah you know so far
it's fun it seems pretty exciting it's
most exciting thing in the world jack
I mean responsible no it's not the most
exciting thing in the world we're
getting to see a rock that's very far
away the most exciting thing in the
world is if there would have been like
something very far away we have a thing
there taking pictures right yeah that's
exciting it's fucking amazing you know
it's fine
I just hope that takes pictures of
fucking John - that'd be a big fucking
waste I'm sure they will gosh darn it
one thing I've seen so far those but a
picture of the what rich Shara the moon
Pluto I haven't seen many pictures of
sharper no I died no big deal second
chances yeah I think I upgraded to have
them give me two second chances this is
a part that I don't actually like as I
just want at this point I want to
continue the story but I keep running
into captain's and I just want to
continue the story and I don't want to
deal with the captain's right now but I
keep running into the captain so where's
my where's my stealth vision my
detective vision yep don't forget your
stun huh
don't forget your stun Jack what's done
your stun
let's swim below to the Batcave oh you
know I do forget my stun only because I
don't do the Batcave
yeah it doesn't do the bad solution oh
do you have the the upgrade that lets
you explode fires I do but now there's
only one guy there oh yeah I wasted it
but I can do some stealth kills here
real quick
if I'd like I'd like a group of 15 of
them walking and like a line yeah I just
took them all out one by one five kind
of amazing yeah yeah the I mean they're
orcs so they're dumb which you know it's
fine no they're works jack oh they're
there or akai you're right you're right
not regular orcs their work is much
worse much worse than regular all the
orcs you know I think we have we talked
about like me not really caring about
middle-earth either yeah oh well I think
we in general have talked about it
before just yeah I don't I don't give a
fuck about the settings yep so so to me
right now it's it's definitely a less
exciting Batman game but it's like so
just brown and bland looking yeah yeah
I'm hoping I'm hoping it makes up for
with some cool weapons I haven't seen
any towns or anything yet it all just
seems like it's random orcs running
around this big open brown landscape
yeah and you're brown yeah there's a
Lhasa plus your ghosts Oh spoiler alert
your ghost
spoiler alert you're a ghost okay take
out you and you didn't hear that
obviously so we take a few and then we
hide
you okay I'm being stealthiest shit now
rich because I want to make it to this
objective over here there's like a thing
I really want to get over there
oh man I'm gonna explode some fire let's
check how did you let's get this out of
the way yeah how did you feel about the
Batman vs Superman new trailer right
wow that is gonna be a piece of garbage
well oh no the trailer looks better but
so so now we're by the way we're
reimagining Batman's backstory where he
decides to fight crime because Superman
blew everyone up I don't know no I think
this is Batman coming out of retirement
because there's someone Batman knew blew
up it doesn't look like he's coming out
of retirement it looks like okay it
looks it looks as if it's just like well
I guess I'm gonna be Batman now does he
think so no but I thought they were
saying like here's a new guy who's taken
out criminals and everyone seems to be
really surprised that he's like
brandishing criminals so everyone seems
surprised that he's around oh wait I
wasn't paying attention to what I was
supposed to be doing
Oh use Wraith to identify targets okay
slay the orc captain okay easy peasy
yeah no I mean it looks like the same it
looked the same to me you know it looked
like exactly what I was expecting but
now there's more of it I'm I'm I'm no
more excited I in fact am probably a
little like my mind is more set up now
that I'm pretty sure it's gonna suck no
matter no matter how you slice it
yes versus Superman the movie should be
like like like like a minute right I
mean that Batman should be should really
never pose any threat to Superman
and in the last movie we saw Superman
blow up half the United States other
powerful space aliens with powers like
his own mm-hmm how the fuck is a manner
tense soon supposed to be a threat right
he's not he's not he's not a threat and
the this trailer did reveal that there
is kryptonite in this universe you know
what my favorite part my favorite part
of the trailer is that that made me
really hate it what was the little scene
he has with ma Kent when when she's just
like listen Superman you should save
everyone or don't or whatever I don't
care
like that's exactly what the whole movie
is about no motivation no care no no
strong characters my Kent is like you
should save everyone or you don't have
to cuz the planet doesn't owe you
anything do whatever you want all the
time Superman I had a controversial
statement in the stream before I mean in
the chat before the stream started yeah
I said that between the the Batman vs.
Superman movie and the new Star Wars
mm-hmm I'm really excited to see the new
peanuts reporter it's true I'm the new
peanuts that I am either of those two
films sure I'm with you the new penis
film looks charming yeah and a nostalgic
but but definitely chairman yeah more
charming than anything wanna see if this
Archer moves
I don't want to deal with the archers
well I don't want to deal with archers
well I'm trying to take out the captain
yeah go let's go stare at that wall
Archer oh oh that was a little cheap
like he was turning around and I was
still able to sneak and kill him little
chief but I'll take it I don't care if
it's cheap I'll take it oh crap
I think they found me they're finding my
dead bodies yeah everything I've seen so
far at the comic-con yeah the fucking
most awesome thing is the Ashe versus
the Evil Dead trailer
oh my ideal full confidence in that show
full yes yeah that shows gonna kick ass
that looks exactly like the kind of show
news Ashe versus the evil or not and
it's not that it's ash vs. Evil Dead
okay it's gonna be fucking fantastic
just the greatest I'm so excited for it
yes yes it will be boom slaver done get
out of here I for some reason all of his
guys left him so I just got to fight him
alone it was great Wow yeah so now I can
equip some new shit it works yeah that
was a that was a really clean fight I
felt really good about it okay we got
some ruins
okay great oh but I've already gotten
ruins cuz I've already defeated so many
captains recover all focus and all
health for killing a captain yeah that
sounds like a great ruin you don't you
know what this has the Batman games
don't have what's that beheadings yes
yes the they gotta love to be headaches
the beheadings are great killing a
captain will guarantee
all right okay great wait so what yeah
oh I have some Oh as lots of new ruins
okay
24 percent chance to recover 5% health
on any kills 76 percent chance to
recover full health when to hit streak
reaches 30 that's really nice yeah I
think because my hit streaks can get
pretty up there so I think I'm gonna do
that that seems pretty sick I'm I don't
use the bow and arrow nearly as often as
I should so recover one I'll share after
firing the ball in there okay about that
so much loses the focus depletion right
that's pretty good what I have increased
headshot damage by 25% recover five
points health on headshot kill yeah I
like the increased headshot damage okay
great great everything's great
everything's great yeah so ash vs. Evil
Dead I think everyone was kind of
worried about the tone that they were
gonna take and it's it's gonna be great
it's gonna be beautiful
yeah it's it's comical tons of gore the
only thing I want to know is how do I
get stars I don't know what stars is but
how do I pay I like that as companions
aren't like super beautiful right
because that's what he would do exactly
so super excited about that but like I
don't know what stars is so what you're
telling me is I need to get cable in
order to watch this cuz I'll do it I'll
do if I have to buy cable just watch ash
vs. Evil Dead for however many weeks it
runs I will have cable for that many
weeks in order to watch ash vs. Evil
Dead it looks so fantastic ten episodes
oh hey I'll take ten if we get ten I'll
take ten you've got a guaranteed hit on
your heads
yes stars yeah I don't know what I don't
know what it is it's a paycheck oh so
does that mean start
is like an HBO it's like HBO but
low-rent takes what she's good gets yeah
yeah yeah okay I completed a mission
rich I did it I guess you need to find
some way to support it or else they
don't make more you know right yeah
photo mode is available huh what is
photo mode I don't care I don't care
about taking photos okay so this is nice
now this area is like won by the humans
hurry so is anybody in the chat know if
it's gonna be unlike a streaming Hulu or
Netflix or something oh yeah I'd rather
I'd much rather it be on Hulu if it was
on Hulu I'd watch the shit out of it are
there more orcs over here cuz I'm gonna
kill you I'm gonna kill you are you oh
there are
there are orcs up here oh I'm gonna get
you mine now
no not orcs it work I I know when was
the Evil Dead not low-budget good point
I was ever worried about the budget no
no no you know the the budget affords
them Sam Raimi and I think we were all
worried about that okay
is whether or not Sam Raimi would be
involved at this point he might just do
for fun just to kind of wash the
spider-man out of his mouth oh you know
what I totally forgot about a husband
great and powerful
oh that's Rowan totally forgot I had
that little powerup thingy Oh after you
stun you can like quick drink yeah which
is good cuz I was just about to die
again and now I'm not gonna oh crap
another captain another captain how they
come at the worst times you run into
them more frequently than I do I into
them constantly
luckily oh crap luckily I am uh I think
I defeated all of his henchmen oh no
there's 100 left crap crap
wait I think I get one more okay one
more save
how what what I don't know how he killed
me that time but you got me running away
I gotta run away oh I ran into another
fucking captain while running away from
one captain I I get stuck how are you
not dead right do you think impossible
to die upgrade no I mean I'm just lucky
apparently but now I'm running away for
dear life and everything sucks oh crap
oh and he's a fast one he's a fellow and
he's got me now he caught up to me climb
things he caught up to me it's doing
fine things Jack climbing very human use
your use your your monkey heritage yeah
this is Lord of the Rings mythology so
who knows if we have monkey heritage
here I'm fighting my way out of this
they keep following me so I'm fighting
my way out right and that crazy still
say you should have climbed something he
would catch up to me for your climbing -
yes I am weak thank you for noticing oh
my god I'm now surrounded by Orica how
does this fucking happen
taking my time taking my time I can do
this I'm Batman I'm Batman and I can do
this I'm Batman and I can do this is it
easier to feel like you can kick a bunch
of ass when you're playing as Batman yes
the punching is significantly more
satisfying than than sword swinging the
beheadings are better but you know I
like I know you like Thor
oh I regained my health somehow oh
that's right I got that thing where if I
get enough combos I have a chance to
regain my health that is good let's save
my ass right there
it's retreating jack don't what does it
ask it away no he's already good I mean
he's already gone oh oh fuck am I gonna
die to his henchmen fuck you I'm not
gonna die - you fucking henchmen
your quest for revenge jack fuck it up
oh my god Mauro ruk I get the heck out
of here how do I not run into auric I
for five seconds that's all I want in
the world is just not to run into or
Akaya
I try killing them all but they keep
coming who is worse Andrew Dice Clay or
Bill Cosby well I don't think Andrew
Dice Clay raped anyone is that is the
correct answer to that Andrew Dice que
dice clay may have been a mediocre
comedian and had a stick that wore thin
but I I don't remember him drugging
women and having sex with them while
they were unconscious would you care to
explain yourself that's great okay now
on to more important stuff I need to I
need to not die to random orcs anymore
interested party mission over there
there's new mission over here spirit of
Mordor sauron's
rooks relentlessly abused lesser orcs
and their violent struggles for power
investigate how the power of the Wraith
can exploit these struggles mmm I don't
necessarily care about that
I have attracted the attention of a
mysterious creature track him down and
discover what he knows about you I don't
necessarily care about that either
what's this
I don't know is this
that's the thing on your map I know I
don't know what any of them mean now a
survival challenge do the do they do the
main story one up the top of the map
yeah I think that's uh is that Smeagol
yeah yeah okay all right nothing down
there
that sounds good you know rich that
sounds good
you know what else I miss about this I
miss gliding around yeah yep
I miss gliding around as Batman because
of course I'm not Batman but but I do uh
I I don't
apparently a whole game that's nothing
but the combat portions a Batman gets a
bit wearying yeah yeah but but like I
said I think you know just me personally
I like the punching better then than the
Ford even though like you said I
definitely I definitely agree that the
beheadings more than make up for it and
also like I care about the Batman
universe in general yep
whereas this is like a there's books
like I don't necessarily I'll so wish
that I could like take these little
healing plants and like have them like
carry one with me I think that would be
really cool as I find myself in need of
healing often yeah oh listen I know
that's what I'm saying I want it to be a
little easier
okay I've attracted the attention of a
mysterious creature track him down
that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna track
him down also uh it was raining and at
nighttime and now during the cutscene
it's daylight but that's not I mean
that's not a big deal fine that's fine a
little a little world breaking button
that's fine
you're a ghost jack you're a ghost well
that's possible
no I'm half ghosts half human those guys
are beating up a human I should probably
rescue him jump down also he sticks he's
like very sticky
get out of here stop hitting humanzees
jerk there thank you you're half a ghost
jack what do you care what they do to
the living because I'm still half human
rich my human half wants to free the
humans and I don't know maybe if I like
free enough of my human half wants to
avenge the death of his wife
no but you know like maybe they'll help
me maybe they'll help me if I ever
rescue enough of them oh I could blow
them up but I probably don't need to so
I'm not going to because if I blow them
up I'm sure that will just attract
attention that's fun well of course it's
fun I also only have one arrow left
because I used the other two arrows to
save that human so it's a fine use of
arrows Jack you know I'm saving humans
rich I mean blowing up the fire would be
a fine use of your arrow oh there's more
humans to save over there but you know
we're tracking Gollum right now so I got
to say fuck it all so this man's
climbing ability just just top notch
better worse than assassin creed guys
climate ability I think it's better like
he's able to scale walls that he should
not be able to I do like this also that
you have to kind of like pick up arrows
from walls you know you have like a very
limited amount of them well you can you
can suck them from the guys you're
fighting okay that's stunning stun some
and hold me and that gives you an arrow
oh cool are you looking for me and I'm
out of here go go you gummy motherfucker
he moves a little gummy oh here we go
I'm gonna try to take out all these guys
boom boom boom for all in stealth let's
see let's see if they're just too dumb
to notice yes the answer is yes oh that
guy might be a captain stealth kill a
capital T badass
oh you can't you cannot still kill a
captain but like someone definitely
should have noticed that these guys must
be scripted because I killed the same
batch of guys okay yeah so he's not a
captain that's fine yep uh yeah they're
a little Bell little boom yeah yeah but
that's fine they're a little dumb but
they also gang up on you so that kind of
like offsets their dumbness dumbness Oh
okay all right all right we're going to
a cat or walk cave
you can stealth kill certain captain's
oh yeah oh oh Jesus Christ
that's what my screen is telling me oh
thank you screen where the fuck oh there
is
today did I lose them I mean obviously I
lost them does this pick up pick up what
is this what's going on what's happening
yes I understand that it's a thing
Oh
a loose story bit
sorry guys I'm paying attention to the
story
you can gain intel on captains and see
their strengths and weaknesses yeah
there's like an interrogate like
interrogate lessers thing but I can't
I also like I can't figure out how to
interrogate them and actually 99% of the
time when you ran into a captain it's
it's not like you're looking for him to
just stumble onto him right and you
don't know what's the fucked one that
was and what was no egg I suppose you
could pause the game and look I don't
know yeah I think that's the idea I want
to actually hunt them down she was like
a marker on the map what she could do
tell you can i maybe I just don't know
what the icon for the most like I said
I've only played it for a couple hours
but I haven't found one on the map
oh sure yeah they're on
Oh oh crap wasting it and wasting it
I had the glowy thing of death doom and
I wasted it sorry you should listen you
know how slow I am in general oh crap I
will say they attack so slow that I
almost every need to use the the counter
button yeah oh my god and apparently I
I'm just I'm being a little garbage
right now and I just died they wanted it
I was just being garbage that was my
fault
I was playing garbage retry 100% Jack
fault okay this time you know I'm gonna
do be a little faster on the arrows oh
and there's like a million arrows here
in countries they must have tracked four
categories here yes I already did that
oh the beasts that's what's killing me
my dad I'm dead already
no oh no what what happened how is that
I'll let you know when I see something
happen I don't I don't know exactly
what's going on but I mean I can tell
you that I'm a little boned also there's
a beast thing here that is not help that
is killing me I might be dead now also I
thought I could jump on these things
why can't I jump on it I dunno there's a
special dodge well yeah there's there's
an ex dodge okay I did it that was
sloppy that was sloppy but I did it yeah
good thing you're half ghost it's kind
of amusing that your objective in this
game is to die what do you mean that
kind of the plot he can't die he wants
to die he can't die cuz he's bonded to
the ghost no I mean some so far yeah I
think he wants to be with his wife oh
sure okay I get it yeah I guess
oh he sees the ghost is that circus the
circus doing voices oh oh Smeagol gets
out of everything by biting hey it works
I know I have abilities to unlock by
pressing right on the d-pad but I was
busy fighting
I was busy fighting everybody and we're
fighting now we're playing the fighting
people game now they're saying the the
chat is saying not circus some other guy
sounds good it sounds like I'm doing a
good impression
this is that ghost guy I could end up
things I've got a ringwraith or
something well he is a he's a Rafe and
we know that already my guess is the
ghost guy is going to be evil and what
he's trying to do is like have us
complete missions so he can have a human
body to like be reborn as and then it'll
be like the final boss will be fighting
him that's what I assume I'm good but I
don't really know oh I don't care about
that okay about that I don't care about
that this is what I want I'm like oh I
can unlock new abilities great way goes
like Ghostbusters lady Ghostbusters look
like a stupid reboot movie that should
not be rebooted
I don't care of the girls I don't care
if they're guys it's not Bill Murray
Harold Ramis for Dan Aykroyd yep those
are the three main ingredients those are
what makes that movie it's three three
all-time great comic actors kind of
talents having the performances of their
life that's what movies and that's why
it works as well as it does it's not
it's not just about the the great
concept of fighting ghosts with science
it's also great performances uh you know
you're right but here's here's what I'm
gonna say I don't want to discount the
movie in general I'm not going to be as
dismissive as you just because I enjoy
Kristen Wiig I think she's funny and I'm
saying I'm I am NOT insulted by the mere
presence of the movie it could be good
but you know I did I don't necessarily
care about it the next same thing to me
is the Robocop remake I don't need to
get rid of it don't know Ernie Hudson
does not get any respect I liked him
well enough in the movie but but I mean
compared to the other guys he's
replaceable you know he was the he was
the everyman in the movie right he was
the one he was the exposition dump sure
but anyway like there's a lot of people
that could have played that role in or
to work just as well
oh sure but I'm saying like that was
kind of his purpose in the movie was to
be not special you know like you're just
the guy that we're gonna talk about so
everyone knows what's going on you know
yeah and it's fine I think he did a fine
job as the character and his whole like
Christianity bit was a was a nice bit of
contrast to the other guys so you know
oh crap on a stick how did you get here
Ramis would be even more difficult to
get the Murray yeah see this is this is
why they shouldn't do another
Ghostbuster so it's not a movie okay I
have to fight a guy with a flaming stick
now and I can't shoot him with my bow
and arrow remake with Jai Courtney would
that be great
I don't know who Jack Courtney's giant
Jill Jill the new pal Reese oh sure yeah
but he's not he's not he's not it no
he's come on come on
at least like here is a comedy movie
that they're recasting with modern
comedians that's in there they're third
they're doing the girl gimmick it's not
it's not feminine power such as this
let's let's draw away the fact that
we're remaking an all-time classic movie
well they're you know what they're doing
so heat maybe will get less heat if the
cast is all women that's what it is
well I think what it really is is we
need to do something different or else
or else you know it's just gonna be
another pointless remake so they should
be applying for trying something
different I cynically think it's a
distraction sure sure it's trying to
avoid comparison because they just hired
three male comedians they don't be
compared unfavorably to the classic sure
sure yeah I'm okay with that like let
him try let him try where do we want to
go there's a giant fucking monster now
now anybody know anybody who says the
idea of remaking ghostbusters is
terrible they get to be labeled a sexist
I mean yeah on the studio's part
oh my god I just I just killed that
slave
sorry slave I did not mean to kill you I
think I just killed you I think I just
killed that slave - I'm sorry I keep
killing guys accidentally I think what
the fuck was that oh okay okay all right
I gotta go track a captain

[Part II]
tell me so I think I'm gonna go try to
kill him because now I have full health
and I can try to fight him again and I
might win this time Oh am I not I don't
know that's all fine everything's fine
I'll find out comes off comes out comes
out comes Raiders razor
crap crap what am I supposed to do here
what am I supposed to do here Oh am i
dead yep totally dead
alright I died I died what uh what was I
supposed to do and that's the dry I
think I'm supposed to wiggle the
joystick back and forth a lot and I did
not wiggle I know okay oh it's daytime
now I think I wanna I really want to get
that captain we're gonna try that again
let's go for one more time okay here we
go
do do do do do do do do to do to do to
do to do what's it what's it what's it
who slaves and shit
yeah get out of here oh hey no come here
I killed you thought I killed it there
okay good
run away slaves run away oh oh I think
the the giant beast was distracted by
the slaves running away like I went to
go eat them so now I can go out okay
that's stuck on a wall
okay so now I can go see if I can kill
that oh shit there's another beast there
how do I hop on thoughts on the new Star
Wars footage well it certainly was Star
Wars footage yep that it was looks fun
sure no I don't know jack-shit about the
movie story the characters looks good
yep
I sure those are the ones you can ride
are the really big giant fucking troll
looking ones the ones you can ride I
think ours I think I can ride these but
I don't know how and so I'm just gonna
keep Dodge rolling away until he goes
away but he's not going away so I gotta
run I think you have to fall fall onto
them and like I stole that effect I'm
sure okay and I'm not sure which
monsters could be those dog things or
could be the big I think it's these Oh
apparently I didn't do it damn it okay
guess what I'm not going back there
because I died twice in a game on some
of that new peanuts movie I do have the
skill to ride them new please the new
peanuts movie looks adorable yes I
really like the art style hold on I need
to double-check that I have the ability
to to ride these motherfuckers I think
you're trying to either ride the wrong
thing or you're trying to mount it wrong
either of these things could be correct
strike from above detonate race done
where would it be I want to say I got
this ability chance finisher poison
throwing daggers brutalize
Ryde kagura's press r1 to mount a car a
Gore from above okay once mounted you
can ride climb and fight with them so I
do are you right I need to like stealth
and press r1 so there'll be a button
prompt is basically the thing okay
but I do have the ability it is right
there unlocked great great we're
learning all right let's uh let's move
on where do we want to move on to what's
this guy what's this guy oh he's a guy I
get to interrogate I think where is he
he's right next to me well he's like a
right fucking there oh you're so fucking
dead
it's fucking dead I'm gonna fucking kill
you and your whole fucking party or not
or you're gonna kill me I know it'll be
fine
here's the real tough part though is now
I need to like kill everyone else around
him and not him yeah you can interrogate
the mid-fight okay yes okay well you
need enough time to get a grip hold it
sure i stunned him that all basically
you want to stun everyone around him
then grab him and do the interrogation
bullshit wrong button I know there's
only like three buttons I think I'm
doing pretty good killing everyone else
so I think I'm gonna keep trying to do
that oh are you running away
you motherfucker get back here chase
them down I'm chasing him down get back
here hey dickhead I spent I spent like
five minutes to chase someone fucker
down before come here come here come
here
got him oh don't have to do it again
what do I have to do hole hold the hold
down the grab button hit hey I killed
him I somehow killed him did you hit X
now I was just holding the hole at the I
was holding the hold button no no no
that's the suck life out of the hole
button is the left bumper for the right
right bumper I think hold on that
actually goes like a grab and throw
Oh whoopsie yep well that's fine
I killed them to death instead and
that's fine that's gonna be fine like
you played this game for like like an
hour and a half it's fine oh yeah no I'm
still learning I'm still learning and
I'm sure everyone in the chat completely
understands that I'm still learning so
they're not judging me at all I just
want to make sure they know that
get away from that cave just like a
regular old towel though always it works
and randomly running around this world
makes no sense to me right who are you
I thought I would just kill a couple
guys really quick before choosing my
next mission and then another captain
showed up its captain every two seconds
rich and I hate that I hate the fucking
captain's that kill me all the time you
know why why oh it's because I'm dying a
lot yeah I get it yeah yeah captain
spawn whatever oh yeah okay yeah all
right I guess I'll just continue with
the story then Oh
this spirit of Mordor okay let's go do
the spirit of Mordor killed you like
four times I don't fucking care I hate
him he might have he always late he
always catches me at the wrong time or
at the right time like a parent
according to him what will happen if
Donald Trump is president honestly
comedy lots of comments lots of comedy I
I did read that no I mean it'll never
happen I love the fact that he is the
supposed front-runner in the GOP
primaries yeah well you know according
to like a weird poll that can't be right
that's gotta be joke it's gotta be
that's that's gotta be liberals like
they see the poll let's write down
Donald Trump yes
but I mean if he is that's fantastic
news for liberals because obviously I
mean obviously he's not gonna be
President I I have far I have far too
much faith in humanity even if he won
the popular vote I got to imagine the
Electoral College with the electoral
college would just be like okay guys
here's the thing no no no no only won 49
of the 50 states but not this is you
know what everybody this is just for
your own good
this is a for your own good kind of
situation a herb I need is nearby I
don't need any herbs I don't need any
hurt whatever I don't need no fucking
herbs here's the thing over here there's
like a trinket there's this trinket from
the front to back I feeling that
okay
lots of works yeah lots of sneakin lots
of sneaking in this game what is this
that looks like a fun herb I know I keep
saying herb and it's an herb he's
leading with like 12% oh my god wait was
that is that true like he is the
foreigner that's you know if that is
true that is like I said great news for
liberals everywhere oh I think that was
something I could interrogate I know I
know that's what Lorne Michaels would
like to say Wow well yeah
collect Intel great Intel will reveal a
captain strength and unlock their
weaknesses unlocked weaknesses and label
you to more easily defeat a captain hey
vulnerable means the captain can be
killed in one strike with a specific
combat strategy oh nice
Oh aye there's Intel on that captain
that keeps killing me all the time
vulnerable to stealth finishers can be
killed instantly using stealth finishers
wait we have an objective Hey find him
find him on the map yeah I'll try it'll
kill him
nice let's see here hint damaged by
explosions can he can be injured by
explosions all right all right you know
what let's go find him can I do that now
can I be like mark target target marked
boom
so we're you know these just show me on
the map where he is
no maybe no what I would love to figure
out people so someone said something
about there being like a skull with
lines or something I'm looking not on
the overworld map maybe just on my
regular oh I see yep he is he's just
done my regular map your map okay okay
Bowie you have Intel for me
wait did it kill him he's in the green
region on the map
did you just kill the insult no no I I
saw after oh crap
that's it right it's the X button
because there is no a button I'm playing
this on a Playstation oh oh did you buy
the PC version yeah okay Wow oh yeah I
guess I assumed you did but oh my god
I'm gonna write a rancor come here
fuck yeah I'm writing a fucking rancor
oh wait oh wait I need to dominate him
now we're talking
okay okay Square to attack triangle to
bite kills knocked down or unaware
enemy's oh i can use my bow and arrow on
him that's really great
okay now let's go see if we can find me
this this uh see if we can find me this
guy over here I see him on my map I'm
gonna head towards him wait I should
mark him on this map - he's in the greet
he's way over in the green section no
he's over here somewhere fucking I'm
heading towards of it this matter
use X oh I could I can still sprint with
them great guess what guys not going to
either fuck down
get out of here yeah
oh my god now we're talking now we got a
good now we got a game
now we got a game rich I'm very happy
for now III I'm very happy oh my god I
think I just heard him Hey oh my god I
think lime oh fuck yeah I can climb I am
as it turns out really deep into enemy
territory and it's probably a good idea
that I get out of here even though this
is where Touche
we're kind of dismount see what happens
oh he's so cool aren't you in Mordor
where the bad guys live I am in Mordor
where the bad guys live okay where's my
guy now
use your magic vision and look for the
red guy there is
okay vulnerable to stealth finishers can
be killed instantly using a stealth
finisher oh and I happen to be in an
area with a lot of stealth all right and
he's fighting my rancor ha deal with it
sucka duck
well I think I can do this if I get to
the I'm totally gonna fucking finish you
off mr. smile I didn't know about the HD
texture pack like I said I have a life
screw around the game for three what I
had to him highlighted for a self kill
and it changed the guy last minute sorry
damn it don't run away
yes that's what I'm doing I'm running
away I'm running away
nope that's that's hiding they all
follow me all the bad guys are following
me rich huh I think they killed my mouth
yeah he's dead a long wait I think that
I think I hate good enough and they're
losing interest in me okay yeah I think
they lost it all you know they can't
find me right now so if I just wait it
out I know and I just want to kill this
one guy okay
okay they lost interest in me now all I
got to do is kill this one guy and I'm
running away again yep they all lost
interest in me yeah that's right get out
of here nope no Ranger over here no
Ranger over here certainly not oh man
there's so many of these guys here rich
I'm so
yeah you're fine yeah I'm fine climb
this thing I did I claimed to call
things huh where's it going he's coming
up by me he's coming up right by me if
I'm lucky oh no he's gonna jump down oh
wait if I'm lucky oh god I think I can
get him I think I can get him right here
look I got him dumb I fucking got him
congratulations fucking got him boom
fucking boom you know what I'm doing now
running the fuck away just getting
getting right out of here getting right
out of Dodge revenge revenge wins all
did they follow me no they didn't see me
great okay that's great yeah that was a
that was really deep into an enemy
stronghold by the way so not the best
idea but you know all's well that ends
well I think I can get my mount back I
think I know where was he who's in a
cage somewhere they know there is he's
amount is in a cage over here you know
what there's enough rooms where if I let
him loose I might be able to jump on him
again alright really I should say fuck
it I need to say fuck it let's go on
let's move on no there's so many fucking
guys here it's fine that's what I needed
to hear it
that's what I needed to hear
stealth kill
did you try shooting the walk on the
kitch oh that's a good idea
you jump down to fight it yep fighting
right now
Oh doing pretty well yep
betta there's no captain the captains
are always would screw me up because
they're very powerful
oh well except for their spear guys here
oh we have I need to run away okay
running away running away spear guys get
out of my get that town yeah it sounds
the spear guys let's go yeah where's the
cage now now can't hit it from here oh
shit they're throwing shit in there
throwing shit at me rich so it's almost
like I attacked them running oh hey I
killed a lot of them so if that counts
for anything
oh shoot the lot it's on the other side
although I'm still killing people again
okay I do anything oh here we go I can
get over here I see like there's like
bees nests that I can drop down to fuck
with people yes I think I might do that
let's see how do we do that
just hit the cage anywhere somebody else
is saying
oh yeah okay great I'll give that a try
I also just unloaded a fury of bees on
them shot the cage didn't oh it didn't
work Thanks
can I jump on you now oh yeah it's gonna
kill now
oh I said after like read dominate him
I'll just let him fuck him up for a
little bit that works well that works as
well we'll see if he can fuck any of
them up and then I'll drop down and kill
him
you
is there another cage that might be I
don't know I think they just put him
back in the cage I don't know if they
like I think that's different that's
gotta be it could be it's probably
multiple ones Roger I thought I saw oh
yeah thanks I think they killed him
I think they kill them yeah
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo stealth
killin doot doot doot doot jump okay
stealth killing and to do to to stealth
killing Wow yeah you kill those rooks
rooks what a terrible name rooks
where did there was just a guy oh wait
rooks watch worse aren't they acids very
dangerous I always thought they were
aruch eye or is that even a different
thing what they're two different high I
don't I don't know Lord of the Rings I
just don't
sure I don't even know there was
something called an aloof until I played
this game so oh and I'm hearing from a
voice from beyond that aruch eyes are
different altogether
well will prereq get a mascot I thought
I thought I was in yeah yeah we have one
it's called rich Evans and it's pretty
great mascot well I think there's a
captain in here I think if I defeat the
captain I like take the stronghold
that's probably part of a story mission
probably but I'm here now so oh oh hey a
random guy who can kill I'm glad he
didn't see me there was a random like
Archer where I was climbing around yep
oh he's mine now
see a guy can interrogate over there so
I'm totally gonna go do that you're just
standing around all alone by yourself
aren't you would be a shame if someone
dropped down and stuck a knife in your
fucking neck where is everybody
yep there's another beast up here
there's another beast I can thought I
saw another one yep there certainly is
it's gonna be mommies now
no you are not gonna like anything
motherfucker
but I killed them
who did you alert
so probably screaming I was sure it was
certainly not a stealth kill step not
like that even though that guy clearly
saw me that guy clearly saw me I still
feel for him
they tell me he doesn't see me ah video
game logic this guy doesn't see me rich
you're gonna see him in a second he
certainly doesn't see me he said it must
have been rats did he really say it must
have been rats yep oh that's a total
thief reference yeah come on turn around
I want to kill you
now you
that's a thief stealth reference nice
hole well that's fun you know what that
is
that's fun worms will expose captain's
weaknesses hope there's a worm
okay so we want to
there are just two orcs randomly
fighting in the pit and the fight pit
and I kind of love that don't kill you
then we're gonna practice my interrogate
all right and interrogate great I did it
I gained Intel yes that's what we want
to do we don't want to kill him
Intel he's weak too many things great so
now we will kill you
thank you for your Intel
oh really do-do-do-do-do-do thank you
for your Intel this is kind of fun now
like now that I'm in a stronghold and I
kind of like even though it like this is
not part of the main story and it's it's
almost like a meta game I like that I
just want to clean out this stronghold
that's my only goal now is to clean out
this stronghold do they respond though I
really hope not that's a good question I
I think I can take it seems to be like
they do Chad this is a question for you
then do they respond I'm gonna be so
fucking pissed
I'm just gonna be pissed if they respond
get up
gotta get up to get down what's the
objective here none you're just goofing
around no but I think there is an actual
objective here where there's like a
stronghold there is like I think I can
take this oh wait what was that
there's more Intel I can get in here I
guess I'll try to do that move it oh is
that what is that it's gonna be part of
a main story thing later I'm sure what
does she I have to say about respawning
they don't respond the more storm in
from outside oh great okay but you know
those guys from outside they probably
spot so half a dozen a six or six and
one hand half a dozen in the other right
yeah all right well you know what I
think I'm just gonna drop this pile of
bees and then get out of there and drop
the pile of bees petty I know
let's petty I don't care okay
all right now I'm gonna get my mount
back there's new guys over here that's
fine guy in chat the only part of this
that's really like the Batman games is
the combat yeah
what
no oh I opened up the cage and then
rolled directly into the cage whoopsie
but he's busy killing other things now
so I'm gonna be okay with it yeah I
suppose I could have where's he now
where is he where's my friend he's in
the pit he will be mine now you will be
mine now yes you're mine now
getting out of here wait I should
probably know where I'm going first
at some point you're gonna get to a
point where we can't call this arkham
combat anymore i think this is becoming
its own thing it feels it's like it's
like when when first person shooters
used to be called doom clones yeah do
that at some point because it's just too
damn many of them and they're not gonna
stop well so so the question is what do
we call this like good cuz it's a good
question
our come combat is like it's you know
it's like he can anticipate what's gonna
happen and so there's there's like do we
just call it like hero combats
anticipation combat you know what group
combat that's not much of an emphasis on
one-on-one fights it's all about large
groups oh sure free flow combat yeah
works check ooh free flow free flow
combat I like that
Oh oh my god this thing handles like ass
okay get out of here get out of here
getting out of here getting out of the
encampment all right whoa whoa
the beast you are hunting is nearby what
beast pardon me
am I going this way this way I'm going
this way
whoa whoa oh shit
can I climb this no can I climb this yes
free shit shit my visa is on fire my
beast is on fire first get promoted when
you die did they get promoted
immediately or you just dead for like a
while before you resurrect they get
promoted immediately once I die but by
the way taking out captain's with the
rancor
really easy it might be weak to them oh
maybe he was oh shit no that's no I know
no oh there is a rancor you're right oh
shit
oh they killed my Beast
crap crap it is fine but now I'm uh I'm
just fighting a bunch of dudes
that's okay I got I got plenty of help
shit
I'd say that right before I died I
didn't die it
Simon of these stream Starks different
times usually a 38 yeah especially in
Sundays it's usually 8:30 Central u.s.
central u.s. time Central Standard Time
say well central daylight savings time
now okay yeah is what I need to get the
plug out of here it's we there we go
I hate daylight savings yeah so other
countries do daylight saving thanks know
so that's just a quickie importuning of
Ben Franklin catch on because it's the
one stupid thing he ever advocated well
you know the other countries are also
not as wide as America and so you know
it was it's a fine idea which is you
know all oh way oh no that's time zones
I was thinking of I'm dumb
don't listen barrage great just thinking
of time time zones in general great I
found some shit that healed me which is
great
there's Intel to be gained over there oh
and there's some slaves to be freed okay
do I have arrows
I'm gonna grab the shit out of you
I'm gonna grab the shit out of you oh
you can gain intel on anyone that's fun
I didn't know this I don't know you
could like choose who you gain intel on
let's see here this guy oh this guy is
central to a mission that I'm about to
go I can't gain intelligence well fuck
it
so you can gain intel on some people ok
ok yeah that's neat I'm getting into it
now that I did not I did not know about
this I thought the gaining Intel only uh
only like told you where they were
oh Emily you know cuz it does that like
close up every time every time you meet
them and then the close up reminds you
of their weakness which is very useful
okay great we're doing great
everything's great um I'm about to go do
this mission so I'm gonna pause real
quick and we'll take a little moment to
thank subscribers all right you know
what alright indeed let's see we got
here it's very tiny my setup is a little
janky right now so terrible things might
happen
yep okay oh I just unplugged oh no oh
god you have terrible things they are
now we did not lose the stream but okay
there we go
it's just very tiny why are you so tiny
okay let's okay Oh God alright okay
ready Elvis delvis sloth Boy Advance
doom-doom pokey striker 1 1 2 1 MC Lukas
perfect dark splurgle
smoogle hi balance funny
we very much appreciate it
Barclay DC cracker man 5 to 6 Jean pecan
that's another Jim pickle uh Godfather
42 buff eponymous RMT for JP versus the
world
chemo chemo oh my lord
chemo bill kansan chemo bill Kansan
zoeva's and Papa Zulu thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it it's true we
really do we really do it's it's really
true my computer got unplugged for a
moment oh my god that's fine how do we
not lose because it's going through a
laptop I have to use my laptop to stream
at the moment which is why I'm running
this through the ps4 because obviously
my laptop is not powerful enough to play
games on it but my main office area is a
little usable so I'm a little I'm I'm
streaming directly from my living room
at the moment which is really great for
playing because I get to play on the
real TV instead of my computer monitor
but alright oh it is nice but you know
and TV is nice too and then sit on the
couch ok what am i doing what am i doing
right no uh well first of all I've been
doing some great stuff in the game you
have you have I feel really good about
where I am do I have any upgrades hey I
say goofing off me we're just not really
following the story going around doing
things yeah right now I'm just gonna run
doing things but I think that's the the
that's cool of a good game is that I can
just go around oh I do I have one I'm
not I'm not criticizing Jack I'm just
describing oh good well good I'm glad
oh I can get a last-chance finisher
that's kind of fun what is this one
critical strike double hit streaks gains
on well-timed attacks tap square only
once as each strike connects to receive
the bonus other well time moves such as
dagger throws can be critical strikes oh
yeah I want that critical strikes great
great all right great all right getting
out here doing the main story
shoot hanging bait to attract Kara
Gore's sauron's rooks relentlessly
abused lesser orcs in their violent
struggles for power investigate how the
power of the Wraith can exploit these
struggles piercing weak minds to bring
down the enemy forces from within one
orc mind in particular shines as a
blazing beacon of weakness dun dun dun
you know like you know a lot of people
like this fantasy world you know the
hunter the knight the orcs unnecessarily
something I'm into but I'm not not into
it if that makes any sense like I just
don't like I'm indifferent towards it
I'm like Batman which like that's a
world I can really get into superheroes
in that this is a word that I'm just
kind of indifferent to but I love the
game play science fiction yeah maybe
maybe weirder fantasy like kief but it's
kind of half steampunk world it's got a
neat mm-hmm well that has like a
technological element like Dishonored
looks really fun even though that's kind
of like a Victorian said but it's like a
little steam punky
whoo okay gorath Kara Gore tamer gorath
the Kara Gore tamer located at main
mission captain and worms will reveal
all intel on target when interrogated
cool great press are two vulnerable to
mounted beasts can be killed instantly
by mounted beast finishes and you wait a
minute what
well Gore off is a Kara gore tamer yet
he has a fear of Kara Gore's he becomes
terrified at the sight of Kara Gore's
yet his job is to tame the Kara Gore's
and in fact he has like a dead Kara gore
helmet on maybe he's a poser his whole
life is a lie
and he just hates going to work every
day one day they're gonna find that's
right I'm gonna whip those dickheads
into shape don't look at me that's
exactly
something happen to the chat I'm not
getting any new messages
no I'm still getting new messages Jack
not getting the joke it's supposed to be
a joke no I'm not getting the joke oh
there's things humorous do you think
they're saying that there is like
in-game banter where people the other
rooks say exactly the same thing so that
that is the joke is that he's like as
afraid of these things but has this job
okay well then I didn't get the joke
because I didn't hear it I guess that's
really funny
so this goat off is in charge I'm not
walking right now by the way everyone I
can control the camera but I am NOT
walking
I'm just fought like it says to follow
him but I'm not pressing the move button
by rich by rich news defenders will
block frontal attacks must be hit from
behind okay great so very bad man hold
on I'm not I'm gonna tread it over rich
is coming back
rich what what's gone up yeah yeah hung
up I did not hang up oh that was
disconnection oh oh oh so what you might
have missed is we have an escort mission
okay and this rat bag orc wants to be
leader of the camp and it looks like we
need to keep him alive Oh what so

[Part III]
nope ooh ratbag is not doing well come
on rat bag where are you oh sorry
rapping there we go okay rich yes I'm
okay just want to make sure want to make
sure I didn't lose you again are you
stabbing repick yeah I accidentally hit
ratbag a couple times oh man once again
I'm not walking on that can remember so
this is yeah this is a weird escort
mission where ratbag leads me the next
thing I'm sure there's gonna be another
group fight in here where I have to keep
them alive and why not let me follow oh
now again so golem looks like movie
golem right uh yeah why do the orcs not
look like the movie orcs movie york's
were kind of like look like mud monsters
well those are those i think were the oh
okies there's different works that's
what according according to the expert
who is here right now the the mud
monsters i believe are the Uruk eyes all
right all right and and so there's orcs
or rooks and O'Rouke eyes and it looks
like now we have a stealthy section
base now complaining bacon for their
Lord
they're not gonna see that whoopsie no
they didn't see that array I made a big
stealth mistake but it's alright because
they didn't notice that oh shit I
probably wasn't supposed to do that I
was supposed to search for goeth without
raising an alarm and I just killed
someone which is probably gonna raise an
alarm if anyone sees him all right
you'll be fine I'm sure I'll be fine i'm
not i'm not really worried about it i
haven't I have a dumb plan when I kind
of cheese the game a little bit i'll
just go over here no one will see me I'm
gonna stealth kill this guy and no one
will see me do it no shit or they will
oh no he's dead it's fine
she's in the game I'm probably not
supposed to kill these guys oh sure
you're fine there's a lot of them over
here I just don't kill anymore right JP
verse the world we did it did we talked
about an hour ago I'm sorry Oh talk
about what I a lot of dying yes yes we
did very very sad and very very
interesting you know one just you you
just wonder what's gonna happen that's a
sudden though well I mean sudden because
yeah sudden he had he was sick he had
her like a big operation recently haha
bees I'm just knocking down bees
search for goeth without raising any
alarms I'm not raising alarms you know
just be either Wallabies might have
raised an alarm raised to be alarm it
raised the B alarm but not that not the
me alarm that's the important part
somebody not to be down and wasn't it
work they don't like the bees like bees
Jack oh I might have just raised an
alarm
he took great I feel like I'm doing
great also I don't feel like I'm doing
great at all I just don't feel like I'm
doing oh ok I think I see what's going
on hey I need to knock these guys out of
their cages here
oopsie one of your animals is gonna get
out yes they're not an animal now Oh
goddammit there's not an animal in there
here we go whoopsie one of your animals
is gonna get out it's not gonna raise
any alarms it's gonna be fine gonna be
fine do I get my go up there sure I do
something I really enjoy is how like all
the climby stuff you can just kind of
climb almost anything and so it makes
these like these kind of like an arena
these makeshift arena area is very fun
just cuz you can climb up anything so
much for him always being in the same
place captain who fears is based here is
a powerful tool time let's put corals to
work
okay so yeah the the it is a joke that
he okay that he fears his own beasts
that is that is the gag
and so yeah I'm just kind of letting all
the beasts out hoping that they do some
of the work for me here help shot
who is that more bees i can drop fuck
yeah drop the bees drop the bees you
know we're doing dropping the bees I
don't even know if I'm supposed to be
dropping these but I'm doing it you you
do that thing jack yeah i'm dropping all
the bees rich all the bees gonna be
dropped ah mostly because it's funny so
so many in the chat say they're making
an animated version of The Killing Joke
I'd yes I did see that I I read about
that could be fun you know hopefully
hopefully they get mark hamill I mean
obviously me now he's having you know
fuck fuck it Kevin Conroy too I can make
purple make it absolutely perfect
more beasts are they mow beasts okay I
think I get what I'm supposed to do here
now i'm just not hit
Oh Bruce tim is doing it sweet who's
Bruce Timm look Batman a mystery Scott
oh that could be fun that could be real
fun is he going with his art style or
are they going to make it look like the
comic book I imagine with bruce timm
it'll be the batman tas style you would
assume so but yeah I know Hamill would
would do the Joker for the killing joke
so
oh okay I see
letting the beasts co
distracting the guards by letting the
beasts go doo doo doo doo doo wine easy
I love the little distraction tool have
you been using that at all the
distraction tool though you can like
point with your bow and arrow and like
instead of hitting shoot the bone error
you can hit triangle and it like makes
all the energy look where you would have
shot it's pretty great just got addy
yeah you know it's fun you get to you
get to muck around with some stuff
you go check it out come on man clear
the bridge some of us one across it I
guess I'll just go around I guess I'll
just go around fucking doo doo doo
okay okay
I'll probably need a kerrigor to kill
this end boss don't assume i spend like
a hundred of them in there yeah but I ya
know they have to plan on you not having
the upgrade for it though right I don't
know we're close well which one of his
filth is golf
you hear about that captain they're
gonna set on fire yeah we got the slaver
killed to those who found their body
said they were too bird to even eat oh
crap
oh shit nope you didn't see me he's
totally didn't see me rich you're gonna
see this in a second okay you're gonna
see this in a second this guy totally
didn't see me oh whoops don't have good
eyesight apparently not apparently they
really don't have good eyes APIs that
was a little how do you hear that I look
like you're you're climbing up the wall
yeah yeah you're outside the walls
that's fine I island dump alexan are 11
near the area you know what I'm gonna
see if I can get on this kerrigor here
oh my god biscuits freaking out she kill
that Archer before he kills the Beast oh
I did kill the actor I must have just
missed it target is oh the target
escaped oh the captain got away oh I
guess I should have been chasing him you
fucked up I did I totally fucked up
that's all right yeah well I know to
chase him now I didn't know that before
hi biscuit sorry something has been
brought to my attention I'm usually not
in the living room when i stream and
biscuit is joining us here for a little
bit probably not going to say anything
but ok but then i have cat hair alarming
that's not helping the situation
that we're gonna be shifting off
somewhere else oh there is there is
growth or off the car wadleigh oh I
already notice me this time that Archer
not as why did you think they are
apparently none okay I got him fearing
the car girders again hold on oh I do
want to kill this Archer I don't wanna
have to deal with this bullshit later
shit YZ okay can't let him get away this
run run okay now take up hold x + r1 to
tackle and tear it what am I not
why am I why are you what I don't know
rich oh well maybe I'm just posed to
kill him hold hold the the the hold
button I was i think im just posed to
kill him it might not be weak enough
shit
and I supposed to do here try I don't
know it tells me to hold x and r 1 to 10
an enemy to tackle him and like he's
just flailing all about and so I think
it wants to when you're running hold the
r one button dumb and you'll do it actor
oh you have to hold it down not just
press it yeah oh okay sure okay that's
fine
anyway again he's running away again I
gotta go catch em gotta go catch him
fuck you get out of here out of here get
out of here get out of here getting away
again what me you dickhead come here
come here you dickhead you dickhead he
just keeps running rich I'm sorry I got
the fear of the cargo or in him can you
kill him without me right would that be
easier if he's not running away yeah I
think I should have jumped on a beast
and ins to kill him with Abby's yeah
yeah hey Co I fucking got him finally
fucking shank him our Shannon shanking
doesn't work come on that's like slowly
slices ass up
they're okay fury attack works pretty oh
there we go nice fury like act yeah okay
after power struggles battle reports
will recap the events and oh I already
knew that because I was fucking around
that's fine that's fine Oh ratbag the
coward is now promoted to captain ratbag
the coward is uh is the one we helped I
think no I don't know if I have to kill
him now or is he if he's gonna be my
friend in the story I need you to take a
pony back to marketing I want to give me
a trophy dad filthy cops are need you to
carry oh yeah we helped red bag Oh
and now ratbag is the leader over here
that's funny little be your next time
yeah and when you're done with that I've
got more bodies for you to carry me at
the crossroads an old friend there is
about the losses
nope story story oh my fag has more
personality than the other characters
including the protagonist very true yes
so far i completely understand ratbags
motivation he's uh he's dynamic it's
simple you know he just he just wants to
be successful like I'm not sure whether
our mayor protagonist wants Ford once
redemption wants revenge or just wants
to die so we can be with this family
yeah that's i'm not sure what could
possibly be next we must use the weapons
of our enemy against you makes it a
perfect Lord of the Rings character hey
oh but I'm chunk okay great we uh took
care of some stuff oh I can unlock a new
ability unlock ability
wait come back okay let's see what I can
unlock oh my god just let it die biscuit
yeah I don't know what he's doing it's
fine he's dying it's fine yeah what are
you going after I don't I just don't get
what's happening um all right what can I
do here max alpha oh and I can't get
that one sword room slut unlocks roots
lot with your sword sure that sounds fun
let's do that and ruin slot from a
dagger to let's do that and the rooms
love for my boat ruin slots for everyone
yay all right let's see here last chance
finisher that could be fun that could be
fun bo attacks aimed at Rick gooks legs
will pin him in place use quick pinning
shots to keep a fleeing work from
escaping or Moto's Eliza mobilizing that
could be good we want that probably
let's cheer went up also
bit a bit of biscuits going a little
crazy Jack even equipped rune yeah yeah
I everyone's equipped and now I can
equip more ruins so we're gonna so we
know we'll check that out check out
what's going on here yeah I already have
like so equipped I have this 676 percent
chance to recover full health when you
hit a streak of 30 see we have next
one's nice I think that's a really know
because that's a really nice reward for
keeping your streak up if you can do it
cover six percent health on ooh
twenty-four percent chance to recover
five health on any kill that's pretty
nice that's pretty nice yeah I never
surrender as you gain an additional last
chance to return to the fray in combat
against rooks that's pretty nice oh I
chose the one that made my flame my
sword good on fire sometimes that's what
let's see here train or brand
juice is the focus depletion rate by
fifty percent or if cover five percent
help on head shot kills let's see here
and let's reduce the focus time and with
the dagger maybe biscuit wants to play
the game maybe that's what's going on no
now biscuit is just lying down and
cleaning himself I think he just went
nuts for a second which happens what you
know that do that happens sometimes yeah
biscuits a complicated creature
eighty-five percent chance to terrify
more than two works on a brutalized kill
Oh God so you can do I can recover focus
on a stealth kill yeah I want that i
still kill a lot okay great great
great
great what am i doing now what's over
here what's happening oh if I defeat a
tug och the Guardian I can earn a
special reward so I guess I was like
yeah I guess I should thank you sounds
like a gold Jack let's do that Oh long
but first there's like a tower or some
shit over here that I can get so we can
show the world we talking about well
shit how have you not seen me
I I gotta sneak back out of here now
shit no it's fine everything's fine Oh
going all the way up apparently okay no
that's fine that's fine everything's
fine everything's fine here still
still figuring it out it'll figuring it
out there's a guy can kill you you can
destroy walls oh crap wrong motherfucker
Oh motherfucker it Jen I got spotted
you'll be fine I'm sure I'll be fine
combats easy in this game you just
always get spotted I know I always gets
about it Oh always get spotted yes this
time he's good spotted kill everybody
and don't worry about okay I'm on it
oh I'm gonna
especially now with your 75 percent
chance to regain it PhilHealth right
there we go that's what I really wanted
to do is get that Forge going and now
who some new missions are real so now
there is a captain or something to kill
there's some shit to do over here now
rich excellent yes is this
start mission defeat tug cock the
Guardian to earn special rewards he's an
elite captain but I have no I don't have
any information on dr. Guardian so I
think I'm gonna go look for some people
to interrogate there anything we haven't
talked about let me check my list we
talked about Batman vs Superman
obviously ash vs. Evil Dead new Aunt May
new Aunt May oh yeah who America marisa
tomei is a me yeah yeah yeah that's fine
it makes more sense I do prefer like an
ant wouldn't be elder like maybe an ant
would we an ant is not necessarily
elderly yeah and the the the gag or not
the gag be the shtick of Aunt May being
like old and fragile is one that I've
never much cared for yeah um I've really
had like even even away back in a day
just like oh my poor heart might give
out if if that spider-man got anywhere
near me is something that it gets so old
so fast and so yeah so yeah I'm okay
with the young grandma and I you know
miss just um he's fine there's no a lot
of people on the internet were pissed
off the butter at least not happy about
it that make sense yeah why are they
pissed off about it I don't know cuz
she's supposed to me because she's
supposed to be all the way yeah she
doesn't have to be elderly I don't care
I don't care about elderly man helo
hopes we get to see uncle then get shot
again everything every you mean you mean
Jai Courtney is he gonna be uncle Uncle
Ben Oh congratulations you need to stop
saying his name because we need to
forget his name rich we'd ever get that
that man has a name I think his origin
is gonna be handled in a brief flashback
yeah yeah that could be I need some I
need some people to interrogate her some
greenies I mean no an aunt should be as
roughly the same age as the the mother
and the mother is not going to be
elderly you know roughly it could be an
older and much older like 30 years older
like elderly 80 year old at me know oh
yeah I know it's definitely shouldn't be
that bad yeah do you see me you're
running right towards me do you see me
Marvel's got their shit together I think
they know people don't want to see
another movie that's just the origin
right yeah they know enough they know
enough to know they know enough I read
somewhere they're shooting for something
that feels like a John Hughes movie what
ya playing up the the childhood growing
up kind of angle sure hon hey dick check
that out there's some stuff over there
all right I'll just fight you boo ball
fleshing glutton is the captain I need
to face at the moment if not see the sua
squad Suicide Squad trailer I just don't
care I have not seen the Deadpool
trailer just because I haven't seen the
dead bored do you have seen the digital
trailer because you haven't seen the one
because I haven't seen the Deadpool
trailer I stopped a link to an article
there's a guy that comes like a check
email all over yeah I think sections
that new Deadpool trailer reveal an
eclipse and all that's interesting and I
clicked on the link and there was a
story about the new trailer but no
actual leaked video of the trailer just
like fuck you oh yeah yeah I'm sure I'll
see it at some point
yeah it looks fun um if it's anything
like the test footage they did it'll be
great yeah yeah that's that's exactly
what it looks like I need to decide what
I'm doing next girl so I'm just gonna
endlessly run away from things again all
right let's see here yeah maybe I'll
just hang right here for a second I'm
doing fairly well fairly well for the
moment what else did you think you think
that endows gonna keep up there there
are no screaming policy or they're not
you know their monetization policies
with the new regime that's that's the
can we expect massive changes dare I say
I like I don't want to call it exciting
because that almost sounds like I'm
disrespecting you wanna but he had some
old-school philosophies when it came to
Nintendo business practices and so you
know I'm hoping we do see some changes
and I think those changes would be
positive no disrespect meant of course
and you can mean disrespect it's fine we
didn't know no that's that's true we
didn't know but I still don't want to
he's in Japan's is his friends and
family we're not gonna hear the stream
you can say is a cocksucker nobody cares
I just don't I don't want to say that
okay I just don't think that would be a
nice thing to do he was a mildly amusing
Muppet he that's true there's my eulogy
for Iowa yes
these are all true things are saying
might like the new guard go hand hold
only you know old only and held only
would be very profitable
who the hate of burns what oh shit who's
hit me who's hit me you are ok I can
take you up
look I didn't call I want a cocksucker I
said Jack could so chose which which
wild true I would not but but but yes
nevertheless i could but i but I won't
the the new president of its center will
be j courtney j you have an obsession
rich i think with Jack Courtney you
might have an unhealthy obsession with
jack or this he's kind of a poster boy
for mediocre awful this now listening
you know I'll here's what I I don't know
because i do not see terminator genisys
oh now we have two captains off fucknuts
now we have two captains
bring knives gunfight says rich Evans
versus owatta in Valhalla come Tuesday
sorry rich that's when you go that's I'm
fine with that that's all you're fine
with that's when you go you didn't even
say what Tuesday I'm fine Diane a
Tuesday get one last weekend in not over
the hump yet
oh yeah now we have another captain so
we're getting out of it we now have
three captains I don't like them
captains well three is just a little
much right three is a little much deal
with so we're running away yeah you know
one captain and a bunch of goons you can
deal with we're gonna go to the can you
kill them all except for the story ones
like early you can kill all the
captain's like but every time you kill a
captain it gets replaced by another
captain that's not sure where ever tell
you die no no else look at this like
this I think the only replace for you
die oh is that well when captains are
killed an open position is created in
saurons army new captain's can move in
to fill this position when time passes
okay so like right now I have a bunch of
dead captain's which is great but at any
moment someone could come in and be the
captain there are certain ones that are
you know kita story elements button cuz
I was killed by random dudes and they
got promoted right right I think that's
how the new captain's come into being
well that's how that's how new captain's
come into being but I don't know if if
that's the only way to come in okay I
don't know
I guess I'm just gonna sit here on my
Tower and he lapel oh there's a dog I
could jump on kind of want to jump on a
dog kind of want to jump on a dog rich
time passes when you die oh ok thanks
Lauren Saavik time passes when you die
rich so may you know maybe you're right
maybe they only get promoted when uh
when you die so no death row so pretty
pretty much that's what we're looking at
now I need to figure out what i'm doing
right now I'm just fucking around and
there's a guy can interrogate I want to
go interrogate that guy I like
interrogating guys that makes it easier
to kill captains and I hate captain's so
whoa rich letting some air out
I think that was biscuit Jack thought
you can't blame biscuit for another
captain mother fucker well don't die so
much no I didn't die I just in going to
get intel on a captain I ran into
another captain don't you dare retreat
you fucker get it back here ah gotcha
okay good uh is one picked cakes is Jack
doing and no death runs like Donald
Trump doing a no public appearances room
it's just not going to happen that's
true that's just very very true Jack
dies a lot in video games and that's
just a that's a truth that we all need
to be comfortable with
I feel very well but wouldn't you know
what's happened to me right here
probably getting a little too deep
too many bad guys yeah you're fun I
think I am because there's no captains
but there's a lot of bad guys oh why you
have that much problems with the
captain's I'm not that much harder but
you know like it's they're not that much
harder and like one captain not a
problem huh but then you know you get to
like you get to like two captains a
bunch of dudes and then each captain has
their weaknesses and then you know what
we're discovering this time is if you
don't know oh shit I got it just I'm
just gonna get out here this is too many
guys if you don't know what their
weakness is then they're a little hard
to defeat sometimes it's just a pain in
the butt is what it is what happens if
you don't collect the thing the captive
drops them oh you can come back for it
you can yeah even after you die you can
come back for it all right so that's all
I'm gonna do is there a marker where it
is so you don't lose it yeah yeah here
eat some bees
if it could get some please now don't
you motherfucker that's some B's yeah so
that's all maybe I made them all go away
so now I'm going to drop down and pick
it up and run away again okay where was
it going oh yeah i was gonna go like I
get Intel and so on that's right where's
that intel guy there is
it'll be hard to get into them a guy
with everybody fire and shit at me
though do-do-do-do ok area so there's a
dude over shit ah shit too many dudes
finding a new objective to any two hoods
ok what do we want to do here there are
slaves over here that need to be rescued
great oh my god your dad running away
and mostly I'm running away now because
like I've been fighting for so long that
I don't have a ton of health that's like
running away is really just a good
option at this point gonna get a 30 plus
combo jack good I know I know I could
use your tools you should tools but even
a 30-plus combo is not a guaranteed
health it's only like seventy-five
percent 75% a pretty good yeah okay all
right I'm REM away now who actually just
picked up some health and the captain's
right here alright fuck it I'm doing it
nope already low on health get out of
here getting out of here stuck in a rock
stuck in Iraq go go go stuck on another
Rock Tacoma vote you your character gets
stuck on rocks and I fucking hate that
Ronnie okay how you feeling about the
game jack overall I'm liking it uh based
on gameplay alone I'm really liking you
know story setting don't much care for
uh but I don't know that I could deal
with this in long bursts uh yeah this
would get this would get so old old
after like an hour yeah I think I think
I could be with you on that um like
Batman got over that with the very
admissions and of course yeah just being
yeah man but uh but yeah I guess I could
do it that's sick of fighting they want
to stealth you got sick of stealth they
want to search around for the plot yeah
gliding and then there's fighting again
yeah this is kind of fighting and bland
stuff yeah the stealth is definitely
very bland and and like you said there's
not really any varied locations like if
everything is crumbling buildings in
fields yeah and the same enemies the
exact same enemies with different skull
armor
over and over again oh shit oh shit oh
that's fine okay everything's fine rich
everything's fine let's get to the top
of this tower to get my free the slaves
mission going here that's what I want to
try to do free the slaves these slaves
are being punished for collapsing from
exhaustion rescue them from their
tormentors except
yeah people are agreeing with you rich
that it does definitely get repetitive
and you know that's fine this is what it
is it is what it is okay here we go I'm
gonna rescue these slaves and then I
think we're gonna call it seems like a
fair time to call the stream yeah
getting late I've had myself you've had
enough yeah okay and that's fine that's
what we're gonna do we're gonna free the
slaves thank our subscribers and call it
a night see if i could find some more
Pluto pictures you know just normal
saturday night stuff crap why do you
still look like a ghost you look like a
ghost um oh when you're hidden I think I
don't I really don't know
yeah when you're hidden what I'm not
doing a great job being self here but I
guess I don't really have to these guys
suck I was I was hoping to do this
stealthy but it's like a half fuck it
i'm here now because dagger looks odd i
think that's because it's not a dagger i
think it's the sun's broken sword yeah
which might is that the broken sword
from the rest of the movie no I broken
sword that aragorn no no no probably not
it is it is his sons broken sword not a
dagger yeah thank you
okay going back to stealth now failing
its stealth now failing it stealth now
sorry you have to get like 10 stealth
kills no I don't need to get any stuff
kills I just need to free the slaves
okay I was try was doing stealth because
like I wanted to do south but you know
at this point fuck it at this point
we're just killing motherfuckers
do-do-do-do-do stealthy jokes oh you saw
me right away go for the bow and arrow
guy first I do need to remember that
force there is the force push that's
really what it is it's forrest push I
don't use that nearly as often as I
should like I feel I'm Batman you used
your kit you know like your your cape
swing was very situational oh well I use
it all the temp how did you may maybe
that's why I took me so long to get the
combat boom especially the second one
and the other games were leads into the
beatdown I love doing the beatdown yeah
oh yeah and if this similarly has the
this has a ghost beat down when you do
the force bush yeah all right that might
be did I kill just everybody oh good I
was only to worry about Stealth anymore
I killed everybody already do you get
more points for doing stuff I don't know
don't know don't care second be so much
easier just to kill everything so your
computer may be stealth archers I'll
find this
drinks to run other than that Thank You
Ranger sure wait is there bad guy around
here oh there's he's up there ought to
do to do stealth kill still kill doo doo
doo doo doo lap still kill uh oh wait
there's one more guy oh wait there's a
couple more guys here that I'll kill
before we call this an evening just cuz
we gotta kill more guys yeah
nuts that was a cheap stealth kill
you're gonna see that in a second she
passed still kill ya you know what I'm
not going to sell these guys I want to
fight him hello
like I'm sure I think combos get you
more points than then like quick kills
so it's probably important to get up
that combo meter as much as possible
oh yeah and I have that thing we want my
combo reaches a certain amount of time i
get the the insta kill flaming sword
thing which is just the most fun because
that lets you kill people in slow motion
aah black blood ah great okay well that
seems like a pretty good place to end it
yeah ah so let me take a look at the
little subscriber button here and what
did we end off better try to remember
where we left off here you know I use
the new bird I am you oh you know what I
am using the new version i forgot to put
a bookmark in so I'm sorry I want to say
we left off at Zoe vioz so we have Papa
Zulu less than kate april i love you and
nimble 77 thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we really
do I almost forgot Jack I almost forgot
I never know if you forget or if that's
just part of the bit either way I like
it usually it's part of the bit this on
20 but yeah thank you all for coming out
thanks all the new subscribers thank you
know the old subscribers and thanks for
everyone else just for coming out to
watch a little shadow mortar I think I'm
gonna pick this up every once in a while
alright alright it'll look exactly the
same and you'll be doing exactly the
same thing so you know we'll see if
we're gonna
