Aug 16, 2015
Mark of the Ninja
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/13416078
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/13425410
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7Men4B3vUs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6BLh224HXM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/632978539780771840

[Part I]
okay great I fixed it you know it fixes
it all right fresh start fresh start
turning it off and turning it back on
again that's what figures it okay
everybody
hi welcome we're here now it's working
for reals now good job we figured it out
we turn it off and turn it back on again
what's rule number one I'm tech support
rich turn it off and turn it back on
yeah sad is that but sometimes it works
as far as rocket League tonight we're
streaming off of Jack's computer and
Jack has rocket League on his ps4 which
we don't have here right so there will
be no stream of rocket League tonight
though we're probably both going to go
home and play
we've also streams rocket League our
last three streams yeah so we wanted to
give it a little break though we did
hear that there will be some in chat
rocket League you playing and I know
we're just wait for us to get home it'll
take us about 20 minutes half hour to
get home after this yeah well organize a
private room and uh yeah
maybe we could organize our own
tournament mm-hmm
if there's enough of us here who play
rocket League yeah maybe we do like
doubles and do a tournament yep yeah
I'll give out like a room key man and a
password again and yeah we'll organize
it the chat great I think that's a great
idea fucking love rocket League so hard
I'm finding excuses to play it all the
time
there's no excuse not to play it okay
the only excuse not to play it is
because we've streamed it the last three
streams yeah so I couldn't do it again
even though I wanted to now even though
I wanted to play nothing but rocket
I'm playing it right now not shot yeah
they're coming this way
speaking of I have been playing speaking
of rocket League I have been playing a
little more of Gallic Z and for anyone
who is here for that we kind of got a
little bored of that on Sunday a little
we kind of got very bored of that on
Sunday I'd say a lot I'm gonna whop were
that and I have been giving it more of a
chance I've been playing it more and
more and more and I don't think it's a
good game
I haven't made my foot you keep it's
Langan I keep playing it because I want
it to be a good game it's fun and
actually the the floaty space battles
yeah are very fun because you know it's
asteroids it's real kind of Spacey
physics right right and that's fun the
issue is you can pull yourself up with
the floaty controls which is very
purposeful you end up dying a lot and
that your death is not necessarily your
fault I'm gonna compare it to something
like spelunky and you die a lot in
spelunky but every death in spelunky
feels like it was your mistake because
the controls are so tight you know like
every jump is purposeful if they're all
clean purposeful whereas in galaxy
because your ship is so floaty you end
up in spikes you end up running into
alien enemy fire and to me it's fun it's
fun it's a bad game you know what I'm
saying is what I'm saying is the combat
is fun but because it's a roguelike good
that remain and if you die you have to
start over from the very beginning the
combat is not the game is not fun the
combat is fun but you lose a lot of
health
you lose a lot of life each combat and
that makes the overall game not fun if
that means anything that makes any sense
at all so I think I would like this game
a lot more if it wasn't a roguelike Jack
nobody wants to hear any more about that
game galaxy I think it's dead well I'm
just lab rate my thoughts on galaxy a
little more the ink from your tattoo has
home juice do you need the mic closer to
your mouth apparently apparently I need
the mic closer to my mouth what what mic
are you on on this thing here this 1 3 3
I'm turning the volume up on 3 yeah yeah
oh my god 3 is that like one no no no no
it's that 9 no what's that one 3 3 oh
that's at the time oh my god I thought
it was straight that's a ok I mean I've
turned me up a little bit more so now I
should be a little louder
everyone hates that game Jack Galaxy
good well I hopefully everyone has come
to the same conclusion that I did which
is the game is kind of bad let's let's
talk about this fantastic stealth game
market an engine yes mark of the ninja
is a fantastic stuff this darkness and
does the look of this game is just
fucking perfect
like I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna take
this guy out erection I'm gonna sneak by
him I need to take out the light yeah so
I use my my dart yeah and he can't see
well so he goes look at that nobody's
looking at that look at this look at
this sneak up behind him and murder
murder murder there's nowhere to hide it
but I'm dragging the body you can hide
the bodies like oh there's a doorway a
dark alcove you can throw the body in
like a dark
dark alcove here's here's this thing
here this this Japanese thing I'm hiding
behind it I'm hidden behind a thing
because you're hidden mm-hmm it's a
great visual cues I know there's a thing
great visual cues in this game I'm
double checking to see if this is a PC
on the game mark of a ninja
yeah I'm sure that some of the things
actually only PC and Xbox 360 yeah
that's it but available on Mac Windows
and Linux and damn it they saw me they
saw me 360 rich you fucked up well he
turned around with a flashlight
hmm oh shit I fucked up the stove I
fucked up the stealth kill but it's okay
it's okay
did the Spider Man hang and if he walks
under me I'm gonna kill him walk under
me no god damn you I wanted to the
Spider Man kill well fuck you if I'm not
gonna do the spider Michael I'm just
gonna run it behind you and stab you
then fuck you fuck you and die I'm gonna
cut your head off then I'm just gonna
stand that was that was so unprotected
there yeah yeah I feel sorry for you but
I'm gonna suck this guy under this great
cuz that's what I do yeah ninja ninja
kill ninja ninja rap so moving on yep
that's a great idea to the chandelier
double kill congratulations we should
have lunch evidence key play this game
on stream I don't Len does not strike me
as one who plays games no I'm you know
in the in the little interaction I have
with Len before before I met Len and
realize he is a really cool guy what is
really really cool guy before we met him
I had this vision in my mind that it
would be kind of like a Neanderthal okay
I'm completely wrong about that by the
way but I mean you never you never know
that's true you never know lenz
multi-talented guy he might love just
getting games in general or he might be
too adult he's got like you know he's
got a job and a kid and a wife he's got
better things to do meaning it really
does it's true - a whole business it's
true I was I was talking to rich earlier
everyone was talking about that's not
what I wanted to do bookworm adventures
and you know which was saying that you
know bookworm adventures is only a
caring yeah I think Karen needs to play
alpha bear know it sounds stupid has
been playing alpha bear for iOS it might
be an Android as well
it's a letter it's a word hunting game
where the the more letters you can use
in your word the bigger and more
adorable bear you can unlock yeah yeah
invoker of adventures you fucking beat
up monsters I don't want to make a bear
I don't wanna make a cute bear Jack he's
adorable
no I want to murder things I'm an adult
I'm gonna murder things in my my cartoon
spelling game yeah but like sometimes
like if you can clear all words in one
row you make a really tall skinny bear
and it looks so weird
it's adorable you want to make a tall
skinny bear you could make it tall in it
you know what some of the bears wear
hats it's pretty great pair is normally
big and hairy mm-hmm
and you'd know about these things get it
you know what I'm saying
you know what I'm saying I do my kids
don't understand the concept of video
game streaming so they have no thoughts
on the fact that I stream video games
they watch me play video games and enjoy
it we play lots of games together they
were playing a little bit of rocket
League but they just but I had to stop
them from playing it because they
decided it was more fun to try to drive
on the rise in the ceiling Wow it's fine
we were in an online match rich you
could have them play of shit that's fine
oh well that was the thing like they
wanted to play I was like I was sure you
can play now you know as I'm right in
the middle of an online match and I
wants a deal and I was winning and I
gave him the controller but they weren't
even trying the kids you could turn on
the single-player the the bots though
yeah yeah that's what we did later put
it on season mode or something no you
know what I just went to like practice
mode mmm and you know that you've just
got to kick around the ball they loved
it mostly because it's the best game
ever
don't worry about air bag very cozy
master as I oh I guess it's not doesn't
have a door I can't hide the body and
then alcove alright fine
have I ever had a fan come up to me
while I was with my kids yeah once
wasn't it weird huh is that weird it
wasn't weird they took a picture with me
and that was it
we were we were at a beer place we were
at it on though my kids weren't please
just say more yes say more things I'm
digging myself in we were at a beer
garden in the park so you know there's
my ground it was a public park and
someone stopped me and recognized me
wanted to take a picture of me and my
kids literally just did not think
anything of it yeah yeah they just
thought it was normal
okay the kids they don't know no better
it was a lady taking a picture with me
and no they didn't they didn't think
anything of it they didn't think
anything of it I didn't think anything
of it
did they say a fuck about what's up no
that would be inappropriate around
children anyone who knows me should know
better
yeah they aren't when they're teenagers
I think like I think when they start to
become teenagers and when they start
becoming a more internet savvy they will
like find all the weird videos I've made
and oh god you know we'll have to write
it dredit we have these hundreds of
hours of archives of us just talking
about nonsense you know and they can
sift through all of that if they want
but I'm sure it'll be fine oh damn it
wanted to freak him out with that body
but I apparently I threw the body off
the ledge now there's no more bodies to
throw down there you can freak that guy
out and get him to fall off the ledge
which is what I was trying to do it's
great maybe if there's another corpse up
here come accident I don't know if oh
shit I thought that was the door I'm
just thought I was leaning against the
door there's no door I'm just fuckin up
left and right I haven't played this
game in a year I don't know I don't know
if I ever said that Mad Max is the best
movie of 2015 it is rich might have said
that rich do you still think that yes
okay great why would I stop thinking
then I'm trying to think of that if any
better movies came out probably not I
can't think of any so I'm gonna say yes
Mad Max is still the best movie of
Danish yeah I had the most fun watching
Mad Max this year but by far
I'm having such a shit game that's okay
get back into the groove
Optimus No if you meet me in the park is
it okay if you rub my head for luck I
guess I would prefer not but if you as
long as you ask for you know like if you
meet me in the park I'm probably at the
beer garden and so I've been drinking
and so I'll probably say okay just ask
me first you know
negative man I you know I'm trying to
decide whether overall I liked a man he
met ant-man is definitely not better
than Mad Max 100% certain of that I mean
I talked about I talked about ant-man
already where it's just like it's fine
some of it really bothered me it seemed
like half a movie I really enjoyed all
the ant-man II stuff all the action II
stuff but it wasn't there maybe I'll see
it someday maybe I won't I don't I don't
care you know what wait till comes to
Netflix it isn't it's not worth going
out of your way to see but there's some
fun in there there's some fun action I
think trunk in the park with usually my
wife is there as well she can get drunk
too
she can everybody can get drunk I guess
what I'm saying is is I will only drink
around my children if there is a
responsible adult they're not drinking
oh that's nice you know I try to be
I try to be a concern that way and if
it's just me then no I will not
obviously
ant-man's ending alone makes it worth
seeing yeah I mean the final action
sequence was good the action overall was
very was very entertaining just missing
some other parts and I think that
everyone I think that I think it was the
directing I think the director was bad
everyone's acting was not on point for
centuries we have you know their lines
but today I I have never killed a deer
chat oh that's a question they ask have
you ever killed the blanket if sigh I've
killed a mosquito with my bare hands so
I'm a dangerous man on you are to fight
for you kill the bloodsucker is accepted
first you will defend the clan what
would you do Jack if he just happened to
stumble across an angry bear someday
you're not walking yeah
middle of a forest preserve and an angry
bear starts charging you I think the I
think what you're supposed to do is I
think that's myth would you even bother
trying to run away I wouldn't bother
trying to run away because I'm a slow
motherfucker
yeah oh no and you can't outrun a bear
yeah I think I think I would try and
shove my hand down its throat to Chokin
on my arm because that's about the only
thing I could do against a bear I think
you're supposed to play that I think
that's the real thing that's what that's
supposed to work I think that's a myth I
think my only option is to try and choke
the bear death by shoving my fist down
his throat and opening my fist up in the
hopes that it chokes on its own vomit
and my fist you know maybe I'll get some
teeth marks on my arm sure you're gonna
get your arm bitten off can they bite
your boned
can they can they do that don't don't
they like don't they I don't think they
eat the whole bones fish bones those are
weaker I okay so who in the chat here
has been attacked by a bear
I'm fairly certain that anyone I guess
it depends on the cut type of bear right
large pair well you know or like large
bear I don't know like if the rules
applies to say a pillow
we're talking about like a like a
Wisconsin bear I think polar bear just
fucking tomorrow yeah polar bear yeah
because even if you play dead a polar
bear is gonna be back oh free meal bears
can crush skull that's nice to know
yeah look I might lose my arm but the
bear will chose the death on my arm and
I'll get away I'll grow a new one right
yep and then how that works maybe yeah
maybe I could like jump on the backs the
Bears back and then I could tame the
bear and and then it'll be like my bear
that's your plan that's my plan that's a
you know what that's a good plan would
have tamed the bear I'm gonna go ahead
and say that taming the bear is a better
plan than shoving you gotta have a bear
plan Jack my bear plan is to play dead
and I think I think the bear smacks you
around a little bit like like to make
sure that you're dead if a bear thinks
you're dead then it walks away that's
saying I could be a Pokemon master with
that cybernetic arm I would get
afterwards yeah I could really hit that
that button faster that I could just
mash mash mash bear attack what do you
do what do you do a bear attack you're
in the middle of the forest reserve you
walk it along you're not near the road
bear angry bear jumps out at you so you
just accept the fact that you're about
to die you don't have any kind of plan
for fighting back you play you go for
the eyes you go for the nuts you hand
him a napkin do you hand him a napkin
would you like to sit
I think you're supposed to play that
high-tech tripwires but you can wreck
them on this simple hand so you're
really good
no normally like oh you will be playing
for long I'm a bear only attacks because
it feels threat destroyed I believe this
is this to be true and so then if you
lie and if you try to run away bear a
fucking chase you down so you don't want
to do that and so then you just kind of
go under like that's what John and the
bear doesn't perceive you as a threat
anymore
and it might like poke at you have some
bear scratches
your still life that's the case and I
change my answer okay great by day and
that was Jason thoughts on them had it
you've had it folks the OE cammack scene
is saying that Jack you are right about
bears it is what they taught us when I
worked at Yellowstone really this is I
think I think Yellowstone just didn't
want their bears harmed I think they're
just trying to protect their bears they
don't want they don't want somebody
choking their bears with with their arm
now don't listen the truth is you shove
your arm down the Bears throat to try to
choke it's just jack jack is wrong is
wrong yeah yeah I mean you're right I
suppose like the real thing is you need
a little extra reach don't take off your
shoe first the Transformers should be
closed shove your shoe down the Bears
throats guides and then you don't need
to worry about your hand so much right
maybe maybe that's the case
am I gonna force rich to play more
Pokemon and not force him we do still
have the same we do still have the save
and we I am interested to see how far
rich can take it using one and only one
Pokemon the whole way baby no the whole
way like who do you have I don't know
lizard thing you have the Charmander I'm
sure yeah I got it yeah I got the charm
that the Chairman the charm the tumor
chaps
so no matter what you only need one more
Pokemon I survived along but I'm near -
you're trying to avoid detection
Charmander can't learn surf and so you
need at least you know if you're gonna
make it through the entire game
yeah later in the game you have to ride
on your Pokemon you have to and
eventually you'll need a like a water
type Pokemon so you can do that much
Oh for fuck's sake but you don't have to
fight with that boat one you can just
keep fighting with the same remember if
a guard is blocking your way you can try
to distract him
the room is moving really fast sorry if
I if I'm missing people's questions I
really on the move the room is moving
very fast I'm trying to answer all the
questions I can I see about Vera foria
and Tiberius Kirk I see you're talking
about questions I'm not answering I'm
really sorry about that but I am you
know they wanted to the secret of life
and you just want to talk about Pokemon
I just want to talk about the seat maybe
the secret of life is Pokemon rich you
don't know oh my god I could always for
a little bit you tell me subs
I'm reading the chat I'm here I didn't
know if you noticed but rich and I were
doing a funny little back and forth
about what if Bears attack that was a
pretty funny thing we were doing up a
bit they didn't like the bit huh yeah
Jack we were talking about why you guys
are in the studio today mom cuz because
we weren't done Wednesday and we are
today it's nice to be here together to
do these things it is it's it's more
it's it's easier to talk we can play
together I knew you know Jay was handing
me some footage and so I knew he was
here so he might join in it on days that
I can be in the studio
we will be and on days we can't we won't
mad is it that's all of it no more no
less
no I haven't played any good board games
lately I haven't played any board games
recently and it's been really upsetting
we the wife and I had a usual had a
regular board game night once a week for
a while it was really great we were
getting new board games all the time
oh pardon me it was really fun and then
we just got too busy
oh fuck you yeah fuck you too rich so I
haven't played any new board games and
it's very upsetting very setting us
jumping down not knowing there was a guy
down there that's sucked that does suck
yeah JJ's handed me a hard drive full of
space cop footage that I will be doing
that you will never see ever work and
part of that footage is footage that Jay
has cleared me to stream my after
effects work on and the next couple of
weeks I don't have much other work to do
and so I'm gonna be hardcore space cop
affecting that's my super plan
that's my super plan so I'm very excited
about that I hear something
what who oh you know what I wanted to
talk about I'm gonna take this moment to
shit on a game developer can you guys be
with me for a moment while I shit on a
games about with you if you're shitting
on something I'm sure I'm gonna I'm
gonna shit on a game developer right now
I have and I think I've talked about
this before but a while ago I I tried I
got the swindle cuz I heard it was
really great fun roguelite if that's
what we're calling them now platformer
thingy this window looked like a really
fun game it's you have to get the whole
point of the game is breaking into
houses and stealing money breaking into
places and stealing money and you're
trying to break it you're trying to gain
enough money to off it's not the cops
doesn't so here is what happened
it was the swindle was it it was the
swindle a swindle the swindle is a
swindle on PlayStation 4 and Vita
because right now there is a game
breaking bug in it where randomly for no
reason my character teleports across the
map and on several occasions this
teleporting has killed me and it's very
upsetting because it's a glitch in the
game I don't have like a teleporter or
scalling
item I my character it just goes without
me controlling it and so I got I went to
the Developer Forum with size 5 games
and they have a game for my gripe and
they got back to me they said oh hey
we've heard of this bug but we didn't
make the PlayStation version
I need it again sorry you drive to live
you drive to fight my game and so it's a
nice five teams was all it was right up
on it they replied to my my post the
same day but but unfortunately they
didn't make the PlayStation port curve
digital did I think oh you know tweet ad
curve digital tell them about the
bargain
see what they can do right I tweet at
curve digital I even tweeted I got video
of this bug happening on my Vita so you
know they could get a better
understanding of my problem and they
never got back to and that was really
upsetting and so then I emailed
and after I emailed them you know again
I laid out the bug that was happening
and it was happening to me often it was
happening to me one out of every 10 or
12 levels and this would often end up in
a death for me when you're playing her
and when you're playing a roguelike
a death is obviously a bad thing in any
game and so I emailed them and they did
not respond to me so then I emailed them
again you know I waited a few days after
each message yeah
and in both email and I was I emailed
them a third time out there at a
different email at support that curved
digital and in both of the emails I made
sure to say like please any sort of
response from you would really be
appreciated I just want to know if
you're working on this or or if this bug
is just gonna be here forever I need to
know this right and no one no one has
gotten back to me you've been swindled I
have been spent oh so I would like to
take a little moment and shit on curved
digital not necessary all fuck oh fuck
indeed no I didn't pull my journalist
card one because I'm not a journalist
like I never mentioned that I was you
know I never mentioned that like I
stream games or have a game review show
because that would be that would be
important I'm just a customer I wasn't
planning on doing this one bill for
reviews I was hoping to stream it
because it looks like a game that would
be really fun
oh god I'm doing so terrible you are
doing
all right keep getting caught which is a
self game that's something you don't
want to do so in any case the my big
issue here like no one there's there's a
bug that's breaking the game for me and
that's a problem but - the bigger
problem is the lack of any sort of
response from them and as I've talked
about before that is my biggest pet
peeve especially now in the digital era
we're in an age where it's so easy to
communicate with everybody and and no
response and I've asked for a response
and just sum it something as in you know
we know the bug we're working on it
something oh I'm alive congratulations
right no I mean them them you know your
you know your existing I acknowledge
that you've sent me an email that would
be enough to calm me down well as
Richard we're just fuckin up yes that
was awful and Krieger that's basically
that's what's gonna happen is what's
what's gonna happen next if they don't
fix the bug soon is I'm going to try to
get a refund for the game and buy it on
PC I was hoping I really wanted this on
my Vita this is a perfect Vita game it's
a perfect pickup for 10 minute game
while I'm doing other shit I love as
I've mentioned before I love my mobile
games and and and and their lack of
response is the most upsetting thing
and twitchplayspokemon you're making a
good point there's no response because
of how easy it is to communicate the
volume can grow so high because of how
little effort it takes that's true but I
I still think a company needs to take
the time to respond to people do they
even even if it's something dumb I mean
if it's something worth a response
obviously engaging what's worth a
response is obviously difficult but I
I've emailed them through three separate
channels are you know two different
emails and one tweet at to them so I've
three different ways of communicating
with them and not a one hasn't received
a response
yeah I guess that's true that's true
Tiberius character saying you just
explained how you could play the
journalist card you our viewer who
streams games and that's journalistic
coverage and I'm unable to stream their
game because of the bug I could play
that but like that's not a card that I
don't think that's not a card that I
don't think you should necessarily play
and one that shouldn't need to be played
because I'm just I'm a customer right
now I'm a customer and I bought your
thing and your thing is broken
mmm well if you need to be a journalist
to get a response for a major bug yeah
that's that's bad that's bad in the
first plane you know yeah that's bad the
prefers in the first place so I will you
know what I will send them a roughly
worded telegram optimized here let me
get their telegram address oh I'm gonna
you know dear curved digital stop game
breaking PlayStation bug stop teleport
all over the place
stop
poor Jack while you're so concerned with
your customer complaint issues your
entire life is slipping away it's true
every day every day your life slips away
a little bit it's true but you know I
believe Jenny genuinely in the power and
the power of of customers of capitalism
and I try to take I try to take time out
of out of my day to respond to people
who communicate with me you know if they
tweet at me if they send us a YouTube
message if they send me an email
whatever I try to take that time to
respond people because that's a here
it's important and it could just be that
it's important to me in any case that's
all I need to say I need to get that off
my chest it's been really bad
that until I can play the game
this is the worst I have ever played
Jack is a filthy capitalist I am
I love capitalism I think it works great
with obviously with some sort of
oversight okay we've seen capitalism
without oversight before and it just
doesn't work
capitalism with restrictions
yeah that could be true Tiberius like I
if I if I like I just don't wanna I
don't want to play the journalist card
because I think it would come across
like at this point it would come across
like like I do you know who I am and I
don't think I'm anybody you know I'd be
like Do You Know Who I am and they'd be
like no I don't know alright and I would
say yeah that's your you're right you
probably shouldn't know I am and so I
don't think I have a car there to play
more so it's Do You Know Who I am I'm
your customer and I'm upset and I just
want that you are motherfucking jack
packer that's right
that's right you know the fucking have
you seen my playthrough of marlow briggs
huh you know you know fuck you Marlo
Briggs
that's right I made the peepee poo-poo
video you respond to my emails
why am I so bad Jack what happened to me
my name is Dave have you heard a fuck
about 5,000 yeah
yeah that's me right that's why I don't
want to play that card I'm just gonna
kill everybody now fucking subtle these
out the window get back into the groove
rich you can do it I believe in you you
can do it I've done ghosting
playthroughs yeah don't get detectives
don't kill anybody you don't get
detected that's all right
this is just a it we have not spent a
lot of time talking about mark of the
ninja but it is a fantastic game and
and I'm just murdering everybody I feel
bad about it and I mean rich is not but
but here's the great thing about the
game is there are different ways to play
it's depending on the type of player ya
that you are there's you can you can you
can really try and beat everybody up and
yeah not wouldn't be an easy thing to do
for me it wouldn't be a satisfying thing
to do
sure but if you're the type of person
that likes hacking and slashing you can
see you still hide that you can still be
a ninja but just murder fucking
everybody or if you're the type of
player who only wants to do stealth you
can do that and I think that's a
beautiful thing about this game is it
rewards individuality or it's it's open
to individuality as gamers that's that's
quality design oh shit MLG Pro that's
good big neutral
dick nature says he's he's he's seen
this game before but it didn't look like
his type of thing until he's watching it
now
it's so fun it's so fun and satisfying
yes everything especially when you're
good at it well you know good is a
relative term
black ninja are black in the shadows Oh
bad news and she says I thought Jack was
the only one who was bad at games that's
a fair point
oh shit nothing about the button I
wanted him wanted to do this that's it
if we get our hands on the tracking
device it'll date to college on it was
bad kill me
Hey look at this what about Scouts left
behind some equipment oh yeah oh yeah
they make a lot of noise we do a bad
killin takes longer I like that it is a
nice touch
no there's no map to the game but map
it's pretty easy to navigate around the
level oh and this one get lost no no no
think think like Super Metroid there
might be multiple ways to get to an area
but usually you just got to go right
usually yeah yeah it's relatively
straightforward
just Halligan optimist Noah says so
rocket League has a stealth ninja mode
now
oh that's right I need Thee no this is
not right
I need the smoke we've been playing
rocket lately
what kind of drugs do I take caffeine
and alcohol
mostly caffeine most of my life is
caffeine caffeine
there he said it to the tracking device
if we follow him he'll lead us straight
to it
oh that's what it is thank you to crush
your enemies definitely driven before
you do the lamentation of the women you
do such a good arm you do good
impressions I did you do yeah yeah thank
you rich I wish I could do good
impressions what really helps is making
funny faces are you just doing a mouse
oh you saved me long ago
uh-huh I think I used to be better at
impressions my impressions break down
after a little while you know it all
turns into Bill Cosby it'll cost me huh
well you know that's I can't even I
don't even know if I could do a Bill
Cosby anymore everybody used to be able
to do a Bill Cosby but now no one even
likes thinking about him like just now
like in my head I was like trying to
listen to Bill Cosby but it's like oh
that's right he's a rapist she's all
rapists
I guess I don't want to see enemies
before you lamentation of the MIDI
driven before you
alleged rapist you're right sorry
alleged rapist allegedly everything's
alike 50 times yep
Tiberius Kirk asks a very important
question is it better to be a racist or
a rapist
neither don't don't do either how about
that
we need more text adventure strip well
oh you know it'll be fun for voices is
tomorrow tomorrow a game comes out
called finger have you heard of this
right now
our good friend friend of the stream
James it'd the guy who made the videos
for binding of issac and super meatboy
has teamed up with the creator of
binding of issac and Super Meat Boy to
make this game called fingered oh my god
it's very exciting to me it's very
exciting
only to me because I've been following
the the production of this for a little
bit and it's it's a game where you need
to identify the criminal by like talking
to people and so I think it's like a
little bit of a text adventure game and
you have to like you know use hearsay
and testimo witness testimonial to
finger the bad guy okay and we're
obviously playing it on stream as soon
as it comes out obviously and I believe
it will be ripe for impressions and
voiceovers
so I'm very very excited to play finger
comes out tomorrow like it comes out
tomorrow and I think it's like under two
bucks fingered is that the Bill Cosby
game the Bill Cosby game is called it's
called high data in her drink
it's the stealth games a stealth game it
has some RPG elements where you need to
collect certain either no no real
strength news we did get our oh I forget
and I forgot to bring them we got our
official strafe stickers and strafe pose
alone so we have some really awesome
looking stickers and posters and oh my
turn is green you're right that's better
it's called Jeb it it's called jello
shooter that's the Kasbah game I get it
I get it you get it it's a fun game
that's a funny name my turds are green
jello shooter
no I can't I can't even cuz I can't
listen to Bill Cosby's voice in my head
and so I can't do an impression because
that man is an alleged rapist
captain tipic this is gonna be a great
peel casbah game so there's there's
another element
there's the RPG element of the Bill
Cosby game is you also have to manage
your reputation so you can discredit
your victims oh snap that's exactly what
the game would be so it's part stealth
part RPG and obviously if you take too
much time building up your reputation
you won't have time in the level left to
rape women so you know it's a balancing
act great balance of that well we could
you know cuz if you're gonna be bill
copyright but if you spend too much time
raping women you won't have the
reputation to get away with it it's my
horrible person for thinking this would
be a really funny game well it'd be
funny I guess it would only it would
only be funny if you know Bill Cosby
actually had any sort of repercussions
for what he did right now it's just sad
Jackie realized Japan's already made
this game I would believe it no sad but
probably true yeah no I think it's it's
one of those things where some some
ninja don't know rung rung wrong weapon
what I want there we go
where you know the the comedy the Kitab
viously I'm trading a fine line here but
the comedy here is that allegedly Bill
Cosby is a horrible dickhead and so
bringing bringing to lights how horrible
of a person allegedly he is he almost
certainly allegedly is you know you
don't we the court a court of law
right that's the real thing yeah his
career was done before this like the
this didn't ruin his career he was done
you know he wasn't doing much before
this I don't think
why is murder simulation okay but rape
simulation creepy maybe I'll just take a
look in the mirror I don't know
something wrong with you if you have to
ask that question maybe you're kind of a
sicko interesting question I supposed to
to wrong things they're very different
wrong things as I think is I think the
point oh my god I did yes so let's say
let's change let's change topics that's
a great idea I both finished sense eight
and started and finished what hot
American summer first date you know so
sense eight is great it's phenomenal
it's a little I'm done I've died because
I'm now terrible at this game well
congratulations
i I think sense eight is wonderful and I
think it's some of the best filmmaking
I've seen on television I do think it's
a little what I wanted I think it's a
little schmaltzy that makes any sense
almost almost to the point of being
campy but it's not quite Campea but I
still think it's terrific I heard
they're picky they got picked up for a
second season and I'm really excited to
see the second season I thought I
thought it was fantastic really really
fantastic stuff presented by the
Wachowskis if you like the Wachowskis
which I do what had Americans have a
first day of camera something very
important is everybody needs to see a
good fish is it yeah I have an I have a
question about how awful of a person I'm
very I mean I know I'm an awful person
here's here's why is I find Michael
Showalter to be distracting in what had
Americans on her first day of campus
because of the seemingly ridiculous
amount of weight constant and I
understand people when people get older
they gain weight it happens but in the
movie Michael Showalter is is a rail
he is a Boompa yep tall and skinny and
in the movie he's he's a giant he has
gained a lot of weight he's gained a
noticeable not weighed over 100 pounds
and I I find myself like not laughing at
like you know it's so distracting
because then of course he's playing the
same character and I know it's been 15
years yeah he looks so different than
what he used to look like that in itself
is so distracting where I don't even
find his jokes to be as funny I don't
find the character he's playing to be
funny anymore because of how much I'm
sorry yeah I can't complain about I
really don't have the room I literally
don't have the room I thought it was
very funny I thought and this is me
speaking as a super fan of I actually
watched the movie after I watch the show
and and the movie is so fantastic ago
but I thought as a fan there were too
many inside jokes what what had American
someone's yeah I've seen I've seen the
movie once
i I'm not I'm not an expert I'm not I'm
not the person to critique the show and
I haven't even seen the show yet so you
should see very funny there's there's at
least one laugh out loud funny moment in
every episode yeah which to me makes it
worth it mm-hmm but every episode is
chocked full of jokes and references to
the movie which I get it is like the
joke in and of itself but it's almost
it's under heavy guard distracting
should should they should you should
they have made a Netflix movie instead
the blaze will draw every guard in the
complex should they have just made
another movie maybe you remember this I
mean I'm glad for anymore what hot
American yeah summer the contents of
anything I'm super excited about it it
could have been a pretty funny movie I
guess
haven't I learned that my opinions are
wrong yeah yeah they're my opinions my
masaf Allah says Jack didn't you find
sense8 to be a ton of telling and not
showing that's one of my major Gregg's
with the white Chomsky's I think there
was a fair amount of both another
equipment cache I thought you know there
there was some voiceover there was a lot
of like people giving dialogue-driven
exposition to each other you know cuz
it's a lot of strangers meeting each
other I thought there was a little bit
of that and I think that's why I call it
a little schmaltzy like a little cheesy
but I thought that the visual
storytelling was just as drinking
specifically like in that first episode
where you would see these characters
like all of a sudden transport to
different locations and we're meeting
all you know at that point I suppose
we're meeting like like all seven or
eight characters in one go and it's very
overwhelming you know just like the
sheer amount of locations and characters
and and the camera is jumping all over
the place and as a viewer you feel very
overwhelmed just as each of these
characters is feeling overwhelmed by
their newfound abilities I thought there
was a ton of storytelling and character
development showing but there was a
little telling and I think that's why I
call it up see still think it's amazing
amazing filmmaking the show I can't make
any comments about I haven't seen it I'm
sorry I really recommended them if
you're okay if you're okay with a little
bit of cheese which I am
it's uh Sepphoris Kane says I just
googled Michael Showalter 2015 and what
the hell he's not even fat he's like
average one no he's fat - look look at
pictures of him in the what had an
American summer movie he is as skinny as
a rail it's distracting it's been it's
very distracting and you know I'm not
this is not me I'm not I don't want to
be one two to fat shame as I've been
there before
you've done it you've done it like fat
shaming no I because I've been there
before and I know that that doesn't
necessarily help but the weight he
gained is very distracting big only
because he's playing the same character
and he was skinny as a rail maybe you're
distracting me why are you laughing at
that it's not even funny wait till I
tell a funny joke then laughs you know
this is the way these things are
supposed to work rich I thought it was
funny because of how dumb it was okay
you're you're distracting that's funny I
like to live
rich I like to laugh don't laugh shame
me rich laugh all the time
Jack fat James because he was hair
ashamed that's true
I forget what I'm supposed to do to get
out of here no okay do I just have to
get in there
made just for tat I agree my reflective
head is distracting invested the worst
videos we've we've been looking into
makeup to make it less shiny I agree
about that but Jack when Santa Claus
needs help on Christmas yeah you'll be
the guy I'll be the guy just shutting it
right off my head yeah great yeah great
you will save Christmas and they'll make
a song yeah yeah that's true
we've got pipes vents so in any case I
thought it was funny every episode had a
terribly funny moment and especially if
you're into that sort of absurdist
comedy it it's very it's very warm and
inviting and if you are a fan of the
movie like I am the show is just it's a
warm hug it's a big hug from David Wain
have you considered a Trump wig but me
yeah no no no funny you know I I there
was one time where I was really
considering buying like Rogen you know
like giving you know I still had a
decent amount of hair but I knew it was
going right and I was like maybe I
should you know I talked to my wife
about it a little bit and she was just
you know very supportive whatever you
need to do maybe I should look into
minoxidil or Rogaine or you know some
sort of hair some sort of game some sort
of some sort of game because it's going
and I know it's going and then I started
looking at how expensive it is how
expensive is real game very how well
does it work there's no solid metric for
some people it works like gangbusters
and for some people it doesn't work at
all
and I want to say like Rogaine is
something like 200 bucks like for a
month
or
which is way way too expensive for
vanity purposes and so instead of
spending money I decided to grow
comfortable with my balding is there a
thing I'm missing there's got to be a
thing on this
baldness suits me now now that now that
I've shaved now that I've gone fully
shaved I've become more confident in how
I look and so I think it works for me
now no and you KGB ate my bread you
can't get hair plugs either because
eventually you'll still bald and then
you'll just need more and more hair
plugs that's that's a losing battle
their general interest there what
something's got to move that elevator oh
yeah and you're right I'm now hair
shaming sorry everyone with hair you
know what everyone should be ashamed
because you're all horrible fat slut
whatever whatever kind of shaming you're
awful all right Ritz are you shame
shaming I am shamed shaming yes what
people need to be ashamed of themselves
you think yeah you're right all those
people who are shaming the shamers are
doing a disservice those shamers are
trying to help people
shame exists for a reason goddamnit
oh I gotta hit the button oh fuck
way to go by day
your distraction all right I now have
back the hard drive full of space got
media space got media space got media
but this is a presentation of space got
media welcome to your in-flight movie
provided by space cop media now if you
Terminator Robocop Robocop - Robocop
sorry it's just all a cop movie don't
look up for got five and Robocop six
Robocop is opening Robocop and a half
but Robocop gets a sassy new partner
who's like bland and black for some
reason ya know like like black metal I
mean like black metal yeah yeah and he
doesn't have anywhere near as
interesting the story yep yeah he's more
Robo is and he's like directed without
any kind of sense of style
I just got bland actually wouldn't that
be awesome
if like the new Robocop movie was old
Robocop has to work with new robot
Robocop here's your new partner Robocop
new Robocop is doing all sorts of flips
and shit and rolls where what happens
like you're a fucking robot you just
need to shoot them what are you doing
jumping around you're a Robocop
cuz Robocop would totally beat Robocop
in a fight old Robocop would beat new
Robocop Robocop would beat Robocop in a
fight you know I think Robocop has some
strength oh yeah III guess I guess he's
pretty strong it would be pretty strong
but so is Robocop it would be a good
battle because Robocop has the power but
Robocop has the speed Robocop's
targeting is so good he doesn't need the
speed he's got the speed on the trigger
which is where it counts all the
attention went to that arm motion that
robotic precision yeah but he did that
he did that fucking angle trajectory
thing with the wall to hit that one guy
from behind with the hostage yeah but oh
but that's wait are we talking about
Robocop are we talking about Robocop
before or after he remembered he was
Robocop I that was after that wasn't a
simple the bouncing off the wall yeah
doesn't rubble cup - yeah they might
learn it both yeah I only did some fancy
thing with it and - okay Robocop was
fast but he can't outrun a bullet
yeah but Robocop's bullet pronounced
well he knows where to hit that
Robocop's got that turban a he can hit
the weak spots his diggin diggin yeah he
can he can nail that job that's the only
that's the only place nobody thinks to
shoot this is jaw
we're gonna say Robocop a couple more
times that's the joke everybody I know
you know you're getting it
they're like jerks they don't get on
watches for jokes then watches for
insightful commentary about current
events you're right that's exactly why
they watch it that's exactly why they
watch us is that true is-is-is Robocop's
job just a skin graft rep I can imagine
that grafted I would a robotic head it
would make sense
I thought is I thought he was some man
in there I thought he was a brain brain
and and the important thing is brain cuz
they wanted the experience right and now
he's got some digestive system I think
mostly just to feed the brain sure sure
I could see I could see the face just
being a cosmetic PR thing oh yeah yeah
you need to have a human face alright
alright you've convinced me but I
actually I mean when i was young i
always did kind of figure that the jaw
was there's metal under there
there's just skin that's that was why i
assumed and I'll tell you right or wrong
I have never ever thought about it I've
never delved deeper into the lore of
rowboat how could you not spend a lot of
times child thinking about Robocop I
don't get it that doesn't make any sense
you know because it's Robocop
yeah and you never have to that's the
great thing about Robocop is you don't
need to think about that he's a fucking
Robocop this is this point that's point
people shoot him in his Robocop chest
and he's made of metal so it doesn't
work fuck I'm just going
apparently they actually say in Robocop
three let's shoot him in the mouth does
it work yeah that's nice the question
doesn't work
Robocop vs. Godzilla oh I want that

[Part II]
boom The Price is Right
maybe if Robocop can hit Godzilla right
in the eye like a thousand times well
that's the real thing as Godzilla can't
die Godzilla has regenerative properties
because of the radiation
regenerative regenerative regenerative
he has regenerative properties he's made
of dicks so so it always hurts when he's
shot but he's constantly growing the
deck is made of dick dicks you ever
ashamed to be you like all the time once
you get past the shame though really
there's just more shame and alcohol but
you know I have good
it's a very sloppy performance in my
partner my sloppy marker than in Japan's
I'm gonna blame my not playing this game
lucky you you're what not having played
this game in like a Europe oh yeah yeah
you know you know what you're missing
you're missing that muscle memory you
Shh
get into the groove timing was off fuck
that up too fucking everything up
I'm just a big fucking
what about Robo chick she would lose to
everybody who lose everybody wrong she
could barely she could barely speak in
water
Robocop could speak and walk at the same
time hmm he did so often
damnit yeah well I got one but not the
other
you did it I'm so proud of you
because it did it I got nothing neither
I got none either chatting we need you
we need you chat I've wasted all my
pre-prepared material and now we're
going on and on about Robocop which I
guess it's fine
Robocop still a quality quality movie
you know shit to talk about running up
steam on this game we're playing on
Steam
I could I could talk I was not here for
the stream last Sunday because I went up
north I went way up to the northern part
of Wisconsin hmm
it was glorious I really enjoy road
trips why I don't know the time driving
don't like driving no like driving not
not not for a road trip driving yeah
yeah that's no no I like driving I like
seeing the countryside I like putting on
the cruise control listening to music it
was great it was great I really I like I
love road trips there was one time
something I don't much care for is um
roller cola yeah and or like carnival
rides because I have a really weak
stomach and so like I just get sick
right but there's like a big roller
coaster Park in Ohio
and the wife loves roller coasters and
her family loves roller coasters and
they wanted to go to this like big
roller coaster park in Ohio and you know
like it has its own hotel attached to it
so you could go there and they're like
let's go and I said well I'll go with
you but I just want to drive so you guys
go I'll just you know I'll stay in the
hotel and work and you guys come on all
the roller coasters I just like road
trips that's how much our groceries
drove them to a high anything so I go up
to the northern part responsible for
anyone interested very small town in
northern Wisconsin and while we're up
there we go shoot which is something I
often do and enjoy and we're at this gun
range and it's like an outdoor gun range
and it's very weird it's very strange
rules at this gun range in indoor gun
ranges you put your your target on a
little slider then you know you put
everyone who's seen a please show yeah
see now you put it on the on the clip
ease and you press a button and it
glides it out so you can do your
distance right this is a free outdoor
gun range and so there's just posts in
the ground and before you can put your
target up everyone else they're like you
need to like signal to everyone and go
hey I'm going out there nobody shooting
me and everybody and everybody puts
their hands up and goes yep yeah we hear
you we're not gonna shoot you you know
why I can't handle a gun because I'd be
the person to accidentally shoot you're
like wow oh no oh you're my moving
target no I would I would just hear you
and I would turn towards you and I just
have the gun on my hand
what are we holding it off I would just
be holding it straight out I've just
turned you just say wow and I would
accidentally shoot the gun and you would
die you I you're over-exaggerating it
once once you have a loaded gun in your
hand you become very aware of the things
around you but in any case it was it was
a fun gun range and we're there and
we're shooting and everything's fun
because shooting guns this one there's
shooting guns responsible can't be fun
but they're up in Rhinelander there was
a group at the shooting range of like
maybe 8 to 10 preteen girls that looked
like they were fresh off of a bust of
cheerleader camp yeah I'll stay here and
make sure no one comes back and it was
very strange white only because like
they didn't look like people who would
they didn't look like people who would
be at a shooting range and they were
shooting a giant rifle like it did not
look like a hunting rifle it looked like
a war weapon you know and they were all
they were they were dressed in like like
athletic wear you know like they looked
like cheerleaders captain in pick we've
talked about this before I support
responsible gun ownership but I do not
support the NRA they are nothing but a
terrible lobbyist organization fuck
about your right to bear arms they just
they're they are a lobbying propaganda
when the NRA can suck it that's coming
from someone who believes in responsible
gun ownership in any case it was just
I'm not saying that it was like wrong or
anything it was just the juxtaposition
of you know like seemingly cool preteen
girls shooting rifles at a gun range was
strange it was comical to me you you are
a fairly liberal person and I'm kind of
shocked to see you taking the stance
just because I'm open-minded doesn't
mean that you're not prejudiced and
bigoted it's not prejudice we we all
make we all make assumptions about the
things around us and it could just be an
an up North thing where that's something
you do when you're up north but jack is
afraid to let girls haven't gone I'm not
afraid he's worried he's worried about
the uprising
that's that's what he talks about in the
meetings who told you about the meeting
incidentally Chet I am just kind of
digging around a bit right now I'm the
guy I'm not I'm not taking this super
serious at this moment trying to jump
over this guy without alerting him oh
yeah it's not never gonna happen
you can do it oh look at that time that
perfectly I did nice now is a fun time
it was a it was actually my wife's very
first time shooting a gun and she did
very well she even hit the target after
after a few tries I'm gonna say after
after about 30 rounds she finally hit
the target and she was really excited
about that most of it she was hitting
the ground and then she would
overcompensate and hit you know like way
above the target and I I recommend it
for everyone I think everyone needs to
shoot a gun once in their life
it's an important thing to to understand
the the powers like a gun as a weapon
you know yes a gun is a gun yes deadly
weapon and I think not a lot of people
like people who are on like all sides of
the gun control debate or whatnot I
think most of these people have never
touched a gun and I think it's really
important
my preferred stance
I know people recommend the parallel you
know like with the peril or the
perpendicular stance whatever you're
shooting you should have your feet
planted and side by side kind of like
shoulder-width apart that's the
preferred stance but I always like to
put mine a little off-kilter you know to
give my back foot a little more weight
and I feel like that bird reduces the
distraction so I don't know that's just
me though I'm probably not doing it
correctly how far away were the targets
on the shooting range they had like they
had these posts and so one post was at
10 yards one post was at 25 yards and
one post was at 50 yards and we were
shooting at the 25 yard post only
because that was the only spot that was
open oh yeah the post I got the post to
post so we were we were shooting at 25
yards with handguns and you know doing
fairly well being fairly accurate oh one
of the secret worlds
thank you humble stranger a great quote
from Jack a gun is a weapon
well sudden you gotta know about a gun a
god is a weapon yeah yeah here's the
strange thing about guns they shoot
things most people didn't know that yeah
yeah it's really weird it's really weird
the shoot projectiles after you pull the
trigger the question for Jack are there
any Second Amendment groups you do
support you know I think a lot of them
are extreme I don't even know that you
even have to ban guns I think if you
have to have a license to drive a car
yeah yeah I think it's reasonable to
expect somebody to have to get a license
to use a gun I think that's entirely
acceptable yeah and you do need to take
courses in order to conceal carry a
weapon in Wisconsin we have concealed
carry laws and you do need to take
courses and get a license for that but
then by the way after you get that
license you never have to check in again
whereas if you drive a car every once in
a while you need your license renewed
make sure you're up to snuff I'm driving
a car need to take your car in for
regular emissions test to make sure that
your car is still functioning all of
these things by the way should be normal
I think for a car which wasn't even
designed to kill people right and so and
so no you don't need a license just to
own a gun you could walk into a gun
store after you weight an appropriate
amount of time you can just buy a gun
but I think it's perfectly reasonable to
like have people check your gun status
to make sure you are caring for your
weapon correctly I think that's a 100
percent reasonable but people like to
take these extreme stances you know
don't take away my guns
get away my guns my dawn is my life my
gun is my life Second Amendment except
for that part about real well-regulated
militia that doesn't count
that doesn't count when they militia
aside when when they wrote the Second
Amendment yeah like like assault rifles
were we're not in their mind at all they
weren't thinking about assault rifles
that wasn't even conceived they had
muskets they had it took you out like
two minutes to reload try and try and do
a killing spree with a musket see how
far you get you might wound a person no
but but here's the most important part
of the Second Amendment here is the
incredible for sight they had as part of
a well-regulated militia and in the
military or say on a police force you
know what they have to do every once in
a while get their weapons inspected to
make sure that they're caring for them
properly but we don't have that anymore
you know I I want to say it was in the
70s or something the Supreme Court said
well right well-regulated militia that
could just be one person I forget when
that court ruling happened but that has
been brought up before but but so this
is the thing if we had regular say like
you own a gun right people like do you
think of course how to handle the gun on
how to respect the weapon you regularly
have to bring the gun in you don't not
even to a government place to it like a
gun store and so the guns start can be
like oh yes yeah I see that you are
maintaining your weapon correctly that's
really great these are all normal things
not unreasonable and like I said I even
though I am a pretty liberal person I
ice q.o
i skew more Gunny than most
you're very Gunny I'm very you know I'm
kind of Gunny am I am slightly Gunny I
think a lot of that has to do with just
growing up around them and you know
understanding their okay yeah you're
right we've been talking about guns too
much
why well someone just is bringing up a
different topic oh no it's not we're not
interesting enough for you we here are
we here to entertain you is that is that
what we're here for on this this
streaming channel on the streaming
entertainment channel we're just here to
to tell you what's up I know I think do
I amuse you
I think I think people can understand
our gun stands here you know someone is
saying Jay s it says jack how important
would you say a balanced breakfast is
for productive and work heavy day you
need a good breakfast you got energy to
use that gun think cuz here's the thing
shooting cleaning and oiling your gun
take some time yeah like you know going
to the range shooting and then
disassembling and properly cleaning and
oiling your weapon that's at least don't
don't eat breakfast while you're
cleaning your gun cuz you just gonna get
like the wrong kind of oils all over
your gun and grease so this is the thing
that's it like it Lisa to our commitment
you need a good breakfast beforehand
yeah
I know people who aren't breakfast
people like who do I'm I'm not you're
not a breakfast person that blows my
mind right breakfast I love breakfast
literally is the most important least
least enjoyable meal of the day that's
include that's insane to me people are
people are different people I love
breakfast and I think breakfast is
terribly important oh this is
problematic yes I do carry a pocket
knife with me everywhere I go
not just that I carry a multi-tool
everywhere I go that's not gonna work
have a I have a Leatherman wingman
that's what it's called and it's a very
small pocket friendly multi-tool it has
a knife a wrench some not a wrench
pliers and some simple tools in it and
yes I carry it I carry it with me
everywhere I go because I I carry
several things with me everywhere I go
because I'm I'm a little anal like that
I carry a pen with me everywhere I go I
carry a notebook with me everywhere I go
because I often feel like I have to
write things down because as we've
talked about many times before I don't
have a good memory so so I write things
down obviously I don't carry my knife in
the airport that would be silly because
it would get taken away from me
but but yes I have a knife with me
everywhere about any of my cars I'm a
little I'm a little I might be a little
paranoid because in both my car and my
wife's car I have a a first responders
knife in there which is a it's a large
knife with an integrated seatbelt cutter
and window Smasher and so if you ever
get into an accident sometimes your
seatbelt can't come undone because like
the buckle gets damaged and so the knife
I have in my cars has a special seatbelt
cutter it's a special tool just for
cutting your seatbelt off and a sharp
blunt sharp blunt like a pokey edge
right that doesn't make any sense but
thank you missing the point what I've
what blunt
for it's for smashing open oh oh I
accidentally killed him with a missile
launcher and then I got killed by the
missile launcher wait you have a missile
launcher no there's one in there that
got activated and instead of hitting me
it hit the guy with the shield which I
was very happy about sure
but then if it you better hit me thank
you
Lucy's Corbin he says he doesn't think
it's being paranoid about being cautious
I I think it's important a knife a knife
is an important tool I think to have
with you everywhere you go you never
know when you need to cut something or
someone open you know terrible terrible
that's just just terrible it's the
quality of material we had to give these
people they want you know this some of
them gave us five dollars this is what
we have to talk about today with knives
and guns this is the knives and guns
chat we're playing a ninja game talk
about nice rich do you carry a knife
with you no have you ever carried a no
no no never felt the need never have
needed it so I don't think I'm missing
anything yeah yeah all right I use my
Leatherman all the time get a box cut it
open
going it got it open he got it open Oh
Krieg here 783 he says I figure we got
about 350 worth here by the end of the
stream we're gonna get that full $5
worth I really think we can do it I
really really think we can do it
Oh what do you guys think of the female
Ghostbusters visiting those sick kids
and taking photos that's very nice of
them I thought it's kind of tacky
because the kids obviously had no idea
who they were yeah doesn't matter it's a
PR stunt that happens it is a PR stunt
but anything anything they're intense
sick kids I can't completely shit all
over it like I don't think those kids
would have cared if they were like four
female non-celebrities dressed up like
ghostbusters they would have just liked
someone to come and visit them it's a
movie that doesn't need to be made we
all know this yeah
don't cares how what they do to
publicize it all women cast gimmick or
not it's not a movie that should be
remade it's like Robocop yeah but that's
something that celebrities do they visit
sick kids that it who cares if it's the
female cast of ghostbusters
they would do that I'm sure for other
movies it doesn't matter who cares if
the kids knew who they were or not those
kids were prime just happy someone came
with did any of the kids say you're not
ghostbusters no I'm sure the kids said
thank you for coming to visit me it gets
a little boring in here sometimes
nobody's visited me in years those those
kids they just sit there all day let
them go oh look some care someone took
my picture her a fucking man leave those
kids alone
yeah yeah fairly John Cena does like a
ridiculous amount of those the wrestler
yep like he will just go to every kid
who asked me I think that's great I
think that's great oh it's starting off
in here that's nice apparently I need a
corpse less you need a corpse yeah don't
like anything where I can't get by
undetected
it's not right that's not how this game
should work red letter media is not
gonna remake space cup in 30 years in 30
years we'll finally be done with the
sequel the space cop hey how much money
for a secret huh how much money first
sequel how much money like for you yeah
for a remake for a sequel I'm for sale
yeah we'll see how well the first one
does very poorly yeah
I'm just saying it did very poorly yeah
Johnny Depp dresses up like Jack Sparrow
and visits hospitals this this is what
happens every it's fine
as long as they're not like you know as
long as they're not going in there and
smacking people around I think it's fine
for anyone to visit sick people
so just saying is there's never a bad
time to visit sick people in the
hospital you know there's no way there's
no way to know you know what anyone's
gonna crash but I think I think it's
usually a good thing to visit oh yeah oh
yeah it's kind of depressing at all all
right
you know I'm probably gonna die I'll get
that shit and who needs that what else
are you gonna do with your day go to the
park no you can't go to the park I stay
in the hospital some of these kids can't
leave that's why I always I always
enjoyed the I don't kids play kids play
yeah give them video games and not like
life-saving drugs as well yeah I mean
there's there's better thing she could
probably deal with in kids play we can
only assume that the doctors are giving
them life-saving drugs I would rather be
if I were a sick kid I would rather
somebody donating money for her medicine
Cara my cure my cancer and then we'll
talk about video clips you can only
assume that people are already working
on the medicine stuff but you have to
spend a lot of time in the hospital look
now I got something to do while you're
in the hospital I'm gonna know if I'm
gonna donate to a charity it's gonna be
to a charity that's doing something
useful yeah I don't know I like it I
think there are there are people who
like for either for treatment or just
because they're so sick have to spend
all day in a hospital on I get bored I
want something to do
child's play not kids play bottom
there's no official release date on
space cop rich yeah are you planning on
visiting any six sick kids dressed up as
base camp they would not want to see me
they would not want to see babies okay
if I were famous enough that it would
make a difference
sure you would yeah I wouldn't think to
do it on my own so he said hey it's the
kids I'd really appreciate seen spacecab
yeah yeah that sounds like a good idea
maybe maybe something like Tina at sick
teenagers they would know of you
teenagers usually ask for this let's be
honest well of course they're well you
know maybe there has maybe so and then
they're there especially if they are
assholes especially red letter media
fans then until then they've really
wants you to come in they probably need
to be a dick tear while you were there
but you know yep you'd be doing
Alvis for the right amount of money rich
will visit any one dress the space kappa
I think I think we've gone through that
any more
rich is for sale yeah you you you put up
the dough little strapped rich in that
space cop outfit ship him off to
wherever what do you want him to dress
as he'll dress up as anything we'll put
him in the blanket outfit dress him up
as George Lucas well we'll put a new
page on me on the merchandise a new item
in the merchandise shop personalized
rich Evans visit yeah oh yeah he'll
dress up as nuki no dress up is anything
anything you want except nuki except for
new key or or or Darth Maul you won't
dress up is there no I won't dress up as
Darth Maul that's smearing that shit and
a bunch of horns all over my head rich
rich has a price oh I'll dress up in
whatever costume takes the least amount
of work
okay so rich does have a limit that's
interesting that's interest
okay how about in a suit made of new key
tapes I think that's fine
he doesn't want it bricks doesn't want
to put makeup on no I don't I really do
I can't stand full face makeup let's
just yeah yeah okay I'm on gunk all over
my damn face
he doesn't want as long as it doesn't
involve gunk over his damn face he's
fine with it this way I can do
once again okay they would have to be
smearing gunk all over my face and it
would be racist I forgot I forgot her
eyes when there was every dork no some
mace windu is all of all the Nerds are
down with that I forgot you know what up
for a second I've read mace windu but my
mind was reading qui-gon jinn I'd be an
easy costume
oh yeah did you put on full face makeup
to play the alien in the Grabowski yeah
I hate it
I'm doing stuff
stealth requires quiet time I'm sorry
yeah and we are gonna do more text
adventure games I think what what do we
say our next one was gonna be we're
gonna do the King's Quest one right um
most likely yes seems quest three rich
said it would be the good one one and
two are a little bit too simplistic
don't wanted to were like fetch quests
okay rich here's here's the real offer
from Elvis Elvis yeah four tickets to a
Mariners game just a few rows behind the
dugout and dinner yeah yeah you can play
favor the flight yeah you gotta pay for
the hotel at least one night of a hotel
this things ain't free
I can only assume it's the Mariners game
we're in flair though right you're gonna
lose Disney World or land but they're
gonna have a whole Star Wars themed wing
of the park now of course Oh more's no
not a huge Star Wars fan we know that I
think I like the original movies but let
me make a ton of fuckin money
it's it's it's ER it's not even funny
yeah but Disney World is now gonna be
filled with assholes that's the
trade-off nobody else is gonna want to
go there yeah it's gonna be overrun by
Star Wars right Real Talk though have
you seen the Lego set no they've leased
or unveiled or something for the new one
the the new lego sets for the force
awakens yeah super excited about them
I'm a big big lego fan
super spoiler if ik I don't know if it's
spoiler if ik I mean I don't know
anything about it there's a new
Millennium Falcon
like I said there's there's a bunch of
new cool stuff they look great
I'm very very explosion I'm more I think
I might be more excited about the Legos
Legos are like Legos but they're so
fucking reticular comically expensive
for what they are
comically they don't even come free a
symbol that's that's the fun rich I
don't know I'm just yeah it's the fun
but you think that would anything would
just help keep the cost down I don't you
know to me there were the the hours the
the day's the months of entertainment
that me and my children get out of Legos
and then you know new sets and then you
can take them apart and make your own
sets I love it Legos are the best toy
they are the toy that keeps on giving
you get you get a kid a guy an action
figure you know they play with them for
a little bit you get him Legos they can
have a new fucking thing every day so
basically you like them because they
keep your kids out of your hair you know
but I mean also for me do you like what
I'm playing with them I want something
to do it you know playing with the kids
would play Legos build shit I'm still
gotta watch the old my house fucking do
your kids have some of your old Legos
the question no no my mom was pretty
terrible at keeping yeah my childhood
toys so no not not in my jaw Lisa
my wife's mom capped a lot of her stuff
yeah and so
we have a bunch of old Legos but I
constantly scour rumor sales for like
just bins of Legos cuz we go for rooms
we had a very we have Harry you know
careful organizing system for all of our
Legos I think that's great just this guy
you know he's so excited for his
daughter to be old enough for Legos it's
fantastic and like especially once
they're old enough to just start like
creating weird shit themselves it takes
their days it's great it is great how
young do you have to be to not be old
enough for Legos well one when you're
too young
like even even like my question is
where's the line I think it's like five
or six cuz they got the duplos yeah
duplo's and duplo's do great but then
eventually you get too old for new
clothes
Oh too old for the duplo but then you're
so young that you don't build a
structurally sound LEGO creations and so
then it turns into a thing of like I
built this awesome thing but it keeps
falling apart when I play with it right
and that just makes it frustrated but I
think once you start hitting at five or
six they can start like piecing together
things that actually stay together
that's what you're most excited about oh
I like building stuff I like putting I
love a stem assembling stuff you know
like ya bring all your piece oh yeah
organizing them and buy different colors
and sizes and then precisely putting it
together I mostly just built spaceships
actually I built towns but I got a
little bit older I tried to build whole
towns great yeah oh fuck you're sitting
right there right there fucking jackass
that's true yeah if they're too young if
it's too young they just eat the Legos
you gotta be careful of that duplo's are
a great way to start but man like Lego
Legos we went through a phase where we
were super into mech suits and just
everything was a mech suit and you know
like my oldest would just put legs and
arms on any creation it's like okay it's
a mech suit now and it was awesome I
would like putting together Warhammer
hall's you're probably right no no
actually you know what I tried model
building once like you know model
airplanes you didn't have the patience
that take this thing would be neat that
takes precision and I don't have that
kind of precision though I'd want to
build model spaceships
model planes yeah the Lego movies great
I love the leg of moon
right oh yeah I was fun super fun I was
I was all ready to call some bullshit on
the lego movie for being overly generic
but then the twist happened it's it's
got it yeah the the the gimmick that the
gimmick kind of negates the dumbness of
it just clever it's clever but it's
still dumb it's still dumb but you know
you you almost feel like it's dumb on
purpose because it's right yeah it's a
gimmick gimmick work and the gimmick
works and yeah like a movies great
oh that's a good question did you hear
how do you feel about there being a Toy
Story for I don't give a shit I'm not as
big on the toy stories as most people
are yeah they're fine find a good then I
haven't hated them but it's not toys
story is not sacred to me the toy
stories aren't even amongst my favorite
Pixar movies I don't know I don't know
that they make my top 5 any of them oh
really
Incredibles up wall-e and they go just
about any order you put up in front of
you up his number 2 for you there those
the top 3 there's some jostling there's
some I think I'm like I'm Wally might be
my favorite
well he's amazing I might like up more
than the Incredibles those really close
up is great I'm up as fuck up had me in
tears of in five minutes
well but here's the thing like there's
there's the first five minutes of up and
there's all and then and then I think I
put monsters incorporated and Finding
Nemo above it before I get to any of the
Toy Story yeah yeah so do they I mean
you know they're all great was was there
all the time makes good movies but none
of the top none of the toy stories make
my Pixar top 5 yeah yep I mean totally
Story 3 it's brilliant and heartbreak
it's fine they're really manipulative of
that ending come on that ending the
tricks people into thinking the movie is
great better than it is what are you
talking about it's the ending that
tricks people into thinking the movie is
better than it is the ending is great
yeah sure it is what do you mean it
tricks people explain explain your
because then you think they're gonna die
and it's all super hyper emotional the
rest before that is it's fine it's good
it's okay so I'm saying Jack and you got
a deal with it because it's what I'm
saying and you can't stop saying I'm not
gonna stop me from saying I would like
you can't reach the mute button I would
I would like to rebut if I comb that
garden but the entire movie is the build
to that ending the entire movie is them
coming to grips with where they are in
life right it's fine it's good it's
great it's fine it's just not in my top
five Pixar's sorry
bite me I'm not tough on you you you
know when you say stuff like how much
would people love the movie without that
ending us all I'm saying what could've
you know if a frog had wings would it
hop okay
what did bump its ass when it hopped
right it's a moot point it has the
ending that was by the way I that was me
retelling that thing terribly what how
does that say it phrase go what if a
fraud oh I've never heard that phrase I
thought you're just making that up
oh no it's a specific phrase to mean
like it doesn't you know if a frog had
wings would it bump its ass when it
hopped mhm and it doesn't matter cuz the
Frog doesn't have wings right yeah so
your point of if without that ending
would it matter it doesn't matter cuz it
has the ending it's beautiful oh and I
don't care if I'm spoiling Toy Story
three Toy Story 3 is out of spoiler
warning tonight yeah I'm gonna agree
with that that's been out for a while
had your chance yeah
by the way love Darth Vader's Luke
Skywalker's father right we're done with
that kind of spoiler territory Snape
killed Dumbledore bunny kinda did it on
purpose but who's supposed to tell Snape
thing I never much cared for but I don't
know I'm not a Harry Potter guy I just
heard that as a spoiler that's all I
know totally a spoiler okay Toy Story
four apparently rumored yeah and I know
well you don't care but I guess I do so
I'm gonna talk well I was fine rather
I'd rather they do another new Artie
property I'd rather see another up not a
sequel but I mean another movie in the
vein of a poor Wally yeah is what I
would rather see okay yeah or The
Incredibles 2 which has been announced
so I'm happy about that credible Seuss
coming out
I need more incredible everyone needs
more Incredibles very excited about that
agreed we know wall-e is a that might be
my top toy story for the rumored story
is woody finding Bo Peep oh god forgot
about after well she left
did she leave I don't remember how that
work she didn't leave you know like
remember and Toy Story 3 they were
talking about all the toys that are
there as I mentioned Bo and he's like
yeah we lost ball so we can only assume
she was given away or she's forced
license broke
ambiguity you say it could be so you
know we can only assume that you know
they see Bo beep Bo beep up on eBay or
something right mm-hmm and they discover
that if their baby's not just another Bo
Peep thousands right right wind that'd
be awkward like the entire movie what
he's like searching for his lost love
and he gets there it's like Bo I missed
you she's like who the fuck are you
they'll be the twist that'll be great
I'm all for that now rich Evans is now
100% onboard yeah yeah so that's you
know could be could be fine good suck
depends if it's the same people working
on it what do I kill this guy do I let
him live she might look around a little
close the door but let him live you know
why because once once your mission is
complete and he's left alive he's gonna
feel oh this is this is a mission with
the lightning that can flare up at any
time and and and reveal you
so yeah and you want to let as many
people in the level live as possible
because then they feel like shit yeah
I let them pass oh I love I love
ghosting yeah but I'm doing terrible
today I too long so I played this game
my mojo is gone I can get back there
sure but shit happens and we're all
gonna have to deal with that do toys die
when they break well part of them has to
break can I just have a head who fucking
cares well what about that amalgam thing
in Toy Story 1 oh the doll head right we
fucking eye I see post like that all the
time about like you know oh and Toy
Story buzz actually couldn't fly or
float or anything you know it's like
fucking pairs of movies I don't care
about stuff like that
ah ok well stuff like that
they can't even fight without these toys
to protect them
I you know I liked I liked Toy Story 3 I
I thought I think I think all the Toy
Story movies are it was it was good not
saying it's bad movie oh no no I agree
but you know I see some people hey can
it not be him slightly bad-mouthing and
I think I think that the Toy Story
movies do an amazing job of metaphor you
know like they're all about very
grown-up things
but shaped around toys and around your
childhood I think they do a good job of
that even even confronting death and
just growing older and I thought Toy
Story 3 was one of the best midlife
crisis movies in just these old toys
were no use to anyone who try to get
back in the game only to be smothered
and crushed by the you know need people
in their life right only to embrace
death that's great that's fuckin great
you know Toy Story wanders basically
about it is about a father stepfather
relationship it's not a divorced dad
being taken over by the cool guy that's
what I that's how I was
fuck
oh no he bodyslam me is there a director
you guys would love to see make a Batman
no no no one in particular I'd love to
see somebody who just I'd love to see
somebody act Batman I'd love to see
somebody write Batman right and somebody
act back I'd love to see him not wearing
a plastic black armored suit yeah yeah I
would love that I will have to say
actually see Batman in a movie for a
change in fact just make another Batman
the Animated Series movie there problem
solved think of a director who made a
movie where like characters had to
figure stuff out and you know who would
probably make a really fantastic Batman
movie
Bradburn or rushed him and Paul Dini
live action a live actor I'm thinking of
all of the like sneaking around and
stuff stuff in The Incredibles I'm
thinking of the fun action sequences in
Mission Impossible
I'm like one name alone who's gonna do
it well you are a lot of things have to
come together I think to make a good
Batman movie you also need a studio
willing to not get their way and shove
like new bat toys into the Batman movie
it'd be neat if they were willing to not
do a super villain this Batman versus
the corrupt city do year one as a movie
I'd be done with your one as a movie
that's what they're saying the daredevil
showrunner yep doing a pair of simple
down their version of Batman be cool I'd
be fucking yeah Tomorrowland was kind of
lame but I'm thinking of yourself
whoo Batman in a7 style Gotham who's 7
again I've never seen 7 no I know I
should one of those things I needed to
see you in I haven't no excuse I'm
blanking everything
that was a Fincher was a picture yes Oh
Fincher would make it go Batman not I
mean not Carrie Fincher would direct the
good bad husband Bruce Wayne and Batman
will the same person all along okay that
joke was so good Jack's quacking hey
Jack quack like a duck
no Fincher would've enjoyed about
wouldn't make a good Batman and Fincher
might have the balls to stand up to a
studio because manga is stupid chat why
were you talking about comic books how
can we never talk about manga because I
don't like whiny 15 year old boys
there's my answer
lots of flashiness little depth pretend
depth and 15 year old whiny boys that's
anime that's manga suck my dick
yes I'm generalizing and there are
probably exceptions to the rule I don't
give a fuck go to help Colonel Richard
we're not talking about mango which is
delicious though it's hard to get the
fruit you know it's hard to cut into a
mango mango I think it's delicious
have you watched any of the DC animated
movies not many though I'm definitely
gonna have to see The Killing Joke with
if Mark but the way I've heard he's
confirmed I don't know if that's a
reliable source but with Mark Hamill
doing the Joker yeah I got to see The
Killing Joke I saw I saw one of their
recent like dawn of Justice like I'll do
is for more for that it was it was like
a recent Batman fight Superman for a
little bit and Wonder Woman's there and
I think the flash to or some I thought
it was I thought it was terrible
I thought it was terrible and rushed and
the characters were all over the place
and I didn't much care for
oh this thing on me didn't much careful
I thought I thought they handled like
the the Justice League coming together
really well back in with in the old
Justice League cartoon again that that
old Adventures of Superman Batman that
Justice League did you ever say which
one sorry I was dodging dogs though
right well not the the old dresses like
the night those dresses uh a little bit
yeah I haven't seen the whole thing
I thought the part of eating those part
of the DCAU yes yeah I thought they
handled the Justice League coming
together better on that ultimately I
just wanted you know I'm like Formica
chicas just like Batman dominated
everything I just wanted to see what
Batman was gonna do because he was by
far the most interesting I'm all written
character on the show it turned into it
Bay's well have been another Batman show
which I'm kind of okay with but I don't
I just don't give a shit about the
Justice League maybe I don't know okay
you know the DC characters have a
problem they have a big bro they're
gonna die and then be reborn as
something else and then be reborn in a
more Trixie
get your master killed dog
it's an animated movie and continuity
with the Arkham games what what what
animated movie is that right although
it's not actually about Batman that's
probably just about the asan them be my
guess there's a Batman here one movie
yeah yeah
animated I'm not sure who did the voice
snack I don't think it's Kevin Conroy so
my interest level dipped like 75 percent
I'm gonna be asking you yeah it's stiii
identified that and with Kevin Conroy so
much at this point that actually
decreased my desire to see that it's
tough it's up it's tough when someone
nails it's so much yeah and you're so
and you know he did it for so long
he was Batman for so long that I agree I
can see you might not be a fair reason
to not have given your one a chance but
is what it is
assault on Arkham is what it's done
thank you Darth Stevens Steven s
I have not seen the Dark Knight Returns
animated movie I want to say I read the
comic when it came out assault on Arkham
is a Suicide Squad movie set in the
arkham games
why bother setting it in the arkham
universe other than just a gimmick it
might not yeah i guess it doesn't make
any difference
maybe we haven't seen i don't really
know because the games did well and so
you just want to connect it and yeah
again to that alright oh shit rich I
just re-watched The Dark Knight and I
think you guys are totally blowing the
Batman voice out of proportion
you mean Christian Bale's Batman oh
we're no we're not it's ridiculous yeah
I I'm good you know what you know what
weird I'm gonna use absurd it's absurd
oh I didn't I did not know that there
apparently Kevin Conroy was interviewed
by Kevin Smith yeah oh my god how when
why was probably on his Batman podcast
oh hey that's right he has a Batman
theme I'm sure that would be a great
podcast to listen to him he had a great
interview with Mark Hamill yeah
it's great ya know Chris Bale's Batman
voice oh it's awful is absurd where are
ya keep doing it you do it great it's
like and like the more I love I'd love
to hear you do the the year one
narration with that voice so we can we
can we look up some of the year one
narration wait hold on
father set me aside I don't know
anything I know I don't have it any of
it to heart either but that would be
hysterical just like it's just the were
like and then the more intense he gets
and the more like emotional he gets a
bad a worse it is just the more I don't
hear and here's the real problem is I
can't even remember any lines from any
of the movies because I've removed them
from my brain but can you look like
you're one script is this thing that
exists somebody if you could find a
script to year one send us a link
you know it's just a lot of bruising
myself oh okay okay
Bruce it's and rights away because
there's like this little I'm almost
diary entry day one yeah oh we're
getting there we're getting us some good
stuff here that's not why I'm gonna jump
to your stupid
there's so much not badly there's so
much not Batman in the people is that
all eyes I don't just spoken words or is
that doing the the narration to the
diary entries because those are all over
that script the diary entries should be
in voiceover
they might not have done it for the
cartoon movie for sure I know in the
comic book that once every day he's got
an entry which I had your one who
actually just loaded the mic you wanted
to read comic book stuff yeah yeah I'm
old you got no your one yeah name your
one again the Dark Knight Returns and
what else I give them Killing Joke well
yeah I think I just wanted to serve with
some Batman stuff Oh movies comics most
movies you want her to brush out or be
prepared
yeah they've already done Watchmen so oh
yeah the best line from Batman is
indiscernible growling it really is
it's like I'm just trying even trying to
remember a scene from that movie Rachel
Rachel but one day and you're not even
doing a comical exaggeration you're
doing the voice but one day someone told
me that they were gonna need someone
like me Rachel listen to me
sometimes you have to be what the world
needs you to be and now it's you want to
be
Rachel gets me into it here I can hear
him say Rachel Rachel
I don't wear hockey pads
do the speech Batman says to Superman
before kicking his ass and returns I
don't remember that speech sound like
Harvey Fierstein sure Harvey Fierstein
is a probably doesn't better Batman boys
than Bale we need someone like you
someone who will rattle the cages it's
like even I think I'm doing it to subtly
even you know mm-hmm man it's so awful
how not the new Batman a class like
Christian Bale I know your mo you don't
kill anyone I'm not trying to kill you
Howard I know you'd have the same stupid
thing I thought Maggie Gyllenhaal was
fine in that she was certainly better
than them Kate Kate was a fucking wet
blanket Maggie Gyllenhaal at least
emoted some
fucking like I waited and waited no
lightning came so I just said fuck it
I'm going and happened again I'm sorry
yeah okay dude thank you rich what do we
do when we fall look there it's David
what do we do when we fall we get up we
fight we fight for another day fuck my
life
fuck my life we are the Ragnar Empire we
have specifically chosen this URL I'm
getting worn out those might be my last
stage sure to reveal our battle plans I
must say that the Space Jam website must
be taken down he just reading things
they're writing now no I'm just that's
the only thing I can remember is that is
the dialogue from the great space - oh
yeah
maybe huh no Katie Holmes even looked
more bored in Batman Begins I am
thoroughly convinced that Katie Holmes
10 Donna yet she is just here you know
she's she's in movies purely on momentum
Maggie is a good actress I like Maggie
job
The Dark Knight isn't a Batman movie but
it's my favorite movie with Batman in it
and see here's the thing failed or
whatever your name is what's the logic
mom come on mom no mom this is why this
is why the Dark Knight is the best
Batman movies because Batman does his
Batman things he does actual detective
work he doesn't just go around punching
Superman I got this suit that lets me
take bullets right now I'm not wearing
hockey pads you know like it's a movie
primarily focused on the villain and
Batman does what he can he scrambles to
catch up that's a Batman movie he's a
detective he spends a lot of time
sitting around and thinking and figuring
out stuff looking in abandoned buildings
for clues like a fucking detective would
do that's why the Dark Knight is the
best one to see
here here's a here are some lines from
from the Batman Superman Dark Knight
you're beginning to get the idea Clark
we could have changed the world now look
at us
I've become a political liability and
you you're a joke I want you to remember
Clark in all the years to come in your
most private moments I want you to
remember my hand now your throat I want
you to remember the one man who be you
that's that's the speech at the end of
DARPA terms cameras oh yeah I am the
night Rachel
you know what that is a little off-topic
but I think that's a great one
maggie gyllenhaal the just this guy you
know we have you seen stranger than
fiction
nope that will Ferrell Maggie Gyllenhaal
movie no it's quite good okay it's not a
typical Will Ferrell comedy it's kind of
a like a dark comedy indie comedy very
enjoyable movie I think might be a
little off-topic but we were talking
about Maggie Gyllenhaal and her being a
good actress and I think that's a fine
example of her is a good actress also a
fine example of Will Ferrell's talent
outside of very good
yeah I don't even know this is actually
a really good guy you know that's I
literally all I'm doing is growling
that's my Batman voice because Bale I
think it's I think it's great I think
it's terrible I think Bale's Batman
voice is terrible
that's the worst the only affleck batman
voice we've heard so far is his robot i
sized batman voice and i wonder if that
is going to be his whole batman thing
wait I haven't heard this what is this
you know what he says do you bleed
doesn't it sound like real body Affleck
did this right remember in the trailer
oh oh I blinked like sorry it's
forgettable you know you like it's
coming through his Iron Man suit yeah
Robo Lee so I wonder if you I wonder
what his like normal Batman voice is
gonna be well we ever see him in a
normal Batman voice I don't know that's
a good question
who cares if Maggie was not attractive
in bat the bat in hand movies she was
playing a character
well they cared they care about that
that's somewhere that's what someone
said who fucking cares I don't think
I've got your priorities straight man I
also don't find Katie Holmes attractive
but like I don't necessarily find Maggie
Gyllenhaal like attractive except for
the fact that she's very talented and I
find talent attractive she's attractive
and kind of like an indie girl way you
know no no young Jennifer Connelly we
can all agree on that but who cares
about that she's an actress she's
playing a part in the movie fucking
fucking get over it does she act the
character well yeah I think that's the
first question that's all that should
matter Batman in Iron Man suit that's
what have you have you not seen the Man
of Steel's trailer that's what happens
Batman gets in an Iron Man sir Oh
what I think that's a weird thing to say
Tiberius guard that whenever in the dark
night whenever they were doing a
close-up on Maggie's face it was
distracting and she looked bizarre I
think that's that's weird incorrect
you right Oh bother
Iron Man Batman had better act a hell of
a lot like Robocop what's the point I
think that would be hilarious like like
what you were hoping for in in Arkham
Knight oh yeah yeah come on clonk clonk
tell me do you bleed shit man just like
flies away really fast wait up oh I
don't have rocket boosters on this thing
hide it
fear for us lunch boy I'm not gonna say
warren- Maggie Gyllenhaal
my fans are kind of mean assume
something let's be honest abandoned kind
of mean sometimes they're kind of mean
and you know so as we've discussed in
the past these might be jokes you might
be saying jokes
murmurs remember we run after our
streams they used to attack that the
streamer with the big boobs that's true
I do a mean thing sir that was a little
mean there's a little mean and like I
get it she was putting that out there
she was really like let's be honest it's
me I am I am let's be honest you put a
lot of this but if you you know what I
was doing right there I was being a
little mean do you want to do play
something just think this is fine why
don't we think this is gross
it's 9:30 so we've been at it for almost
three hours 9:30 and you and you know
there's some private room should we
discuss discuss that the chat when we
got home okay wait first of all chat is
the plan to go play rocket League and
talk about it in chat because I guess
here's what I'm saying I'm gonna go home
and play rocket League no matter what
yeah yeah
are we playing together or not oh we and
if anything we could that's true
be nice if we could team up his friends
even though you're PlayStation I'm again
can we and just tackle regular rooms
oh you mean that can we join a party
together I don't know I don't know if
you can specify I'm already rocket
League II know we won't stream it we're
just gonna play it yeah we're gonna play
this let's go home I play it well well
we're gonna we're gonna check in the
stream later and I'll give you guys the
room in that and then what now let's
thank our subscribe yeah
mr. shy smile doom doom poke Rena Gazzo
iced lizard game shark spear
Dave oh oh five babies layer one five
six scantron the immortal optimist no
this just this guy I know
you know jack you blew the name what
just this guy you know
fuck fuck just this guy you know specs
for Jason Kaikoura
Cara seein fart and done make sure you
gonna write first times I'm just making
sure I get it right the first time
Dungeon Master Blaster thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do was wait that
Batman voice to come in a lot earlier
were you yeah waiting for like a name to
be Batman
oh yeah that's good let's go it's gonna
happen at all sure sure
thank you for subscribing we really
