Nov 15, 2015
The Swindle
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/27900303
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/27900817
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/27901122
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW9S953tgsQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPR5NEuicng
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSwZqDuJSGw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/665971498566324224

[Part I]
we could use we're not using that's
right we had an issue with the green
screen and in wispy ports on the laptop
we're streaming this hour we're
streaming on the laptop so there's no
there's no face cam today I'm sorry
there's no face cam because the whoever
sent us that lovely our to USB hub it's
not a powered USB uh yeah and several of
our devices including our audio mixer
and our game capture device need to be
powered USB I I say we blend your laptop
which only has two fucking USB ports
it's a laptop that's better than the new
iMac laptops that don't have any ports
of any kind that's true the new there's
a power port and that's it right how are
you supposed to use anything everyone's
supposed to be wireless that's what they
want
yeah for fuck's sake and the power port
also can W can like you know you know
what that is it's fucking bullshit this
fucking bullshit was what that is you
can you can double I'm a fan of half the
products but I agree rich the but that's
but that's also the air that's like the
the lower grade the gas humor is great
they're not worried about plugging does
their higher end wants to live ports
well like this you know the pro is still
hiring them they don't have to move from
out which I will assume have some sort
of course Mario Mario 42 and emcee Lucas
and mr. shy smile thank you for
subscribing for insanely obscenely long
amounts of time we really appreciate it
it's true we do and we're finally
playing the swindle
this is a game that I've said we were
playing for the past like two weeks and
every time we've accessed reamed it was
a different game so what is this a
swindle people we swindle people so this
game came out a while ago but it has
some horrible game breaking bugs to it
but they finally patched all the bugs
and
I really like it and so I wanted to play
sassoon because I saw you tweet about
this where you mentioned Cthulhu so I
assumed this was some sort of like HP
Lovecraft related game oh I was just
swearing on our Lord and Savior Cthulhu
okay okay I was I was swearing and I
assumed it had something to do with the
game oh no I was just declaring my ever
dying devotion to the mighty mandibles
of our Lord and Savior Peavy so humberto
cabbage badge and a SART Bhimsen thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated his true we really do I
missed our new game and there's a little
bit of text and so I thought I would do
it in my Michael Caine impression book
because this is like a British game talk
to talk about ash versus the Evil Dead I
think doesn't know we're gonna ever talk
about are you up on the ropes oh yeah I
didn't think it was as strong as the
first two still good I liked the demon
the demon is a little tube video game II
like it looks like something out of like
I don't know Silent Hill or something
you know what it looked like is B grade
Guillermo del Toro oh yeah that's good
I mean he's kind of neat but my issue is
with the female cop lady I already
remember her name
female cop I dislike her very much
because she makes baffling decisions
it's like she's like determined to
arrest ash yeah when she goes in the
back room in that bookstore and sees him
face to face with a demon all she is
concerned with is a rusty Nash yeah like
she's so one note that it's obnoxious so
I dislike her character is she wrong
well yeah yes who's who was she she was
waiting asked for summoning the demons
right no she still thinks that he's like
a killer no she knows there are demons
she does even she's still like
determined to she arrest ash I think
there are bigger things to worry you're
sick
she thinks he's responsible for the
demons he is responsible for the demon
but you can't like arrest someone like
that's not a normal law that's breaking
I just determined to arrest him it's
weird
the irony is
she's 100% right because Osher in even
in that fucking episode ashes
moronically something at summon any
dimensional Haven it turns out he can't
control right right
no I'm doing with that in theory you
think I percent correct sure I just like
the execution of it is really botched
I'm fine with it in theory I just don't
think it's very well written that aspect
yeah so that's my biggest problem I did
like in this in this episode they seem
to take a little more time
character-wise yeah I like that I like
that there they're actually building a
little bit of hey those with ash like
he's I'm sure it'll be very tiny amazing
up some sort of art which I appreciate
like that was my big problem with the
second episode we didn't get a chance
like with second episode oh yeah I like
that episode a lot like I liked it but I
wanted it to be like five or ten minutes
longer of just padding I was just more
character town I felt like it was a
little too rushed
yeah there's a lot going on but I love
that whole long awkward dinner scene yep
that was great I was so good car fight
was great in episode 2 yeah but like I I
just wanted a little more than yeah I'm
just upset this episode had that yeah
I'm waiting for Lucy Lawless to do
something they keep teasing her she was
a badass in the Sun oh she had her
moment at the beginning and then she's
gone for the rest of the episode like I
like her a lot I like what she don't
stop but her since to do she's alone
since the build-up I know I know I'm a
are building it all but I want him to
get to that point cuz I'm sure she's
gonna be awesome I'm not gonna tarnish
some people don't know but that was that
was like spoiled in like the
Comic Con 10 months ago what her role is
going to be I I think I heard something
about
oh don't spoil yeah no I won't spoil it
I hold on I'm going to start the game
and I got a read you think I'll be back
renji I'll be back
London 18-49 in 100 days Scotland Yard
will activate their breakthrough our
official intelligence technology
codenamed The Devil's basilisk
it's surveillance capabilities will be
total if the project is completed your
career as a master burglar will be
untenable but what do we do when we fall
we steal it before that can happen you
have one under days okay how's my Mike
that's it so quick your Michael K knows
my my cocaine
quick before Jay comes back so the this
is bait this is what I'm calling sneaky
spelunky this game is it's very much
like spelunky but you got a sneak and it
has a kind of a build up a lot like
invisible ink where if you die it's okay
you get new characters and you just have
to gain enough resources to take on the
big body at the end which is breaking
into the police station to steal the
devil's the bestest there's all sorts of
upgrades and such and whosits and
whatnot so but right now I have zero
money so I got to go steal some money so
I'm enry bez though are you starting a
new game which doesn't continue this is
a new game starting from the beginning
you have 100 days to see how the Devils
combustibles and then you look at your
little guy he's adorable
all the people you always start off with
this guy but then when you die all of
your peoples appearance and name is
procedurally oh really
and every jet every level is
procedurally and you work your way up
the levels right now I can only go to
the slums you have to pay to get into
new members so start stealing from the
slums I wouldn't be happy until I
started and ended the game
that's that that is an achievement is
what doing the entire thing has that guy
and you know I'm getting I'm getting
their word you know
deaths mean something so basically you
know here's the level and you have to
get back to your pod after it is doing
everything have these little robot
released and then that's their Fiat
yellow bar see very well always what
we're polite criminals it closes you
don't really need to in this game but I
still stuff its stealth happen
absolutely
they ever open doors later some of these
some of the box open doors until you can
just high ground and these are these are
you playing this with the steam because
we are not I'm playing this on the ps4
with a pistol this is one of those games
where it wouldn't matter if we had a
steam controller because how do you
people feel about our steam controller
episode
some people had some very harsh worries
is pre-split I think I think was but you
know what I thought we gave it a fair a
fair go we didn't really talk or you
know we mentioned briefly not in the
episode but in our actual conversation
how long we add it but I ended up
cutting it from the episode because it
was tied up in a different thing gonna
cut but a lot of people were complaining
that we just didn't give it enough time
of course you people who are here know
that we've had it for three weeks if
we're not comfortable with a controller
in three weeks there's a problem
I didn't even say it was worse than a
regular control I mean he's just there's
no good reason I wouldn't just keep
using my mouse and keyboard the couch
that was my board will end it but even
as a controller you're like it doesn't
replace the controller I the controller
still work controller Center game still
work just fine either absolutely
absolutely
it's it's a solution for a problem that
I don't really believe exists Steve
so I feel about that
really
that's all
welcome back to welcome
real quick
the upgrades I'm buying here is a you
know there's money laying around each
house but I also have to hack computers
and that gives me money so I now have
enough money to hack computers and
double jump like if I had play a shooter
with a controller and and the mouse and
keyboard just weren't option for one
there's a 99% chance I just wouldn't
play that game i but if I had to I would
want to use the steam controller rather
than this little it felt a little bit
more comfortable yeah a little bit
I'm coming from a controller I I think
nowhere near the mouse and I bought her
the controller for sure little comfort
and accuracy yeah yeah well there you go
well you know there you go
also a lot of people were talking about
using the mode shift to change the
sensitivity I know that I've cut out of
the episode it did you talked about that
yeah I did that and and the the the
harsh change in sensitivity never meshed
right and I think rich putted the best
in the episode which is again a cut out
because that's all happens which is it's
making something that should be simple
overly complicated yeah a good control
scheme you're not thinking about it's
not moving shouldn't be the most
complicated thing in the world
I like this hurt side and this me yeah
yep
somebody was asking us to talk about
Mystery Science Theater 3000 which
ironically enough
we are like the worst people you can ask
yeah Mystery Science Theater people seem
to think that that we're huge mystery
science theater fans which is why they
always get upset when we watch a movie
that they've apparently done and we
don't mention it I guess watch it if
they watch a movie that means no one
else can ever watch or talk about it
apparently right I like mystery sides
see her but I could probably count the
number of episodes I've seen on maybe
one hand maybe no two hands I'll say hey
we've said this before but it bears
repeating I've seen two episodes myself
but I mean when it comes to mystery
sides 3,000 I know I'm sure it's fine
program but I would rather make my own
jokes about bad movies with my friend
sure yeah that's that's a big thing for
me too it's like it's amusing I put it
on in the background sometimes or have
put it on the background but like yeah
I'd rather just watch the movie and
ridicule it yeah that was all right
they're all funny people though I mean
yum-yum yeah joel hodgson is funny I've
seen a cinematic titanic live a couple
times and that's fine also on a
completely unrelated note why would we
be excited about Mystery Science Theater
coming back it's a competitor this they
do something different it's different
most of the worst is more our reactions
than than making fun yeah and that's the
thing too is like people say like
compare us to mysteries like there Ricky
that's I mean we sometimes do when
watching the movies but we're more about
like examining the movies right and
trying to figure out why they are the
way they are
turns out it's a different thing the
game volume attack I think you need to
listen the action friend
people still that as well okay Tim
multiple comments okay they go
well the Sharia sense theater 2000 is
written yeah like they don't they don't
rip they write you well but I mean yeah
but that's the idea is that they're
commenting on they're making jokes or
things that are happening in the movie
right but it is pre-written
yes which is why cinematic titanic is
such a weird thing to me cuz you get up
on stage and they have iPads with
everything right now so the movie plays
and they just read the jokes and it goes
on oh really
really it's really bizarre like the
comments they make her funny of course
it's still like why am i watching this
live thing sure it's a little weird that
is a little weird but before that the
best stuff is before they start the rift
they have different people come out and
do like stand-up sets and stuff no
that's fine I got a hit we should invite
mystery science needle feeder people to
appear on rest of the worst absolutely
they're already invited wouldn't it be
funny if we did and just turned out they
were terrible like coming up with the
jokes and I've also worse Phoenix
they'll be like watching it the whole
time taking notes these spikes so what
are we recording the episode guys we're
doing it right now oh shit
no they're invited if you know I'm
invited yeah we wouldn't turn him down
oh god no what happened to the face cam
has that been dipped yes we ditched the
face cam yep it's never coming back it's
not on this one stream which means it's
gone forever to be fair it's been gone
from a couple streams but you know for
reasons for reasons for this particular
episode you know it's a big pain for
rich to bring in the big computer and so
for this one I knew we were streaming
from the ps4 or with the ps4 so I could
just stream from my laptop my laptop
doesn't have all of the USB inputs that
Rich's computer has which means we
needed to ditch something
and what we did so you have to break the
window thank you guys we have a victory
camp
it's easy enough to be seen without the
FaceCam what said oh I get it
what do you get oh you're talking about
the game I was talking about the game I
was talking about like what I was in the
game these these are the cops yeah are
they made of wood they're robots
they're robot policemen okay I think oh
that reminds me
you know what's coming the blu-ray wrote
or no well I don't think it's officially
announced yet but that's the rumors that
scream factory is putting out wrote or
on blu-ray scream factory stop it to be
factory is the best are we responsible
for that I would doubt it I think it had
a little bit of a following before I was
unaware of it beforehand but Bobbitt but
they for lesser-known movies like that
they usually do like a like a double
feature blu-ray where's that paired up
with another movie so it's that and a
movie called millennium which I don't
know what that is or anything about it
but rotates hendrickson TV show
millennium it's no it wouldn't be that
row some movie wrote or in HD oh god why
haha next month they're putting out the
Garbage Pail Kids movie I think I'm the
only one in the world that's excited
about that look at that fun little
glitch that row button policeman is is
rocking out now he's freaking out it's
fine that's fine fine I called it a fun
little glitch
Jack is playing yeah this game this is
Jam is that how you describe this game
right now this game is my jam this is
the game that I've been playing in my
free time and I love it
and it's as I mean I might be making it
seem a little easy cuz I'm used to it
but it's super-dee duper-dee fun
hopefully I can get to some of the later
levels work it's very interesting so far
so far I haven't died which is very
exciting
millennium was a time travel jet crash
movie okay that's what I like about
those scream factory double packs is
like if I might buy one if there's like
a specific movie but the other movie on
there maybe I've never heard of so it's
like I'm being introduced to anything
there you go ascension morning right
that was minute are there plans for a
stream of thumb this year J uh you know
I haven't made up my mind yet if there
will be or now yours each dream of thumb
if there is it'll be comprised of
nothing red letter media related let's
just be all sorts of weird I think we've
reached a wide enough audience now where
there's too many people watching and
like people were recording the stream
and uploading it last year so yeah the
charm of it is that it's just all this
random stuff people watch live like it's
not why would you want to watch it was
experience it lies talk about it right
that that was part of the madness I was
in and out last year yeah and that's
that's part of the charm we there at the
end when I did my Ishtar remix oh I lost
my mind at the end there's great so yeah
like that type of stuff is meant to be
experienced live so like watching Ishtar
at 50 different speed in a row yes I was
laughing endlessly as I was doing that I
was having so much fun because I wasn't
planned I just started doing it sure so
so to hack you hold down the triangle
bar I have to do it it says right right
up and if you do it wrong in the cops go
oh no I think I made this seem too easy
there are a lot of cops this seems
pretty easy
well yeah these are the early levels and
I'm used to it it's um comically easy I
don't what's the point what's the point
what's the point yet at all this game
sucks gay game sucks how about doing a
live movie commentary for Christmas how
about how about we spend time with our
families for Christmas oh I don't know
spend time with our families live movie
commentary horse a piece a I'm assuming
they just mean for Christmas and not
actually on Christmas why but I I
thought we would ever ever do a live
commentary I'd be tough
I've got a huge part of what what makes
what we do work is the Edit even so edit
out the bad stuff this is as close to a
live commentary of anything you'll get
mm-hmm and unfortunately you can't walk
oh my god you did it amazing what just
cuz you're not playing right you don't
get okay I see are those spikes
those are spider spikes in the sky
Phoenix needs to be aware that there are
spikes in this game I don't see Phoenix
I didn't he died I think he fell on a
spike oh well there are spikes in the
background there lung did great
shut up fridge what I didn't say
anything bad is it me what you want me
to do jump up and down clap my hands and
go wait till we get the cam back and
then do that you may okay they did mean
Christmas time around Christmas time
okay great
that makes sense
more money a little more money
what do we do when we
so what's hard at this game for somebody
well any what you're not seeing is
insta-death which is true like if I land
on spikes I'm dead one of the see if the
cops see me the alarm gets raised and
then police come and police instant kill
me if I wait if I don't knock them out
after they see me they'll kill me you
know if you fall too long here already
we're getting our cops part of why this
looks easy just because I've been
playing this game so much I know it very
well
let's see an hour.get starting to get
some cop variation and you know you just
have to get the most money possible to
upgrade yourself to make sure you can
get to the next level
make sure you can upgrade yourself
we haven't run across anything super
hard yet
mostly because I also know what's
upgrade like what's really important
upgrade is an upgrade you can get is
what I'm doing right now which is if
you're sliding on a wall you can stop
and slide and just kind of hang out it's
very very important and of course I
learned that was important just to try
on here the double jump is very
important I see here this will be a
little tricky area this guy has a long
field of view but it moves pretty slow
can you just ignore cops just go to a
different area and everything absolutely
absolutely this area is too tricky to
get past which it might lead I can just
go to another area but if you kill all
the cops in an area you get bonus think
of monetary bonds with your company is
any of us seen samurai cop - yeah I
didn't know it was done is it out I
don't know I mean it hasn't if we seen
it well then there's your answer we
don't know if it's done is it done chap
well no check whoever said that I said
it's done jay is samurai cop - done yes
is it how it's done they've had some
screenings I don't think it's not
available we have not seen it no
it was the client yes we don't get a
special advanced copy copy like this in
particular at least you guys have a long
field site and do you have to get past
them
there's DC like down yeah where it says
current property I'm sure there's
another terminal down there but is it
necessary it's not like I could leave
now I have $1400 in this hall you can
see in the top left corner which is
pretty good and all I need is over 4,000
to open up the next area so I could
leave but if I want to be greedy and you
do just a be patient see if these guys
never sync up with a one guy saying
there's no way to do this you need a
bomb I hope we need to bomb oh I don't
have a gun Jack Jack does not have a
bomb I don't once that's a lot of be
chosen always be closing good OCD lots
of talk about star wars people all
assume we have these superimposing Star
Wars The Force awakens plants oh you
mean like for videos yeah what our plan
is like to see it there's the for votes
not even nothing to see it yeah I've
seen I've seen Star Wars before alright
you know it's just more of the same
oh my god he's got it going through the
window amazing
this is how rich gets when he's not
playing it's all fine I'm not gonna risk
those spikes on the bottom so I won't
get all of the money because there's
some money down there don't wanna risk
those spikes the game is still like a
little buggy where the hitboxes are a
little wonky and sometimes those spikes
get you in they don't want
it looks like the spikes are also like
scolding hot so there's like smoke
coming off of them maybe
tgd phoenix Ashura being extra spikes
phoenix you are here for the spite the
grand spike reveal sorry also like it's
funny like for movement speed if i
upgrade that it says your thief's
pelvic bones are removed and replaced
with high tensile copper alloy and I can
you know that is fun
sir is there some kind of like spike
based in the Bulbasaur is that a thing
maybe where someone's just obsessed with
talking about spikes spiked ism yeah
could be could be
I cannot be oh yeah hyper spike
awareness or it could just be that this
is this is his bit and he's he's
sticking with it and I respect that to
the bitter end to the bitter end I
respect that he's got a bit he's
sticking with it alright so now we are
in the next area the joke is on life
support
dying sticking with it yep sticking with
it okay so here her the game starts
getting interesting I don't yet have the
upgrade to hack doors so these big doors
I can't get it see how to get me outside
or throw a winner yeah and I need to
just find any note a new way in until I
can raise enough money
noises don't bother these people not not
these cops certain cops noises bother
later like here look at these these are
like big guy cops they take a few hits
to get down does get more
more variation
okay those guys don't die right away
yeah they take they get knocked out you
have to hit them three times three times
okay no there's like a little rusty like
just see what this guy this guy takes a
little tease I'm assuming he can't die
actually he won't unit it is electric
yes which is another thing so like see
when he's going right like that okay
yeah those wispy yeah take some risk
sometime
oh my
tick tock tower music yeah it's a little
it's a extreme punky all the whole game
the steampunk
cyber climb adventure this one is called
a con there's a computer that's the big
what else is new and you see the new
Ronda Rousey gift I didn't see the gift
what is the gift it's the entire fight
Oh was it quick of course but in a
surprising turn of events she lost but
she lost but rather quickly okay so did
she normally beat people fairly quickly
was that she normally beats people so
fast that it's easier to view the
30-second gift than it is to view like
the five minute introduction and then
you know then 30-second fight fix what
fix but no she lost she that if she
would have this was her last fight and
if she would have won she would have
been undefeated fix I'm sure I'm sure
some I didn't tell you mobsters made a
lot of money also the saying it was the
second round Oh was it yeah oh well then
I go that's how much I know I just saw
wait wait another saying they're only
two round fights in Japan oh okay
well somebody else's angle is the second
round so I don't fuckin know it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter it's over she
lost the other the add the gift is very
impressive like the kick that the other
lady gave her was you know something
that I can't so very much therefore very
impressive
but here's the other thing that this
games kind of all about it's like I
don't have any bomb but you see this
area down here there's another computer
which is big money when you need a bomb
to get there okay you don't have one but
I don't have bombs and so then it's like
just get what this game does is a really
good job of like telling you what's
important without a little text that
says you could use a bomb here and so
it's one of those you learn by doing
it's like oh I really want that but I
can't get in there oh there's questions
why don't you have bombs because you
have to purchase them as an upgrade why
haven't you purchased homes because
other things were more important to
purchase okay
movement speed sticking to walls and
double jumping is more important
so I'm going to sing Jack you have bombs
did I buy box
oh I might have bombs oh oh hold on the
controls are all phony actually has
bombs so Jack actually has bombs but the
the moral of the story is if I didn't
have bombs that room would still be
there and it still does a good job of
telling you what to do hold on I got to
change some stuff sneak I want to be
this open toolkit I want to be this okay
well will I be getting Mass Effect 4 I
any count anyone who wants to send me a
physical copy of Mass Effect 4 I will
destroy it on camera on open though I
would really honestly I would rather you
just like gave that money to charity
give it to some orphans
give them 50 bucks but if you do waste
money buying Mass Effect 4 I will
destroy it on camera there you go you
heard it here first folks
red you can bomb anywhere yeah about
that
I forgot one of them little wooden
pretty little better they had to bomb
this yeah gosh
now if you send me a digital copy I will
not destroy my computer but I won't
accept the gift so there you go there's
this being a complete waste there you go
what if Mass Effect 4 fixes the problem
that is that is literally impossible the
problems of three are so great yeah
you
everything's fine
I have bobster I know I was was very
worried about you
possessing an item that I didn't know
existed in the game yep I had it the
whole time not the whole
that's not that that oh wow so you
fucked up
no you fuck it up I was doing really
well I'm sorry what do you lose they
locked it up if you die you I lost six
thousand eight hundred dollars which is
a big deal because that would have
bought me what do you keep then I guess
nothing if you die I mean you know like
I keep like you know I still have 1600
in the bank from all my previous eyes
but you lose all that money from the
current heist that you're on and you
lose a day you only have a hundred days
to okay to steal the devil's basilisk ah
motherfucker
what have you just chose to jump right
into the demons basket NASA lick vessel
Asst commission right from the start you
can't you can't okay you have to buy
your way into that mission go mother
fucker rich is not fuckin dead because
I'm not playing again well you're
talking about that that that best of the
worst issue issue issue
are you dead we're rich as day yeah yeah
oh yeah rich died several now he's back
though we may explain how he came back
in a future video
it's quite the tale I'll tell you that
much yeah oh and it has some pretty deep
nito's
and and we explained it using science
pretty else
another well-timed what the fuck yeah if
you want to if you really need the
ending that episode to be cannon by
ghost just possessed my dead body
oh that was really convenient yep
everything's pretty much the same except
now I I smell a little bit better
fuck fuck fuck it up all over the place
put the bond support : put the bomb too
close to the computer and
gosh gosh gosh
we should do a best of the worst with
Christian movies are we we've we've kind
of avoided that a lot of them are just
generic you know like the Left Behind
movies they're not like laughably bad
yeah
I think we have a couple decent
candidates that maybe aren't like 100%
Christian but slight Christian overtones
yeah
when SOS was just kind of a weird
exception well we didn't know what that
was
and that's batshit insane you know most
of like the like Christian movies are
just you know they teach Christian
values but they're just like generic
lifetime looking movie they're bland and
wrong yeah you need something that's
that it's trying to teach a value but
it's so insane
yeah like SOS like that's funny like I
haven't seen the Kirk Cameron movie
saving Christmas that came out last year
bicycle I think that's supposed to be
kind of nutso maybe a little
investigating if I maybe definitely
maybe definitely possibly you got that
yes
others it's a bent-over cash
oh that's the door I see
oh yeah the door fell
I see how thin parts
I guess a little buggy and so like their
issues with the object detection so
sometimes if you like
sometimes if you like when we describe
great great clothes go Jay have you seen
Passion of the Christ Jay have you seen
the nail-biter yes and no the nail-biter
no idea I don't think I know what the
nail-biter is I saw I saw Passion of the
Christ in the theater just out of
curiosity yeah and either you ever seen
it no it's like it's like torture porn
yeah it was the whole point I thought I
guess but it's like when it was over I
was like that's it like I mean I guess I
know what he's going for but yeah you're
just watching a dude be tortured for 90
minutes that's it there you go
I have not seen it since so it's like
wrote one no in wrote or you're know the
audience is being tortured it's closer
to like I don't know I'm trying to think
of a comparison that's another cry
because it's yeah it's just like like it
was like exploitation it was like
violence it was like it like Solow the
Pasolini movie or something where it's
just here's all these graphic horrifying
things it's a very Catholic approach I
guess
I have no idea what the nail-biter is at
least I don't think I do are they saying
with the map I'm saying is that like at
a neoprene thing not that I know I'll
look it up
Niels the the new hot fat movie director
in town yeah how did that well I just
out of the blue all of a sudden now
everyone's talking about him yep someone
found him somewhere and started talking
about him yes and I'm happy they did
male fighter 2013 so what we're talking
about I have no idea what this movie is
and so now we're getting into some real
shit here you see this little gear box
at the redline there's a landmine oh and
if I don't hack that correctly I blow up
how much time do you get for the prompts
yeah I mean a couple seconds I'm not not
a lot fine Oh fine one second I have no
idea
Oh oh no I didn't get away in time okay
I was trying to be you know what I was I
was doing careful getting cocky that's
what I do sometimes with the landmines
as I blow them up on purpose so I don't
have to people you have to be here for
the whole strength why

[Part II]
that's because somebody's asking me if J
knows that scream Factory is putting out
a boat or you got to get her early folks
I do I talked about it earlier I'm very
excited it concerns me that you're very
excited what's worse that I'm excited
about that or that I'm more excited
about the Garbage Pail Kids movie coming
to blu-ray I don't even know why it's my
thing it's not like a movie that's so
bad it's funny it's tear it's one of the
worst movies ever made but it's every
decision it's so baffling it's a
fascinating like that it's the ultimate
like what were they thinking how did
this get made movie
first Phoenix by the way their spiky
monster like Garbage Pail Kids ever make
it onto best of the worst
I would love for it to I'm the only one
that loves this movie I think I've
brought it up a couple times and they
keep getting vetoed
I have I have agreed I think we should
because I have I loved the garbage pail
kids growing up have you ever seen the
movie I mean a long past time okay I
actually wanted to do Garbage Pail Kids
with Super Mario Brothers with masters
of the universe
oh that's right that's a good must be
found good combo rich yeah that might
have to happen someday how do you send
me a copy of mass spec for if it's non
steam what is your origins of company
don't send me a digital copy cuz I'm not
gonna play it the only reason to send me
a copy of Mass Effect 4 if it's a
physical copy that I can destroy because
I'm not going to open it I'm not going
to look at it what if it's great right I
don't give a fuck what if it retcons the
last one it makes it amazing
so they'll break my heart again into
more games is that what I need put them
so I'm suing those long it was just
caterpillar snake guys you just can't
jump on them because they're spiky yeah
the spike monsters you can walk right by
though they don't do anything but if you
I mean even if I were to like jump from
the lower ledge to the upper legend land
on them I die instantly so you have to
be really careful where you kill them
yeah
yep
I am sending rich one copy of Mass
Effect every day for the next 365 days
that's that's a lot of money that could
have gone to children of cancer rich
rich would much prefer you give that
money to cancer not to cancer to fight
cancer don't give it to cancer cancer is
powerful enough cancer research I guess
would be a more appropriate thing to
give it to well I doubt there is any pro
cancer organizations you can donate to
I'm just saying like what about cancer
in general I don't do it
Stevi fuck that cancer has any other
game cause such unabashed disdain in
their mind other than Mass Effect 3 no
other game has destroyed something
beautiful like Mass Effect 3 I mean it's
really Mass Effect 3 is just an amazing
accomplishment and fail is it like the
game equivalent equivalent of star wars
rich it's the level of disappointment
when he gets episode 1 I was I was ready
for episode 1 to be disappointed really
yeah because I hate I couldn't like I'm
not really a Star Wars fan I don't like
the Jedi and Jedi Jedi Jedi boring
people standing around not having
emotions yeah like how are they gonna
hold they're gonna have this not be
boring okay so you're one of the people
that was not hyped for episode one I was
I was hoping that they would disappoint
me that's I was hoping that when they
would disappoint my my my my prediction
okay so you thought you were hoping to
be surprised and they'd actually be good
yes okay but I was worried I would say I
was worried going into someone okay and
then they they prove me right and got
everything else wrong too so not for you
personally but in general like for
someone like me I'm like would you say
Mass Effect so I'm trying to understand
like how a videogame could be that
disappointing is it something like
because I was super pumped for episode 1
and then horribly disappointed of course
so is that gonna be equivalent to it
probably yes ok but you live instead
like you can look back on the original
Star Wars trilogy with with love still
but you can't even because of Mass
Effect 3 you can't even look back fondly
on mass spec it wouldn't it would be
more like if episode 1 were returned to
the channel it'd be like that original
trilogy never even had the proper
conclusion ok so you mean if Return of
the Jedi was this bad be like following
up Empire Strikes Back
ok ok I get it so there's not that that
flagon compartmentalized these games is
their own thing yeah I don't have that
I'm so sorry mine I'm just something
that people keep bringing it up and it's
fine they do it because they want to
poke they want to pull oh yeah the rich
bear let's poke pop our rich rich that
Papa Roach Irish cut my life into pop a
roach nope no one did
no one did even singing the song people
some people are like that I honestly
didn't know that was their song I knew
that song but I if you were to sell me
to name a Papa Roach song I couldn't do
it I'm gonna take your word for it that
that's a Papa Roach song suffocation
don't give up at about something and you
know what the only reason I know it is
because it's in that really great Weird
Al accordion oh yeah that's right so
that's why I know good ol Weird Al
make him trash tolerable good old he's
been doing it for as long as I can
remember it's pretty amazing he's
outlived the careers of most of the
people he's parody he's great that's
great
this last album do well yeah is it great
I think I want to say it was like its
best-selling album ever really I could
be wrong about that but I know it was it
did really really well which is pretty
cool you know in the considering it's
his last album his last full album is
what he's saying well that's the thing
is like you know everybody does this for
free on YouTube that's why this is last
album he's like I'll probably release
songs individually but they're like
albums especially with like the type of
stuff he does the time the album comes
out you know the song is already dated
it's a much different world than when he
started doing parodies
I've always liked his original songs
more than his parodies anyway agree
Albuquerque offer running with scissors
it is the most amazing thing is the
greatest song no no jumping over spikes
onto a spiked monster and then I like
even if I hit the spike monster he'd
fall down there and cause problems
like monsters have you heard Weird Al's
the word crimes off the new album yeah
it's so great it takes that horrible
horrible song Madalena something fun but
something like educational right
genuinely education turns it into
something positive
yeah it's it's amazing it's one of the
best things he's ever done
isn't it yeah everybody showed up I want
to hit that robot with the gun on its
head but not the spike monsters
it's cute but it also looks like like a
less interesting mark of the ninja you
know it's it's different mark of the
ninja is more is more action orientated
just as more kind of it's just a
different it's a different piece mark of
the ninja is about the stealth mechanic
and this is about the preparation and
stuff
what what what
you have failed what happened I don't
know how I died
nice if you could rewash like every
player so many natural causes maybe I
had myseif had a heart attack at a heart
attack he did look old you know he did
look old someone in the chat how did I
die
was someone paying attention clearly you
weren't I there was a tiny little robot
and I hit him with my thing but the
little mega yeah the little Megaman guy
but I thought I hit him motherfucker
did we ever do a best of the worst of
the Canon film group we've done Canon
movies before yeah that is its own
specific theme but yeah extra mater
we're cannon Supergirl was cam too right
I don't know is that universal I don't
remember how much came to get so Jane
Doe snakes Jane knows things especially
about cannon
is anyone able to tell me why I died but
should we ever been to a Rob Zombie
concert that's a very specific question
I like I like Robin
yeah but not in a friend do a Rob Zombie
concert I'm not a concert guy I why do I
want to go to a concert so I can go deaf
listening to the shittier version of the
song I like sure
like I like smaller pencil you know
concerts where the vanity is an
established yet and then you know it's
less about hearing the shittier versions
of the song and it's more about like
listening to them figure out how the
song should go supergirl Canon no you
know you have their folks I want to say
no oh Superman we don't war was yes I'm
pretty sure or Supergirl was nuts
Supergirl I want to say came out after
Superman 3 and then Canon bought the
rights to Superman 4 okay I'm 90% sure
great good enough for us I said I didn't
see one live concert that I doubt great
live sure yeah I saw him on my 20th
birthday like I'm on in my teenage years
seanryan l saw a while ago he wasn't
young when I saw him though and that man
must have been fucking exhausted yeah
but he's still performing he still does
that same stuff the costumes I mean like
near the end he must have already been
exhausted but he puts on the full fat
suit yeah yeah every song is a fucking
costume change mm-hmm yeah it gives it
his own
people in China saying he still goes
crazy with his concert stupid yeah he's
still a high he still has that energy
that's very fast I'm gonna blind I'm
gonna blame it on him being vegan I must
say that has something to do and
straight it yep
he is a healthy man he's a healthy
healthy man son of a bitch I don't even
know if no he drinks coffee maybe I
don't know no meat was a Michael Jackson
impression right right
it was Weird Al impersonating Michael
check that's exactly what which he has
done no it started as just that was just
like a vegan voice it sounds like a like
a general but you know they turned into
a weird outfit so I just kept the boys
yo ding dong ding dong yo you don't know
man you're not fat
you don't know those early music videos
Michael Jackson likes Weird Al so much
he lent his sets to Weird Al
oh really and so for eat it and fat
those are the actual sets where my
profession oh I didn't know that shot
beat it and bad do you know who directed
the bad video I
rich do you know no I don't that's
Martin Scorsese really yep ah huh I
don't think he directed the fat video
though but we don't know can you imagine
like I think he gets a free pass now cuz
he's weird al' but like if someone did
fat now if that was like a modern
contemporary song people would be so
upset
yeah people would say this is
unacceptable
cuz we live in a horrible world a
wonderful world where doubt gets away
with it because it's been around for so
long and he's weird al' we're clearly
not mean-spirited in any way but that
song didn't exist and it just came into
being now people would be upset that
crime
everything's fine like 98% of them we
live in a wonderful world that's just
pull some tickets
fat wonderful like now I'm wondering if
like Weird Al receives like you know you
need to like I wonder what it because
also like Weird Al is like a genuinely
cool dude yeah like he's super nice and
good like I would love to hear what he
has to say as far as if anyone objects
to it now yeah yeah I don't know I
wonder if that's ever come up or if like
it's just like Weird Al has so much good
I think it's just that everybody likes
Weird Al's okay with it because nobody
dislikes Weird Al even if they're not
into his music you can't dislike him as
a person right he's like the greatest
guy ever so that's just the key it's
like if you want to you know say right
do horrible things you just need to be a
really great guy but so I mean there's
not a mean-spirited bone in his body and
it's been that song and there's nothing
mean-spirited about it but it's so often
now it's like intent doesn't even matter
sure context doesn't matter
it's like you know would would someone
not get away with it because of people
or would they be too afraid to do it and
that's why weird I'll get two passes
because he wasn't afraid well he had no
reason to be afraid people wouldn't have
gotten upset back then people didn't get
upset back though there's nothing to be
afraid of it's an innocent song that's
the saddest thing that night he found
out that day and he'd perform that night
cuz he's a professional because he's a
fan I'm assuming he wanted to keep his
mind off it for sure sure they died of
carbon monoxide poisoning oh they both
went at the same time I'm assuming it
was an accident and that's some kind of
suicide oh yeah no it was an accident
they just didn't have I guess the proper
you know carbon monoxide detectors in
their house or something somebody saying
you found out during the show during the
show okay
way to bring us down as always rich hey
you you guys started it you brought it
up just talking about a thing that
happens settle down that's what I get
for interacting with the chance things
that happen
that's all that matters is that we're
down is a great guy
J Windy City heats question mark what
does that mean anything - no okay that
doesn't mean anything to us I hope that
answers your question is that the Bobcat
Goldthwait thing that was unsubscribe I
think I saw that in the theater I would
have been pretty little but I think we
saw that in the theater was that like a
case where they couldn't get the rights
to mr. that's probably something like
that fucking we'll do our own talking
horse Bobcat Goldthwait I think John
Candy does the voice of the horse yep
Dabney Coleman's in it I'm pretty sure
he saw it in the theater and there's the
first and last time I ever saw it it was
probably like I don't know six seven I
don't know when that came out
I hit my chumps
mother
doing very calculated risk
calculated risk
dollars
sometimes I'm not good at good amount of
money hauling ass yeah okay
I'm comfortable with this amount of
money how did you lose six thousand
there she's got a multiplier like
missions going in a row at the bank not
in that respect there's multipliers as
far as like like if if you get a hundred
percent of the cash in the level there's
a multiplier if you kill all the bots
there's a multiplier and I haven't done
any of that there's an aptitude
multiplier
to remember what I'm working for when it
is space Kabul
well J was just working on something
very special today I'm working on it
right now technically that's true that's
true
spending time with us in between working
on stuff yes what's what's the cover
oh I don't even know yet EW I would
personally love to see a boat or style
where I have nothing we will see we'll
come up with something
for the actual movie the answer is
soonish question mark everything is in
the can it's just physically getting
shit name yeah
physically yeah we finished filming
yesterday I just started editing so J's
editing now what do you think 8 hours
I'm gonna say 2 days long do they seem
to edit a future couple days couple days
ok I guess that makes sense that's
really good
I mean we got like 4 hours worth of
footage right like I told you you didn't
need that much of movies only 90 minutes
I remember shooting camcorder movies as
a kid it was like whatever
we recorded on the camera that was the
movie yep in camera in camera editing is
the best
how long did it take to edit the light
bars light bars got a lot easier the
more I did obviously you you guys are
watching me also figure out how to do it
and as soon as I figured out a good way
to make sure that they kind of moved
properly with the car they went very
fast
I had a harder time with other effects
that I was doing is the polite way I
wasn't keeping track
I should have per billable hours yeah oh
great no good paying you two dollars per
shot okay regardless of the length of
the shot right two dollars per shot
that's perfect
are you ready screening players not at
the moment
but that could change nothing planned
thrown down that go now on space can't
be all for Christmas yes that is the
plan that's the goal it's essentially
out of our hands at this point
yeah obviously Jay needs to finish
editing I mean I'm gonna I'm gonna work
out a little bit tomorrow but I gotta
watch my stories I got a couple soldiers
that I have to catch up on so that takes
precedence of course but if I have a
little bit of time I might edit what's
your story of choice as the world turns
that's a great one is that still on
that's a great it is turned on for like
150 years classic
that's like like you like trying to be
like guiding light is that a soap opera
I think it is now I think it is I know
it's a show but I think it's a soap
opera days of our life these are alive
General Hospital these shows all still
on ice that was a soap opera at one
point there was one I don't think it's
on anymore I don't think it was like a
new ish one I mean some of those have
been on for decades sure it was a newish
one called passions which I don't think
it's out anymore but that one I did see
that every once in a while and it was
like insane it was almost like a parody
of a soap opera and I'm not sure how
aware they were of how silly it was sure
so it was kind of amazing remember eight
like in high school there was a real
there was a period of a couple months
where everyone was really into Days of
Our Lives high school in high school
like friend ears yes
that has to be good joke no it was a
real thing and they would talk about it
constantly and like if you were to be
cool you needed to be up on Days of Our
Lives this is the weirdest thing I've
ever heard and so Jack is either lying
or this explains a whole no this was a
real thing in high school and so I
watched a few episodes to try it you
know to be cool and there was no way I'm
the first person in the history of the
world to say I watched a few episodes of
Days of Our Lives to try to be good you
grub like Ottawa is it no this is after
the farm when we moved to the suburbs no
no don't
everyone thinks this is a Clown College
I'm apt to agree with you that was like
a gothic yeah but wasn't a soul pop I
don't know if it's technically
considered a soap opera okay maybe it is
I think technically it's a soap opera
trying to find out which soap opera
Barbara Crampton was a regular on
because our cramped infirmary animator
and from beyond whatever soap opera she
was on was the best soap bubble that's
because she's great but they can't find
it Oh The Young and the Restless Barbara
Crampton was on there so that it'll go
away after a time yeah if the cops or
someone just have to go and I was you
know that they were like the cool kids
and you were the geek and they were
picking on you like all the cool kids
watched Days of Our Lives can't you
watch it you could be cool like us
trying to remember
maybe we're having a breakthrough here
yeah like that wasn't part of like the
cool group running I didn't really have
like a solid group of friends and so
just like one smaller yeah they could
have been fucking also MC Lucas's a nice
job thank you I feel really good about
getting out of that situation someone in
the chat said you have edited porn
before is this true Jack lol I have not
anything porn before no the story is
that I tried to be a porn editor well
you know they were your ideas just too
extreme we can't publish this that's way
too weird even for us no you know as a
as a freelancer you did take whatever
job comes around and you know there was
a posting on one of the job boards for
editing and pornography and I gave him
my resume they never got back to me I
did have to think really hard whether or
not I wanted to edit pornography you
have too much experience being born oh I
can do that I can do this here's my
rieta of a deep dick
3 this is my collection of neighbor
videos sir we have to report you I mean
never mind
was this a company in Milwaukee I think
I think what it was it was like it was
they were like a start-up like they were
trying to be a porn company okay
and so like they'd already gone out of
business by the time you sent in your
that was probably around for less than a
date I think they just didn't know
anyone who edited video but like they
had access to you know goals or
something your strategy there that just
serves that so it's it's a little cheap
but you know it's it's what I'm gonna do
so I never actually officially edited a
corner and if I sound a little sad about
that there's good money important from
what I understand it really not a
startup company in Milwaukee but it
would have been an interesting life
experience how is there still money in
form
oh yeah I don't know how that works
generous dudes
well someone's gotta pay for it-- but I
love her so I have to give her money I
don't think there is as much money in
porn as their immense ones as you can
now get it anywhere for free and not
even like the illegal stuff you know
like torrent any of the illegal sites
but like just go to any website and
there are just women who are willing to
you know take pictures of themselves I
was reading somewhere about that
something about that where's like the
women who like you know there's a
there's a nudie part of Reddit okay
new I know nudie is like a weird way to
put it but this that's how I'm going
people just post like naked pictures of
themselves of themselves you know lady
here's my boobs right and then what
these ladies do is they set up like
Amazon wish lists and also people just
buy him shit so they'll show their goods
exactly
Wow and so in a racket it's so like
that's how they make their money or like
guys contact them and be like where this
specific outfit for X amount of dollars
and that's how the racket works now okay
I still can't imagine there's a lot of
money in it but now it's more
personalized the magazine day I guess
it's similar to like streaming services
then how it's like nobody people don't
have cable anymore they just get Netflix
and they signup for individual little
packages they want to like you know Hulu
or whatever yeah yeah democratization of
pornography so it's I would assume it's
similar for that yeah afraid we don't
slide down yeah that's that's and that's
why I like before when I thought I
didn't have bombs that's what I spent
money on hang on the wall up No
I have not stolen the devil's that
pessimists I have made it all 100 days
which is easy because you know even if
you die every single day you make it a
hundred days but and I've gotten pretty
far but I haven't even gotten to like
the final level yet I'm not a fairly
good run I've made a couple we've really
done mistakes
but
sometimes with controls or little ones
hey hey
play to play patrol it is no it's the
controls maybe maybe if you were using a
steam that's my problem is I'm not using
the steam controller you're absolutely
right
they threw me out because I said you
were right right when the game also said
like press right
okay great we did it okay
I feel I'm feeling good yeah if we could
make 3,000 more dollars we can move on
to the next level and we're only at day
86 so we're doing or 86 days remaining
we're doing great we're doing great
everybody how many levels are there
we'll check when I get to the area okay
well check what we're doing great we're
doing fantastic but you'll lose all that
money not all to see so there's the hall
and the bank you only lose the hall you
only lose the hall okay if you die in a
level eventually there's a casino level
and one of the things that can happen in
the casino level is they will start
siphoning money from your bank unless
you do a specific thing oh my god that
sounds horrible they have you yeah
this is just just the perfect game I've
been playing this on my feet a lot and
you know like you do you can do one
mission and it'll just last like five
minutes it's just the perfect it's the
perfect for a handheld device did we
talk about fallout for you yep no yeah
we talked about I missed that I mean
rich and I had some pretty controversial
ideas for is concern but I don't you
know it got a little heated so I don't
know if we can open that wound a fallout
4 wound so you know sorry you got it got
a stick around at the beginning of this
remix them yeah
as anyone in the last few streams asked
you about your thoughts both of you on
the jar jar binks Sith Lord Theory
somebody mentioned it was I haven't even
looked into the theory because to say
I'm because who cares I've never heard
so yeah what is the theory I I don't
know it's starting to worried like he's
the mastermind behind everything that
happens in the prequels I don't know
much about it because I don't care oh is
it tie in with the new movie they say I
don't assume that they've been gone that
far either way who cares that's the real
thing so just because like if your
question starts out with what do you
think about this fan theory the answer
most times will be who cares Jar Jar
Binks
I'm sorry yeah I think that's the real
thing is if if your query starts with
what do you think about charge up nope
there's no possible way that question
can end about I was gonna say that doing
anything with Jar Jar was the first
thing that Disney executives be told but
nobody suggested that in the first place
everyone knew better yeah yeah well even
George Lucas figured out that everybody
hated Jar Jar he's still in the second
and third but he's greatly diminished Oh
God right you know if if people didn't
have that backlash with episode 1 Jar
Jar would have been all over those
sequels yeah he had to still put him in
there cuz he established him but you
know he would have had a bigger part my
thoughts on the new Star Trek theory a
series RI I know nothing about it other
than the name of the guy behind mm-hmm
that's the guy that wrote the movies so
that's not a good size it's not a good
sign but it can't say much one way or
the other until I actually see something
about what they're going to do sure the
trailer would be nice yeah that would
give you some but that doesn't exist cuz
I haven't done anything
good show yet but against a mission
statement mission solution sounded agree
no nothing
control of Disney's of prequels out of
Cannon and restore the original trilogy
back to how of us I would love to see
the original trilogy restored there's
always rumors about that with Disney but
who knows but as far as like uncaring I
think the prequels just don't just
forget about the frequently they don't
need to do anything with the preview
sorry chef that's no that was my fault I
was dumb I wasn't paying attention and
now you're dead now I'm dead I mean it's
not a problem if you just never talked
about them yeah yeah yeah yeah they
happen to focus on what's now which is
nothing to do with them JJ's manhole I
wholeheartedly endorse you buying this
window I think it's only like 15 bucks
and yes this window is worth the price
if it's 15 bucks even if it's even if
it's 20 I think it's great it's a great
game I've been really having fun with it
so yes even though you just died even
they just failed horribly but that's the
thing that death was my fault
I see I I should have been paying more
attention to the path that guard was
taking and it wasn't so I deserved about
death and after the guard spotted me I
should have ran and I didn't my fault
Oh big dum-dum
but that's okay cuz I can learn
hopefully in a best of the worst type
situation which movie gets destroyed
episode 1 2 or 3 and they're probably
episode 2 - that was worse I will give
to its budget yeah it's up there one is
that like I don't I don't follow the
people that like it's like the prequels
they don't pay attention to their
comments very often but is even with
people that like the prequels is that
one considered the weakest and in
general I don't think so I think they
like that one the most because it really
was mindless action Oh God
oh yeah that's the big arena fight
Natalie yeah shows are made drift that
movie is two hours of couch boredom
followed by just utter nonsense yeah
cartoon work it is the worst thing
remember when the factory
oh that factory sequence I'm so bad it's
like a maze or something I wanted to
walk out only reason I didn't walk out
during episode 2 is because I had gotten
in free and it would have been extremely
rude but I was sitting there wishing I
could leave did I did I see episode 2 I
know we saw up so yeah great well yeah 3
was the famous laughter incident yeah I
remember who I saw - it them I don't
know why I saw two
I know I did see it and I remember it
blocked it from my brain trying to get
as much as you can hurt us have already
sucked
yeah I'm pretty fucked right now but I
can be slightly less blocked if I can
get some cash
because I'm super awesome don't get
cocky right famous laughter explain
everybody knows this story is not a
watching episode 3 and then the famous
Darth Vader no happened oh where is
Padme I just started laughing yeah you
know the rich Evans laughs the rich
Evans laughed this isn't a theater full
of people in a theater full of people
saying and I could not I I literally
laughed all the way through the Yoda
scene right afterwards could not stop
yes in in theater to be fair that part
is ridiculous
oh it's so bad yeah I remember people
like turning around and looking back at
us how do you people not hear this
perform I tell this story like every
other week what is this story in
specifically this story is also in a
video oh yeah it's in the United States
of No Oh although I'm not sure if that's
online anymore that might be one that
got overlooked with the blip thing oh I
have to look into this I don't remember
it's not just that video yeah you know
what I don't know if he's ever been like
a big
plus I'm assuming there's always new
people's are always new people rich
hmm
there you go
I don't know I just I feel like that's a
story I've told too much I didn't you
know what I didn't watch episode 3 until
like well after it came out oh yeah
after kids you know and this is the
story after episode 1 I was at episode 1
at midnight me and my friends dressed up
because we're super cool people and you
know everyone came out of episode 1 like
well yeah it's just the first one yeah
it was a lot yeah I was I was in denial
for a while oh those are the characters
were stuck with and they're all horrible
yeah super short but you know respect
the denial and and then you know you see
episode soon you just go okay we're done
and so it took me a long time to even
see episode 3 and after I did it was
just oh I hadn't I had no passion left
to laugh at them no I guess what I'm
saying now it's it's perfect it's like
the perfect punchline to a really long
joke I know is like the epitome of it
was like what at that entire series is
building towards somebody in the church
just said it's important why did you see
that movie in the theater in the first
place I was forced to oh yeah we saw we
were seeing it for free so it's like why
not yeah but even though even seeing it
for free Jam Mike came over to my place
Oh glamour go to see episode 3 and I'm
like no no I don't want to they had to
drag they basically dragged me to the
yeah I think that was the point where
like cuz Episode one you know super
excited and then it sucked so you're
disappointed episode 2 is like well this
is it that's what the series does so by
the time the third one came out I wasn't
even disappointed anymore just like
let's just go see how bad it is some
morbid curiosity at that point there was
no hope left in me that it would be you
know weirdy me or anything good so let's
just go see it let's see what happens I
see this dead and it was worth it for
the no sure
a new life
the rich aren't you glad to went to see
it for about ten minutes yes and we're
glad for about them for about 10 minutes
I brought you ten minutes of joy yep
no better than Episode two but the bar
is set pretty low sir I haven't watched
any of those movies and so I guess
there's no reason to right
i watch episode 1 like why she decide to
go I saw that they were like mic and
whatnot and I had to go with Karen oh
sure I've seen that twice I only I can't
say episode 2 and 3 I would have been
just once but I had to watch him the
second time just with mine
oh sure sure right and it's not just
like watching the movies because it's
like watching the movies and stopping
and going back watching it again and see
if we can figure out what's going on
sure you had to make o day out of watch
yes I can't even imagine I'm so sorry
more things that game like this computer
you see it's all going right and stuff
if I try to pack it it'll call the cops
let's try to save it for later but I'm
trying to clear it out so exactly and
like if there's this computer that's
open but that revolving Searchlight
problem you can but I don't I haven't
upgraded yet to take them out
oh that's an upgrade and so my plan is
to hack that computer to get caught by
the spotlight and then get the other one
at the other one on my way out but we're
gonna see if there's even another
computer that sounds the same we're
getting to the part of the game now
where you know as you see like just a
ton of different robots there's a ton of
like that robot has a shotgun gas
spewing robots if you see like the
little robot that's on fire he after you
hit him he like bursts flame that'll
kill you there's lots of things that
have killed
great
so who's John Williams is he got a score
like beside movies and no secondly is he
going to survive for all of the other
ones was he retired before this new one
he's up there I'm just like what do you
do if he dies you get someone else
anybody EFT I mean I I would say like if
they were smart they would say this is
his last one this is like a passing a
baton
maybe he works on it with another newer
composer and then that newer composer
takes over I don't know if that's what
they're planning anybody's up there I
don't know exactly that no and you know
any other side movies will probably have
their own yeah no you don't use a side
only the door and that that should be
purposeful you know they should be their
own I think that's the idea is that
they'll have a different tone yeah each
have a different thing going on which is
smart at least sent it you know it's
more Star Wars but at least it has a
different kind of vibe to that a hub is
that a hub it feels fresh I'd rather not
see five Star Wars movies every year but
that's not the world we live in anymore
any chance you could take the game music
down a few notches difficult to hear you
guys talking oh sure we can no one's
brought this up till just now
you know everybody speaker is different
you did one knotch
two notches thank you
what's their ensuing global volume and
music volume so like their sound effects
and usually like what should you do that
farm I thought global did oh let's
assume not okay I mean I still want
people to hear the game during lulls in
the conversation not like laughs in the
country yes we want to see we want them
to hear our lulls not lol's al
you ll u LZ understand so we want them
to hear our lulz and also hear something
when there are laws does that make sense
I get it great I'm glad you guys don't
get it like that that was a great loss
was a great example of Allah wow this is
so much better I didn't even know it was
a problem Oh lol that fixed nothing and
then by the way check this is why we
have a hard time doing anything yeah you
got someone saying oh my god this is
great perfect and then you have someone
going no difference at all so they go
there you go you fucks you tried this is
what we get for trying
hey hey what movies are you looking
forward to this year you're almost over
it's almost over I'm looking forward to
Creed yeah I want to see cream luck yeah
Creed that's pretty much it I don't know
the tray I I guess I don't know like a
younger audience but I mean you see the
trailer it's so informed by Rocky
yeah son of Apollo crew yes who rocky
will train yeah it's so weird like I
don't care about boxing at all right I I
love Rocky I mean the first movie is
it's about a guy who's a boxer it's not
a boxing movie right sequels that kind
of changes Rocky's just great movies
there's nothing there's nothing nothing
to be ashamed about with all the loving
all the Rocky movies for very different
reasons yeah yeah it's long as you
established for different reasons so the
fourth one is one of the dumbest things
ever but it's so funny so now I've just
bought the thing that will make me shut
off those spotlight things what else is
left to come out this year I mean
obviously Star Wars but right as I have
said I'm cautiously optimistic about
that I went Sam Mockingjay part 2 I
haven't seen any of those except the
first one and I thought the first one
was it was entertaining
I just haven't kept up if the new Star
Wars is great I'll be happy if the new
Star Wars is terrible I won't care yeah
you'll continue on yeah as normal yeah
that's kind of how I am I would like it
to be good but we'll see like I'd like
it to be good because I like good movies
I will say that about any literally any
movie yeah oh I would like to see a new
good Star Wars movie sure because we
haven't had one in a very very very very
time people are mentioning hateful eight
and oh yeah and what oh crap
Oh Krampus yeah okay yeah I guess
there's a lot to look forward to and
it's hateful eight come out December
pretty soon yeah yeah I'm looking
forward to that that's great I kind of
forgot that that was coming out but yeah
I still have to see django django is
good I know isn't like the sequel to
Django no it's just another western
which is weird because every movie he's
been doing it's been so different and
it's weird that he would do two westerns
in a row but if it's good then that'll
be the second good western starring Kurt
Russell to come out this year he's any
movie that came out recently called bone
tomahawk bone bone tomahawk which is a
Western with townsville battling savage
cannibals it's really good that sounds
really Richard Jenkins isn't it he's
really great in it
well the box from lost is in it I'm a
little bit disappointed I heard that
Cowboys vs. skeletons there's probably
better movie like that I don't think of
one but I'm sure it exists if only that
could be a real thing but know it's
there like these savage cannibals and uh
yeah it gets there's one kill towards
the end that is one of the most like
shockingly brutal things I've ever seen
no it's great hacking little things you
have seen well I mean I've seen I've
seen like schlock movies where there's
like excessive gore but this movie it's
it's very dry and very realistic so when
it happens and it's you know done
realistically and believably it has more
of an impact than something like Dead
Alive sure it's just like excessive gore

[Part III]
not saying it's called army of darkness
yeah cuz they're gonna only be one movie
about an army of skeletons and that's
you know it was that a Western cuz I'm
pretty sure it wasn't the Cowboys versus
skeletons is what we're talking about
there can't be too many movies about our
army of skeletons
no that says something about the age of
the people watching us though that they
would mention army of darkness before
jason and the argonauts yeah which I
read darkness would that exist if it was
a Jason to the organelles oh I got
caught again and I thought I could quick
get a yeah thing and there's a thing
that I can buy if I can get enough money
that was slows police reaction I really
just need to stop dying the consensus on
ash vs. Evil Dead is to get to the
stream server but yeah I would imagine
more often than not it's gonna be the
first thing discussed because it's the
most exciting thing it's the most
exciting thing to talk about right now
mmm-hmm it's very fun it's very fun you
know has some some minor flaws but it's
still at versus the other day
what I don't get are the people that are
like fixated on the flaws like about the
bad CG which there's a little bit of not
so much in the later two but the first
episode but like have you seen the Evil
Dead movies like I love them there's
some of my favorites but they're not
flawless movies by any means they all
have wonky effects oh yeah that's part
of their charm
I still like in general you can argue
that part of the charm though is that
they're bad practical effects I don't
know sure yeah no I I would prefer there
not be bad CG but it's not like a deal
breaker for me by any means and the only
time was really distracting was that
first episode I would still like in
general I think it would be a better
show if it were a little bit longer and
maybe that's just because I want more
but I was worried about that because I
know the first episode was longer and I
was like going into the second one is
like yeah but it's it's I think it might
be the perfect length because it leaves
you wanting more as opposed to feeling
kind of exhausted when it's over because
there's so much going on all the time
sure it's so like you know frantic I
know this is a popular opinion but you
know you're talking about not liking TV
again I I was thinking we almost need
more stuff with horror or characters
like her because I think I think to me
it's important to have normal people in
the series because if it's all actual
that's crazy well that's the two people
with Nash that's what Pablo and Kelly
they're a little bit goofy yeah well
they're not goofy they're they're
amusing characters but they're not like
you know they're not ash right I think
they balance him out pretty well I like
both of them to I think they're fun oh
yeah but I like I think we can all agree
that that the first scene with the cops
dealing with Deadites oh that's a great
scene was great and ended like Rich's
point of like more if we had more normal
people dealing with Deadites it would
make ash cooler
mm yes sorry - no that's fine that's
fine - okay I can see that I guess and
get all up in your biz there right it's
fine yeah well like I said my problem
with that cop lady is less what they're
trying to do with her and more the
execution of it so I don't know if this
goes away or if I died oh I really loved
on that last episode the little animated
sequence showing the history of the Book
of the Dead oh yeah it's a slightly more
elaborate version of the opening of Evil
Dead 2 but I love the animation style I
wish it was a little bit longer actually
no and you know like in the book that
was a very nice little subtle effect in
the book yeah it was cool as new agreed
no and I liked what they were going for
with the monster with like the glitch
NISS but you know like it was great when
the monster was in the circle and like
his body was kind of glitching but his
mistake yeah but then like later when he
was out of the circle and was like
teleport glitching it was just like yeah
that's that's why I've said earlier it
kind of felt videogame II to me like
something you'd see in a video again
yeah that was a little lame yeah it's
okay I like the board traditional
Deadites I loved first of all I loved
the fact that they cast Mimi Rogers Oh
Kelly's mom and the end to seeing her
playing this like horrible hag monster
was so great and then the very slow
decapitation with the chainsaw regular
did Ides get old after a while they
haven't yet and if they haven't
throughout the first three movies and if
they keep getting dispatched easily on a
weekly basis does that diminish them no
cuz that's ash I don't know I like that
they're shaking it up a little bit but
they did that would like army darkness
there's the sequence with the little
ashes and the skeletons and then like
the first episode they have that little
doll but attacked him they know how to
balance out the traditional Deadites
with new
weird shit I'm just like I like the dude
that new demon because it was a new
weird show Cheers
no I yeah I'm fine with I just I didn't
care for the demon itself I like the
third guy adding elements like that
that's a love and I'm not even sure why
all the like the classic like 70s rock
that's throughout the whole thing
because it's awesome I think it also
establishes that Ash hasn't really like
he's not done anything with his life in
the lies like whatever thirty years and
that kind of represents lat - he's like
stuck in the past
nice touch yes it's terrible to be stuck
in the era when music was still good I'm
driving rich here today and my new jam
comes on it's a brand new song by Chiara
pyaara pyaara the lady singer it's like
you know a little a little a little
electronic beat it's the one where she
takes know if she takes her singing from
the verse and it like cuts them together
to make the chorus it's super neat it's
a Kurdish song and you know like a rich
gets in my car and it's like oh rich my
new song is that listen to this and he
goes I'm very happy that you enjoy
something like this meat he's like I'm
really happy that song do I have to
apologize for that
no no it was just very funny the way the
way in which you are the way in which
you said it
it's not even really dating myself
because you know seven days is a bit
early for me you know I grew up in the
80s right right
how much would you willingly pay to own
the puppet used in elves Oh God
probably not budge I thought you're
gonna say like gremlins or sometimes I
would be interested in something that
you enjoy I've seen gremlins puppets
they have an age oh yeah they don't look
like they're in great shape well for
what I understand there's not much left
from the original movie like a lot of
that stuff just doesn't exist but
there's a fair number of ones from
gremlins 2 which would make sense cuz
they had to build so many of them but I
don't know if anything from the first
movie exists the original puppet
I would pay like up to $100 that's it I
can't imagine there's much of a demand
for it so I doubt it would go much
higher than a couple hundred bucks
now I would love some sort of original
gremlins puppet not necessarily from the
first movie I would go for the second
one too I actually like them more in the
second one with the design work but two
cartoon but then again that's the movie
there's a crudeness to him in the first
movie because there's a lower budget but
don't tone-wise my preferences women
sure but not I'm not talk about the
movies themselves but as far as like the
whelk of the creatures - you would go
with the large part of that those I just
love the first fucking gremlins oh sure
I might might not be the most objective
I would even be willing to spend a
decent chunk of change on a Ghoulies
puppet oh that would be where would em
though I wouldn't go any lower than that
no critters critters are pretty
cool-looking I would I would love a
critter I would love to play we're just
right right when I was a kid I always
wanted a critter puppet they wouldn't
they would advertise them in Fangoria
magazine you could buy it but they were
they were expensive if I remember right
or maybe they just seemed expensive to a
thirteen-year-old kid I don't know but
but not they weren't like the actual
props from the movies they were like
replica puppets you could order I would
still want
oh sure yeah yeah critters I'm not a
huge fan of that series I liked the
first movie the second ones okay but I
just like the critters as characters
like the design is neat yeah see this
little robot with the brain I want to
say it one time I did find online a
puppet from Ghoulies three Ghoulies go
to college for sale for like three grand
yeah just at that unreasonable very
different I I would be willing to spend
well I have a soft spot for Ghoulies go
to college right that was a big movie to
me as a little kid so I three grand is
not that bad we have very different
ideas of what's reasonable for something
that I love like 3004 you know anything
yeah I have an oh okay a decade-old
maybe which one is it evil dead
regeneration okay
it's very mindless you just kind of run
around and shoot things and chainsaw
effects oh good what's the problem it's
not a deep experience in horror
I wouldn't expect it to be but I do know
it's some point in the game for one
Bruce Campbell does the voice okay
that's important yep then Ted Raimi
plays his undead midget sidekick so I
have that just so you know okay
you mentioned wanting an Evil Dead game
at some point sure
well I get bored of video games after
like 20 minutes so that's the perfect
game for me mindless you're on around
and do some things for a little bit and
then I'm done do some Evil Dead things
yeah you got a stream it yeah yeah I'm
just done I just brought this game up
for no reason
come on guys if you could just take five
minutes and get with the fucking program
get on the trolley
get on that trolley everybody
there's a whole trolley here and we're
gonna ask that you get on it
how's your trolley going oh it's getting
there I'm getting on that trolley right
Jay leaves periodically to check on his trolley
the whole thing I've seen this
question like 10 times tonight I'm just
gonna get it out of the way now so I
don't have to see it again
great j-jack and rich if you were in
charge of teaching an alien race about
you and empathy how would you teach
empathy to the aliens I don't know
that's yeah
that's the answer rich you're great
waited all night for that
like what are we supposed to say when
somebody's just so we've had deep
philosophical thoughts in the past about
how we would teach an alien race if an
alien race doesn't understand empathy
they're not gonna be able to teach it to
them it's just not gonna work also like
if they don't understand anything we're
fucked a lot yeah we're not gonna be
teaching them anything they're just
going to be eating us oh no oh I'm
failing a lot no cuz I forgot I had a
thing rich how much would you pay to
erase all memory of Mass Effect nothing
because if I didn't remember it I might
fall into the trap and play it oh good
answer
thank you thank you that's pretty deep
that's pretty deep man
you're doing it you doing the deepness
all of our experiences are what make us
who we are you don't want to race any of
those Michelle gondry made a whole movie
about this it's called be kind rewind
be kinder like you
rich how would you solve the economic
crisis globally could you give a
specific examples oh it's this question
again every five minutes he's weird
here's here's my experience because I
have children and like I have to I'm in
charge of teaching them empathy so they
don't go around murdering people that's
the hope as a parent is that your
children don't go around murdering
people and you know it's it's it's all
about like what if this happened to you
could you imagine if this happened to
you right but that's not something you
can teach to like a dog sure so if we
assume that aliens are like dogs which i
think is a great assumption then the
answer is if they don't know empathy you
can't teach it to them right yeah right
so there's no way to teach empathy how
would you teach empathy to a dog we
don't maybe a cat would be a better
comparison yeah there's no empathy from
cats they're the worst
dogs have empathy because they're social
animals yeah cat cats are just assholes
yes I understand your point an animal
well now we're getting somewhere now
we're playing with power now I'm now I'm
doing I'm actually playing with goddamn
game instead of just dying over and over
and over again now you're doing what
Nintendo not you're being helped it tgd
Phoenix's actually animals have mirror
neurons and you're able to teach them
empathy let's teach you Phoenix it might
spike your ass no not the spikes don't
spike my ass
I use it to sit
do it do it read them make it happen
rich you're making it happen we left off
at humberto Cabbage Patch Emily
no we did that's Bart Simpson sorry
sergeant Benson we did that yeah we did
start dancing favorite customer splits
limits
yes SPL I am is Emory 801 Artemus strong
base nine Wario never wealthy always
rich hence a frosh scantron the immortal
bless our drugs
Jack you Skrillex piss app scruggs
Skrillex eepa Zen there's an eye in
there might be silent who knows who
knows
mr. glitch Genghis Borgnine urban ramen
do-hickey too fleshy patch Crips a lot
baby Slayer one five six l met Ron 106
grand off the rocket League Slayer of
Jack I remember correctly this end specs
poor thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do it's really true
we really do
you know triggers as well let's get some
of those yes that's great
that's great that was a great idea
that's a great idea rich can totally say
horrible things to Jack and flame the
month of Jack names he made up that's
true I could but I did not know that's
just someone's jet name that's weird
that's why I don't know how that
happened
Jack you horrible come Jack get your
fingers out of your ass thank you for
subscribing I don't I don't have it in
me to do that almost say you like really
hate the person then I would not even
for comedy rich that seems a bit low
okay that seems a bit low I worry I
worry I pick on you too much for you
sure well yeah well then you know what
then you just need to worry about the
joke getting old that's different yeah
I'm used off I've used off on on teasing
you yeah I think I think you you don't
like joke you know you don't want it to
seem like it's genuinely very
mean-spirited either right
I think you've inspired there's another
saying everybody make those names now oh
darn they'll give us $5 it's rich
everybody at rlm shits on you all the
time in videos you notice Jack has never
done that that's that is Mike and Jays
been mostly Mike mostly that is mostly
Mike spit I do try to stay away from
that yes
rich please be mean spirit about pokiman
yeah Pokemon's not a person I got no
fucks about oh yeah rich will talk
sounds a shit about Pokemon
nothing but shit about Pokemon
but what are my thoughts on pokemons
yeah I destroyed it just by hitting a
yep broke the game we learned a valuable
lesson about Pokemon that day I think I
learned a valuable lesson about Pokemon
that day which was apparently a lot of
the game involved the player having to
believe that certain things are true
about the game which thoughts on neopets
neopets is what I think you're referring
to fucking great art project a fictional
genetically engineered pet sold at a
blister pack heavily implied to have
human DNA spliced into it what's a
blister pack like like the thing action
figures come in what it's it's
somebody's artsy fartsy art project
there's a website for Neopets if that's
if that's unless I'm getting the name
wrong and you're referring to something
else which is possible but I thought
that was like Tamagotchis no this is
something that doesn't actually exist as
a real problem okay some some artists
made a relatively leave realistic
looking like animal human hybrid kind of
like part dogbert baby looking thing
alright and then it's eyes are shut it's
like strapped with like this twist ties
and some kinda like like card like an
action figure would come in with like a
plastic thing over it oh my god this
sounds horny old Pat okay and and it's
like a pet you buy and once you've
removed for the packaging and like you
know anything about to worry about
feeding it lifts along and they just die
and and something on the website kind of
implies subtly that there's there's
human DNA in there sure man
that is very funny
that's not a neo pet when I weigh it's
something it's something this is
actually Rich's art project that he's
been designed to get published there's a
fake website for it and now I'm sad I
don't remember the name but it's one of
those things that dumb people thought
was real sure I mean it sounds great
now I got to find out what those things
were fucking call
yeah
Oh riches Madeline no I'm I'm you know
what I'm doing busting out my new fancy
phone damn I have a phone that can do
internet now and we're all very scared
yeah yeah Karen got it to me for my
birthday she got a they had like a fire
sale on the Kindle Fire
they're like dirt cheap now because they
went over like like a wet fart again
yeah it's crazy everything we knew about
rich
what were those call dammit
I have to find it now
I love the fact that you're looking this
up for real it's great I applaud you for
doing some research into Neopets or
whatever I think it neo pet is a
tamagotchi thing okay
did you find out what Emil Penny's I
don't care you have something else you
want to talk about - ah Jen bets
gentlemen the champ found it
bioengineered buddies yeah Jack this is
the gem Ted oh my god that's horrifying
I'm supposed to be I love it I love it
well everyone everyone in the chat you
enjoyed Jen pets except if I can find
out with my new friend and phone what a
fucking meal yeah if I know what a meal
better that is
I'm sure pet yes sounds retarded it's a
virtual pet rich it's nowhere near as
cool as Jen pets
agreed
you different character now yeah cuz I
died and every time you die you get a
randomly generated character look like
nuki mango folks
is this a real thing you can buy no it's
a fake oh it's like a fake site yeah
ah okay that's cool
Oh
so what's new how about them how about
them Packers today oh what a game that
was yeah the last two weeks of nap and
Murray how did they eat it today it was
close but they didn't win Jay how are
you on new key tapes oh we just need a
couple more and then we'll be ready to
go and then then everything will be in
place yeah great just a couple more yeah
if it gets all thugs mannequins old I am
of the opinion that that does never get
all by my love why would I get it's the
truth why would it get old we just
needed a couple more you know Jay you
have a really what's the issue what's
there to get old these people would get
on the ball and just guess the last
couple that we need and we wouldn't have
to keep answering this question honestly
folks it's been a while since we've
gotten any new key tapes it has been a
while yeah and practice something more
important how did Mike take the Packers
loss
I have not talked about okay oh you just
died I hit it I hear you hit the died
button I think you need a gin pen
neither flipper
so I had some free time that's free time
on Saturday okay that was very exciting
about and I spent most of Saturday
morning attempting look Nam ll Pickens
she has a fanciful hat I spent most of
the morning attempting to get into Dark
Souls 2 a game rich and I played a
little bit on streaming a bit ago and we
were big fans of blood-borne and we
played a couple other of their games oh
you know like blood-borne some DLC is
coming out soon
what are the yellow bars coming off of
the people that's that's what that's the
only thing they can see oh okay is if
you are in that yellow bar fortunately
they made a giant bright glowing light
but you know it's very convenient
yeah it's very convenient if you are a
thief I like his hat I believe this
might be a her or I don't know it could
be I think it's I think there's like a
orange beard maybe if I don't die we can
get a closer look
misty might be like a like a like a
handkerchief okay but I was trying to
get into Dark Souls 2 because you know
like the expansion for blood-borne comes
out soon and I just wanted to yeah I
just needed a placeholder for blood
before
comes out before the dlc comes out and I
just didn't like it
lots of people don't like Dark Souls - I
think I think that's the the black sheep
I'm sure many of the dark do some
software family okay well and you know
it's it's all the same combat so I you
know I know that's not the problem
I put your finger on what the problem is
I think the problem is world yeah I
loved that horror world of blood-borne
and it's hard for me to get into the
different world
I was thinking the world well enough
when we played Dark Souls 1 you were
into it ok I've played much of the
second one that's you know it's just too
different for me it's not the thing I
want Dark Souls 2 according to me
believable wasn't directed by the
creator of Souls and blood-borne like I
got it I got a few hours in you know
like I gave it a chance cuz obviously
you know it's art it's it's it's a from
software game so it's gonna be hard and
I knew that so I wanted to give it a
real chance but just wasn't I wasn't
feeling it and I guess I assumed world
but it could just be that it was a
different director mr. glitch says
blood-borne has been kicking my ass so
much I haven't wanted to play it much
many suggestions for getting into it
more you gotta you gotta get over they
just got to get over that hump take it
it's always gonna be hard you're always
gonna die a lot yeah but you gotta you
gotta get over that hump because I know
the first level seems overwhelming at
first but I can get through that section
fairly easily right now and I sucked
once upon a time yeah you know and you
just have to enjoy the art you just have
to like make in the monsters embrace
hit-and-run tactics yeah don't be afraid
to be a coward don't be afraid to be a
coward don't be afraid to back off when
you need to yeah like like like charge
up a heavy attack and then hit them just
when they're in rain
back off and then run away our way like
the little little man you are then you
level up
can I get a good weapon the big holy
blades pretty neat and then start
kicking ass yeah yeah there's a couple
until you meet harder enemies did you
get your ass kicked again
but it's nice going through those early
sections yeah once you've upgraded
yourself a bit but I think like the
world had so much to do with what
carried me over that game you know like
just digging all the horror diggin the
monsters digging the environments maybe
I maybe I'll play maybe I'll play some
more blood-borne yeah I mean I don't
think we should kick yeah I'm thinking
you're always on a vanquish kick oh wow
let's go well okay and thinking maybe
I'll try maybe I'll try it up death
threat advantage at some point oh my
lord
maybe I'll try screaming I've never
pulled it off like when I when I when I
when I did the no death run out of dead
rising on scream I had done that in real
life like years prior okay I never done
it perfect like I did that night sure
but you know was it was doable languish
I don't have that that security in my
ability to do it
then I'm down I'm interested
if I played Metal Gear Rising
revengeance I have it haven't gotten
running same people who made damage oh
okay
revengeance revengeance he plays that
that bitch from the second game where
they made a robot ninja because it was
the only way they could make them cool
ridin whatever raiden raiden ridin l l o
rickets this is a lady that's that's a
hankie rickets wha Oh that over there is
that L o rickets blood-borne Oh death
run a possibility not by me
I know like when you were really into it
you had talked about doing a no no soul
no lost souls which or you know
blood-borne echoes I carry to run like
that fairly deep but it's not ever gonna
happen I'm never gonna happen this rich
ever going to play more thief or thief -
um here's the thing with the thief - I
think when I when I do sit down to just
flat-out replay the series I don't want
the distraction I'm just I'm gonna want
to reacquaint myself with the series
that's if I'm gonna stream it you know
what rich there are some games that are
just you games yeah and that's okay
that's it that's a just a rich game you
streamed that once right happy I'm not
saying it'll never happen
hmm I I like beef they do
but yeah there are some and I think
that's important because we do the show
and we stream so much it's important
just to have a game that's that's just
for you like this is just the game that
I play to have fun
agreed have I played dishonored yet I
tried playing dishonor back with my
computer with shit I got like 20 frames
a second out of it and I just haven't
gotten around to it since getting the
new PC that's another one though when I
play that I'm gonna want to get absorbed
into the world I'm not gonna want the
distraction of streaming I'm sorry Dead
Rising 2 no death run right now I got
vanquish on the brain not saying that'll
never happen
sure but right now vanquish is on the
brain the brain wants what it was rich
you could do a silent no commentary solo
stream question mark I've done that
before and people hated it like why are
you talking what's going on I said I did
that I did that with with Batman Arkham
Asylum once yeah III wasn't talking I
don't remember what my reason for not
turning the audio was it was like I was
waiting for you oh like there's like
hours early yeah fucker I'm gonna play
Batman and then I'll stream it yeah I
won't turn on the microphone I think
we're just pissed that there was no
there was no audio sure from me
and people get used to that even if it's
just as simple as you know like
breathing noises and grunts adventure
games I'm sure we'll do more adventure
games than sometimes oh yeah we always
like that especially text adventure
games we can do places that's always fun
actually you know what I do want to uh I
would I would like to play more of that
uh that we were not supposed to kill
people
Oh undercount undertale I do want to
play more undertale I'd like to get a
little further than that I had a lot of
people were asking by that one only your
name oh yeah yeah I want to see more
undertale good yeah I want to see more
on the field too and I don't know how
far we got but I really enjoyed
undertale so I would like to play ghosts
and goblins no death runner never gonna
happen
I I did buy just a beaut just abusing
the fuck out of safe States in an
emulator mmm I did beets ghosts and
goblins like the second time around even
to get the real ending and I I took a
screen grab of it it's in my it's
actually in my wallpaper somewhere
that's safe for all time my upset that
Neil blow camps alien 5 has been
cancelled for one I didn't know that it
was canceled no whatever I've had my
fill of the aliens franchise I think
yeah yeah
after prometheus
aliens great movie if you're counting
for me whew
I don't know that it needs a direct
sequel this is just a great movie yeah
and I'm not oh no what it counts I gotta
be I get be honest I can't shut up
previous I haven't even seen it
oh yeah I haven't Karen up soon yeah I
suppose you know I I like I like me a
Blomkamp as a director I haven't seen
chappie but I enjoyed everyone enjoyed
district time and I even enjoyed Elysium
even though it was a little heavy-handed
with the social commentary hmm but uh it
would have been fun to see him do an
alien movie Neil Blomkamp's aliens got
canceled I'm okay with that
no gave them you didn't like chappie
right no yeah I didn't see it but you
haven't seen it illicium I have not seen
illicium yeah well somebody else is
setting up that it's only been postponed
or whatever it'll be cancelled it was
weird to begin with it they were doing -
alien related movies at the same time
and it makes sense that Ridley Scott's
wins out because it's really Scott I
don't know well but as far as the Alien
franchise oh he has a stronger staking
of the neill blomkamp 13 Marvel movies a
year and they're gonna make 15 Star Wars
movie that's true that's true but that's
a more popular franchise that's the
interesting thing about the alien movies
is they've never been a huge franchise
the only one that was like a big
blockbuster was aliens you're not saying
a facecam of us because we're never
going to do it ever again just because
we didn't do it this once there's
absolutely no other reason there's no
face cam except for the fact that we've
just decided against it for no good
reason no it's because we're never doing
it again
then they just changed the name of
Ridley Scott's alien movie again I was
like it was prometheus - and then they
changed its a alien Paradise Lost or
something stupid
ilithyia's well don't well you know now
it's alien - something else but it was I
want to say that it was alien paradise
laws which is stupid no I'm like
Prometheus maybe I better call my alien
movie alien might be a little on the
nose Thanks
what do I know I'm just there in time
work oh my god I'm sure she's not a
Whore fuck mr. Shaw I'll probably do
that again at some point
yep what the I hope so I hope so too
this isn't that we're bringing up no but
since I have to know is as we verify a
maximum of death stream again a little
once I got about halfway through the
game and I just did something stupid
I didn't think all that was worth
talking about nope but now it's time to
no you didn't have to do this you had to
you had to fuck I'm so sorry
I like the Ella Ricketts we all play
worst horror screaming I know what
happens it just happens it just happens
so it's been it's also been a couple
hours I'm getting a little getting a
little fatigued no that's why when I did
the the Dead Rising no different I
wasn't talking much for a reason yeah
it's really true how much just talking
just gibbering can can affect your
gameplay
if peddled around with the invisible ink
expansion yet not yet I'm going to it
I'm totally going to you're gonna Pitt
oh my god right
J thanks for recommending killer POV oh
yeah it's great it's a great podcast
Jake what was Cannon Films best movie
like genuinely good you know I actually
liked that movie really yes
oh god crazy person I hate I hate
cartoon he-man and movie he-man is
nothing like cartoon even know it's
dumber that messes the universe movies
dumb
Dolph Lundgren should not be the lead
and Prince Adam and a scaredy-cat
I'm not saying he man's good at all I
just say that ruby sucks that movies
dumb best can movi you know they did
some actually good movies and I'm trying
to think of what they are I like Texas
Chainsaw Massacre to quite a bit real
you know no I like that movie a lot um
what's a cannon weed is good they did
some and I can't think of him right now
that aren't just like complete schlong
she's so I guess the answer is masters
of the universe by default ah
Wow who'd have thought sex teens I'm
asked her to is a better movie than but
Masters of the Universe I'm gonna look
up Cannon Films cuz I know there's
something in there but that like is in
my brain somewhere that I can't think of
when we play keep talking and nobody
explodes again oh that was fun maybe we
were getting too good at it near the end
maybe if they've released like a new
like full set more complicated rule set
yeah you know we got to the point where
we just knew where to look for
everything and that kind of I kind of
ruins the
looking through the canon films list
here Oh Superman for of course this
thing we're getting to good because we
weren't trying the harder bombs we were
doing them in order we were doing life
force somebody's saying life force they
may oh man life force is pretty I mean
it's special life or late like force
this is special movie
it's one of their like most epic I mean
it looks like a pretty big budget movie
I know I think about life worse is that
it's like five different movies so if
you don't like one in 20 minutes it's
just gonna be a different movie anyway I
don't think I recall life was good but
it's incredibly entertaining agreed it's
it's special my force is special life
force was a movie where I saw it I don't
say five years ago I saw it again
because that's not on solder ages ago
sure and it was holy shit that's
Patrick's oh yeah Patrick Stewart making
out with another dude cuz he's possessed
by the spirit of the naked vampire woman
spoilers everyone should see life force
spoilers everyone should see life force
yes I think I'm looking through their
list I think I'm gonna stick with Texas
Chainsaw Massacre - I legitimately like
that movie I'm not seeing else any
anything else in here you know at one
time Cannon Films was gonna make a
spider-man movie yep they have the
rights to spider-man for a little James
Cameron did this from treatment for it
really yes Oh who's gonna direct it I
think tobe Hooper James Cameron was
gonna direct it yes well then after he
lopped it then cuz there was I want to
say it's tobe Hooper was what I saw that
was slated direct cuz cannon films had a
thing for tobe Hooper he made life force
with them and Texas Chainsaw Massacre -
that was back in the period where tobe
Hooper was making movies worth watch
it wasn't a very long period but he
didn't he did for a little while what
else did he make well he did the
original Texas Chainsaw Massacre was
just one of the best movies and then
text Chainsaw Massacre - and life force
and a lot of bad shit after that he
didn't Vader's from Mars which is not
very good he did the Mangler do you
remember the Mangler from the 90s Robert
Englund was in it oh god he did a lot of
like shitty direct-to-video stuff sure
more bad than good
that tobe Hooper which is a shame
because
Sakas Chainsaw Massacre is such a like
brilliantly made movie kernel rich
mustard Jack playing the original XCOM
could only end badly
that could only end badly Oh for real Z
not fun bad no every everyone would hate
it
nothing would suck everything would be
terrible you would be miserable you
would enjoy it yep everything would be
terrible if I play the original ex-cop
yes yes Mystery Science Theater 3000
it's the best it's nice there do Pete do
people that I get it that we don't want
it and that's not even a hate thing it's
just no I like the ones I've watched I
just haven't seen a whole lot of them
it's a product we don't need we'd write
our own jokes that's kind of what we do
and I get it like that's why people are
confused like shut up Mike I'm trying to
your Joel's right
I like that shut up Mike I'm trying to
gauge oh it's true
don't fucking on the other side okay
okay
I'm Han now hey get out have a good
night everybody bye bye James thanks for
stopping by
yeah you know I'd say you have a good
night okay well now great how you doing
jack
how are you doing I'm very used to this
game in small chunks like this is you
know like if I if I have a free you know
ten minutes I'll pick up this game on
the Vita mmm
and so playing it for the few hours that
I've been playing it has definitely been
a tiring it's a little fatiguing yes how
much is this game and where can people
find it I want to say it's $15 it's on
Steam I mean it's probably any place
that you normally buy games it's on
Steam I'm sure it's on the other ones
humble bundle or GOG or whatever I have
it on ps4 and Vita and if you buy it on
the ps4 you automatically buy a copy on
your Vita which is why I really like it
so what is what is a great Vita game
what the fuck is on your head it's like
a hair it's like her hair is tied up
this is Samantha Don Urton as you see
she's got like a hair thing on her head
it's like it's like hair
toad decimals cge
1-1 3-8 and scoot may halt thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we super do it's true we super
do you unplug the power from it should
be a big deal
nothing's nothing Bad's gonna happen
