Feb 11, 2015
Metroid Prime, Luigi's Mansion
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3808673, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMhWJsbvHgI
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3808679, https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3813417, https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3813428, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpS_PA4sHiM
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3824944, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lM8t1wHG3dg
2:22pm: "We are streaming tonight. 7:30pmCST-ish. Maybe more Metroid Prime... maybe some Orcs must Die... maybe some of both." (archive.vn/vNJbu)
4:43pm: "HEADS UP: we're pushing the stream back to an 8:30pmCST-ish hack & a half." (archive.vn/C6mgl)
8:33pm: "More Metroid Prime" (archive.vn/Cmqj0)

[Part I]
it's the word V Jack now I'm not sure if
you've started or not no that was the
word they were okay so we should we have
just started okay have just started rich
here it is our first official sound
tests I thought you have done sound test
oh you mean the the confirmation from
the chapter test yeah I can't even read
the mom's and rubs that mask the pain
Cermak your husband into details
infinite oh my god thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
stop scrolling chat I can't read these
names if you keep scrolling uh-oh I
can't do it okay every time I scroll up
the screen Scrolls back down okay what
do I stop what did you get what did you
get the marital sheep yeah the material
to material sheep dock horror mister
8:00 a.m. Bork fanned balk fanned that
twerp ice bone badger Wigga bert inc l'm
vanessa navigator Rick Mick Berman Rick
McDormand 69 Ivan coat or beef meat slab
that's a good one I like that
Biff meat slab do you like big mr. buck
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciated holy crap you guys Wow holy
crap that was that was a ton that was a
ton of streamer a ton of subscribers
right away there's like automatically
like go through when the chat starts
like you know does that was that like a
thing that could be Kay's 87 thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
everybody we appreciate all of that
we really do it just like it went by way
too fast oh yeah to get like same
individual times months names but but we
really really do appreciate it so yeah
we're doing to horde of people thank you
horde hold on I need to do our tweet our
official wrong shark spear thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
seven of barb nine thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it I'm
sure there will be spider-man talk I'm
sure there will there will be spider-man
talking you don't worry about spider-man
talk Kato dare jr. is that right Jun you
engage weren't you hungry
whatever hit dude there's you one Gary
thank you for subscribing and I
apologize for mangling your name 100
percent 100 percent apologize almost
forgot well I didn't forget to tweet I
was tweeting I don't you know like I
never want to tweet before we start
because sometimes we have issues
sometimes we have issues starting on
time like with technical problems and so
I always want to wait until we're
streaming to tweet
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter rich
so yeah yeah spider that do you want to
talk about spider-man is this what we're
talking about
oh yeah was a good good thing to start
with his name we're both spider-man fans
and that's I suppose that's big
spider-man news big spider-man news yeah
that's fine my dear mrs. it's fine
what's fine that he's there's gonna be a
Marvel spider-man movie now uh where do
where do you start with this topic well
I first you have to give the news for
any that's probably a smart thing to do
Jack thank you thank you for that for
anybody who doesn't know oh my lord
Sony has granted Marvel permission to
make a spider-man movie and vice versa
invited vice versa and vice versa
how's that vice versa what what does
Marvel give up I don't think they gave
up anything you know one to shame
alright yeah alright I forgot what I
have to do it do I have my bun No
hold on rich I need to figure out what
where I want to go home a conversation
about something of you stopping to look
at buttons not buttons I just have to
remember what I have to do I forgotten
what I have to do and where I have to go
because I I was playing this on Sunday
talk about spider-man you fuck oh sorry
no I will I will I swear I will
no I was playing this on Sunday and then
I died and and I realized it had been a
while since I saved okay so you're
catching up to thanks
and so I have to some catching up the
things and so like I have to redo a
bunch of stuff thank you for subscribing
eight months in a row we really
appreciate that it's true okay so anyway
you're right Marvel is not giving up any
Marvel is is being granted the use of
spider-man in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe no money even exchanged hands
right right
Marvel what the fuck is going on over
it's Sony well Sony you know has are
they are they desperate
Sony had a slew of bad PR recently oh I
know they did and I know that last part
my movie was terrible
most of both of the last two both of the
last two were terrible and more more
importantly the second part the the
sequel to the Sony spider-man movie did
not make it as much money yeah and so
sony sony is now scrambling for a
lifesaver at least at least they're
smart enough to realize they don't know
what they're doing yeah if I give Sony
that much credit right so they're just
they're gonna let model kind of have
spider-man back I don't know like what
the fiscal arrangement is like is Sony
still putting up the money for the movie
and so let me send it to the prophets
according to the Marvel blog Sony is
still paying for and distributing the
movie but along with this deal Marvel
gets to use spider-man in their movies
like smart so spider-man can be a
character in their movies this does
Marvel get any kind of cut from those
movies
no no they get no cut from most movies
and Sony gets no cut from like like
let's say for example spider-man appears
in an Avengers movie right then Sony
would get no cut of that I'm sure I'm
sure Marvel cares about having
spider-man appear in the Marvel owned
movies like Avengers right well Marvel
really doesn't get much out of producing
a spider-man movie if sony's get to see
all the profits I have to imagine Marvel
sees some of that
if they make you know a standalone
spider-man movie I mean they might
they'd have to cuz I you know if I were
Marvel I wouldn't want to spend time
producing a movie just kid no profit
sure sure what what I mean Marvel movies
make a ton of money they don't need to
do some you know like work-for-hire
dollars and produce the move notes trick
the movie no no I I'm gonna make I'm
gonna make Iron Man for make a shitload
of money right so I have to imagine
Marvel gets some cut of the box office
for a new spider-man movie
it's like Sony is giving this up and
they're getting like relatively little
in return I'd imagine other than not
tanking the franchise I'm happy about I
guess
yes I don't know I don't know if I have
a better answer than yes as as far as
what Marvel does with spider-man I know
there's been a lot of talk about doing
the listening Miles Morales version the
black spider-man guy did the new
ultimate spider-man oh no I don't even
know about the new ultimate spider-man
that shows you how in touch was fight
with modern-day spider-man yeah lots
lots of people want to see the black
version of spider-man the Miles Morales
sure my here's what here's my here's my
opinion on them okay yeah I'm ready for
your opinion I grew up with Peter Parker
yeah I I was a young nerd Peter Parker
was a young nerd that's that's the
character I grew up with and idolized if
it's not Peter Parker I don't give a
shit who's Peter Parker is the character
I care about now I've never read any of
the new ultimate spider-man a lot of
people seem to like Miles Morales hmm
I'm sure he's a fine character and if
they want to go that route more power to
them sure but it's like me personally I
don't care I have no stake in that
particular version of spider ha ha sure
sure yes they do it if they do it it
doesn't bother me but I don't give a
fuck but it's just not it's not like
your tracker is the character I love
right and so then the question is who
are they trying to get to watch the
movie are they trying to get you or are
they trying to get everyone else
why don't I don't even know if they're
going to do that it's just this is some
like online rumors well they should do
that you know that kind of thing
oh sure as far as you know if they do go
with Peter Parker it's like you know I
don't know that people want to see the
origin a third time they can't do the
origin again no one cares about the
origin and they don't need to do the
origin I'm not saying I want to see the
origin again but is it weird to have
like a a new version of spider-man
without going over that territory at
least at least in like a detailed
flashback I don't know a hundred percent
not I mean you know like you can allude
to it you could do a flashback but
listen we are now as a movie-going
audience we are acclimated to the
superhero genre you know we understand
that people because that's that was the
biggest reason for the origin story is
people just comprehending what the heck
a superpower is right general
movie-going audiences weren't down with
just superpowers in general and so now
everyone is cool with superpowers we
don't need it anymore it's not
superpowers
it's not about getting the powers it's
about that origin story with Uncle Ben
and the responsibilities and the plot
twist that is the probably the single
mother to single I'm not saying it's not
single anymore it's one of the two
iconic spider-man stories that there's
an ethic when Stacey Wright yeah it's so
weird just have a version of spider-man
where you don't get that whole power and
responsibility Uncle Ben bit but you
there's a way to heared there's a way to
do it without it being an origin story
like you said with flashbacks or with
you know just general eluding there's a
way to do it smart and there's a way to
do it classy where you no longer have to
worry about that being the plaintiff
that's just characterization that's just
build-up and I like that more I want
that more all this one's kind of sweet
Jack what April I love you thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it okay
all right why is that kind of sweet I
love them Esther their name okay they've
managed to rig it so rich Evans reads
aloud April I love you okay that's gonna
need okay you what do you know you hate
public displays of affection monster I
really do you were a monster that's
that's also true
I'm both a monster and a robot bridge
yeah this is that something you need to
know about me what what do you think
Marvel would you do you think they would
go with an older spider-man like 30
later 20 or do you think they're gonna
go with a teenager they gotta go
teenager you know what they got to split
the difference they got to go still in
high school they gotta go still in high
school so I mean if they're jumping into
like Civil War era though you almost
can't do teenage spider-man if you if
you work spider-man into Civil War
Adam maybe they can yeah they can do
first of all they can do whatever the
hell I want
I don't know what I'm doing I don't know
what I'm doing
it'd be nice to finally get an actor who
doesn't suck as Peter Parker or
spider-man wouldn't that be amazing
yeah and I've seen a lot of people say
that Andrew Garfield he's poor Peter
Parker and a good spider-man he's not
even a great spider-man he's he quips
but when he quips he comes off like an
asshole it's not comedy it's just him
being a jerk 100 percent standard
percent by the way every every single
time he opens his mouth
it sounds like he's a big jerk Andrew
Garfield is terrible as spider-man I'm
sure he's a nice guy
Toby was lacking Andrew Garfield Horton
yeah Toby left Toby I think you you said
it before Toby was the 1950s spider yeah
he's Leave It to Beaver Peter Parker
yeah and but by the way like Toby
achieved the character he was going for
as an actor he achieved the character he
was going for Andrew Garfield is not
achieving what he is going for who would
be a good Peter Parker I've said it
before he's too old now but Neil Patrick
Harris Neil Patrick Harris yeah nice the
right right amount of wit nerdy I think
Neil Patrick Harris would have been
great um you know what first of all nice
yep yes back in the day Neil Patrick
Harris would have been great there's
some sort of timed thing here as far as
who now I don't fucking know I don't I
don't keep track of every young male
actor that walks through Hollywood I
don't well let me tell you this that's
funny yeah I get I'm also not hip enough
to know who is the who's buffer Mick
muscle pants out there who could do who
could do uh Peter Parker spider-man
who could like trim down for nerd and
then buff back up for spider-man who
gonna strive is reading things hoo hoo
doos chant think oh oh you're asking the
chat sorry I was oh no oh that's what
I'm I thought you were asking to Jim
jaska the check no the chat was asking
us who we thought oh man I I don't even
know that many young actors I am so out
of touch with everything rich not just
like movies someone saying Christian
Bale
Christian Bale should play a teenager
first of all someone someone else is
saying
Daniel Radcliffe I'm assuming you're
talking about out o the Harry Potter can
he do it he can do anything
I I probably have you what's what's his
movie where he has devil horns I hear I
hear good white privilege Mexican thank
you
yeah yeah Daniel Radcliffe would be
interesting only because I think he's a
talented actor maybe I haven't seen oh
by the way I've only seen the first
Harry Potter so I don't I don't know
enough about him to say in all honesty
no no no oh you you understand you
misunderstood what I said I like I don't
I don't believe he's a talented actor I
think okay I think I've heard he's a
talented actor
like you know some of the comedy things
that he does some of the things I see
online of him where it's like oh I have
the impression that he is a talented
actor you know the Harry Potter movies
it's hard to say because they're Harry
Potter movies what would you think about
the kid who plays flash in the TV show
to be spider-man I've never seen the
flash TV show I am interested in seeing
it as I've seen a little bit of the
arrow and I don't mind the arrow TV show
and that's done by the same company and
so I am actually I once the flash TV
show comes to like a Netflix or or an
Amazon streaming I am gonna watch the
flash TV series so I get the answer to
that is wait and see our thoughts just
wait right there and find out us out
flash I'm gonna remember to save this
time that's that's you do that that's a
really important thing you do it exactly
that that's really important to me and
to the well being the chat in the stream
this time Matthew McConaughey a
spider-man Oh first of all get the fuck
out of here
no making these jokes no Jeff Bridges
spider-man can't Samuel Jackson Samuel
Jackson would be perfect - spider-man
are you high in the drugs who gave you
drugs rich what do you think of Metroid
Prime
it'd be nice if I could play it with a
mouse and keyboard any any any shooter
or the gamepad this especially a
first-person shooter just terrible yes
sir experience for my from my hand in my
brain yep by the way now this is my
first time playing Metroid Prime since
I've played PC games
yeah I don't know it so rich I don't
know if you know this but to look around
like I'm doing right now yeah and to
move forward and backward is one
joystick uh and so in order to look up
or down you need to lock down your feet
with the R button it really yes and then
then you can look up down and aim
precisely but then you can't move your
feet can't just look up or down with the
right stick nope because there is no
right thing there's only the c-stick
this is the game right yeah oh it is by
the way it takes oh that sounds awful it
takes a lot of getting used to it takes
oh my god no oh god that sounds terrible
and yes yes it is it's all those things
it's all those things but still a pretty
good game I something I was talking
about a little bit hopefully I have no
idea what I said or did during the
during my solo screen because it had
been so long since I've done a solo
string but something I would like to
mention now is I use Metroid Prime often
as kind of a
as an example of a game that does
storytelling through gameplay correctly
yeah
and I would like to say that a lot of my
recollections of the game or 100% true
this is this is a great game very fun
very atmospheric very good at telling a
story while keeping you in in the
gameplay great you still feel that way
after revisiting this that's what I'm
saying ok that's what I'm saying I still
100% feel that way after revisiting this
looks nice but god those controls sound
awful they are there if if Nintendo ever
gets to that point where they're ready
to start making PC ports man this would
be it right here
would be it I don't think they're gonna
get to that place not anytime soon at
least but man to play to play this I
mean obviously you with a mouse and
keyboard me just with a controller where
I could look around what the other
thumbstick would be phone nominal
somebody somebody is saying Rick Moranis
as Peter Parker perfect he's too nerdy
Rick Rick Moranis perfected the stock
nerd the stock nerd the stock nerd is
what I refer to the standard character
you see in many movies with the the
glasses with the tape and the bit of
hair sticking up the completely nerdy
they were the pocket protector the stock
nerd yeah the and lack of inventing a an
interesting depth of character he just
the nerd there's the nerd the same same
as the jock the cheerleader you know
right I'm with you not not Spock with an
okay Chad stock stock sto CK and yeah
rock today I would still play with a
gamepad but I play with a gamepad that
works I would play with a gamepad that
looks around in Ames it has a this game
has an auto aim function where if you
press down the left trigger and like
auto aims on whatever enemy is closest
well that would make it playable yeah
yeah that helps but there's a lot of
flying enemies and so then you need to
lock your legs look up and then lock on
an enemy with the other trigger it has
its own kind of flow
I still love it I still love it
mmm deep fried mashed potaters you know
all I'm doing now is trying to think of
movies I've seen with young people in
them and I can't even mention a movie
I've seen recently with a young person
in it okay for casting choices for
casting choices for Peter Parker yeah I
know no young actors because I'm an old
man
so I only care about old man movies like
robot and Frank that's true great movie
you see robot and Frank that's great you
should see a robot too Frank it has it
stars an old man and a robot it's
perfect
big hero 76 right I would watch the crap
out of that movie no I'm sure that has
young actors in it but I don't know
there I don't care for for black
spider-man people are saying Donald
Glover who's on Parks and Rec but I've
never seen parks interact and so like
all I know him nor have I childish
gambino do you know childish gambino no
oh no you wouldn't because you also
don't like the hip hop microfibre
militia
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it and Molly the battle
machine 3 to 2 thank you for subscribing
we also appreciate that Donald Glover is
also a rapper named childish gambino not
bad not bad not great but not bad for
like an actor comedian
you know it's like oh yes sir the
service about which I mean sounds like a
great compliment
he's a serviceable also chat liking
liking Peter Parker does not make you a
racist so cut that shit out
great that's that's that's obnoxious
that's obnoxious and Chet you know it
here's the thing like joking aside you
know it come on
right well that's and that's the hero we
grew up with this actually makes does
make me a little interested in reading
new spider-man just to see like what
happens to Peter Parker does he die in
ultimate yeah you want spoilers yeah
give me spoilers it will give me
spoilers and then I'll start with the
new spider-man uh he died fighting the
sinister six really yes
okay did he win but he had to die to win
yeah that shit my least favorite trope
well you know at least he want not ball
darn it gosh darn it get out of here
bunch of jerks everybody's a jerk in
this game rich all these jerks they hit
me with their things
okay so Peter Parker died fighting the
sinister six and who's the other
spider-man where does he get his powers
from I have no idea I have ever heard
that Peter Parker died I heard he died
fighting sinister six I have not read
any of the new one them oh I know I know
literally nothing about it other than
it's a black kid called Miles Morales oh
okay well then there you go I picked
that up
I wasn't even reading when Peter died
right oh oh no neither was I neither was
i I gave up on ultimate Wow
yeah when you know it started as this
really nice simple story and I was like
oh yay spider-man getting back to the
simple stories and then everything had
to be the worst thing that ever happened
it got too serious all the time ultimate
became very unpleasant to read yes agree
and and it's a shame because it was
really nice for a while yeah ultimate
was was a great continuity reboot drama
overload yes drama overload that's I
look back every now and then you know
have some have some fun with spider-man
get all these all here's one god damn it
have some fun with vitamin gonna die not
gonna die okay don't die yet jerk
yeah spider-man's supposed to be a fun
character 100% agreed 100% Oh a goodie
dough that's right there was one where
who what how when my co do that I was
think you know what I was thinking about
because I'm oh no crap I left your
preacher books at the studio I I grabbed
them I had them here you you got them
out of the clutches of Jesse about six
months ago because of all the talk of a
preacher TV show jesse was suddenly
interested in preacher so she borrowed
my first three volumes of preacher
mm-hmm I haven't seen them in six months
and she hasn't read them I'm very
watered for me that and then so she she
brought them over she wouldn't hear she
wouldn't give them back to me but she
was willing to let Jack borrow my
preacher comic books yes that's fine
free three Pupo echoing fart thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
I'm sorry what pre poop Bo TT XP thank
you laughing we really appreciate it
what okay there we go
I finally got all the I finally got all
the weapons I scanned all the MacGuffins
in this room vodka gimlet thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated ah
that's it that's a good name I like that
vodka gimlet
hmm it's precious oh no I was enjoying I
was enjoying a name too much and I
wasn't paying attention to what I was
doing and I died Thank You 5k kimly you
made me die you made this section take
eighty times longer some of them the
Chad Assange preacher is okay Reacher is
fucking amazing
preacher well the first first volume I
thought was kind of everything after the
first volume I'm pretty damn good rich
is pretty funny I'm looking forward to
it
I'm looking forward to reading it I'm
looking forward to I would like to in
general get back into the swing of
reading Oh many things comics in general
I'd like to I'd like to know what's
happening in comics because I used to
read a lot more comics because I
explained things bad mr. glitch preacher
is a comic book written by Garth Ennis
who read comic books you have to be more
familiar with him as the guy who was
writing The Punisher for many years
creature has a very dark sense of humor
it's about a Texas creature who gets
merged with an angel demon hybrid with
awesome powers and he and his
ex-girlfriend and a Irish vampire set
off on a quest to find God so he can
tell him off some fine blasphemy and
preacher
quality quality blasphemy what's really
funny
finally okay here's here's where I died
with the very first boss boss well you
know what's the first boss is a ways
away
it's you know it's not just the first
boss it's it's a big deal I guess or not
I don't know it's because I wasn't
paying attention but now now I know what
to do you see much easier to beat
everything will be great I'll beat this
first boss I'll save the game it'll be
it'll be super fun I think
beating the game yeah I'm sure beating
the game would be super fun as opposed
to like losing at the game yeah yeah
that's not super at all no losing at a
game usually is not fun
I mean this is my big problem the other
day I was that's right I think I need to
stun him SART Benson thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate
I I have played Metroid Prime but it's
it's been many many years I don't think
I've played it since it actually came
out like I couldn't even remember the
control scheme
oh yeah yeah no it's it's rough the
control I think the only reason I
thought it playable is because the
lock-on because like I said first-person
shooters in the gamepad awful awful and
I play a first-person shooter for the
gamepad and instill now going back to
this is awesome this is it's so foreign
to me not being able to look up and down
yeah
that's asking if we think they should
bring JK Simmons back as J jonah Jameson
of course huh yeah I wouldn't be against
that and it's it's probably the least of
my concerns
haha they still haven't gotten Peter
Parker and spider-man right in any of
these movies right that's that's the
first priority yeah he was he was great
as JJ and I wouldn't mind having him
back even if it's a different Pat booty
that's fine give me shit about that you
know like like he said JJ is really a
minor character so let's not worry about
spider-man is the one you have to get
right yes everything everybody else will
fall into place you know should be Jay
jonah Jameson
Cameron Mitchell oh god bless you camera
should be in every movie order have to
go we have to go over there I can do
this I can Cameron Mitchell
just it just he'll just be making
everybody closed doors spider-man won't
be able to get in anywhere it'll be
great
it'll be great someone's saying rich
Jack let's be honest yeah we just want
to see a good venom right fuck them fuck
venom I and and by the way I'm observes
is a good visual and little else know
and I like venom as a villain and I know
you and I have disagreed about venom as
it as a villain but I like him as a
villain but that does not matter day to
day that's venom does not make
spider-man see venom being kind of an
antihero was the only thing that made
him even a little bit interesting but in
it I mean his motivations are fucking
piss-poor sure he's just that he's not
like clever villain he's just kind of
told I'm gonna beat you up yeah he's a
fine visual and little else no no I like
venom certainly certainly not as the
major villain of a movie no no listen
here's here's what I think with
spider-man in general and movies yeah I
don't know spider-man is well suited to
movies I would I would given a choice I
would rather see a a marvel spiderman TV
show you know other other other than the
special effects which do you not have a
TV budget doing spider-man would be very
difficult
story-wise spider-man's are always about
the day-to-day activities it's the the
the life and the trial and tribulations
of Peter Park dealing with the how being
a superhero affects his normal everyday
life and I'm in a movie there's this
almost a need to do something epic yes
you know but like you know you can't you
can't make a spider-man movie about
spider-man's suit getting bleached in
the laundry and it's like pink and light
blue ah ha ha jokey that's a fun
spider-man B story and you can't you
can't do that in a movie a movie needs
to be the bigger bigger he's gonna blow
up the city with the blue super laser in
it
and story I I begrudgingly agree with
you I be and only because I know the
practicalities of it and I know that a
spider-man TV show would not look as
nice and part here's the thing and
here's it might just be me I like the
action you know like the action goes
hand in hand with the story and so I
need that I need good action with my
superheroes yeah and I know that it's
spider-man TV show wouldn't have the
budget for the action that I want here's
an obscure reference Disney motorboat
propeller thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it I'm sorry what
that's a reference to what I'm not
saying you're not figured out you
figured out I told you if you forgot
that's your fault you told me when in
real life yes I'm sure I have
Disney motorboating motorboating
propeller Disney motorboat propeller yes
I'm in I'm in the deep woods here engine
so uh somebody in the chat brings
something up okay
strafe strafe let's talk about strafe
well we'll talk briefly about strafe
because I still don't know that much
I've seen I've seen that the trailer
they made there's a Kickstarter going on
right now I think it's got like probably
six days left right now seven seven days
left it's a Kickstarter for a game
called strafe it's a first person
shooter kind of done in like the style
of quake like heavily heavily old-school
and they're going for like randomly
generated levels and whatnot but it
looks fun but the Kickstarter they
they're not even halfway to their goal
and they only got like a week left I
don't know that they're gonna make it
but I just want to direct everybody
the check to at least take a look at
strength there should be a video on
YouTube or somewhere it's gonna got a
Kickstarter and the the fake 1996
commercial for this game they made is is
kind of great
yes hundred percent I will be I will be
kick starting that pre not only like
previously recorded will be kick
starting that yes yes yes previously
this looks like a game that we would
love this game I want to play I'm gonna
support them yes
so we previously recorded is officially
going to be donating to the strafe
Kickstarter and we encourage you all to
do the same
fuck Oh mega ham sandwich we really
appreciate it
that's a great name
mostly because I like ham sandwiches
octo Mike thank you for subscribing ah
appreciate it
funny I get reference I mean do you I'm
I'm gonna I'm gonna give everyone a
heads up yeah though for all I know well
I won't make the cut but I'm gonna I'm
gonna mention this anyway
oh no it's up if you want out if you
want to pick a name to subscribe under
ah dr. meadows that makes sense for
another month
yeah but dr. mayonnaise hundred percent
yeah thank you
subscribe it we really appreciate it
the the the heads up is over the past
really week over the past week we have
shot a lot over the past up there's they
were lovely stuff coming up we just had
a conversation the other day about the
release of stuff coming up and hopefully
J and I have done a good enough job
convincing Mike to stagger out all these
stuff we have shot recently to make sure
that it's released at on a regular basis
instead of I feel like a lot of our
content is very feast or famine no you
know where it's like we have a big wall
where we're shooting and editing stuff
and then we just kind of jump at all
best best of the worst takes a while to
edit I don't know that I don't know that
there's gonna be that lump everything
coming out at once this time they were
talking about there's there's stuff in
the pipe
there's there's stuff in the pipe not
just that but you know I want to explore
more up here there's stuff in the pipe
work and there's stuff in the pipe work
that will be ready approximately at the
same time that we we can convince each
other to hold on to it so you get
regular content yeah I think that's
important I think also also chad dr.
mayonnaise has nothing to do with space
cop that's true yeah it is it is a
potential future reference to something
a potential and and it's a gamble future
reference because you don't even know I
don't I don't know what's gonna make the
cut you don't know what's gonna make the
cut that's what I'm saying I'm assuming
that well I would hope I would hope so
and that Mayo specifically mayonnaise
are you sure about that or is it dr.
Mayo it's mayonnaise I don't remember
now I think you said it so I'm just 100%
sure it's mayonnaise okay I'm gonna
trust you okay because I think you said
it
okay so somebody says I trust rich like
I trust the NBC's Brian Williams what
happened with Brian Williams I keep
hearing him mentioned a lot lately
what happened a parents apparently
famous news broadcaster Brian Williams
famously told a story about how he was
under fire in I want to say Benghazi
uh-huh when he was reporting there and
as it turns out he fabricated it and of
course he's a news person you know he's
a yeah this person he should be trusted
by the way hopefully everyone just saw
my super sweet morph ball double jump
Washington stream I'm sure they did
sweet as fuck ah
in any case he admitted publicly that he
was exaggerating if not straight up
lying about being under fire while
reporting on Benghazi or Iraq or you
know one of one of those war-torn
countries and has since been suspended
for six months from reporting the news
and its most of it is a self inflicted
suspension because he is the like head
producer and oh yeah
so he wanted a vacation basically well
no he understands that he lied and you
know lying is bad yeah and suspension
out of firing right like you would
expect wise sure sure sure but in any
case so that's that's why they're
talking about Brian Williams now because
he's a liar okay all right I had our
exaggerator maybe not a liar he's an
exaggerator
I forget which
and speaking of trusted news men have
you have you heard that John Stewart is
officially steppin yeah sad it is
whatever your whatever your political
before the vote you know he's funny he's
funny man he's a funny man who I'm sure
yeah yeah fire enriches oxygen room oh
thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate everybody who
subscribes over the next 10 minutes yeah
that money will go straight to the
strafe Kickstarter 100% 100% of the
money of the subscriptions we get next
10 minutes strafe Kickstarter oh yeah
how big how big a contribution do you
want us to make the strafe yep yeah we
were talking about doing what the $50
level we were we were gonna do the level
that got us the special font you know
the special fonts in the bank's right if
there was and and apparently they don't
have a t-shirt level usually I'll go for
a t-shirt level just because I like I
didn't I didn't look over them that
closely for all I know there's a t-shirt
level I'll have to double check you'll
have to double check I like t-shirts I
wear t-shirts a lot
nobody's subscribed in the next 10
minutes damn somebody does not like
strafe it looks like quake I just games
like quake made a huge mistake and
killed the bugs that make the light in
this room good
no no I wanted the lights to be on
apparently ok what do you think of
Howard Stern I never found him
particularly entertaining but I'm ok
with him he's doing this thing that's
fine he's making money yeah yeah yeah I
never understood the the entirety of
like Jacques genre is something I've
never ever understood you know good for
him
Ramirez the gnome thank you for
subscribing strafe really appreciates
hahahaha alright so that's that's 5
bucks to strafe yes that's right Chad
I'm terrible at fps is because you've
seen me play them twice on a stream yeah
no and you seem like you're doing really
bad all the obviously because because
because you know why mine because that
little coffee table in the in the
viewing room as I'm like hunched over
weird when I play it's not it's not the
best environment for playing a shooter
the viewing room No yeah the viewing
room yeah well I mean it for me it
doesn't matter because I play with a
controller I know
prefer to be at my desk uh yeah you
gotta start looking up Internet packages
I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have a
stream an FPS again to show you that is
that I'm not awful awful I realize that
it's gonna happen mm-hm
we we can't wait yeah I died many times
in Doom 3 because I was hunched over in
a weird position while trying to play
that's what rich says I'm not I'm not
saying I'm a FPS god but I will prove to
you guys at some point that I am capable
of playing at FPS decently all your
going all rich is known for his adequate
here plus I don't know what I've played
a real FPS I played some of the newer
slower paced ones but I haven't played
like you know quake 2 or doom what's the
real yes right no I don't where
complaining about my aim and Jedi Knight
- mmm but people don't realize that a
stormtrooper blaster as a kind of a joke
is deliberately designed to have lousy
aim Oh isn't it storm yeah a ambulate
the stormtroopers from the movies that's
really funny
that weapon is notoriously inaccurate
uh yeah I know I should stream brutal
doom chat I am actually deliberately
waiting until the new version comes out
which was supposed to be out at the end
of December and I don't know how long
the delay is gonna be but I am actually
waiting until the new version comes out
before I play brutal doom I do plan to
stream it when it's out new version was
not out yet
so I'm still waiting JP versus the world
thank you for subscribing strafe really
appreciates it nothing that's a bonus
plus 10 bucks interest we're donating to
strafe yes even if that doesn't even if
it doesn't get us to the next tier just
gonna get extra money from men ever word
100 percent Hondo precent Oh Jack are
rich will you play blood-borne when it
comes out yeah maybe I'll work something
I'm not that's the blue side of the
bottle yeah
blood-borne Rouge on that's it's made by
the same people that made I think so

[Part II]
ah yeah maybe for the show we do need to
figure out what we're doing next in
general the strikes me as being an odd
coming okay rich any thoughts with the
best heads assess oh yeah I think it's
Beth as de announcement at e3 are you a
fan of fallout or the elder scrolls III
was last summer III hasn't happened yet
it's not a well this year's hasn't
happened yet and the last one was like
six months ago do you mean the
announcement that they're making an
announcement at e3 Oh was that what
happened I put I believe maybe maybe you
were yeah I know so they're making an
announcement yes months yes that's the
dumbest fucking thing I've ever heard
yes and so everyone is saying there's
gonna be a new Fallout and uh to be more
specific I don't have never played
fallout I don't played any of the
fallouts or any of the Elder Scrolls oh
well there they go yeah there you go the
only fall out I've played is Rosalind
before new vegas toll on 31 a yes i
believe it's three I played a little bit
of fallout 3 and I didn't much care for
it because they they did that thing
where they mix they did you know what
they did they did the excom thing where
they kind of mix a first-person shooter
with a turn-based dice roll thing hmm
and I really hate that I really hate I
couldn't I couldn't be cool yes okay I
went back to where I want to go I
couldn't be good with like aiming at
something and then not hitting them even
though it said like I had an eighty
percent chance of much like ex-con where
it's just like no I can hit this person
I can see them you know see I don't know
I like ex-con maybe I should probably
get fallout 3 a shot you probably should
you know what we could do we could
stream it mm-hmm we could stream you
playing it you might you might enjoy it
okay so by the way the last like 20
minutes or so I've been wasting
everybody's time Oh Jack I'm not a real
gamer oh are you not no no because I
don't play the elder scrolls or fallout
oh well then there you go I also i'm bad
at FPS oh you know what I'm really glad
we got that figured out because it's all
this time I'm not a real gamer yep
that's true konica tantrum I don't I
don't need the legal definition well
rich you know I think I think I avoided
fallout 3 spoilers for a ten-year-old
game once i heard it was one of those
you have to die endings you know the
good ending is the self-sacrifice and i
absolutely hate that shit mmm that is
usually it's usually I hate that so much
is usually a deal-breaker for me really
yeah dying it's art you die you have to
die it's the only way you could properly
end a story you have to die no fuck off
haha I'd rather be alive and a hero than
dead in the legend first of all nice
yeah uh second of all uh yeah you know
we'll see we'll see whether you like
about because will stream it all stream
fallout 3 i've been I'm really
interested in playing the older Fallout
games because they see more like
tactical turn-based stuff and I'm okay
with like turn-based combat in general
hmm so I've actually wanted to look into
playing some of the older Fallout games
in hopes that I would enjoy them more
than I enjoyed fallout 3
tf2 requires you to move in eight at the
same time so that's not a good test for
him what Oh rich for what was the snow
what if you're good at first person
shooters oh yeah I don't think uh FTL
will be a great known lips test first
shooter skill tf2 oh do you yeah I might
I don't know that that's fair because of
my shitty internet connection though
well oh yeah flag flag does all fuck and
there's a lot there's a lot more to tf2
where you know it's it's about strategy
and that's you know about knowing the
map and knowing your team remember that
was on my old computer and internet
connection that that like almost melted
my cpu when i type in FTL right we're
gonna work on that rich that's the thing
that you're supposed to be working on
your own internet connection I might
have I might have had like a four-second
wag hahaha
rich become legend play destiny I'll
fuck that shit no you know I know a lot
of people and lt player focus shooter
yeah go fuck off Myrtle I've heard a lot
of people really like that game uh and
what I've heard no simple I've heard
those same people really complain about
it yes I agree that it sounds tricky
what what do I have with the internet
the internet actually comes with the
apartment complex and they get the the
dirt cheapest internet they possibly
could is what they do so we're lucky
that we can skype yeah yeah yeah no just
when we skype if I get the choppy audio
that's why yeah oh hey get out of here
yeah destiny grind uh mmm Oh mum or
polka or whatever whatever they call
those stupid things massively
multiplayer crap bland bland looking
shooter I I can't think of one thing
about destiny that looks at all
interesting to me personally yeah I know
I would be good because I know you and I
occasionally listened to you when you
talk I know that doesn't you at hey
destiny yep yeah
listen listen when people talk I never
thought to do that sometimes sometimes I
don't like I don't listen to you all the
time because I mean come on you're rich
Evans but occasionally I can't help but
listen to you when you thought Richard
played Jedi Knight three Jedi Academy
mass protagonist I'll stick two Jedi
Knight to was answering the chat real
quick yeah I'm with you I feel ya I
don't know that you've played any of
those games Jack have you should I not
know
okay everything's fine everything's fine
and wander going who is it the answer is
yes
have very little idea what I'm doing
whining about a bland looking shooter
while playing a bland looking shooter
well technically I'm not playing and
Jack do you want to comment about
blandness and Metroid Prime um I could
remember this game came out 13 years ago
okay that is not an exaggeration this
game came out in 2002 so by today's
standards sure this this might look a
little bland to you ah but I guess it's
not I don't know I don't know how to
properly answer that it's uh it's a
bland looking shooter with an
interesting story and a fun exploration
element I don't know that I was fond of
any of the enemy designs in this game um
you know and I think that's where like
their their their critique of calling it
bland is yap tible I kind of like to
give it with the helmet yeah heads up
display hmm that's kind of neat it's
beautiful that's beautiful you know you
go through a thing is Steve and it gets
fogged up yeah I I can definitely see
like all the enemies are like bugs and
that's such a space alien trope or it's
like oh it's it's a beetle you know
mm-hmm and I got there what's supposed
to be the enemies from the the platform
the usual yeah
oh yeah I get that it's just I guess
what I'm saying is I he I I understand
some of that criticism of Metroid Prime
being bland looking I disagree with it
because I played it and I it's it's one
of those games in which I actually pay
attention and care about the story like
I'm exploring and I dig that and you
know me and stories and games you hate
the paper more so because like the story
like the story is so little in this game
all we're doing like we're just
exploring and trying to just trying to
figure out like what we're doing here in
the first place you know which is so
simple that I can I can
you know what I well one thing I will
say cuz I did I have played that I mean
many years ago if I have played this I
hate thee not knowing where you're going
the constant backtracking to find shit
you couldn't get to before I but that's
that's Metroid like yeah I understand
that it in general it's usually not for
me sure no I I really like that I like I
like having to remember you know or it's
like you get you get the new power and
then it's all of a sudden and you know
you like for example later on you get
like a a morph ball booster and then you
know you have to use a little like
halfpipe halfpipe to boost up someplace
and then you just remember every single
halfpipe you've come across in the in
the game and you just say to yourself oh
my god yes I get it and you know it's
that's that's fun for me it's not for
everyone someone saying rich isn't that
what Arkham Asylum is like I think
arkham asylum's a little bit more linear
mostly you're backtracking for the
Riddler shit which I I have been open
about that being my absolute least
favorite part about the game sure sure
so backtracking isn't necessary it's
just what it's something it's something
if it was a few times he end up going
through all the way it's flat all right
no it's me it's me that that works your
brain you know like having to remember
where you know where the spot was where
you could use the power yeah I know as a
kid I used to get hopelessly lost in
classic Metroid and it's frustrating
there's an aggravating experience not a
fun one sure sure and I can be with it
is what I'm saying mmm
I can be with you I'm going to be with
you on this one
I you know obviously my personal
feelings are different but I will I will
understand you're saying I'm picking up
what you're thrown down
what the fuck was it bong god Doug thank
you for subscribing police appreciate it
it's true we do we do appreciate it
that's fifteen dollars to strafe 15
bonus dollars it still won't be enough
but that's fine other there there there
like I said 10 minutes 10 minutes that
was that was 19 minutes ago oh sure sure
okay well then buckets Rafe only got an
extra ten dollars that's fine feels good
it's fine it's fine yeah I mean at this
point it's acceptable they're probably
gonna have like a last minute push but I
mean they're they're down like a hundred
thousand dollars I don't know how these
things usually work so usually usually
there is like a late in there in the
Kickstarter
push very you know like last day for
like if you you know i I've kicked the
last day when one of the people involved
with it donate some massive amount of
money back so they can get what they you
know the rest of it yeah that guy was
but all time well but also like if you
are you know like I have a Kickstarter
it has been a thousand dollars so i
could get the other 83 but like also if
you have a kickstarter account if like
if a kickstarter looks interesting to
you you can click a little button this
is remind me and then go get an email
the you get an email 24 hours before it
closes down yep and so that's that also
really helps to the final push you know
and it the question is why hasn't that
game made its its its goals um i think
its goals were a little too I certainly
more people out there who will give it
their their games that you get
multi-million dollar Kickstarter's all
the time sure but you but like this one
has very clever trailer but but usually
the ones that get multimillion-dollar
kick goals yeah or that end with
multi-million dollars don't start with
multi-million dollar goals like they
start with like 30 thousand dollars to
make a game yeah and then everyone wants
to play so they get millions okay okay
this one is starting like at almost
200,000 which in kickstarter
isn't want yeah I get in in any amount
of money it's a lot but okay i don't i
don't know you know help what these
things average out to be goal was so so
it'sit's see it does seem like a lot of
money for it seems like a lot of money
for the game that you're getting and
it's you know well yeah well i mean
they're only asking you know to buy the
games 15 we're oh sure but I mean to
make it like it seems like a lot of
money to make the game oh I don't know
and I don't I don't I don't know I've
never developed a game I don't know
where these costs go you know i can't i
can't speak on that and i think that
ninety eight percent of kickstarter
backers can also not speak on that and
so say all we can go by is other games
that we've backed you know but see the
games you back though a lot of these
games are 2d games like FTL's 2d uh
shevell night show my Susie oh no I mean
fuck what the fuck the dice is the
Double Fine adventure game the total
fine adventure game has a fucking
adventure game like you know hold on
Jack I'm ready for this yeah you ready
for this I'm ready for this dr.
mayonnaise thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate you're gonna enjoy
that and maybe a month from now doctor
you are your 100% going to enjoy that
reference enjoy that name about a month
from now
um so yeah but the but this is this is
the problem is it's not just about it's
not just about the game it's about the
medium you know a triple a game on xbox
cost 60 bucks right yeah that's what
they cause no matter no matter how much
it costs to make the medium helps
dictate the price point it's the snow
world's rich I when I talking about the
price point of the game itself we're
talking about price point to develop the
game right and it seemed time ok ok I
don't know what all goes into it so
neither do
they say you were dropping mad frames um
possible 100% possible drop drop the
beat yo drop drop drop kick OH yo y'all
drop drop drop frames drop drop drop two
frames you know OBS is in the green I'm
in the green so I don't know if we're
better now could have had an internet
spike that happens hmm I have good
internet in general but you know it
happens she had happens guys this is the
thing this is a virtual shit did rich
ever mention what he was doing yesterday
i'm assuming you're talking about during
the last stream do you mean oh yeah and
sunday when i'm assuming I'd assuming
that means Sunday yeah probably all
right we were we were doing a episode
work for 44 redlettermedia show
important episode we film thing thing
got filmed me not here no chat yeah
which happens it used to happen a lot
more often but it'll happen every once
in a while and I appreciate it when I
came out anyway and sorry on a boring
yeah yeah I'm sure you were fine I might
have been boring and I'm okay with that
nothing we ever do is right job haha now
finally you'd say the truth rich they've
been waiting to hear you say that wait
which that we never do anything right oh
I said that all the time even you it's
like that's that's like my sin again we
never do anything right
this enemy
cool things happening rich this is a
neat enemy
I think somebody may have said I have no
taste because I don't like the metroid i
don't think i ever said i hate the
metroid I said I i hate the control
scheme will just blank shooter with with
a gamepad is just ass but ok whatever
well you said you hate the control
screen and you said it was it was the
you know the big stick with metroid is
is perfect backtracking and you did say
that you found that to be frustrating
which is I again that's fair but that's
just what kinda gave me my goodness I'm
not gonna say that itself with ruined
the game entirely for me not that's
something I'm fond of Me Kate so right
oh yeah troll scheme we can go ahead
yeah that kind of yeah oh by the way I'm
gonna go ahead and agree with you on
that Rosie need the mouse no this
control scheme is is little balls you
get used to it and luckily i'm using the
wave bird which I still to this day fine
to be one of the most comfortable
controllers ever conceived and chat I
did not say a that my trade is a bland
shooter somebody in the chat said that
right I was I was reiterating right just
can't win with you these people will
never pay any attention to their nope no
no attention at all and you should know
that I have I have to correct the chat
every every five seconds you correctly
chat on the chat
no and I I it was the chance said that
this looks
I Rebecca
let me back up
lady back oh we might be back up
we are back great hi we're back rich
alright we're back we're back I think we
had a couple we had a couple service hmm
um I remember one of them Admiral fart
bar thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it and also smashed bottle
thank you for subscribing also we really
appreciate it it's true it's true I now
I have to go back to dying to be stupid
bug things okay that's what I was doing
dying to bug things
there we go okay finally did it okay
yeah I don't know what that was that was
just a funny little spike in the
internet i guess but it'll happen you
know what that'll happen guys but we're
back or here and that's exciting I mean
to me that's exciting but you know to
each their own that's what I say sausage
took those wants to know if there isn't
oh wow no we've lost it again ml or
forum or jet pack and rich take
suggestions for which games de stream
hey rich we lost the stream again
so we'll see how it goes it's wavering
it's not solid green you know when when
when we have a good upload speed is
solid green on OBS uh and and it's not a
solid green oh my god now it is now it's
solid green okay rich get a better
internet this is Jack's Jack stream
Jack's internet everyone wants to blame
me for everything yep damn it they do
and it should they both do and they
should know this is a hundred percent
Jack's internet I don't know what's
going on or why it's going on or who oh
is that a thing the only thing I am
responsible for here tonight is talking
mm-hmm and you're doing a fine job I
feel like you're doing a fine job rage
you're saying all sorts of things and
you're talking all kinds of pretty so
congratulations also if you guys want to
know what red letter media thinks of
Jupiter ascending maybe you'll find out
soon what what that's quite possibly
true but I quite possibly true I don't
know have you seen it jack no i don't i
have not even so look
man it do you think any of our friends
have seen it rich ah maybe I think I
think couple people i know we're gonna
go see that yeah yeah yeah that's weird
I mean it's great it's great that people
are seeing movies in general it's great
for the movies yeah that is true it's
great for the movies
come here you monster see this is a cool
looking monster though this little ice
monster I'll let you know when I see it
now we're getting some neat enemies
you've seen this one before I think
every I don't remember anything in this
game so I don't sure hey yeah no no
that's a little dinosaurs slug yeah it's
stupid looking but it's got like a nice
armor back and you gotta break the ice
armor yeah we've never seen monsters and
video games that were covered are nice
yeah yeah yeah yeah uh yeah thanks fine
I don't deny the generic pneus of
metroid prime enemies Jack Colonel
Mustard says remember to scan the
monsters oh thank you colonel mustard I
will remember to scatter monsters
oh here we go oh god I need to remember
my chozo voice you have a chozo voice I
was doing a chozo voice oh my god oh
that's right because they were nerds
okay cuz there were nerds I gave them a
nerd voice um c standard out yep none
know if our double the cradle will
provide powerful enough to contain the
evil forever how can we chose o home for
it to remain intact without which it
guards we rise in the darkness growing
always stronger the fate of this world
rests at the gathering of artifacts we
call the safer but even if it is not
all-powerful it is strong yes an
enchanted hole made of twelve links
still in the finite it is reach we will
who guarded slowly succumbing when our
Volga what the cipher will be exposed to
the fate of the talent who are beyond
our influence dear God cuz they're nerds
it's fine cuz the chosen word that if I
can do that voice for leisure suit larry
you can do that for the chozo it's
slightly different than the lasers you
later boys play it's slightly different
it just seemed it seemed appropriate
because like they were talking about how
the chosen were so technologically
advanced it sounds like oh so they're
bunch of nerds and I like that about
them I wavin flag of david freeway vet
who I who's the pretty lady
Jerry Lewis you get a royalty every time
professor Frank shows up well I mean
they're not listen they're not hiding it
can you get mad at the simpsons for that
like like uh uh Wiggum chief Wiggum he's
basically uh what's his face timid old
actor I can't think his damn name now
but he's somebody is an imitation
somebody well they're all an imitation
of someone but I mean they've cartoons
have been doing that since hanna-barbera
right let's tone was Jackie Gleason sure
no and you can't get mad at will and
like with Fred Flintstone you almost can
get mad at him um Simpsons was
intentionally doing a parody and more g
robinson thank you check um stuff like
that and so like I can't get mad at the
simpsons for parroting parodying
correctly what's that a parody though of
cartoon voices being imitations I don't
know that was a parody I think that was
just the trope no no it wasn't a parody
of cartoon voices it was a parody of you
know like there were all characters from
the shows that they were parroting
because their hair eating the family
sitcoms kind of thing you know he
changed the voice but Dan cast anoa his
home run was originally just a
straight-up Walter Matthau impersonation
how's it true yeah that's funny I think
he admitted it in one of the
commentaries yeah yeah that's great
that's great life arm realignment
successful
great great Walter Matthau remember him
he was great yes you know what he was he
was great and I everything is great do
you watch Rick and Morty I tell I saw
the pilot I saw the pilot episode and I
enjoyed it in general but that's it
that's all I I I enjoyed it a lot I
would like to see more okay you saw the
pilot or at all I've not seen I've seen
the whole season oh okay and you would
like to see more oh yeah what's stopping
you from seeing more they need to make
more haha you know what yeah that
wouldn't stop you as you know all those
good adult swim cartoon shows they
really just mass produced those things
rapidly yeah yeah it's it's not like you
end up going you know years between
metalocalypse and venture brothers
seasons haha that would just be
ridiculous haha cry I mean that's that's
a good thing though cuz i guess they
focus on the qualities so you know it's
fun yes agreed the charge upon released
be after chinese got a speed boost
ditional day has been a loan great and I
I did watch the venture brothers special
the chat was asking about this i don't
know that you care at all I mean I
haven't seen the venture brothers oh ah
it was okay they were just throwing too
much stuff in there too many cameos too
me too many appearances as far as some
long-running story stuff goes I know I
know ultimately at the end of the day
the point with the venture brothers is
to laugh is the humor but as far as
resolving storylines I yeah
you some some stuff was an anti-climax
all right you sound you sound hurt they
set up these characters in on it
everything in the show is basically a
parry so I shouldn't really expect a
serious conclusion to something right
but they set up these villains called
the investors for like two seasons and
in the end they just they could beat up
by basically a side character uh-huh and
that's done oh they get beat up by a
side character in a star wars parody oh
yeah sausage toes thank you for
subscribing I really appreciate it so
this Jack was that sausage toes like the
thing on your feet are just like things
things on your feet okay that's uh
that's great
well can I still I still enjoyed it it's
just it's not my favorite bit of venture
brothers ever hmm rich you didn't give
it unstoppable and unwavering praise so
how are they supposed to know that you
liked it besides you're saying that you
liked it everything's everything's and
extremely positive or extremely negative
hundred percent yeah yeah All or Nothing
rich what's the husband's leaving the
season four finale was great they the
other special you know I was really
special might have just been might just
be considered a two-parter an hour-long
am what color is your clean suit was a
great episode what color is your clean
suit yes
I'm down that's a great title for an
episode I I know nothing about it I ate
you can't explain anything in the
venture brothers just briefly they've
they've managed to create a complex
tapestry of of continuity and wonderment
and I love it huh that's fair that is a
Hondo presento ferried oh nothing i can
do anything else in here now even though
i said i like it they think I hated Rick
and Morty which makes no sense to me no
such speed all jack you are so that dad
that is probably kidding on their part
baby yeah let's uh let's hope let's give
them that let's give them that benefit
that much cool i guess i can give the
chance someone we will give them a
little that little bit of credit in
hopes that they're joking
I've said it before the venture brothers
is my my favorite TV show currently on
television yes you have to that before
how is the car rich it's still making a
strange noise but functional but
functional yes giant dragon chato
muthafucka Ridley Ridley's up in the
house damn that really is gonna get all
up in our biz
what what said Wrigley's all up in our
biz I really swing the lamest villain in
video game history he's just a big
monster yeah there's no there's no
personality there he's a he's a wing
dinosaur man he's a man he's just a wing
dinosaur some reason I'm supposed to
believe he's a character no he's a man
he's a pirate he doesn't even wear
clothes he's a naked dinosaur he's an
alienated he's a nicer monster that
growls and brees fire he's the king of
the Pirates how does he give orders by
growling well maybe they speak the same
language uh the language of growls was
he a Wookiee could be a Wookiee you
don't know maybe he's maybe he's like
like in like in people albinos are all
white like they have no pigment to their
skin what if he's an albino Wookiee and
that's what wookies look like under
their skin mmhmm yeah yeah did I just
make you think I did maybe think about
how to dumb you excellent
sure yeah I'm with you I'm with you and
people on the chatter talking about like
Ridley in like metroid books I'm
supposed to read metroid books to care
about Ridley as a character wait they
have metroid books hey apparently what
kind of fucking person are you reading
metroid books game this is this is
insane this is like telling me I have to
read a teen novels in order to enjoy the
Phantom Menace well well actually Ridley
if you read the the supplemental
material and he's got really he's got
quite a tragic backstory that has never
mentioned or or hinted at in the main
games you'll you understand it all if
you read books number 27 through 49 just
27 through 49 that seems simple why
haven't we done that already rich think
about that
it's how agitated i am doing the stock
nerd voice and I hate the stock nerd
Jack it's the it's the laziest character
ever Stockard I agree well right but
that's like stock anything is the
laziest character it anywhere you know
Jack did you know they made doom books
no there are there are do books on the
front door I've read the first couple no
the first one it's almost weird and that
it's basically just the description of
the game what athlete they actually
managed to make a faithful fairly
faithful level of the doom the first
doom game the animator they added in a
second character halfway through but
essentially it's just describing walking
around and shooting at monsters shut
uh-uh the second book which actually i
have it i don't know that i read the
whole thing i think i just at that point
lost interest sure you know is doomed to
basically i though there are mormons it
takes place in utah there are a lot of
mormons what uh okay then there's a
third and fourth book where they just
get weird you mean it got weird after
the mormon it gets weird after yeah oh
yeah it gets weird with lee the aliens
aren't really there they're not demons
they're aliens that made things that
look like demons because that's what
medieval man was afraid of and they
don't really care that much about earth
earth is just one minor battle at a
giant galactic war / / literature /
alien literature it's like it's like by
the point they got to the third book the
authors just like fuck this boring shit
I'm gonna do whatever the fuck I want
and I don't care right oh yeah that's I
mean first of all that's off the rails
crazy great that's it I love it more
that they were just like Mormons like
okay here's what we need to do a doom a
pretty simple game about fighting demons
the Mormons are one of the only people
to survive the demon apocalypse is there
because they're all crazy sure the
Mormons have been preparing for years
for a demon invasion I guess I don't
know was weight was uh was uh was our
character a Mormon uh nope did no man
have a name uh yes of Flynn fly Taggart
what Flynn fly Tigers why was the
nickname sure Flynn Taggart Flint
angered by the way Oh in the novel in
the novel in the game he had known him
game game Doom man very specifically
they didn't want a name they flat out
said he's supposed to be you sure but in
the book he was Flynn fly Taggart Oh My
glob I am in love Flynn fly
I'm in love that's the dumbest name I've
ever heard oh yeah
I think I think he just went hahaha
based off of doom that's just tarted
fucking I'm going all in nice
oh god I just realized how dumb on being
rich stop drinking the kool-aid I never
drink the kool-aid I'm just talking
about some weird books they made that I
picked up many many years ago as a
younger man just for the novelty is like
how the fuck you make up work on doom
well check this out haha yes as you
should like that's so crazy yeah rich I
might be the dumbest person alive
yuval know you've only just figured that
out because you're the dumbest more than
one right it took me this long because
I'm keep down oh no no it's I've been
I've just been kind of farting around
you know playing the game and do it
doing what nuttin who's gonna love it
has been so long since I've saved the
game and of course like the good game
that it is there are manual save points
and like I just might straight-up lose
the last like our two hours of playing
this game oh really I'm low on energy
cuz I've been fuckin around like I've
just been you know what's happening over
here with st. save now and got out I
can't I don't there's no saving space
near make your way to one I'm that's
what I man up jack I'm trying up I'm
trying rich get to the same area I'm
working on it but it's like this is it's
weird cuz it's hard
shit
shit oh and I died oh wait wait wait
wait oz mike is saying rich and there's
Asterix rounded yeah this is this
important okay some nice people have
made a mod for thief 3 which removes all
of them loading zones and pretties it up
you should play it uh I am definitely
interested in checking that out thank
you thank you for the heads up what's it
called does it have a name what am I
looking for a game that makes the three
more like a thief game I'm on I mean
that that sounds amazing yeah so yeah
please post if you can if you if you
know what that is cold what I'm looking
for I mean it might be easy just look up
space on that but fuck oh you da Jack
died I'm sorry like that a while ago and
I just checked on where I saved last I'm
sorry fuck
Jack what is what is what is our
previously recorded email again its
previously recorded at where somebody
wants to send email a link this beef
thing oh sure previously recorded dot
rlm at gmail I and I also believe that
we have a prereq at red letter media but
I don't check that I think Mike checks
that but and I don't even know if it's
prereq at red letter media or previously
recorded at ever ever ever red letter
media I should look into that actually
that is discouraging your death yes ah
you can always play something else I
need to I'm not playing this again is
the moral of the story because it'll be
too painful um I'm sorry and no and
beyond infinite I don't think it was a
new mistake I don't think I came across
another save station I just think I
wasn't good enough Jack do you actually
have a copy of Orcs Must Die on your pc
I don't know okay I i think i mentioned
that at some point playing it one of the
other streams and some of the chat wants
to see it I'm just curious of you even
have that I don't know okay
I I know the second one has co-op if you
ever want to stream that sometime if you
want to if you want to try playing orcs
must die no I next time I do a solo
stream because I guess I guess I'll
stream next well I say next sunday i
guess it feels like a sunday cuz i doing
hack and a half but sunday i'll probably
end up streaming orcs must die ok cool
you can you can watch me play orcs must
die ok and if you enjoy that Jack we can
do co-op that sounds like a great idea
yeah let me um let's take a little break
sure I'll go get a snack and I'll I'll
go look through other gamecube games
that i have here oh and we'll put it on
that do you have super mario sunshine
i'm sure i have super mario sunshine i
loves to cut our Sun shines its
possibility possibility I like super
mario sunshine um I'm gonna go get my
bin of gamecube games so i'll be back ok
and rich do you want to keep talking to
people or do you want me to you use no
I'm gonna go to the restroom and whatnot
anyways ok yeah then we'll be back all
right we'll be back

[Part III]
I want to play Luigi's Mansion I think
I'm gonna do that okay I think I'm gonna
play it Luigi's Mansion Luigi's Mansion
a fascinating game because Luigi's
Mansion was the launch title with the
Gamecube sunshine was not yet out no I
think the first Nintendo console that
didn't launch with a Mario game it's
crazy that's crazy the options let's see
here that is quit quit game yes great I
do want to play majora's mask but i
don't know I don't know chat I don't
know anything about no ghosts and
goblins Lara no ball the Goldblum I
don't know anything bottom oh god I got
vampires can you do something about my
vampires I can't
living in my basement are their coffins
I move them in I'm on break my blood
they say I'm too old yeah I want to be
immortal nice hold on for a second I
need to update this dream I need to
update this dream that I want to
oh that's right I had to get rid of it
because for some reason for some reason
twitch won't let you mute the game
anymore or won't let you mute the stream
anymore which is insane I feel I have
the volume all the way turned down and
it's muted and I still hear it on the
stream I my laptop try I had the same
problem yeah just manually move the bar
up and down I don't get it
but that worked great stream is updated
this was the game that aged that I mean
well you know it almost looks like a
like an n64 game hey Dad I don't know
about that just just this opening
cutscene does the ends before is the
ugliest thing to ever grace you eyeballs
that's true that is true okay let's get
to this the n64 which somehow managed to
be Jaggi and blurry at the same time
you wouldn't think it'd be possible they
found a way
okay here we go here we go starting a
new file new save Jack there's no video
on the stream there's no video on the
stream that's true no you haven't you
haven't actually said that yeah you're
just I apologize no I forgot okay okay
sorry for fun
thank you Richard telling me no problem
no wrong cuz I can see it just fine
everybody sorry rich sorry everybody
here I was enjoying the the pregame
cinematic nobody else was nobody else
okay here we go look at the chat I'm
sorry I'm playing a game oh here we go
oh I'm in the spooky mansion
leggo AG's mansion I know there's
there's a lego thing the mess it was
going on before the stream yeah yeah
there's there's a Lego thing in the
image ad tonight
there are proposing different movies to
make Michael games off I believe I like
it
my suggestion was lego Schindler's List
but I don't you have to like putting
Lego in the title somewhere when yeah
Legos Schindler's nuts Shin shin Legos
list what they do Shin Legos looks like
Lego Batman Lego Harry Potter Legos are
very just stick the name Lego in front
of my what this sure specs for thank you
for subscribing we appreciated specs
port SP a x SP o re ok let's back
tomorrow I mean they've already got lego
Nazis from the Indiana Jones games do
they they're halfway there shouldn't our
fighting off little lego tanks love it
is it would it be awful for me if I
revealed that I've never seen
Schindler's List you know I haven't
either
okay so then then it wouldn't I avoid
depressing thanks you know I'm the
opposite of Jay balding that's true you
have something good and dark me uh life
life sucks enough as it is
I don't need my fiction to keep
reminding me I'm miserable the world is
mm-hm
of course doctor who is getting a Lego
set now everybody's getting a Lego set
you know why Legos are hot right now are
they of course the Legos are the hive
because lego movie and Legos are the
hottest thing in the world last year and
so works like a couple years ago you
know no one wanted to license their
stuff to dumb old Lego I don't know if
that's true I think people were well of
course
Star Wars was the original licensure but
also Star Wars will license to anything
startles Legos zombie game Legos zombies
yes I go zombies I like it I like it I
officially like it um how do you defeat
the zombies you have to take off their
leg go ahead I'll just have to fall
apart okay yeah yeah yeah yeah go ahead
the Lego head pops off okay dig neutral
I can't explain the game mechanics yet I
don't know what a game hasn't started
yet Mokpo zone thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we do
I can you're not played this game before
it's I mean I played this game most in
2001 I completely understand
so so far all I've done is walk around
with a flashlight I think I'm about to
get my vacuum cleaner
I remember your vacuum cleaner felt that
way when you're playing Metroid Prime
what but then not remembering some of
the gameplay stuff later
I couldn't remember about the aiming in
that game right oh sure sure and I think
I'm about to go through it now tell me
what to do give me the vacuum so I can
catch the ghosts I'm so I'm so I just do
not care about the characterization of
Luigi that much somebody wants you to do
funny voices for the text are you up to
it there's just too much text there's
just so much sex okay that's perfect I I
mean I know how hilarious my voices are
and so I think even for my hilarious
voices it would be too much for the chat
I'm I'm too far behind me and in the
stream to do it ya know it's I'm and I'm
skipping it all I'm not reading it
anywhere too much of it away for me oh
shit I can't look at that just way
you'll see my delete check you'll see it
in a second it's it's telling me what
all the buttons do every 8:01 thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
we do it's true I called it the
Poltergust 3000 it can suck up all kinds
of things
let er rip use the r button to vacuum in
the c stick to change your direction
oh so much like Metroid in order to aim
up or down with your vacuum your feet
have to be planted those they're
mysterious beings they can't be caught
using conventional means this is the
only way to foil them Jack how do you
feel about measles badly I I say this is
what happens when you let idiots not
vaccinate their children you know this
is what happens when you let idiot when
this is what happens when you don't
actively discourage idiocy you know
because we like to be nice to people in
general and so some idiots came along
and said well you know we think we think
vaccines cause autism and we're like no
there's no real evidence that shows that
and then but but you were like but you
know you can believe whatever you want
as long you know you're not hurting us
it's fine you can believe whatever you
want but now now it's gotten too far mmm
now it's gotten too far and it's like
god damn it stick a needle in your kid
and make him not get the measles some
idiot on amazon.com wrote a book
children's book saying I forgive it the
name is it's like Maribel's marvelous
measles Oh God dangerous dangerous shit
yes
so many idiots in this country I guess
it's the downside of living at a free
society right there's so many idiots
there's so many it's true evolution is
wrong
vaccines are wrong there is a God so
much idiocy the country when that last
one I admit that was a low blow that was
a low blow but I apologize to our
faithful viewers it was I mean it was
still funny yeah it's it's one of those
things where as long as as long as
you're not hurting anyone else you do
what you want you believe in what your
law want as long you know like if you
kill yourself like that's fine I don't
care but you know just don't hurt other
people where it's like my weapon was an
inside job
right right don't necessarily know what
I'm doing I'm because I'm not you didn't
get oh oh shit I know we're supposed to
be sucking up the ghost this entire time
whoopsie whoopsie hey rich
did you know do you know something what
Jen feel doesn't melt steel girders what
what does what
that's the it's like a 9/11 truther
thing Oh dead field doesn't melt steel
girders did you know that I guess
there's tests I saw where they
experimented with it wrong but in any
case no I agree words it's just like
what am I thinking of Oh okay so have
you are you up on any of the Kanye
West's hubbub the Kanye West about no so
right by the way now that I've asked
that question I understand it was a
stupid question asked but so Kanye West
was a bit of an asshole
surprise surprise Kanye West was a bit
of an asshole over the weekend oh yeah
so the details is back won the Grammy
for Best Album huh
and Beyonce was also nominated for that
album
oh and so Kanye in an attempt to do
something similar he did when Beyonce
didn't win a different award ran up on
stage to say that Beyonce should win the
second time he's done it yes the first
time was infamously he stole the mic
from Taylor Swift to say when Taylor
supposed to want a music video award
saying Beyonce should have won
Beyonce should have won absolutely by
the way
really what an ass but yes but what a
dickhead
to like take that award away from
someone else you know in any case he
said he jumps up on stage and and
everyone thinks he's going to you know
rip the mic away again and back steps
back and like uh sure's Kanye towards
the microphone saying yeah go ahead and
say whatever you want and then Kanye
kind of pushes out and it's like no no
no all right then then at an after-party
Kanye lets off and just says that like
the Academy doesn't know what they're
doing they're they're discouraging true
artistry like Beyonce right uh-huh
because he's a huge dickhead and so and
then but but here's the great part about
it and I swear this will all get back to
idiots no I'm not I'm not familiar at
all with the Kanye West music yeah I see
one of those people who doesn't rap well
while taking somebody else's song and
just using their music in the background
they like take a beautiful older song
and then they just like talk over it
they call that sibling and they call
that there is is that something that
Kanye West would do no no oh songs done
I don't know this but if he does know
does not have any right to talk about
artistry Kanye West actually does
sampling well where he will take
snippets of songs and rearrange them to
make a new arrangement okay I enjoy
Kanye's music he has made some fine
albums I mean is he actually doing any
of his own music or is he just talking
over songs other people of rhythm no no
well you know and and rich I'm gonna go
ahead and call you grandpa real quick
uh-huh he what he will do to make his
own song is take bits and chunks of
other people's music and rearrange them
in order to you know make a new song
okay okay but it made a case Kanye is a
good musician you know but a bit of a
dickhead okay here's where we get to the
important part is then someone starts
interviewing back and remember back just
won the Grammy the album of the year
right
uh-huh and they're like back what do you
think about Kanye coming up onstage and
Beck says yeah
I think the guy should be up on stage as
much as he wants he's made some great
music and they go but Beck he wanted to
come on stage to tell you that Beyonce
should have won and and then Becca goes
yeah Beyonce should have won she put out
a really great album like so basically
Beck is the nicest man in the world just
saying like I'm just here I'm having fun
I'm having a good time and you know sure
yeah anyone could have won so to wrap
around the entire story is is uh the
other thing that the internet likes to
talk about with back is that back is a
Scientologist okay and so but but here's
the thing he seems like a nice dude he
doesn't seem like he's hurting anybody
so as long as you don't hurt other
people Scientology isn't any more
ridiculous than like Mormonism right
people have religions yeah it's one of
the Dumber ones but hey that's his
business that's his business that was a
really roundabout way to say that you
know I'm not I'm not judging Pia I don't
judge people on their beliefs or judge
people on their actions and if you do
something that hurts other people that's
when I that's when I start to be upset
with you know and so it's yeah people
who people who believe people who still
believe that there is a link between
vaccinations and autism are dumb
the and I don't know how much you know
about that the link between vaccinations
and autism but as a parent I of course
looked into it because you know I had to
make that decision for my kids whether
or not I was gonna get them vaccinated
and to go back to some of the things the
chat is saying in Scientology
yes Scientology is dangerous but I don't
necessarily blame the followers they're
just kind of the suckers you you you
blame the people steering the ship and
and and you blame the people that are
profiting off I that every single
religion is dangerous
uh and so there are extreme people in
every religion there are extreme people
in atheism but yeah that doesn't matter
it's as if you're not hurting anyone
else you do whatever you want to do so
in any case a while back I want to I
want to say like in the late 90s a
doctor claimed that there was a link
between vaccinations and autism he wrote
a paper in that paper and he was
discredited yeah oh not like metal not
credited he's no longer they took away
like his he's no longer a practicing
doctor they won't allow the practice
medicine its stake in a different
vaccination vaccinations company that
did a different type of vaccine yeah yes
he's trying to make himself money yes
exactly and so it's like this one thing
that happened two decades ago
people are still citing as fact even
though it's been rebuked a thousand
times it's infuriating people are dumb
I don't I really should have been paying
attention to the story in in Luigi's
Mansion in the weakest mansion
yeah you definitely needed to do that
well I refuse skip the cutscenes anyway
I haven't skipping the cousins I what I
really should have been paying attention
to is what I should be doing next okay
cuz I have no idea what I'm supposed to
be doing next
okay so yeah I have a flashlight and my
god you got a vacuum backing him up some
coins so that's good ooo I just found a
whole bunch of money it's great
I'm just vacuuming up stuff whoa what's
that what's that oh okay oh I did
something I did something rich what did
you do Jen I made something happen eyes
I'm doing it I hear a ghost
yeah there's go oh there's all kinds of
ghosts a lot of lot of lot of cutscenes
I'm a land Partridge they play a real
game you casuals hundred percent auntie
can can thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
auntie can can auntie Pam can antique
can can auntie as in your aunt your aunt
can can as of the dance which I'm
catching all sorts ghosts that's awesome
things are happening
you catch those ghosts Jack I'm doing it
I'm doing it
ghosts in it whoa oh this is my man Oh
42 says uh
the can-can and causes autism there's
more proof than there's more proof to
that than vaccines do okay love
herbalizer you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
nice verbalize it as mike says he
emailed that that beef modifies sorry
great thank you thank you I will tell
you if I hadn't come on you know what
I'll check for you real quick
I haven't gotten it yet
just putting that out there
okay mr. gotta be quick with these oh
goes
digging this I'm remembering I'm
remembering now yeah I'm doing second it
goes hey this game were they the called
the we DS mansion where they give you a
ghost vacuum yep I would imagine that
would use the ghost vacuum to catch
ghosts yeah that's exactly what I'm
doing and I'm enjoying it I expect like
like gold diamond heist mysteries in
this game that would not be my
expectation yeah I think no the only
thing is all about a diamond heist what
if the ghosts are planning the diamond
heist but you're still catching them in
the backyard yeah okay I will accept
porch you accept porch that's the thing
okay I don't know did an older video
once being my you know ages ago
mm-hm and I was one of the monkey man
things and there's clipping it with with
me I'm in the monkey man costume but
I've got the monkey man mask off and I'm
just kind of pissed off and yelling Mike
there's a clip floating around or I'm
feeling it might be exhausted summer and
I'm running around in a gorilla costume
I'll get a Villegas stupid monkey
project yeah right some of my
grandmother's house have she passed on
and I had to get the piano she an old
player piano and those are
comically happiness the heavy so Mike
came over to help move it and he's sort
of helping to move the piano he put me
in a gorilla costume and film me trying
to bust the piano apart with a hammer
carry this is down stairs right uh-huh
I'm with you but there's this there's
this large I you know music this large
heavy thing inside the piano that you
couldn't break down just kind of some
took a large metal table thing so he had
he oh you help me carry it out of house
and we got it to the porch this thing
that weighs like 400 pounds and we get
it to the porch he's like I gotta go I
gotta go
and I just exhausted and I said oh I'll
accept porch and that's that's been a
thing ever since something's good enough
I will say I'll accept porch sure I like
that I like it I'll accept porch you
know what we what we would always say
akin to that is it's good enough for
rock and roll
that was that was our go to it's good
enough for rock and roll it's good
enough for rock and roll oh you're
putting rock and roll down when you say
that yeah basically what it means is is
sometimes you overthink things and rock
and roll doesn't overthink things rock
and roll is just rock and roll
but often we would overthink things
okay that's what me and and the band
would say it's good enough for rock and
roll by the way we were never good
enough okay
in case you were wondering do I think is
that a walk cycle
Luigi that is was the guy from boyhood
vaccinated was that covered in the 12
years I don't know I have no idea I
don't care if there's one thing I'm sick
of it's boy quit that's true
mister it's true
okay we're getting in there we are
getting in there so how does how does
Luigi's Mansion not hold up
Jack so far it's all right it's it's
lost a little bit of the mystique you
know I remember playing this when a
mystique mystique it had a little I want
to say when I first got this you know
it's it being the first GameCube game
the graphics were so superior to G
Nintendo 64 right that nothing mattered
uh-huh and so that mean so far it's cute
I wanna I want to say like the so for
anyone who doesn't know who's been
watching me catch it goes basically you
have to hit the ghost with your
flashlight and that stuns them and then
you press the r button and that starts
the vacuum and that when you get them in
the vacuum you have to use the C stick
the little yellow stick to press the
opposite direction of the ghost that's
it
and I want to say that's the entirety of
the game I don't think it gets any more
complicated than that well it smells
terrible
yeah I mean I don't remember obviously
but maybe I'm glad I have never played
the we just mansion um Wow
I also want to say according to my phone
I have not gotten any emails at
previously recorded rlm at gmail.com
obviously I'll be so sad if somebody's
pulling my leg what are they pulling
your leg about the thief 3 mod that
takes away the console should they add
it into the game oh yeah I don't know I
don't know if it's true I don't know if
if it just takes a while I don't know if
my phone is no longer connected to the
gmail account maybe you know I barely
use it I used it I you I think I only
used it to like set up the Twitter and
then rich Evans do a prank call Oh God
see I got I got extremely lucky twice in
a row now they think that's gonna be
like a regular thing oh god yeah I dread
the next time the phone numbers gonna
call off cuz I'm just gonna I'm gonna
fall riot on my face right I'm just
gonna fail you discipline then
everybody's it's gonna be still gonna be
funny because everybody's going to be
laughing at me yeah yeah 100% and you
should be ok with that you know like you
get that fail out of the way and then
there's no more pressure maybe it'll
just be the saddest day of my life and
end all of our lives rich
as mike don't worry it could just be a
phone my phone is you so don't worry
about it too much
am ghosties
what I'm dying
Thank You child I'm saying the links in
the chat to the thief mom Casper says
I'm totally okay with laughing at rich
well you're probably going to love the
best of the worst after the next one
that comes out might your favorite
episode ever that's really true yeah
that I mean that was and Mike's gonna
put it all into the Edit Oh 100% all of
it I'm terrified of that episode you you
are terrified I'm terrified yeah no
that's gonna be that's gonna be a
special one and of course the episode
before that was the super long chat
session yeah one one is it being edited
right now the other one we literally
just film last night so best of the
worst have a long turn around it will
you know a lot of footage to deal with
yeah yeah look through three movies and
find all the good bits and it's it's a
project as I understand it
I need to figure out what to do oh okay
there it goes I found it goes find it
goes alright your tone is this is next
asks rich have you auditioned for any
non rlm productions uh no I don't I
don't consider myself an actor I'm just
a schmuck who's hanging out with some
friends of mine
she's the end of the day I've never III
felt self-conscious when I'm doing a
scene with like joseline
she's an actress that's that's what she
does she's doing a scene with me and I'm
just some idiot who blows half my lines
and I feel bad I mean I think you're a
good actor in general that's not sure I
got my moments I think I think you've
been doing it long enough where you know
you have the rhythm down and you take
direction very well you know like if yep
if something and I've seen it on set on
spit space on space copy if Mike or Jay
are looking for something else you you
you know how to listen and you know how
to get what they're looking for okay so
okay and many actors do not they they
got they're gonna do it their way
attitudes well or not just that they
just don't understand how to do it the
way that the director wants to do it
that's and and by the way as a director
that's hard okay like it's hard to get
people to understand what you're looking
for mm-hmm and not even think of having
me try to do anything that's not comedic
anything that's like serious oh my god
that would be I think the utter disaster
that would be hilarious there was a
ghost in here what this is why I'm not
an actor though right where did that
ghost go
somebody says rich more asterisks so
this is very important there's more
accidents than there was for the thief
mod information so I expect the
earth-shattering news wrench please tell
jack to hit the ghost with his light
when it yawns come on rich check do that
good thing they said okay there's
something magical oh we did thank you
that's exactly what I needed Oh Oh what
there was a there was a ghost that was
sitting in a chair and every time you
trying to your light on him he would he
would disappear and so I I thought I
thought I needed to do something else
first okay okay I see what happened
yeah oh it's just watching the thing so
I just needed to wait for him to yawn
and then I can catch him Thank You Chad
I was just getting to that point where I
was I was going to ask for someone to
officially help me because
the area got him everything's fine now
everything's fine now
and yes this game is spooky as rich
should be in a cab ocinski film you know
I would be perfect in a lenka Basinski
film yeah you would be perfect in you
would be perfect you're the next Cameron
Mitchell you know if one wants me to be
in one of his films you must find out
the inner London cab Basinski production
yeah heard a heartbeat yes you heard it
here folks you heard it here first folks
the rich Evans in the next election is
in ski movie it's probably not gonna
happen oh god now everybody sang rich
with asterisks because they know worse
but now it's not gonna work anymore oh
no and I was ruined which have you
played any other Julian Gollop games
over than XCOM the only other one I've
even heard of is I was a major squad and
I have not played it or any other game
since mid so no it's kind of game called
laser squad it's it's it's it's like the
tactical game he made like before it's
got a similar kind of turn-based squad
shooting at things but sounds awesome
Oh aliens that Oh I mean laser squad is
a great name yes that's on sale I want I
want to play a game called laser squad
Hey
go Steve broad you took gonna get you
okay so yeah the other part of this game
is figuring out how to shine your light
on the goat you know how to ensnare them
okay so there's a small puzzle element
to the game you have to do special
things with your light like her I'm
assuming yep shine light in the mirror
no no I needed to open the drapes oh let
me shine a light in the mirror whatever
I'm you know what I bet yeah I bet you
need to do that later
okay okay also apparently you need to
hump the treasure chest to get it open
that was poor animation Jack I don't
think that's appropriate I'd say it was
no 100% not appropriate
apparently my vacuum has like a steam
cleaner setting
it's like a tote out there how do I get
that tote I'm told you need money money
money money money
I'm gonna make in money money making
super disco disco break in rich is your
body moving no no okay all right Jesus
Jesus Christ that's a lot of asterisks
around my name haha well then you better
answer it you know why I like the
question just enough that I'll answer
it's not a super great question but just
the right amount of you know it's like
fairly easy one to answer okay
favorite Mega Man game uh classic
classic Mega Man probably too though my
favorite Mega Man games were the X Games
it's hard to say she was pretty good one
is also good
- two might actually be better but I
owned one when I was younger so I'm more
familiar with it so I'm leaning towards
one x one Mega Man X 1 and 4 classic
Megaman Megaman 2 though it's it's not
even really the same style of game I
absolutely love megaman legends legends
yes oh that's right it's a Zelda esque
3d exploration based dungeon II kind of
game with an overworld in an underworld
it's not a Mega Man game at all but it's
fun game
holy shit my power went out for like two
hours what did I miss
absolutely nothing
literally you missed nothing because I
lost I died in Metroid and my game shave
did not I didn't say my game
so you missed absolutely goddamn nothing
everything is terrible all the time do I
need these bears is there a movie you
have ever changed your opinion on after
you've reviewed it on half in the bag
requests the worst
Jack you ever had second thoughts
I think that's what I need to do here
get this ball in this crib no I'm trying
to think trying to think of a movie that
I was like really down on and maybe also
I guess I guess the answer is no because
I have never rewatched a movie from best
of the worst yeah yeah never ever ever I
rewatched a movie from best of the worst
not even second second thoughts
afterwards like you know maybe he wasn't
as good as I thought I know I was wrong
okay so what about what about what about
with a game and I'm Kubrick in in I
played a little bit both on stream and
off of a stream a little bit of
invisible ink and some of these some of
the magic went away a little bit yeah
yeah this is the second time around
just cuz the changes they've made sense
just cuz the changes end to end like I
knew you know like when when it was new
it was just like oh this is exciting
this is yes Ghana or not a new genre but
it's just like oh you know new new stuff
is always fun and exciting yeah and so
that I think colored is my opinion a
little bit I'm still waiting on the
finished game before I play that one
which by the way is another thing is
we're still waiting on the finished game
you know I here's my here's my thing
with that though even if they don't
finish that yeah but I'm waiting till a
to do because you know long way as well
but I I'm not disappointed with what
they had at the time we reviewed it if
they if they stopped development I had
about okay with it yeah I still I still
you know I like stealth and I liked
turn-based there's a lot of things I
like in that game but the one I would
actually say I kind of had a change of
opinion on after the review for crypt of
the necrodancer I actually started gonna
like that game more game when we did the
review but after the review I started
playing more of the hardcore mode
and it just kind of changed the game oh
this is great it was like everything put
together there's like all the flavors at
once no
baby III have made the wrong assumption
that hardcore mode was just like the the
regular mode the individual zones just
with the with the basic loadout you know
without any of the upgrades it wasn't
that at all it was like run through all
the levels and one wrong fuck it was it
was the mode to be yeah I did the point
where I think that should just be the
default hardcore mode should just be the
default
it's really hard to move the the
controls are incredibly jank as far as
like how you you move the vacuum cleaner
yeah and so that's why that's that's the
issue I'm running into right now you
getting beat up by a baby I'm getting
beat up by a baby he's basically
tomorrow doing what the farm job to be
fair it's the babies ghost I haven't
been beat up by a baby in a game since
Sambas ain't my neighbors but to be fair
that was a 50 foot tall baby right so I
feel that was justified actually I think
it might be tough fighting a 50 foot
tall baby right now
okay okay I think the ghost baby turn
fancy football
that's one we need to play on the stream
Zombies Ate My Neighbors sure I'm down
that
oh that's not I do it I don't know what
I'm doing I don't know what I'm doing
here we go
okay I figured it out I guess you got
him yes good I need to figure out what
I'm doing I mean I'm in like a nightmare
zone with a giant ghost baby
so I'm just saying he's mad because he
could didn't get vaccinated actually
that baby is dead because he didn't get
back zing 100% wrench 100% true
100% sure because by the way babies
can't get vaccinated for measles they
have to wait until they're like 2 years
old or something and so that's the real
problem is if older kids don't get
vaccinated for measles babies can die
yep because they can't that's this is
the harm that it's causing have I ever
disagreed with any of the blanket
reviews not really I've kinda fucked
some points for weak here and they're
rarely rarely I personally hate first
contact a little bit more than Mike did
so when he says it's the three South
Freesat 3670 ninth birth movie ever made
am i putting a little bit higher on that
list I think I like insurrection a bit
more than Mike did so I might have been
easier on insurrection you know what
that's fair easy easier doesn't mean
love either I don't think any of the
next gen movies were good insurrection
if you if you take out some of the
action schlock it's still at best a like
the the third worst well nothing nothing
is worse than descent mm-hmm descent was
awful that long with data being Borg and
more oh Jesus Christ
Ryan what what are the other two
partners I gotta find I gotta find
another one now so that insurrection
would be the third first
gambits was fine
Oh Mark Twain one there's a Mark Twain
how do you not know this Mark Twain I'm
sure if I started watching it I'm sure I
write an episode with Whoopi Goldberg
Oh past Whoopi Goldberg before she was
on the enterprise and time travel and
they find data's head they all kind of
mush together all right
my brain doesn't work this way yes times
are oh I know that I know the name but I
figured more people would know if I just
said the one with Mark Twain I disagree
with like a couple like in general I
think I'm more okay with use of CG in
movies then Mike is I think then all of
you are in general what's how you use it
right but but I mean I'm I'm more okay
with it in general like I want to say
specifically Mike used clips from Speed
Racer as to point out a negative in a
movie and I really like Speed Racer I
don't even know if my Ksenia I just
think that was like an example of a
movie that was entirely CG you know but
I'm trying to think of that and there
have been like very specific examples of
just stuff I didn't care about as much
as Mike seemed to I don't think I don't
think he went far enough in the Indiana
Jones review I think they could have
spent a couple more hours on my a trait
of that movie but that's fine that's
fine
what are the reviews oh and I've never
seen Titanic so so I can I can neither
agree nor disagree with him on Titanic
I'd say I'd say the the weakest part of
any of the Star Wars reviews probably
the the lightsaber size thing that kind
of get what he's getting at but that's
not like a big deal to me it's again you
gotta use this a lightsaber or whatever
he shouldn't use one at all but the fact
that he does uses a lightsaber and oh
sure the yoda lightsaber yeah like if
you had a slug man in Star Wars and yes
Jedi could still be using a lightsaber
of course is gonna think that's kind of
stupid but really dumber things I mean
that was a little bit of padding the
greater point is it ruined all right
oh no but like even that segment where
it's just like the the main point being
that Yoda was cool because he didn't
need a lightsaber and now we're taking
away his cool you know yes like that
that was a really strong point and I
agree with you that like then talking
about his size disadvantage it was kind
of a weak point yeah III hate the scene
where he jumps around - yeah I'm sure
I'm not sensing that seems this point
was fortunately that like the different
aliens wouldn't all be using lightsabers
right because that wouldn't be efficient
for every alien body type that was I
also think I liked wait was there was
there a blanket review of Star Trek yeah
yeah Star Trek that Star Trek oh yeah I
think I liked that one more than he did
in general
okay okay
again I agreed with him on didn't you he
doesn't rip it apart completely in a
week criticizes it but exactly
he also defends bits and pieces of that
movie too it's true it's true but I just
I think that's a pretty fair review
actually the blinkin Star Trek one oh it
is it is and listen this is me
stretching because in general I you I
agree with Mike I agree with Mike Mike
is a smart man mm-hmm I mean you know
he's all right one of the smartest
people I know I'm saying this I'm a
straight line oh okay and I know a lot
of smart people mm-hmm
Mike Mike has a great head on her
shoulders you know it's all right yes
Mike Mike Mike no Mike knows things and
heat Mike more more specifically Mike
Mike chooses his words very carefully
and he speaks very carefully and he's
very good at articulating and
articulating his thoughts and I think
that's uh he's got to analyze situations
no not just analyzing but then also like
turning it around and being able to
explain his analysis and I think that's
a huh that's equally as hard a feat but
yeah yeah Mike is great Mike is cool
well I am Mike is my friend I'm just
being funny people settle the house
they're gonna hate me because I hate
Mike
I hate Mike what a dick
all right I think I think I'm gonna be
done okay
I think that's fine great Sunday I will
do the Orcs Must a little Orcs Must Die
I was gonna say kill the orcs because
that's one of the songs in brutal legend
that kind of high-pitched metal the game
works must die I'll be playing that on
Sunday I think it's the plan Orcs Must
Die on Sunday is it almost I Orcs Must
Die - I'm gonna play one okay if you if
you like if you look at it and decide
you like it and want to play we get
either you can either download it that
night or at some other point we will
play the second one all right I'm down
I'm down so Orcs Must Die on Sunday um
thank you everyone for coming out to my
slightly disappointing stream mostly
because I died and lost all that save
progress very frustrating but it's
reminded me what a beautiful game
Metroid Prime is even even like despite
its awful constraint control scheme it's
still a beautiful game Luigi's Mansion
loses some luster after time but it's
still a very fun game
God close clumb Fandango well should I
finish appoint Jack I'm sorry I'm oh no
no that was just gonna say goodbye so go
ahead when will we see Master of Orion I
I kind of want Jack to play it because
he hasn't played a Master of Orion game
okay
but I'm planning on playing it at some
point okay okay no well yeah me playing
it having slightly nice nice heavy
slightly nice night what have a nice
night everyone thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thank you to everyone
else we just came out we really do
appreciate you guys
hang out with us and thank you for the
subscriptions and thank you to the two
people who helped support strength
