Aug 8, 2015
Rocket League, Bookworm Adventures
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/12721698
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/12723079
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHZjso9vFOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSmh0lXbKbk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/630158398462365696

[Part I]
and ruff we're streaming the stream is
being streamed live from the the stream
sitter what's up how's everyone doing
you say hello
I don't they don't even know you're here
you haven't said won't work well I
figured they'd figure that out sooner or
later
hi it's Karen oh my god where did all my
screens go why didn't mom ice-creams
disappear that doesn't make any sense
everything just everything just what the
hell everything just every every screen
I had open to do this disappear for the
long weekend
what I set up for a long weekend alright
alright I've got my screens back up and
just going to assume we're still
streaming they might be all right so
this is this is a bracket link here you
have her local carp and you play soccer
with it
so I played sacrifice
I have put money for a second as you
want to use that one I want to make sure
that was player ones did these cars did
they die much died you know do they are
they do they pretend to be injured when
they're really not
- I tried to look like I've got a bad
tire or the he hurt my bumper that
suddenly spring up as if nothing
happened when the when the rough
threatens to card though goes this
sucker that would be some accurate stuff
right this is the cars yeah
Karen used to you know your thing which
one you were driving the angel thing you
can wait that's mine
let me options is that me talking are we
I'm like some kind of a delay yeah like
a seven second delay its Karen this is
my fiance hi
I'm gonna I'm gonna exit the game real
quick I turn it back on because I want
to recognize both the controllers so we
can possibly both play the idea although
I really like your little I'm just gonna
unplug my stroller for now and I'm gonna
let you go single player for me mister
shy smile that'll work
well I'll jump in later what you know my
gosh you played a little bit hi perfect
dark and everybody no that's weird
oh is that maybe my ball looks like a
Roly polio I remember my something that
USB port magic fuck like it's goodness
hurt in some giant bug oh that's
unfortunate but you can get up don't you
have like a like Oh Howard oh yeah well
that's at home yeah go to the garage
okay
alright now you can select a different
car do they have different even you can
sort know it's cosmetic but you can just
play around like like just take a look
see what you like where is this like a
first
oh that's cool thank you only all boats
good a lot of vegan good on top ahead
there I hit the oven all right now you
see we still thumbs on the phone if that
wanna go over now you can just different
like pattern yeah you can change the
colors on the pattern so do all the
stars or not yeah alright we had that my
head this button again you if there's
like a HT on a blue team you can change
what shade of blue you are so they go to
the top one hit the Padilla button oh
can I get flowers won't move from worse
than first things first let's pick a car
color first primary color oh I see even
purple you can be light blue fun a
little too far everyone won't do split
screen battle later I mean this is their
first time picking up a controller for
the game it wouldn't really be fair I
played this all last night you know what
I don't all right now go back we let it
go back no you can also right but I'm
back to being regular blue why did you
hit the road I hit the a button not the
top yeah no no no that was a debugger so
I know that right now blue you want all
right
no no wait before you going to do the
screen what kind of finished you want
like semi gloss but metallic go up and
stop hit the Haven all right corroded
metal glossy metallic matte and the
changes like the reflection like you can
look like kind of a messy rusty you want
okay glossy
okay totally gone your medal see you're
heavy man you're heavy metal all right
hit that top way tires even go at minute
oh wait they come in different colors
can you like make the tires compose the
most the different tires are different
colors you'd see them all ago it was
like the red ones
there's the green ones have dollar signs
around them I had that thought button
what kind of rocket trust you want when
you use the rocket boost it rainbows
yeah Oh flowers
hey bud anyone yeah here only upper
shoulder but yeah here all the hats your
cars I got a halo on right now
firefighter hat Fez and devil horns
mariachi and taxi crown sombrero a lot
of propeller
okay now that top button
you're still the propeller no hit though
that's have fun okay now what antenna do
you want
there's more up top to is a few more
keep going up I have no idea
warframe Excalibur it looks like a
thumbs up to me oh you do country eggs
yep
did you like the UN you just BIA my
whatever's in there I'm not sure what's
in there I might be Hong Kong just
because it's such a nice attractive
dinner go work I totally forget you can
be like the smiley face I called that
one wrong
I thought you'd see the smiley face you
already got to talk about the admissions
I think it'd be
this somehow advances is pretty cute
they look dear I mean it whatever you
want
hey now you have your car okay hit the
the B button B but oh wait actually yeah
all right you want to play against
dorable y'all play against the computer
or you won't play against the actual
people well the computer have mercy on
my soul
they said that you have an echo that's
like 30 seconds behind like 30 seconds
behind me okay a rich and I out of sync
oh you know what I must team the stream
is probably thanks for pointing it out
I'm going to fix that right now
I think the audio I believe the stream
open so I I know we're actually
streaming and get the audio from that
that should mention that sticker thank
you
dammit I worked hard to hit the audio
good the stream started Sarah I'm upset
about that is a flub that's totally on
me we say Wednesday Sunday but no we
thought it would be a pleasant surprise
I was up here and rich yes she's not
just not free Sunday night yeah
comically really yeah well no I said
I'll work quite as comically early this
Monday I'm going in a bit later but but
yeah III work early better off tomorrow
so we're free to stream tonight right
cuz I'm gonna have to you've got go to
bed or turn into a pumpkin I'll go with
a good exhibition get some experience of
the game for you online does I'll just
be yeah yeah um three verse three
Ricky random just go to create match
my blue or orange or uh you pick oh you
didn't you didn't customize your shave
orange but just goes blue this is an
orange team a blue team
guess guess is the all right you just
keep jumping if you want I don't mind a
trigger and then the other side that's
reverse so you better act its last uh
you see that little thing on your bottom
right yeah that's that's the number of
oh you drive over those yellow my in the
goal you're you're in the yeah I'm
steering the steer with the d-pad why oh
my god would you rather stare with a
demon do you pad I can change that yeah
the Gopher Oh can be laying on its back
and be like a turtle you can get back up
they don't they don't screw over why
don't I just go often right just like an
Easter card the trigger and the glove
and I'm using like a rocket how do I
just go this button here oh that's yeah
let's go I was trying that I know you're
using the rocket you thought that was
the gas I understand well I mean I
figure it's a guess I just know where it
was glue there's the vault
this is why I want you to play versus
the robots ball looks like some kind of
a B or something
start smashing elbows shoot that when
you hit the market you get to get
rainbows grass oh you you did flowers
I'm sorry did I always send flowers
coming out of my ass
I always say your shit smells like roses
exactly I said my friends head that ball
you can jump with the a button too if
you want to do like a header you can
double matter double yeah yeah
yeah hit the ball of the goalball is
where is the ball there it is if you
want to focus on the ball
I don't know this will be distracting
you the top button why the yellow one
that puts the camera on the ball so you
can just steer around the ball they
might be confusing that might be
disorienting view because you're not use
3d games you just set it back you can
just set it back it's too much for my
brain
try the Rockets hit the ball you blow it
up you rammed into them with the Rockets
you rear-ended somebody
oh you're speeding damn it no that's a
good thing oh but I didn't get the ball
on the sensor you know you say fuck shit
piss Nick what can I do
yeah cocksucker motherfucker tits and
ass tits fish I can't remember the
George Carlin cocksuckers what am I even
trying to go in you were blue you want
to hit the ball on the one yeah I'm
playing on PC because because apparently
I don't have PlayStation Plus so I
couldn't get the free version on the ps4
so I just bought it on steams I had I
have so much fun playing this the other
night do you have a ps4 yeah we have for
the show oh it was a busy they're up to
four already
it was a business success oh yeah we are
doing it oh my god you overshot the car
no I didn't go in reverse we got back up
behind the ball oh that's true I could
just drive back all this candy what
happened to be due racket in the little
D there you can fly a little bit you
don't have much fuel but you you hit
jump and then hit the rocket and point
like a stick back you can like put your
nose up in the air I Nevada you're out
of juice okay
hit that ball the ball little fool you
juice cousin you're growing these things
were filling my juice yeah the yellow
things on the ground are filled with
rocket no the ones of the ball over them
the fill it all the way and the other
ones fill it like 10% or something
I was free on PlayStation Network last
month so I missed it anyway okay well
then I definitely don't feel bad buying
the steam version watch me suck I'll
pick it up later we'll do two of us and
then we'll bill online after that I know
it is you're hitting your own goal I
know
yeah I'm not a Colombian soccer player
that murdered me yeah and everybody
remembers that folk band huh well I was
a team ruff it was a team basically run
by drug wars though I'm not kidding that
was a whole documentary of I like I
think they're their major patron was
that sand of all go that charge
the whatever else they say Spanish what
babblers a little bit embarrassing it's
mostly job-related
turn around oh my god you don't even
know her with direct comment at the wall
I can space him hey I gotta go in turn
it drip turn that germ kicked it all the
way that jerk I think I heard some oh my
god
with you whiffed well at least with
these cars you know that nobody can like
thank you you what so right John you
forgot not to watch these streams during
your hangover all the 3d spinning I
think it's my yelling role ah that's
true we never did think we'd see rich so
enthusiastic about soccer or cars scogan
can you do they've like tanks no you've
seen our every car I have no tanks
unfortunately I'm sorry that's a shame
or semis semis be come on up a
ridiculous nice I might a goal in your
fine we're like car carriers you push a
button and all these little cars come
off of it
it's our doing shit for you a little
smaller cars you know like a semi and
then like numbers that come off well
let's see how they come on the field
inside the game yeah fall off of the car
come off of the car terrier or a fairy
or something
goodness
anything
see no motor back no Karen nobody knows
to the firearm you're actually gonna
have to explain the fire are Chicago's
major league soccer team what the hell
is Major League Soccer sort of like
major league baseball but you know a lot
less money
so it's like amateur soccer it's
professional it's just that soccer isn't
one of our national sports it's not the
national pastime it's not the runner-up
the national pastime it's not third it's
probably not fourth but it might be a
comfortable fifth if if you could list
all of the US MLS teams would you end up
with basically a list that was just the
worst soccer teams in the world the
worst professional soccer teams but
would they would they coincide they have
a lot of the people that are on the
national team they get some Sun Bob yeah
but our national superstars from but our
national team sucks like we used to
yes Jack Jack will not be joining his
son he had something going on something
around it this is kind of a prompt to
anyway yeah yeah this wasn't planned out
this was just like hey you wanted let's
play the game hey you want to stream it
hey why not yeah come in town why not no
he's heard fish burgers
no don't hit it on that side oh my god
you have a right angle
don't you fair though oh thanks now the
way max out of the way
so gonna get over that use your racket
yo this game is so I love it when you
love something you just make the cute
voices get it you should use your enjoy
trying oh oh come here
c'mere ball come here boy come on
with some you lose some
one last game he scored the winning goal
little cars didn't didn't voice me on
their little shoulders and cheered
Oh what kind of other cars never
exempted yes fuck you gravity Teddy
Ruxpin although honestly if this was
like no gravity and they were like
rockets and they could like move in
every single dimension that would be
like
we're just yeah we're just having fun
this isn't like professional gaming
that's good because nobody on the right
mind would baby get it to nobody
nobody watches our streams for
professional gaming that's good
they might get it from anyway you might
you might don't don't worry you can jump
follow that little gray girl that moves
around
let's go too hard your car oh that shows
what the balls
big bulky big bag I hid why that focus
remember that focus is my ball you
didn't turn that off no it wasn't a
question
oh it was why not wh-why can I blow them
up if I just go behind ya and you use
the market yeah I have to build up a
little bit of speed while you're and me
doing but like like from try it
aim for one in four carb warm up the
ball in the net I never get tired do
they we have two controllers this is
this is Karen's first time playing the
game we're gonna let her get familiar
with it then we'll know what tried to do
then we'll do doubles Hey
you have fun for another minute 16
seconds and then I'll then I'll play a
game you can talk to the chat and I'll
play a game okay I'll play online people
people who are able to find me online
can play a game against me and then
we'll do doubles after that that's not
good
Oh
sukkah
Oh
I'm heir
you know you got you got it out hit it
out
deserve slow down though uh yeah the
other side this the side use for break
the other side is this side let's just
make me drive backwards well yeah but
when you're going fast you can use it to
slow down just don't like hit him out
yeah that's okay okay all right calm
down calm down talk to talk to people in
the chat I will play for a bit you want
lots of B kill decal hi life is great
when you can't trust the tap water need
to brush your to you since rich and
Karen are engaged can we call their
streams half in the bat sure sure
ballin game no then sound enough like
chain alright
I'm playing online remember the thing I
forgot don't panic though my towel don't
forget your towel you want to be a
Hoopoe fruit I don't know how this
friend requests stuff works so if you
can find me join it I know somebody
found this last time we stream this so I
don't know we haven't Saturday there's a
button you hit
thank you just this guy you know colored
weird recently first I think I said hi
there Karen welcome back Frank
to which I said thank you I just had a
little trouble he's like a mint green
had a little bit of trouble reading it
on the screen for a second some some
people might not see the comment you're
responding to some sometimes sometimes
it's obvious dead someone so says ah
a space cop wins the film coming out one
of done bang evident
half of the night don't you got anything
better to do well apparently we don't
your chat name is a hitchhikers right
that's how I prove rich has lost some
weight hitch has lost some weight
hitchhikers reference so there there
will be food there indeed you'll be
fruits
yeah well bother green it's utterly
impossible to see its attention-getting
oh your name is minty green isn't that
the guy from
dirty jobs
throw the whole bunch of bullets Cassie
the one work with a look where his
little girl was like Beth okay right now
the guy on TV Dirty Jobs
no no no no no no no no the guy who
wrote the book Dirty Jobs
no not Micro minty green is one of the
characters in the book dirty job
switches up I don't know he had the
wrong white bigger house I got kind of a
fantasy look up what up what books
you're like the book is a good book
it really is I gave it to somebody
Christopher Moore
and since the authors are usually better
at describing these things than I am
this evening well basically his his his
daughter is deaf and she's got like hell
doesn't anyone who plays rocket League
loaf rocket League it's adorable
it really is the one was the last 3d
games we played have you played any 3d
game well I played Marv Lego Marvel
superheroes they get to call or smash
and I and I finished I actually finished
when we were living down by Chicago
Indiana Jones a Lego Oh God okay my bad
and I played some Super Mario Kart
I remember Mario 64 used to make you
sick like motion second yeah I can only
play a limited
that kind of listen to be doing alright
for the moment
cameras
atomic anatomical palm that's cute
anatomical bow mom Karen um Burgess
fiancee yeah thank you just this guy you
know
Lego dimensions oh you fucker what's
like a dimensions uh I think there's a
new Lego thing that's kind of like a
Minecraft open-world build things with
Lego blocks game that's sounds
potentially fun depending on what the
interface is like I mean if it's really
cumbersome that might be annoying but I
really enjoyed the Sims and
rollercoaster tycoon and I'd like to
know when they're gonna come out what
they keep saying they're gonna come out
with like a PC like Laura coaster tycoon
4 and I would totally love that
this rollercoaster tycoon 3 is a great
game but it's got like Bill Clinton and
Drew Carey in it it's so old hurry do
carry still around well of course but I
mean it's it's it the game was made back
in the Clinton administration is my
point and he's not famous for the same
things he was back then but no no but
but my point is that that you know it
that that's like for most for
presidential terms ago it's like a 15
year old game at this point or something
close it might have been during Bush's
first term but it was
but they need to come up with her sequel
damnit
um I don't know if the roller-coaster
tycoon game was in III or not I know
that they released a game which I've
seen it got 400 views and it sounds like
just in-app purchasing nightmare
aversion but I haven't tried it for for
the mobile platforms but yeah I exactly
pay to win and all that but I mean just
oh you know I'd like to see a
continuance of rollercoaster tycoon
the PC version but but gather that that
pay to play and pay to win and in app
purchasing stuff it's just gotten
ridiculous I've got no problem paying
for a game but yeah just I don't like
being nickel and dime no exactly
now expansion packs are one things I
mean the sims took it sometimes to
ridiculous extremes but at least even
without the expansion packs the Sims was
a nice game even if you never bought a
single expansion cap pack it could be a
lot of fun and then you know there was
all the user created stuff well would I
suggest for a shy guy to do in order to
rule girl yourself
yeah unless you're just looking for a
one-night stand then definitely don't
for yourself yeah but if you want
something real
you got it or something yeah there's I
think there's somebody for everybody
we retired well or some people was no
okay there's a couple people we know
that I'm not gonna mention any names but
there's one that keeps pestering you
yeah what what what's my bag yeah anyone
who tries to break
you can see the sky no I'm not playing
it don't look it's got a city side
skyline is that rollercoasters in the
background there might be all kinds of
crazy things in the background just such
a part of a roller coaster
is Jay trying to silky no J's not trying
to scale Karen
I only know J is one of Rich's
co-workers besides he probably has a
girlfriend but I don't even know ah damn
it
speech top poster here in one bin amid
rich sign I'm sure there's some kind of
DNA on there to you yeah hopefully
finger DNA that's that's just sick so if
there's DNA on there do you want it
clone which
while we lost some guy hadn't seemed to
stop playing could you unlock the
Whizzer that I unlike the William at
which I'm not gonna use yeah I don't
like the wizard hat but you need like a
beanie that you can actually use to
hover around and fly maybe a pool at
your card and go swimming in so there's
anyone in the chat no I'm playing this
on Steam how do I get something going
with with steam friends how do we do
that how do we get you guys in here
don't you put me on your team we don't
know how I don't know how I D doohickey
too if you can you can instruct us how
to put you on our team we would be happy
to put any of you on our team in this
game we just can't figure out how
you're not asking me how to make friends
I've got like 200 and esteemed friends I
just don't know how to use them pick use
them you didn't use friends
that's just sitting back do nothing okay
because his create party down by your
screen name Richard Malcolm says stuff
sir Stuckey
somebody says sloshed from DuckTales
sir getting sloshed said that they won't
accept his friend request I might I'm
full I can't I I have no more room I'm
not being mean or rude my Steam friends
are full they limit it uh yeah all right
it's dumb okay create party here we go
it says you'd be due to local players
online keep in mind that I sucked choose
friends do and bashing I like just
beating up on the car I've got a big
empty list a big completely empty list
yeah it's just a gradient of a black
very black and gray gradient let me try
that again
everybody another something here
no message is not working
fine man's private man so you click on
private match would you try that
it says if you tried doing it to the
steam overlay rich do you know what that
is
see I don't I don't really I mean I
installed steam on my computer but I
haven't really used it too much
I've only use it for Lego Marvel Super
Heroes why it doesn't really I mean that
might be a multi-player way to do it but
I just don't
captain clue so G if you click on
private match it sets you on fire yeah
okay never mind
okay I think I know all right
I think it's gonna work there's got work
although I look like sort of like rich
except a lot shorter these long how
about the receding hairline Palin
brown-haired I am in online mode that's
impossible
that's unpossible it's telling me I'm in
offline mode when I know I'm I shouldn't
be there was Dino spumoni there was you
know four player games even bagged me
NES games
Dave NES days all right um I don't know
why that's not going online I'm exiting
completely fucking faggot exit you
reconnecting streaming to the inner
esteem to the Internet and it's somebody
says that they see you as offline yeah
it's I keep clicking go online ABA and
then it says restart offline though and
I click ok then steam restarts and it's
still an offline mode which is weird
that makes no sense hmm I don't want to
restart the computer because everything
you know the stream is all set up to go
here well how long does it take to
restart the whole thing if we just
disappear for a minute come back you
think that'll fix it I don't know I
don't know why it's doing this in the
first place it makes no sense
we have a rich recites poem - Karen
stream go online I don't know if rich
knows any poems by heart shall I compare
thee to a summers day thou art more
lovely er by far come on hold on hold on
you stupid steam alright the chat is
talking about whale boobs
I think whales have like fairly viscous
milk that they shoot it into their
babies mouths or something
nursing under understand under water
isn't interesting I never thought of
that because this kind of it makes you a
mammal and they're married yeah I mean I
wouldn't make no sense for them to have
like vestigial no it was kind of useless
know if they nurse their babies weird
and the first actually their first
concerned when they have a baby is
getting it up to the surface so it can
breathe friends is not available an
awful I know that I am NOT
I don't understand your stinger you just
don't get me man man you just don't get
me hmm let's try this again I'm done
trying it keeps turning itself into
offline there we go
we have people we have people we have
acheived people
okay so let's create party
who is who's in this game right
doohickey cos he's in this game
obviously I'm not inviting people who
are doing other things so if you own
this game and you're on Steam and you
want to play and you're one of my
friends turn on raggedly and if we're
not one of your friends it's because
steam won't let us have more nothing
Kirsten yeah I'm full
hi Thyssen if that's how you say that
all right oh my god one of my friends
here was actually playing raggedly
the invite was sin assuming he's still
on he was on earlier
why don't we saw the name mm-hmm and
this is Gary you're targeting high
richest fiance yes I know I know I need
to build badges to add more friends I
you don't understand how quickly my
friends thing fills up you only get like
five at a time
five sick friends lots of time
I was one of my son awesome alright I've
got some poetry for you you read poetry
Oh Fred old grunt fugly thy Mick
durations are to me as plural gabble
blotches on allergen be group i implore
thee my fatigue curling drones and hoop
tisha Slee drangle me with crinkly
bindle whirls or I will rend the in the
gobble warts with my blur girl crunchin
see if I don't what a fucker
so where's poem in the world goes on for
oh my god I remember this no yeah I
don't remember the bit I don't remember
what the actual poem was yeah well I
looked it up he was China he was that
where prosthetic vogon jeltz is trying
to torture Ford Prefect and Arthur Dent
with Zaphod the Vogon that Vogon poetry
famous for writing the second worst
poetry in the galaxy right is that the
deal
well no I think so
nothing worse can be heard by man except
possibly you and your issue it's good
here oh honey Piper
your charms
Oh
ah yeah that's it you get to be a red
car
well you get randomly assigned red or
blue margin loop and go either way where
the Knights who say me bring us a
shrubbery
learn my thoughts on bearded rich I like
it you know for years he said he
couldn't grow a beard and it came in
patchy but it is uh yeah we're gonna
block my angle guys wait up completely
cut out how in his 30s it finally seems
to be filled in nicely and I like it
tried I tried before never work yeah
poor he never really got past the
Indiana Jones stage before he started
looking patchy but but now it actually
fills in pretty nicely
the hair from the top of my head
migrated to my face yeah so you know say
I like even-even all sense no his red
beard the fire in here it's got a
distinct reddish tint which isn't isn't
surprising because dad's right
mother Sara my father's beard
and our asses kicked in making
getting our asses kicked mediocre it is
can I read out the speech and the
opening theme of Star Trek next
generation before
visit of wages
these are the toys with the Starship
Enterprise it's continuing mission to
seek out new life and new civilizations
for getting something here to boldly go
where no one has gone before
my favorite intro is still tales from
the darkside do that man lives in the
sunlit world of what he believes to be
reality but there is unseen by most an
underworld a place that is just as real
but not and Sprite we blaze a dark side
oh we're gonna rest the direct sight is
always there waiting for us to enter
waiting to enter us until next time try
to enjoy the day sing the voyagers
saying you know what I think I'm not
that big envoy interesting but not a lot
of people love it but how does it go I
can t remember how it's pretty close
right now
I'm more of a next-gen classic truck
kind of person although I would have to
go with the next gens being my favorite
team once there's something to be said
for da da oh I meant the show oh
definitely
oh yeah the classic truck probably has
the best theme song I like that's
Garrick to meet new and interesting
civilizations and bore them to death
with political drama yes food for your
brain god damn it it's not pew pew Star
Trek's for smart people like the stories
and not laser swords
it's flunking I spend a lot of time in
that cave yes I wanted to get their
money's worth out of that set you got to
make cheap Stevie yeah we can't spend a
18 million dollars every episode we'll
see that's why I like play like comic
book adaptations of these things like
the Batman 66 comic book they they have
like you know airplane action scenes and
giant walking plants and things that you
know you could never do on a 60s TV
budget but you can do them as a drawing
Roddenberry stole the rights the theme
song for the crate from the crater I
don't know dr. tellers it's there so
that it's possible I mean that said
right Mary wasn't a perfect human baby
that's that's generally unfortunate a
lot of the rest days I can't condone
that if he did but I really don't know
anything about it
I love Star Trek I don't necessarily
love everything about Gene Roddenberry
everyone who's ever had anything to do
in Star Trek rich-rich disses Star Wars
bites the hand that feeds it which grew
up a fan of Star Wars like most of us I
I like the original movies it was until
I started getting more familiar with
like the universe and whatnot that I
realized that it's not for me I don't
like I don't like the fantasy aspect
which has kind of become what Star Wars
all about like in the movies I love the
spaceships I love Java
I love the Vulcan I love Don solo yo-yo
died and I was mush Ibaka and AD Solo in
the in the lightsaber fights and Darth
Vader with his little evil villain bits
cuz he was like a robot man I don't care
about his magical powers a board games
he's a mate you have Bors Ames great
visual camera overhead you do a board
game stream when he just like focus a
camera on the on the floor
or on the cards if you're playing like a
cardboard game
enterprise steam is so bad yeah it's
definitely not the yeah but yeah I mean
those those the started Star Wars and
the twilight zone the hands
it's just timeless um I don't know
Oh quantum leap I was thinking about
that cuz the enterprise because Scott
back on ya Bakula like Dracula they have
a virtual tabletop simulator like for
like stick Lords on Steam there's a
table time I've never had it what kind
of what kind of game so that I could you
play like sorry or monopoly or you might
be able to like build your own sorry to
use I don't I don't really know I can
only have like checkers you want not the
Star Trek theme to the perfect strangers
intro video that's how it's interesting
I like that show we used to watch that
at dinnertime dad and what was the one
with the rerun and what's happening dr.
Sam Beckett never returned home yeah
didn't they just end it and then he
found he found God who was also a
bartender and then he just kept doing
what he's doing
oh never get to see his wife again
there's now yeah I hate at the end of
quantum leap
apparently the next leap never was the
leap home ACTA J dad was mean well at
least he didn't you know say we regret
the inconvenience and a giant sign hey
you know what I would appreciate it if
God did that that you know I that would
never go a long way to easing my beef
with God did you say hey God that's why
I'm an atheist
did you see the mean that I'm opposed to
the other day with with Marvin the
Martian and Marvin the robot Marvin
robot said Marvin the Martian that he's
so depressed oh yeah
show sliders hey yeah it's good concept
but they got too weird with it after a
while it was alternate universes where
history happened slightly differently
like they went to a world where Russia
won the Cold War I kind of think well
kind of like that one episode of Star
Trek there's a parallel
Ryker's stuck on a planet
like that's not really parallel universe
I was just oh that was just a duplicate
of Riker this is more our alternate
histories like well where we'll get
there what won't war - oh they have that
that's an Amazon thing good a date you
November they have a slider sliders is
like a group of characters in a segment
there was a science thing that would
take them to alternate dimensions they
adamantly couldn't find their own good
they're trying to find their way to
their own home we've all watched a bunch
of those Amazon pilots last time I was
up oh man the castle the man in the high
castle and the downward dog or whatever
it was or the guy was running a yoga
studio today and they decided if they're
gonna make any of those in the series
yet I don't know I really liked
transparent you see that one at all no
it's a series that an amazon original
series where the family patriarch
becomes a woman but it's it's funny and
touching and it's gonna go in their
second season this fall stirring on
what's his face from Arrested
Development the dad don't know I think a
sauna works a little actual TV
and when did we liven things up by
talking about the heat death of the
universe how do you feel about to heat
that from the universe
it sounds sucky but I'm probably gonna
be dead when it happens do you think
that's how the universe could end you
think it's gonna be the crunch what no I
think it probably will just lying down
which is really a boring way to go we'll
give me a secondary Big Bang the whole
space-time expanding bending thing is
kind of I don't know if it's beyond my
Ken or I just haven't thought about it
the right way a googolplex years after
he death yeah I don't know I mean how
did the universe get to be here in the
first place know that everything gets
set up for the Big Bang this again would
find intervention noticed it was that
you know who made that yeah
why is there a universe at all obvious
if there wasn't even be here talking
about everybody
deep freeze of death big crunch
the Stephen King fan oh god no great
premises horrible execution actually
they're asking me oh oh oh I thought
ideas turtles over that I'm a fan of the
ideas but just so long and meandering
most of the time they just seem to get
worse and worse that bike I like his
ideas that just don't necessarily enjoy
reading his books I want to like it
that's going in no no that carts got a
propeller hat it's awesome and I Anna in
a gingerbread man antenna
cute ooh I'm playin wait a minute huh
rich you read the dark tower Avenue and
I was at the stand
I understand great opening great premise
great opening and then did the meanders
firm like 700 pages of meanders and then
the ending just kind of happens and it's
the most unsatisfying ending that
anybody has ever written
they enjoyed Lauren but read read like
the first hundred pages great
Lauren Bewkes broken monsters as far as
horror movies horror books gone
he's like a serial killer it was like
taking people and animals and gluing
them together and some other weird stuff
Oh in addition to glowing people to
animals in addition to moving people the
animals yeah it's like there's spirit
that it's kind of cest the guy is making
it do the whole thing and trying to
bring about stuff
advantage getting in the rail
unless you unless you're a subscriber
for trying to get over your Dylan 37
that mean this room or what
oh that's that's the documentary step up
the training we watched it okay
you didn't care for it yeah and I didn't
really care for you here and some it was
a thing and that kind of documentary is
up our alley but that particular one not
so much
it's all on me I really like the one
about dead resurrect dad a planet you
burn oh the Toynbee time yeah that one's
really good
you know I was like sick time to explain
this cuz people know 23 times okay
there's some guy and I guess it started
in like Philadelphia or something and he
was they didn't really know who was
doing it but these who I saw one once
actually in Chicago I was I was walking
around downtown now there's this thing
on the street actually like in the
pavement these tiles and they're like
vinyl but they're like hot glued down
yeah they're melted into like the
pavement basically yeah and but what's
the message on the time um there's some
of money or other resurrect dead and
planet Jupiter twin be idea Kubrick's
2001 resurrect dead on planet Jupiter
and this is thing that's melted under
the pavement yeah that says this this
guy was like obsessed with like art with
Arthur Toynbee or whatever there is no
so with the 2001 Stanley Kubrick but
these things appear all over the country
and nobody know who is doing it's not
just in Chicago there in Chicago
Philadelphia in New York there's one
that what they found in Brazil oh my
gosh really offices were just showing up
and nobody know who's putting their own
how nobody knows what the guy who's
doing this like nobody has any idea
wow they take some raises so the peep
the person who raised it adamantly
thinks he knows yeah
okay that was one of the better
documentaries I've seen the king of Kong
was really good - the one about the
people who are trying to have the world
records for like King Kong and pac-man
and they're just cutthroat bastards
fucking going Mitchell Oh God cocksucker
I'm Jupiter
oh yeah fully killed the hitch by it
some of us some asshole bit I mean I'm
sure there are plenty of people in
Philadelphia think it's bullshit that
they killed the hitch but but why would
you take away something so many other
people are enjoying right from which the
hitchbot what's the hitch but oh there
was a robot that somebody but they built
in that oh he not yeah I think sad but
like why are you hitching a putt well we
say robot right listen robot okay not a
real bud sure but I do we say robot like
yeah I mean I guess it's not a blog like
bu TT but the hitchbot okay pixels
Terrell I heard a horrible things about
it of course some of the movies that I
like
I've got horrible reviews - but it's a
phantom salmon boots well that's never
prophecy
but yeah hitchbot was up was up a
robot's Canada yeah a man does for
cinema but xox does for my ass it's
hitchbot was a robot that was did it
actually do anything or do you think it
just had a fire yeah kind of camera I
think it had a camera yeah and I'm not
sure exactly how they communicated with
people where it was gonna go the idea
was that that the president put a
mannequin whether I go camera on a
tracker out on the street with a sign
that says hitch into whatever city yeah
see who would pick it up and how far it
would go wanting to track its movements
yeah and then they did it in a couple
different continent in Canada my
goodness our Europe and that made it
through it went through Europe and it
made it a little while in the US and
then you know it didn't philadelphia
some drunk selfish bastard destroyed it
oh they responded simple voice commands
and took pictures oh it did so hopefully
you know
well somebody will fund the rebuilding
of this thing a bigger better cuter
pitch Bob maybe with some better-looking
arms and legs maybe baby mace that
shoots out of its mouth but somebody
tries to attack it just don't go
anywhere near Philadelphia or any other
city in the u.s. the city of brotherly
love but I guess robots aren't brothers
everyone knows Philadelphia's for
answers it's common it's nice except for
all of our fans who were in Philadelphia
they're all French people I know some
nice people to pull it out of it I hear
it was like a football game we're like a
bunch of people beat up a guy dressed as
Santa Claus at least as far as sports
goes the fans are infamously jackasses
it's probably just a small minority of
jackasses forgive me everyone else bitch
sure sure
it's probably not good for
philadelphians either you know I don't
feel safe going to games in their own
city of people are being chanting ever
I don't think it did turn out the
hitchbot destruction was almost
I've not had one goal today oh the video
constructions oh this is terrible
I had one florists I was playing great
you're doing better than I am
I was playing in Ricky boy class people
real live human damn it
hitchbot is alive do not destroy no
number 5 is alive Johnny 5 how many
people actually remember that will they
get that reference don't run me man I
know it it's just on the tip of my
tongue
short-circuit yeah oh that was so
adorable
my favorite moving robot yeah Johnny 5
number 5 is alive baby well he had such
an expressive face I mean they'd be gave
him like eyelid yet he still looked very
much like a robot
yeah yeah mistake ibly robot but an
expressive robot more expressive than ET
really oh that much detail into the
rover suit
short circuit two is a better one
chicken - is good ones my favorite but
it's a good Sue's not bad it's good
series yeah it's better than a lot of
sequence you sure I think we'll ever
make a break
no because it's been so long they do
what other shirts are it'll be a blue
reboot and Johnny Five will look like an
iPod yeah so the route 3 bucks reboots
and he'll be voiced by Rob care golf
wait because fuck you
I did I don't know I meant out you've
seen it or Kara but I did see the
Deadpool trailer finally looks fun it
looks like they understand done well I
very much enjoyed the Deadpool killer
straighted classics classic me see those
where it was like he was going through
classic novels and like excitement I
don't know this it's it's an us it's a
series of Deadpool comics where he
travels through he's like trying to kill
the ideas upon cuz he keeps going to
different parallel universes I think and
and killing his rivals no just people
you know superheroes and stuff he's and
in he he's having a hard time it seems
like there's just so many universes and
so many of them that he wants to kill
the ideas the very you know fundamental
notions upon which these things are
based so so he starts going through like
classic novels and stuff and he's trying
to kill it you're gonna kill a little
women and then you know two pages later
he's stabbing Moby Dick in the blowhole
it's just yeah he's just you know easy
he's going through all the you know your
favorite classic 19th century public
domain work of course of course and just
brutally offing them I think my favorite
is the one with but for the cover where
he's gay
one we want us but it's harder winning
war he
right in the blowhole I'm kind of
surprised we even know who Deadpool is
well for a little while I had the Marvel
unlimited
subscription thing going on so I could
just read all the Marvel's column added
but admittedly me being me a lot of what
I read was stuff like black John the
Animal Defenders cuz no need to
apologize I'm a dark you like what you
like you don't like standard it's not
like it's more mature to like a standard
superheroes I mean I like I like the
weird stuff guys and tights who hit each
other well I did I did like Hawkeye I
really enjoyed that the Hawkeye stuff
but I liked lumberjanes and Batman 66
and Wonder Woman 77 that was common the
Bears odyssey's good then reading it
Odyssey
yeah I'm gonna become three many years
yeah but you lockjaw is better than the
desert Inhumans movie there might be a
problem okay yeah I enjoyed the jelly
and whoever else graphic novel in the
comic book series in like the late 90s I
think it was
their weird concept the image I can't
they were done well in that one
I know Steve Ditko had a stick up his
Aspen
Stanley must have been on the drugs
Stanley almost certainly on drugs I'm
making them that special 2019 Wow what
oh those Inhumans yeah scary thing is
that's only four years you know yep
where are old people yeah you know this
how I got rammed a human stuck it
depends on how they're handled tiny
turnover I mean that's my mother handle
tiny turned up it's just saying that
with a straight face I don't know how
you did it
the girl from agents of shield who's the
girl
I haven't seen I don't have I'd like I'd
watch TV
that's not streaming since rich took the
space cut part he's just in the kid okay
check now paycheck baby daddy gots to get paid.
Did Rich think he was elderly in high school?
Yes. 
I, I didn't know Rich especially well in high school.
We only ever had one class together.
Our, our social circles overlap, but oddly it wasn't until just after high school everybody started hanging out.
Yes.
We both ended up at the same Community College. 
We were friends in high school. We just...
Yeah.
We didn't have as much opportunity to hang out.
We knew each other by name and face, but, you know, neither of us drove, and we didn't live in the same subdivision or whatever, so, uh, same town even. So.
Karin was too cool for Rich. Karen wasn't too cool for anybody.
Um, I'd, I'd say that's true, though. That, that you were too cool for me.
I wasn't, I was not a snob.
You didn't act that way, I'm just, just socially, you're above me in high school.
No, I, I wasn't, I was never a snob or anything.
No, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying I was, like, lowest man on the totem pole.
Not that I gave a shit. I didn't care what anybody thought of me in high school.
Well, by high school, I didn't care anymore. I mean, junior high was torture, but I had my, I had my friends, and we were all a little nerdy.
High school is when I decided I don't give a fuck what anybody thinks about me.
Yeah. Oh, I'm your trophy wife, is what they're saying.
Yeah.
okay
Oh, nice save. Not that it matter, you're still getting demolished.
They said you got your education on the street.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Funny thing is, this is like Crazy Taxi. The car can never take any damage, despite the fact that...
They blow up occasionally.
Yeah, but then they're fine.
They get better.
Yeah.
She turned me into a newt.
Got better.
They never have any, like, crunches or anything.
Downers Grove?
You want. you want them to have an ab workout?
Is that what you're telling me?
From Downers Grove?
Slosh from DuckTales is in Downer's Grove?
Yeah?
That's not that far from where we grew up.
It's not that close, either.
Maybe 20, 30 miles.
I know the cemetery.
Did I have any classes with Mike Stoklasa?
No, I never did. I think Mike was a year behind us.
Mike was a junior when we were seniors.
Yeah, Mike Mike was a year behind us.
I had art classes with Mike.
That's how I got to know Mike.
Yeah.
And I, I only took art my senior year.
I, I really should have taken it all four.
I mean, it was terribly fun, like, okay, go outside and draw.
What could be more fun than that.
Okay, we're just gonna, you know, doodle all day.
We're gonna paint.
I mean, I, I loved it.
I should have taken it all four years, but I only took Art I.
Rich was, like...
Good job, Doohickey.
...the art guy.
What did I major in?
Prerequisites.
I, I wanted to major in geology, but I mean, yeah.
An in-transfer, but I, I never, ended up doing that.
Come back.
Make it.
Come back.
One more, and we're in this.
Rich majored in art, didn't you?
Yeah, yeah.
Art, and was it film design, or...
I, I didn't know what I wanted to do.
That was my problem.
I didn't have a solid plan for school.
I majored in, ooh, Len, Len Flacasynscki says I majored in picking up sexy boyfriends.
Rich. Rich and I...
So you failed that class?
Got kicked out of art for cheating in fingerpainting?
That's terrible.
Damn.
I love that little propeller on its head, or roof, or whatever.
Made, made the comeback, and we just gonna hold on.
I'm gonna take a little pee break, then come back and we'll play.
You go, you go right ahead, you urinate.
Void my bladder?
You void that bladder. Yeah, you go girl.
Tap a kidney?
Rich used his toes in fingerpainting to get through art class?
Could be worse.
Victory.
We did it everybody.
We won.
We dids it.
We go again.
How, how's everybody enjoying this, this stream, this fine stream?
We all know how good I am at filling time.
I'm only good for stupid comments when other people are talking.
That's all I'm good for.
And fucking up in rocket League.
Oh, cool.
You guys have a painting of the TV test stream. That's awesome.
We got, we have lots of things.
I know you do.
Oh, damn. 
I got blowed up.
Yes, Karin is very interactive with the chat.
She's, she's a good, fine, decent sociable person.
How she ended up with me I have no idea.
No idea at all.
I don't know how to interact with human beings.
That's, that's always been my problem, cuz, maybe shockingly for somebody who's on camera as much as I am, I'm very shy.
Very shy human being.
Damnit.
Oh, good.
No!
Yes, as he streams, that's why I said it's very odd.
But I do what I do.
Well, streaming is easy.
Okay, if I were, if I were sitting down in front of, like, an audience with a hundred people sitting down in front of me watching this, oh, this would be awkward as hell.
I, I, I'd be, flop sweat.
There'd be flop sweat.
But, uh, I can deal with this cuz it's me in a room with Karin.
I can do that.
What's up?
What's up, girl?
What's up, girl?
Yo, yo.
Oh, congratulations. That must be nice.
It's wonderful.
Nothing like a good pee.
Are you doomed because you learned all interactions by watching Rich Evans?
Yes.
Yeah.
Just give up hope right.
I was telling them how much a shy person I am.
Yeah.
It's true.
But you're a compassionate person.
You're a smart person.
Yeah.
You're a funny person.
You're a quirky person.
Nothing to do with me being, nothing to do with me being shy about it.
It's unrelated.
I'm saying it's odd that I'm on camera.
A lot of actors are probably shy.
Yes.
I, I have scored a goal.
Congratulations.
Good enough, smart enough, and doggone it, people like me.
that's active
Stuart Smalley
mr. du7 I lived off economics
irresponsible no I don't know what they
do these days I found the predicate five
years of someone for a part of us
do you think I never chose
you got a joke to tell your pals
surprised they don't have like like
snowplows on the front that should be a
different like shape to the size snow
plows in the United States oh yeah I've
been really fair somebody gets toe claw
you want to like use a tank you just
want this completely unbalanced doing
here no I just want Lily silly because
it's already kind of silly it's not
silly enough
it's pretty tough
the ball like disintegrates it explodes
yes then everything you the ball
have you seen the new friend Jessica
I have never good things though yeah
that's a big shock does the Fantastic
Four movie was gonna bother me battery
if I could have switched one question
why Wisconsin because red letters
openness because it because Mike and
Jerry would want to be up here
yeah there's no sense to me it wasn't
exactly a media hub but whatever if red
letter had been located itself and st.
Louis or something you'd probably be in
st. Louis yeah and you know Wisconsin's
known as a terrible place by any means
the winners are just slightly more
crappy than Chicago and summers are
delightfully not quite so hot how do we
not score there
if you're gonna be a transplant from
Chicago there you go going to Milwaukee
is theater nobody even notices
there's no culture Shack way there's one
thing but then you know what the
Coldwater fellers bubblers yes that's
the dumbest fucking thing I've ever
heard it's a little weird
do they mostly call it pop or soda I
believe this is so pay attention
Wisconsin equals dairy who doesn't like
cheese and ice cream cheese everyone you
know it's nice I like it only good
cheese in Wisconsin yeah but me if it
could be known for something you know
there's worse things the cheese Rhode
Island calls and boulders to I before
why there's no bubbles maybe some old
ones had them or something
butter is bubbling up yeah I can see
like a fountain like a decorative
fountain of water come novelties the
water fountains are like like kinda like
faucet faucet that the same dough
a Bruce this went for us breasts
Brussels sprout
I'm exiting out of this water bubbles up
I want to see if I can plant some more
people in the jug you my excellent
sounds different from the other riches
excellent sounds different for the
others a red letter media mics from the
same town we are yeah he has lived in a
number of places I think I just talked
funny honestly yeah and rich Mike and I
were all from suburban Chicago and in
Jason Illinois two rubber bands what do
we call rubber bands is there something
that people call rubber bands other than
rubber bands I think and you're about to
call mental aspects or something here I
think none of my friends play in Radley
except for that one except for Diggy so
i tried tried to get people in your hair
near Iblis I'm gonna pull me out why
didn't mike live in arizona remember
there was a reason somebody new was
there or something that was a long time
ago ten years or something can we add me
as a possible
no garage oh I think he was just looking
to get out of his present unless we
don't say Chicago I say Chicago well
some people might say Chicago but it's
Chicago to me and sausage my opinion of
seat cooks and you complain that your
car insurance is too high but you don't
want to wear a seat belt which helps to
keep people from getting really fucked
up and raising everybody's rates it's
kind of annoying that it becomes a
revenue source but wearing them is a
good idea
Illinois's Illinois do not pronounce
this oh that's cute car can't play
online you want playing against robots
you pick okay
or you come for what's easier easier be
robots all right it's better than robots
unless what people want to play with us
or something
you don't plan we'll see how much
all right I figured it was like Eiland
wha originally or something eun-hwan
yeah or do like the Illini Indians yep I
think so
those the ones who starved at Starved
Rock I don't remember there are people
in a minute we don't have to feel guilty
about that one because they were starved
out by other Indians it turns out it's
tough drag yeah there's a state park
called Star frock in Illinois and it's
about 80 miles maybe a hundred miles
west of Chicago yeah there's a group of
Indians who were chased there by another
group of Indians and trapped up on a
block it's like a siege warfare kind of
thing and they ended up starving to
death on this big rock yeah it's
overlooking the Illinois River it's a
big sandstone block the plane it's a
beautiful state burn oh right
I'm coming and no idea what's going on I
found the ball there's to go over the
orange balls by ours we want to get to
launch I don't think I'm not my back I
can't even factor
Oh God oh my god this got me Tara I suck
you suck we all suck everyone sucks
Fraggle right I'm not that familiar with
Fraggle Rock because we didn't have
cable and so my grab them have been with
us in my late teens she was getting up
in years
so I missed out at all all kitty cable
television be 19 and Nickelodeon
anything
yeah I didn't have Nickelodeon Sultan
has exposure to it
Oh your car go change my car got tagged
yeah you're driving no time come on my
same things I think that Kayla bogus and
girl I'm loose Kirk oh yeah yeah
micrograph cage oh I'm sorry that's okay
I must have accidentally had a puppy
yeah I told you I said it was a kid oh
I'm sure
Ashton want to be the van van fenic see
they own is need you pretend you to a
team I'd see I'd rather have it look
like the Mystery Machine man make it the
light blue all right
obey this forbid before we're done we're
gonna try and customize that car to get
the look what Scooby dooby ah hey
she pulled the wrong way what a welcome
and it gets disorienting
Oh wants to get a goal I came close
feels good
oh that can't be good
well I think it just exploded but he's
some jerk move up Derek
that was not lost
soft resolve rings attorney Weber Chris
never drive over a yellow thing
okay
Ironhead to do somebody up
there's somebody up kick they if they
can always that that that that that her
your training no I am NOT Mark Hamill
why he's got money then that career is
the Joker he's the be Joker fuck Luke
Skywalker
the offense is good
damnit
I think it's basically over yeah
get her on skype so they might need to
find a computer but kind of cater do you
need to run this I'm not sure I don't
think it's that bad
do you think if I put a solid state hard
drive in my laptop I could play it on
that um you try out my copy of it here
and see the works you might not have my
laptop with me I mean I don't think the
solid state will make them like me it'll
make the game load up faster but know
that I don't have much to do with how it
runs it might be fine yeah maybe I know
it's not exactly a gaming pair pop our
house it doesn't have a super fast
processor like sharp tune and your
mini-me
your gender swapped me
honey and ants think I'm interesting
things going on champ somebody want to
know what you think about Mark Hamill
voicing the Joker for Killing Joke I
think that's excellent
III I've never bought any of the DC
animated movies I just don't care that
much but I'd totally go for that I
actually might buy that one just just
because mark and Mark Hamill weren't
gonna be an Avengers shit
fuck you rich Luke Skywalker only became
the Joker because of his work on the
Star Wars films alright so what I don't
care how we got the job I I know him as
the Joker more than I know Luke town
that's me I know your source fan a huge
Star Wars fan that's probably different
that's fine I'm more of a comic book guy
and the game started
and I led a fairly movie movie deprived
childhood I mean in my in my
tween and early adolescence years I saw
a lot of movies at the dollar theater
but I'm all yeah but as a child my
parents neither neither believed in
renting movies nor had cable and it
wasn't a religious thing they just
didn't do it they just figured it was a
waste of money
do I have any hopes for Star Wars oh
yeah yeah that's gonna be a nostalgia
trip because that's what JJ Abrams is
gonna do as far as the story goes it
might be good I'd be more excited if all
the movies were going to have a coherent
vision but looks like there's gonna be a
new fucking creative team on every damn
film so I might be more I'd be more
excited if I thought that JJ Abrams is
gonna be behind all of the new folks oh
you haven't seen that Dali movie theater
since 1995 I don't think there are any
more dollars but how much is that that
one that's not to say I don't I've never
been to that Madison there are still
some budget theaters out there
I used to be a dollar that was a buck
fifty after like 5:00 p.m. so you know
our parents were always eager to I think
Mike's are Jurassic Park a bunch times
once I came out Drebin alligator
I mean it was you could dunk it and
there was an arcade across from the
theater too so you know you can dump
your tweens there and you know with five
bucks and you know chadmarco Hemel only
got the job in Star Wars because he's
starting Corvette summer so what
actually I don't know Corvette summer
might have better state a movie he
starred in that's all there is to know
the ball is worship the balls in the
worst possible spot than that
that was an for Star Wars all right that
was after Star Wars getting this arcades
- the only thing they have that even
resembles of us like those family fun
park things which are six or eight which
is great if you've got a six-year-old a
little awkward if you're like single
people
plus their six-year-old
ah they're fine if you're with them or
if they're yours more or less but you
know if there are other people's they
can be as a mattress if you want as they
want and if you say brooding over their
parents it'll fit so I'm good at missing
the ball I'm very good at that fully the
object remain one has not had the ball
which is way more than inflation
anything else we can play me this
displaying anything you want well she's
not bookworm
yeah let's place a book corn yeah I
don't know that'll work cuz you get you
get so into it you'll will spend the
hour staring at the same screen but
you're coming up with a perfectly word
but we'll do a little bit well do a
little bit of bookworm and we can we can
they can play with us we can all they
can't because they're gonna cheat
they're gonna use word scramblers not
everyone there's gonna be a few bad
apples Oh what else
Wow yeah my god woman
we play little done
and they believe anytime they want but
not change it shit
you're the carrot get it get it in get
it in get it in get it in getting her to
give it you we're a wall somewhere where
are you I don't even know I'm on my back
over there
don't use watching you bump around
unless then guess
it's not because it's gonna go on our
gold mousse
you can own the ballgame yeah but
clearly bookworm is a is a listen
they'll say yeah it is in the basic
format of like bookworm adventures you
specifically but you you defeat the
enemies by making all exciting stuff
yeah bookworm is also some
oh look at that look at the a distinct
this reflects play it was a good play
really great the great good sweet
yeah we're streaming streaming I cuz
Karen couldn't stream tomorrow and
Jack's not gonna be available tomorrow
so you know it's tonight or not at all
this is top tier unscramble words me
top tier yeah it is more in terms of
vocabulary than literary knowledge it
doesn't really require any literary
which if you could somehow memorize the
dictionary and there would be some kind
of savant and or just here's a computer
program that machine yeah no it's not an
NES game although it really shouldn't
require especially high processing you
could dumb down the graphics quite a bit
it was originally a PC game and then to
seek the two sequel there for both PC
games there are quotes available of the
original game for all we need how many
were yeah that's in a mess cartridge is
there a limit the words don't take up
much room over like ASCII text
all right return this up I'll turn on
the book one it can be an old-school
flash game this is all right I'm gonna
give you the mouse and then you're gonna
lose your mind play

[Part II]
something not the best
okay we want to see her see our best
words that we've come up with
repudiation jealousies pleasantry
rebuilding reexamined justifier
Pardoner's varieties profusely and
tradition
this is bookworm adventures where you
defeat enemies by spelling words using
letters on a grid let's see what do I
want
useless
extra heart
cause the next charter damn this is one
of the early levels oh it's hoho penny
comedian I provided you with an amethyst
gem tiled in with use this tile in any
word to give your phone a walloping each
tile has a unique effect in addition to
increasing the words power the off
mighty worm use my gift for good will
must been a mouse pad with a wiki I
sweep the off mighty worm use my gift
for good we have a gala terian no
there's no our elation can't get gelatin
can you get Hetal tattletale
maybe I don't know if we have treats
well yeah maybe
ta titi see he's really good at this -
no - oh Sh
oh when I'm Enderman I'm being dumped
new talent
she's got even though we came up with
like two good words she's gonna sit here
who gelatos a good one
for 15 minutes staring at the screen she
can find the perfect goddamn word and
you already just know know something
easy you know you you do what you do I'm
just I'm just explaining how into this
yeah yeah forget elations
this might be a more recent in songs I
don't think we played this that much on
the new computer because we've only got
a few you you you find a number of like
12 or 15 letter long words I mean you're
insane
don't use any kind of cheap anything
usually when I find a good one it's just
pops up at me they just look at the
whole thing and it's like oh yeah now
get to utilitarian there's no passage at
st. tailgate
and Chad you're you're on your honor -
not cheap yeah I'm going to look at what
you're saying something I'll play but I
need your word as a gentleman that there
will be no cheating
we can't play fart because there's no
ass and like when you get like when you
really get a good word then it guilty
awesome fantastic and like the worm
turns into a wrecking ball and hits the
Oratory
orbiter
there were a tutorial it's a nice full
oratorio I hope was that I you spell
oratorio is that a word
our toriel is a word right something
relating to or orations chats getting
Brooke beer root beer is not bad
/ - I've been drinking better anyway
you know I keep hearing about root beer
last couple days totally yeah
root beer just keeps coming up they'll
not take I think they're counting that
is two words rip ears - it's not taking
him
so as I'm illiterate now almost almost
nice try yeah ball Liberator see you
always think I'm so good at this to
teach as much good stuff
that was the shit you know what okay am
I gonna whomp alright let's see I'm
feeling it we can't even get a special
attack the alligator is pretty good too
not as good as livery I'm sorry you
failed
yeah well liberator has an Ian alligator
doesn't crush did it make a squeaking
noise when it died did it do that Arturo
was right or oratorical thank you pixels
the sap furnishes our God pixels well
it's true
X experiential
you've killed a rare magical beasts oh
god no expires perennial perennial
parrot meal
pixal there's no team you can't do
pixelated my vent line of thought though
I like that line of thought that's let's
switch so I can see Shepard okay
first Cecil delighted Ella Griffin I
know don't you do that and somebody's
saying penis will take penis just out of
curiosity probably although like we I
wanted to do pederast the one day and it
wouldn't let me
what's the Pinterest do I wanna know I
don't want to know I've decided I don't
want to know penis yes and he says Wow
so yeah you like so Lex likes penis you
could also do know they like to do penis
you're good at penile / Nick's what I
think it's just making sure
Catamount there's no see people are just
throwing words I don't even know explain
somebody says kind of Lysias is that
even a word
what does pen Alexius me yes that can
somebody define pedelec zenus feminine
how do you spell he palliative he and I
online justice a little there's no you
yeah
sorry no you and Duke anyone say that
first make it eat somebody ex ex liable
explainer pretty good let's powered up
while we're at it it's sure sure get a
one hit kill why aren't there a power up
stupid
you have potions you could use alright
if parallax is pretty good word but
sorry no no as explainers is probably
better for Boynton parson I was just say
exemple you just use the Exedy final
somebody's saying lol this game is
brilliant about we get premillennial
can't be pimple there's no evil
there's no yeah you can't millennia word
million mammal all right chef what you
got what you got
we can't do temple no II know II
remember no II malaria
well I calorie up
malaria yeah try it yeah you always got
to think about like whether you can add
an S or prefix or suffix or you know
turn something into an adjective or
something Caryn's good with the suffixes
muscle to corpuscle my work now I need
to seize your puzzle tree any or
whatever I think it's a word we gotta
like a flower a perennial perennial opor
annual piecemeal right
paranormal can't get ornament okay okay
only you from hospital
perennial says there's no double letters
and that's right my boy nope nope
there's a double letter and there's some
really something in there something's
wrong
Mel normal its campers it's Mel no no I
don't think so abnormals I know no
there's only one else scampers that's
right
scampi if that doesn't work you're gonna
crushed it's not as nice as a destroyed
Asian they probably wouldn't take it
might usually that that's like a form of
a proper noun amalgam not
another out another a fairly weak wheels
got some college
something ing I'll put the ing up so we
know not to use those again
smearing
slamming
oh good one good run from John kylo
jakela three says no there's only
there's two G's in that pilgrimage but
there's only one G we only have one G I
like it bot though legalese I'm getting
uh
Allegiance legalese is dead fix it we
need another round this is working out
better than I thought of one yeah
in amid imaginings Imagi Reese
somebody sank Faust Faust ago imaginers
it is Oh using three gems Oh bookworm
one doesn't have that and in Brooke warm
to use the three gems you get the
wildcard letter and I know you get the
superchip the super Jam is a wild card
oh yeah it's any letter yeah who is
jalopy I love jalopy July she's like one
of my for it I'm always happy go for it
finish them all
any little down like one heart any old
word would do the trick but it's so much
more fun to get a womp
oops
this this this game is called bookworm
adventures and I don't currently have
the the login for the prereq of twitch
account so I can't change the stream
information
this is bookworm adventures it was
published by PopCap Games few years back
it has a sequel and there's an original
version of bookworm that's available for
a lot of different platforms but we
highly recommend the adventures
especially the second one Oh
stunned queue
Oh tritium portside wait
quieten
or
anybody got some for this way Coit need
some arse Quaker quadrant there's no
deep yeah I gonna what earthquake clerk
yeah work work work quick Quade quake
crowd quantity I'm in here if your goal
is just to get rid of equate this yeah
well I hate queues so all right to the
Cuba Quaker or somebody's sang okay yeah
we probably take Quaker even though
that's a proper name
Tech increased you're already off power
grim I don't know how your Quaker so
what aren't they
Dostoyevsky all right we got a boss
battle this game has boss battles I know
it won't take does anybody got like a
successful attack off on you yet
happened looks it look at they won't
take it right but you can almost get
dust I just shocked just still stansky
Quaker Ella can't get destroyer droogs
so what with words yes kill it with
words
I don't know it's apartment speaking in
tongues there's there's not enough used
for destroyer
we'd be we need to somebody's got
divided
mountain up Oh writer sigh that's not
bad oh you're stunned you're stunned
whose turn we're stunned oh my god oh my
god
we've taken some damage people Bunker's
we need up we need a kick-ass word can't
do sorority there's no I baguettes we do
baguette freezin all right you can show
them other fries Jim does freeze Jim
like like freezes invert all right
buying some time we have a J they're
going T there there is a healing potion
we bet that is a possibility lling can
they see the screen yeah the healing
potion is over here makes your hearts
qualifier there's the the phrasing the
other guy potion and the making your
words more ass-kicking sure if they
couldn't see the screen I'd be amazed
that they're coming up with words just
at miracle journey yet see over there
yes you're insane you're insane that
journey they used to like the white
socks no.5 yeah yeah
AJ and Rowand Creedy
don't stop
wait no what was that the one that you
yeah yeah that was it
she took the midnight okay you read what
they're saying oh oh I'm sorry
yeah careful handsome the learning Hydra
is the next chapter in the next chapters
deadly foe with seven heads you must
fight all seven in a row without rest
oh you totally dangerous I like you as
Lex so true come on my hut for another
minigame first I hate fearsome beasts so
now we play the mini game three legged
or mini games in potions and whatnot and
like when you when you when you beat the
whole thing then you can unlock the mini
games to play whenever you want so in
this mini game we have to guess the word
in 5 turns so it starts with an O you
want to go with order I guess it's first
it sure maybe or it's then actually has
two hours I mean it that could work you
want it soldiers strategic illogically
you're good using as many different
letters as you can to roll things out
and then go go with older those are
common letters and there's one each the
other is a perfectly good choice too
Oh none of those letters were in there
none of those letters gold means the
letters the right letter in the right
spot silver means the right letter in
the wrong spot yeah bra means that
letter isn't in there the red letters at
the bottom not in there yeah all right
well you got no it's not other because
there's no er orgasm has too many
letters let's see
happy ogre can't be otter
oh my god can't be Oregon there's no R
who chats got a good one do you want
ovince active octa ve too many tomatoes
so many letters good thought but too
many letters can't be open there's no II
know II because we've rolled out the
optic optic might work
turned up okay so we know there's cg but
it's not in that spot so it can't be
like ocean no it couldn't be any way
they've done chat just got oaths the
team would be in the wrong spot eighty
yeah it can't be oats
cuz that T can't be in that third spot
because it's silver if it were gold that
would mean it's in the right spot here
and it can't be over E because we know
that there's a T but it's not in that
spot it can't be wait Oh T it can't be
other because there's no e
it can't be old because there's no T in
the third spot can't be Evans because
there's no Owen Evans you people just
don't get it aunt
Oh ugh T ough T that that sounds like it
may very well be the answer
bingo bingo if you didn't cheat
congratulations oh man she that gets you
this the cards flute thank you for the
right answer we really appreciate it
it's true we really do I don't we Jen
you really do appreciate it all joking
it's totally really it's true we really
do thank you please please stick to the
script six of this first please stick to
the script
all right you get you get powerup items
and you get to pick a few stuff now you
might have explained that they are some
of them are defensive and some of them
are you go you go offense all of that
pretty much because a lot of the time we
don't even let them we have one get
killed and you have like helper people
and we do stuff you have like Mother
Goose and different characters who come
and help you out yes well that's second
up in the sequel but not in this diurnal
- oh my God look at all those fucking
gems you got
Tanooki one of those Japanese
mythological things
something Nathalie
TTI online there's no there's no L tried
to new G I want to say if it takes to
noon ta-a ta-a no ooki that's right does
not take tanuki haitian it won't take is
it's a country and then like proper
names to filling this tooth I mean it's
the best we have right now but really I
mean mediocre tarnation yeah I like it
tardy I love it I love it you're gonna
love it
turn your shiny and chrome I want to
kill on head one head one did not stand
a fucking chance
now rocket League we're done playing
rocket League for the night we're
palate-cleansing with bookworm
adventures I don't know the I don't have
the password memorized for our account
so I couldn't change the game to our
flotation but have fun coming up with
words
floater
for a filiation sex you are locate is
that even a word
reflow tapes bring reflow date we have
reflow tape no there isn't a reflow tape
nice try
traitor
yeah
you're gonna try it Felicio there's not
two L's I already did oh you already did
but jets i1l felishj you I'm pretty sure
you wouldn't know oh sorry
well now I'm sorry it's not bringing up
our sex life it's not true you're gonna
hit me now aren't you
please don't hit me
doesn't okay into theatrical theatre
best we got damage shitgame says
whatever your name is
while you're wrong
under something
unloading
they had a cave or as you do it for sake
don't get oh wait a minute I won't let
you do fella
oh yeah it doesn't like oral sex fully
Agatha you can't get fellatio no with
the two walls it's worth a shot
no we tried a chest kind of with toenail
toenail is bad there was nothing that
fountain foliate are bad foul
getting tired of looking at that cache
must be keyword
Caitlin
style goes Tony on Ragnarok
oh why that wants to sell it he'll kill
again don't I get us two hearts gets rid
of the Z there may be a longer word you
can find but duds he'll be hanging
around for years
oh oh you cure all right just about
anything got to kill this motherfucker
octave
Moorhead's they're screaming at us to
use fuck do you really think I want to
take it fuck I mean really look at this
look at these immature people are just
saying fuck facts like fact so
disappointed so so disappointed
Simba's know we might gonna be like
satirize
we've got another fucking Z yeah oh god
it's about the cave
Chad Scott Coulson
okay
we won't up you can go with postural you
just got dunked on chef the idea heel
heel heel used two chances zoot suit
it's probably two words and we can try
more the trying that's worth trying
because I like zoot suit enough willing
to try it yeah yeah
yeah
favor
you get notarized oh damn it I feel like
an idiot
ya think would work we're looking for
something a little longer
innovate
toes or two ends we need to anything I'm
sorry but you have failed spelling hurry
the sink no no vade with a km which I've
never heard it without a word
k Nov
obeah well that's not much
leftover milk cake is saying tokenized
which i think is kind of stretching it
it's not a stretching it something
something a shoe identification
so we're saying 15
now if his first one to say it but dick
neutral is saying 15 pounds that's the
best thing we got no point
racism is yourself
main head right now he's oh my god we
can't use that you know unless we use a
cure we only have to love and we might
need it later
no y-you can't do clever
clenched
if tokenize is a word and it didn't work
that this games dictionary is not
flawless there there are some words that
slip through the cracks when they make
this taco Fox has clarity someone else
did something a little bit better and it
went by I missed who said it I'm sorry
but we had to clarify yeah we'll see
we'll try clarify Victoria is not bad
either
Oh Victoria's having better anyway just
gonna go with that guess who the V okay
well yeah always powered up it's not
gonna help
no no he's gonna be dead he's dead
fucking meat we're gonna kill this
fucker
they've got one damn heart Rin you're
the master the bookworm master the
mistress the mistress of bookworm I'm
just sick of ways to get rid of season
I for palatial J professor grandpa
Sancta tube
see I was worried about cheating but now
that I'm thinking about it I don't think
they have time type all of these letters
you own your scrambler this is a lot of
letters maybe if we go on too long
Wow breathing with words damn it you
think it's not you think you vanquished
a beast no mortal has ever seen and
survived Wow
there's no worth it wasn't that worth it
I cannot bear to see you in such danger
Lex let me pull you from the book before
you get hurt
oh that's drama you know it says some
drama
it's the village or a little ridiculous
but I leave Cassandra behind that's
crazy talk no way hmm I see our hardest
set Cassandra could not ask for a nobler
champion
what about Tarzan yeah there's a lot
more limbs most likely ibattz is rich my
worry about cheating from the chat when
Karen is one-upping at half the time
she's she is the mistress of this game
never doing no more runs one more all
right we're doing when we're around
people one more round
at least if you feel up if you feel up
don't we go more than that I mean
there's no there's no there's no yeah no
I'm just saying there's no time limit
unguent
it turns our grievances bookworms should
fight Isis yeah act actions speak louder
than words
unless you're bookworm then they're the
same fucking thing yeah speaking of
which up counts
yeah where's Tarzan count I have no idea
but you know he just brought up Tarzan
know in the in a in a in the credit
things innate look Tarzan you're really
fuckin Z yeah exactly it's not giving us
disease why does somebody goddamn
disease in this game there's no like
person aids on Tarzan you want to get on
jars and oh you just gotta hit the face
by a deer numeration
can you get incumbent incumbent
sweet yeah ah see any sister crushed
adamant adamantium no yeah you could
have it for my sake could you try
adamantium there's a comic book movie
you have to try it okay okay can do a
Dementor just shoot her or have three
tree adamance
perjury now a new jury for a jury
just with aji actually
no beautiful maybe
sure trip
figure 3 4 7 8 3 also came up dude JM ta
we got some tiles smash that's nice yeah
those better than haven't locked I'm
still using your bad points
can you treatment
well you'd have to lose it anyway that's
why I said well yeah Oh over T Blizzard
64 has dreamer dreamer
someone's got amendment that is not an
FM's nice try nice try the cards flutes
this trademark
very good nice work that should finish
him off but we might wait he's named
Anna rocky barking wrecking ball or
something but we did him in pretty good
yeah in the sequel like some of the
enemies like they turned into like like
cookie different stuff then you destroy
I'm just waiting for an annihilated
medial
misery
is your accordion
she would do Exodus all bother has
numerate numerate oh damn numerate and
we'll freeze him I mean if you like
words this is a fun game over seems a
nice word jinx is a very nice word but
there no enumerate enumerates has more
letters jinx is is certainly lovely for
what he uses and I think we can still
use it out of pretty much if we get
another s when we use it on the next 100
wasn't quite enough it wasn't quite
enough offertory knowing you to of
our why aii the damage you just said
they said holy fuck ha oxygen-oxygen a
yeah oxygenate there's a good word
maybe maybe next we'll get womb Smith's
rooms rooms pay is the thing it's a
whole thing you don't watch your shows
you don't get it
check we rich um you want to read the
eyes right oh yeah check check out the
Lord for this monster mix this monster
has a bonus word category of metal words
and they mean like you know 10 yeah not
like although that would be metallic
yeah when you spell words that are of
the metal category this monster will
suffer extra damage so iron tin bronze
when all work yes any metal word what
about Malik diem or unum ilium those two
yes yes those two Mex
oh we need an elf or fundable you smell
booze wah be for Bob Boone a game
there's an S yeah yeah alright to tribes
has buffering rich please tell Karen if
she because she likes this should would
like scribble notes and I think that she
would like Skrill wants whoever trying
to type faster - I smell scribble ass
mister shy smile was recognizing
Scribblenauts I will have to that's a
game it's a game I looked into the end
of that for sure
buffering let's give that a try good so
good yeah yeah I'm giving the chat time
to come up with something right now I
need time you're already in there you're
in there you're in there work in the
body faded
debatin
there's no water down there
I'm up charted yeah jointed disjointed
desert as if there was as we do
disjointed
done time
this is John kilo 3 d en ta ta so I
think so
Titian
cards flute has antidote
this iconic says notation which was
better off than my head
by the time okay
oh these are some funky ass letters here
for Jana Sena
to J's and a p-type Nazis they go like
see Kyle or something oh really really
oh I know they were horrible people it's
all thumb me I don't don't do that don't
do that
or I might have that word kilo up on our
screen no need that no resumed SS two
tribes can anybody be trees owned
you have 30 seconds starting now - what
doesn't
three one thousand
somebody says ejaculation there's no L
no no i'll Kel's owned calzone yeah
calzone is it's there's no L but calzone
is food yep
ejaculate there's no L know doesn't that
was the reason that long okay yeah you
can't do it anything involving a jacket
right Azerbaijan it's a proper name I'm
calling it we're done let's go we're
going resumed it is a little tip a
little tap we'll keep that bronze does
extra damage yeah you don't want though
the extra damage from the metal works is
usually disappointing it's disappointing
compared to the monster words that Karen
can come up with yeah I mean bronze you
would it is just definitely a metal work
but it's not as much extra as you might
think unfortunately
check our because we're avoiding it
because with experience from this game
we know that the bigger monster word is
usually usually worth more points jojoba
if you're like I feel like if you're
like a kid who's coming up with like
words like 10th then when you come up
with a metal word that's really amazing
but when you're come on up with some
wack shit yo this is Wireless Center
maybe doesn't like a mousepad leftover
became also came up with a joke oh I
should read that there I read that oh
thank you man you loved over beefcake
you won the word lottery thing whatever
bacon bacon it
we're vegan
winter jaundice
where's the mouse signaling out the back
of the computer
seems like a good position in that
matters
yes which she would be a little bit
closer oh shit my fault my fault my
fault miss P on TV on deserted vacation
didn't work
oh I thought you did sloshed from
DuckTales so this vacation seems like
just out of curiosity how are you guys
how are you guys digging this game cuz
it's something Cara and I play all the
time we enjoyed this Karen Lawson and I
wasn't sure how well this would go over
in the chat I think we just do this this
is this game the bomb is this kind of
play enjoyable it's fun it's interesting
okay
Rick your line yeah okay that wave I'm
doing her in addition to bonus word
categories monsters sometimes have
immunity the Nemean lion presently soon
ferocious incident words and me me that
usin link from them new effects alright
so we can't use anymore three-letter
words gotcha
hacker the doc let's feline utilizing
polysyllabic nerve eh you remember when
we played this game with her friends
dumb and dumber and you're coming up
with like a prettiest thing keep up with
duck duck that was the better four
letters then I think and there wasn't an
exception they were proud dumber came up
with cat was dumb and what you could was
dub or I don't even remember faulty
faculty
anything anybody guy anything better
than faculty can you bid faculty yeah
Burkhardt is kind of smokeable make them
happy it's - fuck it will do nothing it
won't be recognized I'll be happy to see
Farkle on there and that's why I make
we'll make some smiles oh it doesn't
take part and it doesn't take fuck
everybody eject ejaculated they want
that ejaculation soup add then what
ejaculate and fuck well a Jap you lead
is a perfectly good driver shred it fits
it doesn't take fuck related oh my god
it's it's taking it ejaculated are you
happy and you know what he has to say
about that and you don't ejaculate all
over the lines oh he thinks the jacket
the jacket lady it's astonishing
ok
Jack you laid over that Lions fires
let's get this over with
game up was our face job I don't even
know what that was
well you know I mean species like slugs
they're there they kind of have their I
mean some fish even you know they have
their sexual organs kind of on their
heads Lex might have his you know his
warm dick is on his head it might be I
mean if he's if he's like a nematode
like an Earthbound them good another
analytes well anyway they they're like
hermaphroditic cuz I kind of just got it
settle up side to side I don't think
they could fuck this up
he's frozen and poisoned with with what
I wonder look at him look at him covered
in that a jackal and it's just dripping
off his back
I don't happen some to you what do you
what do you feel them why aren't we
doing then we do do we do corporate
corporate product placements the
question is are we going now we're going
one more Ursus this is the end like do
we do product placements like
this delicious large McDonald's diet
coke is making me need to pee again
oh no we don't we don't have nobody
nobody is willing to bring us do you see
Mansoor their product kazooie okay we
got the fans of Andrew a bazooka or
bazooka tiny tiny turnip says bazooka
and then later down the road
Ches 87 says bazooka edy bazooka nice
nice trying to suffice yeah we
appreciate that that's that's always
always good so so suffixes are often
easy money yeah they're easy money so
you ejaculated all over the buff lion is
that what you're telling me I think it
would be like a bear another line you
have a line your new treasure has a
special active power built-in to attack
us study it carefully active treasures
acquired you to play in a special way
such as spelling words of a certain
category using specific letters in your
word since these effects are not
automatic they're usually very powerful
indeed feet are my metallic justice
metallic
fella don't understand
all right we have a centaur dick neutral
your life is now complete dementia
anybody heard that whisper
did you do that laughing first kiss
anyone laughter this thing okay no
stakes shirt break right now there's no
rush Campus something eat teething
epitaph epitaph
shet has just this guy you know has
pathogen
Oh make it a big one will get a big-ass
fuckin wops jeremiad whatever
why do you take your bathroom break now
and we'll get a chat chat you you find
the biggest word you can you need to
prime your shoes to walk the restroom
where is them off it's fine big ass word
look big ass word and the channeis
stopped if you
let's check going on in heaven okay I'll
put in the biggest word I find that
works
oh this mouse is janky I think is that's
the pad I think it's the pad all right
moving beat inhabited beheading b/e
9 is beheading more than 9 get there
there there's no G there's no G I don't
know what was that first one what was
that first one I lost that first one now
oh no it was inhabited inhabited so the
fineman's all right I'm going to try to
find men see if it takes define minute
that's ten letters can we beat ten
letters
identified is that a word no going back
to the last one that worked it was a
10-letter one I'm trying to remember
what it was with define meant or
something
yeah define Monteux s-- very nice
anything you see anything in your house
longer than two fine Matt that would
work define define menti I'll try it
always works to try to throw a letter on
doesn't work that's I and I think d-ind
oh no wait
indemnified might be a little bit better
I'm not sure
right that's ten
can't do indemnified okay
this is indemnified usually done
disability
so what was the word we had defined
get it hit it
if yeah why the fuck not just to see
what kind of dollars we might be able to
pull you ready 1 2 3
wow he's a veteran I like it better when
he turns it on does he turn into working
that's the second one second that's the
second one ah though the ring up and
biting and they obliterated it's nice
but he could have dug jump in the air
like a rocket that would have been fun
that would have been fun why don't you
do that I'm selling this game fucking
somebody sent ours
getting tired
this is this be it this will be at this
is the last round by the way somebody's
saying omnipotence mmm chaos 14:28 says
omnipotence nope sorry need two O's
sorry nice Drive thanks Leonard cut bugs
has phenomena biome Oxbow
it's foliate
Jack the stripper dd7 says previously
recorded live here's a good guess
stop cheating with chatting where the
whole point is were having a group play
here yeah we're happy everybody gets to
have fun everybody gets to contribute
we're not playing this isn't competitive
this isn't this isn't bookworm
adventures eSports yeah yeah we're not
trying to get the best score we can get
we're trying to enjoy the game with
everyone well go there needs another
hour okay alright nice trying who's that
yeah your name is like lime green on a
white background
great breathe bright right Bartek I
think well it's eye-catching
well it's rent is I think it's Horgan's
randomly assigned shaped color oh they
don't pick it yeah I might even be
different for everybody watching it too
so I'm I spray and it's hard to read
epoxy does get rid of an ax
chad is cheating but you're on the honor
system we played you
play gap
wash boy yeah
yep bu o why AGS what they're saying to
you
Oh yep I've never heard of it but I've
been wrong many times and I don't know
that much
AG yep it was
top ramens perfectly crammed Yulin Oh
any died from what poison
wax
can't go back sir
revolve says my turns are green
oh it looks Ursula yeah I guess it
doesn't the nice so you could get a look
sir we got a Jovian
Jovian needs an end to eyes elixir
what somebody sang cuz we're even acts
like we're taking him you one little
excerpt the the boozer ater the boozer
ater powered down
oh he's powered down alright we're good
we do have some smash tiles so I don't
like that
how ours that's a shitty letters
de lag says over George
Menem de lag says overviews I think I'd
rather get rid of the carry you dragging
over the J okay oh you really of use is
good - yeah you're a woman that's your
prerogative Houston I dinner there's
fucker that fucker
thank you hoid it
no no no your viewers are cheating for
sure
see a new job
laundry handsome fondari I think yeah oh
that man are you
Quinn oh wow he what
Chet has Quinn generate birth quinjets I
don't subscribe award I'm sure it's full
I'm bad the grocery store
oh really really I'm dumb I'm never
right it's gonna fuck you okay
these are some decent letters we should
be able to find something here
I'm opened
not way
potential with a/c put tents il I've
never heard of that we got another call
for omnipotence but there's no 
as Michael all you missed earlier with
some some really bad rocket League
we're just coursing around now we're
playing a word game come up with words
look at these letters and come up with
words they don't need to be adjacent
just just like Scrabble only you get a
lot more letters stupendous says doctor
fumbles
oh you're you're an S short nice try
nice try I like it
we got a Wednesday somebody's saying
Wednesday nope nope Newton's in joules
attacked on open on spouted detonates
you go with whichever one of these you
want I was reading I like the one with
the W yeah yeah no whatever ladies
choice
devious denizens bees
yeah first thing I saw penis is up there
again again huh
if people in your innuendo trying to
have a nice mature video game stream of
a child spelling game and you keep
talking about ejaculation and penis and
fuck this isn't a child together here we
go I think it's more challenging because
there's the leveling off I mean oh yeah
he'll eventually be able to beat the
game if you keep spelling dunk once your
once your Lex gets up to like 30 hearts
oh my god
I dropped the controller we're not using
it but I kept dropping it oh my gosh
mmm how you feeling about your health
playing dangerous huh yeah I guess you
do have a freeze ray gem whatever
all right well we go juniper
no no one nice try nice job know what
lilypad trusty snooze this foul play but
I got a feeling a little combat is two
words sloshed from ducktail says jalopy
it's amazing how often jalopy comes up
it really is does this mean the second
jalopy of the night dude you take jalopy
every time you see it pretty much all
right just taking jalopy she set up
she's set up for the payoff
what's what's jalopy jalopy is an old
beat-up car yeah think of like an old
model T a rickety model rusty Model T
that just kind of putters and yeah
that's piece of shit that's due for the
junkyard sir basically yeah trolled I
got a welder
I got a flounder that's the lag no one
no one for flounder my stop
it's fucked all right I think I was too
else yeah breo's it definitely has an a
it was this at least one a yeah a for to
look toward
but we we have to tribe sang outfield
clean if we just had another yeah I do I
feel the first bank wish that thing is
that bad push that's perfectly traveler
work
they're saying something you've watered
again they're not telling me what though
will be Dawson take the last round by
the way someone knows when we get in the
boss by that say oh it will reorder over
town house from cut buck take it except
you're here Chernin Shirin rivers
something evildoer says a bee 2187 that
might've worked
nice anastacio
proper name them
nasty
it's too late as my Senate overture yeah
it would have been good if it if it
worked but I'll do dress no I mean it's
too late whose hurry oh wow those russia
forces stairway which I like like I just
I said something stair freezer
Jeffery's
I like it
pungent
surgery oh you're getting you're getting
tired we could we could call on sooner
and there's too many users one too
like it there's no way oh shit alright
dug her who's got some you magic going
on drunk they got anything better than a
drunk right grunt pagoda done God Lee's
got pagoda no no all gone to uganda
probably won't take its proper place
though it surprised us before if you
want to try just typing in uganda
how's Mike Scott how's Mike's got
truants I need me or no it's with a name
mmm we're to see leader truth ah you're
winding down its you you battling your
own exhaustion at this point this is a
this is a heavyweight championship fight
front like that I PU I gir like a UTI
you were however dark
oh my god you're so good I'm so tired
here hold on I'm gonna move this lot
closer to your face I'm gonna I'm just
gonna hold it here oh come on can you
can you still hear her yeah yeah shoot
actually hit attack I'm saying parkour
oh no oh no dang it
puddle oh you might have used an
accident yeah I accidentally did it has
is there there little bits moving my
micro there they're a little bit on
delay compared dose so yeah gurgle
settle and another Tuggle's is a word
belly the public what you're getting
tired you're getting tired the attack
button you must have I didn't my thing
was up Harris
oh you did hit that turn the keyboard I
am I'll a get the enter on the keyboard
that's the problem
oh my god oh my god stay loose stay with
me Ren stay with me Rin I don't want to
throw in the towel sure you gotta go out
on top massage your shoulders sit up we
boil it yes tickle since he had tickles
that's a powerful grip dog just came up
with gravity tones perfect timing came
up the screen right you said it oh you
saw it yeah I wasn't a misery incidence
yeah god bug codpiece microphone your
face
not Mike's applause I'm talking about
the mic
I suppose the mic is talking to me right
face-to-face he's in front of my face
can't be auditory there's no way in that
sent us from the last set of waters that
could use
oh you did here uncle
we healed everything's good everything's
good
yep as my just said it super or unless
you're one no I wasn't that Tonkin
shuttle Karen sounds I move the mic to
close that oh she's getting tired and
quiet so I moved the mic closer am i
deafening you I doubt she's deafening
not right
I did I did some adjustments God you'll
kill her on this next one so don't worry
about that
nitro I know I was looking for like
nitrous or my shirt in the trail there's
no it's just a a G and L and iy l short
of the trail and another e away from
nitroglycerin hi we're almost there we
have hindered we have reunion kindred
yep
kindred which there's no DS at all why
is somebody right kindred it's so weird
reunion we have a reunion tinkerer
Neutron say 10 is a bonus word but you
won't get too much for it oh and there's
stuff to kill her
no they get to see the bonus work oh
that here we go there's gonna buzz word
they was not exciting mallams no crushed
dead shit just the boss is the boss read
your lines missus the Centaurs whatever
I don't give a fuck will move from no
man or worm his sword just also tipped
with a deadly play if you don't use an
infected tile quickly it will spread to
other tiles whoa infected tiles are
weakened and caused no damage to your
enemy ill gross
he's Oren you can last you can last uh
oh my god oh my god she got her sick of
win she's gonna dominate I can love it
look it's ar-ar-ar oh you're just
reading yeah I thought you had your
second oh that's that's John
fuck that's disappointing I thought
you're like revved and ready to go I
thought it was gonna be like really
exciting if I hate reading oh god yes
reunion unone reunion no you can't get
unreviewed Union ear hold I completely
I'm ass Union works
we're not cracking
which I kind of like just because it's a
mythological word in a mythological
setting sprechen up to page my fuckin
hand that way we're going in there man
guess what a case it does I think it got
rid of some users doing them good but we
will settle for this this will work gets
rid of some case nervous
never mind
nevermind
but sewers trick
oh oh sorry I'm so stupid
crack it hated these ureas it's not work
is is right
I'm serious I'm not a word expert but we
reuse 'red
there you go okay boys power down so we
pretty safe flight times usually get
Russell begins one flow since cases
which mediocre yeah yeah
you couldn't use mediocre
mediocre
this is actually pretty good wait let me
do the important show me do Chi san
it's really depressing that somebody in
this world could not be fond of bad
backs but alright this probably end up
being the last words make it perfect
my excavator
expand
yeah it was you the bottom left
Edie witness me all right that was fun
you gotta read these lines even though
dinner you're so close now but please
hurry the faces on the statues they
seemed too real
I have a big feeling next be careful so
you found the aegis of Athena how very
fortunate do that guy like oh you follow
the edges of the feet off oh yeah very
future them no doubt foot denizen will
dent my dauntless defense be worried Lex
no these what's wrong man will be some
number of fad shoes no you know what
took a drink something tells me they
weren't always statues hey I bought him
like that blue mini game number him mini
mini game unless you don't want them the
look on your face of disappointment when
I said let's play the mini game I just
want to say she's she gave me a look
that said I just want to go to sleep you
motherfucker
and you you motherfucker words with
these letters you can have it that's
time oh this Mouse sucks
oh my god alright well you helped me
come up with works well write this up -
terrible and will be done quick qu I pee
three two one go
oh my god it smells turbine two-piece oh
well he owes me Edie Oh the mouse was
stuck I know that the oh gee at the
bottom you
okay
B u n k1 n wooden no end no I'm okay
yeah alright joy okay weird okay
okay you gotta use every letter twice
yeah yeah we use every letter at least
once so is my back all right
did we get any additional subscribers
here or going in the last part of the
street if you even cancel their
subscription and frustration playing
word games come flukes thank you for
subscribing know we really appreciate no
really that's the way we do it's true we
really oh that's right yeah
yeah it's true we really do and Bunga
Doug thank you for subscribing Bongo dog
performs we really appreciate it and
it's true we really do perfect perfect
alright is there is there anything you
want to say to them
