Mar 30, 2016
Stardew Valley, Batman V Superman Discussion
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/69287271
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/69289327
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/57739579
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1iW-Dx5mrI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AgAkVYwz3U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWEJb_3IFBw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/715272370622173185

[Part I]
oh hello what's going on I got started
Valley on some shit I don't know I came
and enriched was playing stardew valley
and we were talking about games fuzzy
yeah let's just play starter value know
why cuz you guys need to see Rich's farm
you need to see his fights impressive to
me it's it's it's it's it's pretty
amazing
oh yeah you got your G oh you got a
plant little plants haven't bothered
decorating the house much I got a whole
rain all day tomorrow which is nice so
you got two days of rain so for two days
you don't need to worry about watering
shit around the mines yeah and see
actually I was hoping I wanted to see
your watering system I'm sure we'll get
to that I'm sure I'm gonna play more
than is everyone seeing everything yeah
they're they're saying he's not married
yet and in year two already
oh no I've been taking my time and not
rushing the marriage thing rich rich has
been I wanted to see all of the holidays
and everything single he's been courting
all the ladies for what it's worth
we're almost there look at that look at
layout look at that one more Hardaway
you can do this rich it this it's it's
an adorable game it's an absolutely
adorable game to bring into the minds
you see some food yeah some food to
build up your health what do you got
just about yeah but bring another thing
just in case you run out of energy
mushrooms mushrooms will starts will
start a Batman vs Superman later later
we'll have like similar to the force
awakens will set aside a couple hours
just to do that just to just to chat
about it in the meantime
I want to say this off of Rich's
recommendation I recently read born what
is born born which is much like
Wolverine origin it's it's kind of an
origin story of the Punisher it's not
the origin we know well everyone knows
like the Punisher his family got killed
and then he started killing people this
is before that when he's in Vietnam for
issues only for issues really fun read
really fun comic read and just about
just about a man who needs a war but a
man who needs to fight yep and it's
great really good read kind of kind of a
kind of guide a little cheese at the end
but we're gonna be fine with it
all right my car's not my cows are
giving milk anymore
oh that one is my chickens aren't
haven't laid the eggs for the last
couple days I've been they've been
eating they've been fed well here
they're happier when they get to feed on
the grass outside they've been outside
they're right in the day cuz it's
raining sure huh
are you petting them every day I'm
petting them you got you got to pet your
chickens every day I'm constantly
petting my chicken always petting his
chicken oh thank you Steve who goes I
played a little more salt and sanctuary
I got some got some fresh produce and
overall enjoying it it's getting a
little repetitive and the boss fights it
fights are a little nuts and the art
style I still just cannot stand I think
it's ugly I think it's ugly as farc but
a fun little game that's salt and
sanctuary fun little 2d darksouls pick
those turnips rich pick those turnips
what well I suppose that plants it now
while it's raining
yeah yeah the other thing I did recently
a recommendation hold on
Lloyd beets have either of you to read
the comic 100 bullets a friend
recommended it and I would love to hear
your thoughts rich very little of it all
right okay and I have not read any of it
but I did before I read born someone on
the Twitter was recommending to me as
Superman comic to kind of get me out of
my Superman funk okay because after you
see Batman vs Superman dawn of Justice
you are in a Superman funk you feel bad
about Superman you feel like you want to
die you feel bad for Superman and you
feel like you want to die and so one I
watched flash and the Supergirl on the
Supergirl episode where the flash comes
to visit Supergirl and it's a super fun
happy time and they're just so excited
to see each other they were they were
happy and they beat up the bad guys and
they ran around and they got ice cream
rich Wow they were smiling and got
getting ice cream it was great they
actually got ice cream was that a slap
in the face to the movie
no I'm serious was that a deliberate
slap in the face of the Zack Snyder
moving why did they do an ice cream
thing because they would never do ice
cream then the same Snyder folks it was
great so the flash goes to Cara's
universe because they're on their own
parallel worlds didn't have our heroes
get ice cream and and it's gonna be
light and fun and he needs fuck Zack
Snyder he needs to prove to Jimmy Olsen
that he is the flat the fastest man
alive and so he quick speed runs out and
gets ice cream for everyone I mean ice
cream and it's great it was so much fun
I like I was smiling during you I mean
you guys finally during a comic book
movie no I know you don't get it man you
don't get that
artistic philosophical darkness that is
Superman
Casey Banner says oh my god I thought I
was having a stroke when I was hearing
your voices but I just had twitch open
in another tab oh well oh if you start
hearing our voices and it's not a Sunday
or Wednesday night then you might have a
problem but you know like it's a cheap
show I I think I called it an immense
amount of schlock and a whole lot of fun
and that's exactly what a comic book
movie or TV show should be it was great
but then someone was recommending to me
a Batman series called Batman grounded
grounded have you heard of this hold on
r.i.p jimmy olsen right right did you
know that Jimmy Olsen where's the good
stuff I usually buy all my comics
through comixology just because I like
digital comics nowadays if I do get a
physical comic I will go to my local
comic book store which for me is co-ack
called collectors edge I don't think
there's I don't think this is a lucky
day for what there's a fortune teller
thing on the news and the TV your house
yeah it's gonna be a lucky day for you
oh that's a lucky day you're gonna find
good things in the mine oh that's an
unlucky day you're gonna find crap oh
but it's raining and I got nothing
better to do right now we're still gonna
explore the mine
do you believe you could do a dark
thematic superhero film with a good
writer and director yeah yes absolutely
whatever the issues I have with Batman
versus Superman there's a fantastic
Batman movie in but there really is it's
the best on-screen Batman agreed agreed
by the way live-action
oh they roll there we go okay so he and
and on that note before I get to the
Superman comic I also just for my own
sake rewatched man
steal just be like maybe there's
something I missed you know like maybe
maybe there's something in Man of Steel
that somehow makes dawn of justice
better and here's what I will say the
first hour of Man of Steel is a really
solid movie and it's a it's a superhero
movie with a serious tone and like
dealing with deep fanatic issues of what
it is to be a hero maybe God image free
wank off the first hour of Man of Steel
if you forget about Krypton because
Krypton is an ugly mess the first hour
where Jonathan Kent Superman's moral
compass until Superman he shouldn't
worry about saving anybody look out for
himself
that's exactly but generally we're in in
Man of Steel Jonathan Kent isn't the
moral compass Russell Crowe is but you
know what all he needs a moral compass
and he's got one and you know what he's
his own moral compass because he keeps
saving people even though even though
Kevin Costner tells not to because you
know why he's just a good guy what does
he save okay the kids in the bus there
they talk about a few saving things that
he does here and they're like the the
people on the oil rig remember the lady
in the bar and they talk about several
like childhood issues where it's like
you gotta stop doing this Clark it's
like it just feels wrong to not help
people when I can help people as I go
okay we're having it we're having a
discussion here we're having a grown-up
discussion right there's a Jonathan Kent
character assassination as well that's
and you know what that's fine if that's
where he's going with the story that's
fine and the problem and then but after
that first hour the movie goes on for
another hour and a half and they
completely fuck it all up
what am I wrong on leftover beefcake you
I'm not wrong on anything I just watch
the movie
you are out of your mind
about what I think I think they saying
I'm out of my mind for defending the
first hour of Man of Steel speaks
volumes idly remember what happened I
was actually getting into it a little
bit because you know it's all about like
to me the first hour of Man of Steel is
a lot like unbreakable where we're like
it was slow and they were taking their
time and actually developing a character
and he just wants to help people right
but you know his dad is like you got to
protect yourself you know if the people
find out who you are they they then
completely fuck it up but there was
something in there there was something
in there so I do think they can do a
seriously toned a superhero comic book
movie I just don't think they've done it
yet Wow
Dark Knight was close yeah is the
question is this Superman the
appropriate place for this and watch at
which point are you doing a you know
where are you going from a different
take on the character to a take that's
so different it's not the same character
where's the line yeah yeah that's a good
question
Tommy Wiseau it's a great horror movie
what a version of Superman where he's
just kind of cold and impartial humanity
and he'll do whatever the fuck he wants
and screw you I'm sure he's a monster in
those movies you know maybe we'll help
you or maybe here maybe shits Mannes
Manistee oh he wants to help people i
maybe maybe
like that was the that was the one
redeeming factor of Superman Returns
do you remember Superman Returns at all
there is one sequence in Superman
Returns remember Brendan Rolf is up in
space and he's hearing all of the cries
for help and then he has that that like
a speech thing with Lois where he's like
I have to choose who to help and that's
like the hardest part of being me it's
like oh there's the one good idea for
Superman he wants to help everyone but I
can't right and I think that's great
that's that's what makes his character
interesting he can't be everywhere at
once but Tommy Wiseau and the one true
God says did you see the reddit post
today where a user made a red little
letter medium model pack on Steam oh I
did see that yes model pack for what for
like Garry's Mod okay okay I made
characters for for Garry's Mod and I
think it's hilarious I'm usually
terrified I will show rich right again I
can't say they're inaccurate but they're
usually not flattering
that's damn fun yeah the first one is
pretty good this damn fine yeah
whereas I going with all this so yeah
the moral of the moral is we should
probably save so this oh sure
well no but you know what I what I
really wanted to talk about what I
started talking about was Superman
grounded yeah
and this is a this is a back to America
Superman this is did you I didn't even
know about this there was something
called New Krypton yeah there was this
big event called New Krypton where like
there was Kryptonians that made a new
planet or some shit or anyway it doesn't
matter so Superman gets done with with
this giant galactic war and comes back
to earth and people of Earth are now
worried because he wasn't around and
they wondered where his allegiances lie
with New Krypton or with earth and so
Superman after an altercation with
someone who died while he was away
decides to walk across America not fly
walk across America okay just talk to
people talk to the simple man maybe deal
with some simple problems and not enough
punch giant monsters and it's a really
good book it's just Superman being a
really good guy in very simple ways you
know a super guy yes he was super Gump
basically and just helping people along
the way there there's some a couple
ridiculous things in there like he does
fight a giant robot at one point but you
know that's fine no I do not ever
rewatch old best of the worst but yeah I
usually watch the episode but I don't
think I've ever watched an episode
there's a the Christmas and Halloween
one oh yeah
maybe I should read watch the Christmas
one it's been a while in any case I
thought it was a really good read and
and it was it was the Superman that that
I want not this not this pouty glum I
don't know what I Superman is a pouty
orphan who's pining for Krypton an alien
world
it just becomes creepy and unrelatable
to me he's potentially a monster yeah
yeah how much to donate to get you
enriched to watch Batman vs Superman
again this weekend you just want to read
Don Wilson stream costs everybody 40
bucks
right right it's nothing it's nothing
Suzanne is in 40 bucks and we'll go
rewatch bad election okay that'll just
be the tickets yeah I don't know
I wouldn't even I wouldn't even mind
rewatching with the batman parts yeah I
suppose no one you know the warehouse
scene oh yeah that's the best
live-action Batman action scene of all
time
mm-hmm it's very good very good he's a
Batman other than well other than
spoilers sure he behaved is the most
like like Batman yes oh shit it's
getting late
oh it's 12 a.m. are damned if you go to
bed after 12 a.m. you get a little
energy hit the next day but if you go to
bed or if you're out and it hits 2:00
a.m. you fall asleep immediately where
you are big energy big energy dump and
you have to pay the corporation money
because they have to carry you home
once yeah I died in the mines and I
already woke up you know lost some items
and some health and then it was late and
I didn't get home in time either so the
knee fell unconscious and lost money
yeah it's terrible the worst is when you
fall asleep right in front of your door
like you know I'm gonna make it I'm
gonna oh crap I only had like dollar two
in my inventory like I lost nothing
I lost a buck what happens if you fall
asleep inside your house do they carry
you to your bed they come into your home
and carry you to bed apparently that's
creepy
that's creepy Ridge we're not talking
about Batman vs Superman yet we will
give everyone the warning and just talk
about Batman and Superman for a while
I'm talking about the Superman grounded
I think that's the Superman comic you
should read that's fun that's a fun
that's like a separate miniseries or a
storyline it's it's along the same
storyline but it's it's its own
self-contained thing and it's it's just
him walking across the country one of
these days you should come to my room
after damn whoa
damn you should come by my room after
dark maybe around 8:00 p.m. I wanna show
you something
damn first of all Abbi you gotta pull
that back girls she's fine I'm all about
Leto
which one's Abby the purple haired one
Abigail Abigail oh okay oh yeah no she's
great she plays video games with you
once come on come on it's not get
carried away saying she's got him she's
got him rich
oh yeah booty calls can be sent by snail
mail absolutely
she's got it's a small town that mail
gets there next day you just you just
got to wait a little bit longer
anticipation about the anticipation
it's called delayed gratification look
it up honestly it's really self
explanatory so no case grounded simple
Superman helping people walking across
the country as a little talk a Batman
has a little talk with the flash while
he's just walking across country cuz
everyone thinks it's crazy for walking
across the country and you know like
right away issue number one even he
deals with some he deals with some deep
shit he deals with some intense shit
personal shit not big you know like it's
not a giant it's not a giant ogre
monster wrecking the city but it's nice
it's nice deep shit it's great Nick so
I'm feeling a lot better about the
Superman that I like I thought I thought
that you know well-hidden he might be
dead I think it's an old comic grounded
I think it's like a couple years old
well
DC if it's DC it's gonna be rebooted in
like two years no matter what happened
punkin shoe says what are you a goddamn
Nazi or something is that elf yours I
don't know why you said that punkin shoe
but I appreciate the tip thank you we
mentioned the Christmas best of the
worst oh that's right
Oh elves oh my god I completely forgot
that elves existed
look at Rich's farm here look at that
look at that sprinkler setup that's
that's key he's on it I need to get the
better sprinklers there's better
sprinklers there's ones that do like 24
squares
really that's great iridium for that I
gotta find a source of ready oh oh yeah
Anonymous has a question for us rich
yeah what do you guys think is the worst
thing about modern shooters our
regenerating health and quick deaths
Call of Duty style I just don't like
that style mmm it's not for me
regenerating health
give me fun things to fight that aren't
just boring human beings mmm-hmm that's
another thing some good enemies I'm I'm
very old-school with my shooters yeah
unapologetically aye aye I think the
thing I can agree with you on the most
is the regenerating health it's no fun
and it and it's really really slows down
the pace of the game because you know
you shoot a couple things you get shot a
couple times just wait games where I
thought it'd work like Jewish very fast
moving though mmm I like it I like a
good health pack
give me a good health pack I don't know
to me more than anything is just just
the enemies just the the art itself is
give me something fun to look at
bet your chickens hatch chickens why do
you only have two chickens Oh
because before this is described I'm
starting to explode with money now
that's right a kind of low in folks okay
get yourself two more chickens and two
more cows just start pumping that shit
out man I'm making so much in crops I
don't give a shit yeah okay
crop empire is second-to-none your crop
empire crap empire your crop is a crap
empire you have a crop higher it's a
crap Empire Empire it's not a crap
higher right my only prediction on Civil
War is I'm going to enjoy it I'm
probably going to enjoy civil see these
characters at each other's throats yeah
this is just speculation on my part like
Captain America's gonna die no that's
gonna suck mmm it's gonna be the feel
bad movie of the Marvel Universe
you think mm-hmm interesting interesting
all right um turtle the wise sob soup
versus bat twice why that's a great
question the second time I walked in
right during the apocalyptic dream scene
it was a much better movie any chance
we'll see X come to this evening
probably not probably gonna do this and
then talk about Batman and oh my god oh
my god bacon Jacobs
I love rlm and now love prereq because
your youtube uploads keep me company
during tedious work days thank you thank
you for watching sorry there wasn't one
today that's actually my fault Rich's
fault completely
have you read Sandman comics yeah coffee
yeah never looked appealing to me I'm
sure I'm wrong that's fine no that's the
one you're supposed to like I also have
never read it I did love Sandman mystery
theatre though which is yeah it's
entirely different Sandman mystery
theatre if I could make a movie out of
any comic book it
you Sandman mystery theatre it's got
that wonderful oh it's beautiful and
it's realistic and it's just got this
little hint of mysticism and I love it
and it's it's a beautiful detective
story and it's just an everyday Joe
Sandman mystery theatre is the comic
book that needs to be made into a movie
or just more comic books have either of
you read the fables comics nope
rich I saw a Batman versus women
recently and I don't know what you were
saying last stream about not being able
to masturbate to it the dark anonymous
says the dark and gritty comic-book
stuff is done perfectly by The Punisher
and Netflix's daredevil yeah I did I
never said that you can't do dark and
gritty with superheroes it works just
fine
for some characters like like Batman and
the partnership by the way rich has
gotten a little further in daredevil
season 2 and the Punisher is is fucking
fantastic
in daredevil season 2 that actor and I
always on bear birth all Boorman whoever
that actor is who's playing The Punisher
is on Fleck
he's great I really enjoy I'm done it is
bleak but I don't care I just don't care
this is what I'm saying now John Baron
Thal Thank You Jon Bernthal is the
Punisher pardon me I thought the whole
season was really good have you I'm
trying to think where you are now four
or five
okay so you're not too far in so I won't
i won't talk about it too much
there are some issues with the season
too the issue is I just want to sit more
Punisher yeah and you will is what I is
I will guarantee you you will see more
Punisher and you will like it he's great
in it
we'll talk we'll talk more daredevil
once once rich sees all of daredevil I
won't say much I love that bit with him
in the hammer there's a very little bit
it's just a small thing that happens I
can't say anything about spoiling it so
I think I know you're talking yeah I
think I know you're talking about
Netflix how much is Netflix a month I
want to say that digital-only is like
eight or ten dollars a month
there's also DVD packages you know like
if you want DVD sent to you but I do
digital only and it's not very expensive
look at that little head lay that
floating head he's great he's great we
have not started Batman vs Superman
spoilers yet we will warn you
we're just playing a little star Valley
Rich's mining up a storm it's raining
there's a lot of rain happening combat
but I need myself some gold ore so $8.99
a month what
for Netflix yes $8.99 a month for
Netflix is what the chat is telling me
in America and just just so worth it um
turtle the wise sorry I started the
soups versus bat combo early convo
earlier
have you read attack on Titan manga just
finished it or the book the girl with
all the gifts got a lot of word it's
about a little zombie girl oh that
sounds fun
I did see attack on Titan the show the
anime show and had a lot of cool aspects
a lot of bad aspects the visual of them
attacking these weird-looking giant
monsters is wonderful run away from bats
run away from bats the girl the girl
with all the gifts gifts sounds of
interesting if it's about a little girl
zombie bats Newt says one strange bond a
strange bun cooking Oh interesting I'd
like for a bat Baz Newt says I'd like
for the DC extended universe movies to
be a multiverse situation eventually a
more fun Batman vs Superman show up who
aren't grim murderous shitheads and then
they have to fight the Zack Snyder
Batman and Superman because they're in a
different universe Snyder has the has
the keys right now he's got the keys to
the car and as long as their movies make
money he's gonna have those keys there's
nothing we can do about it we can only
hope that eventually he gets to make a
Batman movie because that's apparently
what he wants to make and maybe it'll be
good
mavs LP says I have a video I didn't
questioning I work with sports film and
cut down a game to just the plays that
involve the goalie should I stick with
hard cuts between each play or do I
crossfade with special transition the
rest of that question should I stick
with hard cuts between each play or do i
crossfade splat special transmission I
do hard cuts for each camera angle
change but I'm unsure if a hard cut
would be confusing
no III say hard cuts because a lot of
times fades or transitions can look
really cheesy and the hard cut is just
getting to the good stuff as long as you
can signal that the cut is done on
purpose
no one will think it's a mistake and you
know really if you're just showing the
highlights you do hard cuts all the time
you know just to make sure the at like
the thing happening on-screen is
different enough like start you know
like one play you start where the puck
is really far away one play one play you
start where the pucks a little closer
maybe maybe some sort of audience
starting where people on the screen or
relatively in the same position exactly
maybe some sort of audio or musical cue
like if you're cutting to a beat and
then people you know people will get the
jib but I say hard cuts fades fades can
be cheesy never crossfade never
crossfade never crossed they never cross
the fade
you you you only want to use like
special transitions if you are going for
something deliberately cheesy but then
you use those transitions that's like
seven o'clock okay let's see here the
real van rich did you really not know
that Arkham Asylum was named after our
Kumasi choo shit Massachusetts you know
about the Lovecraftian universe jack
shit I know jack shit about Lovecraft so
yes no I had no idea
I know Cthulhu is a name there you go
that's all I need to know bacon Jacobs
rich you are wrong about Sandman comics
rich you get a pizza roll my friend you
are wrong about the Sandman comics that
you haven't read you're wrong about them
you know what I never read them either
you know why they don't look that
interesting they might be great it takes
a ton of different mythology and makes
an interconnective narrative through
time also my space cop is in the mail
great great Begum Jacobs hopefully you
enjoy space cop
Gunther Studios why do these Zack Snyder
movies keep making money it's it's easy
they're banking off of already popular
IPs and he has a striking visual style
yeah that makes for really good trailers
he hates Superman but you know what he
has a striking visual style and he's
working off of already popular IP so bum
bum bum boom anonymous rich I have an
idea for a video game it starts off as a
military realtime strategy game but
during some combat it
switches to a first-person shooter what
do you think sure it's great you know I
love it
great rich loves it he wants to invest
money in it he told me my personal game
studio audit yeah bad yep
yes Zack Snyder has made one movie not
based off of an IP sucker punch I never
saw it did you see it no we got a we got
Donna Dead remake we got the 300 we got
the watchman and we got this soups of
his films the Man of Steel and Batman vs
Superman I have I have only seen 300
Dawn of the Dead remake I actually
didn't see okay yeah yeah and you can
it's nothing it's nothing special
he's from Green Bay did you know he's
he's he he grew up relatively close to
where we currently live does that matter
to you no Jeffrey Dahmer
Oh I've actually been to the hardware
store where he bought like his murderer
into the inside I usually I just had to
get something to the hardware store do
something for the studio you or not you
weren't on a murder sightseeing tour I
went to the hardware store that's great
all right of course J would be the one
to point that out
this is Jeffrey Dahmer's our you know
you can get home
sir if you take the upper path is it
yeah what's that oh me Jack it was a
leap what the fuck are you omec I might
meet him for something they're kind of
rare Oh guys you gotta get around your
bond
yeah the upper path is slightly faster
oh sorry I missed some tips here
do-do-do-do this stay phone fan Oh
distephano 87 Jack with your background
do you enjoy farming sims I run a
restaurant for a living and it's super
stressful but I have often unwound with
management sim games it's weird we
touched on this I am currently editing
our discussion of stardew valley in
which that answer that question will be
answered definitively answered via the
small hint is min that's much turtle the
wise rich what what is it wrong yes the
next question is it wrong that I am
going to see meet the blacks tomorrow
what the fuck is that I honestly have no
idea yeah I'm gonna say yes because it
sounds bad okay I'm leery I'm just leery
and I'm gonna say yes
what is meet the blacks we just drop it
we should probably just drop they think
it's even I don't know I don't know I
don't want to know okay great
and I in the sky on Saturday
I don't even know what I in the sky is
what's here I love movies especially
flock not sure if the former is
exploitation though song is great
Sherlock
everybody loves Sherlock hold on I'm
about to open a URL with a meet the
blacks the black family this is the IMDB
synopsis the black family is getting out
of Chicago in hopes of a better life
after Carl black Mike Epps comes into
some unexpected funds he takes his
family and leaves the hustling lifestyle
behind for something better
Carl his new wife Lorena and son Carl
jr. daughter Ally black and cousin kraut
pack up and move to Beverly Hills
turns out Carl couldn't have picked a
worse time to move they arrive right
around the time of the annual purge when
all crime is legal for 12 hours
what so it's like the purge oh yes I
were it's a it's a comedy it's a comedy
satire on the purge movie okay it's a
black comedy satire about the purge
movies movie like a Wayans movie but I
don't think the Lions have anything to
do with it right okay okay I don't give
a shit should you feel bad
only if you're hurting somebody like if
some or if your patronage is going to
second handedly hurt somebody like if it
like if you eat at a well you're paying
to see like the dog fights
oh yeah that's probably not good but in
general though you're not hurt do
whatever the fuck you want right as long
as you're not paying to see dog fights
or eating at chick-fil-a you should be
fine can't eat a chick-fil-a that's the
rule
wonderful dancing at the festival de
Rome festivals tomorrow Jack this is the
summer with the Spring Festival this
print festivals tomorrow
she better fucking dancer that I show
you down last time watch how many stars
did you have like first month oh yeah
you got no hearts then she knows him
Anna she's into it she invited you in
her room no I have someone else okay uh
did it to do anonymous says is the
Jeffrey Dahmer hardware store the one in
the group Huskies season five when Mike
goes crazy no no I don't believe it's
that one that is a different hardware
store the real van Jack what did you
like more oh the real van you're baiting
me here what did you like more Batman
versus Superman or the flash hangs that
was Supergirl I love the flash as you
guys know I really like the flash show
because I know even though I know it's a
cheap TV show it's a lot of fun and I
really like the actor that plays the
flash he's adorable
and everybody's adorable and it's a fun
show he is he's just adorable would you
say that with a lisp is where I'm
getting at ah I wouldn't say within list
because I want to be serious I want to
be serious when I call this grown man
adorable and as soon as I hurt and I
stopped watching Supergirl after a
couple episodes because I thought it was
a really crap show I actually caught up
on Supergirl just so I could be up on
current events when the flash came so I
caught up on Supergirl
I watched the flash Supergirl episode
and I loved it and I have got so much
fucking for me to do today it's just
like I'm excited to see how you handle
your farming we have yet to see rich
handling the farming I thought I bought
up seeds the last me all season five are
er Varia uh yeah baldur's gate great
what so it was adorable it's super fun
they have a great time together the you
know the villains aren't that great
and everything is cheap and cheesy
looking but it's just fun but it had fun
joy ball yes you didn't leave the show
wanting to kill yourself it's not an
adult's experience if not an adult
experience if you don't leave the
theatre trying to kill don't think you
understand would make something but sure
someone someone was tweeting at me about
that after my snide tweet about Batman
vs Superman like go back go back to your
Saturday morning cartoons great well in
my response to him I think was was
fairly legitimate which was let's be
honest here this is a genre comprised of
grown-ass adults playing dress-up and
pretending they can fly yes I think fun
is an OK thing you could be serious sure
and not like that aside if you're gonna
be serious how about just be a proper
movie being a good movie oh you gotta
get a large milk oh you got a big oh
yeah are you kidding I killed the city
fair not the first time in second place
really and you know what like they give
you the notice a week ahead of time I
just did the grave for the growing
patterns it didn't work out for me
didn't work you know what I only I only
put half my growing stuff in there like
I gave him some milk I even some of like
the stuff i foraged if it was gold star
but what I've learned since 2:00 is I
probably need a more varieties you also
got points for variety oh did you I had
a huge variety everything gold star one
your farm is significantly more
impressive than my farmer I do wish you
had another bee house though because
then you can get more honey
honey look we're working up to these
things slowly can't just rush into honey
and where's your keg I don't have one
yet you don't have a cake yet
I didn't focus on booze jack I'm rich
Evans I did
got me a keg right away I'm gonna make
so much wine my entire fucking field oh
oh you gotta water everything oh my god
this is all day yeah this is all day for
you all these potatoes get him off get
him off Super Mario Brothers to it boink
boink boink yeah I know the and like the
the the best thing about the flash and
Supergirl was oh my God my beans it
competes to it's everything
yes harvest all the things rich was
halfway through the episode I just
started realizing how much I was smiling
and the the the last superhero thing I
saw before that was Batman vs Superman
and I was that was just a perma from and
it's just like oh yeah I remember
enjoying shows that's fun do you
consider this mercy yeah this is my last
farm oh my god you're gonna have so much
Bank this is gonna be insane
yeah you gotta get ready for that
Wednesday when's the fair ones the
spring festival the dance yeah okay good
didn't know if I had to like rush to get
that today oh and by the way in
rewatching Man of Steel I know this is a
question we had about Superman in this
universe he does have x-ray vision okay
okay just to put that out there
he's just a he's just a dumb dumb guy
even though he uses his x-ray vision in
Man of Steel a couple times it's the
thing he has he's just dumb man milk
oh you know I still haven't watched it I
feel terrible you know why cuz that
saves me the time of having a
conversation with you guys in real life
I'll watch that I'll know your thoughts
on it and then we'll talk about
something else when we when we meet up
there asking whether or not the man milk
bit was improvisers scripted I don't I
don't my fort is where they might grow
the script like ten minutes before we
filmed it anyway
favorite ever wasn't technically
improvised it was improvised and I'm
pretty sure the lean end is - Jay were
completely improvised I'm pretty sure no
he could have used his x-ray vision when
he met up with Batman - not just the
wheelchair thing I see you've got some
kryptonite spirit behind your back or
you know if I if I use my x-ray visions
here and here I can see all of the traps
you've laid out weird I guess I'll just
fly instead of walk to you what oh you
only have seven days well there's things
a grown for much near shitload onions
sure I have a greenhouse
somebody's usually in half in the bag
the the little I know about half in the
bag all I mean all of these actual
discussion is 100% off-the-cuff they
like you know just see you guys talking
about the movie usually there's not I
mean as far as my involvement is there's
never been a script discussion oh no I
meant for the the skits script and
things get improvised just go here and
say this thing I mean all you can learn
all you can plan I'm not sure how much I
can plan what movie did I have the
strongest reaction to that's not a bad
question do you remember that like
watching a movie that you had the
strongest reaction to good or bad oh my
god that's all the garlic you think
again yeah you have a big farm yeah you
can grow jazz yeah
Rob Vader 12 wants a Pokemon update from
him so I've defeated Team Rocket in
their underground lair and now I've
finished the the the Pokemon death Tower
and you know calm doll the spirits and
had the Pokemon master gave me the flute
so I'm pretty excited about that
all my Pokemon are at level 30 and I'm
murdering absolutely everyone that I
come across because all my Pokemon are
way overpowered and right now I'm
clearing Team Rocket out of these silk
the sliff building or the silver Swift
building and then I'll take on the
psychic master in the fighting master
and then go
my next step is to remove what's the big
Pokemon that's standing in the way slow
bro or mofo mofo Bilbo Baggins I'm
forgetting what its name it's not Bilbo
Baggins sure it's not oh yeah do you
have any trees I just bought a bunch
oh great no I don't yet oh you should
get some trees they're great crap yeah
oh yeah you're you're good I'm the crop
master you are the crops Noir lacks
thank you everybody's so I can go get
Snorlax but right now I'm gym cleaning
up the Rockets out of ass lifts building
sales building and you know just just
doing it to it I only get like a half
hour of Pokemon in a day and like it's
usually just I play a little bit before
I go to bed so I'm not terribly far I'm
like 19 hours in it so not not terribly
far but just you know it's Pokemon it's
great I still have the same team though
I did I did just evolve my Jigglypuff
into a Wigglytuff because I just learned
rest and that was the move I wanted to
know so now I have a Wigglytuff who is
just a powerhouse I can I can i body
slam rest sing and defense curl so I can
just sing them defense defense defense
body slam and it's just just a goddamn
powerhouse that Wigglytuff really
excited about that so god I got a
Wigglytuff I got my Moo I got a
Charizard who's a Charmander now or no
he's a Charizard now I have a Ivysaur
and I have a Gyarados and my Pikachu and
that's the team that I've had for a long
time and I'm taking that team all the
way all the way to the Elite Four just
because they're awesome
and that's my pokemon sweet 16 you just
give them a sweet 16
there's no sweet 16 there's no sweet
only leave for basketball no we're near
exactly that's that's the Wigglytuff
genius you just you just keep resting
and heal up and then you sing them to do
i what i love Wigglytuff
I love jiggly puff I will stop talking
about pokemon now but you know someone
gave me money to talk about Pokemon so
I'm gonna talk about Pokemon puke dragon
guys cute
dragon but you just suddenly realize
that Pokemon was awful so puke oh my god
what have I been doing with my life by
the way that's a really good question
rich are you're not using fertilizer
yeah but if you use fertilizer you
usually get a higher gold star crop turn
out I'm too busy
I'm too busy raking in cash you know
what rich Tuesday okay uh puke dragon
guys long time rlm fan and recently got
into prereq I was wondering if you gents
have seen you might as well live you
might as well live if not I'd be happy
to send it your way keep up the great
streams what is it
I sort of game neither of us have know I
seen it I think it might be a movie of
some sort
i I don't think we have seen it or heard
of it whatever it is reason for divorced
Pokemon oh my wife is aware of my love
of Pokemon and she has accepted that
about me and you know it's fine
everything's fine I try not to let it
get in the way
do a Pokeball you know just every once
in a while it's like you know you want
to dress up as misty who's misty get
away from me
that's fine that's just what I deal with
oh there it is there's the timer hey
guys guess what time it is it's time to
stand up fucking garlic Jesus Christ
it's been an hour everybody stand up
I'm gonna stand up I don't wear a
wedding band and I will get to that
story in a minute I guess why not why
not stand up it's important stretches
out my knee that's why it's important to
stand up standing up for health for your
health we all stand up
I am such a dad it's great when I stand
up during the streams I feel better oh
that's great
that's great okay and start the next
time great okay wedding band someone has
asked me whether or not I wear a wedding
band as you can see I do not you
probably have seen in some of the videos
you probably have seen me with a wedding
band on I actually own two wedding bands
I know I had one wedding band and I got
it sized
when I was a big fat guy and when I lost
Oh Joe Oh fancy soda when I lost a bunch
of weight it would slip off my finger I
will I lost hand way oh and like
literally if I just you know hung my
hand Boop they would slip off yeah so
then I had to get a new one and I got
its size for my finger and it was
alright and then I started to work out a
little bit and gained a little weight
good weight and now it's too tight for
me and for anyone who has ever bought a
wedding band
they're expensive and so I I might need
a third wedding band right now and also
just my wife is okay with me not wearing
one that's saying you get rings resized
not the rings that I got I know you you
jerk
I know if you sent to something recently
and you're you're wondering if we got it
we probably got it today oh my god I
came into the studio there was a literal
car load of mail just sitting in a
little foyer area mmm it was ridiculous
we somebody
this custom soda which I'm about to try
right now this one's got a picture of
Mike and Jay on the label this is blue
bubble gum sewed up by Jones the guy
who's like a gigantic box
Pirate's Booty which is a great snack
that don't kill rich Evans no I saw that
and also but also like more cashews and
also the refrigerator is full of beer
which is technically no we bought that
or so it came to us not through the mail
oh I know it came through the mail
because the package was mishandled Oh
fortunately they work and what about a
fucking disaster if they were in glass
bottles but somebody's in booze and cans
fortunately and like the package was
just smashed and some of them have
exploded so I opened it up and it just
smells like the spunky stale beer okay
wait rich candy nuts yes I'm horribly
horribly allergic to nuts
yes tastes like bubble gums do I like
smoked meat no not really huge em smoky
flavor
you are an insane person smoked meat is
beautiful I hate him you know this is
why rich Evans can't have snacks look at
this terrible smoked meat is beautiful
ham no ham ham is I don't even know if
you want to call that smoked meat like
real smoked meat like meat from a smoker
like a big thing of pork on the smoker
it's great
rich shakes everything yes that is true
one small ball asks a very important
question that we will answer later
why does Luthor jr. feat a jolly rancher
- another grown man I am wearing a flat
because this is another thing we got in
the mail today somebody sent me a White
Sox cap it's flat brim which is usually
prefer the curvy woman I would conserve
manually bending it are no foul ruin I
don't think it's really intended
infinite it's not really designed
supposed to be a flat brim it works for
you is what I'll say it works for you
honza frosh says you have two options
okay are you ready for this rich either
half the Earth's population just drops
dead indiscriminately or you can save
them all by sacrificing yourself but no
one will ever know what you did you
think I'm not happy about it I can't
stand the heroic sacrifice trope it's my
least favorite great yeah especially
especially in a video game you spend all
that time identifying what the character
and staying alive yeah yeah you say well
game now you're dead
fuck off that's that's that tells me I
can't fucking stand the heroic sacrifice
it sucks uh and you know what I would go
the opposite no because here's why yeah
here's why I'm thinking long-term rich
Evans oh you mean with the question not
killing yourself I would kill half the
Earth's population did indiscriminately
okay okay oh that's what I thought yes
that's fine I would kill half the
Earth's population indiscriminately
because in the long run that will make
the human race last longer where
overpopulation is a real thing
it's nice it's nice when you can
rationalize your your monstrous tendency
my mom yeah yeah absolutely well these
are my two options and you know even if
that means like and of course if you
kill half the population
indiscriminately that could mean you
right that could mean you that could
mean just all your family it doesn't
matter it's indiscriminate I played
x-com that means you definitely yeah and
you know that will that will solve a lot
of problems that will drop global
warming that will open up a ton of jobs
oh my god okay uh tired and sad said
Jack have you were riched watched either
Kevin Smith's or max Landis's review of
Batman V Superman nope
Smith was straining to be positive while
Landis was pretty much played of course
he was Smith she sucks DC's cock I think
he hated it though overall did he yeah
no I think he's upset with him we failed
DC Comics because he convinced his
friend to be Batman he's just upset like
Affleck what were you doing it was a
good move for athlete was great he was
the only good thing in the movie I want
to see this Batman saw the movie I
really do yeah yeah I agree I agree by
the way no and you know I I just I
haven't seen either
I have heard through the grapevine that
Kevin Smith was overall really
disappointed with it
and he was the like I've heard he would
be a phone ahead of apologetics well no
like that was why I heard about it was
even Kevin Smith oh the horrible DC
fanboy is really upset with yes that
that was like the headline you know on
whatever site I was on it was like take
that it's not just Marvel fanboys
everybody hates it
and you know I just no offense to max
landis I just don't pay any attention to
what he does normally I subscribe to his
YouTube channel because I really like
the two long-form videos he did I loved
the his Death of Superman video and I
really liked wrestling isn't wrestling
even though I don't even want wrestling
he makes he every once in a while I make
some good videos but he did is Kevin
Smith did a whole podcast dedicated to
Batman vs Superman podcast oh but like
yeah well he does like 20 podcasts yeah
I think it was on the his Hollywood
podcast I don't know what it was called
but especially shocking that he would do
that oh right right
it's especially shocking that he would
be negative towards the movie that is a
little bit shocking yeah
turtle wise oh wait nope nope shocked ma
kid Summa
no sham kid Summa is is donating money
to not Bend that brim they're meant to
be flat I know you look good in it it
works for you it works for you you can
you could start a rap career it's
exactly what I don't want to do you wit
with the beard and the flat brim hat you
are you could start a rap career turtle
wise turtle though wise two questions
one comment one why no half in the bag
for gods of Egypt because I didn't see
it ask about that right - Jack rich what
was the last movie you saw at home that
you enjoyed like at home specifically
just at home that's what they're saying
that's that's the question at home
specifically that you and that you
enjoyed like for the first time re
washing something it's a very confusing
question I'm gonna say for the first
time well it's a movie that you saw at
home for the first time that you enjoyed
you know the movie a movie I saw at home
not in the theaters that I really
enjoyed was Black Swan really enjoyed
Black Swan recently I saw that
documentary about sword fighting at home
I can't think of any Opera House yeah
that's a very strange question turtle
the wise I don't know the last time I
just watched a movie alone at home yeah
that I hadn't seen before
Ted today's the day of the ranch the
today is the day of the dance rich is
gonna dance with Leia she better fucking
dance with you two p.m. to get that
dance free yeah you're fine you're fine
you're fine
I'm three from turtle DeWyze I want to
talk about Wonder Woman real bad we'll
get doing stick around for a couple
hours we'll get to it we'll get to it
here's what here's what I'll say uh no
spoiler that gal gadot she's a pretty
lady she ain't bad on the old peepers
peepers is it though is it yes okay
three no anonymous rich I'm trying to
keep up here anonymous rich if your
friend jack oh I get it okay if your
friend Jack helped you off a horse
would you help your friend Jack off a
horse no you would not help me off a
horse I would not okay that's fine
that's pretty fair the real V on guys
don't open that mystery box it's too
late it's from Miss katana k--
University which is in Arkham
Massachusetts oh wait rich hates good
things never mind enjoy whatever
squamous horrors where does the term
hate come into that I just haven't read
ship from Lovecraft they know it's 8:00
Jesus
oh I don't believe in Jesus Christ who I
don't believe it I think that makes that
that sentiment have more meaning Apple
side hey Jack I got engaged a couple
months ago how do I not fuck up my
wedding and do you have any tips about
deejay crap I'm full of tips about
deejay crap as I was a wedding DJ and
had a wedding that turned out fairly
successful right horse to the dance
yes wait stop for that Oh crazy my horse
can't jump over weeds oh no you can't
make it to the day oh my god I can't get
over these weeds the oak resin oh yeah
you can be huffing that shit nice um
here's here's what a wedding is a crazy
ego fest party that's all it is you know
you are just literally inviting people
to a party so they can congratulate you
and you need to be comfortable with that
because that's what it's all about and
they want to they love that they want to
go to a party they want to get drunk
they want to eat cake and they want to
congratulate you for getting married
that's all they want so you got to make
that happen right so get some food that
everybody's gonna want to eat have a
have a a free bar got to have a free bar
people love that because then they drink
more and then they have a better time
and you know you and you know I I think
you talked to me about this earlier you
said you were kind of an introvert and
so you're worried about people not
having a good time at the party because
you're an introvert and it's a crazy ego
fest and you got to be okay with that
people are gonna congratulate you you
have to be the life of the party they
are gonna go off of you and your Brides
q so you be the life of the party you be
on the dance floor people are gonna be
on the dance floor
you have to be that's a job you have to
and here's the thing if you want like a
totally chill wedding and no dancing and
no and no party then that's you set the
bar like hey I just want people to you
know hang out and have a good time and
have conversations then you get to set
that bar it's whatever you want but if
you want people dancing you gotta be
dancing and really really the best
advice I can give you is think very hard
about your wedding photographer look at
a couple people make sure their photos
are great that's the only thing that's
gonna matter like if people have a good
time if people have bad times out no one
will remember you will look back on your
pictures I had horrible a horrible
wedding photographer I was it's it's one
of the biggest regrets just of life in
general we had this horrible wedding
photographer we were incredibly busy and
the photographer maybe had an off day we
we knew him he had done other people's
weddings whose stuff we liked and and we
have horrible wedding pictures that we
never looked back on because they're bad
so get a good wedding photographer and
give yourself time that was the other
thing we did lisa's dress was a surprise
for me she wanted me to wait and see it
as she was coming down the aisle which
you know like that was important to her
and that's fine but in hinds
that meant we only had the time between
the ceremony and the wedding to get all
of our photos in and a lot of couples
nowadays are doing pictures before the
ceremony because you get a ton of time
yeah then you do the ceremony and then
you can just you know have fun at the
reception instead of trying to cram in
the photos between the ceremony in the
reception so that's what I'll say to you
don't worry about the dress get your
pictures done take your time you are you
are at nine out of ten heartily I don't
know you did it rich you did it just get
married in Vegas Jack what is your
advice to rich for his wedding I just
have a good time everybody you know that
is the really important part is make
sure you you take some time and you have
a good time at your wedding for example
I did not have any wedding cake so
everyone else were a nice suit but I'm
just gonna dance and my disgusting
farming overalls yeah I do hat do you
own a suit rich never gave me an option
to buy one she likes you in your
overalls you found a girl who accepts
you for who you are rich you don't need
to guess it yourself up for Leia
that's very true man you're always
getting better off you find somebody who
accepts you for that was fun wow that
was so worth wait did you get an extra
heart for that I got Jack ship for that
yeah that's alright you got a dance rich
I got jack shit you got a dance so yeah
I don't know I don't know if that
wedding advice makes any sense good get
a good photographer have fun and you
set the bar for where you want the party
to be and you have an open bar because
people like that it'll cost you a little
bit more money but people like that
people like to I mean I come from a
drinking family if we if if we anyone in
my family went to a wedding without an
open bar we would hear about it for
weeks afterwards just fine oh good
really good ceremony the reception was
at this great place all right let's see
here that was Apple side can you fucking
a crow what Oh got away with one of your
flowers
jerk jerk ass crow hey Jack hey rich
okay can you get rich to do a voicemail
for me sure are you ready for it so rich
this is the voicemail that they want you
to do for them okay ready rich is gonna
do it he was your voicemail hello you've
reached the voicemail of Brayden Watkins
take that over again oh that's problem
Braden there's an e in there yeah Braden
sure why is there an e in there Braden
it could be bradeen actually say bradeen
it's funny okay you want me to say
bri-bri then you have to if I do that
I'm getting it wrong as the joke yeah I
have to deliberately not know how to say
it okay a great Brady by breathing okay
okay here we go hello you've reached the
voicemail of Brady Watkins please leave
a message after the oh my god
oh my god perfect that's great all right
let's see here

[Part II]
all right let's see here beef hard
cheese says what's a pirate's favorite
letter of the alphabet I expect more out
of you people come on oh this one oh
that's one of two beef hard cheese I
will wait for your second one now beef
our cheese lloyd beets says I know rich
violently hates HP lovecraft but his
works are actually amazing they called
it cosmic horn Thank You Lloyd beets
oh here's the here's the second half of
it what's a pirate's favorite letter of
the alphabet you'd think it'd be R but a
pirate's true love is the sea beef hard
cheese not bad not bad at all
alright let's see here Dylan not Dylan
what are your favorite conspiracy
theories even if you don't believe them
yourself I mean right now I'm just in
love with the Flat Earth I think it's
hilarious
good you're always sure oh yeah
love me some UFO cover-up nonsense oh
yeah
rich what is the ratio of things you
hate versus things you don't hate I
don't fucking know calculates this shit
well you know what the the ratio just
got a little tip towards hate cuz he
hates that question girl it's greater in
the hates everybody yeah I guess I could
agree with that I'm gonna say there's a
universal minimum 80% Hey
for everything in the world you can love
her hey sure at least 80% hey all right
unless you like polka music unless
you're like a huge fan of serial killers
are you think are you saying you don't
like polka music I'm saying I don't like
polka me well I guess more important you
hate polka music gracious what I'm
saying is I are you saying you hate
polka music yes that's do you know rich
rich Evans zero fun all the time I went
to speaking of okay speaking of having a
great time at your weddings I went to a
wedding once
and it was an incredibly small wedding I
don't think there were more than 30
people there incredibly small wedding
had it held in an incredibly small like
it was it was like the larger section of
a bar you know just a very small shindig
and instead of a deejay instead of a
band the bride and groom
just rented a polka accordion esteem and
did nothing but polkas for like an hour
and a half and it was the dumbest fun it
was great cuz it was just polka music is
super fun rob Vater 12 you know rich
your wedding would be a perfect chance
for Jack to renew his vows I smell a
prereq stream I I'm gonna go out on the
limb and say we are not live-streaming
Rich's wedding yeah I just don't think
that's gonna happen don't do this
because I'm a narcissist right it's not
on Twitter because I'm not a narcissist
wait serious wedding tip don't let the
speeches go until people eat nothing is
worse than listening to people talk
while other people are starving
you know also with the speeches you know
usually like maybe maybe the father of
the bride gives a speech the best man
the maid of honor right you will
probably have a pretty good idea of
who's gonna give the best speech and let
that person go last because there is
nothing worse than
going to a wedding and like having
someone nail a wedding speech and then
someone has to go after them so figure
that out like don't worry too much about
like who your seating next to who cuz
like no one really cares unless I mean
if they really care then you know and
it's not a big deal but keep your
speeches light group together your your
father-daughter mother-son dance have
that at the same time and have that
early on out of water and then you know
you get those pictures out of the way
get out get out like all of the get all
the business out of the way because you
need those pictures it's not always
letting the best man go last because
I've you just know I've been to some
weddings were where the the maid of
honor is the key to all of this
anonymous I'm starting a new job in two
weeks at a big company they have high
expectations for me got any advice don't
let them know you listen to pre-record
that's guaranteed that's fireable
material try to try to be a hard worker
and try to do slightly more than what is
expected of you don't be yourself be
what they want you to be a job we all
know this this is just common knowledge
depending well he said he said it's a
big company yeah yeah suck up a little
bit a lot suck up a lot makes him make
you know to be nothing but suck up be
them to be the nice guy who everybody
likes and then and then well you want to
be the nice guy for likes cuz then
everyone will want to work with you and
and then come home and drink a lot
because you know you'll need that to get
through the next day
also anonymous Jack how much donation to
get you to
go up in clown gear for a second I
thought you're gonna shut up and just
sit here silently for the rest of the
trip what do you think rich how much how
much well not this dream because we were
doing Batman vs Superman
well like so for this stream you want me
to shut up for the rest of this dream
it'll be 500 bucks single donation
single donation of 500 bucks and I will
not say a word for the rest of the
stream and but you will sit there I will
sit here at while rich talks about
Batman vs Superman we will do the plan
stream any other stream 200 a 200 flat
donation I wish I could hack stream tip
just to see if I would do it well I I
made it high enough where I'll make you
think about it Oh what about the clown
makeup
how much did to come and clown makeup Oh
that'd be tough because I'd have to
actually like buy some clown stuff I
don't like clowns yeah creepy clowns are
just creepy well they do rumor 200 is
not for this stream it's for a different
stream to come and clown makeup I would
I will do that once I will come and
clown makeup once what do we think your
deal is your deal it's my deal
full do I need do I need an outfit I
would be uncomfortable the whole stream
I really really don't like clothes Oh
see this would be great now I just kind
of want to do it you wouldn't notice
I wouldn't like do anything overtly rude
but my body probably noticing that's all
I'm saying I'll do that for 150 151 off
donation you'll get that yeah well I
want to me you will get that I want to
make it obtainable but you know like you
know also you know because I got to go
by clown stuff then that's the only
right right that'll be the tough stuff
plant that seed oh and now people are
calculating what to do for clown makeup
and silent all stream was just some
simple addition right that would be
creepy as shit yeah what is you you just
here talking playing a video game and a
silent clown next to you for the whole
stream all right tortured biscuit hey
guys here's the dilemma Netflix isn't
available in my country would you think
it's wrong to pirate Netflix exclusive
series they don't expect anything from
me in the first place right are they
available on DVD eventually Netflix
shows and where they never available on
DVD
that's a good question rich it's
acceptable if you eventually find a way
to pay for it but you have to find a way
to pay for later yeah well I guess would
have to be later well yeah if it's not
available now and yeah I'm I'm of the
you know what that was I dunno you know
that was right well the clown one that
was the clown on maybe I have a
different idea of what's too much money
no that was that was definitely gonna be
made you knew it's a lot of money man
Ali Rosa says clown stuff well not sure
so by the way clown stuff is gonna
happen well I'll try to get it ready for
Sunday I guess because Sunday is their
next dream geez I know I promised it
will happen absolutely because I
promised I gave an amount and I'm a man
of my word I didn't think it would
happen that fast I thought it might
happen really yeah that's exactly what I
was expecting
that's great that's great who's gonna
cough up money for silent clown jack is
what they're saying not that much okay
um that's fine
clown but no face cam no well it'll be
guaranteed guaranteed it'll be great so
so Sunday Sunday you will get a cloudy
stream it'll be weird yeah it'll be
rich it's very excited about this
anonymous wants to know what our best
and worst memories from high school are
rich Wow there you go there you go
dress dress up like Eloise Cole high
school was the thing I had to do high
school was sure I'm not not overly
sentimental about high school mm-hmm
I get friend requests from people I
didn't even know that well in high
school I just completely ignore it I
don't give a fuck if I cared about you
in high school
hmm I still talk to you today absolutely
like Mike yeah Karen hmm if I didn't
care about you you'll never hear from me
again and that's fine there was this one
time
hmm where you know the people were not
kind of a general mmm it was okay in
high school high school was fine sure
junior high was a miserable experience
let's pick that along okay and walking
down the hall in middle school and I was
a senior and there's two kids I had no
idea other worse that wasn't like
freshmen or sophomores and this kid he
had like a full foot on the skinny kid
in front when he kept like shoving them
against the wall it's just kids just
trying to walk to his locker class I
took a bigger kid I just grabbed the
back of his shirt and I yanked and I rip
his shirt and I said pick on someone
your own size push them away Jesus
Christ I'm proud of that yeah yeah you
took the fear God in me right there
fucking ruined his fucking clothing yeah
I did not care Wow
that's the some fucked up shit
can't that's crazy
I mean that's great that's great for you
I don't have any stories like that from
high school yes do you bleed that's what
I should have told do you bleed you know
my you know and then he'd knocked me
look I was a senior I was much bigger
than him there's like freshmen they
haven't had their growth spurts yet but
the one was like really small I was
getting picked on and I did not like
that did not like that that's good
that's hardcore
that's hardcore yeah like for me you
know like I met my wife in high school
really enjoyed that part I met two
keratinized but the funny thing was we
never really had any of the same classes
together we had some of the same friends
I knew her mm-hmm I didn't know her that
well in high school we didn't become
really close until after high school Wow
okay we're just strange
Oh important question I've rich did you
brand him afterwards right like I have a
lot of fun memories from high school I
met a lot of friends some of whom I
still see to this day that one met my
wife in high school started dating my
wife in high school and the the my
favorite part of high school was the
moment I realized that it didn't really
matter
yeah what I did in high school which
happened right at the end of junior year
and so senior year was really a breeze
cuz it just doesn't it just does not
matter as long as you pass as long as
you graduate your life is not affected
by high school
too much money oh yeah like that's ever
gonna be a problem like that's ever
gonna be a problem all right if you like
your wife so much why don't you marry
her that's good all right um let's see
here hi jack hi rich Jack I know you
love board games
what would your top three favorites be
right now I am crazy into Marvel
legendary Lisa and I play it at least a
couple times a week to player and every
chance we get we try to get a bigger
like four four player game and I'm
mobile no invite me over for that shit
absolutely absolutely
I love I'm super super into Marvel
legendary because it's you know I'm a
big Marvel person and I enjoy
deck-building games also oh you need to
play this for our next board game night
is this mysterium that one were
someone's a ghost and the other people
I'd like trying to understand what the
ghost is oh we're having a board game
night soon mysterium is so fun it's so
different than any board game I've ever
played and I really dig it I don't think
I have enough time in the month to play
anything else doing you have four weig
this is spring twenty eighth yeah it's
the last day
oh no you don't have any time plant some
trees I haven't had time I've been so
busy with my crops well you know maybe
tomorrow they'll have some time I might
today okay Chad Chad wanted to see me
play those are you excited yeah has this
been worth it this is a perfect
streaming game right here I love it so
those are the two have been playing
lately that I can that I really enjoy
you know what but I've also just like I
like risk I like monopoly I like some of
the classics you know I know monopoly is
not necessarily popular but risk is
great risk is great
I'm not very good at risk because I do
really bad about thinking ahead but I
enjoy it
dice rolling monopoly I really enjoy oh
you know have you ever played um I'm
gonna forget what it's called it's it's
a really it's a board game that's like
that's like Tetris Oh remember what it's
called where you get like you get like
Tetris pieces and a board made where the
tetris pieces can fit the tetris board
game it's not the tetris board games but
um someone here is gonna know what it is
and you have to like put your Tetris
pieces where only corners touch you
can't let sides touch yeah and then they
all start interlocking it's a really
blackest thank you mph that's it it's
this game called blackest and it's very
it's it's a weird game where you have to
like get as many pieces on the board as
you possibly can and all the other
players are trying to do the same and
you can like interlock with other
players pieces but you can only touch
corners of your pieces together to
really really need blocks yes we did get
money for a clown stream there will be a
clown stream how much more for the
silent clown stream yeah that's a $200
we need a one-time donation of $200 and
I will be completely silent in clown
makeup yep on Sunday stream I don't I I
just can't I can't imagine I won't
explain anything by the way I will
refuse to jacket's if the silent
donation comes and it'll just gentle
just be Jackson look quietly in clown
makeup not talking to me yeah and
anybody who's like new to the stream I
won't say a word about it that's our
shtick yes that's really like I really
like
they were playing stardew valley it was
a lot of fun I really enjoyed the stream
the weirdest thing is though they just
had a silent clown I don't know if I'd
like it
$2
oh here's $2 for rich taking on the
bully not all heroes wear capes thank
you rich from anonymous rich I don't
care if you don't if you or I don't care
if you like it or not but I'm going to
give you my preacher update ok just
finished the saint of killers backstory
and it's becoming one of my favorite
series that's a great bad story yeah I
still need to get that from you
the preacher let's see here the real van
Jack there's a few board games based on
HP Lovecraft such as Arkham Horror
eldritch horror and elder sign don't
invite rich though he hates that stuff
Wow
I keep getting updates I followed the
guy on Twitter who's making the
blood-borne a board game and he's doing
like updates to it I'm just I'm just so
hyped gonna get that day 1 it's gonna be
great
anonymous tell us about the first time
you got drunk rich I lost about the
first time actually believe it or not
mister non-drinking does have a drunk
story really it's not much of one I'm
ready for it Kurt I'd always wanted to
see me good drunk and I you know anyone
who's a non drinker I think that's
that's a pretty big Universal let's see
what happens when when I ended up
getting a good job in construction ok
and to celebrate you know what colonel
yeah I'll get drunk for you that's what
you get and surprise surprise there's a
laundry list of people who would love to
see what I'm like drunk absolutely only
the mistake she made was she got drunk
too and she didn't get to really enjoy
it oh yeah I just didn't like I just I
threw up but I felt bad oh yeah real
good
I don't see the big deal well I don't
know I don't know what the fuck I was
doing I just drunk a ton of whatever
oh it was too much yeah well yes
obviously can you cut down those
mushrooms once you because they're
supposed to be rare I'd rather just put
a tapper on them all once I'm gonna put
a tapper
yeah what are they what do they get what
are you can you swallow mushrooms I just
keep producing Oh rather than a one time
you get mushrooms yeah you're gonna just
get continual Oh
meat meat I'm clearing out this whole
area I won't plant grass around here
it'll be like my little my little park
the but this is gonna be a mushroom park
Oh
mushroom part but it's my tree Park sure
okay like that I like that and I have no
recollection of the first time I got
drunk I come from a drinking family I
started drinking very early I mean I was
12 or 14 probably when the first time I
got drunk so I don't remember that far
back probably because I got drunk at
such a young age
close to another tree how far apart do
that to be it's nonsense wait one this
is too close to another tree no I just
you just need a the message popped up
said too close to another tree really I
thought you just needed all the blocks
around it to be free yeah that'll be
great
it'll be great you knew you had to know
that wasn't out of the question
you had to know obviously it wasn't out
of the question rich I just didn't think
anyone would pull that particular
trigger
not sure Oh doing I have very little
sympathy for you right now very little
sympathy there's just I just didn't I
didn't think anyone would just imagine
that that was your problem that was my
problem the next time we make this
agreement we're gonna up those stakes a
little bit yeah so so hence frosh is
saying total clownish motherfuckers so
Sunday stream will probably play in this
again because this is a fun little game
and I will be completely silent wearing
full crown here I will say I will not be
wearing clown shoes as those are very
expensive but I will find a clown outfit
I will wear full clown makeup I will do
my makeup you can go to the thrift store
just find the most ridiculous shoes you
plant is that what you want
yeah okay that's ridiculous as possible
great great this is gonna be a weird
stream everybody a weird lb turbo stream
we must be honest just like a rich Evan
solo stream we know how those go I don't
know maybe we just was someone else in
the room like you'll feel urged to talk
what game should I play because Jack
can't say anything I can't say anything
you can play this what does Jack hate
you could have rich play anything
wouldn't what games do Jack this Jack
hate one of your like masters answer
those some suggestions what game should
I play during the weird asked Jack
stream this work maybe like some get a
clown game dropsies possibility
possibly drop see possibly drop see
thief's only dangerous Jack would
despise only dangerous
what's that there's a ship flying game
oh yeah I probably would despise that
sweet Jesus Christ like a Pokemon stream
where Jack couldn't say anything
what sort of Pokemon should I uh I'll
just feel like I got alright stuff down
no I can't right yeah I don't think you
should okay you can this will be a this
will be a complete test of my willpower
I I have grown very accustomed to the
being as verbose as possible during
these streams because I think that's
entertaining and this will be a quite a
shift I can always use a dry erase board
that would be great um let's see here
Casey Banner wants us to play the bomb
defusal game with me giving instructions
in mine
that would be great
hey rich says anonymous if God doesn't
exist then how do you explain them Bible
it's nonsense how about this checkmate
that's how you explain it rob Vader says
this is the best day of my life
this is great this is going to be Sunday
is going to be an interesting day
the real fun thing the real fun thing is
I have a shoot very early on Monday
so that's not my propagating getting off
that clown makeup to make sure I look
professional Monday market do do the
fertilizers like override each other
what do you mean like can I use two
different types of fertilizer that fuck
me somehow I don't know I've never tried
two different types of fertilizer give
it a try this is yeah this'll happen on
Sunday because why not because you know
I promised we would do this and it
should happen soon Gunther studio says
Jack how much for you to never smile but
you Hawk a clown horn whenever rich
makes a bad joke oh you better believe I
am getting a horn
I am fucking getting a horn that's what
you get
don't you even believe I get Flint first
go click on it or right-click you just
click on it I guess maybe that's after
the fact what no no you put you put your
fertilizer down first
well I can't that's weird did you hold
that area yeah that area has been
holding to do ho why can't I do this are
you right-clicking on it yes some left
and right wait back only you're too
close I have no idea why I can't try a
different stretch try a different area Z
Ock 21 just wait wait till it feels
right what huh oh there you go just
weird yeah just wait wait till it feels
right man no hurry
I can't stack them okay well there you
go let's see here
turtle the wise wants one sex come
two-fisted buy dope smokes wants to let
us know I can't wait till it to get
weird it's gonna get weird
gruff Nick military said that just
happened there's nothing more I can say
I can't
until Sunday how about how about time
motherfucking fighter oh that would be
and that would be boring um let's see
here my name is Tate I asked the clown
question and with my $8 plus 2 is $10
and I say you can write messages if you
like also do I know any clown tricks oh
I'm making balloon animals
don't don't think I'm not making balloon
animals it's too close to another thing
oh oh you know what you might need to
just I think you first you need to hold
the whole square
oh the whole 8 square to close to
another tree no no miss Jim this is made
by one guy hold the entire square around
it now try planting it what that doesn't
make any sense something is wrong rich
this is not correct this is this is not
correct
oh they say dig up those plants at
acorns they count as trees there's that
planted a cone right there where'd this
yeah because you can plant stuff like
that and they count as trees yeah I'm
not gonna try it oh there we go thank
you thank you um let's see here
Nico : Jack so are we talking complete
silence or would having a clown horn or
a small Bell be a possibility oh I'm
gonna have a horn on warning bell all
the way I'm gonna definitely have a horn
I'll look into getting a bell and I'll
be making balloon animals every once in
a while I can make like three balloon
animals I've never never had a fruit
tree do they have like the different
qualities I'm like the Stars no I don't
believe so no they just they're just
standard yeah but the fertilizer should
help them grow faster one of them does
this one improves quality which I guess
I don't
yeah don't worry about the quality I
don't know if that affects the quality
of the fruit drop that drops from an
Lawson I'm wondering I don't know Chad
does anyone know I don't know um let's
see here
I want to posit that somebody knows this
question leftover beefcake this donation
is for a birthday hat for Jack's and
Sunday is my birthday and what a present
this next dream is gonna be well
beefcake happy birthday on Sunday you
get you get the biggest treat of all
this is gonna be this is gonna be just
the dumbest I love it I love it
anonymous
oh my god how much for rich to only
refer to Jack as daddy during the entire
zero zero chance of that happening
1 million dollars ha ha let's go put a
price I will do that fertilizer doesn't
work with fruit trees according to
liquid rail all right what about the
growth stuff probably not
let's see here tired and sad says rich
but as George Lucas could you explain
your hatred of clowns
the creepy there there's something even
a little clown I just I can't I can't
stand my son and where since I was a
small child
I've been panicked at the side of a
clown or something yeah and I just made
my family took me to the circus once
it's a child
I'm the clown just backing away in
terror at this that does Lovecraftian
horror that's this is this mutant
monster that one of my soul George Lucas
is quiet yeah he's very hard to do
because he's so quiet I can always pick
it up as long as I'd like
now we need a clown emoji and we'll see
there's an annual thing
it's clown Dee it's clown day what days
in it's clown day
you knew you you had no your reasonable
your reasonable human being Jack rich of
course the possibility existed that's
why I put a price on it I just thought
that might be too much money maybe too
much money that's what I thought to
myself I was wrong very wrong and I have
learned a lesson about how wrong I was
and you know sometimes we make mistakes
and all we can do is learn from those
mistakes and that's gonna be fine what
do we do when we fall what do we do when
we fold the question alike so like do I
need to drive here in full clown makeup
and do my makeup at home do you guys
want me to do my makeup on camera no no
I think I need to be ahead of time we
just need to start the stream yeah
you're already sitting there and I'm
already a clown makeup okay great great
oh there we go hey everybody it's been
an hour please stand up it is time to
stand up just I'm just I'm just it's
it's stand up time clown makeup yeah I
think that's the baby that's the best
that's the road that's the way to go I
want to play a game like this that like
is very popular on Twitch right now in
it because it will be the most fun if
Randy yeah people oh I agree with that I
agree with that is is this really
especially popular on Twitch I believe
okay I can look it up while I stand I
guess start a fresh game
I'm gonna get the bed get the water
trees
I've never fuck around with trees in
this they just they just do their thing
it was pretty popular for a while
what is now counter-strike hearthstone
dota 2 Call of Duty Street Fighter it's
it's like a it's like a weird card game
the division Dark Souls 3 creative I
guess I could play hearthstone and try
and figure that out on my own
you know start you know what stardew
valley still in like the top 15 mm-hmm
so it's still up there pokemon ruby
alpha sapphire no no chatting about the
clown that's not gonna happen no what no
chatting about the clown I'm just gonna
do it yeah yeah yeah no that'll be the
most fun is just pretending like it's
not happening pay2win don't get
hearthstone it refresh my drink in
preparation what time is it 10:30 are we
it's like wow
is it weird for you guys when we just
leave is that weird
yeah oh yeah taking a break is a normal
thing usually like they they have like a
little on break thing no I mean it's
fine you know just weird yeah is it
weird when we leave yes yes yes kind of
oh I did something at my knee oh okay
hold on I miss I think I missed a couple
tips so anonymous wants us to do
impressions of each other I'm terrible
at impressions so no okay great I like
Pokemon turtle the wise has bought three
copies of space cops so far gifted one
to a friend my god and sent a second to
a youtube series called welcome to the
basement have you seen any of their
YouTube common content first time I've
heard of them yep hopefully they enjoy
it oh that is fun and gruff Nick
military says wait a second what if Jack
is totally silent that means a rich will
have to read all of the tips yeah if a
newcomer asks rich why is there a clown
beside you look dead at the camera and
say what clown what's the best way to
handle them it's like but the clown next
me you have to look over maybe like what
clown deep to do ass I never went in the
corn
I suppose I could just ignore it that
part or read it differently
- I like substitute cloud with something
else go why is it why is there that or
say go like this go
why is uh so uh you know an anonymous
wants to know why there's a clown
sitting next to me
well this hat right here is actually the
Baltimore Ravens just talk about your
baseball hat as if you have a mental
disorder a caesarian fart rich what how
much for a Lucas only stream no voice
switching I'm talking about George Lucas
from minute one of the stream until the
end I don't think would be that good
I've been willing to do it for money
because I'm a horrible hack so out it's
quiet and the way I do it the way I
embody Lucas is wearing box gym when
you're the character doesn't want to
reveal things really let's get through
the clown stream first let's just all
hundred focused on the clown mystery
we're gonna get through the country and
we're just gonna see how you guys handle
the curtain of the clown stream because
it might be so weird we're just not
gonna know anything should know should
the mods delete anybody in the chat who
says anything about their brand of
Cologne I think it's better if they're
confused people asking about the clown
and nobody explains it that's the yeah
like nobody would have to explain it
mods can clamp down on people who
explained the clown like those messages
just delete anybody who tries to explain
what happened no like ever everybody
here just be cool you know you want this
joke to happen to everybody here's gonna
be cool we're gonna play a popular game
new people are gonna come in and be so
confused and it's gonna be great
anonymous says hey Jack I have 999 games
in my Steam library that's a lot can you
please ask the chat what they think my
1000th game it should be I also want to
hear what you and rich Fink as well what
do you like this shouldn't be up to
somebody else what you play for your
1000th game should be up to you my
friend
pac-man here pac-man pac-man DX what
here's what you should do
find a reasonably priced game that you
would normally just not play you have a
lot of games right now right but I bet
there are some games that you just say
to yourself I just won't enjoy this you
should try something different that
never works sometimes it works it does
so I discovered X so you know just think
about that every once in a while and by
the way you're totally right anonymous
says it's going to be hilarious when the
clown stands up every hour walks around
and sits back down without any extra
because I and the timer will go off too
so every hour just PPP people the clowns
are gonna get up and then sit back down
silently oh my god oh that's true fear
for luck boy has a good point
not even just new people there will be
prereq fans yep that weren't here
tonight that will be just this confused
that's right and everybody mine that's
fine everybody needs to just beat like
be cool like nobody talked about it
don't even mention it don't even say
what clown just don't answer their
question it'll be hilarious
we all need to work together
mm-hmm to fuck with people anyway what's
your worst air travel story
about all of them all of them okay I
hate planes every time I get in a plane
it's been very few times because I avoid
it whenever I can I am fully 100%
convinced I am going to die
uh-huh and every time I get make sure I
say my goodbyes to Karen yes I love you
you know I love you all right I'm just
convinced it's my last trip when I get
on a plane I hate it Wow I'm so sorry I
have flown on many many airplanes I
travel a lot and I like airplanes
because they get me there faster
you know why for it's good hey when it's
your time it's your time man you just
gotta let that be my absolute worst air
travel experience was we were on my knee
myself my wife and at the time my only
child who was I want to say - no no not
even to like one and a half one ish one
ish one and a half ish maybe even
younger no one and a half-ish Wow
we're flying and it was his first time
flying ever and we we took one airplane
and it was fine
had a little layover and we get on the
second airplane and the Sun had come up
we started flying rather early and we
thought it would be really cool like we
got him at the window see we looked at
the window and and you know it's like oh
let's watch the airplane take off it'll
be really great and this child without
knowing what was happening watched the
earth disappear and didn't understand
why the earth was disappearing and spent
the remainder of the two-hour flight
screaming at the top of his lungs yeah
and there was no consoling him it wasn't
his ears popping it wasn't anything
except for he was like rich Evans
scared for his goddamn life don't blame
the kid and everyone around us was
trying to give us advice about like what
to do when a child is upset at the plane
and we tried everything
everything and it was horrible it was
the worst flying experience
and yet to get home and then we had to
fly home and it was equally as bad yes
that we've flown several times since
then with both boys they are both now
very good fliers but of course like now
they're old enough to understand what's
going on we did take a little break from
flying but we tried we tried everything
and just screaming at the top end and
also flailing like he was also you know
he was a lap child at that point and
just we couldn't even like contain him
just no get me out of this metal death
box I feel for him yeah yeah that's all
that's all it was to him was a metal
death box that was making the earth
disappear yeah so it was but now it's
over and ever you know like they like
flying now I will never like him flying
is great it gets you to your destination
faster you have no control over what
happens any time any time any time
you're driving a car could come and hit
you kill you do boy damn you don't I can
I can at least take a like a vase of
fish I have some measure of control
no car no more than I have it up to bait
no more control everything you could die
any time let's see here then the engine
gives out your fuck I don't like it
right keep it away I don't like it let's
see here yeah easy
oi industry says Jack please consider
wearing all green so your clown face is
just floating next to rich while funny
it's better if I'm in a full outfit is
better I will try to find a clown off
with no green on it so it won't mess
with the green-screen tired and sad have
either of you guys played injustice gods
among us it's conflict between Batman
and Superman is far more interesting
than a Batman versus I've heard that I
have it I have it
oh okay I just haven't played it that
much I'm not a huge fighting game guy Oh
is there fighting here yeah okay
Street Fighter esque oh okay so now like
I just a brawler it's a fighter
alternate universe Superman comes
fascist Rob Vader is concerned about our
stream on Sunday because everyone is
going to think the clown is single
because the clown is not wearing a
wedding band for those asking I did see
that during the wedding band discussion
why I don't wear the fat guy wedding
band anymore is because I haven't gained
that much weight I've gained enough
weight back where my fingers are
slightly bigger than they were before
but not enough weight to be fat guy
fingers anymore I'm in-between ring
sizes and one is too tight and one is
still way too loose to be careful
cutting
yeah cuz I'm are good everything over
here was good you have to mark you're
good trees mister glitch says hi jack
any chance you could slowly crank a
jack-in-the-box occasionally during
Sunday's if I can find a jack-in-the-box
absolutely lost and Tech's Technicolor
says Jack can you make your alarm some
kind of creepy circus music for Sunday I
will see what I can do turbo Jesus five
thousand jack one of the times you stand
up after the timer goes off you should
come back with a knife blood blood like
around your mouth
get some fake blood is that acceptable
listen it's a silent clown stream
anything is acceptable covered in blood
just a little bit just a little bit more
blood each time you're right oh my god
günther studio says no Jack do the
reversal wear a clown outfit but paint
your face green I'd be weird no it's
good my Folklife full clown that's what
I promised that's what you're gonna get
anonymous says hey Jack and rich I'm
currently writing my first animated
series got any tips well I know
everything about writing an animated
series yeah I don't know
entertain yourself rather than worrying
about what other people think we're
funny make yourself laugh first I think
that's what I do
it's become it's probably a good call
I'm gonna look happy I'm gonna I'll make
a happy mouth I have a mouth clowns and
some big I need some never and that
never works they never look happy I know
they look weird it's been so long since
I've like done clown makeup it'll be
weird
fuck sabrine what's that fish with a
fish Haley wants a fish she won she is
but like what does she want to fish for
she's like giving a diamond I just need
some like fucking mall shopping fucking
Haley not planning on planting bees on
the 27th in a 28-day month but if I ever
get a greenhouse
once I'm to play it minute sure let's
see here tired and sad says down here in
prereq we all float I don't necessarily
get that
it's been a while down here we all flow
I'm green makeup around the eyes just
green makeup around the eyes so like it
cuts out my eyes on the green screen no
no like we we can't make the clown too
demonic because like the joke is just
that there's a clown it's closer to mic
enough on there alright right we're not
concerned about life just a normal cloud
is still creepy making it a demonic line
a normal clown in the wrong context
automatically creepy you don't need to
accentuate it too much yeah yeah yeah do
be sandwich hijack I just watched
Plunkett's cop dog review which showed
footage of other dog films knowing
you're friends with Mike and you have
two kids out of curiosity do these
movies belong to you
nope we get sense so much weird stuff
no in fact like one time why I try to
keep as many crappy movies out of my
house as possible and like I try to
steer them away from movies I think are
just deadly crappy and you know I try to
like have them watch good movies you
know a couple slip in here and there
from on Netflix or when they're at
grandparents house but now we try to
watch good movies they were actually in
the store oh no oh no Maru is is in her
parents house she wasn't just there okay
I don't know where she hangs out it's
fine it's all funny okay great I do a
lot of knifing yeah I mean I'm just I'm
a hand talker
she's a hand guy I'm a hand talker talk
with my hands Jack plays the handball I
play
I do the hambone all the time
what did they just see they just they
were just at their grandparents house
I watched pan the the Peter Pan prequel
the epic flop the epic flop and I loved
it yeah because they're kids they don't
know anybody just kids given her an
amethyst she likes him
oh of course she does cuz it's purple
it's purple she's purple like her hair
oh man you're the best you know she
keeps talking about like how much she
likes the caves and such so I tried to
give her stuff like out of the caves and
she doesn't like a lot of stuff you know
what she's a poser
she's a loner art John how are you going
to explain the Maya to Mike and Jay when
you show up in the costume also how will
you explain to your family about this I
will just tell them you get ready here
huh you get ready here before or I can
get ready here I don't know you know
it's not me the best way to do it
I yeah you guys well you guys clean it
gets smear like you know on the way here
or anything weird it really depends if
it's raining if it's raining I will
definitely get ready here if it's not
raining I might do it at home just
because then I can like really take my
time and think about my makeup yeah cuz
I want to make sure it's good clown
makeup you know I want to look good and
it's been a long time since I've done my
clown makeup the last movie I watched
together with my kids was when we went
to the theater and saw my neighbor
totoro and they loved it and I loved it
and we've got to see it in the theater
and in the theater was jam-packed and
there was a bunch of kids there they're
showing Miyazaki films at my local
theater all month I'm gonna miss this
Saturdays Howl's Moving Castle and I
really like that one
so we're gonna miss that one but the
last that was the last movie we we all
saw it together and it was great and now
like we just took a walk this afternoon
and the theater is showing Batman vs
Superman and I had to explain to my
children
I had to explain to my two children why
they couldn't go see Batman this was a
real conversation that we had doing
great Warner Brothers you do it great
that was and and and it's not like like
they're selling toys for Batman vs
Superman they are selling in action
figures they have some they have some
action figures from the movie because
they like Batman Superman what kid
doesn't like Batman Superman and you
know we're Marvel fanboys and Marvel
fanboys
Marvel Zombies yeah and it's it's just
it's just it's shameful um so you guys
can't see that movie it's inappropriate
for you like oh like oh it's also very
boring you're gonna be bored let's see
here
anonymous says the clown should smoke
cigarettes no cuz that's gross and it's
gonna stink up the wrong creepy enough
justjust a clown it's normal clown we
already have a silent clown that's weird
enough Manny the Vera King says
Harlequin please try to get Mike or Jay
on clown day you know I'm sure they're
gonna hear about it I don't think so I
think just me and you with you not
saying anything is the way to go oh I
agree that's the way I mean doesn't if
they come they come they're probably
they usually don't come so you know
that's what we have to do to do let's
see here speaking of pan do you two
think future generations are going to be
able to discover new cult classics that
were commercial flops or as media coming
out too fast now
no there's there's I think there's
always going to be a market for for
discovering you know lost treasures yeah
always
and almost almost Mad Max it did
underperform hmm but like even think
about like the the wet hot American
summer Netflix series right like they
did that movie that series that that
world found a new life even though it
came out relatively recently I think
there's always there's always gonna be a
market and maybe somewhere down the line
someone's gonna see a flop and give it a
chance and boom gonna get a second life
absolutely I am trying very hard to
think of an example of a movie that like
totally flopped but was alright that
might find new life later and I don't
know what that is though it's probably
going to be a movie that's a regional
idea or you know a new IP and
intellectual property property property
it's a proper it's properly a property
rich yes like I you know maybe there is
a world in which like Jack and Jill
becomes a cult classic that probably
won't probably not but there the world
exists classics are good movies that got
over once oh not bad movies that were
just bad people don't find them and just
say oh yeah there you go like stuff like
stuff like dread illicium edge of
tomorrow I think people are gonna look
back on edge of tomorrow really fondly
does it have to be a just to find just a
financial flop or a critical flop or
both either I think I think it's either
dark City dark city that came out the
shadow of Titanic I don't think it did
very well in
oh okay I hope more people go see edge
of tomorrow that is a really fun one I
should see you really oh it's great wish
it I know I should it's really fun it's
a really fun Elysium is is all right
ringing in Dutch you know it's not it's
not the underground hit that district 9
was but it's alright it's not bad
smelter wedge and all of us
oh no sorry full Picard full Picard says
I'm sorry if this is a downer but a
friend of Mines wife recently got cancer
they need money support they set up a go
fund me but it's not reaching its gold
please free wreck donate I will click on
this I will take a look full Picard I do
not I have clicked on the GoFundMe link
I cannot confirm or deny any donation
but I will take a look smelter wedge and
all of us says I tuned into the stream a
bit late so I might have missed it
but what are your thoughts on stardew
valley we filmed an episode I'm editing
it right now should be out later this
week probably won't make it up to the
main site so follow us on YouTube or the
Twitter and you will hear all of our
thoughts I think you just watch me and
tell that I'm in some kind of zone yeah
you are absolutely in some kind of zone
snow pea you know if snowpiercer was
alright I feel very simplest no piercer
I feel very similar to a listening where
it's like it's alright it's fine
is that right snowpiercer is like more
impressive if you know that like it came
out after the huge Captain America
success this all gets stored individual
oh that's terrible well oh yeah I do
that is terrible
oh that's terrible all right um where am
i turtle the Y's did you guys see room
it was really damn good I don't like
things that are depressing
I really don't yeah yeah I didn't see it
either it's just I know things to do
this is but this is coming from a dude
that thinks 2014's best movie is
whiplash edge of tomorrow is great by
the by oblivion is good too
great
I just you know snowpiercer had some
really good visuals and it was a fun
little story that didn't necessarily
make a lot of sense at the terrine movie
that's the Train that's all the world
lives on a train yeah
and the ending kind of kind of petered
out but it's fun you get to hang out
with Chris Evans for a little bit that's
always fun Captain America with the
beard you like Chris Evans no great it's
fine great great Captain America he's a
great Captain America moon is a good
candidate for cult classic absolutely
moon was great did you see gas emus Sam
Rockwell on the moon man it's Sam
Rockwell on the moon that's all you need
to know anonymous if I fund a pre req
world tour would you spend a few weeks
flying around the world to stream live
on location you can wear the clown
costume if you want if they fund it
maybe the answers absolutely there you
know that means that you have to get on
a plane that means you have to get on
several planes but you get to see the
world rich only believe caring it's got
to be funded for Karen too
then I can say a ticket over here you
can see the world I've shown you the
world and then I'm then I'll be dumb for
it I'll be terrified every time I get
the plane she'll need to work for us but
so she'll be our she'll be our life
that's just part of my price her her job
is calming rich Evans on the airplane
yes okay no they they didn't say
anything about meeting fans that you
said world tour like we'll just they
just want us to stream from different
locations oh we can do that it would be
really weird though because we would
have to have one like camera on us and
the location to like prove that we were
streaming in Egypt right and then one
you know also we'd have to stream so
it'd be like the game too
it would be strange but you know many
the Vera King have you guys watched
Justice League Justice League Unlimited
Justice League gods and monsters or any
other Bruce Timm related works I haven't
seen gods and monsters but it looks
interesting
I've watched a decent chunk I think of
the Justice League of the would've
chosen to entertaining it's got a great
Batman of the great Superman it's got a
bunch of other lame DC characters in it
though anybody ever here's a question
question okay does anybody actually like
Martian Manhunter is there anybody who
honestly likes that curve like he's just
super am super into Martian Manhunter
man he's the bomb he's he has a unique
backstory but you know what he's not his
purpose is not to be the main character
his purpose is to be a DC supporting
character because DC only really has two
and a half characters yes and a lot of
supporting players but like he is the
Yoda right and that is his purpose he
works in
Justice League setting he's you know
older than anyone else and wiser and has
seen more and you go you go to him as
Yoda and that's it for the last time I
am NOT green lanten
that's my Martian Manhunter impression
he is he is there he is there to be the
why this old hermit that people go to ok
what happens in your average flash
covered that's a I I have I have no idea
never read what happens in a flash
covered how do you how do you write for
that superpower I have never ever read a
flash comic ever ever every fight is so
much faster than my opponent it was just
weird yeah or my opponents exactly as
fast as me so just like two normal guys
fighting who's that work I don't know
how do you how do you write the flash
versus Captain Boomerang how do you get
one guy and he's got a boomerang and
another guy who can run at the speed of
light Tiberius Kirk says flash doesn't
beat the bad guy then he gets faster
then he's fast enough to beat the bad
guy that's the anyone out there anyone
who's watching who is a flash fan give
me a good flash book to read like give
me something that will change my mind
about the flash give me it like a
storyline you know like one graphic
novel or one trade paperback worth of
stories that I can read about the flash
and I will and I will I will give it a
shot because I'm giving comic books a
shot again
I was like the flesh had owned everybody
he meets in about half a second mm-hmm
how do you make it interesting what is
he is every flash issue and then he
handled the problem handily and another
time it baffles my brain yes rich hates
that spider-man made a deal with the
devil he really does it was just a
dumbest fucking thing I don't care about
the blasphemy that really doesn't bother
me yeah it's just so domed yes
no I yes and that that's true like so
flash is either beating everyone because
he's the fast because he's faster or his
villains are faster yeah it gets old
very quick it gets old very quick
they're saying flash point I know that
was a story that's all I know
that's what they're saying flash point
or the return of Barry Allen that's one
I'm talking about like day to day month
by month how do you keep that interest
but this is what I'm saying I'm saying
like what do you you read a story line
and say oh this is a fun story line and
that gets you into the character enough
where you can deal with a little bit of
repetitiveness because you like the
character maybe ah turtle the wise can
we expect another movie commentary I
know force awakens is around the corner
I'm willing to fund one how much fellows
you pick the movie
keep keep those subscriptions on the red
letter media YouTube page you see what
happens
rich in a movie sitting on my table over
there Oh weird why would a movie being
listener why would a movie be in this
room with all the microphones and
recording
that's weird
rich yeah if you could pick one older
first-person shooter from the 90s or
aughts - what should that should be
updated with today's graphics none of
them quick for doom - way to dark forces
work
rich is a cranky old man don't don't ask
him questions like that
it's a cranky cranky old man they
upgraded dooms graphics look what
happened everyone bitched it's true
everyone bitched they've kind of already
remade quick - because this kind of this
basically would quake 4 is quick - yeah
they're fine they're saying Jedi Knight
I will I would go more than just
graphics with Jedi Knight Jedi Knight
remade with without cast combat engine
mmm would be great but have been more
than just a graphic Apollo I think
that's a word that's a word and you use
it graphic more than just a graphic
overhaul right that case right anonymous
hey Jack I'm a professional video editor
living and working in Silicon Valley I'm
always looking for side projects to keep
myself busy could rlm or prereq use an
extra volunteer editor here's the thing
though Mike and Jays editing style
that's really that's the product ya know
it would work having somebody else do
that it's kind of the thing is their
signature and editing as you know cuz
you're an editor it's something that
like that's the part we really enjoy
like editing is the thing so you know
the short answer is no and the long
answer is no I guess all the answers are
no and I'm certainly not the person to
ask
cuz I don't do any of the editing rich I
like your stone paths I didn't you know
what I I've used all wood paths because
I didn't think I would like the stone
paths but I think they look great
I thought they were very nice they're
very nice to have the stone paths my
little cheese and mayo area here this
special wood yeah yeah it is now 11
o'clock rich this is the last day of
spring so I'm gonna finish this day okay
and then we will discuss we will have
our our epic yeah Batman vs Superman a
spoiler rific discussion try and give
away one more fucking gift and see if
you can get that extra extra mark what
do you got for yes I'm good I know she
likes Ellen I'm gonna go buy salad gonna
go buy sell thanks great mic volume is
so much lower than Jax that is the first
time we have heard that argument that
complain testing testing testing testing
testing testing testing testing testing
hey go it will happen as soon as this
day is over the spoiler rific discussion
starts in a few minutes it's probably
probably have about ten minutes probably
about 10 minutes before super spoiling
time if that I mean I really don't have
anything left to do on the farm I just
want to give what's-her-face a gift lei
is about it Leia it's fine she's my
future wife she doesn't need a name she
just needs to have babies can you have
babies in the game I'm pretty sure you
can yes you can have little babies oh
man oh man oh she's not there rich she's
somewhere you gotta find her I'm gonna
find you you haven't remember oh there
she is
Oh any interesting-looking driftwood
nice it would be special that you gave
it to me it would be special oh this
game is sweet yeah waking a doctor
anymore no way to check your hearts
check carrots yeah no still not there
you got one more gift left this week
though so you can do it yeah you can do
it not today not today
Ritchie likes Leia I've been working on
penny like I like that school marm you
know she's so sad though exactly just
talking to her is depressing you know
and but but you could bring some joy
into her life rich don't you want to do
that I want someone to bring joy to my
goddamn life is that too much to ask but
marriage is a partnership jack not a
one-way street I gotta tell late Leia to
go away because she was just too cute
but here's here's the thing about Leia
you're too lovable I gotta I gotta go
this depressing sack of shit here Leia
is an artist who will never contribute
anything to the household art she's oh
yeah no arts gonna pay the bills lame
fuck cramp at the Art Fair she held did
you know those are whatever hard events
oh yeah no I said up there I haven't
gone to the oh my god they are first
your soul champ Jack oh did you sold
things oh yeah oh yeah he's bringing it
in consult some water dear I am wearing
a fucking schoolmarm
she made it just two kids contributing
to do a society who's gonna take it
tribute to my my wallet god damn it
who's gonna take care of our kids
oh oh oh I'm sorry your your busy trying
to sell your goddamn driftwood oh yeah
did you see on my on winter 25th what
happened in the screen Santa Claus flew
across I didn't 24 the 25th I didn't get
that fun on the winter holidays yeah
whatever day that is Santa flew across
the sky that's a door was adorable
that's adorable okay
this is the end of prereq a tragic ye of
foo argument
what is it way fool I have no idea I
have what is away fool I'm not up on
this weeaboo crap I have no idea what a
way foo is where you see if you can go
to the internet and find a picture to
put in the background I was gonna well
last time we had on Nam oh you said Star
Wars game yeah I was gonna put on
injustice oh okay sure yeah what you
think something out in the background oh
sure sure wife you why'd you say wife
it's your any of the three you went
there because it's your anime wife

[Part III]
update and it's updated okay great it's
for your help that's right Oh Richard
your your hat looks slightly more
gangster huh that's great that's great
okay rich yeah yeah you weren't thinking
no you weren't thinking oh my god
where do you start with Batman vs
Superman
what do you okay so by the way this is
with it all spoiler I know nobody really
cares about the spoilers for the movie
but this is all spoilers super spoilers
for Batman vs Superman rich get your mic
close to your face our cameras flipping
out don't worry about that go ahead I am
I'm perfectly fine what he thought that
this is not my Superman yeah no Superman
said various incarnations over the years
yeah the question is is this a good
version of Superman outside of whether
or not it's ours
yeah it's not Christopher Reeve I get
that yeah it's not John Byrne Superman
but is this a good Superman what makes
what makes a good Superman what do you
need to have it makes it well this is
this is pretty much where I was gonna
start which is what just as a character
yeah from what we see in the film
what is Superman's goal like what's he
all about as a superhero I've heard
something
interesting about Zack Snyder recently
yeah he wants to direct the fountainhead
the Ayn Rand book I think he's an an R
and type person but he makes him the
worst person he's an objective he's an
Objectivist which makes him the worst
person to make a superman movie big
Superman is the embodiment of altruism
right
he gives he's got all this power and he
just he gives it all for the benefit of
the rest of the world what's it what's
all the dialogue with like the Kent's
you don't know anybody anything Clark do
whatever you want done you know you
don't have to save those people on that
bus you gotta look out for yourself is
that can can can Superman with that
mindset work well like it could like it
could if that was it like
but like the the problem with this
thought is like he's not being a hero
but he is being a hero because they have
these long elongated scenes where he
said they tell us those things tell us
that people love him and that you you're
doing things to the world they never
want to show it right
Jack Jack Snyder would rather snip his
own balls off than then show a scene of
Superman saving somebody that wasn't
just there so he could shoehorn in some
kind of Jesus imagery well that's like
that was my biggest thing is while
watching the movie I just kept on
thinking like does Superman want to be a
hero
I don't know really is there anything in
the movie that tells you that Superman
wants to save people's lives no no the
one the one
montage of him saving people like Mike
Mike explain and like a funeral was the
depressing depressing Superman saves
people montage it really was the bird
now saying these people on this boat
while funeral music plays just slowly
like I guess I'll help you off the roof
idiot why did you get stuck up on the
roof during a flood you idiot
do I have to be doing this and so and so
if Superman has no real focus as a hero
which he doesn't there is nothing in the
movie that shows that he actually wants
to help people except for Lois Lane well
that's his own self-interest because he
likes her exactly so she is the only
person who he wants to save then why is
he so caught up in Batman's shit because
they needed him to be right also
actually they didn't really need him to
be because they don't really do much
with it
what although I saw gobbledygook
yeah where are ya please gobbledygook
says Richard Jack please see Batman vs
Superman this weekend first time I saw
it I was appalled the second time
viewing was great it was a horrible
spectacle as month a is what
gobbledygook says well you know we will
we will see it again I don't know if
we'll see it this weekend but we'll see
it again
Superman has no shown purpose in the
movie he does no heroics in the movie
until the one montage yet the people of
Metropolis build a statue to him yes and
here's something that here's something
that I discovered because like I wanted
to rewatch Man of Steel because I was
like good I kept wondering why they
built that statue - yeah it sounds like
maybe you know what maybe in Manistee
like he does all this heroic stuff right
Man of Steel
the first non-military person to see
Superman who is not Lois Lane
the first non-military person who is not
Lois Lane to see Superman was the intern
for The Daily Planet
after he had destroyed the the
spaceships like in costume okay 2 hours
and 15 minutes into the movie is the
first time a non-military person sees
Superman this movie doesn't care about
showing him saving people it has no
interest in that
and there's no interesting Superman
being a hero and it's ugly if you don't
have that what you are left with is a
big blue fascist yeah you have a monster
all this power and he's just a figure to
be feared not respected right not loved
because he hasn't done anything you know
yes or or if he has done something the
movie has not made it clear whether or
not he's a hero they are banking off of
Superman's a hero you guys know he's a
hero how's mayor steel end Man of Steel
ends with with him killing Zod actually
Jack what it ends with Superman taking a
billion-dollar piece of equipment paid
by the taxpayers of the United States of
America the legal government over the
land yes that was spying on an illegal
vigilante with the power to destroy the
world and he just smashes it into the
ground and then he smug about it yep
that's how the Man of Steel ends I was
gonna get there yeah it's gonna get
there they they're trying to figure out
they're trying to keep tabs on Superman
as he is responsible for destroying most
of the city and he breaks their airplane
and says don't fucking watch me if I
help you I help you because I want to
fuck you he basically says I'm gonna do
whatever the fuck I want yes this is not
a good man
they said this well and it's really
upsetting in Man of Steel because they
spend that first hour telling us like
all he wants to do is help people but
he's conflicted because his dad told him
not to but then when he finally gets a
chance to help people he blows up half
the city he cocks it up
people love to bring up when they're
defending the man of steel yeah they
love to bring up the Avengers
well city got destroyed the Avengers
it's a key difference
okay what's the key difference we see
scenes of the adventure of the Avengers
saving people during this crisis going
out of their way to save people who are
in danger yes and trying to mitigate the
damage as much as they can absolutely
they are trying to help we'd never see
anything like that with Superman he just
doesn't give a fuck you
and that's the problem that's exactly
doesn't care we have a Superman who
doesn't care about people we have a hero
who you know like let's let's go back to
your your wonderful mindset of murder
man versus captain collateral damage he
is still supposed to be a hero and he
doesn't care about saving people all he
wants to do is punch oh I guess I'll
save the wood there's a girl and a roof
on fire I guess I'll go save her if I
have to like over the city and then
before he goes to punch stop maybe maybe
he just flies and he shoves like the
debris out of the way of a person that's
on the ground there there was a scene in
which Superman was was defeating the
alien ship and and that in turn was
trapped under some debris and and some
other people like we're trying to get
her out from the debris Perry White and
the other guy from the plane and we're
trying to get out from the debris you
already had that scene where Superman
just could have come and miss are you
okay lift it up get her out boom he's a
hero yeah boom that makes sense yeah
instead what happens is you know ships
blow up everything blows up
Superman lands on the earth and even
though this intern who has never seen
Superman before sees him land on the
earth and go and and she says he just
saved us this is what she says at the
end of Man of Steel she's never seen
Superman before she just knows that
aliens are attacking the city she sees
an alien man and and she goes he saved
us how the fuck do you know she saved
anyone she doesn't know our Superman our
Superman would save people yeah of
course this Superman doesn't and he's
not our Superman hmm is that does it
still make him a good character well I'm
gonna say no well that's what I'm saying
just scary
he's just scary he's captain damage
right yeah so this is captain damage
who's who's moody helps when he can but
the movie still doesn't show him helping
that many people and when it does show
him helping it
it's these like elongated slow-motion
shots that makes you kind of feel weird
about him helping
what if it weren't Superman but over
something like like Hancock or
super-powered person who didn't care
would that be would that be an
interesting character if it wasn't
Superman
that well that's that's captain damage
right
that's captain damage yeah right which
is fine but they still keep shoving this
idea of him wanting to be a hero yes in
our faces
yes which doesn't match with his actions
in the movie they tell us he's a hero
they show us him being a dick so even if
it's captain damage it's still an
inconsistent character yeah that's all
that matters now now when we're talking
about Superman we're talking about Man
of Steel even though we're supposed to
be talking about Batman vs Superman
because we have to because Superman
doesn't do anything in Batman vs
Superman he almost literally doesn't do
anything in the entirety of the two and
a half hours that the movie runs yeah so
we have to talk about Man of Steel
that's all we know about his character
well and it's it's the same movie right
man it feels the the first movie and
this is the the sequel unofficially or
whatever officially are in the same
universe right Man of Steel tells us he
wants to be a hero it doesn't really
show him doing much heroics beyond like
little stuff here and there once he puts
on the cape but and really it doesn't
matter because then we get huge
character inconsistencies with him
killing all of the Kryptonians and then
being mad about killing the one
Kryptonian but that's fine everything's
fine and then and then when the script
rise to did sell him as a hero though
that just annoys me it should build the
monument The Daily Planet has a love
affair with Superman the city has a love
affair with Superman you know they
shouldn't but it's like you could have
showed him doing something like or just
everybody hates him okay as they should
but sure well I guess that's that's the
thing you have to choose and if your
Superman is gonna be a dick and that's
the story you want to write
like is he you know he's helping but
he's causing damage is he a hero then
right that story
they're trying to have their cake and
eat it too and it doesn't and that's
what really doesn't work and they try to
do that with everybody with Lex Luthor
you want it you want that's a whole
other the fucking can of shit that's a
whole other can of shit well I you know
well I guess we'll stick to the hero so
so Superman I'm trying to remember the
first time we saw him in the movie is
when he saves Lois Lane yeah so you know
Lois Lane isn't true that scene you know
the photographer yeah well you go ahead
explain I know that was yes I do
that was Jimmy Olsen that's officially
Jimmy Olsen so so the this the movie
opens up with Lois Lane and a
photographer going to interview a
terrorist and as it turns out the
photographer is working for the CIA
and the whole thing gets mucked up and
people die and that photographer who is
officially Jimmy Olsen gets shot in the
fuckin head in cold blood no remorse
this is how the movie starts it startled
me because I fully expected big blue to
just go put his hand out and catch the
bullet nope I expected him to do
something heroic yep
like maybe they learned their lesson
maybe he's gonna be a hero yep nope no
fucking that he does eventually show up
to save Lois Lane just to save Lois Lane
but should be noted that this is done
selfishly because he loves Lois Lane
because he gets to have sex with Lois I
guess he could have sex with Jimmy Olsen
to be back with our objectivism yes he's
looking out for his own self-interest
ultimately mmm this movie makes me a
drink
so he's so he saves Lois Lane has total
has all the sex with Lois Lane we get it
we got a super sexy bath sex scene well
it's been noted he saves Lois Lane by
shoving a normal human being through
three brick walls yes who is certainly
dead no question
then he is a dead absolutely no it
should be noted that this whole
terrorist thing with the shootings and
getting Superman to come there to punch
a man yeah well it's always a setup
right let's let's let's talk about how
this is a setup planned by Lex Luthor
part of his Rube Goldberg plan to do
something so Lex Luthor knows that
Superman has a thing with Lois Lane also
knows that Superman is Clark Kent also
knows that Batman is Bruce Wayne yes but
what was what was Lex Palpatine what was
his plot with the terrorists sent him
what was he trying to accomplish what
was he trying to account he was trying
to make this makes no sense he was
trying to make Superman look bad like a
murderer like he's doing whatever he
wants he went there and he killed all
these people this doesn't work we sure
this doesn't work for reasons first
reason the first time anybody ever sees
Superman he destroyed Metropolis right
so the public should already be hate and
distrust him and I guess the second
reason this doesn't work is because
there's people all got killed by bullets
Superman would not be killed would that
kill people with bullets kind of the one
guy he punched through three brick walls
he did murder him right and what a nerd
reason it wouldn't work to smear his
opinion in the US public is he murdered
terrorists and his opinion would only go
up in the books right there Fox News
once I got ahold of this story oh my god
I would be trumpeting the joys of
Superman to the world right right so
this plan to frame Superman for the
machine gun murder of a band of
terrorism is ridiculous Superman decides
to ditch his super strength and speed
and laser eyes in lieu of using the
machine gun to kill people America would
love him for that because you know why
cuz he used a gun like an American
wedding Superman for president
shit dog shit so then we meet Lex Luthor
and Lex Luthor I kind of like the way
Jesse Eisenberg played him cuz he's not
our kind of work I mean originally super
Lex Luthor mad scientist mad scientist
prototype then he was evil businessman
yeah and now he's Mark Zuckerberg yeah
it was fine and that works because
that's like the modern businessman
eccentric billionaire right and we don't
really know what Lex Corp does I'm not
super worried about that big business I
had something signed something Lex is
trying to get the government support to
to get into Zod spaceship the
specifically he's trying to get the
government support to build an anti
Superman weapon right there is no reason
the government should have turned him
down well well Holly Hunter yes says I
don't think this is a good idea she
heads up the committee that blames
Superman for the terrorist attack with
bullets and she blames Superman for the
terrorist attack with bullets that makes
no sense but then says we probably
shouldn't do anything to stop him this
man who destroyed metropolis 18 months
prior mmm-hmm we don't need any kind of
countermeasures that's assassination the
US government would never kill people
but but you know it's all good because
he saves that one Mexican girl from the
fire this is this is what the movie
tells us right this is what the movie
tells us I was having so Lex so many
elaborate plans I was having a Twitter
conversation with someone and we came up
with a really good theory about so like
so at the end of the day Lex's plan is
to pit Batman against Superman to take
care of Superman and possibly take care
of Batman who knows right how dumb is
that well how
idiotic is that but this is his real
plan his real plan in the movie is to
pit Batman against Superman so they
fight and one destroys each other
hopefully Superman we're gonna we're
gonna we're gonna defeat Superman the
man who can destroy worlds by pitting
him against an unhinged vigilante well
you know what because you throw whatever
you can't add them and then like if that
doesn't work or maybe just for some
other reasons I'll also build a giant
monster well we're not even there yet
Congress I couldn't talk about Congress
are we even there yet like I think now
we're on Batman I know let's figure
blacks out there's nothing to figure out
let's explore Lex and how he doesn't
work at all
sure so SELEX wants the government to
let him build a Superman weapon mm-hmm
and that's where he takes a Jolly
Rancher and places it in another
grown-ups mouth yeah was weird and
quirky whatever the other grown-up is
okay with that even though he's a
congressman right
whatever whatever that's we it was we it
was very distracting it was very
distracting he doesn't respect authority
I think that's what they're saying
that's fine I'm fine with that
but he sets up the crippled man who from
beginning the film who had like a beam
fall on his legs when Superman blew up
metropolis
the whole reason Bruce is pissed at
Superman is because Superman broke
Bruce's building and killed a bunch of
Wayne Corp people he'd new employees and
it crippled this employee of his that
was set up really well that is the one
motivated character yes movie who had
good motivations yes this should have
been a Batman I mean I got imagine
there's a ton of shit on the cutting
room floor from Superman well once we
get the three-hour r-rated cut on DVD
which is a thing that's happening yeah
it's probably gonna make a little more
sense no Batman
and it's like you want it you want the
whole movie to be about this about like
Superman answering for his crimes mm-hmm
listen they have been great you saved
the planet you also murdered like
thousands of people saved millions
murdered thousands what can we do about
this wouldn't that have been great like
wouldn't and you know we get to this
point so like so the this this guy who
gets crippled in in the metropolis
accident in the metropolis situation
yeah take Superman to court and says you
need to answer for your crimes right
there's a Superman hearing there's a
Superman hearing and this guy wants
answers right and but he's a plant from
Lex Luthor and we get to the scene in
which Superman decides that he is going
to speak his mind and say hey I'm gonna
answer for my crimes really interesting
to hear what he had to say that would
have been great but instead of that the
whole thing blows up and then it's never
mentioned again the wheelchair that
because Lex Luthor's been setting up the
crippled guy to be a patsy yeah for the
last 18 months because 18 months ago he
knew that he was a gonna get Batman to
try and kill Superman even though they
didn't know about Kryptonite yet and
even though Batman's just an early human
being who blew up a city and some UFOs
yeah so he's gonna take this crippled
man and he's gonna steal the checks that
Bruce Wayne is sending him and then he's
gonna write in crayon on the checks and
he's gonna hold those cheques back until
18 months later when he's gonna send
those checks to Bruce Wayne after giving
the wheelchair man a new wheelchair that
blows up and then the wheelchair in
Congress what Superman is gonna blow up
Congress right and then people are gonna
hate Superman because they think
Superman blows up Congress even though
they immediately figure out that a
wheelchair and it wasn't Superman and
blowing up Congress did nothing to
further Luthor's goals of framing
Superman or doing basically doing
anything basically just murdered
Congress for no reason well you know he
didn't like that one cut he didn't like
Holly Hunter Holly Hunter was getting in
his way so I guess like she's dead
that's great but but that that was the
most frustrating part of the movie and
like a very similar turn
happens in Man of Steel we're like I
said that that like first hour of Man of
Steel slowly delves into the character
of Clark Kent and then the rest of the
movie just says fuck it I guess we're
fighting so here we have a situation
that is actually and like asking
questions about heroes
what are they accountable for
superheroes like oh sure they help
people but yeah they break buildings
let's like let's Superman defend himself
here instead the whole there's an
explosion and then like you said
afterwards people like ah there was this
crazy bomber Superman couldn't do
anything I guess is alright all but I
still hate Superman but I hated him
before anyway it accomplishes nothing to
answer the questions that the movie
wants to raise here's a here's an anal
question okay I'm gonna get a little
have the Kryptonite at this point didn't
actually have possession of it at this
point in the movie no no I think that
scene happened after it's hard to keep
it it's hard to keep it all this
everyone went on vacation after Congress
blew up was that when he went in'
climbing I think he went mountain
climbing and I think that was when
Luthor had the Kryptonite because
Superman came down to stop Superman from
stealing the super members still around
he wouldn't been there if he were on
vacation at that time he would have he
wouldn't stop Batman from not getting
the Kryptonite in the scene that had no
purpose but Batman failing still
kryptonite that he stole two scenes
later off-camera
will get there but I think I think I
think Luthor had the Kryptonite at that
point why not just make a kryptonite
bomb with kryptonite shrapnel you know
where Superman's gonna be and you got a
wheelchair bomb and you and you already
know that the Kryptonite hurts
Kryptonians right there really really do
that I guess I guess like you had the
power to kill Superman already yep
you might be absolutely right like and I
saw the movie a little drunk and very
late I want I want that to be clear I
want that to be very very clear but you
might be absolutely correct that Lex
already had the Kryptonite in his
warehouse okay so where are we in the
movie now like it's the Congress blew up
so Congress blew up and and the plan
Lexa's big plan for blowing up Congress
was once again to try to frame Superman
to get more people angry at him but the
public is still like the people who
liked him before still liked him and the
people who didn't like him still don't
like him
the only person it really angers is
Batman Batman is now pissed at Superman
1 because Superman broke his car two
because Superman blew up Congress right
yep so Batman starts a training montage
a la rocky 4 when he's in Russia and and
hitting a tire he could probably afford
some really nice work on equipment you
know it's more hardcore if you do yeah
that makes your muscles bigger I think
it's important to know that Bruce Wayne
does CrossFit yeah yeah yeah that's
that's important do CrossFit Bruce Wayne
would and tell all of his friends about
it
dude fucking the other day I was doing
pull-ups to my palms blood it was
awesome dude yeah woman I do wanna get a
quick session get a quick CrossFit yagan
left buildings you look you left that
tire I was that is so great that you do
CrossFit do you want to oh you can hit
the tire with the hammer that's funny I
can rip a man in half that's my girl gal
gadot now Superman Superman what is he
doing in this movie what is he doing
that's the big question rich he really
really cares about Batman
he's very anti Batman he's very anti bad
you know because the the Batman yeah is
a vigilante yes who takes you know the
law into his own hands fuck that man and
he kills people
absolutely fuck that guy and this
Superman has a moral problem with that
because Superman doesn't kill people
always Superman isn't a loose cannon
vigilante who doesn't respect the law
and kill people yeah I'll wait woopsy
dupes also he's just a complete
hypocrite yeah there's no reason to hate
Batman or what he's doing okay so let's
let's let's even go a little bit further
when we're on the roof of LexCorp which
is in Metropolis later in the movie
we're on the roof of Lex Corp does he
play wait wait mister glitch does he
play by his own rules yes at the end of
matter steel he throws the
billion-dollar satellite on the ground
and sells the US government fuck you I'm
gonna do what I want oh yes by the way
there is a there is I'm not joking
when I say there is a training montage
in this movie rich corroborate there is
a CrossFit training montage in which we
get to see a very good-looking Ben
Affleck doing some awesome stuff so but
okay but here's what okay so Superman is
a huge hypocrite right Oh huge hypocrite
comically huge and he doesn't like to
bring this problem is the script doesn't
think he is the script is still trying
to pretend that this is the Christopher
Reeve Superman right which is work if
literally falls apart because that is
not what we see at all no we never see
him being like true good or whatnot but
okay but let's say let's say fine he
hates the Batman he doesn't want the
Batman doing his bad Batman things right
huh at this point in the movie like what
I mean even before Batman tries to steal
the Kryptonite Clark Kent already knows
that Bruce Wayne is Batman
because at Lex's party he heard him
talking to Alfred
I honestly think he's supposed to be too
stupid to put that together
I honestly believe he's supposed to be
that dumb okay but then he he rips apart
the Batmobile yes after Batman is
messing up metropolis and rather than
put him into jail he gives him a warning
but he here is the real thing
Gotham City is across the bay from
metropolis right uh-huh
so assuming the movies logic is correct
which is not and Superman just doesn't
like Batman at any point during this
movie Superman could have flown over to
Gotham and just waited for Batman to
show because he has super hearing and
super sight right he could have dealt
with this Batman shit during any time in
the past eight years since the Man of
Steel happened yes yes and we see Gotham
from metropolis yes
Superman has super he didn't have a save
his office in the Daily Planet yeah and
then he catches Batman was trying to
steal the Kryptonite he has x-ray vision
okay he's Bruce Wayne now you can have
this conversation with Bruce Wayne at
any time you want cuz Bruce Wayne it's a
famous person you know exactly where he
is at all times right so what was the
scene where Batman uses his detective
skills to figure out that Clark Kent is
Superman and where is the scene where
where Superman uses his powers to figure
out who Batman is where is that why
isn't that in the movie cuz that would
have been fun and no fun is allowed yes
does Batman figure out who he is I know
well he has to know by the end because
he's there at the funeral and at the
Kent household but it's not clear that
he knows before actually I don't think
he does know before that because Batman
call her Superman calls Batman Bruce
when they go on the rooftop for the
final flight okay but you know he can
see through it's not clear when Batman
figures it out but I assume just because
he's not the Clint the Kent farm house
at the end that he
at the end cuz Lois Lane Pratley told
him over Superman's a corpse probably I
guess yeah and like that's by the way in
in all other iterations of Batman
meeting Superman which I guess means
Lois Lane also knows that Batman is
Bruce Wayne because Bruce Wayne shows up
the Kent household for Superman's
funeral so now this newspaper reporter
who was who the violet bat vigilante is
tried to kill her boyfriend she already
knows like they patched it up they're
friends now and like okay well she knew
one secret she's probably good with all
the other secrets that's fine right hey
this is our spoilers discussion you
didn't know that sorry why are you here
we're taught we're talking Batman vs
Superman
I thought I put that in the title I
might not have I guess like this is the
you know obviously like movies and
sometimes need these like tiny little
nitpicky logic flaws in order for the
movie to yeah yeah the problem is when
they start stacking up yes that's a sign
of a sloppy script it's a sign of sight
well and you know like oh there's one
little nitpicky thing okay you know yeah
your mind can let that pass and the
escapist fantasy is still there when
they're all over the place though it's a
sign of somebody didn't give a fuck yes
and it's horribly written script yes
sign yes did we talk about Lex Luthor is
a complete lack of motivation for
wanting well we haven't even got that
okay well we're gonna get there though
of course it's important no like we're
still discussing Superman's lack of
motivation that well and like this is
the real thing is is you can pick just
about any other superhero movie and you
understand what the character is
fighting for and have like like Captain
America yeah
you saw the Captain America movie right
what Steve Rogers thing he's fights from
mom and apple pie is good old-fashioned
boy he believes in his his job as a
soldier fighting for the American
government and and you can you think of
like a specific scene maybe early on
that kind of showed all you needed to
know about him
as a character isn't it the garbage cans
and then reaction yeah trying to trying
to stop some bullies boom-boom that's
all you need even though he's laying at
that point Steve Rogers described trying
to stop bullying makes them that much
more courageous boom everything you need
to know visually as much as I've had
problems with the First Avenger Captain
America First Avenger I love the first
like half that movie I love everything
up until it turns into Captain America
and sergeant Fury's Howling Commandos -
sergeant theory Captain America and the
laser pistols this is this is all this
is all I'm thinking about here is like
other movies who have done it well and I
kept trying to think about like Iron Man
was change of heart yeah after seeing
the you know what his weapons are doing
and his weapons are getting into the
wrong hand it's he's it first hand
yep oh my we see it on our Iron Man 3
right which obviously I think is a
perfect great promise but you know like
literally the whole movie is about like
is it the man or is it the suit and and
by the way like that's not just like the
suit is it the hero like yeah is it the
power or is it the man oh it's the man
the man makes it that I thought that
whole movie is about that right I've
been trying to think of other DC
examples who have gotten it right or at
least other non Marvel Cinematic
Universe movies that have gotten it
right motivation motivation is just like
can you name a scene in a DC movie where
we know exactly what the characters
about I haven't seen many of the recent
ones did you want to talk about my
daughter Superman or something like that
well I was trying to think of like even
like I haven't seen this old Superman
movies it's so damn long right even like
Burton Batman a damn but so all we can
point to in modern movies is the Marvel
movies because that's all the
competition there is and they keep
nailing these basic characteristics late
what mark what Marvel does so well as
they understand their characters they
really
understand their curves what makes them
tick but beyond that the filmmakers show
what makes that our characters tank may
it's possible that Zack Snyder
understand exactly what's going on in
Superman's head he just doesn't show us
you you you have to if if he's going to
be the hero who's questioning his own
methods you need to fucking show that ID
so they do that one with Batman in
Batman vs Superman okay they do a great
job early on of us establishing his
motivations to go after Superman hmm I
have one minor minor it's a great great
Ben Affleck yeah terrific wonderful
Batman terrific wonderful bad but they
set up his motivation to kill Superman
I'm gonna I have to kill Superman
because he's too dangerous wouldn't that
have been more powerful if this was a
Batman who didn't ordinarily murder
people if this were like that step he
was willing to take because this case is
so extreme I'm willing to cross that
line and then and then if that were the
case if this were a Batman who normally
didn't kill people would have to because
Superman is such a danger wouldn't that
make them Martha moment work yes all
right where were you why weren't you in
that writers room and I have nobody I
don't even have a huge problem with
murderers Batman you go back to the Tim
Burton yeah Michael Keaton his Batman
killed dozens of people
absolutely he blew up everybody I think
I talked about this last stream but even
love everybody in the ACE chemical
factory all of Joker's henchmen were in
there a ton of them
he shoots guns and missiles at Joker's
parade float he targets the Joker with
his machine guns in the batplane yep he
throws a guy off the clock tower and
then he murders the Joker at the end but
ultimate
makes a really good point here
motivation to go after Superman but no
explanation as to why he's so willing to
casually kill criminals and brand them
which is also a death sentence in prison
for some reason that's true we have no
reason why he has no reason why he's so
unhinged to his regular criminals except
for the fact that he's just so wound up
over that Superman character Zack Snyder
wonder if I look bad yeah that's really
it that's really and and doesn't care
how or why he shows the violent Batman
you get you can make an argument that
you see the Robins costume with the
Joker's graffiti on it that Robyn's
murder maybe pushed him over the edge
sure be nice there a movie before this
that showed that that would be great a
little more set up Batman for this film
yeah yeah yeah and then that film ended
with with him driving to Metropolis the
Batman movie that with him driving to
Metropolis and seeing all the atrocities
and then this movie happens that would
have been great yeah I'm having a good
post-credit thing him him being in
Metropolis when when building started
blowing up man they just go right into
the Justice League movie so like this is
the real thing when it when people talk
about like the Marvel bias we can't help
it that they make better movies I'm I'm
gonna say this even as a comics fan for
the most part I like the Marvel
characters more yeah I do I think
they're more interesting characters from
the most part but like Green Arrow lame
Batman Green Arrow is lame Batman yep
flashes I don't even understand how the
fuck they make that word but you're
gonna run real fast rich but my issues
with a lot of the other DC character
side I fucking love Batman and I like
Superman a lot too of course yeah
this is Batman vs Superman this is not a
factor I should I should love this movie
where it's like even if you look at the
lesser Marvel Cinematic Universe movies
like for you give a fuck about Thor no I
don't give a fuck about Thor nobody give
a fuck about Iron Man until Robert
Downey jr. played I'm sure I didn't give
a fuck about Iron Man before Robert
Downey jr. played
absolutely not but like like even Thor
still to this date I don't give a fuck
about Thor yeah but I understand
everything he's doing in his movie you
know Wyatt why why is Thor sent out of
Asgard I get that what he's doing to
like grow as a character I get that
because they show it it's a cheap movie
it's a simple movie it's not my favorite
it's you know I like it's okay it's a
fine movie but like I understand what is
happening in Thor and Thor is a movie
with a rainbow magic portal and a hammer
that can fly and I get that but for some
reason they can't get like just a guy
who's really strong
he's the arrogant bastard needs to learn
humility that's a character boom boom
you nailed it right Batman's the
murderers vigilante who's struggling
over whether or not he should murder or
Superboy doesn't really struggle over
that he's sure about that until the end
but somebody says Martha wait a minute
do you know my mom I gotta say like the
new Batman force he had a little voice
modulator yeah it's fun but I'm still
gonna mock the nolan burg of course just
starts barking at superman you probably
could replace his entire dialogue with
angry dogs barking and it would still
make sense let's go back to Lex Luthor
yeah yeah please why does he hate
Superman why does Lex Luthor hate
Superman we could assume that Mike Bruce
Wayne even though they showed up with
Bruce Wayne Ranney the destruction of
Metropolis he saw that was like yeah
this man's gotta be stopped but then
again he's also murdering other people
and blowing up Congress to accomplish
this goal it's gotta be more than that
and he's and and he's creating
Muenster why is he creating a monster I
don't know well he's gotta kill Superman
even though is that why he's creating my
plan was apparently to get Batman to
kill Superman right so he's gonna have a
monster just in case Batman fails to
kill Superman then the monster can do it
but I guess I guess if Batman does
successfully kill Superman which is his
initial plan then what do you do with
the rampaging monster you just created
that has nothing to counter it mr.
Beebe's says Lex Luthor hates Superman
because he is all good and all-powerful
which Lex can't stand where do you get
that mr. Beebe's
where do you get that where where does
he say that what in the movie informs
this that's that's the real question
because Luthor is convinced that he's
the angel he talked about the demons
coming from above not lo he doesn't see
himself as being all bad he certainly
doesn't see Superman as being all good
sure oh so you're saying that is a line
of dialogue in the movie but he's also
okay with exploding people he blows up
Congress in an act that accomplishes
nothing I don't understand he says it I
thought Lex just wants to get more of
those lucrative government contracts he
doesn't have government contracts
don't you understand lex luthor turn the
painting upside down ridiculous god
imagery here here is the theory that we
came up with on twitter okay the theory
that makes absolute sense if you insert
this logic into Lex Luthor's character
everything he does makes perfect sense
okay Lex one of Lex Luthor's businesses
gets the government contracts to rebuild
metropolis
then everything he does makes perfect
sense then don't you want to keep
Superman around the next time he decided
to destroy metropolis exactly that's why
he half-assedly sent people to kill
Superman and that's why he created a
monster to rampage through the city
because so he wasn't really trying to
kill Superman he was just trying to piss
him off he was just trying to make a
giant fight happen in the city to
destroy more of the city to get more
government country think about it it
makes perfect sense it makes perfect
sense
okay Lex's hatred comes from the fact
that Superman wasn't there to save him
from all the abuse from his father
establish that better it's what I got
from watching the scene with Lex and
soup on the roof you think that's enough
to make somebody murder a bunch of
people and to create a city destroying
monster yeah
no raise any man and everybody else who
didn't rescue him right Mike said that
his religious dad beat the shit out of
him okay that's why he hates the God and
Superman is a God in his eyes that's
this god shit really really makes these
movies worse it really does
you know big great ideas make Superman
less relatable how do we make Superman
less relatable yeah put him further out
of our reach well and maybe and maybe
that's the thing like you know Lex
Luthor had these high I you know God
caused my dad to beat me and now a God
has come and that's why I'm really mad
at him that is not a simple concept
maybe maybe it's just just maybe this is
just because I'm an atheist but sure
that is the dumbest thing I've ever
heard one
yes - that's big and that's really weak
it's a big concept and it's a really
weak concept because you have to connect
those dots right my dad beat me is one
dot okay so you're like I'm gonna I'm
abused right yeah my dad was really
religious that's another dot my dad beat
me because he was religious is another
dot Superman is a religious figure now
so is the Pope where's mercy Lex
Luthor's plan to kill the Pope you're oh
no you're confusing the issues Superman
is a religious figure now Superman is a
God Superman caused my dad to beat me
these are all the dots that you need to
collect when you have a goofy villain
because he's playing it goofy he's
playing a goofy and whimsical he's
giving senators jars of urine these are
a lot of dots to connect that's very
weak chant I hate the Cubs so many dots
it's like poetry well this is the thing
where it's like if you want that like if
that's your connection maybe you have to
connect those dots you should show those
dots being connected
besides long rambling expository
dialogue done by someone who's a crazy
person who talks very fast that doesn't
do a job of connecting those dots if
that is what they're going for maybe it
was so let's assume that's what they're
going for maybe maybe he's a bad
filmmaker the Zack Snyder and maybe he's
not able to connect those dots using
audio and visuals this is all I'm saying
Jarvey there's a jar of urine a jar of
urine plays a prominent role in this
movie too - boring age cases if rich
hates the Cubs
why isn't he tried to blow up Congress
that's um that's um Batman vs Superman
logic right there yeah right
granny's peach t urine thing right do
you remember you remember the jar of
urine that plays a vital role in the
movie we're all supposed to remember
that jar of urine and John Burns comics
Luther was basically Alexander the Great
he hates Superman because he is jealous
of him he also kind of loves him because
he gives him the ultimate challenge
something worth is great efforts that's
great for the comic book version of
these characters none of this is
established to the film you know I
actually really like that idea the idea
of like like being upset with Superman
because like he's greater than anything
you could ever achieve that would make
sense yeah and that's a really simple
concept that you can understand
immediately Superman's stronger than me
Superman's Superman's a hero people love
Superman and he doesn't have to try it
all and I had to work really hard to get
my fort boom but Jack what Jesus oh god
oh god oh god and I see you chat I see
you saying these are things he literally
said while on a rooftop while on the
rooftop but remember that rooftop scene
was two hours into the movie when Lex
had already done a bunch of batshit
insane crazy things these are things we
should understand about the villain
right away I I didn't even get the
mafroom watching the rooftop scene right
it still felt like a poor motivation of
course you know what to do the extreme
things he's doing you need clear
understandable motivation for what the
villain is doing well you you don't
think like a throwaway line would would
work like just probably not probably not
probably not I'm not pretty that like
mix in law the other lofty nonsense
dialog no I would just get lost in the
shuffle of all the nonsense crap and you
don't
it's okay to have that just like at the
end of the movie like after he's done
all the weird shit we can just put that
in at the end it'll be fine it'll be
fine rich why did he make a monster
because the monster will destroy the
city and he has government contracts
putting aside your farm theory which is
great that's it's funny that's wrong why
did you make a monster why did he make a
monster cuz his plot was the Batman
thing I thought what Batman failed
things getting through this monster
thing cuz he can certainly control the
monster after the monster killed
Superman probably not that could be very
hard to do I don't understand the
monster maybe that's why he wanted the
Kryptonite to control the monster and he
was upset that Batman stole the
Kryptonite so he made the monster anyway
you should just made that kryptonite
bomb that would have been really smart
yeah yeah I see you chat that's the
scene that ties it all together I will
argue that in movies like this it is
important that we understand the
protagonists and the antagonists
motivation right from the beginning if
if it were done well there wouldn't be a
ton of people who saw the movie and
we're asking what the hell Lex Luthor's
motivation was what if it were done well
if that were intended there would not be
a ton of people who saw the movie and
did not understand what Lex Luthor's
motivation was right and I don't think
we were the only people on earth who saw
that Luthor had no motivation after
seeing the movie yeah I agree but like I
said even even more than that I want it
I want it kind of right up there in the
beginning as soon as we know who the bad
guy is we should understand why he's the
bad guy if that was the thing they
attempted it failed sure sure
try to think I'm trying to think of
examples here
Lex did not plan on having Batman kill
Superman he wanted Superman to bow to
him the monster was lexis plan to kill
Superman then what the fuck was Lex
Luthor doing with Bruce Wayne for 18
months of setup because remember that
Lex Luthor was taunting Batman and he
says this in the movie he was provoking
Batman to fight Superman and at one
point he says I think I finally pushed
him over the edge and they're gonna
fight and then he sent Superman to fight
Batman that was part of his plan so what
was what was Lex Palpatine attempting to
do they want a vote of no-confidence
from Congress and that's why he blew
Congress up a vote of no-confidence
because if you blows him up he'll get
the vote of no-confidence and then he'll
be keep voting him more and more power
because then and then he could build his
doomsday clone army but then the trade
sanctions on Naboo would hold and Naboo
would be lost because then the Queen
wouldn't be able to be queen any more
and they would have the trade saying and
then Superman would never be as
apprentice but if what he really wanted
was Batman to be his apprentice but
Superman will have to do because
Superman was Batman's apprentice at the
time so they needed to get rid of the
Batman so Superman would be his
apprentice okay okay now it all makes
sense now it all makes sense
Oh we'll get to Wonder Woman
don't you worry Chet there's a whole
other part to this movie we get the gist
doomsday doomsday how fucking dumb is
doomsday as a character in general is a
character in general fucking dumb but if
you are going to do doomsday sure how
dumb is it to introduce him in the last
10 minutes with no establishment or
build-up and then he just gets beat up
because you know that usually makes
something really threatening is not
knowing exactly how strong or
threatening there
or worse for better or worse doomsday is
one of the iconic super mandolins
correct because of the publicity around
the death because he was the one that
killed super Monsieur then you need to
build him up as a threat to have that
mindless monster work as a threat you
need to show him being powerful yes and
being damaging I remember in the comic
books it was a slow build-up he starts
he actually has his arm tied behind his
back when he first crawls out of the
thing he landed it okay so he's
one-handed he destroys a small town and
then the Justice League the whole
Justice League - Superman comes to stop
doomsday and he beats the shit out of
them with one hand okay and you
establish a powerful threatening villain
sure and then you show him walking
towards Metropolis oh my god this is
horrible and then the hero shows up to
fight this unstoppable threat or you can
just have him pop out of a can and then
everyone beats them up how how long do
you think that the the the entire action
sequence with doomsday lasted ten
minutes ten minutes maybe how much
screen time including that ten minutes
of action do we see doomsday 11 minutes
maybe maybe this is some basic shit here
is we need to know how bad the villain
is the first time we see Darth Vader
what's happening in the movie all the
rebels are fucking done right Darth
Vader comes in everybody's bowing to him
everybody's scared of them except for
Leia who's the hero but like everyone
else is like yeah fuck I surrender fuck
fuck
dr. fate Yeah right big black suit like
he picked somebody up with one hand he
chokes them fuck dude done right
doomsday pop
side of the building Roy jumps up like
King Kong is spinning around and then
they start fighting immediately and then
it's over ten minutes boom I'm not
saying I listen I'm not saying I would
do a better job making the movie I'm
trying to give examples of how it's done
well you know by the way I agree chaos
Zack Snyder is terrible but this was
maybe a case of WB having too many cooks
in the kitchen absolutely but this is
part of what makes Zack Snyder terrible
is he's working with the system that's
why he gets to make the movies he gets
to make the movies because he listens to
the people who make bad decisions and
that's why he gets to keep working oh
sure yeah we didn't get a monster in
there that's not Lex Luthor you want him
Wonder Woman show flash Aquaman ever all
of them will make all that happen in
this I'll find like a good director
knows how to both work the system and
make a cohesive narrative out of that
and if he was a stronger director he
would have been able to wrangle in WB a
little bit to make a good movie but he's
working within the system and that's
what makes him a bad director doomsday
pops up yeah doomsday pops up Wow he's
just a raging monster we don't know how
strong he is there's just a fight in the
heroes vanquish him doomsday was
relegated though the climax then in the
entire climax of the movie like in any
other film that would have been like the
midway action point oh we haven't had
any action or a while I fight a monster
yep yep the climax of the film and any
other movie would have just been a
throwaway and villain in the middle of
the film somewhere just to keep things
moving of course I really thought that's
what was going to happen yeah Lex was
gonna be the real threat I thought that
doomsday was gonna pop up and then like
oh then we have to work together the
nine powered suit was gonna come on out
I was expecting a kryptonite power
suit like classic Lex Luthor but maybe
Batman would have something to do when
that fire like I can disable the suit
Superman can't get too close but I can
do this I can do this and shield the
Kryptonite so Superman we work together
right and like or hate Wonder Woman I
know most people like she didn't have
any place in the end of this movie
should have been there
the movie was Batman vs Superman the
problem should have been resolved by
Batman and Superman not Batman and
Superman all fuckin there's Wonder Woman
here like her hate her love her hate her
yeah or mostly just love she shouldn't
have been there but for rich Doomsday's
dual bladed lightsaber was super cool
nice right oh god
Batman I can't do anything
Batman's main move during the doomsday
fight and this is shown over and over
again is running away all Batman is
doing during that doomsday fight is
dodging doomsday he does nothing no I
know nothing like I wanna I want to end
on the giant disappointment that is the
the Batman vs. Superman fight yeah but
before that we should probably talk
about the random shit that they decided
to throw in this movie the the Wonder
Woman flash Aquaman
well there's the dream sequence that
does nothing oh my god rich there's a
dream sequence there I know exactly what
happens in the Justice League movie but
it's not a dream sequence it's not a
dream sequence because there are things
in that dream that Bruce Wayne should
have absolutely no knowledge of the
flying monsters the Kryptonian flying
monsters no no he's psychic now
that's not sight of the flash thing
which arguably happened even though he
wakes up after it right in the middle of
his psychic dream future flash comes in
and says you have to protect Lois she's
the key to all of this it rhymes oh wait
I came here too fast right mm-hmm and
then he wakes up again it's dumb it was
just an excuse to fill inaction quota
because you get an action sequence it
should've been the Doomsday fight should
have been the Doomsday fire rich um ya
know that dream sequence made no sense
I mean no sense in the movie apocalypse
Darkseid but yeah sure sure but
apparently Darkseid Superman now and
Superman's gonna come back it's gonna be
evil
he's gonna come to Superman's gonna come
back evil so they're gonna have an
excuse for Superman to destroy more shit
without caring about human life for half
the Justice League movie but actually
have it makes sense but have it actually
makes sense
no no Superman's destroying the city not
because he's evil yeah yeah oh don't you
hate Superman what a great way to kick
off your DC Cinematic Universe for the
Jackass Superman who murders everyone
the kids are gonna love this don't you
wanna don't you want to fly and destroy
cities to kids that's a hoax for could
you tired I'm so tired and sad we are
talking I'm sorry I know you're tipping
my god I know you're tipping I keep
seeing your tips but we're talking
where are we I know
tired and said did either of you see the
deleted scene online of Lex Luthor
summoning Steppenwolf
no no also why did WDB turn Luthor into
a low-key type working for a space devil
because because Mark Zuckerberg is how
we see evil businessman in this day and
age like the way he played it is fine if
he just had some better material to work
out who was worse
who has worse planning skills when it
comes to building multiple trilogies
George Lucas or whoever the fuck is in
charge at Warner Brothers no you know
what I think I was gonna say one Rose
cuz at least George Lucas made all three
movies exactly how he wanted to I have a
feeling that WB is gonna stumble a bit
in terms of clumsily shoehorning
multiple franchises is this film more
comparable to Iron Man two
age of Ultron or the amazing spider-man
2 later mazing excitement - I'm through
it all I even want to see him right yeah
Iron Man 2 was flat but was still part
of the world
I like to rewatch that I'm never
watching it not hating Iron Man - I know
everyone shits on it well everyone shits
on it cuz it was flat but you know what
like Iron Man 2 actually did a lot of
Avengers world building for us I'll have
to re-watch it it's fine it's just I
know I flat out like three though Oh
three is perfect movies lose the
greatest move which quite a quick
questions as this rich Evans I hear in
this prank call probably not if it's if
it's not one of the best of the work
worst prank calls then no it's not okay
it's a link to a YouTube video that I'm
not going to click on Rob Vader think
Snyder will have Superman resurrected by
Booster Gold Frankenstein and mer Oh
Frankenstein and mer get it
Booster Gold Frankenstein
you know yeah I get him you need a
couple more characters it sound like
myrrh and frankincense yeah yeah a
murmur Booster Gold Frankenstein and
murmur I don't know who murmurs I guess
that's a character that I guess Lex
started with Zod's fingerprints he
wanted access to the ship right I
remember that once he got in he learned
the secrets of the universe and went mad
they established that show him Sean Rick
after they beam information into his
mind and then he starts acting like
crazy immediately after that that would
be how you establish that they don't do
that but I think he acts exactly the
same it seems like a the same before and
after it also seemed like he had
motivation and he'd already been
planning the insane shit he'd been doing
anyway right
like this man Batman fight distraction
helped Lex Lex finish his task or he
gonna just kept doing his tasks and shot
it without throwing Lois Lane off
building comic books that is utter
bullshit that is complete utter bull
utter bullshit there is that is not
shown in the movie he was already
working on that with no interference
from Batman or Superman yes that no idea
what was going on this one I like I
guess you could say that Batman
interfered by stealing the Kryptonite
but but he'd already been manipulating
Batman to fight Superman so that would
have been part of his plan that was part
of his plan manipulating Batman for two
years they clearly established that and
like as far as like distracting them so
he could continue working the fight
lasted five minutes as you would expect
I don't know and like maybe he was
expecting it to be like more drawn out
but you know it was fine it's fine
I would not you know he did far better
than he should have but I would not have
expected Batman to last long I'm not a
plan for that know what never been part
of my plan
no of course not of course not of course
not so yeah
Bruce Wayne goes to a Lex Luthor party
with the intent of stealing information
from Lex Luthor because he knows that
Lex Luthor's got some sneaky going on he
would
yes and he knows that Lex Luthor is
trying to make a weapon to stop Superman
yes and Batman wants that weapon yes
Clark Kent is also at this party yes
why is Clark Kent at this point it
doesn't matter no this is an important
thing he's there because he's a reporter
and he's reporting on the high school
basketball team that Perry White wanted
every way done I kept know he's at the
party why is he at the party I didn't
even think of that
I'm not sure I'm not sure it makes no
sense because they needed to see where
they made Lex Luthor hasn't meet them
there's no reason that Clark Kent is at
this party do they need a scene with me
or do they just have a scene baby
gobbledygook
we will get a Lex is a genius he knows
about metahumans all kinds of things he
knows secrets for a long time he's put a
timer and had it timed exactly to the
birth of tooms Dave doesn't need the
extra time he needs those five minutes
so dooms take he's the one who got
Superman's attention in the first place
Superman was happily living in the
mountain at that point
yeah or do it he was doing some shit if
he just would have not stolen Lois Lane
he would have had days days to finish
doomsday yeah because Superman he had to
retreat in the mountains after Congress
blew up and right the world was exactly
the same because we never seen the
Superman really care about saving human
lives anyway we're better off really
yeah well he had to have that attack
talk with his ghost dad and ghost I was
like fuck man I don't know and Clark is
just like I came here to talk to you
ghosts and ghosts as I'm playing
baseball huh I don't know nothing I
guess I guess he's not gonna save the
occasional space capsule to a droning
funeral music
ah what was the reason Lex bombed the
Capitol building I don't know you tell
me
yeah there's no reason there's no reason
to fail to frame Superman did he want to
frame Superman I can only assume that's
the only thing that makes sense like
Superman goes there for the Congress and
blows up Congress cuz he doesn't care
I I think it was more he wanted to kill
the congresswoman who was stopping his
access to the ship are there better ways
of doing that you would think I see I
don't know why he blew up Congress I
guess he was trying it more manipulate
Batman but how fucking useless was that
I don't know I can't do the new Batman
voice cuz it's good and it's like
digitally enhanced yep it's not it's not
Christian Bale's growl it's much better
yeah it's much better it makes sense
because force ghost right Superman using
about okay I was getting a Batman and
super Canton Bruce Wayne or at a party
why Clark and so it doesn't matter they
meet at the party and they don't know
that they don't know that each others
are superheroes but Lex knows that both
of them are superheroes and that's why
he's so excited but also gal gadot is
there and she is maybe maybe Lex invited
everybody after the movies defense maybe
Lex invited everybody he knew was a
superhero for some reason right because
Lex also knows that yeah Wonder Woman is
a superhero so he invites Princess Diana
it's just fucking with them I don't know
I don't know maybe but then why didn't
he invite Barry Allen maybe you turn it
down yeah I'm just some schmuck I'm
getting right
cyborg is still half of corpses still
hanging up some hooks and Aquaman he
didn't even get the invited dissolves on
the way down like tied into a rock in
town there Aquaman opens it as your
paper dissolves like he didn't laminate
the invite Aquaman is like oh I wonder
what that was I'm a rock that's weird
that's weird I don't like that at all
flesh Oh Cosmo I like this one flash
couldn't get there in time oh yeah no
that's what I'm getting - I know Aquaman
cameo look dumb did you hear David oh
man ever not look dumb sorry does
Aquaman never oh you know in the comics
it's fine they can try and find Rama
fine did you guys hear David s Goyer the
Batman vs Man co-writer back in 2005
said that he was against making Batman
vs Superman because it's like
Frankenstein Meets The Wolfman an
admission they're out of ideas
hey kick it could work as an Avengers
movie yeah it's more along one just
jumping into the Avengers without
bothering to set any of these shit up
right right
so periodic alga dough bags Wonder Woman
like I'm sure the lessons that Ironman
learned in age of Ultron Bob big an
idiot are gonna come into play in Civil
War because this character thing going
on between the films or you can just
just jump right into civil war without
any other superhero movies before that
we'll just introduce you know Iron Man
in the movie you know there was Captain
America will introduce Iron Man and the
rest of the Avengers inspire me all here
now they hate it just make that a movie
ha ha ha you know it's the pasta rule
you see what sticks see what sticks
people people say to really like that
Wonder Woman
I was ambivalent yeah I might my only I
don't Mike didn't like her the only
thing I really hated was she had no
business showing up at the end right
nobody was a mess at that point anyway
yes but in a movie about Batman and
Superman Wonder Woman did not need to
show up at the end and steal the
spotlights from both of our non heroes
right like her her made her main purpose
in the movie was to set up the Justice
League yeah like her and Batman are like
like like her and Batman are talking on
the email right and and she gets all the
files and all the files that she was
trying to steal from Luthor that Batman
stole from Luthor have information on
her the flash cyborg and Aquaman and we
and all of those sequences looked
incredibly cheap and slapped together
you can clearly see Alka man holding his
breath he like has puffed out cheeks
that was my Aquaman impression and it's
horrible and it looks bad is he gonna
drown during the filming of the Aquaman
movie is that gonna be a story that
we're hearing about that would be great
final nail the DCCC you right uh it was
it was awful terrible but that was her
purpose and then she was gonna get on a
plane right and while on a plane and she
has already told Batman or someone she
told someone like I've given up with the
world of men and I don't I don't want to
be involved in your life anymore right
and she's getting on a plane and leaving
metropolis when she sees that a monster
has frickin broken loose that's
something I don't care I really don't
care at this point so she shows up to
fight the monster she's better at hiding
the last hundred years but now but now
they show up she didn't show up when
metropolis was getting destroyed by Zod
oh no no not then that wasn't the right
time but by the way that wasn't just
metropolis they were destroying the
entire Earth and the
last time I checked maybe her plane
couldn't get there in time she was
church's she was booking a flight when
that was going on like in Man of Steel
that actually affected her she would
have died along with everyone else if
the entire earth was terraformed in Man
of Steel
why do they need to terraform the earth
when like Superman was fine he just got
superpowers Zod eventually started to
get superpowers yeah why would the
terraforming yeah that's a really good
question well because if they didn't
terraform the earth they would be
momentarily discomforted before getting
superhuman strength oh but if they did
terraform the earth they they would be
comfortable but no Super Stretch is the
real thing in Man of Steel hate the
fucking movies because when Superman
went into the terraformed area he was
weaker and so they would have terraform
to the earth nobody would have had
superpowers but they'd be fine they
would feel okay but if they didn't
terraformers
all of them would have been momentarily
discomforted have learned how to use all
their abilities and that we would have
had a race of superhumans living on
earth they could have easily taken over
the earth without the giant machines and
they'd have superpowers and they would
all have superpowers forever and be able
to like dominate any any threat that
ever came yeah no shit they would be oh
shit Superman can even like go anywhere
in the universe and because it's a
yellow Sun right the whole universe so
or the whole galaxy we don't know that
this well the gal we don't know that the
galaxy don't think it's quite that fast
the Superman and whoa anywhere the
Yellow Sun shines he can be super strong
okay okay my is my thought so but I
believe the the explanation that they
gave
the movie was that Zod is a nationalist
like a purist okay and says very one
point because Wonder Woman getting on a
plane to fly to Metropolis and she
decides to fight the monster and she
shows up and he and one in one of the
scenes that pissed me off the most is we
hear that line right that does she come
with you know yeah I thought she came
with you
and here's the thing Batman says no I
thought she was with you when Batman
sent her the email telling her to come
fight the monster right Superman doesn't
know who Wonder Woman is at this point
was exactly like Mike said it was in
there so they could have that line in
the trailer
exactly yeah but you know what have it
in the trailer just cut it out you don't
need that in the movie yeah and then
they'll fight The Pajama monster and
it's the lamest fight ever ever fear oh
geez oh my god I'm just a human I don't
belong here at all
that's my bad man in president that's a
great lead-in to the Justice League show
how useless Batman is and in the big
climax to the fighter you know the whole
spear thing has been debated all over
and over I don't even I don't even care
to talk about the stupid spear thing
we'll get into more of that with the
Batman vs. Superman fight the big climax
to the doomsday thing is Batman
momentarily incapacitates doomsday with
his last kryptonite grenade and Wonder
Woman ties him up with her golden lasso
of truth also that is the very first
time we see the golden lasso ever in the
movie whatever not whatever that's
whatever I'm not about in the movie at
this point Oh movie had lost me by this
point this is just this is insult to
injury we
are expected to the movie asks a lot of
us people who can fly people have
super-strength people have tanks and
cars and weird guns and gadgets this and
then this lady comes by and she's also
super strong and has a sword and shield
for some reason and now out of nowhere
in the fight she already has this
monster tied up to a glowing rope
where'd the Rope come from why is the
Rope not breaking that's a weird rope
why is she time up with the Rope that's
it's it's a it's another piece to the
crap puzzle that would be showing
Batman's origin again we know Wonder
Woman's role we see Batman's fuck it
listen we see fuck it we see the Wayne's
get murdered five times in slow motion
but they have never been murdered more
beautifully the Wayne murder has never
ever looked this good we don't need to
see it five times in slow motion we
talked about the bats we'll get there I
want I just want I just my final point
here is take away one of those murders
and and give me a little lasso set up
can you do that but Jack the bats the
bats rich didn't you love how Zack
Snyder completely missed the point of
the bats what what would you say the
points on the bats are Batman's parents
are murdered and his grief he runs and
he falls into the cave into the Batcave
and there are bats in the cave yeah and
then the bats they fly around him and
they've raised him up into the light
right what is it Batman Batman what are
the bats represent the general you know
through its it's different for different
writers but usually the general thing is
Batman was afraid of bats Oh and he he
he owned up to his own fear and now uses
the mantle of the bat to strike fear
into the people that he wants to so the
bat should have represented fear and not
hope it's it's really weird how he
have gotten that so aspect wouldn't it
have been great if instead of the bat
circling him and lifting him up
what if they circled around him and they
dragged him down
what and Batman gets lost and then
Batman is born as all of the bats
fucking burst out of that hole in the
ground and cloud out the Sun what
wouldn't that have been awesome
what young Bruce Wayne
screaming getting the bats gonna suck
them in yeah never great that would have
been great it's off like that once just
bursting out of the hole and filling the
sky and there's nothing but darkness
that would have been so bad bad but and
see this is the thing in the chat
they're saying because Batman is Jesus
but no Superman is Jesus Batman is
supposed to be the man in this story
literally they even fuck up the story
they're trying to tell where Superman is
supposed to be the god Batman is
supposed to be the man and it's man and
God man against God man of god working
together or some shit like that they
can't get their own story straight
because it's just because it's just
ultimately it's just fucking biblical
imagery for its own fucking sake how
does the did Superman Jesus thing
further the story or the character at
all what does it mean other than just
other than just waking off all over the
film what does it mean it's it's in
there
just so the film can seem smarter so
that when people try to criticize the
film other people can say you just don't
get it yep it's too smart for you yep
you-you-you're Marvel fan ball go go
back to your Sunday morning cartoons
Saturday morning whatever yeah I watched
my son because I taped him because I
worked on Saturday morning fuck the
actual fight I do I do you have you have
the world's most clever human being and
you know he does some detective shit in
this movie
that shit this movie and then it can't
be said enough how much I enjoyed Ben
Affleck is Batman Bruce Wayne you have a
character who's defining character he's
a very smart clever intelligent man yes
and then you had this a moveable
powerhouse and how does the the clever
man fight the immovable powerhouse he
hits him with a kitchen sink his
solution to the Superman problem is dumb
brute force his Superman his his
solution to the Superman problem knowing
that Superman is a dumb blunt force
object is to use other dumb blunt force
objects where was the clever trap he
where was the thinking where was the
strategy to be fair he tried some traps
right the first there's a straight one
first there's a Soundwave trap okay and
then there was a machine-gun trap and
then there was a smoke bomb and then
fucking I'm just gonna hit him and now
I'm gonna hit him I'm gonna tie him to a
rope and I'm gonna swing him around the
room that's how I'm gonna fight Superman
also how like I understand that
Superman's not supposed to necessarily
be clever but how he is you just have to
make him dumb when he fights Batman but
how dumb are they making him okay so
Superman's supposed to be
extraordinarily smart and clever he's a
writer that's true well but that doesn't
necessarily make him clever but he may
be smart like he's not a kid Ian he's
not an idiot but he so he drops down his
whole plan Superman who does not like
Batman discovers that his mother has
been kidnapped and tortured by Lex
Luthor right his first instinct is to
get the murderous bat vigilante to help
him which makes no sense makes no sense
Superman you are Superman he's Superman
you need Batman's help to save one
person well this Batman this sick man
does because he doesn't save anybody
it's just his personal policy even if
it's his mother I can't save her
somebody else do that I don't say people
do that I don't do anything that's not
on my own self-interest but this is in
your self-interest saving your mother I
can't fuck my mother because she's not
really like related let's hit the bat do
it
so he's sent to fight off the bat man
mike says Lex's fight the Batman
kill the Batman or I kill your mother
right so Superman's like starts flying -
exactly I guess I have to do there's no
other option besides this so he's flying
- the Batman who has who is sitting
there waiting for Superman not really
knowing if Superman is on his way right
yeah Batman has an elaborate trap system
including a kryptonite spear knife and
what was Batman's plan to lure Superman
to him he turned the bat-signal yeah it
works it only worked because Lex Luthor
sent him there it was a very fortunate
convince coincidence for Batman a very
fortunate coincidence what if Lex Luthor
did this on the next day and Batman was
just standing all night in the rain like
god I hope Superman shows up unless you
bring me the head of the bat yeah super
it flies off yeah second Raider he comes
back he's got Martha this well here she
is Lex I'm taking in of course he
doesn't know where Martha Kent is yes he
knows where Lois Lane is falling off a
building I was gonna say he's nowhere
near there he doesn't know she's gonna
be thrown off a building but he just
hears that if only he had some sort of
heightened sense of hearing and sight
then he could spend this hour looking
for Martha right meanwhile Batman so
standing on the roof huh please take his
time Oh
check the satellites do you see
for me what do you mean he's taking Lex
Luthor to jail he's fucking turned on
the bat-signal why isn't he here all
this rain started to short out my suit
oh I'm starting to rust shit dude did
you pack my lunch ever I need an exit I
have to go to the bathroom I really
thought he would be here by this time I
had to go to the bath so oh shit my mom
really sorry Batman Bruce I had this
whole thing at Lex Luthor actually Lex
Luthor was trying to build a monster I
stopped it all though because I'm
Superman super strong and fast and I'm
really great at everything so don't
worry about me like I got this super
Bruce sorry you're not Lex Luthor haha
weird so okay okay but okay he's he's
dumb Superman is now a really dumb oh
yeah Serena's not really dumb he goes to
fight or he goes to get Batman's help
because what he doesn't need Matt's help
doesn't he that but okay I guess I'll
listen Oh Lex Luthor because that's what
I have to hear that's it okay let's just
say let's just say that he does that
right he decides so so in Superman's
head he needs to now convince Batman to
work with him to save his mom yeah even
though he doesn't need to do that okay
Superman is now really really dumb for
some reason yes so now he's done this so
now he lands and he sees Batman in an
Iron Man suit
and he tries to explain to Batman what's
going on but Batman starts hitting him
with the traps right
he's like brute because he's like Bruce
we got to talk I have a problem and he
steps on the first trap and no sound
waves no trap but he destroys that
really really easily and then he
destroys the second trap really really
easily right mm-hmm but he also stops
trying to explain what's going on
it got really bad he got really mad yes
and and here's where we get to another
in movie huge logic flaw he then
confronts Batman and and for what he
knows what does Superman know about
Batman at this point he knows buddy like
he knows like what Batman looks like
right yeah so Superman now sees Batman
in a giant armor costume and he gets his
hands on that costume and we already
know that Superman can rip a car in half
he does not take the armor off of Batman
or the movie couldn't had a fight I
don't care these are like these are all
the like but this is this is my problem
is even in what should be a really fun
action sequence he's making this the
characters are making dumb decisions
this is just dumb yet very very
expensive fight choreography yes that's
all it is it's not a major fundamental
problem it's just a waste of a lot of
money just going down that drain but
this I can't even enjoy the fight this
was the main event this is what the
movie has billed us toward Batman is
gonna fight mother fucking Superman and
Superman does something he has already
ripped apart one of Batman's machines
I can just imagine Jim and Colin working
on this and just hating themselves for
working on it yeah that's what I picture
absolutely yeah
and then the dumb fight happens it's a
dumb fight some of its kind of cool it's
mostly really dumb it ends with Batman
hitting Superman over the head with a
toilet a sink a sink everything and the
kitchen sink Jack he's the Batman Rip's
a sink off of a wall and bash his
Superman in the head with him and then
right but that was gonna be really
effective big dope don't you put that
spear like 100 yards away you keep the
spear on the other side of town because
you know the fights gonna bring you to
the spirit you just know that he just
knows that then you can dig all that
spirit Superman don't keep that behind
your cape and don't use that like first
thing every kind of incapacitate
Superman you want you want to hit him
right with the fist types why just cuz
you want to do that because you got
bleed you could make him really bleed
with a kryptonite spear you know oh oh
but you might be thinking to yourself oh
well maybe he wanted to hide it because
Superman has x-ray vision but Batman
doesn't know he has x-ray vision and
Superman doesn't know what kryptonite is
and Superman doesn't know kryptonite is
and three times Superman does not use
his x-ray vision he doesn't you see the
first trap he doesn't use the second
trap and he doesn't use it when fucking
Batman uses a smoke bomb on Superman and
Superman he gets lost to be fair he
might have seen the traps that Batman
was gonna unleash but he just didn't
care because he knew they would be
completely ineffective as they were sure
but then now he's attacking Batman
Batman throws a smoke grenade Superman
could see through the smoke grenade cuz
he has x-ray vision but he still loses
the Batman also Batman is in a giant
clunky metal suit and Superman has super
hearing
yes Oh where'd he go specifically built
to be a ninja armor soon because
specifically built for that ninjas are a
volte and alfred was working out he was
thinking this is
this is so fucking stupid come come come
come
where did that Batman go who's gonna use
this money to build a hospital that's an
outfit was thinking we could have
completely rebuilt metropolis with all
the money raised and stepping on
punishing the man who accidentally
destroyed metropolis shit where did he
go where did he go George it these are
all the things it's like again oh it was
a lead smoke grenade you fucks
so Batman's going to die shortly after
the movie of lead poisoning it was a
lead
smoke grenade how was Batman aware of
Superman's x-ray vision is was this a
widely known fact well it's in the
comics of course Batman read the comic
books as we all know Ben Affleck is a
huge comic book geek so Ben Affleck
knows this so Batman knows this Superman
it was going easy on Batman like playing
hide-and-seek with a three-year-old
maybe again
Superman's only motivation was to get
Batman to help him save his mother or
kill him because he had that line of
speech that you know the world makes
terrible people or something like that
even though he's already a terrible
person who murders people yeah what was
it why the world makes everyone bad
surely or something stupid even though
he's already a jerk he's already clearly
and firmly established to be a super
jerk he's a huge jerk lead dust fairy I
let there's an like in Christopher Reeve
Superman Lex Luthor highs kryptonite in
a leadbox yeah and he knows that
Superman can't see through lead because
we have a scene where he's giving an
interview to Lois Lane and she writes an
article yep
there's a very bright of Superman very
well he did yeah but that see yeah he's
good he thinks everybody's good right
more too honest for his own good set is
set up something is set up earlier in
the movie and it pays off later in the
movie set up the payoff you could just
have me I guess we could have known each
other we can be is it really 1:00 a.m.
with this shit ball yeah have we been
talking about Batman vs Superman for two
fucking hours
yeah I'm sorry everybody I'm sorry it
went this late thoughts an elephant it
was great
Jeremy Irons is great everything with
Batman was pretty decent yeah and we
didn't talk about much we liked there is
the single greatest Batman action scene
of all time when Batman goes to sleep
Batman goes said Martha
other than the guns hey Batman murders
in this one Michael Keaton also murdered
yeah sure you have to be comfortable
with Batman being a murderer there's a
really good action sequence I said the
killing Superman plot would have been a
lot stronger if this were a Batman who
were adverse to killing this but Zack
Snyder what a death so so great Batman
Batman has never fought more like Batman
than he did in that scene exactly he's
just not encumbered or both he's not
gadget know he uses his sneaker ease
flippin looks amazing super fun action
see if you can just get that action
sequence wisely basically yeah it's
great it ends on a dumb joke there are
two dumb jokes in this movie and they
are out of context and the hate and I
hate it
bad Punisher right bat yes Batman
killing was the least of the problems
with this movie this is a Batman who
kills and you just have to be okay with
that this is not the Batman the problem
is though with a Batman who kills and
who is willing to use guns yeah not like
he'll incidentally but just blatantly
use guns
he should be using guns all the time
beep like a part of his his equipment
yes they're very effective yeah because
they're very effective but whatever
whatever yeah yeah also Superman dies
because Superman dies at the end because
they wanted to have that little scene
where maybe he's not dead but every like
everybody knows that Superman died in
the comics and then came back like we're
like we're fucking concerned that he's
not gonna come back
especially what it's like the first
movie in the universe in the Justice
League universe let's kill off the most
popular and profitable character ever he
won't be coming back
nope not or maybe of course these
fucking well they can bring him back
evil when dark sound resurrects him and
then he'll have an excuse to murder
people I know a lot of people in the
Justice League movie this was a movie
made by dumb people for dumb people to
make dumb people think that they're
smart like whatever whatever city is the
Flash's city because the flash isn't
terribly popular yeah whatever Keystone
or is that Green Lantern whatever the
flash city is Superman's at our fucking
level in Star City
okay Superman's got a fucking level star
city okay they're sterling whatever I
don't
DC's fictional cities are just weird
it's dumb they're kind of weird DOM is
weird central city is that in central
okay it will be leveled I'm gonna say
specifically Flash's city cuz that will
get flash involved that's the only way
he's gonna get much yep great Star City
is Green Arrow you're right
coast city who's in Coast City
I think that's lentor oh yeah that might
be Green Lantern what if he resurrects
as a wiser Superman that has actually
upbeat about his role no no he's cuz
he's gonna be busy with The Fountainhead
so they'll get a different director and
he resurrects as the Superman everybody
loves know he's gonna resurrect his
super murder man right under the control
of Darkseid but then the Batman Oh
science a way to get him back to normal
after Superman's been like killing
people for half
movie and I'll get Superman back to
normal and then he'll murder half the
city while trying to stop Darkseid it's
probably gonna happen dumb because dumb
don't it is it's it's a it's it's a dumb
movie it's a dumb movie and it's it's
the worst kind of demo because I love
dumb movies Superman's gonna put his
hands over like Darkseid's eyes then the
Amega beams are gonna blow up Darkseid's
head oh sure it's a dumb movie that
thinks it's smart yep
and like I love dumb movies I'll watch
the rock any day of the week I will
watch face off any day of the week I
fucking love dumb movies but you gotta
know what you are what do we think of a
flick writing a Batman movie Affleck is
a talented writer and director and I
like this version of Batman I would like
to see more of this version of Batman
not only his bat is Ben Affleck a
talented writer and director he's also a
huge comic book nerd who would probably
be faithful to Batman in very real ways
everybody should be okay with Ben
Affleck writing Batman
it'll be it would be it would be great
like a me word for the fuck some names
oh shit I can't believe it's 1:00 in the
morning
yep there's a lot of shit to talk about
that film it's a turd
oh wait hold on uh let's see here
gobbledygook says I'm glad the movie
makes these kinds of discussions thanks
guys be sure to watch it again in 3d and
get those blu-rays oh and and for more
answers you could try DC Universe Online
for the ps4 it's free you bugs thanks
gobbling gooks and just remember
something about living outside of the
movie okay what so many of them
mentioned like shame the movies making
so much money I heard an interesting
fact yes 166 billion over the weekend
yeah which is fine it's had
had like the second biggest drop-off
from Friday to Saturday which was
matched only by the Fantastic Four movie
and then the drop from Saturday to
Sunday was the biggest of all time yes
so it's falling fast oh yeah yeah it's I
just thought that was interesting I
don't know if it's good the trend will
continue but it's just interesting the
the the biggest aspect of the movie that
makes me the most depressed is is
Superman Superman has isn't is not what
I would call a complicated hero
it's neither super nor man sure well I
mean the Superman that I love the Super
Dome yeah the student man that I like is
not a complicated here yeah he's he's a
good guy who's doing his best to do good
things yes and that's it yes he has
these powers and he's just doing what he
can't do a good thing but he was raised
right and he wants to use his power for
the betterment of people that's it
that's it yep and the drama in his life
comes from him not being able to be
everywhere at once and that that's the
Superman that I love and that my the
most depressing thing about this movie
is this Superman is a dickhead the
Superman who could easily take over the
earth
yeah he just wants to go home at the end
of the day there was Kansas farm house
and say hi to mom ha maybe that's a
dinner with mom maybe maybe I'll go on
that date with Lois Lane yeah yeah but
first I need to stop this nuclear
missile oh there's people in trouble I
better do something because I care about
people yeah yeah that's Superman
that's the hero I want to believe in and
and this Superman Jack is a giant
dickhead that's the hero we deserve
that's the we deserve the hero we need
right now big levels metropolis right
right
visitor 115 months in a row Ches 87 16
months in a row Lucas Ducas eggs Mensa
21 fucking months in a row
the real Quaid 17 months in a row crab
Oh bother
smiling strange 19 months in a row
maniac 12 15 21 fucking months in a row
Caesarion fart today X Oh 14 months in a
row
Master Kenobi double oh seven twenty two
fucking months in a row just like for
you talk about crappy mood for two hours
fisted buy dope smoke sixteen months in
a row saggin one two two zero sagon
Sagan like Carl Sagan Sagan say again I
got this saga end 1 2 2 0 14 months in a
row I know you're gonna do that
something like that not exactly what you
I'm just really getting is getting a
very say Gann the dude 1944 15 months in
a row sausage sausage Kasim Kasim
this meets lab 18 months in a row otere
both eyes out Hicks or mixer nicely done
thank you
Hartman's thank you thank you beefcake
thank you for the updated version of the
torture it's working it's working right
beef hey beef
TCL p99 18 months in a row tor bear
night night
tor tor brew night night Tauber night
night
tor burn a tight NIT can i GHD nice now
you'll see this by october Tober sober
night night Dober named and ice bone
badger 20 fucking months in a row lured
iock dr. Rufus gobbledygook hey
gobbledygook s--
20 fuckin months in a row I made it into
fucking territory he made it into the
fucking congratulations congratulate
happily good sky dandy 18 months in a
row galactic Shaun and chaos 14:28 thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we really do and we hope to
see you guys on Sunday it'll be a weird
one and don't forget about Sunday
once again leftover beefcake thank you
for the twat sure amazing program that
he made
that the program this is great all the
time thank you thank you guys for coming
out on Sunday good luck with the clown
makeup
