Nov 2, 2016
Owlboy
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/102143252
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyQJ4Xxbao0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/793859355477028864

it's just that easy sometimes
we started early enough where I made a
mistake
oh yeah that was it wouldn't that be
great that's the whole stream I made a
mistake I'm playing this on a computer I
don't normally stream from so many
technical difficulties most of which by
the way most of the technical
difficulties came from the fact that I
don't have the right connectors here at
home to give my computer dual monitors
and so right now I am streaming out of
just one monitor and it's actually
shockingly difficult when you're used to
having multiple monitors and so good
audio great great there we go
the other thing that is going to be an
issue tonight is tips tips may or may
not show up for some reason stream tip
alert er doesn't feel like working I do
have the Twatter running so we can do
that for sure
but there's no guarantees on tips you
might have to let's see what happens if
I just refresh the tips mmm that doesn't
I don't think that works but oh my god
no I'm deaf our fresh four time
so it sounds good now I have everything
everything sounds everything sounds
great this is this is how it's gonna
sound game audio uncertain well we'll
see we're gonna start a new game here
you should have heard a little bleep
bleep bleep there we're gonna play how
old boy and I don't know much about our
boy the only thing I know about a boy is
that is that when this game has been
being developed for like seven years or
something are you hearing I heard it but
it's really quiet and you should be
hearing a game I can up the volume in
the game hold on oh here's the story in
a time I will mold you into a spitting
image of myself hey no need to look so
nervous this is a great moment for you
despite being born as a mute under my
tutelage you will become one of the
pillars of the community
and book okay well I see there's plenty
we will have to work on do not worry I
will straighten you out I will fix the
game audio as soon as we are done with
this little this little segment here you
haven't been doing your studies too well
so I've been thinking that perhaps your
talents simply lie elsewhere so today I
will be doing some flying I bet you've
been looking forward to this for a while
good then listen closely all you need to
do is jump off the ground and when you
midair spread your wings and flap them
the our or cloak I gave you should take
care of the rest
notice show me how art Eagle can do
alright you're flying now try to move a
bit
don't 102 a platform oh okay oh oh okay
you don't have to like hold down oh I'm
not gonna be options really quick
you
you guys but then I should be over there
okay so you can just fly whoa mmm well
notice that was some terrible flying I
have to say I'm really disappointed
most students pick this up instantly
sucks shit oh I'm sorry
why is baseball more important to rich I
don't know
baseball's more important to rich
because that's the one thing he's into I
guess and so he said he's he's playing
baseball they're watching baseball today
gobbledygook says seeing if tips are
working at your home go Cubs or Indians
or whatever
did you know owl boy hood it took nearly
12 years to make I started in 2007 and
it shows lots of details enjoy well
thank you
tomorrow's back to normal studies it
pains me to see such an EFT flying oh
well that just makes me feel bad
dips are working I do have to manually
refresh them which is great but you know
fine also leftover beefcake says testing
tips also this five dollars should go
towards a sound board so every time rich
makes a karate chop gesture you guys can
add the appropriate noise yes I loved
that from bedsores hopefully you all saw
best of the worst
what a fine episode I was not I mean I
was drunk but I did not come off as
drunk as I thought I would
which is very okay he told me to do
something
oh this game is effing with me I told
you to put it down not smash it well
fine I came out funny trunk great thanks
Cisco Brisco
you came off I was I was very very drunk
and luckily there was some comedy to be
had there jay-j was emphasizing my drunk
attune which was the setup to the Linda
Hamilton joke that ended the episode
much to my chagrin I was so drunk that I
forgot it was Linda Blair not Linda
Hamilton or Linda Carter another Linda
oh I suck at being an owl but first of
all I feel like a failure at being an
owl and I feel bad I feel bad and sad
they did not know I did not swing in
anger at Mike and did you know they cut
out all of the refills what is happening
what what
what is happening in our boy
I so nervous just don't worry about it I
have no idea what's going on we're
talking to people but we're mute and our
professor hates us and we're failing and
owls
okay it was a dream it's fine I know we
can't defend Jai's choice in Pizza
pineapple and Canadian bacon
Canadian bacon pizza is unacceptable
that is an unacceptable Pizza choice
there's a lot of fine pizza to be had in
the world and that's unacceptable it's
unacceptable to me well I'm going to
kind of adjust my microphone here so
it's right in my fizzy in my fizzy face
so you can hear me II okay there we go
now now we're rocking and or rolling
pineapple pizzas is in absolutely it's
like after you're done eating kind of
standard pizza you know your your
pepperonis your sausages and whatnots
you you dip your toes into other flavors
like pineapple and Canadian bacon and
that opens up your palate it's it's a
that's a stepping stone pizza but you
really oh Jesus
you
but but that's not your pizza oh that it
that should not be your pizza of choice
Canadian bacon is just am that's true
that's true about Canadian bacon a damn
there are synonyms it's like basic pizza
absolutely like you know if someone gets
pepperoni pizza like okay that's that's
fine that's fine that's a fine basic
pizza you get you get pineap-- but but
like you know to say that pineapple and
Canadian bacon is your favorite that
should be the thing that awakens you to
new flavors oh they're been pirates
Hey
there have been pirates
I'm like a flying meter I don't see any
sort of flying meter Oh No
little golden doubloon EES nice
whoo-hee okay
I like flying around this is great you
don't put fruit on pizza you know I
don't wanna get I don't want to get too
political but tomato is a fruit and
tomato is a fine option I've had pizza
with apples on it and you know like
there's been some fine stuff in there
it's just not it's just the pineapple
Canadian bacon connection or grabbing
all sorts of stuff tomatoes are not
beets that's right so there's nothing
inherently bad with fruits on pizza it's
specifically this Oh
mega treasure I am the greatest
owl boy ever sure take that
who's gonna get rich here you know it's
no pineapples like are fine o is what
they are they're fine but when someone
says it's their favorite pizza then you
have to take issue you just have to go
how basic are you J
not the coin chair when I'm supposed to
be doing right now but that's okay
because we're just gonna fly around
because we're al boy you can do this
kind of stuff oh here we go
wing blink blink
they scream just hitting who examined
yeah
jack is backtracking that I was kinda no
I not you know what I like white sauces
on pizzas as well you can get a nice
like like a garlic sauce with with
potatoes and bacon that's great but you
know that's just potatoes and bacon and
that's great on everything right that
doesn't really count
oh hello ho
hello friend
whoa all right okay friend Oh see I have
friends in this village oh hello
I go down kind jump downwardly hello
other friend potatoes on a pizza
absolutely potatoes on a pizza you
haven't lived in till event potatoes on
a pizza
okay so there's pirates over here
there's no you guys are crazy
potatoes on pizzas work white sauce like
a garlic sauce potatoes and bacon I mean
it's potatoes and bacon of course it's
gonna be delicious what you don't even
this isn't this isn't controversial here
this isn't anything out of the out of
the ordinary
this is potatoes and bacon what's this
thing no he don't mind talk to you let's
go over here there's anything fun we had
no man and a bathtub
oh look at did you see that if I stand
in the hot spring too long and turn
alright because I get hat that's great
that's great with it
hello friend and a troublemaker looking
at my oh oh
okay there's possible troublemakers here
possible troublemakers I think I got to
go check on if there's any pirates they
say it was over here over you
yeah well over here is pirate time oh
this is food is again spooky the the fun
music went away and now it's spooky time
whoa who did everything gods bill no
I've not seen Godspell I'm sorry also I
do apologize if I sniff loudly into the
microphone I'm a little ill today and I
took some some anti booger medication so
I might get a little incoherent later
cuz it makes me incoherent but uh I also
might sniffle a little bit and I will do
my best to not sniffle directly into the
microphone oh man here's some jerk ass
owls jerk ass owls Oh
so I'm oldest the saddle
that's who I'm playing in this game
which I'm okay with but you know get it
now I get it that I'm sad let me go on
my grand adventure to redeem myself
whoo dad
what
you
all right oh my glory
look at what we got here now look at all
we got here now I just threw my I just
threw my friend oh okay I'm just gonna
shoot everything in the village now all
these village jerks no I've obviously
the game's not taking a long while to
get going it's just my patience but like
look at this already
we got something crazy I'm picking up
people's Oh whoopsie I shot the fruit um
let's go buddy
what's over here over here friend not
down here that would be a bad idea
it what's up phone it's up at this place
I came upon teamwork but Jack is solo
tonight all I know it's it's very
upsetting rich wanted to watch some sort
of baseballs tonight he said that
baseball's were his Super Bowl which
again doesn't really mean anything to me
but I understand this is you want this
is what he wants what do I think of
deviled eggs I'm okay with them sorry
needed some water I'm okay with deviled
eggs you know there are obviously good
ones and bad ones I love eggs in general
though any sort of egg will usually get
my seal of approval
you play this co-op I don't believe so I
think this is just a single-player game
that was my Halloween buy my Halloween
was great kids are getting old enough to
really to really hit the neighborhood up
I don't know if you guys saw me tweet
out the picture but me and the family
went as Pokemon characters so my oldest
went as ash my youngest went as a
Pikachu Pikachu and me and Lisa my wife
went as Team Rocket went is Jessie and
James of Team Rocket can I go down here
to do that and you know we usually go I
didn't see it it's on my Twitter check
out my Twitter at har Lac we usually do
you know have family costumes and this
was a little bit of a last-minute one
hello down here
it was a bit of a last-minute costume
because uh there's like okay we hadn't
picked something else we all we don't
wanted to go as the tick characters
because we hadn't happened recently
watching episodes of the tick and my
kids loved it and we were gonna go as
tick characters and so we had started
buying outfits and stuff for going as
the tick I was gonna be the tick my
oldest was gonna be our third youngest
was going to be the terror and Lisa my
wife was going to be poodle gun a
character that who was in one episode of
the tick but uh there's always next year
that's true but uh oh well this is
adorable but so we went as Pokemon stuff
and it was great actually we had people
stopping us mid trick-or-treat to take
pictures with Team Rocket which is
unprecedented for me just as far as
costumes were concerned I thought they
were pretty good costumes we were able
to cobble together we were able to
cobble together some decent looking
costumes with like $6 Walmart
turtlenecks and the such so I was I was
really happy with what we were able to
put together now Pokemon is insanely
popular with our kids never have I been
recognized so much before and everyone
was like you know blah saying that
little Team Rocket motto and blasting
off at the speed of light and and we
memorized that little poem that they
used to start off each of their
appearances and these jerk
owls and they loved it and it was great
we had an amazing night and you know we
had friends over and a bunch of kids
came by the weather was really nice and
that's usually our Halloween thing is we
have a bunch of friends and family over
I'll take turns going through the
neighborhood and giving out candy and it
was it was really fun people didn't stop
strangers to get pics of their Halloween
costumes back when we had to pay for
film it was crazy like it was crazy it
was it was great it was like you know
like parents would stop us and be like
listen my kids saw you down the street
can my kids take a picture with Team
Rocket and you know it was great it was
super fun
Oh what then who dad
that's right rich went as quick turn off
the light so no stupid kids asked for
candy that was Rich's Halloween costume
which isn't a fan of little kids trying
to poop
there's a this goddamn pirate excuse me
there's a goddamn pirate yep Oh get out
of here when I get this pirate I'm gonna
get this pirates I'm a bitch
were you in were you in but how
Halloween is my favorite holiday I love
dressing up I think it's super fun oh
hello what's coming here I was worried
it might be a Manilla no anything no
kids love it and and like my
eight-year-old my oldest is watching be
the older cartoon and just thinks it's
hilarious he thinks it's so weird how
their faces get big when they get angry
you know just that kind of classic anime
art style Mir Mir you jerk ask pirate
and I'm coming for you oh yeah yeah I'm
on to you
those explosions looked amazing yeah
yeah don't think I'm not onto you right
we got we got some puzzles lead oops
here no or just
I shot him before he attacked me I'm
gonna say that's okay cuz I have to
assume that everything's intended me in
here facepaint makes me uncomfortable so
I don't go in much for Halloween there's
plenty out there without face pain
I agree face pain makes me uncomfortable
as well don't worry about face pain get
a fun wig you know just get some cheap
clothing I'm a humanoid character
this wacky a spider pirate I love them I
did you first I went I shot that thing
before I knew whether or not it was evil
if and if the cops ask later it it looks
menacing oh okay yeah I would have shot
me all right yeah look look it was
winding up it would have definitely shot
me
come on friend let's fight the pirate oh
crap
I don't know if J is okay after they
post Halloween can you guys not hear the
game is the game not allowed still
twitch plays Pokemon D art in this game
is superb this is some dense pixel art
and I kind of love it and you guys hear
the game what do I think of berry man a
little life no strong feelings towards
Barry Manilow the game is silent
I owe them
yes here
you
oh you know what might be the issue I
think I know
you
okay
you
you should have heard the little bull
there
education sound wasn't quite as well
okay
hold on
all I have lots of Pokemon I like I
think a lot of them are cute
okay now you're hearing stuff great
we have audio great perfect now now we
are rocking and rolling oh no we do have
donations I need to manually refresh the
donation buttons so just if you do
donate say something in Jack cuz I can
see Chad easier like sob medve Veck says
first time long time curious if you've
heard the moot of a movie called gore
met zombie chief rome and hell it's
about a vampire chef Oh gore met zombie
chef from hell it's about a vampire chef
running a beach bar and kills his
customers for food
I know if you have a copy I do not
believe if we have a copy
it sounds great so if you have a copy
you should probably give us about me
audio too loud now
okay now desktop audio should be normal
volumes Hey
yeah yeah hey like that now like that
how can I just stun you know I can just
stun him all right well then I'm wait I
can't do shit against them hey yep
gotcha
boom never mind that's good great
perfect audio good great thank you for
helping with stuff like that it's
incredibly hard when you are solo
streaming do I recommend the game for
seven eight year olds my guess is no I
actually have not I have not seen the
gate but I don't think I would be
comfortable with my children watching it
yet as it looks incredibly intense
all right yeah take that ah that looks
like too much of a movie like I would
probably be uncomfortable letting my
kids watch that so I would say no but
that's just me that's not everybody
puzzle is this on steam yes this is on
steam and because it's it just came out
this week ala boy it's on sale normally
it's a $25 game and I want to say it's
on sale for I got it for 20 - OH
22 bucks I know I know a little bit
about the backstory of this game which
is apparently this is a one-man
development team and/or a very small
development team and they've been
working on it for something like eight
years and it started off as just a fan
game and they just kept working at it
and kept you know upping the graphics
and upping the gameplay and it's it's a
war it has been a work in progress so
the pixel art I wish I had that much
patience right sorry like this is
incredibly detailed it looks gorgeous
and so far it plays really nice I'm
hoping for something a little bit more
substantial but I bet we're gonna get
there we're pretty pretty early on yeah
oh yeah I got my gun back so you can eat
it great
the other thing I was thinking about
playing tonight but the save is on the
other computer is that that uh Halloween
forever game again just to beat it
because I'm really upset that I have not
beaten him or that I did not beat it it
feels like it should be something right
there we go it was and it was that dip
dip hey rich joke this may be strange
but when was the last time you cried
from laughing I have a great fucking
week my fuck it was actually was
probably on an episode of best of the
worst one that I can tell you
specifically that I remember is um
Oh lark yeah right out of town we ran
out of time is the that episode that
Jillian was on with with Texas a psycho
from Texas and that one had me crying
that one had me laughing so hard I was
crying you know it happens it happened
so oh this is like a time going
oh I have to leave my friend here I
don't want to leave my friend here I
pick up something else well here we go
if this is heavy enough that's what it
was it was the director the director of
psycho from Texas had all those softcore
porn titles and those were so hilarious
oh this isn't heavy enough I mean
there's another one sex weirdo the slut
that was just proof I'm probably
overthinking this puzzle is what I'm
doing it but I'm thinking yeah I'm
definitely overthinking that puzzle I
was hoping if I put two of those on it I
could keep my friend with me but
apparently I need to ditch my friend a
sorry friend I'm out of here
oh here we go boom
I'd love to hit him with this bail out
well not anymore
being sex weirdo in the slut yeah but a
lot of subtle
subtle subtle filmmaking that's right
and that episode had rich running in
with the news updates like there was
just so many weird things about that
episode that really it just set me off
it was great that's a great episode that
was a great episode that was a fine best
of the worst I'm sorry friend
I'm very sorry friend
oh you can gain even more health rate
which episode was then it was so it was
the one with Jillian and it was psycho
from Texas someone someone in the chat
link linked into that fine fine best of
the worst episode
I honestly don't it's hot you know I've
you do so many of them that it's just
hard to remember which shoe which was in
a which episode I loved you trunk well
I'm I'm happy that you enjoyed me drunk
I thought the episode turned out good I
would have been really I would have been
really upset had I ruined the episode
luckily I was able to keep it together
and J was able to cobble together my
incoherent thoughts into a usable
episode but as a professional that was
unprofessional of me oh oh sorry friend
oh thank you beefcake no can't hit her
ass rich I don't know if Cubs are
winning I think actually that was
another reason Richard didn't want a
stream tonight was if the Cubs did win
he didn't want to be rude to Cubs fans
but did you brown out it oh no I was
like I was ko he cohesive all night and
you know Josh actually lives fairly
close to me so he drove me home which we
had talked about earlier though
everything was fine and Co everything
was kosher you know everything was
kosher but I was just I was just very
very drunk and that was unprofessional
oh that's right extra nerve berg says my
favorite restaurant works was the one
with extra that was a great fine
extra was an amazing fine because it was
such it turned out to be a good to turn
out to be a good movie and who would
have guessed we would have found a good
movie
boom got your number oh nothing yet
were you unprofessional or do you just
know do you not know your profession
Touche I guess I understand my I
understand that I'm there to entertain
you and we were able to pull it together
I figured it also though it equally
could have turned out to be a disaster
if I was just too drunk to function
it could have turned out to be a
disaster we were leaning away from the
wizard because well was that leaning
away from the wizard because I was
drunker because of his scary beard it
was it was because I was drunk you can
just see me lean more and more because I
was getting more and more sleepy as I
was drinking more hey oh I need to nice
you know what it's nice that's a nice
little nice nice use of the enemy there
and a man's can you what I've always
hunted a few guys drag each other oh
well I mean that's just but III hadn't
planned on having Josh driving me home I
I was also just going to Ober if if he
you know had somewhere else to go after
that afterwards or whatnot or wasn't
willing to drive me home which is
absolutely reasonable but you know he
said he was heading almond and we live
fairly close to each other so he was he
was very nice and drove me home after
drinking so so much
what I wish I was a quiet trouble a heck
as their own personal library line of an
uber back do you guys know when you are
watching the movies which of the four of
you are going to be on camera talking
about them or is that decided when you
start filming that's decided when we
start filming like a lot of times as you
may notice there might only be four of
us there and so obviously all four of us
will be in the discussion but you know
if there's five of us or more a lot of
times we don't make the decision until
it's discussion time and then it's okay
which of the four of us have the most to
say about these movies and apparently
that's what happened for the last best
of the worst is I had asked Jay and Mike
early on whether or not I would be in
the discussion and they said oh no
probably not
Josh hasn't been on one in a while and
and I said oh yeah okay that's great
I'll just hang out and watch movies and
drink and I'll get my little quips in
while we watch the movie and then we get
to the discussion and Mike says oops I
actually have nothing to say about these
movies Jack you're in and you know I had
already started drinking so this game
looks great actually it's so far it's
this is this is a classic snus game with
a lot of Polish
do I think Obama watches best of the
worst no I think Obama I think there are
many people who enjoy making fun of bad
movies and I don't know if Obama is that
much of a movie buff I would like to
think that he watches us but he doesn't
or else he would have invited us to the
White House
maybe he's planning on it during during
the lame-duck period maybe he's planning
on it the lame-duck period is the period
in is the few month period in between
when the new president is inaugurated in
the old president is leaving office
where a president usually doesn't get
much done
for those who are not American viewers
Jack trigger joy says Jack if Trump
email due tomorrow morning and said he
was a huge fan of Arlen would you vote
for him No
no I would uh I would be flattered as
I'm flattered if anyone's a fan that
would not change my opinions of him
if you check to the mail recently
there's a there's a white house in there
right now oh I'll get rich on it I'll
get rich right on it
you strange device
all right can i that's it
Jack Obama beer summit confirmed that
would be great
push what
Code Red no no we're gonna be calm
tonight everybody's calm I can
I can't imagine I'm swang anyone's vote
at this point
you kind of know hopefully everyone
knows there's only one six more days
seven more days
that's right that's right letter media
is a hugely conservative website oh all
right so I can always just kind of
teleporting to me that's fun you're
swaying my vote towards Benadryl oh I
know I'm very sorry
the the medication the anti booger
medication is kicking in and I'm
starting to feel a little off hopefully
hopefully my my smooth tones just need
some water oh you guys need a little bit
of water can I go back here go bad look
at that pixel art that's gorgeous just
gorgeous smooth dulcet sexy tones yeah I
don't know about sexy Dulce I'll take
smooth maybe I hope Jack doesn't get too
sleepy ie
I might I might we're gonna try to go a
few hours as we usually do okay well
then we go over here nice easy easy I
get it on that one I go on that one
ah yeah actually do audiobooks I'm
available if you need me to do your to
do audio book reading totally available
I love free and that would actually give
me a great excuse just to read books can
we do that on stream just read a book
probably not that's probably against
some sort of copyright laws just to like
like for Christmas just to read the
night before Christmas on a Christmas
stream probably not right
look is just him breathing for six hours
than saying oh did you mean out loud
if I mean probably on twitch creative
maybe
what domain oh okay
that would be great that would be great
write a book every once in a while like
every every Thursday we'll just spend an
hour and read a book and you'll get like
chapter a day do you guys do read then
do you guys listen to that chapter a day
and NPR
you
um streamer got banned for watching
YouTube videos I would believe that
that's another reason again I got a
tweet the other day asking about
streaming some sort of best of the worst
live and that there is another fine
reason why we can't because you know
we'd be we'd have to deal with the
copyrights of the films we were watching
there's there is a ton of really gray
area as far as streaming is concerned
that's the way out redirects reads at
the Apple biscuit cafe where the smells
are free you don't know spend in quiz
studied the menu and finally order the
same thing he has every day I don't I
don't know what that means
Oh that'd be great read letter media
that would be beautiful I don't think
can I go back in I'm probably supposed
to leave I can only I can only assume I
am supposed to leave
we do we read and do voices for text or
for adventure games Sierra this er
adventure game so I can only imagine
if there's gonna be some sort of books
something's happening something spooky
if I had to live in another country
which would you choose in wine
I mean if I was rich Evans I would just
say Kanda because they're all
english-speaking and it's relatively
close to where I am now but if I had to
choose a fun country like I'd probably
want to hang out in Europe for a little
bit somewhere somewhere in Europe just
to get a little different
Europe's crazy close to each other and
I'd love to take like a weekend trip to
a different country in Europe
oh shit we got pirates yes and they know
crap tell me where
you're pretty sure the video game fad is
over
never
little -
oh no we're not fixing the cannon we're
gonna go warn this one is i watch rich
and Jack colored coloring books you know
like if we ever got truly truly
desperate for content we could we could
just film you know we'll just film me
organizing the Legos I have so many
Legos in my house and we much like you
know everybody who has Legos in their
house we have like organized bins with
you know different colors and sizes and
then we have the miscellaneous bin that
we just kind of clean up into and then
you know every every month or so
organize them back into their separate
colored bins and you know shaped bins
and the weapon bin and the guy Ben we
have all sorts of stuff and so if we
ever got really desperate but basically
what we would do is just have an
overhead shot of us sorting Legos for
four hours while talking about movies oh
maybe build Legos on stream all that
would be awesome yeah would be awesome
that would be fantastic a board games I
know it's just hard to get it's hard to
get four people together for a board
game I believe that the blood-borne card
game is only a two-player game so that
should be something rich and I could
play a by selves when I get that finally
I have that ready I'm sorry that I
haven't been paying attention to the
story also if anyone here is paying
attention to the story get a two people
game I have a couple two people games
and there's a couple of games that that
I have that we could play two player but
it's actually kind of difficult setting
up a board game stream and replacement
what none that I ever launched model
rockets
I never did there was a period a very
short period in which I was in the Cub
Scouts thee which is the you know early
Boy Scouts and they asked us to help
them launch model rockets and it went
really poorly and I don't think it
launched and everyone was really
disappointed and I've never been
interested in it again so that's it
does a cards against humanity' I do hate
cards against humanity'
I think it's not a game I think it's a
it's a say something awful generator
it's it's one of those party things
where if you're really
if you don't want to talk to people at
your party you you just play something
like that or apples to apples and and
you you laugh at the silly things and
for me I'd rather I'd much rather either
play a game where there are clear
winners and losers or just talk to
people we can say offensive things all
on our own we don't need cards to give
us offensive things to say or play a
game that actually has like strategy and
rules and stuff
you
like her hand I disagree with it but I
agree the statement I'm not saying you
can't have fun while you play you you
get the cards and they say awful things
and everyone laughs and it's you know
but I would I would it to me it lies in
that middle area of not really a game
it's you know like a party game right
it's a party game
you can't find any joy in those guy and
that really seemed like something even
like something like beer pong that's
fine there's an objective or flip Cup
did you guys ever play flip cup that was
one of my favorite drinking games you
put it a little bit of beer and a
plastic cup and y'all line up at a table
there's two teams on either side of a
table and you have to you know chug the
beer and then flip your cup over by
smacking it and flow having a flip in
the air that's my kind of game cards
against humanity' is a good game to play
with my prudish parents for
uncomfortable after sure sure I'm with
you I I understand why people play it
it's just not my type of thing
look up is the Bondi reminds that I used
to play to be to write like again you
know where it's like it's that that has
a purpose like hey we are going to play
a little game and also get drunk
obviously I don't play it anymore
because I'm an adult but no friend my
very spirit says my girlfriend's parents
and grandmother played it with us cards
against humanity' it was super
uncomfortable when my GAO's mother said
to the card about roadhead so that's
what they call it right like I get it I
mean maybe it's it's because I'm I'm
from a really crude family you know like
the game that we would play whenever we
went out when I was growing up and like
you know my mom would take us out was
just let's try to embarrass each other
the most and so like it could just be
that because I'm from such a crude
family to begin with it doesn't it
doesn't do much for me but oh there's a
Buccaneer shop
goddamn beautiful in blue window but
but the frisbee Frick
you
Oh need to learn how to do magic that
gathering you know any of those card
games if you've ever played deck
building games I'm sure it's easy
actually with with my eight year old we
got a bunch of pokemon cards someone
sent us since and rich and I a bunch of
Pokemon cards and a little excuse me
video cassette on how to play the
Pokemon collectible card game and we
finally figured it out the other day and
so we played our late my first game of
the Pokemon collectible card game and it
was interesting it was interesting it's
I'm not super down with stuff like
Pokemon or like Magic the Gathering
because to me they skew to play to
wither pay to win games where it's not
necessarily about the the deck that you
can build it's about the hand that you
can draw from the deck you can build and
you can stack your deck with certain
cards where I really like deck building
games where everyone has the same pool
of cards to draw from
you have to like build your hand that
way video soon to appear on we all the
words rich and I might be doing
something with it
they still owes a pokemon cards are
still huge pokemon cards are huge but no
rich didn't love the pokemon cards but
my my children have enjoyed them very
much oh yeah we got to play the card
game it's interesting there's something
like there's some neat strategy to be
had much like any deck building game but
oh there's a happy little dinosaur thing
here
yeah and one of the half in the bag
episodes you said you're playing cards
during one of the Star Wars prequels to
Jake and Jake called you a nerd what
card game did you play because that
might have been you might be getting
your wires crossed gobbledygook when I
when I we went to go see the Lord when
we went to go see the Lord of the Rings
we went to like a midnight showing of
Lord of the Rings and a bunch of friends
and I played a card game called Loretto
which is like a kind of a slap
fast-paced card game and so we were
waiting four hours to see like Return of
the King
after marathoning the first two extended
editions and then we played a card game
while waiting to see Return of the King
so I think that might be what you're
what you're talking about
cinnamon yes it was Lord of the Rings
films great I was it
but it's called Loreto and it's a R it
was kind of like a what he called like a
slap card game where we have to like
slap down cards fast and yes I haven't
heard I am a super nerd we we marathon
to the extended editions of Fellowship
of the Ring and the two towers and then
we sat in line for two hours to watch
Return of the King in the theatres and
we played card games while waiting and
we are nerds wolf man half wolf man has
nards
oh cool okay
this stuff there's stuff there's
upgrades to be had excellent excellent
this is a jack only stream welcome jack
adieu my cousin that's exactly what my
cousin did almost vibin it's it's
possible jyggalag button if i was your
cousin I'm going to guess we would know
that it's like twelve hours of Lord of
the Rings yeah it was a long day but
when your nerds
jadoo is Jack drunk no no Jack is so
good at Jack is sick and anti mucolytic
ation and get out of here going oh I'm a
little I might be a little off
but not drunk way no Boyd's not drunk
you probably take a little break from
drinking just cuz that's nice when
you're sick favorite Michael Jackson
music videos besides thriller - remember
at the time that's a good one
the way the way she moves is shockingly
creepy on rewatch it's it's basically
like Michael Jackson harassing a young
girl and so I think that's a funny video
watching it in hindsight where it's just
like there's just like an attractive
woman watching walking down the street
and Michael Jackson and a group of
hooligans starts verbally harassing her
so that's a great one
the wake make me feel and you know the
young girl obviously like wasn't scared
at all because it's Michael Jackson but
I sometimes get stupid and decided to
drink while sick I don't recommend
develop right yeah I got it I got to
take a little break until I get how I'm
telling it healthy again all those
videos like like rewatch Michael
Jackson's bad some time and just enjoy
that he really thought that he was super
hardcore to Michael Jackson like him and
bad was was like he was a gangster it's
hilarious it's just hilarious
there's an entire generation that never
got to enjoy Michael Jackson without the
creepiness of Michael Jackson that's
true that's true I got I got a I was
lucky
that's Jan you know what dreamer TK
maybe right maybe I am sick because I
drank too much so now we're just gonna
take a little drink break active sleep
little drink black break so I can get my
ELF Mac
pink don't know what my goal is at the
moment but I'm gonna keep following
these little rings until I hit something
important that's fine that's fine I
don't want to do whatever you were doing
anyway it was edgy for the eighties I
don't believe that I really don't I I
enjoy I enjoy I've Michael Jackson's
music but no I don't think he was ever
edgy like I said if you watch that bad
fat music video it's it's what it's what
a musical nerd thinks is cool yeah but
all the bad guys are like doing sweet
dance moves that's how you know they're
bad I'm on the owl temple right now I'm
on the right track oh great ah please
don't hurt me
Prince or MJ
if I have to choose only one it would be
my it would be Prince
I think they're both great but if you
have to choose eita prints or Michael
Jackson you're going to go prints I'm
going to go for it
that's just me please return them to
buccaneer eShop oh okay great
dingdong man ding-dong this was kind of
dig listen I'm both of them both prints
and Michael Jackson had their
eccentricities but judging purely music
alone and I was like that's that's a
super tough call but I don't know Prince
Prince has a bigger library I could I
can listen to that more often
a dream bomber says if you have any dev
questions I did level design one of our
programmers is lurking and fixing bugs
right now awesome Adrian Adrian Bauer
I'm gonna trust you because you've told
me I'm on the right path
Adrian Bauer in chat says you did level
design on alloy so if anyone has any
questions Adrian talk now if I run into
any bugs we're all gonna blame you
Adrian so way to go and if I have any
questions you're the first person I'm
going to those leave prints could
release a new album a year for like 75
years that's the other thing is that the
prints vault is now going to slowly be
opened and we will just get new weird
prints music or eternity and I think
that's great
what do I think of Bob Dylan I have no
strong feelings about Bob Dylan I'm very
sorry Jack trigger Joyce I I haven't
heard much of his music and I don't but
what I have heard I don't necessarily
care about I know some people have very
strong feelings about Bob Dylan Hey
and I am NOT one of them people if you
are you know congratulations more power
to you I never you know he's one of
those artists hello hello okay
and our secret little Aereo son you know
what you're so here's the fun part now
that I found a secret that one rock I
can go through I have to now go and
check every single rock to see what
rocks I can slip through because that's
the kind of person I am I saw it right
there was a like a treasure
hey come here there was a treasure chest
over here but now I'm just going to be
rubbing myself against rocks I'm not
saying it's your fault Adrian just
warning everyone that that's what my
plan is
okay
no no rock rubbing over here
okay finding Dory is bottom tier picks
up oh my god did you guys see finding
dory it is awful it might be it might be
my least favorite Pixar movie even
including cars - in that mix what a
terrible movie finding Dory was Oh Shane
up against rocks oh hello the our temper
burst of the great tempest here the Owls
learned how to control the elements and
change the natural order by the end of
the first d harn they had mastered water
aiya and to win of course i went to go
see finding Dory I'm a father I take my
children to see animated movies and we
liked Finding Nemo finding Dory
is terrible and their work here revealed
to them the existence of the higher
mysteries so says the book of knocked a
GN mystery I'm sorry if you like that
Terrigen I did not like finding dory I
thought it was I thought it was a super
pointless I thought it was really bad
and I've seen a lot of bad kids movies
then within their own like you know cars
I am a cars defender cars one a cars two
is terrible but I can defend I have
there are defenses for cars one and see
like good dinosaur I would put that as
like as cute fine right takes three
months for Jack to go seeking appeal
yeah yeah that's true i I did not I did
not see the key and Peele movie until it
came to video on demand but then I did
and it was good
same thing with pop star and then I did
and it was good
why was it bad it didn't it so it
focused the movie focused on character
traits that were more kind of jokes in
the first movie you know Dory's talking
to whales like the giver
we ever curious on the back story of why
dory could talk to whales answer's no no
you are not curious about why dory could
talk to whales but this oh shit sorry
buddy my friend this is where I want to
go through but that was like a major
plot point finding dory
pink pink I feel like I should be going
this way but it okay
make your friend oh can make your friend
nope stop it
yeah Kiana was good Mikey Anna was fine
like if you if you enjoy Kim peels
comedy style
I think Keanu is a fine movie it did
also have its issue oh that's right
that's where we met we met friend Oh
friend oh man I it also had its issues
it had a lot of like payoff that wasn't
necessarily set up well but it also had
a lot of good funny oh yeah where
hold on we're gonna find our way
somewhere I hope we'll see ya Mikey dude
oh oh I think I need to go back to the
anything we'll go back to the dude and
that's what the dude who's telling me a
story was great
they can't go that way
hey oh hey more more ringy thingies out
oh sorry
sorry friend Oh
they heard to my friend oh there yeah we
will eat something
I will eat something and make you feel
better friend Oh what did I think of
Mike and Dave need wedding day get side
I mean of course I loved it
no and not alright cannot fly in a
waterfall good to know for those of you
who don't know my cousin and best friend
Oh Jake Szymanski directed mike and dave
need wedding dates and I find that movie
to be 100% hilarious mostly because my
cousin and I share the exact same sense
of humor Oh friend come back
back you are dropping frames at all the
stream seems to be buffering a lot
sorry beefcake you can go explore the
more snackers in rock drumming oh I
didn't see it I thought I needed to go
back and talk to this person because of
the little guy I said that I alone okay
we get ahead that's great okay I get a
happened well now I gotta go back to
that previous area to find out where to
go
yeah collects potty humor I do like body
where you know what I'm gonna I'm gonna
oh wait we're not equipped that I don't
want the Hannah I'll be honest with you
I want to have them
how do I take the head off and I take
the head off
I cannot unequip a hat I guess that's
fine I just don't want the head out all
right come on friend oh let's go knave
right hand nobody cares
that's what's of oh hello hello friend
oh oh I already found him
great great I mean oh where was I
this way all right let's rock let's rock
and roll
okay so this one I was on the right path
somewhere and I just need to find out
possibly via rock rubbing where to go
hmm
but that way I feel
oh well you know obviously down here
looks like an obvious way to go but it's
not a rock rubbing or rock rubbing we're
here is this
we didn't check all the sides
oh oh there's a little hole in the
clouds there was a hole in the clouds
that's where you go
probably should have seen that
robably should have seen the hole in the
clouds oh I need to be careful or else
they take away my pro gaming status hey
that rocks fish and nope okay I really
hope they remake spawn do you though is
that what you're hoping for that they
remake spawn think about that don't you
friend does the world need a spawn movie
I don't know maybe the answers I don't
know maybe
I'm okay with any movie as long as Oh
Robin on rocks you tricky game
developers gonna be rubbing on all sorts
of rocks
oh and a mover oh really
okay it was already like a mini-boss
kind of thing I don't know if they're
like I can only assume there are bosses
in this game I mean it's a snez classic
there's gotta be bosses
you stand for their friend oh and we say
to remake clown oh my god the amount of
comments that is on that video in that
Jay got on his Twitter about people not
understanding that we were joking about
the director of clown on the last best
the worse we made this little joke about
directing movies about killer clowns and
how if you direct a movie about a killer
clown your career doesn't go anywhere
and apparently people did not understand
that we were like people did not
understand G wink that we were joking
because the director of clown
is directing spider-man homecoming so
people were really insistent like make
sure Jay knows that the director of
clown is directing spider-man homecoming
that's a really big deal and that that's
what we call a joke buttoned like it's
not like we did anything silly like I
don't know look directly into the camera
after we said that joke that might have
been too obvious I will rock firown'
dink
I'm onto you I'm onto you
but faster I'm not on benadryl I'm on
mucinex D which it doesn't make any drew
it makes me a little drowsy eight more
makes me just like loopy and you know
luckily I have plenty of practice
drinking so you know
aha I get this puzzle boom yes I did see
that Tiberius Kirk the Warner Brothers
DC DC extended universe has lost hope
for the flash movie has lost its second
director and I'm not what's it called
when you take joy from other people's
pain shouting Friday I will try not to
experience too much schadenfreude as you
guys know I think that the DC movies are
terrible but obviously I'm feeling a
little joy knowing that there they are
going to have a hard time get out of
here moly boom boom my doodle all right
or it was remember to drink tons of
water I am in fact I'm I'm gonna take a
small break I'm gonna refill my water
jug and stand up and walk around so I
will be back shortly
old oz for one moment
you
you monsters saying how can a guy who
took tons of drugs it has youth to get
high on mucinex it's because I no longer
do drugs
give me Allen boy there we go
and so and I don't I don't often take
you know I barely take tylenol when I
get a headache I don't often take
medication just because I like it to be
effective when I need it so me just
taking the eunuchs to begin with is a
it's a rare occasion but some good
intermission music it's too late we're
already back already
oh that's right I forgot how to deal
with you lard
now I'm a member I'm a member all the
things yes for those who want have
yourself a snack let's all go to the
kitchen that film was a nameless mess
the problem of TCE use they don't
embrace the source material DC isn't
inherently corny and idealistic that's
what people love about it the WB execs
found that aspect embarrassing because
they don't understand the Romanticism
yeah well and you know like we've talked
about before yeah I think it's really
important to Warner Brothers that they
are that they are stylistically they are
stylistically different from Marvel
movies and so you know that was part of
a sales pitch for them as the darker
tone means that their movies look
different than the Marvel movies I think
that's dumb idea I think a lot of people
think that's a dumb idea and I think
that's why their movies aren't hitting
the marks especially with critics but
oh that's right not a good thing well
Clark
bastards are tough boom boom the DC guys
want to yes man you know yeah they want
they want someone who's going to listen
to them and someone who is going to
listen to all of their little notes but
who also has a visual style that's very
different from the Marvel Universe's
which is why they have Zack Snyder and
for some reason his I'm sorry there's a
tiny fish with a top hat I'm sorry um if
you all excuse me for just one moment
there is a tiny fish with a top hat and
I need to talk to this tiny fish with a
top hat oh but all he says is afternoon
sir
and I am okay with this I am absolutely
okay with that my favorite superhero
spider-man Federman
the ever underdog no doubt about it
Piderman is my favorite he's the most
relatable I mean to me especially when I
started reading them you know
ak is slowly getting his acid I was for
a moment but now I'm fine
everything's fine now any more of those
things come out of the woodwork
oh my tell us my friend then it might be
a little tougher things fine spikes
my friend swim
maybe now you eat errantly I need that
cloud sorry friend
alright friend oh all of my friend owes
I will faster yeah we go
bait
I'm with McCloud oh I can't bring it
with me build this pool cloud I felt
this pool
it has fill all the pools I Becca how do
you like this not quite a platformer so
far Hans I think it's I think it's fine
I think it's fantastic I think it's
exactly what I was expecting it to be
which is a loving homage to the
platformers of old and as someone who is
a big fan of these types of games it's
just what I was expecting
obviously I'm not very far into it
you should make any loving things you
didn't know about Bucky's arm video I I
got a little obsessed with Bucky's
Bucky's non vibranium arm and
okay it's my man
dad oh sorry friend oh they're on my
throne my friend against the wall a no
big deal no big deal but you stay here
you come with me
Oh
oh-oh-oh
truck it Adam go faster
what did you concede about puck exam
there was no the the concede was that
the shot was weird is the shot made it
seemed a shot made it seemed like the
ring was reacting to Bucky's arm when in
actuality it was probably just the
strength of Bucky's our of Bucky's arms
surprised to Chawla but it was not the
the best shot of that
oh crap so it was my assumption that the
arm was vibranium because of that job
but apparently it was just supposed to
portray that that T'Challa was taken
aback by the strength of the arm which
really doesn't make much sense though
because he had already fought the Winter
Soldier you know you know you know what
I'm saying I mean you get to get one you
get one wrong with this it doesn't make
much sense
whoa what first lost of instead of right
back down killing all the goobers
if you throw him and keep spin kicking
him I don't want to juggle my best
friend he's my friend oh he shoots the
things for me I'm actually really sad
when I drop my friend I know it doesn't
really air doesn't hurt him in game but
I'm sad about it
what are you guys talking about CG
animators no I think I think that was um
that was all tougher or not tougher
brothers
duffer brothers who directed who
directed a Civil War
remind me please Jack your friend stated
that was all now deaf her brother's is
stranger things
Russo brothers whoever directed Civil
War they they're the ones who composed
that shot poorly and yeah duffer oh okay
machine kill all the fire monsters would
buy fire monsters goodbye wait so Jack
is lagging at least two minutes from the
chat am i the brothers who did it who
did it
Rousso thank you thank you Jeff
Larry soul brothers because they just
you know composed an action scene poorly
which obviously happens well set settle
vines self here hang here friend Oh
yeah go get my cloud there go get my
visit fizzle out nope nope okay never
mind
Oh
spotty sparkly up there oh shit guys we
are getting into super spooks territory
ranger things directors apparently
helming the uncharted film oh well you
actually now I'm sure he'll be fine
well looks like I know those are fine
they do find that whatever they make but
I just how useless is an uncharted film
or they don't like the series yy-you
do I get
little bomb bro back here maybe I can
take the bomb bro with me no bomb bro
come with me
they ever made here nope
you're differently like am i lagging
behind the game or just the chat if I'm
lagging behind the chat we can deal with
that the question the big question is if
like I'm lagging behind the game so I
just picked up a bomb for a second time
just a minute ago it's a second ago and
now I'm throwing it and I blew myself up
oh yeah it's super spoopy find schmoopy
games all over the book
ah my eye
it's fairly not going to be based in the
game at all they're just talking it up
as a nun Samba like oh well that could
be fun
you know like if if making an uncharted
movie is just an excuse to make you know
an adventure movie I guess that's fine
probably barking up the wrong alley here
but you know there's this treasure here
and I wants it I'm thinking oh maybe
it's oh this is it right here look look
the crack right here the crack right
here that's your final game okay great
okay that's where I need to throw the
bomb I wants the treasure we're gonna
get the treasure we just got to throw
the bomb in the right place
ah or I'm gonna die trying apparently
wanna go see if I can find some fruit
let's see if I can find some fruit
so I'm unsure as to why the bomb blows
up sometimes and that all the times
now your putz dumb pots all right I'm
trying it again I'm doing it again
don't know if this is a right call
Ocean's eleven plus Indiana Jones yeah
yeah I guess that could be fun
like if they're gonna if they're gonna
use the Uncharted name to make that
movie yeah I guess I can get behind that
oh if I come back right here I'm good
I'm just gonna try this again I don't I
think I think I'm really on the wrong
path here how those guys respond my
friend you're gonna drowned
oh you know what I'm not using my -
that's what it is I got a - I got me I
got me further
we died once I think I might be on the
wrong path you know if you kind of if
you look up at the edges at this secret
it kind of looks like the area to the
right is open so I'm thinking to myself
oh if I can get the bomb here because if
you see the crack here and the crack
here looks like this is a hidden wall
but I could be incredibly wrong
incredibly oh maybe it do I if I spin to
it throw it further
oh all right I'm gonna oh we have a good
night Lloyd beets thanks for coming out
I will do my best to feel better
well now I gotta try at least one more
time just picked up a six-pack at
Christmas beer even though it's 70
degrees out that's crazy man I guess
it's time though wait it explodes when I
let go wait a minute I'm not
understanding this bomb thing I'm not
fully understanding the bomb thing it
only explodes when I let go hold on
we're gonna we're gonna figure this out
we're gonna figure this out
what I am for mine nice of you guys to
do this dream that hey you know thank
you for coming by this it's a game I
wanted to play and with rich with rich
watching baseball tonight he can't
object to whatever game I feel like
playing let it down here and then okay I
think I have a plan I have an official
plan
nope I almost had that time great all
right we can do this we can do this we
can do this we can do this
Oh nope I'm no longer blowing myself up
though so I feel like we're making
progress and that all any of us are
looking for well apparently I've spoken
far too soon great rich made the right
choice this game is insane that's fun
I'm obviously on the wrong track so
we're gonna just try a couple more times
because I'm an insane person and this is
what we do oh okay I nailed it I had the
time perfect that is obviously not a
blow-up wall so there's a different way
to get into this wall fine we know for
sure now and that's all that matters I
needed to hit that perfectly to convince
myself that I was on the wrong path
everything is fine now everything is
fine now
a lot of pops in here I don't quite
understand well there's so many pups in
here but it's fine here I'm sure there's
an easier way to do that than it doesn't
involve a bomb well like I said I wanted
to see because bombs blow up stuff like
that and I wanted to see if I just
wanted to see if it could have been
blown up and I don't I don't think it
can be
I know I'm done already I'm done already
beefcake everything's fine except for
now hit a new snag now we've hit a
different snag
Mike's drop a pot oh oh hello all right
fill the pot with water
and there we go okay there we go
hey guys did you know bombs blow stuff
up it's true I've heard that about bombs
they blow stuff up all the time
water it works other stuff okay great
Oh Skellington
there are Skellington bones I'm not in
control
oh I just got I just got hit with a man
no one was talking why I just got hit
with a with a brain wave because of the
music thanks oh hold on I gotta I gotta
ride this out
almost have poor eyesight but they've
got crazy hearing out of fly
well I like this look at these super
creepy gnomes oh and I accidentally Oh
what what
did you see that the gnomes eat you that
was adorable adorable it's really tough
not to fly which is obviously the point
of this level button there's so much
time flying didn't hear thing don't meet
in here thing
nothing nothing nothing knows if you
about the auto pipeline and standing
right because politics um you know I'd
know very little about it I've heard
that it's a pipeline and there convey
they're concerned about environmental
damage and someone's pushing it through
after a different group of people got it
to not go through their neighborhood I
don't know I don't know enough about it
I'm sorry I can't get political because
I don't know enough about it I would
love to get political but I heard it's
bad and and that's all I know about it
pipeline bad because oil but need oil
but alternative energy but business
that's my whole thoughts on the
situation
the master yes this game is cute some
might even go as far as to say it's
adorable some like me to find this game
to be adorable how Steve coming I've
given thief another try and I've been
trying not to use those mods that you
guys mentioned to change the field of
view slider and it didn't seem to do
much so I think thief is on permanent
hiatus until I can figure out how to not
get sick while playing it unfortunately
I know right I mean rich is gonna play
it no matter what rich really wants me
to play it he really wants to do an
episode about it and I don't know I just
don't know if we will because it makes
me sick it literally makes me sick
yeah but don't get start talk about
ethics you'll get a ton of down fast
when you upload to you oh I don't care
oh I just told you what
boats adorbs oil is very easy to extract
energy from also a finite resource if
only there was a better way
I mean I need a motherfucking cloud up
in here where my clouds at from the
front to back
oh hello oh there's a cloud a cloud I
need you under that cloud get there
that cloud always there oh oh gosh gosh
just gosh darn it you know what I'm not
loving those bombs well that's just cuz
I'm very bad at them Oh give me a cloud
oh wait not yet cloud I plug up dad
and I know what's up I'm down I'm down
with the sickness
altameyer I am too and I can you know
after I'm sick of politics as well it's
just a there's a ton of talk and a lot
of it is just not very helpful and you
know next week it's over we got it we
just gotta make it a week that's it
we can do that we can make it a week I
believe in us
I'm friend
Nexxus thief makes him sick so harsh on
older games absolutely it won't be over
oh god no it needs to be over
it'll be over they'll still be
complaining but it'll be easier that
it'll be easier to shut out the
complaining after after you know that
next Tuesday
gettin close we're getting close is
getting Thank You freelance those bombs
blow up that's just the advice that I
needed thank you
wait you think I get to fight pirates
that's gonna be exciting have I ever
been to Disneyland not not in a very
long time I think I went last time I
went like I think when I was eight their
world whichever one is in Florida and I
didn't much care for it and I haven't
taken my kids there because I don't like
large crowds of people and didn't close
spaces so and they're they're just not
old enough to like fully get like the
money out of Disneyland yet and so we
haven't gone yet I hope I hope we don't
I'd much rather go to someplace like
Universal Studios or Legoland again we
was a Legoland laughs that was fun but
if it ends up like the bush and gore
fiasco um I think it's more easily
remedied I think part of the part of the
issue with the bush-gore Fiasco was that
if it would have really come down to it
at the time Gore because he was vice
president wasn't it something weird
where if it came down to a vote and that
vote was tied which was very likely to
be the case the decision would literally
be up to Al Gore and he decided not to
do that because he didn't want to like
because he didn't want to oh I figured
out your game I figured out your game
game like he wanted to put him into it
so he could you know I sure in the
president or whatever
I don't know it could be a push Gore
Fiasco popular vote versus electoral
college yeah who knows who knows it
could get crazy with it I hope it
doesn't I hope it's a decisive victory
that would make it easy
Oh creep Oh creep he's not so much Jack
I don't I don't remember exactly that
was what that was what how many years
ago that was how many years ago
I said what I remember what I remember
it is there's there's some sort of
situation where like gore would have
ended up having to make the final
decision as far as like who really won
and if he did that there's no way the
American people could ever trust him no
I was overthinking that nobody think of
that
well boom all right there right now I
got he was Speaker of the House that's
what it was Thank You salesman it was
Speaker of the House and and so if if
the vote would have gone to the house
and there was gridlock there which was
likely he would have a deciding there
was something you know what there was
something oh I remember
and it ain't much that's all I remember
let's just hope for a decisive victory
no matter who you're voting for let's
hope for a decisive victory is then it
can be put to rest
I love these pirates I love the look of
these pirates
next topic
agreed next topic is I don't know what
else we got we don't have much what
happened this week what happened this
week in nerd news we already talked
about everything else all he was asked
to speak area core was listen someone
people know was president of the Senate
I don't listen
how many times if I said I don't really
know I don't really remember him like so
many times everybody you know what's
right don't listen to me about that
someone bring up something else we have
something else in the jab how about this
weather
Rich's bachelor party I don't I I don't
know we don't have a date with a
bachelor party
eat Orie did you ever get around to that
I've never no I have not gotten around
to listening to hunky dory
Doctor Strange is coming out this
weekend and i am in general excited
about Doctor Strange more so because I
know very little about Doctor Strange
and so I'm excited because it's a
property I know very little about so I
can be surprised and not not bring my
prior expectations into the movie-going
experience like I would for most Marvel
movies I can just enjoy a little Doctor
Strange
I favor it like a whoa trippy movie I
don't know exactly the answer to that
I'm sorry I'm very very sorry they're
each enza's huzzah jack solo streams are
relaxing also come back to California
soon I do enjoy California all of my
trips to California have been Pleasant
as for topics huh what's your least
favorite pokemons my least favorite type
is fighting it just has too many it
doesn't do enough damage to other types
and it like it's so easily taken out by
psychic types I've never been big on
fighting-type pokémon
oh I got a new buddy I am keeping up
with the flash this season I haven't
watched
oh no this ups this week's episode
hasn't come on yet I'm keeping up with
the flash I've been keeping up with the
arrow and I'm keeping up with Supergirl
so far so good
on all fronts oh all right
but it's got burned stuff OOP
nice okay so we're getting a little
we're getting a little metro ready here
cycle between power-ups nice quite
understand how that works but I suppose
I'll learn no thoughts on Pink Floyd's
the wall film I've seen it but Wow
okay so that can't explode things that
guess what I'm eating starts of the P
ends with a nine Apple Itza doesn't
matter cuz it's probably gross how about
that how about then megawatt yes this is
oh boy that's exactly what this is it's
a game called owl boy it was apparently
made by a small team over the past seven
years or so and it has come out recently
and I'm enjoying it because it's an
old-school side-scrolling Metroid like
it burn burn burn all you motherfuckers
burn
I shoot you know
I will burn burn
I like burning things do I need to burn
him probably not
am I gonna anyway yeah burn all the
thing burn all the things I can back
even yeah we can definitely burn all
things that's the important part
what can we burn oh that's right this
thing I get into you
and I get into you now is the question
probably not I probably can't get men
here nope haven't made it around to more
Westworld I've had a I had a surprise
work a surprise edit work influx
recently so unfortunately I haven't had
time for a lot of extracurricular
watchings of things and that includes
West worlds which in general I'm looking
forward to watching I just haven't
gotten around to it
I've been here before yes I have I
definitely don't want to leave the I
want to leave the dungeon without
getting that thing you know you're like
I need a thing now I have a guy with a
new power and I can't get that
yes check like apparently it all it took
almost 12 May that's exactly what we're
saying settle we're also saying settle
down
oh I want that thing how do you suppose
we get that thing
we're gonna figure this out or we're
gonna die or we're gonna die in a fire
mostly we're gonna die in a fire
great Oh oh I owe you something
I trained your chest I don't know why we
got a treasure chest
we're gonna i-ight it's hard for me to
believe that this shiny glowy thing is
here and I can't get to it that's that's
a very very upsetting to me
I guess I'm gonna have to believe it
because it seems to be unreachable I
want to help Jack because he's done
almost everything oh that's right
Adrian Bauer is in chat a level designer
for this game Adrian I will stay I will
stay shushed yes I guess stay shift but
I want I just want I want to know if I'm
on the right path even like I feel it
has something to do with the bombs
I will stay show but I would like I want
to get it before I leave and I think I'm
about to leave that's really in what I
think you're really overthinking the
wall thing possibly that's possible
Oh Oh
I just figured look I spent so much time
flying around that I didn't check
underground holy crap holy crap we just
did it and now I'm gonna die over here
and now I can't shoot at these guys
because my friend
come on I accidentally found it excited
about that you need a bigger bomb wad
cutter we don't have time for that kind
of sass all right we don't have time
we did I did it I did it Adrienne thank
you for not thank you for not spoiling
man that was better to find on my own
that must have taken every fiber you
know when you know a secret like that
not to tell someone all right here we go
now we got
oh-oh-oh I cheated oh no no okay
but Oh
oh man am I at dummy you can hit that
you can hit these things oh man
sometimes sometimes Jack's just a big
old dummy and that's okay we all make
mistakes
oh no did I need that too Oh No
there we go
everything is fine now
and everything's fine now we're gonna
get to the secret middle ah that Samurai
Jack you're a big fool I am a big fool
man Amaya Demi sometimes I did it though
and isn't that what's important find me
see what once was and what became our
fragile dreams oh oh that's me
great I got a thing I got a thing and
I'm happy about getting a thing
apparently the spin shot can cancel out
bullets I did not know that I'm sure
that was taught to me at some point and
I skipped it because uh live on the
stream so you know wanted to get moving
there's some other dumb reason but hey
we're here we're here now everything's
great
that's right we all did it we all did it
together
hehe
burn burn burn burn everybody burned
and burn burn all the things Oh a dump
our nose we can eat those
that was intense to watch great
well hey hopefully you guys had a good
time hopefully we learned a little
lesson
what's the lesson hug all the walls hug
all the walls because Adrian likes to
hide stuff in them there's something
down here
maybe am I just gonna fall to my death
I was probably supposed to go up oh but
I went down No
I have no idea where I am
have I been here before maybe
oh right okay everything's fine I'm not
too far away from our wives everything's
fine everything's fine now
are you mister I don't need you yeah
rock throwing goblins rock throw AB ones
and you do you think you is
we'll put all these rock goblins in here
Adrian walls I her friends hug them
every day I Hey darn
that was me looking at the chat and not
paying attention that's what that was
nothing else nothing to see here
good old Jack not paying attention like
oh hello i all right back to it
take on all the walls second you and I'm
taking you
okay great great need all the Fruities
there was another little secret in there
that I did not get
but perhaps I can get it later
boom boom
all right that's fine
well the man now dog I saw the other
secret but I couldn't see uneasy I
couldn't see a way to get it so I
decided that maybe if I went further and
a lot alike I get it kind of like that
other secret how I went further in the
little and we can double back to the
secret but apparently it shut me out so
I'm effed there's a whole secret that
I'm never gonna get sniffling oh sorry
I'm sorry if this upsets you Adrian
normally I would read it all but because
I'm streaming kind of keep it moving
trying to keep the gameplay going I'm
sure people would actually like the
story if rich was here he would insist I
would read all the story I'm just a
different kind of gamer checking all the
walls you know you know kind of gamer
I'm the one that checks all the walls
see like like this shady I know I'm
supposed to go up there but I got to
check the walls first someone has taught
me to check all the walls okay now we
can go
this game looks great how does it play
it plays exactly how you think it would
it plays like an old-school platformer
except for you can fly because you're a
lowboy so it feels it feels really nice
controls feel tight and responsive you
can you have your little friends that
you carry around and do stuff for you
nice things nice wait I didn't check the
ceiling here okay ceiling is good Rick
rich is busy watching a baseballs game
apparently something is baseball
tonight and rich wanted to watch all the
balls be based so which is fair that's
that's his prerogative
like is the kind of game that just wants
to shoot everything is true I do always
rubbing walls oh crap running away I
shoot you know
ah
okay
now we're getting to a part where we
need to switch rapidly back and forth
between characters and it's working ish
working ish
in tents
guarantees the right time
Elda gook says I have a pen I have an
Apple Apple pen
I have a pen I have a pineapple
pineapple pen apple and pineapple pen
pen pineapple apple pen and buy an Apple
Apple pen go cups okay I don't know what
that means I'm sure it's some sort of
in-joke perhaps a mean joke
you
you
you
you
maybe a yurt what what I hear it I eat
all the things on fire
I tell the bangs on ah that is what I
want to do light all the things on fire
okay that's art everybody look at this
art just fucking beautiful
it's fear it was supposed to be a tongue
twister I have a band I have an apple ah
Apple pen I have a pen I have pineapple
pineapple pineapple pineapple pen a pen
pineapple apple pen pen pineapple apple
pen go cups I don't know if that is a
tongue twister I probably wasn't doing
it very fast but to me that does not
seem like a tongue twister hold on
people got a rub on some walls
Robin Robin walls
Robin Robin rub on the walls pineapple
pen not pineapple pizza
obviously for obvious reasons cuz
pineapple pizza is gross
i I have I have lost my rich
I've lost my rich to baseball's
baseball's all the baseballs
baseball's
rubber walls oh hello hello pretty
okay
look at that fucking look at that
that's a gorgeous I can't go this way
what what and just grab stuff and eat it
I'm gonna do it
grabbing
pretty
well up here now great I think we've
lost the track chance the baseball's
that's possible I know many people like
the baseball's much like rich Evans he
likes the baseball's that's why he's not
here tonight so for those of you who
don't watch the baseball's thanks for
coming by thanks for coming by this is
what I was gonna do tonight no matter
what so I'm glad there's someone here
with me for us non baseballers
that go back the waterfall is gone you
can fly and get the secret now I don't
think I can go back I keep flying out
man and keep flying up see what happens
in kind of creepy
oh my god they're like these elf guys
with giant cannons this is great
oh man that guy's a dick all right you
know what I'm getting into the story now
we had to shut down a thing it was
already shut down Allah boys Newt
everyone's a dick except for our good
friend who shoots the stuff great
that it Cubs win I'm seeing in the chat
that the Cubs have won congratulations
to all of you Cubs fans
hooray hurrah the Cubs have won no more
goat curse how many people how many
Chicago fans
how many Cubs fans do you think actually
bought a goat and like sacrificed a goat
I wonder how many do you think killed a
goat I'm guessing at least 10 if not
more just kill the goat in hopes that
the Cubs would weigh at least 10
more than 0 quite possibly quite
possibly all right that's gonna be it
for me tonight
I'm going to switch over to my watcher
here
and I'm going to read the name
before I do that
tip alerter okay no new tips great
caller rich heavens I'm I will not call
rich Evans I will now read the names of
all the people who have subscribed to
previously recorded live
during the stream
much like Pro Elite who has subscribed
to us for three months now huggy snuggle
who has subscribed for 16 months in a
row huggy snuggle says hugs
snugs and cuddle hugs gobbledygook hsihu
has subscribed to us for 27 fucking
months in a row cough the coke says lol
fuck half my cock Gaming Lich Braden
23 the dude for 1944 has subscribed to
us for twenty two fucking months in a
row
pineapple Yeti pineapple Yeti says six
give us moon for 14 months in a row sin
gates the second split atom split Adams
has three months holy fuck I sit and
watch this crap you should give me $4.99
well too bad split atoms
or not whatever thank you thank you all
for subscribing we really appreciate it
we really do we will be back on Sunday
hopefully rich won't be too curmudgeonly
because the Cubs win
why is my voice ellsbury right now I'm
on medication I'm a little ill and I've
been streaming for a while so my voice
is a little hoarse
so we're extra sold a Goku
congratulations cups
