Jul 13, 2016
Pokemon GO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHjVtnYrFMo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/753229691608326145
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/753342559078854656

Retin time for having big lips in the
drive-bys you can't his shit let's fill
it up doors folks helmet hot does it's
great you can't hear anything
I just got an onyx rich why didn't you
wait to show people and explain what
catching and what wasn't onyx hey
everybody played pokemon gold because
and jack has already obsessed with
catching pokémon we haven't even
started yet he's not gonna explain
anything cuz he's just throwing a dice
throw it as pokeballs out I got my
pokeballs Oh God
hey we're streaming hey thank you hey by
the way this is a nice hat because we're
gonna be walking out in the Sun and I'm
a pale person so this is my big floppy
outdoor hat alright alright we ready
we're ready do this let's go catch the
ball game on Oh God all right so what
does Pokemon go Jack huh let's assume
that that some of the 2% of people who
haven't played Pokemon go are watching
the streamer wait wait hi why
something jaga's fixing thing I need to
figure the thing hey everybody this is
Jack I'm fixing a thing they might not
hear you down there because we're oh
that's right they can't hear you
he's feeling something I don't know what
he's doing what are you doing here no
I'll relay the information
oh I'm fixing my settings but they don't
see my notifications and that'll be
broken well that's fair no give me a
sign of that like an hour ago
yeah the length is parsley partly my
fault I was running late I was 20
minutes late to the studio so that that
on top of I will dismount the camera and
show you our Pokemon rig when we're done
I don't want to fuck everything up now
but we have a Pokemon rig we have a we
have a laptop we have a laptop sitting
on top of a baby stroller with a pole
taped on the back of the stroller with a
camera mount to the pole now what's your
problem
all right ready yeah yeah sure sorry I
just caught onyx what is Pokemon goal
okay so what pokemon go is is this app
that you guys are hopefully seeing right
now it's an augmented reality app where
it uses Google Maps data to to put your
character in the real world you know
let's bet on this one all right to put
your character in the real world and
somewhere in the real world there are
pokemons oh look up okay good let's
suppose oh did you see that blue dot
right there so the object then is to
catch poking the object is to catch
pokemon so we got this blue dot right
here you can click on it and it gives
you oh it's we're too far away still
sorry okay you play so let's go a little
further you click on it and that's where
you get stuff like pokeballs and fairies
and other other things that you can use
in the game so pokeballs I presume are
what you used to catch the pokiman yep
oh my god just got a chancy we're gonna
we're gonna catch a chancy
we got to catch this chance I already
I'm catching it right now yeah we'll
stop and explain everything that you're
doing and why you're
because this is educational I think is
it yep what is it sorry I should turn
the arguments of reality on fear how do
you find the pokemons
yeah oh we just got disconnected we've
got this oh ha ha whatever reason we got
connect it again did we lose them jeez
no well fine everything's fine
hey everybody I just got a chance II
mean what do you mean you want me to
stop and explain yes that seems crazy
rich hi
okay here hold on let's let's take a
look at chat let's make sure they're
still seeing this we're woefully
woefully unprepared Higa okay
yeah we should still be free
should be are they seeing us
I think there I can hear audio
I can't see shit it's working certain we
see you I can't see shit we see I got
nothing we have we got mixed signals
here okay
maybe because we're in the shadows
I don't know
it seems to be working okay we're gonna
you know what rich we're just gonna
assume that's working how about that
okay cuz I that's what I like we need to
get away from this traffic so we're
gonna go down over here that's a rocket
pack
that's a rocky path to sensitive well
okay so here's they can't hear you
there's a magic cartridge okay here oh
that's right yeah you need to be over
here I think I was gonna push the car
but however this works best this I think
this might work best yeah as long as it
as long as they can still see us and you
know this way you get to take a look at
chat and that's for spear - this is pure
message just amazing isn't it beautiful
by the way we're two men carrying around
a baby stroller here it's a baby
stroller with a with a laptop strapped
to it does that count for anything good
oh I'd be a smoother ride on the grass
actually I wish I had I used to have a
jogging baby stroller huh and it had
nice big wheels like bicycle wheels so
he could take it off-road this one has
little wheels I just want a good and I
want it you know what I want rich I want
to get in some other fucking shade when
I stop and talk about this and there's a
Magikarp right here okay and I want to
catch the magic oh fuck wait don't push
the damn Magikarp yet okay before
whenever wouldn't traffic explain to me
what catching a Magikarp means okay so
oh it went away
Richa okay well here here's a Zubat so
then in the world yeah who wants to
Zubat in the world see there's there's a
Zubat right there yep and then you click
on the Zubat and then hopefully we get a
little signal boom there oh here let me
turn augmented reality on and then look
it's a zoo bad in the real world and
then you have to take your pokeball oh I
missed you can miss of course you can
miss oh it does not like augmented
reality
boom there we go got it and that's it
that's the game so pokeballs are a
resource pokeballs are a resource how do
you get more pokeballs Jack you get him
at pokey stops Oh
what's pokey suck well they that was the
blue thing that was over there I think
there's another one over here we'll go
find one okay over here
great great we got the zoo oh yeah
there's a pokey stop right up here great
Bob pokey stops are places in the world
that are designated yeah and and they're
usually like a landmark ish landmark II
kind of stuff like I can only assume
this gazebo up here is gonna be a pokey
stop and there they show up on the map
as these like blue diamond things and I
want to get close enough to them they
give you shit they give you like revives
or potions or pokeballs or berries or
even eggs by the way we're supposedly
chappy as heck either is there any way
to tone down like our braid or something
move maybe let me take a look yeah we're
gonna we're gonna try and fix the camera
quick hey everybody I'm on this down
without welcome February's curtly I just
had the idea to lower the resolution I'm
taking full credit by the way that was
my idea
yeah and not your idea Tiberius Kirk
well technically it was your idea but I
had it first
oh yeah which makes me special
absolutely oh shit yeah our bitrate is
way high what are you doing that high
rich where's my baseball camp it's warm
out there we go alright that was way
high sorry about that everybody I don't
know I don't know why our bitrate was
set so high so now you should be
noticing a difference I don't know how
our bitrate got so ridiculously high
usually it's rates around a thousand
kilobytes per second and it was set to
2500 kilobits per second and we're we're
streaming this on 4G motherfucker
so like there's no way it should be that
high okay so Jack so how is your wife
well your wife my wife my fiancee Karen
she is doing just great yeah I just had
a sudden case of the nut case I had to
do that because we're walking around
with a baby stroller catching pokémon
but we're not the only ones I see other
people playing Pokemon right now what
the camera but the camera bill is that a
Pokemon yeah I think that's a Pokemon
okay so you guys see this this one tell
me if the stream has gotten better but
hopefully it has okay so there you go
oh look so one of the diamonds just
turned into a circle and that means we
can click on it yeah yeah the harbor
pavilion and then you spin it spin it we
and they drop shit Oh an egg pokeball
pokeball Pokemon boom and that's how it
works
oh there's a way though there's a drazi
we should probably catch him there's a
couple pokey stops over here you know
what I don't give a shit about get
another fucking drowsy who wants it was
Rousey uh-oh
I could barely unit I had not you I have
so many dragons what else is near here
oh there's a magic well we already
missed the magic arc we know there's a
Magikarp we just already okay so how do
you how do you know what Pokemon you're
looking for what is it where does it say
this I can't see with the glare but just
explain you know just I'm just trying to
get the game explained people just turn
in like what the fuck is going on like
me hmm
because I'm here I don't know what the
fuck have they answered whether or not
the stream is less choppy
well they heard you asked just now I'm
sure I'll see that responses 30 seconds
sure sure
so because I wanted to make sure we take
care of that before we get too deep into
it
check you're drowsy privilege some of us
have them i I'm bombarded with drowsies
how do we got over here yeah well you
know what we'll get address it goes up
and down much better though
okay well chappie but maybe downscale
the res we did we did is it as low as it
can go hey I can double-check hold on
okay I'm okay I'm catching The Drowsy
that people want me to catch okay and
then we'll get into how game how the
game really works network connectivity
issues are the server's gonna crash live
on stream probably they have a tendency
to do that what's the point of the
forward camera I don't know we thought
you might like seeing what we're looking
at what else what else is gonna take up
that space you know cuz Polk is Pokemon
his vertical right yeah we needed to
take up space we had an extra camera why
not
and now I'm here they can't hear me but
I'm here in kind of
and the server did crash so we have to
restart Pokemon is getting warm
huge audio delay
and someone says a foreign camera is
great yeah oh the forward camera is
perfect a label would be good label like
forward camp it's probably a bit late
too late and I need to I need to turn
off and restart closing there is no
audio delay it's fine okay
some people are some people have delays
yeah other people don't live live
directions folks okay yet live
productions here we go rich should be
wearing a hat in that Sun it's so
fucking overcast right now you can still
get sunburned overcast rich I'll be fine
are you wearing sunscreen - no oh we're
gonna be on it for like an hour
yeah that's true here's a new one what
is this guy oh it's just that crabby
sometimes they look different so there's
a crabby right yeah it's tough and so do
you see that like the yellow circle yeah
they say the smaller that circle is the
easy oh do you see that he batted it
away he batted it away that's have a
bitch hey there we go I'm gonna catch
this crab you guys I have one crab he's
already that's not gonna make a big
difference to me but you know you can
the rule of thumb is you catch
everything because every poke oh oh shit
I didn't
so every pokémon you catch you get
something called Stardust and you need
Stardust to power up your pokemons and
every pokemon you get you get candy and
you need the candy to evolve your
Pokemon it's gonna freeze again okay
guess what we can't use augmented
reality anymore I'm very sorry about
that what is it doing it's just pretty
good Frieza it's just freezing hold on
wait we're getting the spinny thing we
cannot use augmented reality
it still says we're playing fury sure I
bet it does
I bet it does I can fix that I can fix
that
we never updated it cuz we don't have
chatty hey everybody you're gonna want
to be typed now isn't that gonna be fun
now I cannot read the donations
currently oh yeah we cannot read the
donations we don't have any we got some
janky ass mobile thing going on you guys
we will take a picture of this we're
streaming Pokemon go for your amusement
I'm streaming pokemons go you think I
want to be doing this I'm a pasty white
fat nerd do you think I want to be
outdoors does it look like I'm sitting
at a computer desk with cheeto dust
covered fingers no and I'm doing that
for you I'm trying to update the stream
this counts as their nightly stream yes
why are we not wearing pokemon shirts
Jax kids lost the put the ash ash
ketchum hat and I'm sure he'll have
plenty to say but he's back up here by a
microphone
okay great
all right
my kids who enjoy Pokemon wanted the
pokémon hat so yeah I let him have it
cuz you know I'm an adult I don't need
the hat all right I'm gonna turn the
augmented-reality off because that is
causing big problems and you know when
you have augmented reality of it you
just get a picture in the bathroom my
kitchen is drowsy and they lost it
somewhere we don't know where it's not
in the house anywhere we don't know here
we don't know what's gonna bum drazi was
cut great great and we can hit up that
pokey stop again pink pink pink great I
love this game I do I do I think it's
great I think it's it's amazing how it
makes me want to go outside and go for a
walk so where are we headed oh we're
just in the park right okay so you got
this little white bar here right yeah
you click on that and that shows you all
the pokemon that are there's a gold look
or yeah oh side up so then this shows
you all the pokemon that are kind of
near you right and then you pick one
that you want it like this one and you
see how it hit so right now it has three
little feet next to it so basically what
we're doing now is we're playing a game
of hot and cold and when it gets to feet
next to you're getting a little warmer
when it gets one foot next where you get
an even warmer okay and then 0 feet and
then it should be really close to you
that goobies closes two feet huh huh you
have to be as close as what like one
foot oh no no see their feet next to it
oh oh oh real not real it is confusing
so basically they made this game with
the metric system and fine they do it's
all it's all kilometres solid kilometers
or kilometres however you say that so
basically because I want to catch this
Psyduck I have it showing up here and
we're gonna see if we can get closer to
then three feet that guys playing
Pokemon go I can tell whoa are we going
to see pre-record and what live I can't
tell you how much I was hoping that
would happen oh shut up no that would
make for great streaming we can look
like pokemons go I want to I want to get
I wanna I just really want to get to a
sidewalk how fucked up is our camera by
the way I'm sure incredibly fucked up
but hey listen we'll check it when we
get to a sidewalk cuz just gonna keep
getting fucked up as long as people can
kind of hear us and kind of see us I'm
gonna call this a success oh come on
that wouldn't know that be real yeah
there's a good there's another guy
walking in the park you can kind of see
him over there look at his phone we're
in a big flop playing Pokemon go
everyone's playing Pokemon go
everyone's playing Pokemon go you know
why cuz it's a great game yeah look what
we're doing right so we're getting
outside and we're walking and we're
playing a video isn't that the greatest
okay my plan is we're gonna head to
there's a poky stop right in front of us
and it's walk where we don't we know I'm
gonna have to have this shaky camera
we're gonna walk over there then we're
gonna walk over there by the books it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great I
haven't been here to catch pokemon yet
no how do we get over there there's a
fence there's a fence rich
well we don't go oh that where the pokee
the pokee stops over there yeah we'll go
around the fence yeah it'll be great
it'll be great
the pokemons go solve the obesity
epidemic yes right I mean right now
everybody every single person is playing
this game and walking a bunch this is
where it gets a little dangerous because
we have to cross the street over it
right all right let's go walk out into
the street while you're looking at your
screen not thinking about what you're
doing oh look here's a Pokemon look at
this guy what's his name
I want him is that his name so this is
all you do
yeah well eventually we'll see if the
gym well there is a gym nearby but I
haven't been it doesn't seem like
finding the Pokemon
I went down a couple ticks on video
quality
what are you go down all up the ticks
did you gonna eat collect is there more
to go down
oh sure brother no I went down I went
down I went down this is gonna be fine
fine it's gonna be fine we're streaming
a slide show you need to hit it turn
this shit all the way down I went for G
and a 4G phone and let's not the quality
a bit basement
I went he spent we were already down we
were we were streaming at 7:20 now we're
streaming at like 3:00 SiC we're
streaming at mobile Stevie we stream at
50 then they won't be able to steal then
they won't be able to yes anyway here to
see if they if this is better see if
this is better see if we can be back
we lost that we lost the Psyduck also
very important
we lost the what Psyduck I don't want
anything it's not gonna be fine the
PowerPoint experience
I love slideshows one frame per hour oh
yeah that's what we're getting is it is
it better now or is it worse now oh well
you know we got two frames per minute
yeah much better than the one we were
getting all right well then Chloe well
then we'll be back again how about that
all right how about that
it is now significantly down oh I think
I got up too fast oh what's going on is
we are slideshow streaming Pokemon go
yeah we are attempting we are attempting
to stream Pokemon go which I know some
people have been doing we have managed
to catch several frames a video yeah
this should be significantly better now
should be I don't know it's kind of beat
somebody Pokemon have you caught Oh a
bunch how many do you need you have them
all no you need to catch I think the
total is like 250 where you have room
for 250 okay but I mean most of what I
caught is doubles you know like I've
caught probably a couple hundred Pokemon
but their doubles and stuff so then you
just grind him into candy which is the
thing that you can do in the game you
Brian Pokemon into candy that you feed
the other Pokemon to power them up that
is the darkest thing and I kind of love
it you just catch these poor little
creatures yeah and then you grind them
in well technically you send them off to
the professor who then gives you a candy
in return but I'm sure that's what he
does with them Hansel and Gretel I got
nothing on Pokemon go man that's the
dark shit right
okay how they saying better oh yeah much
better
great I mean I hate to say I'm right but
they're saying much better he's saying
he's saying you're right most of the
time I'd say I tell you about 98% of the
time which is right except when I'm not
except for when is that exactly
we're getting like six frames a second
okay I'm sorry
that's the best we can do I'm sorry but
you can hear us okay
well that's good and I think that's
important we I mean we are streaming a
mobile game walking through the park so
what kind of G do you need them to
properly stream the coconuts uh I don't
know
I don't know if it's a G thing like we
have fortunately it's probably poor
genes we have fortune yes we probably
need more G there is no more Jeep hi
there's no this is mint this is as much
G as we got okay as is available to
mankind
maybe it's the laptop could be the
laptop could be me we have to mess with
the settings again why
testing
I think we're extremely good so now
you're gonna see a little annoying thing
on top that says personal hotspot to
connections but if that works that works
you know is it working
we're seeing tape okay I'm seeing stream
stuff just kids playing pokemon go on
the bike you should be more careful
Oh seeing here everything good good was
the last thing you heard yeah where do
we leave on I was I was having really
ranting but it's mystery telling yeah
you're sorry fella so what was the last
thing we heard fair question
fair fair question right yeah the only
thing basically that we have working
against us right now is my laptop's
battery heard you heard no story I was
asking about the the review episode for
ghostbusters yeah I said did you like
the review episode with the Ghostbusters
mm-hmm that that led to a story about
the comment section kind of blowing up
because they thought you were making fun
of all these youtubers making fun of all
of the youtubers and you were just
making a joke but you like
like for example you like on what
skeptic I'm just up to him yeah it's
just like I know that was just a general
youtuber comment so nothing to be of
course about hi guys we're live
streaming streaming say hi oh that's
taken off I heard about that
and we're streaming it to the Internet
is there a way to take a picture of you
guys if you have a camera yes you have a
camera well I have a this camera yeah a
cell phone camera sure is that okay I
mean just with our contraption and
everything because it one time about
this Pokemon I can actually show sure
people who are doing it what is it you
don't need all this to stream Pokemon
are you guys from Milwaukee yeah
what do you guys do they're not doing
this this is what we do video review of
video game review stuff streaming stuff
that's cool
no why did I think you said screaming
use the live screen we're live screaming
I could do that if you'd really like it
wouldn't be pleasant
what do you thought you're talking to
people right now really I'm watching you
right now what's your name my name is
Tim Tim Tim John right hi and if you're
out there and you know you took my
wallet two years ago maybe you return it
yeah that's fair promise someone call
the police
it's there okay okay okay thank you guys
it did did any of you guys take Tim's
wallet if you did getting those last
name she can't really give him Eric you
just know his name's Tim writes good
take it well to track him down
yeah Jeff his photo give his image you
well you probably have his address to
because he is by senses you know who it
is you know who it is good huh
did you guys see this is the dumbest
idea I love it also like we've just
stopped kid like there's no Pokemon near
Earth but oh but you know what this is a
nice shady spot okay so people where
people were yelling at you because
you're making fun of other youtubers
joke yeah a little joke about youtubers
here's the story that got cut off
not really a story just uh it's the the
anatomy of the joke okay something
something I like to do during our
Springs every now and then I explain how
a joke came to be exactly you know we
don't work with scripts usually right
most of our stuff is some some kind of
improv and a lot of times you know if
there's a script we're going off it good
here's what happened me and Mike work
we're sitting down in our review church
yeah and it's like well hot away you
know hi honey how do you start the
episode where we get on we're just
sitting there no one's saying anything
and I just start I just I just go right
into it and I know my generic kind of
enthusiastic host that's all I was doing
just hey and we got things going on and
I'm a professional ho this is exciting
is everything's exciting when you're a
host at us show yeah yeah and it wasn't
a reference to anything just completely
generic yeah and then so Mike Mike jumps
in hmm and he has to come the comment
richer youtuber but you're not an
asshole
and no suddenly suddenly you know like
the bit comes now allows you to perfect
yeah
and so then in my head I'm going with
the YouTube thing now no I'm not no
longer generic host the other joke is
some kind of asshole youtuber and it's
my first occurred because that's improv
yes and you go with a bit yeah
you go with the bit absolutely and I
mean it's my first time on review and we
got put you know the red curtain behind
us and that's what my brain is yeah and
so I'm thinking of a youtuber with red
background for reference sake and I've
I've only ever watched a couple of his
videos but he's very popular my brain
went to Jeremy Jones okay and I have no
clue that it's Emily I've only ever seen
like a couple of his videos so it wasn't
like a scathing comment on Jeremy Jones
I was just my brain what youtuber has a
red background in his video sure and I
couldn't think of his name though like I
said I've only ever seen like two of his
videos I couldn't leave his damn name
but I know he's very popular there yeah
so I just said out of it that one prick
hey guys get your Pokemon thank you
everyone's good to focus on it's the
greatest thing okay so as you said just
that one prick just that one prick prick
yeah like I said I've seen two of his
videos it wasn't I wasn't being serious
it wasn't a condemnation of Jeremy
Johnson everything he's ever done that
that horrible asshole right and also by
the way it is not 941 am putting my
phone it's fine that's it's not that
time
okay so but that's dude that was just a
joke yeah great video afterwards like
you know like I called this guy and
asked I don't really feel like I was
like we keep that in micro Jay they said
well never actually said his name I
didn't think of it till afterwards right
we'll just put pictures up like a bunch
of different people with red backgrounds
up yeah and it'll just be a thank you
they won't know who you're talking about
right yeah I didn't really mean anything
by it anyway and now now every one of
the comments section thinks I was like
insulting all of them yes every youtuber
even though you are you - I'm insulting
every YouTube
Richard called Jeremy Jones motherfucker
well punching him in the face that's
true
I read that about you I read that about
you right there's a couple Pokemon
stuffs up here so my plan my plan for us
because I have no idea how long my
battery's gonna last up here this we're
gonna stop at these pokey stops and then
we're gonna walk around the lake okay
because I think that might be nice you
know what we're in this ad I'm gonna
take a little water break break water
break
I won't put my mouse on it rich if you
would like some yeah actually
great
Oh
because we're out in the hot pot heat
hey you got my stick
ah that's great great water break Jeremy
Jones did respond what are you saying
oh did he
hopefully he understood it was a joke
I'm assuming he did yeah
people usually usually people who do the
stuff know that know that that kind of
stuff is good jokes yep it is warm out
rich yep it is warm out that's what
happens outside in the summer great this
for the stream we are ignoring the stand
up timer no we should still stand up
every hour absolutely oh you know like
to be done around four-ish
mm-hmm but if it's not so later it's
nothing later also I just can't imagine
my battery's gonna last that long yep
look the frame rate is the frame rate
yep we don't have I have been told by
Jack yeah we now have video resolution
set as low as you can go if if we set it
any lower you will see two giant pixels
on the screen this is said pretty low I
have the the the output settings fairly
low this is what this is basically what
we have to work for with and I'm sorry
if it's all stuttering streaming there's
a fly on the camera but he's not on the
actual lens what am i great that would
have been great and disgusting I can I
can only hope it would have auto focus
right on that fly
Oh at least we got some nice shade there
for a little bit that shake was great
I'm a fan of the shade so how you liking
this stream this disaster film uh you
know it's it's not a total and utter
disaster we have yet to get mugged no
people were what he was hoping for Jax
was hoping for it I was waiting for you
to like wander out traffic and to jump
out of the way of a car we did we did go
out into the street which is not
recommended but you know we also had to
cross the street it's not the biggest
it's not the biggest clusterfuck I've
ever been a part of oh here's the pokey
step over here be guarded this one stops
fairly unless you want to pay for
pokeballs did you want to try some kind
of battle or something yeah I think
there's a well we have to find a gym
there's our one on the way hope it seems
like these things are everywhere what
the pokey stops pokey sobs the gym yeah
I don't know man I don't know man it
seems like it makes it all too damn easy
well but you know remember you in order
to like you're not earning these pokey
mom weather all over the fucking place
remember that you need to like you need
to catch a shit ton of pokemons to power
them up and level them up right and that
means your kit like you're using
pokeballs like it's nobody's business
and that means you need a ton of
pokeballs and normally you know people
people do it during the day they can't
just can't just walk around all day and
really we've only hit a couple he stops
there was a gym bag day we'll hit it on
the way back try a gym battle I have I
have yet to like defeat to take over a
gym mostly because I really don't
understand how they work yet is there
like one every damn block what a gym
sometimes and some like we haven't had
it we've only had one gym on our walk so
far today so how long and some how long
before this happens right some so smart
businessman yeah
some point is gonna find a place that's
designated to Jim yeah yes and he's
gonna buy this this area up he's gonna
buy this land palm and he's gonna turn
it into his pokemon gym he's gonna make
it like Apple logo outside the pokemon
gym and you come in it was all like
purchase and whatnot and you just walk
in and do your Pokemon sit there that'd
be great that'd be great and smart like
what a pokémon gyms like in the game
they're like he'll help make it seem
sure sure that'd be neat he'll hire
somebody to be like misty you know hired
as players can people find each other on
this thing they cannot they cannot they
cannot that's a big missed opportunity
isn't it you kind of you kind of
indirectly fight people because if you
take over a gym you leave your pokemon
at the gym coming in pokemons go to it's
gonna be gym battles oh I'm sure PvP be
beat that was part of the initial
promise it's great the blade Lake
Michigan pretty that was part of the
initial like the initial announcement
video had players fighting each other
yeah but I can only assume that like
they said to themselves let's just get a
stable version out first then let's
worry about adding stuff to it I've seen
a lot of that like some people saying
when's the one's Mario Kart go gonna
happen yeah it's gonna be a disaster
rocket League go you can rocket League
in real life you got it
Oh oh yeah we got an annex I caught this
onyx right before we started streaming a
different onyx you know they're cool
they're not near my house the way the
way that Pokemon rarity works is as you
level up in the game you can find rare
or pokey yeah so it's not just about
going to the end
