Apr 27, 2016
Hyper Light Drifter
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/72911271
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/72913043
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wo6-6p7ohdA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2HT_BUYZkE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/725424599106613248

[Part I]
we're pointing that out I think that it
it doesn't mean but we did do a bunch of
tests and there is variety it just so
happens the ones we down the episode
didn't have a lot of variety to where
the pipe moved I didn't test before with
an entirely different puck and it was
more or less going across the board it
could land on any side didn't really
matter and then for some reason the Davy
went to shoot that one kept getting
stuck
every time we drop it not not like
between the pegs just like the friction
would stop it yeah yeah it's crazy are
you streaming we are streaming it takes
a while to catch up I just see people
saying hi to you now okay let's go say
it's not showing up on this twitch app
for some reason with the new twitch did
an update recently with that new update
do we have oh my god they're going on do
we need to worry about million more
don't have oh my god is going on alright
rich is streaming from Windows 10
tonight because of very complicated
reasons these are quantum break because
I'm quantum break and so we don't have
any of the Oh My gods or what the fucks
but we have James
author rated M for Mature
oh wait J are you seeing an
advertisement yes on our Channel
yeah something Jack just clapped right
on to his mic that's directly in front
of his face that there's no way he
couldn't know is not there something
some very exciting news that twitch just
announced for all of our subscribers you
actually get a real reward so right now
if you subscribe to us on Twitch you get
the use of all of our emotes and it
supports us and that's it oh they don't
get ads but now they don't get at yeah
that's nice so a new perk if you are
subscriber to any channel when you watch
that channel you will no longer see ad
I think that's really exciting that's
nice yeah that's all I have to talk
about we're done we're gonna thanks good
night out tonight thanks for all the new
subscribers
rich do you hand touch
yeah some people are saying they're
hearing devil that could be through the
TV which I just turned down everything's
good
when will we talk about juicy Shaq we
can talk about juicy Shaq need oh I want
that juicy Shaq me oh I was running some
errands the day after we shot that
episode uh-huh
and I was out in public wasn't like Home
Depot and target various places there
just throughout the day they would pop
into my brain and I was all by myself
and I'd just start laughing out loud in
the middle of the story probably looks
like a crazy person
hey that's great every time it popped
into my brain I could not stop laughing
turn down the game volume more right
after the cutscene skip cutscenes turn
otherwise I roll that way well it's a
great episode of best of the worst
please feel free to play Plinko so
constantly it was great have you
gentlemen happened to see any good bad
films lately hopefully without
gratuitous raping any and I think just
like bad movies outside of best of the
worst regularly is probably be right
yeah probably I haven't watched any
lately
okay I had a had a night alone and so I
rewatched in in preparation for Civil
War I rewatched Ultron and ant-man okay
the only one I really want to re-watch
his uh Winter Soldier which I'm seen
since the theater and I like that one
why does hyper light drifter like being
so comically loud just naturally that
way oh my God look how loud that yes
look at afar I have that turned down
well yeah you have to turn it on even
game I guess the cutscenes don't turned
out Oh Miss Lucy I haven't got any other
cutscene okay but it doesn't turn down
it's been really weird
once your soldiers such a good movie
it's a good movie really it's a good
just a good movie not a good Marvel
movie not a just a good comic book movie
or whatever you haven't seen it right
rich no you should see I know I should
so many people get shot in that movie I
will watch it before Civil War
yeah you should but it like it also has
so many good comic book ii things in it
mm-hmm I mean I'm so I'm so biased
against DC right I know you're selling
Marvel hey I don't go see all of the
Marvel movies you're such a Marvel fan
boy that you don't even see their major
releases J I have not seen the wish I
missed the witch in theaters I'm so
sorry if I've let anybody down but it
comes on VOD in like a week or two so I
watch it I regret missing the theater
though because I bet with a good sound
system oh yeah I've got a pretty good
sound setup at home so hopefully it
still has the same atmosphere an
anonymous wants to know did you end up
seeing entity entity the entity that was
the one who's talking about where
Barbara Hershey
I think it's Barbara she gets raped by a
ghost oh yeah I have not rewatched it I
saw it like 15 years ago and I haven't
seen it since okay
I think it's on blu-ray now it's called
the witch but it's spelled Vivi itch
that's the way it's spelt on the poster
yeah I don't know what that means they
don't know the significance of that I
haven't looked into it much Vivian
Levias thud UV rich wants to know if
this is a no death run I probably won't
be ok I won't try to die the goal of any
run is to be a no death row and I would
imagine right yeah you want to die as
little as possible in general you are
correct and no ant-man was not in
Avengers 2 he's going he's going to be a
new one he's gonna but it's not an
Avengers movie is it Captain America
there's a game called squishy the pig
James where the goal is to get yourself
killed
Oh squishing I like the name suicide Pig
family died he's an orphan he wants to
die okay and you have to get squishy
killed this way is it like hard to get
him killed is that the charity I by the
way I thought you were going to relate
squishy the pig to the Marvel Cinematic
Universe somehow and I was really
excited
did I miss a squishy the pig were well
what's squishy but there was spider-ham
there's leather
I remember spider-ham Peter porker Peter
Parker mm-hmm he's an important part is
shown up yes I love it just put the
musical stinger we can't hear it but
look at the city is beautiful beautiful
look at how beautiful this game is I
like the colors mm-hmm it's that kind of
it's like that kind of pixel art where
it probably took more time to make the
pixel art than it would have if they
were modern-day drivers and it coughs up
blood whatever it is your character yeah
why is a cup of blood she's sick he's
Hyperlite sick they don't give you any
dialogue in this you have to interpret
it from pictures yeah oh that's right
it's not this this time it's lupus that
we played a game called who's your daddy
and I think you told me about this one
person is a baby and one person is a dad
and the baby has to try to kill himself
that's right oh yeah I think I saw you
playing a bit of that that's a crazy
game I kind of looked
I came called Parenthood if you play it
every day cuz kids are dumb they're
always unintentionally about to get
themselves killed right no sense of
self-preservation you gotta beat that
into him
MC Lucas says hey rich Jack and J thanks
for the great best of the worse and
thanks for the stream LOL fuck my juicy
shaq mean thank you you're welcome
Lucas humberto cabbage passes I saw some
people were tweeting that image the rich
with next to Shaq like between it to
Shaq yes I can only imagine what he's
thinking if you scrolling through baby
please please check get ahold of us we
want to talk to you about you know your
thoughts on cannibalism I saw some some
interesting comments disagreeing with
with Shaq as the ideal meal because they
said any athletes would would have liked
would have used their muscles a lot and
that would make the meat really stringy
hmm so you know like you'd have to cook
it longer but I still think there'd be a
good fat meat ratio I think so a lot of
football players still have like beer
bellies and stuff yeah they'd be good
but they say that the the meat wouldn't
be the bests because like the best me
like the Tenderloin on the cow they
don't use their back very much it's just
a big piece of muscle that they don't
use very often sure okay like this
always tell stories okay just images
yeah okay there need images yes
beautiful and we didn't think of Kobe
Kobe beef oh that would have been a joke
that's a missed opportunity that's it
that was a missed opportunity because
we're not really sports guys did you
guys watch basketball at all the
basketballs i watch football you can't
you can't I can't grow up anywhere near
Chicago and not have watched basketball
oh I suppose you're right
that's just physically that's true yeah
you're absolutely right everyone loved
the Bulls
specifically Michael Jordan yes oh yeah
but I mean people even not from Chicago
love the Bulls we love the Bulls in
Milwaukee mm-hmm because all we had was
the Bucks that's all we still have
anybody care about the Bucks no not even
the Bucks care about the Bucks
humberto Cabbage Patch - Jay thank you
for recommending me Oh
maze great Angela Bettis was so creepy I
loved it do you have any other
lesser-known character movies that you
would recommend uh well if you liked me
the director of may Lucky McKee that a
movie called the woman a few years ago
that's really great oh man it's funny
because that's a whole movie it's it's
about this family they live like on a
farm and the the father is very he's
very abusive towards all the females in
the family mm-hmm his wife and his
daughter and his wife is Angela Bettis
who was in May and he finds a Ferrell
woman that lives in the woods and he
trapped her and chains her up in his in
his barn okay and that actor that plays
that dad is also the guy that keeps the
woman locked up in the movie room it's
the same actors it was horribly
distracted as like it's a character he
just keeps women locked up in barns
that's those are the only roles he'll
take he's good movies that's great so
I'd recommend that another one that just
came out butts on VOD right now called
Darlene which the daughter from which
movie was I just talking about the woman
the daughter from the woman is in that
and she is hired to watch after this
this large expensive estate mm-hmm and
she's a little unhinged and it's in
black and white it's very minimalist
it's very artsy the kind of shit I love
that will probably drive some people
crazy but artsy atmospheric minimalist
horror it's great tell me Darlene it's
very good very creepy oh great great
great uh turtle the wise wants to know
checking out Keanu or through third
third sorry checking out Keanu on
Thursday okay I get it now rewatched
John wick to prepare for this
hilariousness I'm a big key and Peele so
I know like a deal with it but what do
you guys think
can't wait for green room to green room
is my most anticipated movie of the year
it looks a lot like a lot of fun oh my
god I'm so excited
I don't know much about Keanu I know
it's a key and Peele movie that's all I
know what else do you need to know I've
seen I haven't seen that much other
stuff
they're funny I've seen some of their
sketches and they're funny you can I see
more I haven't watched a lot of it I've
seen just them as performers another
movie sure I like both of them but I
haven't watched a lot of their show
before I hear their name I think of
Kevin and Kel
Kenan imitating hell yeah the good
burger kids
it's very confused a good burger so I
good oh yeah yeah they are the good some
other things yeah one of them went under
the unser is even on Senate live I think
he's been on there longer than any other
cast member now I believe you are Kenan
which is kind of crazy
no Kel Kel does a lot of voice work oh
he does he I just remember he was in the
mystery man movie yep that's the only
other thing I remember ever seeing him
in most notably his voice is a dog on
Clifford the Big Red Dog for PBS
Clifford still a thing that's still well
it's not a thing anymore because John
Ritter did the voice of clown so
unfortunately all right Pete
r.i.p all right Pete everyone by the way
because everyone just keeps fucking
dying fucking fucking hell man Prince
for the record that was filmed before
yeah the Prince three days before he
died we found that episode or Jeff
mentions Prince oh and I'm just a fan of
Prince which is why I mentioned him have
you ever seen Purple Rain it's been far
too long I watched it the other night
cuz I'd never seen it before I was like
well that was a good reason to watch it
yeah not that good no I know some people
loved that movie and as I was watching I
was trying to figure out if they liked
it like like it for a camp
value or if they genuinely liked it cuz
I don't think it works for either no I
don't think anyone genuinely likes it as
a movie they just love Prince that much
well he's grabbing the performances the
musical
performances in it are great and that's
why they love it yeah I've never seen it
it's like an album kind of phone like
they know it's a story it's like it's
really really melodramatic which is what
I didn't like it's weird because it
starts like he's performing in a club
and he's Prince and he's awesome but
then he goes home and you see his
domestic life which is he lives with his
mom and dad and his dad is very abusive
towards his mom so it cuts from him like
doing his printing of this club to his
dad like smack and his mom around in the
house and then Prince walks in and he's
dressed like Prince so there's like this
this contrast there that I thought was
hilarious he's like dad know that smacks
him around is like this is awkward and
weird and it doesn't work I don't know I
mean I'd like to watch it it just
because I like the the musical
performances but it has a movie they I
don't know I didn't I don't know what
people like about I believe that's the
general consensus okay is everyone reads
that it's like this terrible and also
horribly self-indulgent movie because
basically he didn't direct it but it's
like basically supposed to be the story
of Prince yeah I suppose but everyone
loves the music from it because the
music from it is great because it's
Prince right and everything he does
musically is great but I know I did not
rewatch Purple Rain I just listened to
every single Prince album on the face of
it hear over and over and over again I'm
tempted to watch he did a follow-up
movie called graffiti bridge which is
the same character read from Purple Rain
and it's got like a ten percent on
Rotten Tomatoes or something it's like a
notorious flop and I watched the trailer
for it and it looks like every early 90s
music video like it looks terrible and
it's supposed to be terrible I'm
actually more interested in seeing that
one oh that sounds great
best of the worst prints films I would I
I think we would all just be too sad
yeah it's too soon it's too soon too
soon there's not enough of them under
the cherry moon is the only other one
which I don't really know what
boom there's three well yeah but then
we'd have to watch them well movies that
feature prints music aside from BAM I
mean I'm sure he has songs on
soundtracks but Batman's the big one of
course then again the probably aren't
many shitty movies with prints music
right no prints did did it to do but I'm
excited about Keanu I haven't seen that
word star I don't know much about it but
that's I'm really it's it does have
something to do with John wick isn't
like a parody here's the thing the key
and Peele have stated over and over
again that it is not a parody of John
wick they wrote it before John wick even
though the movie Keanu is about them
rescuing their kitten that was stolen
which is very similar to John you know
how John wicks movie gets started yeah
but they they keep saying over and over
again but this is not a parody and the
rumor is I don't know if this is
confirmed that Keanu Reeves does the
voice of the kitten Keanu okay in the
Cameo but it's fucking key and Peele and
they're brilliant and hilarious that's
all that matters with Keanu let's see
here
one small ball wants to know when you
hacks are going to do a commentary track
for 'crawl that movie has the best love
story ever put on film I have to watch
Kroll first okay there you go
someone with the glaive the the weapon
weapon yeah because of love right yeah
the power of love oh yeah not to be
confused with Huey Lewis and the news is
power of love it marriage is the real
weapon because marriage will just
destroy you that's what happens in
purple rain too damn visionary got him
I had I was just putting out a prints
mix I was driving around with my boys
and all of a sudden I hear the first
couple of riffs of sex EMF I go up next
what next not that one I can't listen to
that one yet
one day they were very confused while I
was listening to this weird music I said
you'll get it when you're older what the
fuck
it's a prince song called sex EMF I keep
hitting that button and the chorus is
you're a sexy motherfucker and he it
makes you feel like a sexy motherfucker
because that's the power of print that's
the power of prints
I don't think princess is enough power
to make me feel safe you listen to more
Prince we'll all right did air rich yeah
I am so used to you as the guy who falls
down and is the butt of jokes that when
seeing your work like the not Plinko
machine I go oh yeah that guy's an actor
and not just clumsy I'm clumsy too I
think that bit comes from real life I'm
saying I'm saying art imitates reality
the riddle of Steel has an important
question what is the best in life to
strike down your enemies dizzy enemies
crashed before you press before you I
think that no to crush your enemies see
them driven before you and the
lamentations of them hear the
lamentations of the women the workout is
like coming PS have y'all heard of
sunless sea it's a weird rogue liking
game about being a ship captain in an
ocean full of monsters under the earth
yes we have it's on the official list of
games to play the riddle of Steel oh oh
oh no someone is mentioning an OBS thing
I didn't I don't see anything wrong with
what do they say Oh what's wrong what's
wrong
look so look at the OBS screen do you
see how like we're not seeing stuff now
click on OBS and go to edit scene or a
right clip on right click on Game
Capture and just make sure that it is
position and size and fit the screen oh
that's weird
yeah you guys you guys are not seeing
the full wood that's so weird and that
is very weird
oh well I guess they're seeing enough of
it
cropping no go to edit scene and just
see where the written you know what
here's alt enter
oh that's put you small oh no oh yeah
now you see all of it yeah but oh no
look good now you're we're getting black
bars around the whole thing their mind
just go back to full screen it's fine
everything is fine they said they'd see
the action that's all it matters you
just want to see yeah yeah they see the
act
just keep talking about things I'll fuck
around with this okay great anonymous
says just listen to the alien commentary
rich did you end up ever watching alien
3 the director's cut or Alien
Resurrection I've seen a before healing
through a long time ago I saw the
theaters a director's cut though oh no
no it's not the director's cut it's I
think it's called the assembly cut there
will never be a director's cut because
their adventure is disowned it well he
wants nothing to do with it after being
fucked over not Jeff mag gum man gum not
Jeff Mangum says good burger was awesome
because George Clinton was in it so was
able go to r.i.p he was left out of the
oscars during the in memoriam last year
was he fuckin Abe Vigoda
those dicks it almost it almost makes
sense like it almost seems appropriate
because they say because he's a Virgo to
picture his face and make him at like
sad face and it's like almost
funny that he was left out Oh
every year they leave out two or three
like super important people it's but
it's tough cuz I mean so many people die
in a year yeah but I mean something like
that that's not like they decided to
omit him that's like they clearly just
missed it they overlooked him that's too
bad yeah okay name daughter Clinton
doesn't necessarily make a movie good he
was also in pchew pchew is good I mean I
haven't seen it in like 15 years but I
remember liking it
I'm sure it's everyone liked it when
they were like in high school yeah but
I'm sure seeing it as an adult it can't
be that I mean Jon Favreau's in it's
almost be something Oh Windows 10 what's
going on I don't I don't know it's just
not displaying okay because it's stupid
pants you know who directed PC you who
do the the the hunky man that Aaron's
fighting over in Supergirl your that you
know what for some reason I went to the
Supergirl TV show that's the hunky man
who Supergirl in the which were fighting
over yeah he directed PC you really yep
I like knowing that is windows teddy key
for sharing really really not giving me
an option to change the resolution of
what of the screen there we go here we
go I found it is for some reason this is
hidden this very important thing they're
they're trying to simplify they're
they're try to be a pain in my ass is
what they're trying that could be
let's see here that guy from the
Scotland hey guys I was wondering if you
were as excited as I am about the Ben
Hur remake the CGI horses look great and
Morgan Freeman looks like Whoopi
Goldberg well that's a selling point I
wasn't excited before but now I am hi
from Scotland lol cure Odawa mole blood
I don't know anything about this then
hurry I didn't even know they were
making you Ben area so but now because
Whoopi Goldberg is gonna be in it vo
Morgan Freeman as will be a baby so now
I'm exciting Purple Rain is pretty bad
but it's still better than cool as ice
Wow most things are better than cool as
ice
right alright I think that's good that's
good enough sure at the very least
that's good for you does that thing go
away it's like and deal with that okay
great
you know what great that's great the
riddle of Steel says J is the only one
worthy of Conan's mantle and kromm's
blessing yeah okay you are you are the
only one worthy rich must say Mass
Effect 3 not only retro actively ruined
the series it ruined Bioware how would
you ruin Bioware what's not I got
bullshit don't you do how what would you
do with hey settle down everybody yeah
how would you have changed Mass Effect 3
is ending I think it asked this question
every week you just go into our archives
for fuck's sake I think that that it's
got bigger problems seriously it's not
just a simple matter of rewriting the
ending you have to read and write at the
very least you have to rewrite the
entire last game at the very least yeah
you said they got rid of like a lot of
dialogue there were a lot of dialogue
options they weren't really it was clear
in hindsight it was quite actually from
the second game I hope that was wrong
that they didn't have an ending in mind
they weren't working towards an ending
sure and when they got to the ending
they didn't know what the fuck to do and
they pulled some bullshit out of their
ass
is what happened as a reminder if anyone
decides to send us a copy of Mass Effect
Andromeda when it does come out rich
will destroy it on camera without
playing it that is a promise from rich
Evans I'm plagued distracted no fucking
oh sorry yeah sorry yeah you ruined my
game and now it's wrecked three ruined
Hyperlight drones everything Oh God AE
Carter I hope that's not true a card is
saying Mass Effect 4 will start with
part three all being a dream that would
be bullshit you know what I'd be fine
with that second chance it's fine maybe
that would just be them admitting that
they made a mistake it was all a dream
that's bullshit
WOB Rex does Mike really prefer Mac over
PC yes and why would that hack fraud
have such a bad opinion is it a bad
opinion but Kevin with Windows here yeah
I hate Windows yes I hated Windows for a
very long time though those of us in
this very room who edit all edit on Macs
yes
Mac's are very nice and they're easy to
use everything works everything works
all the time and they're great it's not
so great when you want to say like run
certain games on them because you know
they're not they were they're new to the
whole gaming thing so I do have a
Windows 7 dual boot on all of my Mac
machines so either I can play games but
all my editing and stuff is on Macs and
everybody likes Mac's all the time even
you even you like that you told me
well bricks doesn't you remember don't
you remember you we had this
conversation a couple weeks ago where
you said Macs are so great and Steve
Jobs is passing was such a tragedy which
ones
oh fuck Steve Jobs he was a jerk
anything I've ever heard about it makes
him sound like a complete
I can ask him he gave us some wonderful
thing he's such an asshole they had to
make two movies about his life in the
last three years and both of them are
just look at what an asshole this guy
it's really true true no lies will you
gentlemen do an abbreviated half in the
bag or clickbait video regarding the
extended version of Batman V Superman
I'm oddly fascinated can't help but
think it will be better I'm assuming it
would be better just because there's
probably more scenes in it that connect
the dots I'm sure a lot of the plot
holes and things that don't make sense
in the movie are the result of edits
were I to guess but I have no desire to
re-watch it like even in an extended
form just to compare like right yeah I
mean if it's just violence then no it's
not gonna fix anything no I'm assuming
it's more than that I'm assuming there's
full scenes that are cut so the entire
scene discussing Lex Luthor's elaborate
backstory and setting him up as a
character was filled with vaginas and so
they had to cut that cut it cuz I'm all
the vaginas that's a cut it for because
of all the vaginas and so in the
extended director's cut the r-rated
directors got we're gonna get a lot more
characters is there a scene that makes
any of a scheming makes sense it's
filled with vaginas you know yeah I
don't know I'd be curious to hear about
what some of the additions are but it
would take a lot to get me to rewatch
that thing you know oh god it's just a
joyless movie joyless movie that's the
worst how glad were you that Adam
Sandler is going overboard wasn't
selected very someone who's seen a
little bit of it I've seen like 15
minutes of it all I know is like we've
we've tried bad comedy before and it's
usually the worst it never works out
fuck it it never ever works out
also the alien 3 director's cut would be
a blank tape it's still worth a watch
because David Fincher is a genius says
hi Kiki I like alien 3 I even like the
theatrical cut okay but I really like
the assembly cut hmm that's depressing
movies depressing but it's good you like
being depressed in films I do but I
think it's a solid movie anyway I like
the cinematography is great the the
alien looks great there's some wonky
visual effects but that's just a product
of the times mm-hmm I need to watch
movies that keep me from killing myself
look at all these crows and hoodies hey
coolest fuck just chilling that David
Fincher he knows how to make a movie did
you hear did you know that that he makes
good movies David Fincher
yeah what movies does he made uh I don't
know if I've seen any of his movies I
was trying to think of a joke answer
there he did he did the fight clubs
right he did fight yeah that's a good
movie you did has it been a parody video
called fart club is this a thing that's
happened some time don't share that link
with fart clothes don't smell about fart
Club you're like you're like 12 years
too late with this gold parody video but
still gold he did lady with the Dragon
Tattoo yeah you never really smelled
unless she had a fart this is a it's a
fine it's a fine movie I thought it was
dull why I liked it the theater do you
know we're talking about rich girl
Dragon Tattoo oh I thought about Fight
Club yeah fight clubs I though the girl
who drank the two assault in the theater
we did it on half in the bag all right I
liked it well enough but I rewatched it
and a couple years ago
and I really liked it a lot more the
second time and that's the same thing
that ever with gone girl I just
re-watched gone girl and I liked it so
much better the second time
have you ever seen zodiac no zodiac
movie that's his best movie oh it's
great okay no I liked him as a filmmaker
and I think he has a really I think he
has a good eye I think he knows how to
compose is seen very well well he's very
meticulous he's like a like a Cooper
and and so it's just like the the lady
with the Dragon Tattoo was so beautiful
yeah and every snowy backdrops oh man it
looks great and just you know when when
she's in the office with that horrible
man making her do horrible things oh
everything was so tense and beautiful I
just I thought the plot was dumb it was
like a it's very pulpy and that's the
same of gone girl
it's BSI episode that's you can say that
about gone girl that's what's weird
about David Fincher as he takes that
type of material and he just elevates it
it's like like slick cold style and like
great performances that's right is
noticing and re watching gone girl all
the all the side characters are like
perfectly cast oh yeah I meant to get
around to ganguro Lee at least I read
the book and really liked it yeah and
then there's just one of those like I
will go see it
wait it's three and a half hours it's
two and a half hours long very long it
doesn't feel long at all though okay it
flies by well that's good to know
Oh ream on Jack I remember from prereq
review episodes that you have a hell of
a competitive streak are you able to
suppress that when you play games with
your kids or do you crush their spirit
love you Jai I crush their spirit
jumpers yeah that's tough i I i suppress
I suppress my competitive urges I do get
really annoyed by a lot of their games
they love the Lego games like they like
to have a Lego Batman game yeah and it
bothers this just because it's a little
kid exactly I understand that it's a
little kid game but I hate it and you
know they want to play it with me and
I'm just like no you play it by yourself
but no we'll play Mario Kart and you
know I'll hang back with them and just
have fun I can have fun too
mmm the fun comes from watching them get
excited and enjoy the game existing
right exactly exactly let's see here
Duarte Nigel was wizard actually as
annoyed as he looked during the plink at
Oh best of the worst yes we all hate
each other
everybody's mad at each other all the
time I didn't I don't know if that's
common knowledge everyone knows that we
genuinely dislike each other but or and
I'm just throwing that out there
it's it's a comedy show and we were
being funny where everything is
heightened no just I'm just putting that
out there as an option where maybe a
funny thing happened PS rich Evans
reminds me of the aliens from the
beginning of fifth element I'd still let
him impregnate you though one of the
aliens from the beginning I haven't seen
that movie in forever I'm trying to
remember the aliens from the beginning I
don't I don't remember sure it's not
flattering no well well then dirty Nigel
you can go ahead and fuck off how about
that Jay says hab 78 Patrick Stewart as
a neo-nazi villain in green room fuck
yeah it's gonna be amazing gonna be
great I just hope he's utilized far
better than he was in conspiracy theory
that film was a joke
I've never seen a movie I didn't know he
was in it more than day punks versus
Nazis yes great all set in one room I I
don't know if the whole thing is set in
one room I'm assuming not the whole
thing but one room a large chunk of it
I'm so excited for that movie I don't
even know when it comes out hopefully
soon mm-hmm if you have not seen blue
ruin I think it's still on Netflix go
watch blue ruin
honks versus pottsy's or honks versus
pottsy's that's that'll be the porn
parody of greenroom Grinspoon that's
awful I'm bad you should feel I don't
make a living making porn parody name
luckily somebody does though somebody
and then that wonderful thing not
anymore they're all lazy now all the
porn parody names are lazy now now they
just do blank and blank the porn parody
really signs oh there I actually read an
interview in the a/v Club with some guy
that those porn parodies yeah he's
talking about how he's trying to bring
back or he has brought back the the
punny oh good so that's not just you
know the Simpsons the xxx parity right
by Seinfeld the porn
yeah no he's free tries to give him like
quote-unquote funny titles so good
that's part of the fun he seemed like a
nice guy seemed intelligent about what
he was doing I guess not everyone
involved in porn is some sleazy weirdo
I'm calling my next one who's eating out
Gilbert Grape now we know what rich
Evans does in his free time
why didn't you tell us about this
amazing part-time job you have his job
is just coming up with the titles though
oh yeah absolutely
Hey absolutely
speaking of Bioware says Homme tardy I
was reminded that Witcher 1 ran on mass
effect ones engine which leads me to my
real point you guys really really should
play witcher 3 it deserves all the hype
it's received LOL fuck my cock but I get
no noted and ignored ha ha ha or just
noted you don't want to get into hopping
in the long game how about noted and
will be forgotten
oh that's cool I love it and look at his
house his hand is on the mountain yeah
that's neat oh that you saw him from a
distance long enough for two away oh did
you
awesome that's awesome
sick Nick bro I there a lot of people
are tipping right now and so I'm just
trying to get through him if I haven't
gotten to yours yet hold on and he's not
going to I'm working through him up
where also I'm trying to you know we
hello we started conversation I want to
finish that conversation before my next
sell down error buddy
see it's a lot do you hear it you hear
just keep calm and you hear him you hear
it yeah we just probably won't get to
witcher 3 because it's a long ass game
and we have far too many games to play
as it is and you know it's it's gone
it's not gonna happen
hey Jack hi rich and AJ says bacon
Jacobs sing-songy shit jacket sing
second have you considered doing a vest
over the worst movies that star juicy
Shaq meet like Kazaam steel and Kazaam
that's the problem
yeah he did that movie blue chips with
Nick Nolte but I don't know that's like
a normal movie maybe a transformer style
simultaneous viewing I don't think we
could handle it I don't think that'll
ever it's too much Shaq but I've seen
steel they played it at B fest 1 years
oh yeah and that was pretty fun I've
never seen Kazaam a movie arista rappin
genie yeah I'm sure it's terrible I
would love to do a bad superheros one
with steel yeah you could do that or you
could do
bad movies starring like sports people
there's plenty of those ago I like that
wasn't what's the tennis problem one
called with that jean-claude van damme
Double Down
double double team tt-then double
fountain completely different oh my god
I I was I was just sacrilegious to our
Lord and Savior Breen yeah I think we
have a copy of that movie the
jean-claude van damme one mm-hmm
was that his only movie did that I know
of okay but that doesn't mean anything
you might have cameos and stuff but I
think that was his only like starring
vehicle sure as I know absolutely
there's only one they probably got an ad
on network TV yeah yeah maybe you did
some direct a video stuff I don't even
know
Oh Kogan films oh you know a wrestler
films sure suburban no I see you know
with muscles muscles is what I always
think about every year for the Christmas
no holds barred no holds barred has some
great moments in it I don't know that
one that was the first big one that was
the movie that introduced Zeus the
wrestler zoos oh how could I forget bad
the Battle of the tough guys that was
the name of the big competition at the
end really semi humorous okay oh my god
the Battle of the Battle of the tough
guys but there's a great scene where
Hulk Hogan intimidates a guy pulls him
out of a car and the guy shits his pants
and Hulk Hogan's like what's that smell
and the guy goes Sookie and that's the
same it sounds horrible it's great Ocoee
goes Dookie and on the senior Stan's
brother Dookie brother super Dukey
brothers
super
coming to a Nintendo Entertainment
System near you
anonymous wants to know if we've checked
the mail since Monday I have some mail
in my truck right now I what last night
to the post office have it open it yet
oh there's one with air holes in it it's
probably what earlier in the week too so
what what are you looking for that's out
that's it I got some movies there you go
anyways have you seen the Power Rangers
knockoffs like superhuman samurai or vr
troopers no because I was an adult when
that shit started coming out also no
I've seen the newer Power Ranger stuff
because they're still making that shit
I'll doing it of course they are and
it's you know they still do some guy in
a big cardboard costume stuff but not
not as much they don't do it doesn't
have the charm of the whole thing well I
remember the original show it was just
Japanese from the Japanese show right so
they had all this footage just like now
they have to shoot new stuff so it's
really where they don't do it as much I
guess you know like they still do guy in
a big cardboard costume but they don't
do as much miniature stuff you know
because before you'd have those
sequences of you know the the giant
mechs coming to the Power Rangers that
was all like done in miniature and
beautiful yeah
but now it's all just CG no that's lame
but yeah they still get some guy in big
cardboard suit stuff which is fun did
you guys see what's her name is Rita
Repulsa Oh Elizabeth Banks Lizabeth
Franklin I did and I mean it doesn't
look anything like the character that I
write know that what she looks like
I like Elizabeth Banks oh did you hear
about they're doing a new white hat
American summer series I did now it's
gonna be a sequel to the original movie
yep the ten to ten years eight years
later yep so great excited I mean that
series was fantastic deej a ski mask
come on it's so great I you know it was
funny it was very funny I a lot of the
jokes centered around
for instance to the movie no I mean some
did but it's also supposed to contain
with the movie she's worth a lot of it's
more than just references most of the
jokes were just references to him
I wouldn't say most I'd say the the
proper amount where it didn't go
overboard he was fine
I liked anything that gets those guys
back together again I'm okay with yeah
I'm okay with J is worthy of the mantle
because he knew the words and what is
best in life it took me a little while
but I remembered him even if he has a
tiny skeleton J could you talk a bit
about creature effects Cudi oh also the
thing commentary maybe uh can you talk
about did they talk about creature
effects in the thing commentary can you
combine those these aren't a lot about
the creature effects in the thing
commentary I don't know if it's the
commentary or the some of the interviews
really talk about how a big part of why
the effects in that movie look so great
is the way they're lit which is true
keep it all in shadow and keep it all on
shadow and covered in slime you know
cover up those seams with just shadows
and get it wet and get it wet
Chet rich is playing which is why I'm
paying virtually Bute that was that was
always a good tip that I saw is like if
you have like a little like puppet thing
and you want it to look real just get it
wet oh sure and a glistening ya know has
a little rubber right gotta get it wet
oh man I just got Krampus on blu-ray
which most like wide release movies a
lot of them I don't even bother getting
anymore sure when I if I do I'll usually
just give them digitally because Studios
don't care about like extras anymore or
anything right
but the Krampus blu-ray has a fair
amount of stuff on it and it's got a
whole thing dedicated to the creature
effects cuz it's all like puppets and
practical creatures and stuff oh not all
but a lot of it is that's great
so I was watching that and I'm showing
them the designs and how they you
puppeteered I mean everything just warm
my heart to see a movie made in the last
year that has all these like practical
creatures in it I think if you make a
movie like that it kind of has to be
well it doesn't have to be unless you
have a director that is fighting for it
that cares about stuff like cares about
stuff like that ya know that Krampus I
love that Krampus you gotta watch
Krampus I do have to watch Krampus it's
not my list
yeah show it to your kids maybe not yeah
I'm - come here ha ha
maybe band gremlins oh I can't wait be
good double seater because they're kind
of similar as far as the tone goes can't
wait for gremlins and ghostbusters like
one day gremlins and Ghostbusters and
Jurassic Park one day we're gonna have
an awesome movie night there you go
Jurassic Park they can probably watch
earlier than the other ones it's pretty
intense
yeah you know but Dee in 10 member scene
in the theater Jurassic Park and I don't
think we knew that it was going to get
that intense so we took my little sister
oh no it was like oh god how old would
she have been six maybe five or six one
once shit got real once like the t-rex
showed it showed up she was like crying
and in our laps the whole movie no
didn't wanna leave because it was so
great so we just I just tortured her for
the rest of the movie because we wanted
to watch it of course Jesus she's still
a sissy excuse I guess tiny kids are
sissies yes mr. Lister he's not wrong
yeah anonymous says I watched Inland
Empire yes and I don't get it
no how do I get it you don't great you
just absorb it boom David Lynch in
general there's no clear-cut answers
just watch the boy 2016 for the second
time so I assume you mean just watch to
the boy 2016 for the second time for as
stupid as it was I liked it I kind of
wanted to see it I didn't see in the
theater like it looks dumb but it looks
like it might be kind of fun with like
the doll little doll yeah although there
was another movie released last year
called the boy 2 with Rainn Wilson and
maybe some other people oh it's
completely unrelated but the other two
movies that came out within like six
months of each other called the boy over
the wide release one is someone with the
doll ah gotcha
I was curious to see it even though it
looked dumb as hell it did but I liked
that lady she's a lady she's in The
Walking Dead's oh um lauren cohan
i think that's her name you guys
couldn't see but I was making if I
couldn't tell you anyone on The Walking
Dead other than Michael Rooker the lady
the lady you've watched all of the
walking dead right I am up-to-date on
the walking dead yes okay Michael Rooker
do you know who that is the actor yes
who is it was in the first season yeah
he cuts off his hand on the roof in the
first season yes how prominent is he
later in the series because I would
continue watching just for him because
he's the best he's he's not here he's in
one episode
he's in a small part of one episode of
the second season but then in the is it
the third of the fourth season in what
in one of the later seasons he is
prominent okay he is very prominent and
I want to say I've really want to say
this for third I forget I don't even
know what season there are now because I
got so bored with that show but maybe
maybe someday maybe I'm like a rainy day
I'll catch up on it it gets real good
and then and it's starting to Peter off
again yeah you know it's there's just so
many bad things that can happen in one
group of people where eventually you
just want them to die because you're
like why the fuck do I care about
they're facing the greatest challenge
they've ever faced
what's the the
I mean like thrust of the show like what
are they trying to do survive just
survive there's no like end goal or like
they're trying to get to a certain
location each each season has its own
little thing okay widget that's and
that's part of the reason that season
two was so god-awful was just that on a
farm just them on a farm
yeah but then season three comes along
they have a goal in mind and then every
season after that they've had a thing
okay we're gonna do this thing or we're
gonna go to this place
maybe one day I'll try to watch it I got
so bored with it we this ooh this won't
be spoiling anything but the the season
just the latest season just ended and
and we just watched the the very last
episode of the latest season and all the
main characters are faced with their
greatest challenge ever
until the next greatest job exactly and
you know the bad guy comes around and he
said he's gonna you know he has to beat
up one of them he's like I gotta beat
the shit out of one of you cuz I'm the
leader of this gang and I gotta beat the
shit out of wanting because you messed
up my game right it's kind of an intense
moment it's fun but there's a large
group of our heroes there and we don't
know which one he's gonna beat up and
then it cuts to a POV shot of one of our
heroes as he starts beating them as the
lamest cliffhanger oh okay that was I
heard some I heard people complaining
about how horrible the cliffhanger was
that's what it was that's what it was
okay we don't know who got beat up
because it's a POV shot as he's beating
them up and so I was like oh that's the
cliffhanger you gotta get something to
get people come back if you eat up
exactly I won't know until next season
if you use that cheap bass tactic then
you got something wrong yeah that sounds
lame this super lame to be fair I don't
think it's being beaten up I think more
than was being murdered he specifically
says that he doesn't want to kill any
I've seen the panels from the comic book
it's clearly a murder they you know
mister they've changed a lot throughout
the course of the series from the comics
though probably
do-do-do-do-do man where are we hey rich
you can you complain you complained
about Nintendo 64 but now you can play
Zelda Ocarina of Time oh shit stop stop
it it moves it moves the tips when you
dip now you can play Zelda Ocarina of
Time and Majora's Mask on the 3ds with
better graphics also link between world
is 100 times better than this hyper
light shit that's fine I did I say this
is the best game that ever existed I
don't know about that this is a pretty
cool game I like the combat veteran this
mm-hmm oh yeah than any Zelda game which
is just yeah I think there's a there's
an arguments there is there's a fine
argument against Ocarina and I like
Ocarina of Time but I think there's a
fine argument against Twilight Princess
did it better
yeah yes and you haven't played Twilight
Princess in a while
Twilight Princess is oh you're nuts and
a ton of cutscenes and and and why do
you go to will phase all the timing know
it doesn't make any sense
Twilight Princess Twilight Princess is
better or Eric on a career arc are no I
know ocarina it's bad timing then time
fluid is I'm sorry
yeah it's improved on the formula it
does the same thing it is basically the
same overworld and it does it all better
yeah it does a lot of things but it does
combat better it does not do overall
game better than that ocarina I'm sorry
what is better about a career then
Twilight Princess what is better simpler
it's a simpler story easier to travel
places do you enjoy going places did you
enjoy that large empty map you did Jack
shit about you enjoy that I really did
because then like it did a moderately
sized empty field will it
to the bigness of the world and you know
when you're younger you need that big
world you need a big world then play
windwaker while Wind Waker wasn't out
yet Wind Waker didn't come out for years
until the huh
oh yeah that's it got some mood by now
we got some miss matter in here
I hate those overhead fluorescents I
think they get to be a bit much he hurt
my eyeballs but I mean you know they're
the real thing about Zelda games is none
of them can really compete with The
Legend of Zelda like that that first
original on the nest well well well a
Link to the Past sure a Link to the Past
gets close but the original Zelda with
its what I'm sorry it's just it's just
it's a prototype it's been improved upon
the original of The Legend of Zelda on
the nez has definitely been improved
about there I think there is a strong
case for the original which is leaving
it open to the player through his hand I
think every iteration away from The
Legend of Zelda has coddled the player
more and that original Legend of Zelda
brought the theme of exploration to the
forefront you you can have your opinion
it's fine and disagree with it though
okay
strongly disagree I am a hipster yes
Joshua saw CEO Jack did you get the
Humble Bundle with Ronan I sent you you
can probably complete the game in a
stream or two if you don't get the
twitch hips the twitch of all prior
twitch tips
it is now free you fucks hi Jay hello
that was Josh Joshua so Sierra call nips
now instead of give tips 1 yep we got a
new yet we got a new yep yes I believe I
did get that Humble Bundle I don't know
if I've activated it yet because
sometimes
get to do that but yes I believe I did a
peter van drone hello previously
recorded longtime lurker wanting to
throw money into the get rich some juicy
shack meat fund what would it cost to
actually get juicy shack mate cuz you
got you're gonna have to do some illicit
things you're gonna have to have
somebody whether the man yourself or or
you'd have to pay him a large amount of
money to cut off an arm or something you
don't want to get caught doing it how do
you get that les yak meat unless he
agrees to and how much would that end up
costing what what bit of the juicy Shack
do you want do you want a leg do you
want an arm
this isn't Germany he's not gonna agree
to it that's that's a real case by the
way there's somebody who agreed to be
cannibalized it was his thing really
yeah
that's horrifying that's horrifying it
was consensual cannibalization that
would be that who wanted to eat him like
a cannibal okay I mean I it wasn't like
pretty sort of research purposes or know
I'm probably sexual then I guess what
was this on Craigslist I want to eat you
I wanna eat some bunch of light hey I
want to eat somebody oh as an actual
question question have you seen the
movie 13 assassins and do you hate me
for mentioning it no no there you go
Lord Belmont Jay did you see the Vivek I
have not seen the witch right how did
you like it I haven't seen it
great I'll see it looks right up my
alley looks like the type movie I'd
really enjoy I missed in theaters it's
on VOD in a week or two I will check it
out then click recording ads we will
play it when you're not here saying it
just like that is like that
also the movie the girl who lives down
the lane is coming out on blu-ray
is it good I don't know anything about
oh hey oh hey rich what did you hear
that the witness is coming to GOG so you
can get a drm-free copy try it out it's
$40 bucks it's probably them being
sarcastic yeah we did not much care for
the witness oh Jesus
which is the battle better cynical 80s
hero flick Robocop toxic avenger Robocop
Robocop yeah was it a question toxic
avenger no cop cynical that's an
accurate representation of modern-day
Detroit its satirical see it I didn't
turn out in my stand-up timer but I'm
just gonna assume it's been an hour we
should all stand up if you haven't stood
up in a while got my legs that stand up
and if you have cashews get some cashews
template here about a week because of
fucking quantum break and I've lost my
mojo Jack I've lost my mojo
ok we're all stretched out I'm gonna
start my my official timer
doot-doot doot-doot doot-doot did it did
it it did to dogok I love the gone
everybody loves the GOG let's see where
were we
rich reminds me of the blue opera singer
in the Fifth Element
why not because of how he looks but
because of his beautiful singing voice
my clown do I amuse you with all those
things I'm supposed to you throw me a
treat I'm supposed to bark what what is
what is going on that's all I mean it
took me a while to see the fifth element
and its entirety yeah I guess the minute
Chris Rock showed up I was like nope and
I shut it off Chris Rock heard it Krista
Tucker sorry the other Chris uh-huh he
was the other obnoxious I that I shut it
off I was like oh I hated him I hated
her stuck her so much in that movie in
any movie you were you're supposed to
hate him he that but it was like past
the point of like I get like ah it's
funny that he's annoying and one more
like I don't want to watch this anymore
he was perfect I could not stand him in
that movie it took me the longest time
to watch a couple thing cubben baby
coming baby uh it was Prince it was be
pretty sweet for he was not Prince oh
man he was beautiful that role would
have been great if it was Prince oh man
yeah those were that into the fifth
element I know a lot of people loved it
but it was a little too little too goofy
for me oh man
it's great Gary Oldman a little too
over-the-top everything was just a
little too you you just got to be there
you gotta be in that moment every
watchin I don't see em probably four
then years we're not in the mood Jack
you gotta get in that mode you do about
it
yeah we're gonna do behind playing about
it until you're in the mode apparently
but maybe I'll give it a shot sometime
soon because I've not seen it in a
really long time
I like that Milla Jovovich Ryan and the
Bruce Wireless is great busy back when
he's still kind of cared back when he
had to care he's just old now he doesn't
no flex let's see here hey Jack hey rich
hey J outlast 2 is coming out this fall
and it'd be great to see J playing it
dango that's not the one I played the
one Halloween Street was it yep there
was out last of the spooky the spooky
game yeah oh yeah I just want to play
that Friday the 13th game whenever that
comes out oh yeah no I care about oh
we're all gonna play that together
yeah it's multiplayer is it is it a is
it the same computer multiplayer I
wonder I have no idea that would be
great probably not
that'd be upsetting then we'd all mean
our own computers I hit the wrong fuckin
button I completely wasted a fuckin
health backrubs not injured at all way
to go
Dennis Rodman was also in Simon Says oh
that's right with Dane Cook yes that's
right I forgot that movie even existed
well there you go there you go Jay
are there any actors that you
acknowledge are good but personally
can't stand also have you seen the wheat
yet I have not seen the witch right I
want to see the witch I mean personally
you mean their personal business
personally can't stand so that's what
they say there's like no they're good
that probably means you don't like their
acting or you just think they were good
hmm you acknowledge that they are good
actors but you just don't care for them
like I've never cared for that Shia
LaBeouf I think a lot of people don't
care for that child above especially now
but I I know people I know like in
general people think he's a good actor I
don't see it but
I thought he was fine in crystal skull
with what he had to work with yeah he
was getting that um good Ben I can't
think of any actors off the top of my
head I can't think of anybody I also
really don't like Kirsten Dunst's no no
the only thing I've ever seen her good
in is season to a Fargo she's great in
season 2 if are great in season 2 a
Fargo everything else I see your end is
good yeah but people like her as an
actress
hey guys speaking of what had American
summer are you fan a fan of the cast
early work like the state and Stella
loved the state
I watched the state when it originally
aired have you ever watched any of that
stuff oh god I love Stella I have I have
the the box set of the originals we
never had cable growing up like I was
but like I as soon as like those Stella
shorts started popping up on the
Internet about that just amazing so if
the state is anything like that I'm sure
it's yeah it's it's sketch comedy it's
you know tit miss like most sketch
comedy but it's their sensibilities I'm
sure I would love it Stella is beautiful
like I I never saw too much of the
Comedy Central show oh the show is great
too but but those early web shorts we're
in fucking sane and I loved every bit of
it the great thing about the show The
Comedy Central series is that like it's
really really good-looking like it's a
really well shot production values on it
are really high which makes the weird
stupid humor seem even more absurd and
contrast hahaha
great yeah it's great I really like that
show a lot I just remember what was the
one bit we're like he threw something
out the window or something does he
throw a hat out a window I threw your
cat and I see that was a mistake now and
it but then they just kept throwing some
other whatever that was I think I was in
the Comedy Central one no no
the original short said I was well then
they might have they repeated some gags
from the shorts on the show oh don't
remember they might have done that one I
can't remember I've watched it a while
oh that is true Sarah Chen they are
pushing Zelda back to 2017 to be
released with both Wii U and the NX with
NX also coming out in 2017 nobody
surprised but nobody's surprised like
this is something I knew it was gonna
happen like two years ago that it was
gonna come out on the new system yep
after the Wii U yep also hey Jake oh hi
yeah that's of course that's what's
gonna happen the big game that everyone
wants will come out on the new console
so they have a reason I can't believe it
they never announced the delay in the
Wii U version yet either which will
happen so they can sell more of the new
of course yeah of course Jay I have seen
people worried about the cast size of
Twin Peaks they fear it will be an
endless series of celebrity cameos
rather than a proper story with
characters are you concerned at all not
at all if you look at the cast list for
any series they're always huge there's
people that they might be in one scene
you know oh one episode there's nothing
to fear and the castle is have you
looked at any of it
no save I've been trying to keep out of
it as possible there are so many like
weird interesting eclectic choices for
it and I'm super excited I don't think
there's anything to be worried about the
the the one thing that has convinced me
to not be skeptical about the new twin
peak series is something you said a long
long time ago which is that David Lynch
doesn't give a fuck no he's directing
every episode yep if he was just like
you know like like the original series
if he just directed you know one or two
episodes and then handed it off to other
people then I would be worried but he's
he's helping the whole thing he has
creative control
and I don't think he would come back to
it unless he felt like he was inspired
you know to do it no and he does he
doesn't need to he doesn't care about
you know he's building his career he's
yeah he's been doing just fine these
last like 12 years not making anything
not making music but not doing anything
you know movie or TV related he's been
just fine
so I ya know I think his heart is in the
right place and I'm super excited
because I can almost guarantee that this
will not just be like a typical series
comeback type thing because it's David
Lynch yeah it's just not gonna be what
people think they want and then it's
gonna upset a lot of people that's what
happened with fire walk with me no more
like oh we're finally because the series
ended yeah because they didn't get
picked up for a third season mm-hmm so
the series ends on this weird abrupt
cliffhanger and so people were like oh
we're gonna see what happens we're gonna
see what I'm like no I'm doing a prequel
it's not gonna tie in with the series at
all he was so angry even though it's a
great movie it's it's gonna be it's
gonna be like that it's gonna go in
weird places and it's on Showtime so
it's gonna get fucking dark I'm assuming
I can't wait I'm so excited the new two
Indies that's great
and our flame boils not gonna be on it
so I don't have to look at her scary
face I was she's scary now uh uh Donna
from the original series yeah she had a
ton of plastic surgery she she looks
like a monster now
she was very attractive David David
Lynch likes those natural beauties that
I'm assuming he wants to keep her far
far away what now hold on guard 55 hey
rich Jack Jay my mother is feeding the
possum that I mentioned to you back in
February during the XCOM to stream
should I be worried yes yes get the
possum out of your life the possums are
rose they'll be a possum but they're
gross and they're scary and they're evil
and they will bring nothing but sorrow
into your life
get rid of it as soon as possible you
just like a possum in a garage or
something I have no I don't remember it
was a long time ago that guy from
Scotland said last tip I said lol fuck
my cock in Gaelic the Scottish language
after hearing Jack butcher it I shed a
single tear I'm very sorry I don't know
how to speak Gale you shouldn't ask us
to read things in a language we don't
know oh that's very true or spell it out
phonetically on a scale of one to ten
how much contempt for your audience do
you have a hashtag Shack meat six
I'd like to disagree but that's what
averages out to be hey rich whatever
play Final Fantasy Tactics YouTube at
work like a podcast and you inspired me
to retry Demon Souls I've never had a
final fattest person I know that's
supposed to be different I don't care
and it's not a fantasy no matter and I
never played it it's like it's like a
turn-based grid-based tactic okay if
it's tactics in the sense like they're
their normal battles are I really don't
care no no it's it's like it's like an
ex coming Grady thing it's like an ex
coming gritty thing that doesn't work as
well with melee and I'm assuming it's
thirds it's problem with it yeah
the Fanta fan if you like the thought
like like what was that most that the
Viking side of the thing one of the
banners are go yeah that didn't do much
for me and that was kind of a grid melee
type game yes I don't I don't I don't
know if melees is fun as grid-based
shooting mm-hmm I am with you Jake
have you seen the Twin Peaks Japanese
commercials for Georgia coffee I have
it's been a while but I know I've seen
them
they're weird from what I remember and
I've not seen the witch if that was
coming no I just I wanted to your answer
to viewers yep all right let's see here
movie show pitch not the Stormtrooper
protagonist one though I'd like to know
what Jay thinks Walking Dead meets Game
of Thrones mid evil zombie apocalypse
army of darkness with modern graphics
hmm part of army of Darkness is charm is
that it's got these old-school stop
motions the elephant's though yeah and
its sense of humor and its sense of
humor and Game of Thrones has zombies
does it yeah that's like literally the
whole thing is an army of zombies it's
coming to attack watch Game of Thrones
maybe there's this whole thing about an
army of the undead so get with it the
riddle of steal do you guys like
documentaries yes I love them it's all I
ever watched Netflix I also enjoy a good
document I enjoy the good documentaries
oh sure well both Kara and I we love
watching documentaries together no it's
fine great let's see here if so check
out oh I've heard about this documentary
now oh yeah I just I just watched all of
those oh yeah I've seen the great
Gardens parody one that's the only one
I've seen but it's funny explain what
these are for people who don't know
about mockumentary there's a half hour
long I'd ever seen yet Portlandia sure
it's that guy from Portland is a great
Armisen and from SNL yeah yeah and he's
I'm probably good and who's the other
guy
I can't think his name either other guy
other guy great and every week is a
different fake documentary comedy
documentary in a different style yeah
that sounds great
was it you guys who were just talking
about this I remember hearing about the
other day yeah and they're so like I
haven't seen the only one I've seen is
the one
it's parity and Grey Gardens but it's so
it's such a bizarre thing to do because
it's so specific like you which one is
that right oh the black and white it's
the two old people in the house like
it's a parody of the documentary Harry
gardens which if you haven't seen that I
can't imagine even knowing what the hell
is going on in there parody it's so
bizarre
it's not silly what I've seen Oh is Bill
Hader the other guy yes yeah but they
all feel very different though yeah yeah
like the other ones aren't anything like
well sure they're all done in the style
of a difference yeah big documentary
from what I understand like there's one
about a movie a documentary about on
like the first documentary which is
about a Eskimo in black and white and
they keep cutting the footage of that
it's one guy playing an Eskimo and how
they basically faked the whole old
documentary that was great
yeah I need to watch horrible yeah this
sounds great yeah I don't know how to
use a dogsled so we just taped his arms
to the sled he was screaming like that I
ever heard one hurt on film it looked
like he was running that dog slow I
highly recommend that one documentary
now that's on Netflix great hey Jay can
you think of a movie that had a mediocre
theatrical release but became amazing
after a director's cut hey thanks thanks
him amazing after the director's cut you
know many movies get a second life when
it comes to their video release
yeah that's I thought that was going
there thinking of like army of Darkness
there's plenty of movies oh yeah
Zoolander that didn't do very well in
the theater but it became like a huge so
movie that was bad until the director's
cut that's the that's the question can
you think of a movie that was bad in
some what are you alien 3 some don't
even like the extended cut of that but
everyone everyone is saying Blade Runner
and Kingdom of Heaven yeah I mean Blade
Runner was like a big hit when it came
out though - right people like the
theatrical I actually missed the
narration are you can still get it
that's the great thing he didn't like
from history like that all the all the
versions that have ever been made are
available still uh-huh so if you like
the narration version you can still
watch that you know you know what I
heard recently about George Lucas have a
really amusing good thing okay
supposedly way back in the day like he
wanted to expand Skywalker Ranch and
like the his neighbors in the area
wouldn't wouldn't the Amarna do it I was
like it was like a thing it was a point
of contention no Graham and just
recently on the land that he originally
wanted to extend Skywalker Ranch he's
not just like building like homes for
like just disgusting like homeless
people to put in this rich neighborhood
he's like building has anything does the
spin is I'm putting and billing homes
yes oh my god that George Lucas man he's
a weirdo and he holds grudges wow that's
kind of amazing that is really fun I
heard that and it made me smile okay
rich but says my turds are green I'm an
idiot yes yes no there's more oh I just
wanted to emphasize I didn't think it
needed to be more what was the punchline
to the question mark exclamation joke
that Mike was stepping all along and all
honestly I no longer remember there's
like a week and a half ago now you're no
help at all right I know I just don't
honestly don't remember at this point do
you know I don't know I don't know
either I'm sorry it's lost a time
send a message to Mike complaining and
I'm sure he'll email you back the the
proper punch line no I'll tell you it
wasn't as good as probably what we ended
up with sure oh yeah the interrupting
you been yeah it was pretty good
and you know the the last time I really
didn't think he was gonna interrupt you
I was really waiting for I have way too
much faith still huh still still you
guys can't beat me down at that point it
was the only way the episode was gonna
continue I had to just go through it of
course hey guys if rlm were to make a
dinosaur movie any on the t-rex rebate
great oh I saw someone tweeted at me
this is a while ago let's go now
remember how we were talking about how
there had to bend like an r-rated cut
the more gory stuff is very clearly
edited yeah you can find it on YouTube
but it's like a foreign versions it's
like a foreign TV thing someone taped it
off on the TV and like I don't Murph it
was like Germany or something like that
but it's got the gore intact
really and it makes them why I skim
through it a little bit and it makes the
movie even more bizarre with this like
graphic violence I want a real version
of that yeah that sounds great yeah
that's the only thing as far as I've
seen that you can find is like someone
taped it off the TV in some other
country in Japan
hey I can't remember it was from shit
I'm missing a thing missin a thing oh
where was the thing I what thing are you
missing a thing no it's just a thing
I don't know hey Jay says lolly battle
machine at three to two I've been a long
time red letter media watcher and I've
noticed that you've been looking sexier
as the years have gone by like a fine
red wine Jay gets better with age I
obviously what's your workout routine so
that I can get a body bye Jane
ah talking about that sounds boring
here's what you do
I don't eat as much they go go for walks
mm-hmm
and and lift heavy things until your
arms are tired okay and then stop
lifting those heavy things done because
you're tired ah so it doesn't hurt to
buy a nice bike and then don't take your
car
take your buy sure even if it's kinda
far take a bike sure if you can yeah
that's not a bad idea
I'm sure did you move more than you eat
right that's yeah thing move more eat
less move more eat less bump great uh
which of you three is the most least
excited for Civil War I recently saw a
screening of it and it's the best of
Marvel movies duck my rack what I'm
probably most excited because I'm a huge
Marvel family and I'm you know I I'm
gonna guess rich is probably the least
excited fine I'm not like hyped sure but
did you see Ultron they go probably
that's okay
we saw it wrong we did an episode on
yeah all of us how did you see Ultron
without seeing Winter Soldier I just did
a video for some reason when I went to
see Ultron they didn't stop me at the
entrance and that just didn't happen
there was a lapse in security
that's my fanboy isn't worried just like
he got see all the movies the TV show
you see the webisodes I totally forgot
that that I was on that episode and I'm
actually actually think I would like
Winter Soldier yeah what I don't drag my
ass I don't do things no okay I'll see
you eventually sure it's fine yeah it is
sort of interesting that both when
you're soldier now under soldier Civil
War and Batman vs Superman both have a
story elements of people sort of paying
for the consequences
of all the collateral damage yeah from
the previous movies yeah I think that's
interesting that they both have that
element and I think one is gonna handle
it significantly better it's possible
one was a reaction to the criticism of
Man of Steel and then the other one was
a fuck you were gonna criticize Man of
Steel I'd no I don't think Civil War
well I think it's a criticism one was a
reaction to Man of Steel and one was a
well-thought-out plan from the beginning
I'm actually thinking about age of
Ultron with the member where they
destroy the building and Iron Man goes
out of his way to buy the building
before he smashes the Hulk into it they
address that then that is any dog I mean
the end of Ultron like they go out of
their way to save every civilian but
that's just because they're you know
heroes that's what you do and that's
what superheroes do except for except
for a Man of Steel that's fine but I do
believe that the buyer man buying the
building before I smash it was just kind
of a fuck you know I I don't think so
because they would have been in
production around the same time or know
when mannaseo I guess would have been a
little bit earlier but yeah I've been
wrong many times I I guess if it is it's
a that's a very subtle fuck you it's all
needed to be Jay are you a Japanese
horror fan have you seen The Grudge or
the ring only the American ones oh no I
did see the ring I saw the original the
ring I didn't see the original The
Grudge oh okay and that was the next
question is where they saw the Japanese
or American also there is a grudge
versus the Ring film being released in
Japan I've heard I ever I know the
trailer is online I haven't seen it
that seems it seems like a weird concept
but why not it's crazy
okay greetings from Ireland you fucks J
have you seen animo Lisa not yet and Moe
ah Lisa how do you present Annamma Lisa
anomaly thing like Charlie Kaufman movie
I still haven't seen it
on VOD now so I'll get around to it rich
Jack interested in new doom game yes we
do thank you rich likes doom we're
probably gonna do something I like your
old school shooters and if as long as it
plays like a good old school shooter
I'll be just fine with it you hide the
hull for generate them I miss health
packs
I like health packs in games I like
health packs J and Jack do you know how
to speed up uploading videos to YouTube
you get faster internet that's the only
yeah it's pretty much the only way or
make your video size smaller
what kind of compression Airy using
eight point two six four is the
preferred but no there's no faster way I
do I use Adobe the Adobe suite and I
like using Adobe Media Composer because
it starts uploading to YouTube as its
rendering out and so you can set it to
upload to YouTube as you are exporting
it and then you know you're just doing
it all in one thing instead of exporting
it and then uploading it to YouTube via
browser but it doesn't work all the time
but I don't think there's any way to see
I would want to have it all exported
before uploading and I think because you
might run into an issue like that one
best of the worst we had where the we
exported it and the video was all
garbled and we had to read export it and
re-upload it if it was uploading as it
was exporting then I mean I guess you
would have it on private so you could
still write it before it's I guess like
either way if it's messed up you have to
re export it yeah I was realizing that
as I was saying as like I guess it's on
private so you can watch through the
episode before you make it public
absolutely unless you're too dumb to put
it on private no always have it set to
always well advised to might not realize
this well you can have that in your
settings where anything you upload is
automatically private until you make it
otherwise yeah so also if you use me
Adobe
encoder I always have it's it's a
private which is the nice thing about
the export function in Adobe you can set
it to private you can give it a title
you can actually even like incorporate a
description and tags that it
automatically has to you - this is nice
that sounds very convenient it's great
it's a great thing to use and I like it
that's why I like the idioms the atoms
hello I'm Sarah hello Sarah
J are the cats in the blanket video
yours
they were my roommates okay
one of them has sadly passed away do you
remember their names
ACORN and Lona ACORN and lo are they
both of them acorn is the one that that
plant gets fucking acorns dead oh oh oh
Lona was a black cat I don't even
remember
I just know acorn was on the gun part
and your roommate was okay with this or
did they not know hey weren't there at
the time great I'm sure they were fine
with it oh wait was that oh and I'm
designing a shirt for you what size
would you prefer thank you they're
designing us they're designing a shirt
fetish I think this is for Jay only oh
oh oh oh don't give Jay a fan a shirt
medium I guess okay thank you jack Jay
and rich was great to see a new
commentary track on our line I mean I
shouldn't be included in that but that's
fine that's just a enrich I mean I'm
glad you said hi I guess I'm saying they
need to be specific I need them to be
specific nobody is ever gonna bitch you
by name again no thank you
no I prefer it that way the good news is
that I enjoyed it immensely the bad news
is that you made me watch Masters of the
Universe that hard to watch
I mean it's got barf in it how bad can
it be
I come in peace
everybody cool I have I can't be great I
need to rewatch that movie what's it I
come in peace
Dolph Lundgren's a cop and there's an
alien from outer space and he keeps
saying I come in peace but then he kills
you nice and he's got this like disk
thing that he that he throws around and
it flies around the room and beheads
people nice that sounds awesome
J speaking of David Lynch that's how far
away these these tips are yeah
Mulholland Drive is on criterion Blu Blu
ray where's Valerie yes absolutely
no I mean if you like the movie if
you're frustrated by how abstract it is
that no but if you like the movie
absolutely it's worth buying the
transfer is gorgeous there's a great
interview with David Lynch Naomi Watts
on it hmm it's a good release that
criterion they don't skimp they do not
they do not hey Jay what's your opinion
on the criticisms
yeah sure you know what we can talk
about this what's your criticisms on the
whitewashing regarding Scarlett
Johansson's castings as Makoku stay on e
into ghosts in shell films I don't know
no opinion I it's I heard a thing and I
think you said this wasn't true right
that they were doing like tests to mate
digitally make her look more Asian like
that's a fuck table and and according to
the company they were doing tests to
digitally do that to background
characters not to Scarlett Johansson but
why were they doing it to any characters
I don't know the idea of doing it at all
is sort of weird right I know watch max
Landis's videos about this he has more
insight into it than we possibly could
he has a very unique take on yeah well
he talks about it for more of the the
industry point of view and why stuff
like that happen right where it's like
it's kind of shitty but you know there's
so many factors that go into like movies
and how they get made and what if she
does what's cast a really good job
they're all good it shouldn't matter
it shouldn't matter in my opinion well
the fact that the character is supposed
to be Japanese
is like it's not like just like nobody
complained when there was speculation
that the new Peter Parker was gonna be a
black guy nobody complained I refuse to
believe that nobody complained I'm sure
I'm sure several people people are upset
about but it's not some people were
upset
yeah a storm being black sail about that
because they're minorities are generally
underrepresented in movies and here's a
part that easily could go to a minority
and was given to a white lady I think
the real problem is the way in which
they drew the anime the characters
nationality is kind of ambiguous see I
don't know much about ghost in the
shell' so that's a factor and I'm sort
of like oh like it's it's it's an Asian
name and it's an Asian lady but you know
the way they draw women generally in in
anime you know they're kind of that
and nationally neutral okay if that
makes any sense but yeah I mean Richie
might be great in the role that's not
really the issue right the issues you
have a you have some people who are
underrepresented and here's a perfect
opportunity to and gave it to a white
lady I mean she's probably she's great
good actors will be fine in the movie of
course and of course having a name in
the movie gets your movie made in the
first place exactly although that's a
whole other the max landis video right
see I you know I I think the only thing
wrong with his perspective is he is
coming at it from a solely big-budget
movie perspective which but I think
that's actually part of the problem
where the way in which people make
movies now is changing and we're moving
to more of a smaller budget industry
that doesn't invalidate what he said
about why they made the decision I made
no no no it doesn't invalidate I mean a
smaller budget industry I think I think
more yeah all the big movies are getting
more and more expensive every time
Batman vs Superman made seven hundred
million dollars and it's a disagreement
yeah exactly I think more movies are
coming out with a smaller budget not
necessarily in theaters well there yeah
yeah that is I mean those you're gonna
get all sorts of diversity that's of
course that's a completely different
thing but I I think that is where the
industry as a whole is shifting because
we are getting more products and smaller
really shifting though I mean those
movies exist and that's I mean I'm more
interested in seeing that stuff most of
the time well it exists and it's getting
a larger market share that might be that
might be yeah but they're still gonna be
those big blockbuster movies absolutely
and that's you know that's what a
general mainstream audience goes to see
they don't seek out the smaller stuff at
least not yet I mean that might change
but like we're getting there with with
the success of Netflix originals oh yeah
that's true that's a factor you know
where we're getting people producing
movies who weren't around
10 years ago producing movies you know
and so I think the there will come a day
in which the smaller movies are made
where we don't need to worry about
casting a certain name to fill a certain
role we will just put the best person in
that role sure and I also agree that now
the only reason that movie got made is
because Scarlett Johansson is in it it's
a weird thing to get adapted to ghost in
the shell' because a general mainstream
audience I'm sure is completely
unfamiliar with source material usually
and stuff like that think it's made it's
being made for name recognition
sure go see the show later on you know
what I think you're under estimating how
many people have anime now maybe I'm so
out of the way so there's a whole
fucking generation of people who grew up
with anime at this point yeah I guess I
think I think the reason we haven't seen
an anime adaption adaptation many much
much in the way of this in Hollywood
suppose the Hollywood executives are
older people who did that grow but I
just don't think they know how popular
it could be yeah that's true well and it
is lesser-known which is why according
to Hollywood insiders you need a better
starting an actress in it and there
aren't any big-name Asian actresses that
you can put in it that will sell tickets
according to people on the inside
according to people that know more about
the industry than us which is I mean
nothing we know nothing no nothing but
nothing ah this question may be too
spoilery for a new show but if read it
first and determine that oh I I did read
it first
um that is too spoilery anonymous about
fargo season 2j if you could non-spoiler
eyes it what did you think about
the peculiar thing in the ending of
Fargo season 2 I think that's impossible
to discuss I know I think that is very
spoilery though so I don't wanna yeah
let's not spoil it ok great
sorry not spoiling it hey rich what
what's your favorite aid software game
quake 2 quake 2 both they're both fine
choices well Ryan Smith I can say both
Brian Smith would like to point out my
hypocrisy jack five minutes ago let me
tell you about how the industry is
changing jack just now i know nothing
about the industry both can be true this
is how i see the industry changing I
also know nothing about the actual
workings of the movie industry I gave
you my opinion on how I see it changing
I'm fully admitting that I could be
wrong I probably am wrong but I'm super
right and everybody knows it see how I
can say all these things that contradict
your love to try and point out what they
see is hypocrisy don't think you know
you once said this but now you're saying
this I see that in comments and stuff
once in a while
mm-hmm it's fun I I think what the
person said this about this one specific
movie therefore it applies to every
movie always regardless of context or
genre or genre so now you're being a
hypocrite I get that a lot as well but
you thought this way about one game and
thought differently about a game that
was a completely different genre that
doesn't make sense
I guess you need a you need a staple
response which is you are so clever for
pointing that out
thank you thank you for being so very
clever all the people who point those
things out Game of Thrones doesn't have
enough muscular Australians in
loincloths for my tastes very true
too many wimpy Englishmen are there any
studio properties you'd like to fuck
around with if you had the chance
je ne what property studio properties
you you get a chance to direct a major
motion picture oh gee but it has to be a
remake or a sequel yep
small wonder I want a gritty lie a
gritty a serious reboot of small wonder
one with a little girl Robo the little
girl robot
what about boom what about Conan Jane
would you like chance to do Conan right
not really I'm not big into the whole I
mean I like the first cone a movie but
I'm not big into the whole what do they
call that genre and swords and sorcery
sandals that shit sandals yeah yes they
have sandals never I never would have
put that right out there was so like
something in sandals I can't think of
what they call it but okay so you
wouldn't you know gritty like a great
big budget reboot of small wonder I love
it it'll be it'll be about identity and
what it means to be human
nice if you like ex machina kid that'd
be great or elf
definitely all right oh but instead of
Alf you make it a xenomorph and it's
actually integrated into the prometheus
alien universe okay but the family so
it's it's a xenomorph crash-lands and
this family's garage and the family
adopts it okay but they the family
reacts to it the same way they would
react react Alfre like oh that's silly
but it's a giant Xena Martha giant Xena
more edits and it it actually it eats
the cats it catches all the cats it does
leave the family alone because they keep
buying new cats to feed it what about
elf just itself but it's done as a
horror movie where he seems friendly but
like secretly he's implanting the family
with a spawn we're gonna jump out of
their stomachs sure and like neighbors
start mysteriously dying yeah yeah yeah
ever since Alf moved in all of our
neighbors died that's so weird
Oh help me Rhonda let me sing a
royalty-free 50 song now all right I'm
going to assume that Alf does not hold
up I haven't seen it since I was a
little kid but I could guess that it
does not hold up it's going out on a
limb there dude it's going out on a
goddamn whim I have any of you but
probably just Jay's seen the IFC
presents Greg the bunny shorts with
puppets remaking Classic Movies no no I
remember there was a Greg the bunny show
is that different than what you're
talking about
I must say it was just a series called
Greg the bunny I never saw it but also
does no one know what the yips are like
in sports ball what the hips
no oh is the yips
is that like choking apparently the the
the Muppet characters from Sesame Street
the uppppp that's right like it's got a
weird soccer thing
yep in soccer no it's a sports ball
thing I think that happened that can
happen anyone I know who gets the yips
I've heard of this before I've never
heard this I have I've heard of the the
IPPS before the hips is from baseball
that's why I know I've never heard that
hold on
ah yes okay it is it's like choking it's
when you get a mental block on something
simple and just can't do it I've heard
of a duck snort but I haven't heard of
the duck story that's like a short fly
ball or something it's it's not a very
well hit ball ah no I think like the
yips is like if you have a pitcher who's
like known for his fastball for some
reason just can't get his fastball
working he's got the yips got the yips
the yips I have heard of this thing what
happened to the nuki tapes they're still
there we just need a couple more that's
the problem
everyone thinks that this is a bit and
everyone thinks that we're joking when
we say we need just a couple more before
we're done but we really just need a
couple more and we'll be ready to go
with all you've gotten sent any in a
while it has been a while so get on it
we can't continue on with the project
until we get a couple more I think I
think you're under estimating how many
you'll need that thing's huge you think
that thing's huge
hey yeah but I read almost there yeah
it's almost there we just need a couple
more I think I think you're okay
I tested out the right arm yesterday and
I think you're gonna need at least 50
more tapes just just go just in that one
area really and you know what rich we've
talked about this before it's really
good to have a couple backup just in
case of catastrophic failure but we
don't need that many more yeah we don't
want to over engineer it right right
you're overthinking this
and like seven of the tapes were bad I
couldn't record over them with satanic
imagery oh oh well then yeah then we'll
need at least seven more than okay
in addition to the couple more in
additions with a couple more so nine ten
maybe that's a yeah
greetings from Brazil a big fan of rlm
and prereq will you ever play the
classic infocomm text adventure games or
is it too risky boring to stream it if
it is a just text adventure like not
graphics based only text that might be a
little boring you need some sort of
visual but I think maybe maybe let's see
here would you guys ever do some kind of
competition where you pay for a chance
to play with you two in a multiplayer
event that no probably not
people pay money to play a game with us
in a multiplayer event it's weird
probably not like you know we've done
that a couple times where it's like come
and join us in a game of rocket League
and like this time only subscribers come
in but yeah we usually leave it open to
everyone as yeah but no no it would
never we would never do some where it's
just like pay money to play a game yeah
that'd be weird you know what that'd be
weird 20 bucks 20 bucks kid what do you
want to play risk that's 15 checkers
35 you want another game that's another
15 we're not monsters
Morna I mean we are monsters but not
that kind of monsters Jay have you seen
the invitation uh yeah okay oh it's a
candid film what no unless the
invitation is a new movie oh sorry sorry
I was putting their sentences together
also what is the best made movie from
Cannon Films that's made movie I thought
they were saying that the invitation was
the best movie no no the invitations a
new movie it's alright
is it is it Masters of the Universe
is it maybe thinking about it I mean
some of the effects in it are kind of
lousy oh yeah Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2
is a well-made movie and there's no like
shitty effects in it so that might edge
it out just by that fact but it's also
not as you know big or ambitious so well
made what your song it's a tie between
Masters of the Universe and Texas
Chainsaw a message to this is what we
got to work with this is the joy of
Canon films by the way they're saying
runaway train oh yeah that's they
mentioned that one in the Canon films
documentary that's one I haven't seen it
but that's one that's supposed to be
like a legitimately good movie okay I've
actually been meaning to watch it
because of that documentary but oh so
probably that one but I haven't seen it
okay Tom Selleck or Burt Reynolds
Reynolds I don't know Tom Selleck's is
pretty awesome
for what no general I think Burt
Reynolds has had a better career than
10-percent Lee Burt Reynolds now Tom
Selleck been known upper Reynolds now
he's sort of a sad old man now I would
rather have sad old man than crazy old
man Tom Selleck is he crazy house he's a
gun nut
well that's politics he's allowed to be
a gun nut know he's like he's like a
crazy good
listen I'm a gun nut like I just like
guns and cool and cool with them but you
know he's a crazy one Burt Reynolds was
in Boogie Nights so that automatically
okay
you know what you're right yeah okay
you're out of it is also in cop and a
half yeah done so and the monkey one no
that's sorry that's Clinic was Clint
Eastwood know every which way every way
probably way you can yeah - monkey wants
what he did to movies with that monkey
Clyde the monkey did he yeah good
for him I've never seen either of him I
know this cuz my dad like them okay uh
any chance of doing a jobs commentary
the backstory of the film alone is truly
epic actually don't know the backstory
of the making of Jaws there's a great
documentary about it like a feature
documentary about it
jaws could potentially be a good
commentary I don't know it's a great
movie what jaws for just for it's got
Michael Caine or they they stab the
shark and it explodes yes no reason
oh and apparently haps is there's a
documentary about the making of jaws but
I don't know if a movie based on the
making of jaws would make a great film
I'm team jaws for I don't know if I've
ever seen the whole thing I remember
liking jaw I haven't seen jaws three
since I was really little but I remember
liking that one because of the setting
cuz it was in like like a SeaWorld type
place I might even done SeaWorld but
there in one of those like tubes that
goes underwater where you can see the
fish Center on you and then the Sharks
like slamming into it I remember that
like that idea scary me as a kid cuz I
we used to go to SeaWorld when I was a
kid and so I could relate and that idea
of the shark just like slamming into
that thing when you're in there like
that scared me mm-hmm I know the movies
terrible but that part got to me that's
good yeah it's good hey fuckos
I guess that's us what do you guys do in
work everyday I assumed a lot of days
are editing and filming but what is but
that is over what do you see the Plinko
thing why every day is different every
week is different mmm what else
guitarist I'm done no that's a question
we asked yeah what do we is what should
we work on what do we need to get done
what do we need to work on so it's
always different mm-hmm
which is great oh yeah like right now we
need a shitload of new key tapes just
putting that out there
well I thought we only needed a couple
more but apparently there's a whole
broken part of it so we need to know
like a few more than we thought
beatable hey Jay have you had any luck
appealing Sony's DMCA against The
Revenge of the Sith review uh no and
without without getting into too many
details about it everyone likes to go
fair use fair use for use it's a lot
more complicated than that as far as
like because there just goes the whole
thing is fair use but that's you know as
music issues and things like that so
we're gonna hopefully get it re uploaded
somewhere else we've been kind of busy
and I haven't really focused on it but
we will get it back on the Internet's at
some point answers you'll never see it
ever again never again ever never I just
like that because it's like it's very
accurate and also very vague just to be
like it's it's complicated
yeah people people like to a lot of
people especially now that that's
becoming like a thing everyone's talking
about fair use and stuff people use that
word as if it applies to this yeah some
people treat is like this magic word
where it's like you should be able to
put anything you want on YouTube because
of fair use or it's like no oh it's a
lot more complicated than that it's a
it's a ton more complicated than that
and also as we've discussed previously
it's YouTube they don't give a fuck and
yeah there's that too oh look at that a
video of a kitten falling over with no
copyright issues that all just had a
billion views and made YouTube a shit
ton of ad revenue they don't care about
the the mr. blanket reviews
rich what what goddamn life-sized
haha I didn't get it I want that juicy
Shaq meat says you know you want some
eat it eat it with your mouth okay great
uh hey Jack hi a couple of streams ago
when talking about sci-fi settings you
mentioned Steven universe do you watch
the show if so what do you think if not
you totally should
yeah I do that's a new one I've been
picking up with my boys and it's really
fun and shockingly cute and also has a
good action in it which is really hard
to come by like you know it's very
adventure time where it's cute good
action and and funny I really like I
I've only seen like half of season 1 but
so far I'm really enjoying it that's
Steven universe it's not a Cartoon
Network show it is a Cartoon Network
show it's about a little boy being
raised by magic gems the crystal gems
okay and there are a superhero team that
like fight big alien monsters and he's
just like a normal kid and he's like can
I come too and it's cute it's really
cute
and his dad is also around and he has a
big mullet and is a human and it's so
it's kind of weird not it's great
alright it's a little weird it's a
little like like is this a big allegory
for divorce or no
it's neat I think it's deep but it's
cute enough where you don't have to
decode epin to it so it works on a
surface level and possibly on a deeper
level yes that's great yeah so it's it's
a really nice uh rich but what is your
favorite shade of purple
I don't know purple shades purple
great keep it simple purple shade of
purple hey guys with the success of
Deadpool as an RA to cover the movie do
you think
any hope for dread sequel no maybe a
Netflix series and there's something
about that recently in the news all
right about a dread Netflix series is
that just people want one no here would
it be a sequel no to dread or would it
be something new here's why well Karl
Urban wants to come back is dry I wanted
to for a while but by the way breaking
news an actor wants a steady job but he
I think he really liked that character
like he knows the movie flopped yeah he
just liked that character it was like it
that whole thing was just him though
going like yeah oh I'd love to do a
dread Netflix series no that was a nice
and yeah I'd like to yeah it wasn't
Netflix or the producers or anyone
willing to give it money it was just
like hey I like that than that I'd like
attacked in that more yeah I would think
more likely is just another reboot
because if you make a sequel to that
movie that movie flopped so I didn't
want to associate with that hmm so let's
be a new thing maybe it'll bring Karl
Urban back but it won't be like a sequel
to that movie it'll just be a new drug
thing it was anything I mean I could see
kind of like a yemenis trend it's a
comic book movie and so it's like it
doesn't need to be a sequel where it
could just be like another mission you
know dread that's what if anything
that's what it would be yeah it would be
without Karl Urban it wouldn't be called
dread to write because like dread it'd
be like haunted then punisher movie with
Thomas Jane and then they did Punisher
war zone right it's like I guess it's so
time machine wasn't in that one but it
was still like I guess sort of a
follow-up but not really right right I
hear were the good things about that war
zone I do too I've heard it's incredibly
violent but I haven't even seen it the
daredevil punishes pretty good dude I
mean good bad that John Barrowman I had
a tough walking dead guy guy walking
dead guy yeah his name is man the
fucking Punisher is his name cuz he's
great as the Punisher
yeah yeah yeah John Baron Thal thank you
John go John Baron Thal as the Punisher
is brilliant Rollo
he's his bro have you guys ever tried
video games
what no we've never tried this is the
real question have you guys ever tried
video games or movies ah don't bother
they all suck hijack rich NJ thanks for
hanging out always a fun time what
sometimes guys I'm sorry it's not ready
I'm just not ready for your silly he's
making a goof maybe I'm not ready for
the goofy yet what are your thoughts on
Kevin Smith as a director at this point
do you think tobe Hooper is more I came
to M night Shyamalan and one of his in
that he only directed a couple good
movies wait who's tobe Hooper directed
Texas Chainsaw Massacre okay that's this
will get back to that after we stand up
everybody stand up cliffhanger we're
gonna talk about Kevin Smith and tobe
Hooper after this short stand-up break
yeah why not stand up rich it's good for
you
I'll have to stream for a little bit and
now we're coming back and now we're
coming back never everybody get ready
get ready it's coming back
what I gave up on Kevin Smith not
because of his movies but just because
of all the other shit he was doing I
just got tired of him yeah he's all
those podcasts and don't like us
constantly I spoke weed all the time now
I like to talk about how I smoke weed
all the time
I'm wordy and I'm going through a
midlife crisis I smoke weed all the time
that's a little bit of a midlife let me
tell you about how much I love smoking
weed all the time but like I remember
after you know you
he had his evening widths and it's like
oh these are great he tells great
stories then he started up his podcast
he's like I hate listening to all of his
stories are great and then he ran out of
stories yeah and so that's why I stopped
watching his movies yeah it's it's weird
I have such mixed feelings on him
because like he's he he quit filmmaking
he said he was retiring yeah and now he
makes these bizarre little movies where
like he just doesn't give a fuck anymore
which is interesting and I I think I
talked about it before but I actually
kind of like tusk yeah you did um but he
there's a movie that just came out
called holidays it's a horror anthology
okay where every it's a bunch of
different filmmakers and they were all
assigned a different holiday and so they
made a short film center groundmass Oh
Valentine's Day and there's the father's
day one the father's day one's the best
segment but he did one Kevin Smith did
one okay cuz I guess he's considered a
horror film maker now cuz tusks and
whatever this next movie is I think is
another horror related thing okay
so he did one and it's one of the worst
most embarrassing things I've ever seen
it's awful oh and it come makes the
whole movies pretty good most of the
shirts are good but it gets to his and
the whole thing just comes to like a
screeching halt so he's he's hit and
miss yeah I you know it's like I guess
listen he will always have a place in
filmmaking history oh yeah well
especially like people of our generation
like our age oh god works was such a
huge deal I submit it is still a huge
deal like showing what can be
accomplished on such a low budget and
with such a weird filmmaking style I
reared filmmaking style you mean kind of
inept to shakespeareans the fact that a
movie that rough-around-the-edges could
go on to be such a like a you know a big
hit at festival won't be a big deal and
be a commercial success
clerk clerks was the movie that proved
that anyone can make a movie yes and
it's a big deal yeah oh yeah no I will
always have a soft spot for the early
Kevin Smith stuff because of things like
that oh yeah later stuff hit miss yeah
but I haven't written him off completely
everything more completely is like a
personality like I find him very
obnoxious as a person maybe he'll settle
down one day maybe but but he's still
like the fact that he's now just making
whatever the hell he wants something
like tusks where he's like I don't care
if people hate it I'm just gonna make
this weird stupid thing uh-huh I I kind
of appreciate that hmm and tobe Hooper's
made like three good movies and that's
it which is more than M night Shyamalan
so he's better and I've got that one oh
no he's got two you got two good movies
yeah let me see what's the good Toby
hoopla movies sex Chainsaw Massacre
obviously mm-hmm I love Texas Chainsaw
Massacre too
he did a movie called the funhouse
that's really great it's really like
really well shot and really atmospheric
and creepy okay he did poltergeists
although some argue that Spielberg
ghosts directed that right I don't know
how much truth there is to that but I'll
count that so four there's four good
ones oh we did life force one of the
craziest movies never going back to
Cannon Films that's the best made cannon
film life life force is like an epic but
in every 15 minutes it turns into a
different movie
it's amazing that's so fucking weird I
remember thinking that was interesting
and trippy when I was a kid it is it it
I'm not gonna call it a great movie but
it's it's interesting and it's bizarre
and it turns into like an end of the
world
epic towards the yeah I saw that at B
fest with you guys yeah and it was on it
like 4:00 in the morning and I kept
falling asleep during it and thinking I
had woken what kind of during a
different movie yes brilliant it starts
out as like a space exploration thing
well and then it becomes a what's the
next step in the evolution of that movie
I was asleep there becomes the the the
new vampire woman starts oh that's right
starts seducing people then it becomes
an end-of-the-world epic I just was it I
just remember watching that like 10
years ago and going oh my god that's
Patrick Stewart yeah that your Stewart
well cuz why not cuz why yeah that's a
crazy fucking movie so that's five good
tobe Hooper movies boom and then he went
to shit no well I got you got a good
five out of the time pretty good eaten
alive is sort of weird and interesting
it's not very good but it's stylized
them in a way that it's kind of
interesting to look at but but can you
diminish the effects of it but you can
settle down you know I was the movie
that the famous Lima Tarantino put in
Kill Bill he's like my name's buck and
I'm here to fuck Robert Englund says
that in eaten alive nice signs Len flick
ocinski wants to know why signs is so
polarizing and it's it's very I think
the answer is very simple
is M night Shyamalan made two good
interesting movies yes he may made The
Sixth Sense
and then he made unbreakable and then he
made sign that's the unbreakable is kind
of a polarizing movie too I like it a
lot everyone should like it I could I
guess I could see it being polarizing
but people liked his movies and then
signs came out and everyone was
expecting great things and it wasn't
there's a lot in signs that I liked
though that's the frustrating thing is
like some of it like turn Sienna gets so
trite and stupid
yeah the whole swing away nonsense right
it's all connective everything about a
man that rediscovering their amazing
food yeah
hey Leanne but some of the early stuff
is good sure but I think people still
wanted to hold on to that M night
Shyamalan is our next great see the
Spielberg he's our next big imagina Tori
amazing it's like oh okay you can make a
bad movie and then he got caught up in
the twist thing and yeah it was the
whole thing but I'm the village I think
that was the next one right oh jesus H
Crimson people that like that movie and
I know there were there were some nice
visuals here and there I like the
monster things before you figured out
what they were or they have a stupid
reveal and then you know the kinda nice
color and no blindly chase some of it
was fine but then you get to the
revealed really yeah really really
haven't seemed signs but isn't the
reveal that they're actually in modern
day that's the village you talk about oh
oh sorry I mean that I mean the village
I mean the village it's not a twist in
the signs that it's been signed since
modern day you know that from the
beginning I've seen silence and the
Twitter said that's the twist the aliens
are allergic to water and they invade a
planet that is 75% water yes cuz they're
smart but in the village spoiler alert
well it's already been spoiled by right
yeah oh come on it's been a decade if
you can't even have you ever been
bothered to see the village by now will
fuck you deserve to be spoiled yeah it's
worse is that it's actually well past
the spoiler expiration date yeah I saw
the village of the theater and that's
early on in the movie because at that
point everyone was expecting the twist
from his movies nope that was probably
yeah well that's the thing is like early
in that movie I I was like what's the
most obvious twist and that's what I
thought of and then it happened and I
was like no really like the most obvious
stupid twists the one I guessed almost
as a joke and that was the twist
oh no and like every I think everyone
going into the theater had both
twists pain because it was a to twist
movie right I guess the monster yeah
we're really the the elders yeah and
that there in modern time is like
everyone knew both of them right from
the get-go what drove me nuts after the
twist and this is sort of nitpicky I
think but it bothered me is okay it's
revealed that it's modern time but it's
this little village they want to create
like olden times right raising their
kids like that why do they put on fake
English accents like if they're raising
these kids in this environment that
they're you know this is just their
reality like what they can talk however
they want to be yeah LARPers let's take
character they committed to the vid but
why do they need to have English accents
it doesn't matter they don't the kids
don't know anything else that was their
fantasy we want to be in ye olde England
I guess then you gotta remember to do
that all the time right
yeah used to it after a while I've tried
I was in the village you crazy

[Part II]
you crazy alone or our chances I've
listened to the commentary track for
Batman and Robin at least 30 times oh my
god and at a section you mentioned when
you when you think of Joel Schumacher
you think of his notoriety wait for it
what that's the whole that's all wait
for it I don't know what that means
what's his notoriety I don't know okay
sorry loner arts on everything we send
up the commentary oh wait here guys
sorry he tips again later my question is
there any other director with equivalent
or greater noah
notoriety as Joel Schumacher hold on my
question is is there any other director
with equivalent or greater notoriety as
Joel Schumacher ruined of Batman
franchise what what read them one more
time my question is there any other
direct question is there any other
direct is there well listen is there any
other director with equivalent or
greater notoriety as Joel Schumacher
ruined the Batman franchise is there any
other so we're talking okay another dude
franchise that's confusing it cuz I
don't think he means to say any of the
director in the Batman franchise that
has the same notoriety I think he means
any other director that has an equal
level of notoriety as Joel Schumacher
has for ruining the Batman fracture okay
alright I think I think that's where
he's going I think that's what that
means
is there another Roman Polanski that's
the first thing I thought of he's got
some notoriety but if he means notoriety
in terms of a director that famously
ruined a franchise
Bobby George Lucas of course who did who
did who's the notorious director for
hire who did x3 Oh Brett Ratner Brett
Ratner yeah he kind of ruined the x-men
if you don't know his name he's not his
he's no yeah if you just mean a director
who has an
Turia's reputation and not related to
ruining franchises then yeah Roman
Polanski's at the top of the list
followed shortly by Woody Allen no no
because what Yellin is all like there's
there's allegations but no there's you
know he's never gone to jail or anything
another big one is victor salva who did
the Jeepers Creepers movies he you know
I don't want to talk about victor salva
look him up if you're curious he's a
fucking monster and he still makes
movies and it's sort of creepy oh
alright but uh yeah looking looking
looking the victor salva 'he's past if
you're not familiar the fact that he's
still getting movies made is sort of
gross reverence and uh Sinatra says
plants key is innocent you know that you
can tell because I like his movies well
that's the that's the tricky part is
someone like Roman Polanski or it's like
you know he has this past but he's also
great filmmaker and he's made some great
movies I love Rosemary's Baby sure but
now any less of a ticket I'm sure but I
mean that's the thing is like how can
you watch a movie and and block out the
the personal life of that person sure
yeah I don't think I could ever watch
The Cosby Show again not that I have
much desire to watch The Cosby Show
right right right I think all that Roman
Polanski movies that I like and have
seen were were made before his troubles
though or his incident so his incident
so that that kind of factors into it
incident Jay how adorable okay you
should do a commentary track on the fly
since the 30th anniversary of the film
is this year oh my god it is love the
fly watch the fly every day I watch it
probably once every couple years okay
how much pretty regularly that's pretty
good it's one of those ones that I
always have on rotation that's a good
one
Craig nation says I was listening to the
stream at work and Rich's laugh was so
loud the entire office asked what asked
what it was
I ended up explaining the splendor that
is rich Evans to work riches laughs a
concern
confirmed for not-safe-for-work okay I'm
sorry that's very true you should have
known that though you should have known
that going in hey guys speaking of The
Revenge of the Sith review will you ever
release the in HD version of the plink
at Star Wars reviews that would require
going back in and we've talked about
this like if it were to happen it would
be a very long-term project because I'd
basically be re-editing the entire thing
yeah I mean the a lot of the footage is
taken from DVDs so you have to go
through and you know replace all that
footage with you know blu-ray footage or
HD remastered footage it would be a very
time-consuming process so it's it's not
I'm not gonna stay completely out of the
question but it would be a lot coupled
with the fact that they have a habit of
being taken down isn't her easier
reading something you've already edited
is it is it harder because you have to
like rematch exactly what you did before
and you're not just free-flowing doing
it I would say that's that's well it's
so time-consuming because you have to
find like the exact frames and get it
exact oh and then there's no Drive yeah
exactly is creation right right it feels
like work as opposed to feels like you
know being creative you guys looking
forward to the new Shane black predator
film yes absolutely
I'm looking forward to the nice guys oh
yeah that looks good
Alex fun oh that looks fun yeah that
predator movie it's I think Shane
Black's directing it but he's writing it
along with Fred Decker who I didn't
think even worked at Hollywood anymore
he wrote their shame blacken him rope
the monster squad together the classic
Oh discovers last night we already
watched it is the car
I think that never wasn't quite a
classic as a kid but that was Shane
black and Fred Dekker wrote that and
then Fred Dekker directed Robocop 3 and
he was never heard from again but I
guess those guys are still friends or
something cuz he's pulling for a Decker
out of obscurity to write predator well
shit now he's got that Iron Man three
money shame but I can do it everywhere
Sega's Shane Black is in the first
predator he didn't write it he's just in
it as an actor briefly for some reason
he's one of the guys you know one of the
guys at the beginning oh that's funny
he's the one when they're on the plane
and they're on the helicopter that's
telling the story about the joke about
his wife's pussy black oh really yeah
oh that's funny that's great can I can I
preemptively do something here
of course good wrong but I remember I
walked up the Mandarin someone was was
on Twitter the other day talking about
the problems with Ironman 3 with me
because of course I really enjoyed it
and you know arguing through Twitter is
so is so efficient don't even do it it
would bother it's like how can you get
your it's a hundred and forty anyway
they may they made a mention that that
all of the suit swapping in Ironman
really it's clearly a bad movie because
all of the suit swapping takes away the
entire power fantasy of Ironman because
he can just so easily swap out suits
to which I replied Ironman is into power
fantasy he's not Superman
you don't like Ironman because he's a
big strong guy you like him because he's
really smart and can build things he's
clever
if you want a power fantasy you want
Captain America of for in those movies
and so it's just like maybe you don't
understand what you're watching that's
fine
anyway yeah Tony Stark's like an asshole
drunk yes supposed to be any sort of
like fantasy I wish I was that guy like
he never thinks herself Oh Iron Man so
strong yeah but if he's he's smart he's
smart that's the fantasy
is oh I want to be as clever as Tony
Stark yeah and I let's see where are ya
bitching I've heard about the suits at
the end is why didn't he do that earlier
cuz they were buried under all this shit
and he remember when he kept on checking
if to see if things were unburied and
then once they were he did it like that
and now fairness no one wants to be
Superman now either oh also alien 5 is
back on oh yeah I heard something about
that great I didn't know if there was
any validity to it or not but of course
just the thing that popped up because
yesterday was apparently alien day oh is
that the one the alien five said the one
by what's-his-face Neill Blomkamp yeah
that's gonna ignore three yeah ignore
three and four which I don't know I have
mixed feelings on that when sequels do
that when they're just like yeah we
didn't like these ones so we're just not
gonna acknowledge them not even not
acknowledge them we're gonna erase them
it makes you look like a big asshole
if you fail like Superman Returns yeah
yeah yeah well like isn't there way to
kind of have your cake and eat it too
where you maybe just don't mention them
or it takes place like like if you seen
Creed
I haven't yet and I really need treats
really great and it's acknowledges the
entire franchise even like the stupid
silly one where he fights the Russian
uh-huh like they find a way to work that
in without you know without it being
silly that's great like it acknowledges
it without dwelling on it but it doesn't
like try and ignore that this shitty
sequels you know didn't happen right the
blue blaze we probably won't do that
tonight but we have played enter the
gungeon on stream before I want to say
we dedicated an entire like five hours
to that game enter the gungeon
enter the gungeon the gun when are you
gonna play enter the Gungan
it's a Gungan googan gongoon let's see
here rich as a fan of documentaries have
you seen the hunting ground no do you
know what the hunting ground is that
heard of that one the title sounds
familiar
ok well then watch the hunting ground ok
shadow illy 5 says how much did space
cop really cost $12 well I mean you saw
that refrigerator full of hotdogs right
so you could imagine that's we had thug
money those work donations no but how
many packages the hotdogs are in their
refrigerator like I have no idea maybe
maybe 20 so that's like what $12 $13 12
$13 this one I'd say have you watched
the series comic book men on Netflix no
it's Kevin Smith's friends running a
comic store but he only intros and
outros each episode for some reason it's
super entertaining and relatable I think
I saw I saw one episode of it and I was
like all these people are boring and so
I didn't watch any bored yeah yeah that
doesn't and it felt like I know reality
TV like it's all staged but it felt more
stagey than most
so like Pawn Stars that's what that's
what it is it's Pawn Stars well it's
it's part of it's Pawn Stars because
people come in to the comic book store
and they're like how much would you you
know buy this
I don't work I can't stand Pawn Stars
it's so fake I've never watched it but
it Bernal departs of the show are like
that then the other parts are like the
wacky adventures that the you know the
the cow book store employees get into
you know it all just felt very stage II
and the the people were borings Pawn
Stars is all oh you just happen to come
into our store with this historically
interesting thing right when we just
happen to be filming now I'm going to
pretend to haggle with you about it and
if it's
thing really nice that you don't really
want to part with in real life you're
gonna turn our offer down because this
is all staged bullshit yeah I mean all
reality TV looks let's be let's be real
come on Stars hire somebody you could
fucking act we're gonna do that shit
it's the whole point of reality TVs you
don't have to hire actors yeah all
reality TV is 100% Pawn Stars that was
so scripted it's it hurts the product Oh
people don't care people watch hours
I've never seen it I love it
rich Jack rich when is the next board
game stream it has been a very long time
Jay keeping us no one's the next 70
dollar donation it's you know we'll try
a lot of times it's just being rich and
to two player board games free and
probably wouldn't be that exciting also
when we're playing a board game it's
really hard to pay attention to the chat
because you have to all pay attention to
the board game I think I think we had a
board game - I know but just had to be
an understanding that there's not gonna
be there's not gonna be yeah we're
definitely and I'm going to say this
absolutely going to do another Halloween
board game stream because right now I
have like 20 horror themed board games
go and I love them all and I just want
an excuse to play them more often so we
will definitely do a Halloween themed
board game stream but we'll fit one in I
swear I promise you
who knows when that's kid moment seventy
five dollar donation thing don't try I'm
not trying to move guys man you gave me
$70 we're not gonna have a board game
streamers you still give me $75 yes now
junkie that would include betrayal on
house on the hill which is one that I
love and that's coming out with an
expansion pack recently also what is it
called city of horror which is a zombie
game we played recently that's pretty
fun mysterium which is a spooky ghost
investigating
board game that's I don't know if it
would work well as a street but I just
think it's the most interesting board
game I've played in a long time and
Marvel legendary because it's a great
game it's not a horror but it could be I
guess we will get all the the horror
themed guys great okay let's see here
hey guys how do you feel about the
sudden death of international music
superstar papa when be on stage in the
Ivory Coast him in my case I don't know
who Papa Papa will be no idea never got
a couple letter are trying to saying I'm
sorry for my confusing question but you
all answered the question and gave more
than what I asked for
especially J so more money for you again
I'm sorry I apologize if he looked up
victor salva oh let's see here thrombus
the gore Lux has just wanted to say that
I'm a lifelong Ironman fan and I could
not give less of a shit about the
Mandarin twist he's not Tony Stark's
Joker Ironman is not and has never been
about the villains well there you there
you go yeah that's I think that's fair I
think that's a Marvel thing in general
ma you know Marvel Marvel has very
interesting heroes and not necessary we
talked about this a little bit ago they
don't have the greatest rogues gallery
Marvel all they got is Lloyd I disagree
with that but in the movies all I got
that's charismatic and interesting is
Loki well that's just Tommy Olsson well
that's yeah exactly but that's all I got
as far as memorable villains yep that's
why he comes back for every single bit
he's even a robot in Ultron
the Mandarin twist a popular dance craze
a while back I like that that was a fine
joke rich what's it heal AJ or everybody
what are you no no I'm just asking to
know what are your thoughts on asking me
either
you'll see me getting upset well they
know that I was being upset for both of
us hey J more I'm more upset that they
typed in or everybody like you would ask
J no no no they said everybody started
if you want to participate
I don't cuz it's J or everybody what if
I don't want to answer that's been built
up so much I don't even think you should
read the question too bad what are your
thoughts on 7 I rewatched it the other
day I forgot how great the atmosphere is
in the movie probably my favorite
Fincher film would you agree oh god I
love 7 it's not my favorite my favorite
zodiac but yeah it's a good movie
I love I mean yeah the atmosphere is
great Kevin Spacey's everyone's great
it's great movie yeah but I really loved
earlier me is the the captain or the
police chief or whatever he isn't that
I've seen in a while there's one part
when they're having a conversation - the
phone rings and just picks it out he
goes this isn't even my desk then he
hangs up nice little moment you see that
internet video that was going around a
while back or not a couple days ago
about a guy who really hates Kevin
Spacey know who hates Kevin Spacey it's
apparently this and I mean who knows if
it was effect but apparently this guy
hates Kevin Spacey and refuses to watch
Kevin Spacey's movies so his friends
constantly trick him into watching Kevin
Spacey movies and so they filmed him
while watching 7 where you know he
doesn't get
to be in the middle so she's very late
in the movie and I thought it was a
rather funny internet video that sounds
like it has to be fake because I can't
imagine anyone hating Kevin Spacey you
know that sounds about right
what's there to hate he's a great he's a
fine actor he's got a dry wit when you
see him in interviews he's charming you
see like he he constantly like people he
people catch him jogging on the street
and he posts he he poses for selfies
with he's a great guy
think that Kevin Spacey he's a good good
fella figured you could dude maybe I
liked that season 1 of the president
show he's in that's all I saw I still
haven't watched that I know David
Fincher he directed at least one episode
where he produces it right I think so
yeah
I mean it's Kevin Spacey he's great yeah
he does a whole thing where he talks to
the camera it's awesome jack is one of
your horror themed board games Arkham
Horror Call of Cthulhu or mansions of
madness if not get Call of Cthulhu do
you guys say Cthulhu or Cthulhu Cthulhu
cut the loop I said Cthulhu - I was
that's what it is
I I've heard two people separate from
each other while discussing it call call
it Cthulhu I've always heard it called
Cthulhu and it is th yeah yeah anyway I
have neither of those but I will look
into them because I'm always looking for
board games because I love them so much
uh have you guys seen an American movie
of course cores at the Milwaukee
premiere of American movie movie made
about walk well not about Milwaukee but
in Milwaukee we've made American movie
for anyone who has not seen it American
movie is a documentary about a man
trying to make a no budget feature film
and it is one of the best documentaries
about creating something with no money
yes ever ever in the history of
filmmaker
American movie is a must watch for
anyone who does anything in the creative
field
it's an insane movie it's hilarious it's
a lie I love it I love it uh-huh at the
premiere I didn't remember how I ended
up going to the premiere it was like
shortly after I moved to Milwaukee and I
don't think I even knew what the movie
was someone just said it's a movie that
was actually shot Milwaukee's is like
okay so he went and Mike shank who was
of course the the best friend in the
movie he sits down like two sins next to
me and I didn't know who you know he's
just the guy sit in the theater then the
movie starts and he's in it and I look
over as like oh it's that guy
but then after like ten minutes into the
movie to the big Milwaukee premiere
probably his first time seeing it he
gets up and he leaves the theater and
then he was just gone that was it I
don't know where he went I don't know
what happened he's just gone for the
rest of the movie
that's great he used to live near me too
oh no back in the old the old
garbowsky's apartment I would always see
him at the bus stop on the corner I I
disliked I disliked the local celebrity
that mark Borchardt has yes because I
don't much care for him I it's a great
documentary and I know there are people
that think he's like inspirational and
charming and funny or whatever but don't
completely agree when you look at
outside of just the movie you know but
you know yeah great movie great American
movie is a great movie and everyone
could see it
yeah I wasn't paying attention I got hit
oh just say he's an asshole it was cool
to know I don't think he's an asshole I
I know I know nothing of him okay no no
he's not an asshole but it was cool too
cuz I was I was going to UWM at the time
and so much of the especially towards
the end of that when he's editing kovin
he's doing it at the UWM you know
facilities the film department
facilities so like seen the entire
campus and seen the editing room and all
that was was pretty neat that's right
he's making a feature film called
kovin
and he doesn't wanna call it coven cuz
coven sounds like oven and that does
that just doesn't work and that's a real
thing that he says not that is not a
scripted line that is a real thing he
says in the documentary I'm calling it
Kovan because coven sounds like and
that's all you need to know about the
movie go fucking see it
I need to rewatch it a movie you know
what it is inspiring that movie is
inspiring because even that guy can make
a movie is well even that guy can make
that movie well he made it he made it
and he's been making a follow up movie
for like 12 years now Oh has he but
something like that yeah well the whole
thing was he was making kovin to sell
and use the money from Matt to make
North Western which was the movie he
really wanted that's right that's right
and and then his Uncle Bill died and
gave him you know an inheritance and
that money was supposed to go towards
Northwestern right Northwestern's never
been made but he was gonna make another
thing called scare me and that's just
never been finished for like 12 13 years
something like that I don't know but he
made Calvin and we got a great
documentary out of it the greatest the
greatest uh hey guys what
how did spacecab do compared to feeding
frenzy also will you do an independent
stay commentary for the sequel of this
summer well space cop does stuff in
space with the space gun and feeding
frenzy as far as I know does stuff like
mostly on earth this is true so that's
what they do differently that's what
they do different if you were to compare
the things they do
do you have the next commentary track in
mind I we've we talked about some things
but nothing set in stone
okay so we shall see great oh nice hint
wink wink I get it see now you know you
tip the hand too much right I know I
know it's gonna be now you see me
starring Jesse Eisenberg we'll see and
we'll be getting a sequel that like
magician heist movie now you see me with
Jesse Eisenberg that is getting a sequel
yeah what's the first one a big hit I
don't know anyone that's seen it or ever
talked about it ever nope somebody at
the studio liked it I guess they liked
it a whole lot they liked it a whole lot
hey guys can I could I intern with our
LM no I want to learn about filmmaking I
have experience with editing but none of
the rest of the filmmaking process
well fuck man go make a movie go make
stuff shit post it online but make it
you don't need to intern to make a movie
never first post your first thing online
no never
maybe your first 10 things don't post
online yeah yeah even if you think
they're pretty good just hold on to them
just hold off hold on to them nah man
just go make a movie you don't need it
you don't need an intern you don't need
you don't need to work for nobody just
go make some shit it's great
oh the real valent van is explaining
Cthulhu the actual sound may be taken as
something like Co Kalu who with the
first syllable pronounced gutturally and
very thick the you is about like that if
I'm not I'm like cool isn't the actual
story behind the name that he
deliberately picked something which
wasn't really pronounceable to make it
more alien so arguing about how to
pronounce it in itself is a little
strange
oh maybe maybe Coppola was Taconic
what's the proper way to pronounce
something you're not supposed to be able
to Flakoll barkal oh okay and he said
it's so it's supposed to be like the H
is supposed to be like guttural
thickness like you said like
unpronounceable like cough ah yeah but
everyone pronounces it like we do so
don't feel bad yeah thanks van yeah
Michelle says Cthulhu is pronounced to
Zak's key you're probably right
it was just weird just I guess what was
even weirder about two people separately
calling it Cthulhu
was the fact that I was having a
conversation about Cthulhu with two
separate people it just came up randomly
twice which don't don't fake it you need
to fake this is just what's happening
have you guys seen the film eyes pirates
starring Robert a little Rick when I was
a kid and strangely I don't remember a
thing that happens in it anymore yeah
I've actually never seen it I think we
have like three copies here they're
saying total best of the worst material
I'm sure it is amazing pirates who's uh
who's Robert Ulrich who's what Robert
Ulrich is the guy it's a nice pirates oh
okay that guy what would I know him from
I don't know you oh you don't know if
you related to Lars Ulrich oh no from
ice pirates I've never seen I'll look
him up cuz I probably know from
something the name sounds familiar but I
can't I can't picture it is that it is
it someone from ice pirates they're
saying what have you guys seen the film
ice pirates starring Robert Ulrich okay
I will look at all rich or all Rick who
ice parrots also has a young Ron
Perelman Oh Robert Urich
oh yeah Robert Urich he was like a TV
guy Spenser for hire that was his ha
yeah yeah that's right I don't know a
little before my time but I vaguely
remember it
I remember Spenser for hire Erin old man
not before my time but when I was very
little Rose not really paying attention
to TV yet
oh well as he also anonymous spelt it
with an L Ulrich
okay and it is uric uric Rob Robert
Urich sounds way more familiar yeah yeah
yeah yeah oh yeah hey there oh man Fargo
Oh Fargo you're hilarious
I want to watch the movie I was thinking
about it the other day I haven't seen it
in a while we do we just rewashed it
because you know the TV show it's a
perfect movie yes that's that's the one
I would put on the list of completely
perfect movies absolutely absolutely
it's just it's so simple it's just so
minimal everything about it just works
yep
it's great Fargo is a perfect movie hey
guys but you ever think about playing
sieve five together on stream or with
the community never used to be a part of
any community we've never thought about
it probably Sarah Lee our type of game I
think that could be fun like playing a
civilization game it might be my attempt
again were you uh you know build up
Ghandi crush you specially yourself Jack
I speak only for yourself it might be
well I was I was saying my network for
the stream okay well that's different
but it could be fun if yeah I guess it
could be anyone anything's possible also
do you guys go to Brewer games at all to
tailgate if I bring the Spotted Cow will
you show up I'm a White Sox fan but I've
gone to a few Brewers games with Karen
just because you know they're a baseball
team in town now and it's a good stadium
yeah that was an era yeah it's got the
dome Rizzy think you're going you
sitting you're watching baseball game
what do you want
the domes all broken though Elizabeth it
leaks oh really
they have to like the people who work
there have to like stand with buckets
when it rain oh Jesus like it's a it's a
horrible mess no yeah well I'm not going
back there that ever never I'm not going
to a place with a faulty dome
I've been tailgating before I don't care
about sailing yeah me neither
oh I love it you sit and you drink and
eat food and it's terrible and everyone
has oh but you know everyone doesn't
like it's it's like a it's like a giant
party but then you have to watch a dumb
baseball the word sport it's just the
worst part there are long periods in
which absolutely nothing happens that's
when you sit back and enjoy your hotdog
that so that kills two minutes out of a
hundred baseball has found the perfect
balance between excitement and
relaxation you because something can
happen at any moment
that's true but it never happens so fast
you can't fucking keep track of going on
baseball of all the sports it might be
the boringest I'm a heavy basketball I
hate basketball
yeah basketball is fine already got
bounced the ball fuck I don't watch
games on TV but occasionally I'll go to
a game that's fun Jackson fucking
asshole I will not apologize for my
hatred of baseball
it's a dumb sport
but you know you gotta get a thing you
drink in the morning you drink in the
morning and Chan has a good point there
saying golf oh yeah oh yeah golf's
pretty boring I don't even consider that
a sport like golf is more of like a
leisure activity you know it takes skill
though of course oh yeah does but it
like I saw someone mentioned fishing as
a sport like sure fishing is technically
a sport but that I also consider a
leisure activity yeah that definitely
more so than golf and it's like any time
I've been golfing that never has it been
like about the actual you just walk you
hit a ball and then you walk yeah and
then you hit a ball walk
I used to golf regularly which is a
weird thing to say cuz I'm not that old
mini-golf is better it was great because
there's obstacles and windmills
windmills there's waterfalls those make
everything better and everyone knows
that yes absolutely you know what Jeff I
used to know of a mini golf place stump
in Chicago indoor mini golf place
trippy place looks like black lights and
whatnot but during Halloween they would
have like hire people to dress up like
zombies just to walk around the course
that's fun it's fun so I guess the moral
of the story
sorry boobity bibbidi bobbidi him is a
boopity boopity is you probably won't
see us tailgating but if you see us out
you can buy jri a beer cuz we drink beer
don't buy richer beer as he just won't
know what I mean he'll know what to do
with it just don't do it won't do
anything
it'll be wasting your money you know you
know buy him a beer and then he'll give
it back to you so I guess you'll have
two beers and that might be good loner
art John says I looked up victor salva
oh he's a creep I now think shoemaker
isn't that bad
yeah also I kind of want my money back
but whatever listen Jay said look him up
at your own at your own peril just
realize that's part of one of those
giant skulls oh yeah this game is
beautiful just beautiful looking shadow
Elite five has apparently a very
important question
can I be your maid no no now you can
help I'm sorry to answer for everyone
but yeah no that's right okay great
you want money I mean no matter what the
answer's no I
okay well shadows
you can reach rich at his new twitter
twitter handle at I want that juicy
shaker's I know I just made my tongue
stopped working occasionally someone
will tweet at us and it won't just be
like aunt red letter media they'll tweet
like at runner media and Jay balm and
like you were 10 sometimes and there
there is an aunt rich Evans on Twitter
and occasionally that gets attached and
it's just some random guy and it happens
frequently enough where he's probably
like what the fuck again cuz he has
nothing to do with any of this these
weirdest - is it a troll I mean is it a
fake me though no no it's just some guy
that has the name rich Evans
so his Twitter profile is not that rich
Evan I don't know if people just like
don't they just dad at rich Evans not
knowing who it is sure that maybe it'll
be rich history just cuz I'm not gonna
do it I'm certainly not gonna fuckin do
it should just make a rich Evans Twitter
account for what purpose though we doubt
stupid things I say every now and then
well then you make the rich ever doing
this I barely use my Twitter you think
of it as yours
let's see here Jack and rich or the
other guy Susan whatever you should
watch cricket the sport games range from
12 hours to 5 days long it's like golf
and baseball times 100 it's great there
was a period there's a period of time in
which I went on the internet and tried
to figure out cricket you got to
understand what a crumpet is to get
cricket I know what a crumpet is it's
like a sweetness line from Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles oh it was original
motion picture oh I do not know that I
understand what a crumpet is don't know
that line from Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles I'm sorry I watch that movie
every day after school as a child watch
that movie a lot I've watched it
recently with with my children but you
know it's just like it yeah that's one I
was curious if it would hold up with
kids now oh yeah there's enough
shenanigans to keep them through the
boring times they got worried when when
Raphael got hurt that gets intense yeah
he's passed out and they put him in the
bathtub in the farmhouse shit gets
intense but then they really liked it
that April and me I was making drawings
of them they thought that was ok it's
all straight from the comics yeah except
it wasn't Raphael it was Leo oh nothing
out of the farmhouse and she does the
sketches and stuff yep oh that's that's
neat I don't remember what the sketches
look like I'm assuming they got Eastman
and Laird to do her sketches in the
movie yeah I'm assuming I think I think
that's the case that'd be cool but I
took some time and like I tried to find
YouTube videos and I tried five like why
did you do this
just like in my head it was like cricket
is a popular sport like I understand the
rules of baseball and the footballs and
soccer but like I don't care about it
but it's like people watch cricket maybe
I'm a cricket kind of guy I don't know
there's this whole world of cricket
watchers jay and we don't
nothing about it it's true and I still
could not figure it out
I took some time let's see here jack
rich have you guys seen The Killing Joke
trailer there's a trailer for the new
Killing Joke I saw some kind of footage
from ride oh that was the official
trailer but ok it'll it'll come out
sooner or later
rich is already sold on it he doesn't
need to say don't really I don't draw at
the mouth for things and Men adults
what's the animation style like like
what's the look of it I haven't seen
I've seen anything for it I I believe
it's it's a more stylized version of
like Batman the Animated Series so it's
gonna be very you know very deep black I
don't remember it looking that much like
Batman the Animated Series visually you
don't maybe eyes maybe I'm looking at
the wrong thing I'll look it up again
Jack I'm looking it up I heard darker
sure but otherwise Oh No
hold on Batman Batman tez has this whole
minimalist thing going on and this yeah
that's what I thought I saw deco vibe I
don't I don't think The Killing Joke has
that oh oh that looks ugly
I hope that's not in so what you're
saying is you haven't seen the trailer
apparently not just the trail no this is
a Western this is an ad kill the ad
first and then I'm getting there oh
here's the trail we're watching the
children everybody looks fine
you saw what I see that looks ugly
whoops at this before
Oh God
Oh yuck The Joker looks terrible no
Joker looks awful that's what yeah I saw
that still
you know I think it looks fine
rich is a Killing Joke apologist is a
abject
I think it looks ugly it looks ugly and
it looks like you're considering the
dark subject matter of that story it
looks too much like a kid's cartoon like
a cheap kids like a cheat yeah like the
animation looks cheap the movement and
stuff looks cheap
rich really likes the The Killing Joke
story and so he's gonna apologize I
think they're trying to keep it to look
like the kind of problem here's the
thing though you get Mark Hamill and you
get Kevin Conroy you just you just you
just do something else do you listen to
it like a radio play all we really want
is to hear Mark Hamill do that
performance probably really that's true
and that's that's very true it's just it
doesn't look great
I mean needs more frames our Star Wars
movie makes him fall off another cliff
oh well so they are live reaction Jay
have you seen the 1964 film failsafe no
there you go it's the movie if I'm
remembering it right is that the movie
that dr. Strangelove is based off darker
in tone than dr. Strangelove same a
theme but in my opinion a better story
noface parody so it's a drama fail-safe
V Byrne says from Shanghai with love
thanks red letter media for being the
best thing on the Internet
YouTube is blocked in China but I bought
a VPN just to watch you guys like
nothing else worth watching on YouTube
well thanks B burn thank you you're are
you being illegal by watching red letter
media watching internet film critics for
watching a fat man say I want juicy
Schekman thank you sure was carried out
immediately after the guards were mostly
confused
yes Thank You frosty soon as The Killing
Joke looks like a Newgrounds movie yes
it looks like one of those like how it
should have ended cartoon parodies the
animation looks adequate I only care
about the voice-over I know I know all I
care about
I hear you and I use it looks like
Batman and the Joker they don't look
like anime characters like like like
weird bubbles are appearing over the
head like what are they doing the Teen
Titans they make the goofy faces yeah
it's fun they do the goofs it's fun when
they do that they're not doing whatever
sudden they get the big head when
they're screaming is neat you know what
there's some style that's some style if
you guys do sunless sea and do your
funny voices can Sonny bombs please be
the captain of the boat I know rich
thinks it makes him a terrible person
but those things are those are things we
do for art but had to be thematically
appropriate Sonny bonds works because
Sonny bonds is a fascist cop it works
for the character right absolutely
absolutely but yeah I've heard good
things about sunless sea and it's on our
list of things to play we chose this
tonight just because we knew Jay was
gonna be here and this is a nice thing
to play while we can jibber something
let's see I think would take a little
more concentration doo doo doo doo
J did you film any behind-the-scenes
making-of the plinky toe board
people are wondering um I think we did I
don't think so
I was always here alone doing that shit
for the most part oh yeah I think we
were working on other stuff at the time
um there might be a little bit of it I
think Mike Mike Mike might have filmed
saw might if I look through the people
on it here's a fun fact it had to be
remade
yeah original the original design was
too fucking heavy
well you with Mike when you bought the
materials for that uh who who bought
them really we wouldn't want the
materials and I think we just weren't
thinking about when they were all
assembled how heavy it all got because
they instead of buying like one sheet of
4x8 plywood
mikage a bought for 4x4 extremely heavy
wooden chunks I think there was a reason
for that and I don't remember they
seemed pretty smooth I'm assuming that
was your reasoning I don't think it was
that no there was a reason we wanted in
four sections but I could not tell you
what it was why would you ever want
something like that in four sections you
have to make into a smooth surface I
don't remember I don't remember where
logic was and so these things were heavy
to begin with and so I just had to start
slapping wood on the back to reinforce
it all mm-hmm so these four sections
wouldn't come apart because they're
really heavy so I had to use a lot of
wood which just made the whole thing
even heavier it was so heavy and then by
the time I did that and put the pegs in
I went as far as like putting the pegs
in and painting it that I painted yeah I
painted it I think right next I put the
payoff hated yeah I would have been
painted first and then when we went to
me and Jamie want to lift it put it up
on the stand I build for it we couldn't
get it up on it was too heavy too heavy
to lift up I mean we could lift it like
off the ground but to lift it ups and
you know at the right angle and lift it
onto the stand it wasn't happening for
stand I made like I didn't think it was
gonna take the weight we don't wake up
Mike what do you think we gotta get rid
of Mike I gotta be fine and we all tried
we still can't get it up
The Stand was still be able to be reused
which that was the more complex piece
the actual front of the board is is not
that complicated
now-now-now yeah
the stand is great though thank you
it's basically just sitting on a giant
easel hmm yeah yeah you can't even see
that I guess you just see the front of
the board and the the sides on this
version they're just insulation foam
hanging off of a four by eight chunk of
plywood they look great yeah I think it
looks good on camera you can't really
tell that's where I came from and mmm
let's see here would you rather only be
able to watch five movies a year
randomly selected from all theatrical
releases or one movie of your choice
every two years one movie of my choice
every two years in the theaters can we
watch these things later on video well
well you can watch them wherever you
want but you have to choose between you
know one of your choice so it could be
anything or randomly selected theatrical
release you could watch it at home but
it has to be ever so I don't watch oh
okay so I can't watch anything at home
either no you can't oh well no no yeah
oh these are the only movies you can
watch what about what about more than a
year after the fact can i rewatch the
stuff but then that's your one movie the
only movies you can watch are either
five randomly selected movies that's all
that's in a year well so that's randomly
selected between any movie ever made
it's all gonna be garbage well within
the year I assume a movie that came out
that year yeah they're saying okay so
all the movies that came out in 2015
randomly select five theatrical release
in in 2016 what I'm saying is can i
watch any 2015 movie I want yeah what's
the logistics these are very important
questions if you want to answer this
very yes
serious question yeah I mean when they
say one movie of your choosing do they
mean one movie from that year yeah as
well or just any movie ever because then
you're never watching any movies for
those five and it might suck yeah hmm
interesting
Nico :
my boys call me Dad Nico :
well that makes sense had a list of
questions and things they call me dad
mostly because I'm their dad but Jay
what are your thoughts on raising film
funds through cour crowd-sourced funding
crowdfunding sourcing sites do you feel
these sites are fair to both filmmakers
and the people who invest it depends on
the campaign sometimes it might be
somebody who legitimately needs fun 19 I
even just films but any Kickstarter type
thing yeah might need funds legitimate
need funds to do what they want to do on
or sometimes it's just somebody who has
the money and they're just trying to
build much as I can yeah it's it's been
abused so much and like everybody does a
Kickstarter for everything and it's kind
of devalued it I don't know I have
really mixed feelings about the whole
thing I think I don't want that one hand
if you if you're having so much trouble
raising funds for your project that you
have to resort to Kickstarter then maybe
there's not enough interest in the
project to make it in the first place I
think that's a factor a lot of times
could be yeah I don't know it's it's
it's complicated and I've seen some
stuff funded on Kickstarter that turned
out really great but then you just see
so many people abusing it - mm-hmm yeah
you know it's
this was a Kickstarter I think oh yeah I
think so well you know a lot of games
are going well I don't know much about
cuz I know you you follow video game
Kickstarter type stuff I don't really
follow these things I surely Jack does I
do
oh yeah Jack yeah I don't know anything
about like video game stuff on none
Kickstarter it's pretty much the same
and you know like uh you do have to be
really cautious about your wording
because a lot of people do say they
invest in Kickstarter's and invest is
not a wholly accurate word because
investment usually means anything aside
from whatever the perks are exactly well
investment means like you you have like
a stake in something you write something
and that's not exactly what's happening
here
no the but kind of like an invest it's
not at all what's happening well but
kind of like investing your investment
could fail and so it's like a mixture
between a pre-order and an investment
where you are pre-ordering something but
that pre-order isn't guaranteed to come
through sure or if it does come through
it might not be the thing promised and
so in that way it is kind of like
investing but you in no way have any
stake or ownership in this thing yeah I
know that was a huge thing when when the
oculus rift sold to Facebook because
that was a kick started you know virtual
reality helmet yeah and then all the
Kickstarter backers started freaking out
like hey we gave you money for this and
now you're selling it of course they
hire you can do what they want you gave
him the money sucker yeah they can do it
they won't and it works really well in
some situations and not so well here's
my question for that were they people
who donate to that Kickstarter I'm
assuming that we're getting an oculus
yeah through the Kickstarter they said
were they still getting around yes
exactly that the fuck up exactly they
got what they were promised but that's
this is what I'm saying is you have to
be really careful about using that
investing word because you don't own an
oculus you you're gonna get the thing
you paid for I'm curious about something
yeah yeah would Facebook have been
legally obligated to give it to them
Facebook wouldn't have but the oculus
people still would have been yeah yeah
yeah
what is the legality event of the I'm
sure I'm sure there's some sort of I've
never kicked I've never started a
Kickstarter but I can only assume
there's some sort of legalese when you
create a Kickstarter that you in full
faith intend to live up to your end of
the bargain what's what's the difference
between all right I'm gonna start a
Kickstarter to make this game okay I
make the game then they don't give you
the game
yeah as Moses I'm gonna start this
Kickstarter to make the game and then
they just don't make the game in either
case you don't get the game wait I'm
sorry I say the same thing twice
you start Kickstarter to make a game
yeah one option one one way this goes is
they actually make the game they do make
the game that's just whatever stupid
reason this and you know what I'm not
gonna give you that game you're gonna
have to pay pay full price again and
they just did his own give you the game
from the Kickstarter nation that's one
thing that happens or you give the
people the Kickstarter money right to
make the game and then they just don't
make the game at all well and that has
happened a couple times and people who
have been thought to cheat the system by
like say not making the game at all
they've you know been sued and had you
know Kickstarter has gone after them for
the money to return to cuz you can
figured you could make the argument that
the person who donated to the
Kickstarter and didn't get anything cuz
they didn't make the game why don't they
get anything I don't know I'm not making
any sense you're not making any sense I
think you have if if the if the
kickstart II doesn't live up to their
end of the bargain you do have legal
recent resources I think I think what
I'm getting at is is is Kickstarter a
legally binding contract can you make
whatever fucking promises you want on
Kickstarter and no matter what you get
can you just fail the deliver and they
can't do anything no they can do stuff
okay and and stuff has been done legal
why League legality wise
no one can talk
it worked you know like it works well
for little ideas and unfortunately it
requires some trust it requires some
trust but it can work out the for
example the darksouls board game
Kickstarter these these people wanted to
make a board game based off of a popular
video game franchise and even have our
talking with the video game makers to
kind of make it official another
kick-started it you know because they
weren't sure if anyone was interested
and I get two emails a day from these
people because they keep meeting stretch
goals like I want to say their original
goal funding was something like fifty
thousand dollars they made a million in
the first day yes and now it's like okay
our next stretch goal is at a million
two hundred fifty thousand made it in
another hour
okay our next goal is that 1.5 million
made it in the next hour Wow
it's insane and you know that's great
and and all of the stretch goals they're
being really great Kickstarter's because
they're saying anyone who who's already
paid for it you get all the stretch
goals and everything you get without
paying anything extra and sagu that's
fun but there's so there's good and bad
and everything and you can say that
about just regular business people
that's true there are shysters and there
are good business people we had any
updates and strife you know what I just
did get an update on strafe today how
weird that you would say that Oh
probably because we're talking about
Kingston Ohno but I just got an email
earlier today and I didn't read it oh
and another update from the Dark Souls
which meet met another stretch goal
yes here's an update by strafe just this
evening
let's see what happened is straight
hold on I feel that we need to make a
change to strafe doo doo doo - Doo Wow
yep yep yep this might not be good
I have no this is way too long they're
still working on it is the point Jack I
remember you saying Mad Max fury road
didn't look good ahead of its release
did you know you're remembering
incorrectly someone on the internet said
that you said that which means it's true
Jetta no fury road was one of the few
times I got hyped about something yeah
yeah I don't think I had any feelings
about it before it came out and it's a
great movie I don't remember saying
anything negative about it no I don't
remember you said anything negative
about it and we would have talked about
it probably's I mean it's not to say
that that didn't happen but I remember
it so yeah I like fury road I like it a
lot it's a fine movie do you like it
enough uh you know what I haven't liked
it enough to see it again and I really
want to watch it again it upsets me that
I have not seen it since the theater
it's a theater I have not seen it since
the thing it's worth re-watch Jack the
strafe update is basically that they are
shortening wait wait don't go away don't
go away explain it to me and in short
term they're shortening a run of the
game from two hours to one hours because
it flows better that way pretty much the
same amount of content purely a design
choice oh great so it'll take one hour
to complete is what we're saying
yeah but it's a roguelike and so you
know you need to play it many many times
I literally just listened to the podcast
where Jack said fury road looked mad
like 30 minutes before this stream
started what podcast what podcasts delay
me there's a prereqs it could be a pre
rut I might have said Matt like if you
said it looks Matt that means you think
it looks terrible that's what that means
Jack maybe what you can think a trailer
it looks mess and you could see the
movie it would be like oh I was wrong
also man means nothing
Matt means not good not bad just mad
maybe you don't know what Matt means and
you know that's a that's a Simpsons work
maybe it's a regional thing maybe it's
man being something different in
different Oh sure that could be it Matt
some places means man that's son Matt is
the perfect is the perfect word I love
like I have no no strong feelings in any
direction that's what Matt means you're
right I said I hate the movie and you're
right you're right guys all right you
know what's up you should be ashamed I
should be I should I hate it and you
know what I hated it when it came out -
it sucked oh man that was such a bad
movie unbelievable is what it was that
was my real problem just you know how
could he survive in the front of the car
for so long he'd have to be breathing in
sand for unrealistic that's what I hated
the most about Mad Max fury road there's
one thing I want for my escapist fantasy
films its realism absolutely
I got with a coke says yeah J ever have
ever have to watch a film for school and
we're glad you did I don't think we ever
watched films in school like high school
well obviously we watched films it feels
cool so I don't know what you mean
okay great my three fave were breathless
seconds and battle for Algiers okay so
you're saying like in film school like
movies like I watched and then was glad
that I did yeah we watched a bunch of
fuckin experimental stuff I liked
wavelength that was that was the weird
thing is we watched all these
experimental things and and I hated so
many of them but the ones I actually
liked the rest of the class didn't like
almost almost every time that's so I
know what I remember
and it's not like intentional like I'm
not trying to be you know a contrarian
or whatever but it just happened to work
out that way like wavelength was one
which is how long is that movie like
fifty minutes or something okay and it
starts on one side of a room it's one
shot and just very slowly zooms across
the room which sounds like the most
miserable thing and leading up to it I
was like oh no like they were talking
about it for days ahead of time yeah I
was like this is gonna be the most
miserable thing and then I ended up
really liking it and almost nobody else
did because there's weird little things
that would happen in the room as the the
zoom was happening but I had that I
enjoyed and no one else like that hmm so
I liked wavelength but that I don't
remember a lot of them anymore that
sounds like it would they would show in
a film school yeah absolutely
anonymous would like to know if you
would ever kickstart one of your
projects probably not very very unlikely
rich would you ever kick start a project
no great I wouldn't have a project I'm
too far
there you go let's see here now it says
I notified the Shanghai People's Army
Armed Police of the
counter-revolutionary using the VPN
thanks prereq with the reward money i
can finally escape the iPhone Factory oh
it's true the slave labor anonymous says
all this time I haven't been working on
my next book I've eaten the most secret
spinach and tuna meals the most secret
anybody good they can say what they want
great though you're right you tip less
you say what you want apparently there's
there's no prerequisite that it needs to
make sense that's true you're right the
absolutely free rack madam look Jay have
you seen the 1997 film Titanic I saw it
once on home video
the only other side I still have not
seen it no no I have waited in theaters
because they're always talking about an
arrow star maleo and all the stupid
girls in my class yeah yeah and I was
like I don't care and then we had it on
VHS once it finally came out on video
it's a one last movie the two VHS that
you can find in every thrift store yep
and so I watched it just because I was
bored one afternoon okay there you go
and that's that's the only time I've
ever seen it someone is very desperate
to get my attention so I can ask you a
question Jay and I'm almost tempted not
to any beg for attention it's like you
don't give it's like four asterisks than
Jack and all caps and then five
asterisks and just to ask you a question
it's like yeah maybe yeah that's enough
to get my don't do it Jay what do you
think I mean they were they've been
trying to ask the question and now they
they're determined the questions quality
is it a quality question Jack it could
be it could lead to an interesting movie
discussion don't do it okay
wow what a flip flopper yeah rich Evans
get out of here flip-flopper Jay have
you seen a girl walks home alone at
night
no I was terrible I'm so sorry to
disappoint you I want to see it I just
haven't seen it yet so sometimes we
don't read questions for a reason to say
about it I have not seen it I want to
watch it I just haven't so there you go
and you know it's like a lot of Jay
questions is Jay have you seen this
movie and so yeah the reason I don't ask
a lot of this is because sometimes it
ends up like that and then we then we're
stuck here just silence is deafening hey
guys Close Encounters of the Third Kind
one of the greatest cerebral sci-fi
films of all time pretty good I really
like Close Encounters I like it a lot I
haven't seen it in a long long time I
don't know like house cerebral I would
consider it
Spielberg Ian it's well Spielberg has
never been in that cerebral right right
so but it's a very good it makes quality
movies yeah yes very good yeah but uh
I've never cared for ET no me neither
everybody everybody loves that movie and
I didn't grow up with it so that might
factor in cuz I know most people saw it
when they're little kids and it affected
them I didn't see it so a little bit
later and it always seemed kind of
creepy to me that's kind of what I liked
about it it's supposed to be crazy
it seems very close to being the avatar
of its day yeah I could see that I think
it stood the test of time more than
avatar were they
you forgot an avatar baby that often
you've got a classic I think people
think of ET is a classic do they love it
I know people that love that movie yeah
I think most people love that movie yeah
it's fine movie I don't know what like
it's mean it's well-made it's fine III
don't know it's it's just never like I
never felt you never got emotionally
could never get emotionally connected to
the bond between DC and Elliot no oh
okay I don't know and then like when
he's dying and stuff I never felt
anything maybe this says more about me
than it does I'm not gonna say ET is I'm
not gonna even say ET is a classic but I
think it's fine moving it's okay but I
just I never connected with me the way
it seems to do with a lot of people no
but I think I think that does have a lot
to do with what age you see it probably
you see that as a kid you get a creepy
weird alien friend that is your life I
think the fact that the story is so
simple is a problem for me too it's
later kid finds alien government wants
an alien yeah they gotta get the alien
home yeah but it's a kid - movie I know
I know but it's everything that's it's
it's really simple
yeah absolutely is it is it a
contradiction that avatar is best
remembered for how unremembered it is
it's a beautiful contradiction how about
that okay
hopefully if every if everything is
right in the world that's the only thing
it will be remembered for a little bit
remembered for the four awful sequels
the four flops that would be kind of
hilarious cuz he's I think he's shooting
them all at once right
like that gets you damn all like back to
back to back to back
cuz it's four of them right yeah yeah
yeah first one just come and the first
one just bombs we spent all this time
all this money and then it just flops
like block we got three more every great
can weary adit them into what I know we
can treated them into one shit
shit what if the first sequel is great
what if he's got some grand idea that
improves on the original and avatar will
suddenly be memorable but I see no
reason to believe that will happen yeah
I mean you never know mm-hmm because
that kind of happened with the Matrix
sequels so it's like the the second the
second movie comes out and people are
like oh and then the third one comes out
they're like wow I guess I got to get it
over with
nobody was excited for that third I
didn't even feel I need to see the third
I remember why I saw it but it wasn't
because I wanted to go see it yeah
exactly that's I saw it just kind of
like well I guess you see it you see it
to finish it yeah I'll finish it all
right ya know those Matrix sequels
I might not I don't remember if I even
saw that in the theater the third one
actually I'm trying to remember I can't
remember where I saw it
mmm yep yeah I only saw it the one time
in the theater yeah sure honey coca-cola
says hey Jay rich and Jack just wanted
to send a tip and thank you guys for so
many hours of our LM Thank You Daymond
hey thank you very much oh my god
Nick hey guys if you could resurrect a
dead actor to be featured in an RL and
production Orson Welles Oh
would you say Cameron Mitchell Cameron
Mitchell ooh
Cameron Mitchell or Orson Welles and
there you have it by the way that you
your two conversation right here
embodies perfectly an actor most known
for how horrible and drunky is now
that's kind of Orson Welles towards the
end ooh well sure or the man who
single-handedly we had one of the
greatest influence on modern day
filmmaking I can't decide but I can't
decide let's flip a coin and we got
Scott Baio I don't know how he got Scott
there but he's still is he technically
does he still laugh I have just no look
up Scott BAM it was it was just the
weirdest reference I could pull out to
make the joke work hoping for that
Joanie Loves Chachi revival right he's
all eyes days yeah he's alive he's only
55 oh he's on a TV show what a
Nickelodeon TV show called see Dad run
see the dad he must be the dad of course
beanie on shirts oh and of course he was
unrest of development but that was a
while ago now here's these Rob blah blah
blah blah that was close to 10 years ago
now all right absolutely absolutely
blah blah blah blah blah oh it's the
same Freud I missed the rest of your tip
okay hold on who would it be
oh sorry and what would you
make in this scenario they would be
giving their best performance no matter
what so so we have Orson Welles
yeah and we have Cameron Mitchell now
name your dream project with Orson
Welles and Cameron Mitchell together in
the same movie well we can only pick one
though right
oh sure I suppose so so rich here's your
here's your opportunity you have to
pitch the movie and if your movie pitch
wins we can resurrect Cameron Mitchell
and Jay you pitch a movie and if yours
wins we can I can't do a period well
just put them both a commercial about
peace I'd have them both at their oldest
and drunkest okay I will in either case
either actor I would want to do a
shot-for-shot remake of Citizen Kane
with either fat bloated Orson Welles
would be the project
great first of all making million bucks
yes only a million are you kidding me
make it make a trillion bucks let's see
here
hey J how much equity share in red
letter media does this tip buy me and
what is the company strategy for an exit
0.0% there you go and our strategy for
exit is usually to leave through the
door sometimes we leave through the
other door
but frontally drug overdose well in your
case who's ever asking the question just
close your browser that's your strategy
for a movie that's pretty good one
strategy how how do we think our ulema
is gonna end in a horrible disaster
heart attack on the toilet for me that'd
be weird if it happened to all of us
it's like like
at the same time yeah the Taco Bell now
we'll be filming something very dumb but
something was very wrong
offended one too many people do you guys
like alejandra Jared ow ski movies
Jodorowsky jodorowsky Jodorowsky
generous I'm trying to pronounce several
different ways um I do I'm probably the
only one I know Mike hates El Topo he
hates El Topo I like El Topo but I like
the holy mountain more I still haven't
seen I have the blu-ray of his most
recent movie but I haven't watched it
yet the dance of reality and I like
Santa Sangre quite a bit wow it's pretty
much all of his movies he only made a
few so yes Jay likes mom I do I do
I'd like the holy mountain a lot I
actually got to see a 35-millimeter
print of the holy mountain a few years
ago which was neat come from here I
think I came from mm-hmm so what so what
nervous the only might already group
that nobody gives a shit about you can
say anything offensive about nerves
nobody really cares look at the big bang
there they're nerds are no longer
there's a minority group nerds are the
everything happy everyone there's
something nerdy nerd is the new thing
everyone is nerdy about something you
can but then they call other people that
are into something different than they
are those are the real nerds so it's
just nerds calling other nerds nerds yes
nerd on nerd violence weird violence I
find Revenge of the Nerds to be highly
offensive well that's because of all the
rain highly offensive technically
there's only one rape sure and then some
some other sex crimes but only one ray
there's only one real that's a real
shame I was thinking about that recently
cuz I loved that movie when I was
younger oh sure sure younger there's a
lot of heart in that movie like there
seems to be a genuine affection for
those characters yeah and I like that
their frat is so inclusive yeah like
it's not just one type of nerd
but you have like the you know there's
the the gay guy who's kind of an outcast
and then booger isn't a nerd at all he's
just like gross and weird yeah like it's
very like that's good but then man
our main character just rapes a woman
just just straight and uh and they spy
on naked women and take photos of them
and distribute them to people and take
their underpants and and just just
straight-up rape someone yeah she has no
idea that she's having sex with him
right it's such a shame this is really a
movie is so good hearted and then
there's that agree which I guess seemed
more innocent eh no it was no whimsical
rape riot it was it was it was
light-hearted and you know back in the
good old 80s where rape was okay because
she enjoyed it exactly you know and all
she learned that nerds are great lovers
exactly you know if you have to trick
them into having sex with you that's
just what you got to do right they'll
like it eventually as long as they like
it that was that was the actual moral of
the story it's okay as long as she liked
him me slapping my forehead for the love
of God now that Jay is here please ask
him if he's seen the witch no good I
haven't seen the wish yet I want to
great I missed in theaters i watch it
when it's on VOD and a couple weeks ago
regarding Close Encounters I see
cerebral in the sense that music is used
to communicate with an alien race and
that the film suggests music or at least
musical tones are a universal language
it's not really Suri
yeah I don't really think that's
cerebral I think that's just like a
stick sure whatever you say okay sure
sure that's not my kid it would have
been it would have been cerebral if
musical themes were used throughout the
movie like let's say like musical cues
were
used to help mr. Holland richard.reimers
I forgot this i forgot his name for a
moment it's like a hotel mr. Holland
like if musical Keys helped richard
dreyfuss like understand the purpose
then it would have been like an
overarching theme then you could have
called it a little more cerebro button
music rate I don't know maybe musical
themes did play an overarching role but
I'm not remembering I haven't seen that
movie in so long I don't think so
it's a neat movie and I think I think
it's cool I like I like I like the idea
you know they talk about uh you know
because it was like a hundred different
people got like infected and needed to
go to the mountain and I liked there
they're like sperm analogy where like we
send so many in you know just the one
will make it that was mean it's a great
movie hey J says anonymous I was at B
Fest this year and watching roar in that
room was a truly magical experience that
was amazing
definitely going back next year thanks
for the half in the bag episode about it
I I immediately when I got home I bought
the blu-ray of roar and I was like I
need to introduce this to as many people
that I know as possible haven't we
watched it we will eventually well let
someone borrow the blu-ray and I haven't
gotten it back ah jerk yeah yeah that
was was it rich it wasn't right okay
good I wouldn't be asking about I didn't
maybe that was the thing why haven't you
given it back it rich and you know I
forgot that I borrow that's why I
haven't seen it oh I know batteries not
included
it's not as good as you remember it and
then just showed up on Netflix I was
curious to why I think I don't think
I've seen that since the theater when I
was pretty young when it was in the
theater but I think my parents took me
or something it's really cute and it's
not as good as you remember it but it's
really cute I don't remember it being
especially great but I was little I
really like the lighting here when I was
little but you watching down you go
but it is cute everybody's good
maybe I'll rewatch it while it's on
Netflix you should I mean some Netflix
do you guys did you guys see the leaked
airport fight scene from Civil War no no
no cuz you know why I'm gonna tell see
if I'd rather see the movie like why
watch it end of YouTube video when it's
like there's big as your thumb and you
can see it in the movie theater is -
this big is your house
I heard the latest x-men trailer is very
spoilery so I've avoided it I haven't
watched it I heard it's very spoilery I
have not seen it here's what I heard
they announced that they were gonna
reveal someone in the movie who you
might not have known was in the movie
okay they were gonna reveal and a mutant
that was in the movie and I said to
myself it's gonna be fucking Wolverine
and I haven't and I haven't seen the
trailer yet Oh guys here just assuming
it's Wolverine but I bet my fucking life
it's Volvo Oh Oh surprise surprise
Wolverines in an x-men movie fuck you
Chad I don't know what I'm doing right
now I'm looking for something I've
missed
guys myself loss I haven't done this
section in a while but it's like the
fact that they would try to tease that
is like oh I didn't even know they were
doing that I ain't heard they they were
there but tomorrow we're dropping a
trailer it's gonna be hot new mutant you
didn't know who's in there is it a he we
it's fucking wolf or shut up
what if it's Aquaman Murphy comes
swimming out and looks right at the
camera and says I'm a mutant that was a
great reveal I'm a mutant you never knew
I was a mutant he says it while holding
his breath with his cheeks puffed out I
just think that because I was thinking
of that part of Batman for Superman when
when Aquaman swims out and it just looks
silly and stupid
he's clearly holding his breath he has
his cheeks puffed out and everything in
that scene yes
remember that he's like I'm guessing
they didn't even film it underwater
he has his cheeks puffed out it's ridicu
he looks ridiculous I agree it looks
ridiculous and he's staring at the
camera for like two minutes like it
doesn't know to kick it around or well
you know what a camera's stupid a stupid
movie what does that mean anonymous it's
pure Kino do you know what Kino means
ki a No well you know what I'm gonna
Google that cuz I want to know I want to
know what kind of dumbass things you're
type in here he no that can't be right
Kino is a gum obtained from certain
tropical trees by tapping that's
probably already used locally as an
astringent in medicine and in tanning
what
what fucking you guys typing simple shit
some bulls did I I'm sold on Civil War I
like I like the Marvel movies I think
they make good movies like I saw the
trailer and I don't care but I I always
hate that like leaked footage you can oh
yeah you can watch a little bit of the
movie net why yeah if it's good then I
just ruined seeing it in the theater
right and if it's bad I probably wasn't
gonna see in the first place that's why
I was disappointed that they revealed
spider-man in the last trailer like I
understand from a marketing perspective
why they would sure but just imagine how
much more exciting would be if you went
to see the movie like obviously the
people that are really into these movies
already knew he was gonna be in it but a
general audience goes to see it and it's
like Oh spider-man fuckin spider-man
because exciting think you know why
because the general audience is more
likely to see it because they know he's
it that's why I mean it's from a
marketing perspective but generally from
a creative perspective it'd be more
exciting as a reveal yeah yeah maybe
we still don't know when he's coming in
sure but III mean I get I agree with you
hey guys one question only one actually
you you by the way you literally asked
two questions before before I asked
these questions I'm putting this out
there you've asked two questions it's
for it's in one sentence but it is two
questions so here's what I'm going to do
I'm going to challenge each of you to
answer it as if it's only one question
okay okay what do you guys think of The
Rocketeer and the fifth element which is
clearly two questions but you have to
answer it as if that is one question
good okay great
it I really can't
you can't just say good I haven't seen
I've seen parts of it I haven't seen I
haven't said I've never sat down and
watched the fella
oh you should well make a nutri Stuckart
probably you shouldn't it's not yeah
it's not your kind of sci-fi it's it's
it's silly it's yes sillies I think
that's why I didn't watch the whole
thing
sure oh I liked it but I liked that kind
of just like a silly sci-fi quarter been
Dallas The Rocketeer is a much better
movie I loved the rocket to rocket we
talked about the Rockets here and I'm
very early half in the bag episode I
think the Captain America episode
well it's don't you do like a Rocketeer
Captain America episode yeah
yeah we're talking about director yeah
yeah talked about that The Phantom
Menace review I think their exterior
comes up yeah
and talking about protagonist yeah yeah
yeah yeah Rocketeer is a great movie
yeah Rockets here's a great movie I
don't think I think some of the aspects
haven't aged terribly well but overall I
mean if it's our mottling visual effects
or whatever that stuff hasn't aged me
yeah well you know just the way they
handle action sequences in general I
think here is the product of the time
exactly
but overall fine movie baby boom hey Jay
did you watch that copy of exploding
varmints - I sent you I didn't know we
got it
it's probably redundant oh wait it had a
different name here in Australia it's
called wake in fright always asking
about waking fright I still haven't
watched it that's Oz Mike right yep yeah
just make me happy and watch it's a that
was a subtle that was a nice saw it gets
you back in that's great if you find a
copy of exploding varmints - don't
really
yeah there's no reason to do it again
every now and then we get like multiple
copy like like a Serie there's a series
of like videos and we get the whole
series we only really need one of them
you're not gonna do multiples especially
one like explaining varmints where
that's it ya know like what if exploding
varmints - it goes somewhere really
weird it's possible but unlikely only if
only if part way through the varmints
get replaced people or the varmints get
revenge oh not if it's suddenly they
just sound like the streets and like
Detroit or something well that's the
next level you start with animals and
then you start going after people the
human garbage
what are these parasites the real
varmints man anonymous says everything
in the shitty leak was better than
Batman vs Superman picture quality and
sound design included you know well you
know how we feel about that what leak
what was this the the the Civil War
airplane their airport sequence leaked
well these leaks are never really leaks
the studio's releasing this ship to
generate highway that could be that
almost certainly is it it's how long
before the we shows up theaters oh I'm
sure oh it's completely accidental
oh no the way studios are about like
flag and stuff on the internet I would
doubt that they released a shitty
version of a scene if they're gonna
release anything it's gonna be a good
quality version mm-hmm I haven't seen it
so there's like it's like I'm assuming
if they say bootleg it's like it
probably like well no no they're saying
leak and they're saying it looks nice
oh really maybe you know wouldn't
surprise me if a studio link but well
you know why would they leave it though
when they can just release it as a clip
because if you release it as a clip it's
just another promotional material no oh
oh the studio's gonna spin that
promotional was here but if it's a leak
who would have to genuine you
for an ad you don't you have to pay for
a bunch of people to spread something
around on Facebook yeah if they think
they're getting away with something oh
shit man well you don't have to pay to
post something on YouTube though true
the studio could just post a clip
there's there's a there's a viral
mentality when someone knows that
they're being advertised to they are
less likely to share it yeah that's true
even even if they would enjoy it the
same and they would normally share it if
they think it's an advertisement then
they don't feel like they have to share
it mm-hmm it's a whole thing do you guys
need a copy of McBain the movie that has
Christopher Walken going Rambo on the
entire nation of Colombia do we need
that Jane um we don't have a copy of it
oh is that that's not the same movie
with Gary Busey is it Jay have you ever
played the 2016 videogame hyper light
drifter no hyper light drifter great
there you go
Oh what do you think of hyper light
drifter oh it was it was you know the
controls handle really well that's great
anonymous I think you're saying this to
to poke at us and that's fine hey guys I
know both Jay and Jack are fans of the
Fargo show did you guys per first he's
in 102 season two I think we've talked
about this I like season 1 he said ones
great twos better
I think season two has much better
performances by the actors yes
but the the story was too far out
they're not cohesive like season 1 and I
like a cohesive narrative but the acting
was far superior in season 2 I will
on that owl man was on point was that
his name how old man whose owl man
you know watchman Nee no night out you
know Oh Patrick Wilson yeah Patrick
Wilson was great the Kirsten Dunst
Kirsten Dunst was on it and Ted Danson
was green I mean not that Ted Danson
yeah he's always great who doesn't like
Ted Danson Ted Danson doesn't Ted Danson
cut he's constantly disappointed in
himself I don't believe that Rose Davis
own worst critic him Mary Steenburgen
she doesn't like that Ted Danson very
much
he's only been married to him for 50
years that fellow from Burn Notice was
great I love ya I loved him in that he
was he was perfect he was perfect as a
North Dakota gangster that all family is
great gene smart is the mama that fell
the
oh I'm trying to think of what else he
played in the the the black gangster who
was poking Woodbine yeah he's been in
something else oh boy they're right he's
in a movie called Edmund but I'm sure
you haven't seen that William H Macy
um I don't know he's been in a bunch of
he was great as I guess the point ever
everybody everybody's performance was
great in season two I just I like like a
nice linear narrative that you know
makes sense it they totally make sense I
like it when it's all cohesive it makes
a little more ambitious not Bruce
Campbell from Burn Notice
Rob Lowe Bruce Campbell is in Fargo
season two briefly Oh - Shane it's a
Burn Notice reunion it is I don't
remember his name and I've seen every
episode of Burn Notice as an actor yeah
um so I should know his name
just terrible with names what is his
name I think I know it Bruce Campbell a
co-star Burn Notice or was he just kind
of a reoccurring character oh no he was
like the second lead was that there were
three leads to burn never seen an
episode of it I feel like I should cuz
Bruce Campbell and Bruce Campbell is
very fun in it I'm Gavin Jeffrey Donovan
oh nice name he was in book of shadows
Blair Witch Project - nice remembering J
you pulled that out of some gray matter
going deep which for the longest time
the first few episodes of that Fargo
he'd show up and I was like where do I
know that guy from like I couldn't a
nine I know he was the lead on that Burn
Notice and that's what I was thinking of
but more whatever reason like I could
not picture who he was
oh sure I was like this guy's great and
I know I recognize them but I can't fix
her from what no like Burn Notice is
fine if you like that sort of procedural
life is the thing it's not my type of
show right the first camp of Bruce
Campbell yeah like a procedural like ah
like oh not like a crime procedural it's
it's like a it's like a procedural with
criminals
okay we're we're much like a cop
procedural where you know they do kind
of the same thing every week with a
different bad guy okay they do the same
thing every week but you know they are
the bad guys kind of but they're also
the good guys not a procedural as if as
in they are going through police right
that's right yeah I hear that word
that's what I think I'm sure I'm with
you it's a mom show like criminal intent
yeah and it's a dad show
it's a mom show like advantium smartest
lord please don't play WWE 2k16 you'd
have to invite Josh and he seems very
particular about what he does on his
fucking Sunday
nice ones PS Kino is German for film or
cinema oh okay no you know we've talked
to I like obviously yeah Josh works and
he's very busy next time he comes
through stream yes we do want to play
WWE 2k16 and we want to make us as
characters that would be really funny
Jay the answer is gonna be knowing you
should know this epic monster morel
mushroom jay have you seen the video
where the Angry Video Game Nerd do I
have to continue for you finish but I
guess yeah I hope you know the I mean I
have seen a couple things by him okay
have you seen the video where the Angry
Video Game Nerd makes lloyd kaufman
place shitty toxic adventures games on
Nintendo No he ends up taking a giant
shit on the games literally I'm sure
that's what happens okay no I haven't
seen him
kino is the word for film in Germany and
Russia oh pardon
oh and Russia No so so when someone was
saying did you the that the airport
fight was pure Kino they're saying
that's top-notch cinema I think so ok
got it
well great I am exactly as hyped as I
was to see it before didn't do its job
no I'm but I'm already very hyped to see
it so necessary job tonight
it was vestigial guys love the new pink
echo device but the new episode was one
of your weakest entries you are wrong
polarizing polarizing episode oh man I
thought it was one of our funniest I
yeah and you know that's obviously that
you hear a little bit of me laughing
buying the camera but I was laughing a
lot buying the camera well and you know
I think it was one of our funniest
because we had so little to talk about
in the movies
and so we just had to bit we had to make
bits or there just a ton of people that
only want to hear us talk about the
movie and they don't like the jokes
maybe is that a thing apparently half
half of them know you know there's 38
other episodes where we talk about the
movies there will be plenty more I left
very hard at this episode let's see here
Jay how do I get my friends who mostly
want to dumb mass-market movies get how
do I get them into intellectually
challenging films like 2001 a Space
Odyssey you just don't trust me I've
been there people are into what they're
into try to find your middle ground
maybe you should be worried about how
you can be a good sport and watch the
movies with them if that's what they're
into just think about how superior you
can feel now though secretly secretly in
the back your mind yours always gonna
know that you're better because you're
watching movies that you find more yes
yes it's true
or as Tyrannosaurus Rex or tyranny
source Rex says you should just find
smarter friends if they're too smart you
feel like you're the dumb one yeah that
happens too and then they need to accept
that that not all of your friends are
gonna be into the same things as you and
that's okay I don't I don't have a
single friend that is into horror films
the way I am not a single one sure
anyone's into horror films the way you
are oh that's not true there people are
way more into it than I am and that's
just something I have to live with it's
okay every day
you have to live with that every day are
you guys familiar with the movie
wishmaster 4 it's a sequel to beta 4th
one
yeah they made a second one I knew there
was a 2 and a 3 I don't know you only
would have 2 for the world now you know
if not you there's they're saying you
should we should review it great ok send
them to us we're always more likely to
review doing something with something if
you send it to us
yep that's very true we watch best of
the worst movies we would just pick up
shit we have on the wall we don't think
about it beforehand we don't what should
we ordered to be on this where we got
yeah what do we got yeah there's a few
occasions where we do like Miami
connection I knew is one we needed to
get oh but that was so long ago yeah
well I have a new one also from
Drafthouse films oh wow it's Miami
connection called dangerous men that's
supposed to be sort of the new Miami
connection type movie oh how exciting
so I have that now bump bump bomb but in
general yeah we don't we don't seek
stuff out we just look at all the crap
we have it's true do you ever plan on
including more animated movies on best
of the worst no no never
it's it's something we've talked about
this before where it's like a lot of the
things that we talk about is the
production of the movie yeah and when
something is animated that takes all
production off the table
well I mean II the animation like we did
that Christmas tree movie which turned
out to be great as far as having stuff
to discuss goes yeah but you know how
often is that gonna happen
mm-hmm it's possible I mean there's that
food fight movie oh it's in the tories
one we have a couple copies I know
that's that's just hanging around
so there's possibilities but probably
not too much animated stuff
stale pigeon says love your guys work
and attitude question what movie if any
do you wish you could experience again
for the first time I am an answer for
that somewhat recently okay now I don't
remember what it was hmm I would love to
remember my initial feelings watching
Jurassic Park in the theater I saw
Jurassic Park 16 17 no and this is not
an exaggeration Wow
I saw it so many times in the theater I
just kept going back this address twice
I went back to the theater so many times
and just that's what I would do with my
days just go to the theater and watch
Jurassic Park I loved it it was it was
so intense so I would love to remember
like my initial aw at that movie
that's my I'm trying to think a second I
don't know I don't know
I don't know
shit mr. coach that's it that's an
interesting answer is is like do you
remember the first time you saw Star
Wars I don't I was too young right hours
is one of those movies that's just
always been there right I wonder why I
don't even remember for being a kid like
watching it it's like it was just burned
into my brain for as long as I can
remember
yeah my my sister in that vaguely
remember the first time I saw Empire
because I'd seen Return of the Jedi
before I saw Empire so I was like Empire
was the final piece you know that look
like a weird delayed video release
didn't at Empire I no idea that was not
in like any other video rental stores so
many many years after the fact that the
Jedi was at least not any of the video
rental stores near me interesting maybe
he's just always rented no no it wasn't
a box for it oh okay yeah that'd be
interesting to like see that as an adult
that need tea that's not you tea in the
theater but I mean on video oh that
wasn't available I don't recall it Bing
mm-hmm it was pretty young like sure I'm
wrong about a lot of things well rich is
really old yes I'm really old we're all
really all the red letter media you
should be so fucking lucky
and try to remember any anything out
like I'm trying to remember just the
things that that I've just always seen
like Jurassic Park or like like Star
Wars where it's like yeah Oh Star Wars
has just always been there yeah that's
the only one I can really think of yeah
well one that's had like an impact where
it's like you remember everything about
those movies yeah I know I kind of I
don't wanna say grew out of it but I
went through a phase where I wasn't
watching and like movies like Star Wars
like the kind of bigger stuff yeah right
around the time I was starting to watch
like clerks or like pulp fiction I got a
little bit of snobby so I didn't watch
stuff like that but then like a little
like maybe a year before the special
editions came out I rewatched the Star
Wars trilogy and I hadn't seen it for a
cup of number of years and so it was
almost like rediscovering it where I was
like these are great
why why why wasn't I watching these for
a while I was so dumb I was so dumb when
I thought I was so dumb it might have
been the same might have been when I
heard the special editions were coming
out I was like well I want to rewatch
these before I pay to see him in the
theater again right I very clearly
remember my first watching of clerks
because I was not excited about the idea
my cousin pitched it to me you know we
would always watch movies together and
he pitched it to me he's like it's about
these guys and they work at a
convenience store I was like ah huh and
he's like they play hockey on the roof
that's how he was a horrible pitch I was
like movie about hockey but exactly he's
like no it's not
they just talk about stuff like no I
don't like I don't want to watch oh this
sounds like dumb idea he's like I
already rented it
so I remember very clearly the
wonderment of watching clerks for the
first time in in high school in my
living room that was great that was
great
you loathed watching in your verse oh I
I was in what people can make a movie
like this the movies did not exist like
that yeah at that time especially Oh God
you mean you could just make a movie
where you jibber about Star Wars and
shit what Kevin Smith's podcast is so
bad I had to stop listening to podcast
for some time I agree
just gets it gets a little much you're
like eight of them a week I do believe
he has eight podcasts a week he has one
that's dedicated just to talking about
things related to Batman yep yes that
man loves Batman ah all right let's see
here just a heads up the character
creation in WWE 2k16 will take a while
due to the extensive 'no suck us today
ssin actually I think what the plan is
for WWE I believe it has an automated
mode where you can create characters and
then they will automatically do a Royal
Rumble in which the characters will
randomly come into the ring and one
randomly wins and you don't have to
press any you don't have to press I talk
with my hands a lot and there's a mic
stand right in front of me I'm smacking
it a lot so you can set up an auto Royal
Rumble in the characters fight without
you having to press a button so I
believe actually what the plan is is
just for us to make the characters and
then jibber about stuff while it's just
watch them fight while the characters
fight have they ever made a wrestling
game that acknowledges that it's fake
we're like the gameplay involves faking
the fight so like before the match you
get like the designated orders like well
you have to lose and you have to go down
every does this move on you and the
object of the game is try and stick as
close to what your supposed just a crowd
amped up and you can have like a
dialogue tree where you talk with your
opponent about who wins or who
when we doing next and then after like
if you like fuck it up you do like the
wrong ones like a sandwich with a
piledriver and said you do like a
backbreaker maybe you accidentally
injure somebody and as a whole that'd be
great that would be great you can
actually create a bald guy in WWE
unlike stardew valley god damn it
bald is this somebody has to have done
this though right what a wrestling game
like this I mean I'm sure it's certainly
not with the WWE logo on it but none I
mean I don't pay that close attention to
wrestling games I think some other
someone is saying I think some WWE games
allow you to control storylines somewhat
like that okay who is Kevin Smith's
co-host on Samad that's Scott Mosier and
he Scott Mosier is the guy that produces
all of the Kevin Smith movies I know
that because I've seen most the Kevin
Smith movies and listened to the podcast
that is who does his podcast with them
Scott Mosier the fabled story as they
both went to the same writing slash film
school and after and but it wasn't like
film school it was like a summer film
program and after the program they both
agreed that they were gonna try to write
scripts and whoever wrote their script
first the other would help them make
that movie okay and Kevin Smith then
wrote the scripts inconvenience it's
better name which was his very clever
title that later got changed to clerks
ah inconvenience is much better I like
clerks but still you know what clerks
has a better ring to it it's easier to
say it's you know
oh you fucker look meeting three bosses
I'm pretty happy with playing little
Silas and then also quite famous after
they filmed the movie Kevin Smith got
bored and they were both working at the
VHS rental store and the convenience
store that they filmed in while editing
the movie and they edited the movie at
the rental store like they had a giant
at film editing Bay add the video rental
store and Scott Mosier yelled at Kevin
Smith to finish editing the movie movie
clerks Oh someone was wondering who his
co-hosts was on the SModcast and I was
explaining that is Scott Mosier his
producer oh yeah but uh there's this
whole backstory there's if you get
clerks has like a mega collection and
make a DVD collection it's like the
black box so that clerks ex Clarkie
xanax DVDs I'm sure all that shit's on
the blu-ray which I can't imagine
watching clerks on blu-ray Lee movie
looks like shit who cares
but there's the whole backstory of how
they made clerks it's great if you like
yeah that's a great documentary and so
apparently Kevin Smith got a little
bored and he got a little lazy after
they shot clerks and Scott Mosier had to
give him a talking-to say hey we made
the movie now you got to finish the
fucking movie I'm not working at a
convenience store my whole life yeah
because they were working at the stores
while filming and editing the movie
which is great so Scott Mosier is the
guy who got shit done
now let's see here did someone mention I
use pirates that amazingly funny bad
film needs to be on the next best of the
worst please please please
well we have a copy of it or tuning
isn't it is it sci-fi comedy I haven't
seen it that never works out
yeah County's nice I haven't seen that
movie so it was a kid so look he's using
a special glitch moves rich a little
bored a little lazy sounds like 98% of
modern Halloween you know yeah you know
he just he needed a little push and
Scott gave him a push and sometimes
everyone needs a little push hey get
your shit together that's what you need
sometimes you need someone to say hey
get your shit together that's what a
good producer will do oh all right - you
lost okay wait this is a soccer game now
yep
if you guys did a best of the worst of
ice pirates you would also need to do
one with wishmaster for I already the
connecting factor yes to a siren which
master for the connecting tissues people
wanted us to do these movies even I
didn't know there was a wishmaster for
yeah i mean i i've seen the first movie
so i you yet you yeah you make a wish
and he finds a way to twist it into
something yeah you know deadly or
whatever was that with the wishmaster
series it yeah I can't believe they made
for the first ones not even very good
look do you just try to psych him out no
I just had to reset my sword swing oh
that little punk where's the red flag on
that
have you guys ever seen city of lost
children
yeah great movie have you ever seen it
apparently I just don't see move around
pearl well it's a it's a French movie oh
yeah Pearlman's in it oh speaking French
does it mm-hmm that ron perlman
french-speaking motherfucker gorgeous
looking movie yeah yeah Oh second I
thought you're talking about Ron Perlman
quick course man that Ron Perlman I
don't know if that's ever been said
about Ron Pearman has a lot of character
and he's a Ron Perlman's great yeah but
he is not they hired him to play the
beast abusive reason that save them
hundreds of thousands of dollars and
makeup all I did was put put a little
fur on him that's half Pearlman pure
Pearlman
the the riddle of Steel the the I think
we've said this story before but you
know I'll try to repeat it in a in a
concise fashion what story the story of
how we all met oh and it's it's it's
kind of it's just dumb
well I'm Mike Mike and rich met in high
school so that's easy Mike and Jay met
on a movie making message board and I
met them because we all made Internet
videos in the same city yes that is the
short version that's pretty much it and
that's lit truly in like for my part we
both knew some similar people and you
needed help making a video one day and
someone said hey this guy makes videos
and that's how we met now that that's it
what are you Josh I wasn't well both of
us me and Jack yeah really yeah yeah
that's really weird because I had mutual
friends and I like I knew him with her
bands and and so you know
and then we knew the same people who
knew the same people the score were set
that's a good question did you leave the
the thing oh I like that better it's
everywhere
it's like nobody knew Josh he just
showed up one who's just here that'd be
weird like he was just here and he had a
stack of bad movies so you know we let
him stay just who introduced me to be
first I met Josh and clown cows no I met
Josh when he was playing in his noise
band when I was playing in my noise oh
they're all noise bands you kids in your
noise bands we make loud stuff you can't
really have a silent band well there's
there's there's a difference between a
band that makes noise and that noise man
oh God
the Deftones oh yeah yeah we all got to
go to bed it's getting late yeah we're a
little soon great I'm just good for our
own sake I'm done I say put some bosses
and have about that great it's called
what like what what is this oh that's
what that happened okay well we're gonna
leave now we're gonna stop streaming we
don't have a Ritchie streaming on
Windows 10 so we don't have the tachi
running but we'd like to spend some time
and thank all of our subscribers we are
turning on our our ad-free function so
anyone who subscribes to our channel
will no longer see ads when they watch
our content and thanks for for coming
out tonight everybody have a nice night
