Feb 17, 2016
XCOM 2: War of the Chosen
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/59095040
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/59095812
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/59097336
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJPtWuyKdc4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEi2wf-EZuk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Lor2yBBcaE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/700024150354751489

[Part I]
something I go interview I've gotten
used to tablets Jack this is what I want
to do you can't do that oh I can't let
me see do you oh my god
corn corn corn corn hello everybody
welcome
it begins welcome welcome
it is riches here with special guest
star doctor Sikkim ich hoffe you might
notice that I'm wearing a ridiculous
face mask and Jack's serial killer I
know I'm wearing a quite ridiculous face
mask because I am very very ill and I
will be in close proximity to rich and I
don't feel like getting my good friends
think it's very considerate I'm trying
I'm trying to be considered you know
it's more than I would have done mostly
because I wouldn't have thought of it
well there you go but there you go so
welcome welcome everyone for coming we
are playing ex-cop more importantly Jack
is playing XCOM this is my current game
I can't I can't make jokes considering
my my poor showing the first stream if
there's been there's been improvements
the first frame was combat was comically
awful sure which which hurt as an ex-con
veteran with with like a thousand hours
and in uew and then I was a little
simpler with better the second story
moving great you know I got to redeem
myself there's gonna be another other
ex-con to stream oh absolutely
absolutely I've made improvements here's
my one problem so far is a so you know
we're playing on the couch as we
normally do and I'm using the steam
controller for the first time and I
can't press the steam button to change
my
team no key configs are you are you sure
you're in big picture mode I was if we
get kicked out a big picture yeah you
know I guess like I'll just make this
work more important like I just want I
just want to hit the shift tab or shift
all sure if wasn't shift shift shift can
dig up
yeah but now look I can't I still can't
customize my keys alright that's weird
right that is weird well alright well
I'm not gonna worry about it you can use
the mouse um no we'll see if this works
yeah if I get tired of it okay so I have
to this is this is a mission I'm
currently on in which I have to kill all
the enemies and retrieve all the goodies
so I cannot blow up any crates well you
can if it gets to me if it's a choice
between blowing up a case and people
dying yeah blow up the case absolutely
do you have to learn to take losses next
come yet to make that you have to make
the hard decisions sometimes sometimes
it's in your best interest to abort sure
oh I had a fucking epic I'm calling the
terror missions because that's kind of
what they were in the last game but the
the the retaliation mission they like
attack the the group of survivors oh oh
yeah yeah I had I had I had a fail but
it was an epic fail okay I had this one
ranger who got caught in a bad position
she was up ahead and she was flanked and
there was there was a couple of muta
mutants
there was a berserker there was some of
those faceless guys oh yeah she was
gonna get fucking mauled uh-huh and I
just said the hell with it I'm not I'm
not winning this anyway one other person
had already died so I went to abort and
because she had already made her move I
put the extraction zone on top of her
and I got her out and then I'm thinking
okay the next turn my other group they
can't quite make it to the extraction
zone I'll rush the next turn okay and
then somebody got shot and they panicked
okay oh no I don't want to lose that
character and then they fucking panics
like I could I couldn't get everybody
else to the extraction zone and then
people more people started dying and the
only one that was left was my my
second Ranger my hero rager huh and it
was like one against ten there was like
two mutants and everywhere everyone I
talked about earlier was still why he's
like I couldn't kill shit uh-huh and he
took them all on single fucking handed
like nice
I had the that one perk that that gives
you the free sore head when somebody
goes in close to you to melee oh no he
took out fucking everybody that charged
him instead of shooting the mutants
charged him to do their their melee he
killed both of those fuckers
he killed the Berserker I used my
shotgun to take out the mech then he
killed two more of those those fucking
stun Lancer guys everybody if I can took
out everybody single-handedly it was
epic but I still failed the mission
because like all of the civilians died
oh but it was great taking my time
taking my time here as this game as
buggy as people Clank
well damn near every game that comes out
on PC and consoles because they can just
download patches now didn't used to be
the case every game has its bugs I have
had many crashes I have had zero crashes
since I turned the the graphical
settings to medium okay so I I suspect
there's some kind of graphical settings
that isn't playing well with people's
systems being my guess but I could be
wrong yeah and for me I I'm already
playing at the lowest settings and you
know I don't have a gaming computer a
gaming Mac we've talked about that and
so I'm already playing at the lowest
graphics and what whatever oddities I've
had an event a few has been nothing game
breaking
I had one weird glitch where my
grenadiers just her animations all
stopped Oh
so instead of like walking to the other
end of the map she'd just teleport and
she was like frozen at the rest of that
mission
uh-huh but I could still use her
normally yes there was zero animations
that's weird that was did they fix the
final level from corrupting I I'm not
quite there I know I'm very close
so I we're willing to save scum I'd
probably even beat it by now I'm
certainly not save scumming yes I am
just rich does XCOM to get my seal of
approval yes it wasn't at first at first
sorry that's it hmm at first my first
experience of the XCOM 2 was like
getting punched in the face by uh by my
lover oh hi I'm waiting for you to come
home oh wow stop hitting me wow it was
like domestic abuse oh then we had
makeup sex
Oh so yeah it's all good it's all good I
would sure I'd love to be able to rotate
my camera you know what steam controller
you're not doing me any favors right now
is is com2 longer um that's hard to say
because you can you can delay you can
even take your sweet-ass time and enemy
within so if you rushed through enemy
within maybe it's a lot shorter feel
about the same X come to maybe a little
if not longer at least there's more to
the story missions than just the simple
one or two three things you had to do
just waiting I'm pretty positive there's
gonna be some enemies right over here
and I am taking my time
you know why that's what you do mm-hmm
mm-hmm play it cool
take your time overwatch
there's no timer on this mission which
means I am taking my sweet-ass time you
know a supply raid
yeah supplier yep this whole this whole
ambush system which I know is new to
XCOM to can be so incredibly satisfying
if you if you can do it right and kill
everyone in one fell swoop
oh my god it's the greatest right tell
me why shoe and one true god says hi
guys
I might have asked this before somehow
but is there a way to get space cops
signed if I send it in the mail with
five dollars for shipping I forgot to
ask before it was shipped and received
email email us about that emails about
that not the one to talk to
that's not my is not my department the
question is rich so I got my snipers up
here right a lot of my people are
injured and so this mission I have I
have a ranger three snipers and two
specialists yeah you know I have no
heavy weapons guy which is really cuz
all of them were injured snipers are
nowhere near as good oh no I know but I
got this one I got that's that was my
team do you think if I just keep my
snipers perched up here do you think
they can reach guys over here yeah yeah
okay last one side by default I default
yeah I know and this guy over here has
you won't long sight you won't see them
if they pop ups go to your right if they
pop up like behind that
over there right you're fucked yeah I'm
hoping they're not over here
what do you have for grenades everyone
has a grenade except for one of my
specialists says the he'll perk
do you have stun grenades they have the
flash grenades no investor flash thanks
what if they disorient things I I'm I'm
not 100% sure if they we can aim I think
they do but they definitely they
definitely slow things down they can't
move his farm and anything that has like
a special power they use they just flash
bangs disable at least for one turn many
of like the special powers like the the
sec toys when was they been disoriented
from the flash grenade sure they can't
do their mind powers whoo I don't think
he well I don't know what you've seen
yet I'm not sure how far you are but
there's things that enemies can do that
they can't do when they've been
flattening oh sure okay was I talking
about I have no idea
I completely forgot what I was talking
about that's okay are you talking about
oh the donation we had we had a couple
donations like when we weren't streaming
I'm gonna read those no because what
what is that rich well that's a new
thing what the fuck is that it's a new
thing he's a walking living jetpack he's
a living jetpack yeah what the fuck
look at that thing few days ago hot
deficit last week wildlife preserve says
that freedom planets stream nearly
killed jack nearly killed me too yeah
that front that was a great one that was
that was Don Wilson well is it yep
distephano 87 said I have enjoyed so
many of your streams
unfortunately Wednesday and Sunday
nights do not agree with my work
schedule so hoping good to get to
partake in some tonight but I must go
cut scenes for life baby use some of it
okay so here we go so much nuki
DeStefano 87 who was barely here tonight
says rich jack is aliens better than
Terminator 2 I go back and forth in this
lot which would you rather see a
legitimate sequel to Terminator 2 is
good but I'm not the biggest fan I
actually prefer the original Terminator
sure and meanwhile aliens is one of my
favorite movies so I'm going with aliens
that's a tough this is a tough call
aliens vs. Terminator 2 because aliens
is very different than alien and alien
is one of my favorite movies of all time
like alien is a movie that I really love
on you know it's it's a slasher movie in
space yes aliens is better than
Terminator 2 if we are to judge them
only as sequels that's what I will say a
lien if you look at just a Lian's vs.
Terminator 2 as sequels to their
original films aliens is better okay
that's better all around yeah that's
beep right before I read that donation
who was somebody said in the regular
chat I heard was too much Dookie it
scrolled up I can't say any more was
asked me about the alien design if I
liked the design and the new floater
technically because it's got a different
name I don't think it's a floater like
like like in the previous games
technically sure is that that thing I'm
looking at is that called before there's
there's something that flies in the last
game yo that's a living jetpack with
arms that's called a floater sure they
look entirely different and they other
than floating they behave entirely
different so I'm not willing to call it
the same enemy sure I will say in
general as much as I'm liking the game I
love the game a lot I don't so far I
don't like any of the alien designs
I think I think what the original
when I say the original XCOM I'm not
talking about X comment this way this is
gonna work right so uh I think the one
thing the original has over this game is
just I think all of the enemy designs
are a lot better and enemy Unknown /
enemy within sure I have a plan I have a
game plan here okay and then the
donation yeah yes mr. sister Fister says
so scientists observed the effects of
two black holes collided my question is
what advice would you would would give
to a young lady without health insurance
who suffers from the occasional vaginal
pearls got to get on that Obamacare
gotta get on that Obamacare and I'm
assuming you're in the United States
because you don't have health insurance
this wouldn't be an issue in any other
civilized country you've got to get on
that Obama gotta get on that Obamacare
okay all right here's here's the plan
here rich yep
so now these are two enemies that I can
see two big old M&A; this one I know he's
got grenades fuck him this one I can
only assume does some seriously
fucked-up shit this is the joy of
discovery Jack yeah yeah well I'm hey
I'm not gonna tell you what no tiser no
no don't so but so here's here's my
ambush plan yeah I got a sniper up here
on the roof of course I've got a sniper
over here on what is essentially a roof
to roofs all within firing this do they
all have line of sight
they all have line of sight and they put
so the plan is hmm put two of them on
overwatch mm-hm
put all of these motherfuckers on
overwatch and then have the third sniper
fire at one of these guys they start
running everybody fires do you have we
have grenades
I have grenades you could do three
damage on each which is ooh so what
you're saying is putting them up so
maybe that the snipers can can get them
before they run into cover but all the
snipers on overwatch
yes then have hooba d you bet he could
throw a grenade at them could you throw
a grenade at them let's just test this
out probably need to get closer man I
need to get closer
okay hold on let's see you can where can
I move over you know
your programs how do we feel about Dark
Souls 3 getting a season pass yes every
fucking game is doing that now ok they
don't they don't call it a season pass
but I think XCOM basically had the same
thing just 3 DLC he's coming out he
could buy when you when you bought the
game I think it was anywhere near as
much as like the $50 but I think they
did some similar okay
it might not put the Ranger on overwatch
you don't think shotguns my Ranger has
the rifle alright alright because I
haven't upgraded the shotgun yeah Ranger
it's like I could move the Ranger a
little closer and put him on overwatch
yeah maybe I'll do that just to get a
better a better fighter a couple extra
points long watch and let's watch let's
see what happens the shit hit the fan
let's see what happens here we go it's
happening
you shredded the armor that's always
good did some damage oh we were a real
hole
one dance one damage there you go there
you go
missed all you fuck what have anyway
other snipers did you check to make sure
they had line-of-sight doesn't everyone
have line of sight
if there's something blocking them they
won't see it you have to make yeah they
they had they had shots
they both had 70% shots don't know what
so what the fizzy fuck oh that's fucking
nothing
still life fucking nothing still alive
hey hey what are you doing you already
made your move
see look yeah they I mean they still
have one nobody's dead no nobody's dead
what he's dead nobody's dead ok ok ok
plan of action here plan of action Oh
Showbiz Pizza vs. snipers require the
long watch perk take overwatch shots you
do have that only one of them well then
of course they didn't take the shot I
found it and overwatch they're not gonna
they're not gonna the squad side only
works in overwatch if you have that
purse which I always take I didn't think
of it oh well then there you go yeah
yeah then there's my problem there's my
problem right there ok now we got some
nuts that's my fault I didn't think of
that because I always take that bug sure
sure no that's the perk to take haven't
I haven't been again I haven't play
around with cyber's I've ever heard some
people online say they like them the
handgun the grinch like the quick-draw
one is nice because if there is an enemy
within sidearm range you do the
quick-draw and get like a - two points
down then you fire your sniper rifle and
get them the rest of them
I'd rather bring an extra Grenadier
absolutely but then you get such an
situations like this we're in all of
your I would rather have a Grenadier I
would rather have a Ranger I think I
think it's Grenadier sure is that
Grenadier I don't know but I'm I don't
know the Grenadier is a word
I don't know that grenadier is a word
grenadine is something that you put in
mixed drinks chat grenadine or
hmm okay hold on I have not decided what
I'm doing here yet the gunslinger
snipers are great but when you don't
have upgraded pistols they suck ball I I
had one with a with a mag pistol and I
thought he was I liked his character but
I wasn't overly impressed with his
damage-dealing by the way would you look
at this yeah 70% they get a defensive
bonus for being in flight it's
considered some kind of form of
maneuverability 70% that's the advantage
of being in the air that's a point-blank
shot right there what what the fuck do
you want me to tell you we're all saying
I'm right by the way what rich is
correct which Grenadier yeah Wow okay
I'm gonna believe you and the chat
together okay let's see if I can take
this guy out first with a sniper my
snipers have a see a 74% shift anyway we
can let's see if we can take this guy
out with a sniper okay Fusco 27 says hey
guys have you seen any other Neal Breen
movies I saw faithful findings the other
day and it might actually be better than
double down also any plans on streaming
fire watch this is the first I've ever
heard of fire watch so there's no
current play oh you don't know about no
fire fire watch is on my list of things
that I really want to play it
Firewatch was a game that if you if you
don't remember it we of course you
thought you might not
we saw it during the PlayStation III and
it looks
Firewatch looks very similar to the
witness big bright orange II backgrounds
you remember like a guy was looking at
like a watchtower in the woods and
and with talking to someone on a radio
oh it looks amazing
I know it's it's a game I'm not sure if
I actually remember that or if my brain
is tricking me into thinking I remember
that it's a game I really really want to
play I don't know if it's stream worthy
I was gonna play it though my plan was
okay but uh that's up to you guys what
do you think could be streamable I'm
gonna be playing this for the next year
and a half well there you go which has
the memory of a brain traumatized
goldfish or maybe it just wasn't that
memorable see if we can take care of
this mute down here
I don't want to waste all my grenades
here
apparently there's people who weren't
sure the start of the stream every time
someone do yes into the chat why is Jack
worrying that on his face Jack I was out
of town this weekend which is why we
didn't stream on Sunday and we were we
were actually planning a makeup stream
on Monday but I got terribly terribly
ill and I'm still just getting over it
and I know it's contagious cuz I know
who I caught it from and so I am doing
my best to protect the fragile rich
Evans from my germs because I mean look
we're in very close quarters we're
breathing the same air and coughing if
you wear masks like this you can spread
there stop the spread of a lot of germs
if you are in close quarters with other
people I'm trying to be nice it's very
thoughtful Thanks it's psychosomatic
this there's no way I didn't get sick
that can be really really fucking
fast-acting virus of that woman no yeah
and that's not that's definitely not the
case but uh I'm being nice to my friend
rich because I don't want him to get
sick because this is it's it's just a
cold and you end up coughing and just
tired a lot I spent all of yesterday
sleeping and for someone who works for
themselves
you just you cannot take a sick day and
I took a sick day yesterday and I felt
like garbage and I hated it just a Fano
87 ritual room I'll give you another $10
if you could explain why deep space 9 is
the best Star Trek remember Sisko Dax
odo
cot maggiorin z-- and I guess O'Brien
was there yes 9 fine show hmm I'm not
gonna call the best are the rest are
Trek is next gen mmm the next best Star
Trek
next-best do I go do I go original
series or do I go deep space night the
only Star Trek that matters to me isn't
it is next chance just cuz the iconic
characters I guess I'd even put TOS next
but this night well it's quality a lot
of quality characters do cotton the best
villain in all of Star Trek but it's not
really somatic Lee it's not a Star Trek
show really like Star Trek the thing is
you think of is this hopeful message
that humanity is conquered it's problem
and things are gonna be good we're gonna
make it to space good things are ahead
yeah conquered Oliver from deep space 9
is this fucking galactic war
double-crosses people hate each other
and you know what the patterns aren't
that fucking interesting they're boring
they've got a stupid nose in a shitty
religion the blue Jordans do have that
kind of like Star Trek makeup
we're like got bumps on there know what
can we make our actors wear that look
kind of alien but they won't mind
wearing all the time we gotta have a lot
of them we can't do it into fish no no
put some bumps on the nose yes good
enough that's the perfect way to
describe all of the Bajoran
oh okay so I'm goo Singh the system a
little bit here so you know this the
game has fog did the first X come have
fought before yeah okay so it has the
fog of war but I know that like here's
the edge of the map here and I got
dropped on this edge of the map here's
this edge of the map right so I kind of
area and here's this age so I kind and
figured that there was nothing over here
okay
oh you can't find things that are left
huh oh no no like there's there's plenty
left I'm sure I've only killed two
enemies yeah but I you know what I'm
doing is I'm letting everyone know my
thought process so when I fail horrible
oh okay they can they can know what I
was thinking when I failed horribly and
so this is the edge of the map so I'm
assuming that everything is over here
everything is to is to my upper right
and so when I move forward that's kind
of where I'm gonna go from now on all
right gobbledygook says jacket well soon
until then in your best Bane voice can
you look at the camera and say no one
cared who I was until I put on the mask
from DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's
free fucks no one cared who I was until
I put on the mask
oh that Bane I don't know no that's um I
don't know what I thought that was just
Batman way to me I guess maybe that's is
that bad
from DC maybe that's from DC Universe
Online somebody says that no like Bane
is from DC Universe Online well okay
you don't necessarily know that he's the
one who said that sure Lando mawari 88
says hey guys I have a baseball signed
by Neal Breen hey I ran into it at Vegas
51s I ran him into him I ran into him at
a Vegas 51s day
if I send it to rlm with return postage
would you guys sign it and mail it back
cheers and go Cubs no because you said
go Cubs oh snap burn fuck shit fuck any
any requests about sending us stuff
aside I don't know the call on that
email us email us someone else get back
to you I discovered the enemies to say
yes the name is everyone's gonna send
his crap sign then we have to make sure
I I wash my hands of it
wash your hands wash my hands of wash
him I had a great plan here rich what
happened huh what happened I was gonna I
assumed all the bad guys were over here
in this area and so I was starting to
move my team slowly that way of course
and I moved my sniper over and boom
they're all down here of course and all
my guys are way up here and my two
Snipes are just sitting over here like
bunch of jackasses here's here's an
option I already took a fire is then is
that sniper vital this one the one
that's flanked are they both linked
they're both planes yeah and no one else
can get over there in time
um can you at least shoot one of them to
death I tried do you have a hacker uh I
do oh you can you hack droids I don't
know if Ohno I think I bought I have
both of my heal specialist right now but
you don't you didn't take the hacking
George Burke I have I have one
specialists that's a combat and one
specialist that's a heal and usually I
went straight down the line heal huh you
went straight down the line here with
Thomas right I think I was experimenting
this my first time playing well maybe
it's fun like just cuz I have an opinion
on something minutes the old a right a
bit well no and what about what I really
like is on a mission and now I can have
six guys on a mission mm-hm
take one attack specialist one heal
specialist one heal specialist just
hangs back heals the team when they
needed over watches watches their six
and the attacker does the attacking
fuck nuts basically someone is about to
die is the meril of the story oh I could
I think I could eat him I could eat him
why is Jack who was coughing
periodically wearing a mask cuz he felt
like it I just thought it would be silly
as a fashion statement he's trying to
bring it in I thought it would be really
silly yes Jack does not have a shotgun
specialist yes Haley says a reason yeah
cuz right now I don't have an upgraded
shotgun but I do have an upgraded rifle
and so my shotgun specialist has a rifle
I can't look at this I could take a 45
percent shot at him which I might do
we'll see we'll see how good of
positions I can get my other guys in
nothing g-shot says get well soon jack
rich any info on the new commentary
tracks from rlm love to hear you guys do
a commentary track for tremors but all
of them have been very entertaining
thanks again oh good I have no official
words on anything yet I'm sure we'll do
some at some point no the cactus is
great cover
it's fine it's fine any cover that isn't
high coverage just worthless and and
there's not much of it to go around this
this game loves putting low cover spread
out there's one little tiny it's all
covered thing here there oh oh man nice
shot nice shot
capital that was a capital shot oh here
we go
61% chance I could kill one guy mom 61
that's not guaranteed oh no it's not
guaranteed but I could even theory yes
in theory I could and I put my protected
drone on that lady guy whoever that
person is you doing it jack
you're doing it I could be doing it does
your does that one sniper do you still
have patient use the pistol no okay all
right ready and I upgraded my sniper
rifles so let's go come on dice roll you
did that thing boom turbo Jesus my pesos
richer Jack could you please draw your
interpretation of an average rlm fan
keep up the okayish work you're all fine
people what you already sick yeah I
think you know much much like us the
average rln fan oh thanks oh nice see
that's that was a perk that I got for
them the retaliation that guy just
marked me he didn't even shoot me and
just for marking yes that's actually
pretty nice just for marking it took a
shot at her
it's oppression but that doesn't hurt me
fuck it up take it saver Mao says
speaking of a Street Fighter 5 have you
tried those really really old Sierra
online / walt disney games from 1984
1986 you're available for free where the
original programmers website I'm not so
sure that the original Sierra games are
free where you might be downloading them
illegally somewhere they're very small
files in the very old games probably
easy to find but we've stream some of
the classic serie games before we have a
very popular police quest stream oh yeah
I'm not familiar with any classic Disney
games later and except for Scrooge
McDuck doesn't even suck my cock look
Scrooge McDuck is the only thing that
Disney is done right that in the marvel
cinematic universe Lord Belmont says
have you ever heard any of the Lisa oh
yes I have at least a lamb incident from
2013 but it is mysterious debts what
people think way too much into the
creepy details and assume that things
prop assumed things that probably aren't
there it's it's definitely creepy
have you heard you should they found her
a knob oh you have taken I think we're
talking about another street Nina go
ahead bring it up this is a happy XCOM
stream well murdering things left and
right but I need to talk about Lisa yeah
murder and Ribbit's over at Lisa I'm not
even sure he's gonna stand outside of
covers oh he's doing suppressing fire
it's fine okay and I think I can take
him out with because that should stop
his suppressing fire Oh yep there we go
and now this person has a flank on him
and there's no other enemies that I know
of so I was willing to take that risk
you need to realize no I have not seen
Deadpool yet
I would like to same goes for me I would
really like to
there was a good debunker video about
ELISA Lam video on YouTube well I like
the bunking look whoo-hoo I like
debunking what started a boat though
there's just like a lot of mystery so
that it's probably less debunking and
more just like here the facts she's a
woman who had some kind of psychological
issues I think as far as everything else
involved with her death there's not
really that I know of conspiracy issues
it's just a lot of weird things so I
could have taken a sniper shot but my
sniper shot was actually less accurate
than my pistol shot your sniper rifles
are great at close range right and so
what I just did there and in this game
they're not great at long range either I
just an elite strategy they're reloaded
my sniper rifle and now I'm gonna take
the pistol shot good because he's only
got one yeah pretty sure
and it's 97% so I'm really hopeful day
thank you for hitting that 93% oh yeah I
think for the first time like literally
in in like years of playing these new
games uh-huh I missed my first 99% shot
mmm the other day no that was fine
there's like old finally say I've been
really lucky
up until now because that has never
happened before and I've got a thousand
hours in sure you're starting to think
that ah no everything's fine all the
time you need to reload - lets just take
a moment and let's just reload it
everybody you know no enemies on screen
except for you why don't you come over
here well no no no no
let's get everyone else ready first you
need to reload you need to reload let's
just take come on we're just gonna
reload rough macmillan terry says yes
I'm a little behind here but finally saw
space cop epic work epic work guys worth
all the weight particularly like the
rich cabins in ski look well I'm gonna
say more spoilers yep cuz spoilers but
we know what you're talking about and we
like it too
I actually kind of like you up here and
you can take you can see over there
actually I want my other sniper to be up
here okay I'm not saying anything
because my other sniper has the long has
the long watch and so if they go up here
I'm assuming all the enemies are over
here there's still more enemies to be
had they're all over here so if my other
sniper is up here he'll be able to do a
long overwatch and take shots all the
time okay
forever so this sniper do what you must
I'm this is my plan the sniper is going
over here
VAR er 77 says hey guys nothing much to
say besides thank you for several years
of entertainment via half in the bag
best of the worst and previously
recorded keep it up please and thank you
I noticed you listed previously recorded
last oh snap last huh I completely
understood I'm surprised you listed it
at all let's be honest
coo coo cachoo please no space kappa
spoilers i didn't say anything
this ejection I got shit cover
everywhere oh that's they're talking
about it on the chat board don't talk
about space have spoilers in the chat
it's been out for a while but some weird
theaters everywhere and you can't miss
it
right don't just don't just don't please
don't
which if you can cast a live-action Dark
Knight Returns live-action movie who
would you cast I would not cast a a Dark
Knight Returns live-action movie it
doesn't need to be a live-action movie
it's a fine comic bar
good copy moving on target
Oh
the aliens have got to be in there
somewhere but why Harwich but where
where could they be okay
priority number one things I know I'm
doing you are going up here can you get
up there yet
yeah you can this is where you're going
that's your home now you stay up there
you stay in your home you're gonna live
in that home and you're gonna shoot
people over here that's your job now who
are you you're another sniper you can
hang out my team's a little too spread
out right now can you work out a way to
do those text-to-speech things I've seen
around they look fun and might be less
annoying
WTF ish text-to-speech thing yeah I
think they're annoyed by the constant
messages I'm not sure what kind of fucks
some though he said WTF I don't I don't
know oh no I think um I think he meant
like the Oh like the reading out loud of
what the tips say I mean we do that
anyway
yeah I don't know maybe finds it
annoying when we do that I don't know
mMmmm distephano 87 says d steph and oh
no de Stefano
well sorry some art tard an Alien
Resurrection said it been my screen name
for many years right I'll try and keep
that mind sorry that's hard
hardening old text it's hard to know you
know things are pronounced especially
what's pre names cuz they did you think
it just appeared mmm-hmm DeStefano oh
they always extenders like I said he
type in like a toes so the Oh is
important
over watch can you have a robot voice
read off the donation messages so
there's a robot voice going on while
we're talking yeah that would be great I
think rich and I have talked about this
before we want some level of moderation
with the donations that's true too
that's and that's why we don't let the
donation text pop up where we just want
a some amount of control over some
amount of moderation over what y'all say
because you know sometimes y'all be
crazy we have we have our limits yeah
though that limit is not lol fuck my car
nope all good with lol fuck my cock I
was feel bad when I have the specialist
heal themselves you know it's like you
greedy bastard I think no Gibson would
make a great older joke oh no he has the
correct face for it I don't think he
could give the correct performance is
can't I can't picture it at all
you couldn't picture his face as the
older Joker he's got a well not acting
acting yea acting acting wise I don't
think he has the he won't he wouldn't
give the right performance I think
you're fucked with live action Joker's
for a while it's because of Heath Ledger
yeah
Oh what are you shooting at obviously
saw something were you shooting that I
got a glimpse a glimpse I didn't it's
fine
that's what overwatch is for you yeah
the glitchy things oh by the way it's
flashbangs to keep them from doing that
divide-and-conquer shit oh yeah I'll
tell you what I prefer the divide in
Congress shit cuz it usually haves their
health and then they're way easier to
take out
I just hate their teleporting because
teleporting doesn't cost them or you
know if they teleport like I mean they
split like three times you don't have
enough moves in one turn to murder them
all you're gonna get overwhelmed by
other things I think they're awful oh I
hate it when they split let's see if
we're gonna take some of these bastards
out one enemy with four health you can
kill two enemies with two health is
gonna take two different shots from two
different people
mmm awful awful 49% shots trying to
think who would be a good old Joker oh
it's a great sniper right there that man
with the man bun he's my favorite sniper
now as much as I love Mark Hamill's
Joker I'm trying to picture him as a
live action oh oh no and you know he
does um did I tell you about Mark Hamill
on the flash yeah I don't know if you
told me about I'm familiar with as the
trickster yep
and he does his Joker from Batman
animated series voice yeah but he's Mark
Hamill and live-action yeah it is
painful to watch yeah I don't want to
see Mark Hamill when I hear that voice I
want to see the Joker
let Jim Carrey do oh fuck that everybody
way too awful he's goofy enough but I
don't think he could pull off any kind
of sinister Oh Jim Carrigan would do
very sinister when has he done sinister
that was convincing him not awful you
weren't freaked out by the Cable Guy no
that's a comedy yeah but like he still
was like he was created you need you
need to get some amount of actual menace
out of it
I never got Davis key definitely did
creepy and weird good yeah that's what
you need but there's nothing in that
performance it's actually scary you give
that performance a joker script
so there's joke scary with him in the
Cable Guy there's not any kind of real
scary no no no he's menacing manas no
you crazy you crazy boo and it's fine
for that part he was a dark comedy
53 53 53 coin flip
that's fine that's fine which is wrong
so wrong I think I think you you're
winning one over me jack yeah as long as
I got one I'll take it rich mom get
watch Mel Gibson in Expendables 3 its
total Joker I haven't seen I haven't
seen any of the Expendables movie movies
you know neither have I and I'm I think
that's an OK thing that's my plan the
average do I have a plan the answer is
no I do not have a plan and that's
that's the rough part well it's never a
good thing when you don't have a plan
next time right and that's that's my
problem is I got a I got to come up with
my plan who has a grenade you have a
grenade
cruft Nick military says you don't have
to read this part out loud ok
it's all good it's all good he's
apologizing for saying something about
space captain Oh spoiler I stopped so
it's all good here's my plan
steve buscemi cool oh you have potential
there oh that's this is a good blend of
creepy and comical hmm that's actual
creepy and not comical creepy you could
do that you can do that well I'm not
convinced jim carrey good I mean I
obviously think you're wrong okay so I
threw a grenade to get rid of their
cover but then they cloned themselves
that's okay because I should be able to
take care of but before before I get to
that donation Chad's bringing up Tim
Curry alone no Tim kayler he couldn't
know he couldn't now ever no he could
have won he could have at one point you
know you know the trivia about him and
the Joker right no you know I'm assuming
this is why it came up in the first
place mark hamill for Batman the
Animated Series
The Joker originally wasn't Mark Hamill
when they started recording and
animating it it was someone else
it was Tim Curry I think you have said
this before I just forgot you know why
they changed it why it was too fucking
terrifying it was way too terrifying for
a children's show I could believe that
Mark Hamill ended up getting parts Tim
Curry does have an amazing voice and
well he probably would have been good I
think we're all better off from her
camel having got the part absolutely
okay gobbledygook said have you ever
read I'm gonna butcher this name be Tom
men mankiewicz Ben mankiewicz mega
Whitman tom polish name 1983 script the
Batman
meant for Bill Murray as Batman Ivan
Reitman directing elmer bernstein score
and Robin Williams is the Joker
box-office bust question work this is
the first I've ever heard of it so I
can't give you a comment 83 and Bill
Murray I'm assuming they were still
going off of the campy sixties Batman
that was the the popular culture Batman
at the time mm-hmm so I don't know I'm
being greedy here rich what should what
you agreed so here's the thing I can
kill this guy yeah very easily but this
Ranger has a skull mine so I can skull
mine it and kill it instantly and get
data yep so I'm gonna take the lesser
percentage shot on this hoping I kill
that so then my ranger can come come in
here and skull what's the percentage
difference uh machinist oh so the shot
is 45 percent to 36 percent I'm getting
greedy
I have other opportunities to kill them
both and everyone's at full health so I
feel like it's an appropriate risk Hey
yeah do what you will do I can't I want
to skull mine I want to get more data
known axe 85 says waiting to foa's old
Joker think about it
yeah
maybe yeah yeah no maybe about it yeah
yeah wait can you skull mine those
things or is it only the soldiers now
it's on to attend tab to cycle through
what you can head highlight works too
for that yeah
I'll take care of these other bitches we
got bitches to take care of riches yeah
it's hard it's hard to imagine now but
before before Tim Burton's Batman Batman
was just saying as that can't be out of
that was the that was the Batman
everyone thought of Adam West yeah it
was camp you were in comic book circles
actually the Dark Knight didn't even
come out and seven dart out returns
Frank Miller the comic yeah oh yeah yeah
that was in the turnaround started for
Batman his his metamorphosis I guess you
could argue it started with neon atoms
but
what what what Amy what what I don't
know I don't know what you're
referencing
we got to move some bitches Frank Miller
was pre burger
yes but the Dark Knight Returns as
popular as that wasn't comic book
circles did not have the cultural impact
that Batman 89 did Tim Burton's Batman
was influenced by The Dark Knight but
that wasn't the cultures Batman told 89
right
explode highway to explode his own oh
really
you're out to pay for saying that's
pretty good I can't right now if you
don't move you can remove your shirt
yeah yeah with it what what it was at
88% and now it's at 37 percent dnews no
were you shooting out with a different
soldier
no he's behind how you covered is that
wouldn't be a high percentage shot you
read something wrong I guess I must have
I really thought it said 88% not behind
high cover oh he's been behind a cover
he's behind half covered
look at his eye huh yeah go highlight
the enemy oh you see a picture the
shitter yeah yeah yeah I must have read
that wrong
it happens sometimes I see a three as a
baby
Oh idiot was the sword someone saying uh
I should have sorted him should have
sorted him I was not watching I didn't
see and I was not thinking that was my
problem
oh wait where's my other there you are
there's my other I don't don't use the
footage you don't use it for both oars
awful okay the heart is very situational
okay with the for the thorn you mean the
the the alien activator five thousand
they get surrounded a Power Rangers are
rich did you see that fucking awesome
shot do you see that fucking 41% sniper
shot Koki 41 41 yeah call me when you
make like a twenty you saying that was
that snipers ii under 50% shot this this
stream I'm gonna call that fucking
awesome curb shot I'm not gonna call him
shark jaws yeah cold shot I demand your
calling show sort thorn thorn the
Rangers are great with a shotgun shotgun
fucking great it does more damage it's
it's more accurate when you're
relatively close to the enemy but you
don't have to be right next to them
shotgun all the fucking way fuck that
sword I was right I was right when I
said thorns don't belong an X come many
many months ago I was right it's a very
situation the I'll tell you my one
problem with the thorn is if you get the
skull Jack the skull jack is an
insta-kill
whereas this the Ford doesn't set amount
of damage the skull Jack only works
unlike that few different only but you
know the most it works on the most
common type of enemy so to me it's a
little weird I like before I like the
Thor Thor does good damage and you know
like if you're playing cleanup just
having that as an
option you know like oh this guy can
take out this we'll see if this guy can
take out this then my Ranger will take
care of this one guy in one Tom poop the
Ford in one file poop
why are there thorns in XCOM anyway we
got Thord they're cool
Thor they're cool and we know I like
thorns you're a big Ford I like thorns
not not in the context of a shitty shoot
game though that's where it gets weird
or does it belong in some kind of like
fantasy setting or or ninjas yeah
yeah here's the downside miss Cole
Jackson one type of enemy yeah and
relative to the Thor it's only seventy
percent right but it's an instinct
things like the swords usually like 88
to 91 or something weird I'm not sure
how they calculate the head percentage
already because obviously it's not
distance based you know you run up and
slice the thing hmm the nice thing about
the Ford is also you can you can use
both of your movement point a running
gun so you can run again no no there's a
running gun well I'm saying you but you
can do that right away you you do that
right away and get overwhelmed once you
activate every other alien on the path
as you run towards that one enemy you
could just hunker down and sat out a
turn yeah maybe taking one injury but
now everyone's gonna die because you
activated six aliens ready to take that
thorn quack I'm gonna throw it school
I'm gonna run up and oh shit
that's the thorn
anonymous says hey guys I tried to tip
in it broke my PayPal account oh I've
been on the phone for an hour baby you
also I love rlm and you brighten my days
I'm very sorry but we appreciate the
$3.00 we do thanks for braving your bank
just for us your bank was like you you
can't give you who are you giving your
money to rich do you think that because
the Ghostbusters reboot cast with all
women it is protected from further
criticism on it ever being made that's
what I've been saying since they first
announced Ghostbusters is a movie that
worked because of the specific comedians
who are now that movie work specifically
because in the chemistry and the
characters they'll be good ever when we
works because Bill Murray
mostly then bravest and an act right
make that movie you do it you do a
reboot with other people in white why am
I supposed to give a fly
but now as women so if you don't like it
it's it's just any criticism against the
movies just gonna be deflected they
don't like they don't like it's all
that's what's going on it's gonna happen
I think that there are some people that
will say that but I think that that's
bullshit mm-hmm it might even be a
decently it doesn't need to be a
Ghostbuster I'm not going to be a
Ghostbusters will because Ghostbusters
is those bugs it's not because of Bill
Murray dan Aykroyd in heraldry I think
it's not it's not gonna be ghostbusters
because of course it's not yep but I
think they wanted to remake it because
that's all Hollywood does anymore hmm
and so they said well let's at least try
something yeah and they had and they had
to and so this was the way they could
make it different it's not protected
against criticism people will criticize
anything I'm firmly in the camp though
don't remake it all Ghostbusters is one
of those movies don't you does not need
to be remade it's like Robocop did not
need to be remained and you know I
oh I'm fine with women I'm even you know
I is that the fact that this women
doesn't bother me it's the fact they're
remaking ghostbusters that Rather's I'm
just saying any any criticism that the
movie is going to get perhaps rightfully
for being the shitty reboot it was just
gonna be deflected by people saying oh
oh in a library and I think only
assholes will make that argument I mean
it's gotta happen though oh sure it's
gonna happen but it will happen from
assholes and so I'm not worried about
I generally don't let assholes dictate
my life stand up to what Oh has it been
an hour okay let me I'm listening as
soon as we're done with this are you too
sick can you stand are you healthy and
I'm going to stand because that is the
right thing to do
I don't know why I'm asking you that
because we all know you just want to ask
for fashion reasons boom go got you I
can't stand grazed hey I still killed
him he only had one left that's what
that would that return fire has been
saving my ass today uh yeah okay we're
doing it we're doing all right you have
a heel yeah you do you're gonna you're
gonna grim one heel
you're gonna gremlin he'll then you're
gonna overwatch
okay who's left the only person that's
left is this bitch right here 65 Dodge
is the worst addition prove me wrong
here's the thing I don't know how they
calculate Dodge but what if you're
getting that gray shot in as opposed to
completely missing right maybe it's
actually helping you you thought about
that it just did for me if if that would
be a fold onto that codex would still be
alive oh I think also we can't hear the
game so I think I just won oh shit which
I didn't want to do I wanted to heal my
other soldier first why doesn't matter
doesn't matter well if I heal them here
are they still in just a 100 well then
fuck it I thought I might get away from
that oh they're a bitch with God they
really are and the previous game yeah
like armor was so many points if you're
wearing aren't well the default armor
was only one anyways he's still got more
dude if he got shot a little later
armors like the armor was like added
four to your health you didn't get
wounded unless you like more than four
damage oh sure
yes they don't give a fuck you could be
wearing a tank and Nick for one damage
you're wounded
ah fuck alright let's stand up all right
that's a smart thing to do you know what
that was a pretty good mission
no one died I had the blue scream of the
mic stand I wonder if I fucked up at
least me
right
oh my god a horrible glory he says
gentlemen did a certain female rlm crew
member make you censor the exploding
varmints it was for YouTube standards
full original videos on YouTube so
destroy that tape with impunity it at
one so we're not destroying it by virtue
of at least being interesting and what
it is but I'm a member talking about to
the standards we were a little bit right
about standards there was at least some
talk of that when we when we filmed I
can answer this question because Mike
Mike emailed Jay and I about that very
thing well wondering about standards and
about common decency mm-hmm and we had a
little bit of a discussion and the
consensus between Jay Mike and myself
was that it could be flagged by not not
by YouTube but by a nut you know but I
like someone who's like this is this
video is obscene yep which it could be
yep
and two for general like just for
general niceness I did suggest I
suggested a comical censorship whereas
like I found I found like a clipart of
like ouch with a little explosion behind
it I thought that would be really funny
Jay wanted to make sure that you still
saw the bits but you didn't see you
didn't see the main explosion but you
still needed to see the bits and I agree
with that that's such a Jay call yes
that was a very Jay call but by the way
that was the absolute correct call you
need to see the bits but not the main
explosion and really for the comedy of
it
yeah seeing seeing the main explosion
might turn people away from the horror
you know so I'm I'm okay with that call
I I suggested that call it seemed more
horrifying to be censored because you
lose the comedy value to some extent I
don't know I don't know I lose you lose
the absurdity of it and then you're left
with the abstract idea that an animal
exploded yeah but the absurdity is that
it happens over and over and over and
over again that's the real that's
blunted though without seeing it and it
loses the company it became creepier
well good actually became creepier in my
eyes good let it become creepier did I
okay we got here take a shot with a
small everything that those significant
damages I hate that
I never I never I never find myself in
an area in a position where I want my
sniper to have less I hate the other one
to the other the other one just saved my
ass last rather the other one save me
save me you know you know what I saved
your ass having a Grenadier
yes yes that would have saved your ass
they're all sick
Caesarion firt says yeah hey guys I've
had a pretty bad week cheer me up with
an impression of George Lucas with AIDS
discussing 9/11 that is as you know what
every rlm fan truly wants to see that's
true I got age 11 I was in the bathhouse
when word came in about the planes you
gonna see a weird graphically I guess I
guess I wasn't the only one who got
fucked that day today I says like
another viewer said during a very hard
time in my life I look toward the
Wednesday and Saturday streams a
highlight of my week I'll pray for your
great success happy families and many
more streams thank you thank you very
much thank you the next this is
something that has happened to me a
couple times by the way yeah look at
this so you know I get to choose my new
thing right yeah and you click on this
and it highlights yeah you click on Dead
Eye highlights we click on lightning
hands yeah so we're gonna have to pick
right now just go away and come back I
know anything that's a weird glitch
these things get patched sooner or later
yeah when people were asking about
glitchy thing but here's the weird thing
when you develop it when you develop on
a PC because the game was developed
before the PC yes they might have
problems of PC games because all the
hardware's fucking different right when
you when you develop for a console the
advantages you know the hardware is
gonna be the same for everybody
yep
but everyone's got a processor video
card different Mouse memory absolutely
different operating system absolutely
it's amazing they can do it at all some
says minor glitch not worth patching
before release yeah that wouldn't be my
priority I'm not I'm not saying you know
it's a big deal it's just one of those
things is weird all right we got a shit
ton of supplies and an hour John that's
a that guy was an aesthetically
impressive specimen bull the hidden
horrors of melting organic tissue with
the inner workings of the machine are
well disguised here the unique melee
weapons employed by the creature could
be of particular interest to long

[Part II]
just too long on the windows I know my
force is under strength can't hear you
roots I can't hear you what Brad
Bradford was talking to me but I don't
know what he was saying bullshit
he's Bradford fucking Bradford was it I
you know the commander gets taken out of
commission Bradford's in charge what
happens what aliens take over the earth
that's what happens when Bradford's in
charge am i right satori omission in the
first game
Bradford's in charge because you can't
make any year on decisions everyone dies
except for one person everyone dies your
scientists and top engineer say yeah
it'd probably be a really good idea to
try and capture one of the aliens alive
Bradford just can't understand the
tactical value of value of capturing a
live alien just like leverage that makes
no sense why would you want to do that
then they're just like Shen engineer
Chen's just like awkwardly like you know
what he's thinking well we could have
Tara gate them for information you're a
military man you should know this right
hey you know I I can feel it in his head
that Ash Ennis if he feels like he's
talking to a child we could we can
interrogate the alien we hope you don't
know this all right here we go
is this is this the the stuff that gives
me a permanent armor upgrade no
experimental arm around what the fuck
spider suit maybe what's your go-to your
research well this is this is my that's
your just something different go to
research
I click on the name at the bottom oh
sure I guess I could do that
how's research and research alright I
just want to see what your house oh
that's the only research that I have
right now
well I think you have to stop the shadow
project so you're not researching Irma
right now no I'm doing the shadow okay
no the and the by the way in change
research all like this is the only thing
I have to research no you would have to
cancel your shadow private go to the
cheddar chamber chamber this interrupts
any kind of normal resource Oh what it's
like I'm this like a main story research
I want armor may not sure I've never
stopped us before it's only got six days
you're gonna wait it out just wait it
out I need to wait for my shit to heal
anyway I knew soldier oh that's right
maybe I can maybe I can promote you find
what is Bradford Jeff I have no idea
because you are in charge of edge scum
Brad Bradford is your cold did you
coffee no easier Colby smolders he's
your number one he's that he's your
Maria Hill
lightning hands like that Lenin hand
this is what happens when Bradford's
insurance we're scavenging for every
supply we can get AUSA the support of
the council classic Bradford whoa
classic Bradford news oh just some good
cheese you you need the the advanced
warfare center you just need it what are
you gonna rebuild stuff
well yeah I'm building a room right now
seven days to build a room good you have
an empty space so I got a lots of empty
space
well then I'll cleared out no nothing to
build I'm seven days to clear this room
up what are you building
oh you're clearing then I'm clearing
that I got my defence matrix that was my
only fought one UFO but I really thought
that would happen more often yeah so my
defence matrix right away I got a power
relay because you need a power really
proving grounds you need that gorilla
tech school you need that resistance
comms you really need that I probably
didn't need the defense matrix I built
that a little too soon I just got done
building the resistance come and I
really should have got that a lot sooner
but you know we needed the power thing
guerrilla tactics cool you know you need
this helps proving ground yeah you know
what oh I mean what else do you build we
gotta build this stuff have have I
gotten used to this game work I'm loving
the game now yeah yeah I I described it
earlier like like like coming home from
from work and Europe your wife or
girlfriend you know you expect a nice
hug but the said she punches you in the
face yeah yeah that was that was the
initial oh my god but then it just
turned into really great rough sex it's
turning a great makeup she was just
trying out a new thing
I need to recruit more pimps and more
pushers do we wanna hear all these guys
look the same you you look different
jars clack you're recruited some people
are into that rich well I'm not don't
punch me in the face yes kiss kissing a
hog blood just like what do we need we
need more ranges boom arranger alright
here's what we're gonna do I still hate
the time oh I've gotten used to it they
were I can understand what they wanted
to do they wanted to shake up the the
most effective strategy from the last
game which was to take your time right
overwatch don't move up too far be
cautious take your time and they wanted
to shake that up I think I think
arguably at least at least maybe
definitely on the the earlier
difficulties come on and I'm like I'm
playing veteran veteran iron man okay
and I want to go there I think I've
failed one or two missions because of
the timer maybe maybe maybe like what
you say they won't even take much
there's like one or two extra turns and
make that all the difference in the
world because I can't tell you how many
times I've made it out on the last term
mm-hmm the ones the ones were if you
don't get out all of your team gets
captured those are those are fucking
nail-biting experiences
I had one that really pissed me off I
was actually doing decently it was one
of those uh you know rescue the guy and
get out for twelve terms and I had
everybody ready to to get out and you
know or we're in the roof only because
of the firefight I had near the roof I
know six fires going on and by the time
I had everybody one tur away from going
into the extraction points like the
floor and the building collapsed and
they the extraction point was like
nullified it moved halfway across the
map I had two terms to get halfway
across the map I got one guy it really
pissed me off
story story is that the chat bear strong
says I read preacher this week because
of you guys talking about it one of your
blood-borne strangers oh man what a trip
yeah preachers Nathan made says here's
two dollars for going back to the last
wheel the worst and injecting jello SFX
blood and soft silicone into the losing
tapes all the blown up at the most
powerful rifle in state lazy hacks
here's two dollars for going back to the
last wheel of the worst and injecting
jello SFX blood and soft silicone into
the losing tape and to blow it up at the
most powerful rifle in the state sure
but it won well we could have done that
total we could have done that to another
thing we made those files
codex I might be able to recover them or
blow the entire ship to hell this time
around I didn't say I needed the
creature here Brett I am conference Tory
have provided your soldiers and get
closer so the without destroy elders
that would get arranged need human DNA
to keep from dying out killing tens of
thousands of people
it looks like now you need to skull jack
one of those glitchy things
oh oh okay cool okay so now we can
change research so what gives me the
good armor oh um oh you must have
already researched it well here's what I
hear you're gonna go to engineering
build items build items sorry okay
armor armor there you go
you need more supplies this one is the
red one this is the good armor yes oh
okay
and once I buy this everybody gets it
yes well fuck well then yeah we're
getting more supplies it's like the you
know it's kind of nice cuz the last game
you had to build each like weapon and
armor individually yeah and that's what
I was assuming happened this time and so
I was like oh I guess I'll just build
one pistol give it to my sniper and
worry about it later and then I'll send
all my snipers not that pissed and I was
like Jeff they had to because supplies
are short than this kind of like I
really actually like that yeah they went
all in on the resistance theming yes
okay change research we're still
researching a lead gen oh you're a Shen
is so shady of doctor what's his pants
over there
delirium delirium Co oh that's right
the proving grounds what do we need here
what do we want what do we want
don't don't underestimate mo organize
what I what I do like and I do some
things I do like it I don't mind yeah I
do I be the like the experimental ambos
you get the problem is whichever what
there's like multiple different
varieties of ammo it's like poison ammo
yes fire ammo that sets things on fire
there's extra crit chance ammo which I'm
trying to get from my fucking shotgun er
I got a one game it wasn't the first
thing I got I'm trying to get at this
game I'm going through now it just won't
come out cuz it's random every time you
do this oh yeah knowin I got I got I
think I got the extra crit chance ammo
and I just never use it put it on put it
on a shotgun oh yeah put on a shotgun
derp flanked and you will fucking kill
things you know what is maybe it's not
the extra crop gun beats the fuck out of
me stupid ass sword oh good everybody's
healed now every but look at this
everybody's healed now next next next
mission is gonna be a Doozer all right
we got a I'm gonna choose a project here
bill heck up I always forget which what
it is every single time I see that name
you remember you remember I don't yeah
bill don't laugh I'm doing I am doing it
right yeah you got it
every time I think I'm going to correct
myself I do it wrong I think bill the
heck away time to get that wrong it's
building oh wait no I was right the
first every time all right except for
this time this is hey guys just got my
tax refunds bonus and an escrow refund
check so here's a whopping ten dollars
as a thank you barely bend it all in one
place PS thanks about hey maybe visiting
Milwaukee for no reason mmm it's a
terrible city terrible terrible city
should go to Vegas really that's the
best place to spend your money just go
to Vegas no summer warm yeah
oh I just don't have the funds don't
have the funds for an advanced warfare
Center by the way I'm not going to be
playing this game tonight because I
don't want to get jack germs jack germs
just all over all of this stuff I've
been washing my hands constantly these
are fresh clothes I showered before I
came I'm wearing a mask to keep my germs
away from rich since you've told me
about the germs I've had this
psychosomatic sore throat thing going on
you're crazy I know I am I know I am
because you're good it would be insane
for me to start getting symptoms that
quick ladies yeah what I have learned
from Oh what I have learned from best of
the worst the guy who played bill and
blood debts was the same guy who got
stabbed through the mouth by a katana in
ninja warriors love your show and 1000
thank you you said one thousand thank
yous and for like a brief moment I
thought okay was that one thousand
dollar donation was that one does that
money met by what oh oh I will take the
one thousand thank you thank you thank
you and thank you and thank you for the
$2 I'm just kidding
we appreciate it I'll rent you a
horrible jerk somebody says black market
for the arm oh oh sure I get supplies to
the black market
I hate selling anything I just which is
another good thing one of the cheese
strategies in the original wine voice
you just sell fucking everything to buy
the satellite so you can do the
satellite rush sure this one you might
regret selling things cuz like all these
things you can buy like some of them use
corpses lyrium cores they use they use
all this junk you're acquiring sure sure
okay here it is the super armor instant
build
at this point at this point I didn't
actually think it's a running joke that
the middle armors fucking looks like
shit alright somebody says something in
the game either somebody says it or it's
in the description that it might not
look the best but sure this predator
barber might look rough
you like the flashbang grenades on well
I don't want to spend my money there cuz
now now I have the money to build they
make up for oh that's good that's
fucking beautiful just beautiful now we
have the money to build the oh no we
have insufficient power now can you
upgrade you can upgrade a power thing I
need another engineer well you can
there's a flutter upgrade that should
give you like some more power I'm not
sure how much sure though that might be
costing you probably can't afford it oh
you can no I can afford the upgrade but
and then I couldn't afford the room but
I suppose upgrade now yeah upgrade now
and then I'll be able to afford the room
later I'm gonna tell you something I
didn't learn right away you know yeah
the workshop the workshop there's
something called a workshop and if you
have an engineer staffing the workshop
you get to gremlins and drones that work
as two engineers but they only work with
the adjacent things like what's above
and below and left right of you oh but I
put one like the dead center and then
you get like the power up top because
you always want an engineer in power
anyway yeah one in the resistance come
and then you can upgrade it and you can
shove two engineers in the workshop but
you get four of those drones so you can
powerful you know 40 everything's right
you need
stretches your engineering resources
sure okay now we need a new research
did you try what I strat an experimental
grade okay cuz now especially that all
my people will have an extra slot again
they can hold some extra grenades great
okay plasma Lord Belmont says as for
another mysterious creepy case have you
heard of the tullman shud case in 1949 a
man was found dead on Somerton Beach in
I can't I'm horrible with names animal
no wait
Adelaide Adelaide Australia it's
extremely fascinating something about
that seems vaguely familiar
I don't know Australia all was actually
involved man at an airport knowledge and
there was an issue because he had a
passport for a country that didn't exist
and he could point out in a map work
should have been but you know it wasn't
there on the map I think they detained
him they put him in like a room you know
fishy going on and then the next day he
was gone
that is weird
that is weird okay we've done we've done
all the things we're supposed to do okay
my keyboard mouse setup here is a little
unbalanced British super into conspiracy
theories not really I do find this is as
fiction like creepy stories interesting
that's right I don't believe there was a
man from an alternate dimension in a
country that exists an alternate
timeline who ended up in ours for a day
I don't believe that but it's a fun
story mm-hmm get off of this I don't
want that third oh yeah thing a thing
popped up on your Windows 10 I don't
understand Windows 10 I don't I think my
thumb hit the start button oh that's
right that goofy start thing came up
it's goofy I don't like what we got the
Codex brain coordinates I can't get
there yet Oh a Supply Drop that's what
we need
y-drop doo doo doo doo supply drop them
get more supplies than we can build
advanced warfare center dude dude dude
dude Oh Anna guerilla targets rich would
totally be an SCP nerd some vaguely
vaguely related to creepypastas think of
it like think of it like things you
would find in the the warehouse where
they put the Lost Ark and oh what else
what else of a hiding some most of them
are terrible I've read a few really
interesting ones and there's a lot of
crap sure who another scientists that
would be nice
it's the day-night dynamic still used in
XCOM to know and that wasn't that wasn't
that wasn't that was in the 1993 XCOM
button it wasn't I don't think it was in
the EU one I don't think they picked
maps based on what day or what am living
I was day or night though maps were day
or night I never even thought about that
it didn't make any difference to
gameplay anyway in classic XCOM you
could choose when you went on the
mission and like time but if you ended
up there at night
visibility was shit no how much do we
need Intel I don't know I feel like I
haven't used any Intel you can buy
things in the black market
I can tell you use those when you open
up new areas you need a certain amount
of Intel the sure to find where the you
know rebels are located cuz like you
know right now we could really use some
supplies but I'm getting supplies
already but this one has an extra
mission you get 201 supplies that well
that's what I'm saying we have to choose
between that getting 87 Intel or getting
a scientist do the supplies yeah all
right I missed a donation earlier bad
Milo says rich you are great lawyers
will the works fantastic episode
are there some free Sega games on Steam
right now oh also there are some free
Sega games on Steam right now Jack get
well Stu's get well soon get Wells to
get well Stu spacecataz great
here are two thank-yous lol fuck my cock
thank you Lord Belmont says no that's
not the same case I won't talk about
them but that sounds really interesting
the Talman shut case is about a man that
died on that beach and it's mystery on
top of mystery there's even a cipher
never cracked yeah I know I'm just
talking about something completely
different with the passport guy I did
hear about the cipher case though when
you mentioned cypher cipher that made it
all click I've heard of that I don't
remember any of the details but I've
heard of it
nothing's have been interesting because
now I can actually bring along another
item and not give up my grenade stasis
vests regains help stasis rest that's
awesome
I don't even have that yeah it's a thing
you can get got my grenade sculpture or
tell about so those are the ones I want
right there yep town runs expand once
the timer gets penetrated causing great
internal no no you want these the tracer
rounds tracer rounds grandpa no no
that's aim yeah come on a shotgun go
close you don't need a you'd you need
anything a modifies damage it's good oh
yeah yeah then yeah then what you want
is you want to get up close shoot
explode some guts it's basically it's
like prairie dogs I don't want your
Ranger to be like he's hunting Prairie
doc absolutely every time every time I
shoot somebody with my rager now oh how
aliens aliens just going horrible just
joined why is Jack wearing that he's
making a fashion statement of a very
important fashion statement he's joining
a friend and it's part of his initiation
listen you gotta wear this Cooper mask
all that mmm
that's definitely
I don't need you because I think I have
my it is you're shaken available you
know I got my high Grenadier now this is
no this is a difficult mission so I
probably want to bring my spooky
porkchop spooky forward that's what
that's when I was going with my whole I
had a whole I had this whole plan I had
this whole plan for my finger where I
was gonna give all of my people skull
face paint and called them all spooky
and it got it got ruined this is a
spooky porkchop house in original this
is spooky pork jab oh I get an
additional slot now - that's right
he's gonna be jack you need a Grenadier
that's what I'm how many do you have
oh I'm good I'm removing so my I think
I'm gonna remove I mean go back to your
like if you discovered what you can do
in the gorilla training center wait a
man do you have rookies oh yeah turn a
rocky automatic yeah okay oh yeah I
could see you don't have any workers
yeah okay good good yeah but I have I
have two more Grenadier but you know you
not have sign yep sigh sigh sigh
operatives no I don't have anything do
an autopsy on the sector and then that
will unlock research for psionics yeah
you let sciatic research and then you
can build a psionic treating say oh and
I can't already
I just haven't cuz I haven't had the
resources well you at first you wanted
me to build the warfare thing you need
to do so many things this is you can't
do them all it's kind of great I'm very
excited great
I'm very early in the game
we Maxim one grenade her soldier kid out
of here how much would it take to get
Jack to draw something stupid on his
basket not very much
what do you mean draw something stupid
it's all something stupid on your master
they want they just draw a dick how much
would it take to get to draw me a judge
the draw to get me to draw a dick on
your mask or something silly whatever I
don't care
I have another mass with me so I I will
draw something and where that other mask
whoever donates what will you drop from
so summation no they should know what
they're getting
wait what what what are you drunk you
know don't say I'll draw anything isn't
exciting who did you write something
horrible right
so you had me yet me I think specific
like big chemical lips kissy face sure
sure
we're gonna let get like three options I
I will draw must be a dick
no dick drawing aloud on Twitch I don't
know that's true I don't know if that's
true but you could drop two circles in
the rod yeah I could make a dish come on
I can make it you just be a very bad
looking at tally me yeah you know Oh
endorse Trump there dick but dick
buttons getting so many commas I don't
know what a dick butt is dick butts a
reddit thing ok dick but seems to be the
clear winner ok yeah a fast Widow if you
want me to draw I will draw and put a
dick foot on my mask and where the dick
butt mask for the rest of the stream for
20 bucks your call 20 bucks 20 bucks 20
bucks what about sorry dick button
that's what you got
do I does not have the supplies
answers now
jack is low balling his low volume
that's what I put out there oh my big
butt on my face that's not not going to
do me no harm
Jack they want to know what difficulty
you're playing Oh rookie this is Jack's
first XCOM this is literally my first X
oh you know what we played a I played a
little bit with Rick I played through
Jack yeah a few hours our - this is ours
my very first time playing an X go I've
wanted to come out but last week a week
yeah I've got 79 hours in it right now
79 oh you're my Healey I had I had one
late-game squad white that was so
devastating I didn't have it in me to
keep playing the game
yeah I could have tried to muscle
through with some rookies but it's like
do you really care about what happens in
the Avengers moving after the Avengers
all dying and they're like replaced with
with like the defenders or something
right let the new guys we're taking over
two-thirds of the way through the movie
you came at us now right yeah I was like
I couldn't do it I couldn't do it
because I lost everyone
you're the you're the specialist I want
and the fact that I had a late-game
squad wife business um this time through
the game is going a lot smoother so
Austin Technicolor says Jack have you
seen the new Funny or Die faked
made-for-tv movie about donald trump
starring Johnny Depp
I thought it was pretty clever and
Depp's trump impersonation was pretty
spot-on
hi I have not seen it I've been I've
been looking forward to see it but I I
have not personally watched it yet just
because I haven't had the time but look
it does look very funny I'm gonna read
the rest of the subscriber later because
I want to read this one right now though
I'm just gonna put this guy to the front
of you and do it here lol oh fuck my
cock thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate nice yeah
I approval approval you do have the
torture on I do have to drop it it's
right there it's on the laptop so it
might be hard to see it's had a
nightmare suddenly this is the part of
XCOM where it's like this might not be
good to stream but this is this is the
part that makes I think XCOM worth it is
is the preparation it's making sure that
every single one of your soldiers has
all of their things perfectly you know
like you lay it all out
have you played around much with a scout
that's usually what my Ranger does okay
but now my specialist just got the thing
where her thing is he has he's a larger
rings cuz who you who you bring can
change depending upon position time
mm-hmm
like if it's something where I know I'm
gonna have to be mobile like the rescue
the VIP and get out in 12 turns yeah
maybe I don't bring a squad side slipper
hmm is there gonna be hanging back we're
always gonna be on the move
yeah
and I got two heavies - snipers how I am
scroll Wilson there's something right
over okay sorry I got two heavies two
snipers a ranger and a specialist and I
think I'm going to swap out one of my
snipers for my heel specialist just cuz
that's what I like more oh I am
unfamiliar this is an issue saying the
disorder nineteen eighteen eighty six
part to twitch upload is still gone from
your YouTube channel any news on that I
even know I don't even know there was
something gone from our YouTube channel
known I think I checked into that before
I I don't think there is a part two is
the thing is that just one big part I
think like there was a part one and then
like part two was a different game I'm
not sure I'll look in today if it ends
we know how that story ended because it
was glorious we end up the game yeah so
I don't know
I didn't know there was something going
so it's news to me
his gangster
you can't watch your stream of call of
duty on YouTube in the u.s. oh yeah me
and maybe that that could be a thing
with disorder too is we I mean several
of our videos have been flagged for
Content ID we haven't had a strike
against this yet but many of them have
been flagged for Content ID because they
contain content whatever yeah but and so
that could be the problem is you might
not be able to watch it if you're you
know doing something else that's stupid
you know it is what it is there is a
whole there's a whole big new kerfuffle
about old YouTube business which is you
know copyright owners taking down videos
and even if their fair use they're
taking them down and they don't care
it's it's just YouTube has the right to
take down any video of a but also
essentially a monopoly they are but they
can take down whatever videos they want
and more importantly more often than not
YouTube will you know the the big thing
people complain about is that they
YouTube favors the copyright holder you
know like any anyone can make a claim
against any video and that videos
immediately shut down while the claim
gets results basically halting any
profit that would be made from that
video during the claimants process right
yeah but the reason YouTube sides with
the claimant is because they are more
apt to side with say the corporations
that are giving them ad money than the
users who say use ad blocker I think a
lot of the stems from adblock
and be the they're losing revenue yeah
from adblock and unfortunately it's the
content creators who I was just tweeting
about fair use cuz everyone is all up on
YouTube's ass again and this is all
YouTube can do because the because the
user base keeps shutting down the system
adblock is horrible for YouTube it it
what do you think has turned like
YouTube red
the whole reason YouTube has a paid
service now is to get rid of those users
who are using Apple yeah they had a
great system in mind but then people
started using adblock and that turned
the whole thing flippy-floppy
and the creators are the ones who suffer
and unfortunately
he's the last bit of this yeah you know
that it's fine rather here's the really
unfortunate news but it's very very true
creators YouTube content creators are
the least part of this variable we are
the least important thing about YouTube
because anyone can upload anything
mm-hmm for every video for every view
that a great video that is a harsh
criticism of a movie gets there are
there are ten more views for a cat video
for every great criticism of a song
there are hundred more views for a music
video yeah uploaded by Taylor Swift
we are nothing to you - yeah and we're
replaceable yeah because the next
generation of kids who don't care about
money because they're young are gonna be
making videos Bahat behind us we are
disposable and replaceable and so
unfortunately we don't factor in yeah
to the YouTube system it's an only Jeff
you have drug Big Brother anonymous says
here's a donation so Jack and by all the
cold medicines nothing else
get well soon wait us think nothing else
but another it is a $20 donation sure
now here's another one
no Jack notices dude says not for dick
but but because I feel guilty for the
depraved entertainment that I got out of
the last wheel of the worst shove it up
your ass you sick fucks close to $20 or
more 25 in the jack notice these dudes
case well there you go none of them
specifically say you need to draw dick
but right I think that morally you
should draw a dick but oh yeah all I all
I said was that uh oh yeah and you know
what I got on my youtube brand here
mm-hmm
and I forgot I want to ditch one of
these snipers
ham has more abilities and has death
nabob and face off with your life also
if you don't like somebody's abilities
if you have that advanced warfare center
you can retrain them oh they're out of
commission for like ten days or
something like that while the retraining
but you can do it and so do I take you
know like ham has death from above which
I want because you know me I love
getting up on rubes and face off they're
both in but if I take bacon you know we
could level on which i think is more
important get that level up bonus yeah I
think I'll take bacon bacon also with
the I've mentioned you get the the bonus
skills yeah I had a sniper who just got
the most useless fucking sniper is about
skill mm-hmm after you kill an enemy you
can move one more time
oh my sniper who's not gonna be moving
oh that's great right now every time I
make a like last kill with my snipers
was the next turn starting I gotta wait
around because I forgot oh yeah wants me
to move the sniper click and turn okay I
think this one you can't even you can't
even like reload it just want you to
move no I don't want to move why would I
want to move the sniper it makes no
sense here we go here we go this is the
one I want you're the one that I want
you are the one I'm honey the one that I
want you are the one I want all right
you need a med kit where's my med kit
there's the med kit
which now that we know you've had sex
how much for a rich Evan the sex tape I
am a gentleman and I would never filled
that
I'm a gentleman also a scholar
okay now I got the makings of a team
over here
I mean when you look like me it really
has to be your personality it just has
to be wait was that going on a mission
where am I how did I end up here
what what happened was that going on a
mission you should here go oh yeah yeah
I was going my grill ops mission that's
what I was doing
yeah for supplies go oh see sometimes we
get a little bit of this how much to
never release your sex tape $1,000 okay
here we go all right hold on I need to
draw a dick but
jack is not arguing with me about my
self-depreciation because he is X comic
and that that takes your brain
collecting Donna saying rich don't know
if you if I got a chance to tell you I
finished far escape and I loved it
still waiting for the movie from Netflix
though our screen first games great
I thought it was your giant cock rich
you can't just you can't just start by
waving that out that's night that should
never be your opening move that makes
you a that makes you like a a sex
predator that's whipping out your day so
just yeah hey well just walk up to it
hey that's okay it's a thing shaped like
a dick
with a dick coming out of its butt I say
I understand
these things have like a ridges on it's
gonna be a little difficult
did I ever play any of the vogue squad
or games I think I played a bit of the
first one and I thought it was crap
because I was used to tie fighter and
compared to tie fighter Rogue Squadron
is just boring our Katy bullshit that's
fine if you like it wasn't for me it
wasn't for me
I'm trying addicted
yeah you you you draw your dick but you
draw right and true
hard part is getting to they're coming
out of his bar damn rich do you enjoy
anything that's not manga sure XCOM I
just talked about loving tie-fighter
clean on your god damn yours
rich-rich loves many games but you know
he's talking about the special special
okay see if this business showed up
might not have been a great idea cuz
nominee Hawking
I'm going to leave the room why would it
show up backwards the camera isn't a
mirror
and now I have a big coin on oh that's
great
thanks common Sharpie fumes as I write
this is gonna be great let's see it's an
experiment to see how Sharpie fumes
improves your tactical thinking ability
all right let's go on they're saying
that's a respectable different good
thank you
I don't have many I don't have much
artistic talent
dickbutt motherfucker all right grill
ops mission here we go beginning mission
I'm gonna do something that I do at the
beginning of every mission which is save
in case I lose everyone in the house to
save scum I'm gonna try not to because
you know that would be embarrassing me
neutralize all targets secure and
protect the trains never to go okay so
this is one of those things where it's
not on a timer but they will be
destroying something so there is a time
yeah usually you can deal with it's
pretty easily though because all you
need them you just need to have them to
be firing at you I had one where they're
just you know they're doing massive
damage to it yeah and then at some point
that just kind of forgot about it and
like wandered away from the transmitter
it was like several turns were they
didn't take any damage they eventually
got it I filled up Oh were they did they
find you like where you'd noticed well
the ones that were shooting it didn't
notice me I was really occupied
elsewhere on the map but what have a
crashing crashed yeah
it crashed like it's once I turned down
my graphical settings from high to
medium yeah I had one one crash and
that's like I said very nearly eighty
hours of the game so the only problem is
where is it gonna where's where's my
last save because who knows when I saved
last I think Iron Man is pretty good
about me doing constant saves we'll see
we'll see yeah I'm gonna send you a
crash report dude dude dude there's my
desktop nothing to it so anything
embarrassing on my desktop no blue
crayon says the landing craft crashed
they want me to ask you what your
favorite episode of Lost is pilot
undoubtedly the pilot the pilot episode
of Lost is one of the greatest shows on
television okay
the pilot episode is so good it even
kept me going through the bad parts of
lost when lost got bad for like a season
and a half which it really did that
pilot episode had enough momentum to
carry me through it getting bad it's
also somebody saying there was a
performance patch this morning that
helped a lot calm so great I will
double-check my graphical settings to
make sure they are on the lowest because
I believe they are I've not been able to
play it today but I'm certainly going to
play minimal I can't go any luck
I can't go any lower its Mac it's a
hackintosh you're playing it on a
hackett I'm it is it is available on the
Mac I meet the system requirements I I'm
just saying I'm just saying are you
playing the Mac version yeah oh no man
I'm playing the Mac version I'm it's
available for the Mac I meet the system
requirements I have alright alright this
is like my fourth or fifth crash well
minimal settings yeah theoretically I
would like to experience no crashes I
did this when did I do that save
I should probably go to this saving
oh you're not playing Ironman that's
right uh what are the times 1016 sever
the one you want that one oh this is
1024 this is 1016 Theon the one down
there is 950 7 p.m. you want the 1016
that's the later one what's the problem
read the oh you're looking up here I was
looking down here no oh yeah 1016 ok
great
we still lost a lot of time I feel down
there was time in game Oh what time it
was in game sure yeah
ok sure it's so weird me not to play
Ironman I'm not criticizing first time
you play XCOM it shouldn't be there man
it's just it's second nature to babe
it's just weird ok so where am I this is
the only rough part it's like I don't
know what I was doing there
oh I'm back over here oh yeah once I do
the Supply Drop and then I'm gonna get
cold on a gorilla shit what's gonna
happen but that happens randomly so I
might not be called on a girl or a shit
anymore
playing here man I would not notice that
happens Randy well yeah you get so many
a mission every night I mean I'm on
there or whatever ok let's see here
nice humblebrag rich I wasn't trying to
Humble brag look I've got a thousand
hours of XCOM 13 Intel or scientists if
it was an engineer I'd go for the
engineer I'd love to have an extra
engineer let's see I'm gonna go for the
164 supplies back to the US of A he's
out at Africa
oh by the way um better call Saul yeah
if you want I haven't even seen breaking
that neither of I'm or you know I saw
like the first couple of episodes of
Breaking Bad and did much care for it
and so I never watched the rest of it my
wife watched all of it loved it as as
everyone else in the world apparently
but I saw a couple episodes of better
call Saul she was amazing when did Bob
Odenkirk become the best actor when he
started let's call salt
well you know because he's on seas oh
you didn't see season one a Fargo either
no oh my like he's on Fargo he's I'm
better call Saul and he is amazing now
watch very little TV which do you like X
come to more than EU /cw uh probably
I'll say this I'll say this I once just
uh
actually a couple days ago I went back
to you he W just just to see and it felt
simplistic and to me with it enemy with
it yeah it felt simplistic really yeah
there are some things I like about euw
more I my ALW specifically I miss my
mech soldiers okay if you haven't played
the original enemy within no you know
the expansion put your fingers in your
ears for the next 30 seconds i I kind of
not I missed the base invasion mister
that was that was probably my favorite
XCOM thing ever but no no I'm general
really love it too
dick
and I do think just just from an
artistic perspective said this earlier
I'll say two Ganga's people are always
wondering in certain extreme early me I
like the originals alien designs better
across the board I think the design just
visually not gameplay was definitely not
gameplay wise but visually everything on
the enemy side looks worse I don't I
don't like the look of the new sector I
don't like to look at the new mutant I
don't like that we do flying unit which
may or may not be a floater I don't like
them as much as the they old floaters I
don't like the fact that most of the
enemies in this are just generic
humanoid soldiers yes yeah I definitely
I miss a map filled with aliens to kill
as the codes to a map filled with
generic human looking guys who are
technically like some kind of hybrids
and I'm like you aliens scattered about
in the first one the very first aliens
that you that you confront are the tiny
little big-headed sex toys and those are
those guys great those are great enemies
okay but gameplay was I think this one's
more interesting okay
the enemies aren't afraid they have
moves that will just fuck your shit
oh I had I had one the next time - I had
one snake you know they did that poison
attack I had the classic classic XCOM
mistake i am i revealed aliens on my
last move and everyone was pretty
clustered together right
I had one fucking snake man he killed
like three troops with poison because he
poisoned everybody because they weren't
close together and they were I had some
squaddies and rookies on the team and
they did not survive between the poison
and the panic and panic and running back
into the poison sure they died it was
horrible
I'm sorry sorry okay then thinman are
not it though I think the spokesperson
guy might be not an enemy type
technically the snake bed are they yes
they implied that in the first game so
that's not a spoiler the original the
original 19 1993 XCOM
head snake man you they didn't use snake
men but they kind of implied that the
thin man who used to be
you know they'd flat out they explicitly
say yeah they've shed the human exterior
now that just snakes

[Part III]
just snakes Sharpie which is it hard
doing the mr. blinken eating scenes how
many takes did you guys do of the heart
attack burger scene for one the only
eating scene it's not like an epidemic
of plague Italy see you got like the
pork burger during the slipping on shit
thing was i eating my I guess I shoved
it my family there's the only other
doing here's some here's some insider
tick trips and take trips and tricks and
tips yeah what you didn't see was the
spit bucket I had by my feet mmm I
didn't eat eight burgers slathered in
butter okay and the ones I shoved in my
mouth weren't slathered with butter
butter there's filmmaking everything's a
lie it's dream it's a convoluted lie
wrapped in the truth facade of truth
make you believe things that didn't
happen
at the gremlin can trigger an instant
scan of the area increasing the
specialist sight radius substantially
for one term and revealing any hidden or
disguised enemies okay great
all right specialist let's see what we
got
let's scan Oh No let's everyone else the
pork burger one was probably a harder
thing to film because just because you
got shit on your brain when you're
filming that huh it makes you gag you
know it's just regularly it was just a
pulled pork drink no Clark sandwich but
everyone's slipping and piss and shit in
the sand it's like that's in your brain
yeah it's like I always have trouble
with fake vomit for the same reason just
put some soup in the mouth or something
sure but no no I just hear something in
your brain tells you you're putting
vomit in your mouth yeah
the aliens did it they will do the
aliens
this is my one safe turn everybody seems
to be cool great everybody's cool
everyone's an overwatch interesting okay
here we go
I tend to actually - more with conceit
with concealment yeah yeah I just don't
I don't you know I never want to cross
that line well now I know where the
aliens is so now though to be fair I've
noticed recently that it's not always
showing me an indicator when you're
gonna be busted like sometimes you'll
see like the red indicator yeah
come up not even not even like on the
ground but like at the final spot where
you move like if there's somewhere along
the lines where you would have been seen
you'll see like the right indicator
coming out of your marker I've gotten
busted sometimes when I haven't seen
that so that's probably your getting
fuck with the turn limits though the
time limits I'm good and close they're
trying to basically they're trying to
force you to - yeah I see it you know as
soon as I can get a couple enemies down
like these enemies I think I can get
down as soon as I can get a couple
enemies down then we can start then we
can start -
somebody's saying uh Phil Phil mega
freak saying somebody made you guys in
XCOM and posted it to the rlm subreddit
hey I was actually thinking about this
earlier you know how they have the
widest windows restarting you know did
it forced an update and then decide it
was going to restart without telling me
because Windows 10 is garbage that's a
fair that's a fair
well great all this shit I'm using well
fuck that no restart I can't see the
chat anymore I'm sorry stop stop that I
don't don't don't get ready to turn off
my computer why are you doing that
fuck you Windows 10 I was thinking you
know ex-con has like a personality types
yeah what would we be what would yours
be what would mine be oh you know what I
haven't delved too deep into personality
that Mike would be hard luck Jay would
be happy-go-lucky or maybe just
laid-back sure laid-back see that I'm
happy yeah what would I be though I
don't know what they are would she
yes I hate to think that but it's
probably twitchy and that makes me sick
working on updates twenty percent
complete oh thank you for doing this
when I was using the computer fuck jesus
fucking christ you would you would think
you would think that they would have a
sensible operating system doesn't have
like a screen that pops up and says
would you like to restart now or later
right
with these updates we have installed
without asking your permission fuck off
30% yeah I know you were using me but
we're gonna lay here for did we get a
donation I don't know I can't read it
oh I've gotten angry and you should have
you should have bought flashbangs Jack
oh you know what I should have you were
telling me how great flashbangs work you
were telling me you were telling me how
great they were weird I need these
robots cuz I got my combat specialist 35
percent complete
and the user rivets
I'll be back is this thing we started no
there's no knows nothing to click on how
do you get to us where you click on that
I hate this I hate this you should well
Chad it was nice talking you while I
could Windows 10
it's not like all those programs in this
sometimes you gotta do the update we
have
I fucking hate everything everything
everyone that's fair rich I think that's
fair
great
oh now you got four guys to shoot at
because you split up the codec oh my god
you need fresh folks
I can't imagine tackling one of those
things on a flashbang ever since I
learned that yep oh that's oh thanks
fine
got your ranger hanging out in the back
huh I wasn't expecting anyone yeah
that's wasn't this is a perfect spot for
the close combat specialist I got saved
some that's some that's some crackerjack
strategy you're working on if we just
you know settle down I'm at a bad mood
ever since my windows convinced without
my permission
yeah feel ya
I got one of them what you call solid
plans over watch over there
two visors
there's three more enemies which no
thank you know I know I have the thing
that gives me the advance okay if you
research something enough times it gives
you like advanced warning of how many
enemies are in the air even counting
that's good
well yeah yeah and you don't think to
count I probably should well you know
you only get so many grenades more
important to kill one of these dickheads
died dickhead
there you go now that other dickhead
doesn't have any cover to hide behind
you can zap something oh yeah but I
don't think I can do enough damage I
think I know how much health does that
thing have lived for go to the other guy
Oh does he not see the guy in the far
left
oh no I want to save him oh is that the
story my Ranger can scold Jacko okay
there I got it got it I'm saving him
mine can you can you reach it now Wow
no I can't reach it now okay oh here we
go
well he had to go through five
plate-glass box
oh thank god it didn't arbitrarily
decide to change our password we're not
losing
good thing I can act
let's go steal let's see what things we
can act you have a shortcut too chatty
in her somewhere
yes
no no no my god okay it's all about Oh
updates oh thank god there's final
update this 55% of failed hack will
result in all enemies gaining a defense
and mobility movie II I'm back baby I'm
back and me well I'm gonna try it
what do you hack what uh-oh don't that
that failed state yeah that's absolutely
the worst fucking thing yeah the worst
fucking thing hmm
I I did it once it ruined the whole
fucking mission for me
oh god I wouldn't touch that one with
him I wouldn't touch that one with a 99%
success rate yeah yeah I usually just
like to give those things track it's
like why the fuck not
alright come on back just turn
auto-updates office not - Jack's laptop
and and by the way that's how it came it
came auto-update e you're probably I'm
assuming you can tell him to turn it off
somewhere I knew it he would hope so
you would really hope so
one one would really hope so
I'm gonna not ask you first before we
starting the computer when you're using
it what are you like in the middle of
like a saw like a render a video render
I was taking like 15 hours then you know
our 14 witnesses I congratulations we've
updated the updates we're gonna restart
now
yeah oh fuck it all fuck everything
absolutely fucking hate that that's why
you need the flashbacks it also prevents
them from doing that that would you yeah
your controller what are you doing oh
it's dead so okay that's fine it's not
one of my people so I don't care I can
kill you
the animation give no fucks about no
reanimation
critical geeks enrich any advice on how
to not go too far when participating in
a pun Street well I'm not entirely sure
with what a pun streak is but I think as
a general rule with comedy as long as
you're getting laughs it's never
possible to go too far I think I think
with a good comedian there's no subject
that's taboo as long as you're doing it
right long as you're handling it right
nice snipe the guy - great great great
skull jack skull jack let's fucking do
it
go check that motherfucker it helps if
you face them there you go
we were sure oh wait
okay those are the you got a 100% chance
and there's no there's no fill bad fill
option oh okay
you just have a minor chance to get
something good if you're using a
specialist with a higher heck rating
yeah you have a better chance okay those
are just those are just bonuses right
right you get to pick which one you want
to try to get oh well is going to be
neither because your chances are 17 at
7%
right now you know then let's go for
fucking 7 that's it use it when I say
those situations let's see what we can
do nope no oh not even not even for the
closer break access Avatar project great
Hey
yes
sorry jack I couldn't say anything I
could not say anything what the fucking
shit sorry got other bitches to deal
with neural eyes the avatar mother it's
not afraid to kick you in the balls
either yeah like there's no hint that
that was gonna happen not even a little
bit no you just think oh well skull jack
this will be nice guaranteed ah
I want to protect you specialist you're
my special
my specialist specialist
okay you're way over there I can put you
in cover over here
more importantly you won't explode when
that thing explodes and reload you know
my my Rangers he's sitting out there
dick flapping in the breeze what was
that what was that was that a miss I
think that was didn't right yeah look at
it oh and have I ever tried playing
Warhammer it's it sounds great it sounds
like like tabletop Expo you know but I
certainly don't know anybody who would
be into it so it's never come up
there was the Wendy's ad guy
fucker
we got a problem what's problem
dr. Jack so new new bitch mind controls
my Ranger oh you don't want the end
we're gonna head and now they're both
invisible yeah
yeah yeah do you have any abilities in
might now no probably not
I'm thinking nothing medicine will cure
a mind-controlled person I do have I
have one I have my Healey specialist you
might have to kill your Ranger
well or kill the other person my you get
if you can do that before the Ranger
kills you and you go to overwatch you
know you're just gonna shoot the Ranger
grandmum stabilized stop something from
bleeding out consumes one charge yes
you don't have anything that could stun
the Ranger
she got a flash banks okay I didn't
flash bangs I just didn't
okay well we have another alien to worry
about as well and only four turns left
to destroy this and that's not gonna
happen right you definitely don't want
to go over there and activate more pots
no no I only want to deal with this
right yeah but I can't get too close cuz
there's Ranger over there so I I got a
deal with this / I have two grains left
we're just gonna you know wanna save it
for the other time right over there
that's just uh that's just a sec Tori
right this yeah flash banks you only
have this flash back side we completely
take them out but it's supposed to use
this powers the flash power think in a
flash thinking about flash bangs
he'll yes warhammer does sound expensive
that you gotta buy all these figurines
because of you knew the rules I mean you
could play your own Warhammer just we
just bite toy soldiers right you might
not be as neat as having the figures but
is there and I guess there's nothing
that would really stop you from doing
that you are correct
our safes gonna
my people haven't died yet okay my
people have not died yet I'd like to get
rid of this sectoid and then I can start
moving on this alien
if I can fire if I can get them down to
at least to health I have my combat
protocol which is guaranteed to hits
okay so let's see this person is far
enough away from my range and where it
shouldn't this person
that's the problem cuz your Ledger's
gonna you know you're Rangers just got
arrived and sorted right but I have a
plan
okay I like I have a plan for that so if
I can get rid of the second which I can
but that's fine I still have a plan so
we're gonna combat protocol this guy I
can do two damage she's in a lot but you
know it's what I can do
it's what I can do then my other
specialist has the aid protocol which
gives extra shielding which I'm going to
give to my Grenadier which will
definitely let the grenadiers survive an
attack from the border
how would you pronounce this is it Eric
H bar is that Eric borough I'm gonna say
erage burp and I might be wrong I'm
sorry from getting your name wrong e RI
CH BR Eric burp now do you guys have day
jobs of the nurlan not me I'm doing RL
I'm full-time like you're - I don't know
something like that couple years jack
those other things but it's all it's all
other video type work that's right so
it's not our om stuff but he's doing
video stuff yeah all my other work cuz
I'm a freelance video editor and
producers and that's all my other work
we've got some viral stuff oh yeah well
it's usually yeah it's usually and I
just hurt and you know like they need to
go on a good mission before they can
like lose them as well and so you want
to take them on mission for you
that's a good grenade year right there
grant a dear I know your mind control I
know your mind control but now we can
fuck some shit up
mission is still active and we're
running out of time get to that real and
take it I'm not worried about the relay
right now
do you understand that nope
the game doesn't okay so first things
that's my solder I'm not shooting at my
soldier
okay
you mr. snipe hair
she'll never see it coming
don't want them thing - I know that's I
was thinking make sure I can I mean no
matter what I won't be able to shoot
this turn right it's like I wanna I
wanna what counts like here maybe you
know but then they're gonna move that's
what I want to get up on
thank you no come on I can't get up
there you know they think you should be
able to help on that possibly with a
grappling heart oh sure
let's talk about what I do
look you know what's you know what's
funny thing about me what am i what am i
major like job skills assets
I can make aids funny you know that's
that's that's that's one of my assets
hmm I put that I kind of put that down
like a job application I think he skills
I can make aids funny yeah
where is this oh he's over there I still
gotta take care of this guy
Oh who's wanting this user two seven
seven two two one says Jack I'm
expecting my first child this summer
granny's tips for a father to be and
rich if the child ends up having some
mild mental issues any tips on helping
them cope as they reached over what was
that question too rich because my autism
Vanquish you know the the controversial
thing I said about autism was I implied
that a man might actually have autism
it's some form of it yeah that that's
very consciousness all right we could we
talk about how banning words does
nothing it does literally nothing right
there's no ban out of words can you say
the N word I'm saying the N word because
I can't say it right I can't even say it
in like a context that isn't harmful
right that's not a ban though that's a
that's a self effectively a bet there's
a self-imposed ban is it self-imposed or
is it I can't say that because people
will go nuts you know no could be both
it could be both you are free to say
that word on that
much as you want saying that the other
thought now that I would want to annoy
but even the thought of saying that word
is terrifying right we agree Emma but
it's not just it's not it's not like
it's terrifying because you know it's
wrong to say what the point the point
I'm ultimately trying to make is right
hold on uh-huh they get a free movement
a teleport every time you damage it oh
fuck that
I had a plan rich alright anyway the
n-words of lis been banned from culture
right well from white culture sure has
that stopped racism
keeping people from saying words has
done nothing to stop the actual problem
well you know what it hasn't stopped
racism but it's brought up a
conversation about race it's like
sticking a bandage on a gunshot wound no
I disagree it's one if you ever hear a
white person say the n-word it's a great
indicator of racism sure people can't
say it right or wrong
has done nothing to solve the actual
problem no no but you're looking at an
attempt to manipulate language that has
effectively done nothing no no you're
looking at it backwards though huh
ending racism isn't a byproduct of
banning the n-word banning the n-word is
a byproduct of lesser racism no if if
there were lesser racism then the word
would just be archaic it would be
nothing would be Oh strange oh the
n-word no these what am i there the
reason the reason that white people
should not say the n-word is the I mean
like literally the n-word is just a
variation on Negros we're just Spanish
for black that's all that's where that's
where the n-word comes from yeah that's
all it means it's black right yep the
reason we don't say it is to show
respect I want to say it because usually
when that word is used it's in a
horrible horrible kind of box because
that with that word was used in a
horrible racist manner doing slate I'm
what I'm saying is taking away that word
does nothing to get rid of the context
behind it no but that's not why it's
you've just you've just taken a word out
of vocabulary yeah but I think I think
you have to separate things and you're
shoving them together you know it's it's
it's wrong because we have become less
racist
or it's gone it's we can't say it we
don't we can't say because we don't want
to say it and we don't want to say it
because there's less racism so I think
you're looking at it backwards it's just
a thought I was having cuz the whole
political correctness thing in the best
of the worst mm-hmm no it's fine it
reminded me of episode of Star Trek TOS
and as a time travel episode and I think
like the guy who was from modern-day
earth said something on the road I
forget why but like I think the word
Negril came up yeah and you notice some
heard he said I might offend you and
probably one of my favorite Star Trek
moment or her looks and I'm like
confused for a second which is like oh
racism has been dead for a hundred years
that that used to work it means nothing
right and we're not there yet we're not
there yet but I think and I but here's
the thing I think one the word is my
point is only the word itself is any
inherent power and only has power
because people have these horrible
beliefs right without racism the word
it's meaningless it's just letters
strung together right yeah but I think
your your your original statement of
like banning the word does nothing is is
irrelevant because we haven't banned the
word to end racism we racism there is
less racism now and so we have chosen
not to use them laughter after all the
ship leg Fergus I used to think that
after all this shit with Ferguson I'm
not so sure
you know I'm it's less I'm not saying
it's gone I think it there is less
racism today
not gone
I got a trickery pickle
you're rich
you've got to take that thing out as
quick as you fucking can and there isn't
it's now it's over here
you can't see it well no one can shoot
it oh here's what you want to do
who has movement my two specialists you
want to get everybody as far away from
your fucking ranger as possible
right and at least get in the vicinity
of that thing
and dodge a shot and take out that thing
sure it's like but I don't want to go
into overwatch cuz I don't want to shoot
myself choice it's a shame this
encounter did not take place in like an
open area no you don't want to go in
over well how much shelf is you over
yours drive a tick tick shot but you
can't take a hit I think I think the
only person that over launch is gonna
shoot at is you with your ranger yeah
I'm worried about always hunker down
turkey burger - says you're mixing up
sing a - - - with calling someone - - -
notice I say it twice and called no one
- - - sure Oh what they can mind control
multiple havel is that mine controllers
I just have oh oh no that one's free
okay
the other ones free now oh come on
I've never seen that they can switch you
there mind control and Oh for fuck's
sake that was my sniper - I like my
sniper I was I was better armed when I
had this encounter if I would have known
well I might have to save scum this I
couldn't ruin it I couldn't ruin it it's
a neat thing I wouldn't have skull
jacked if I if I had thought about
telling you I thought about it mm-hmm
but I'm like that's not really what they
know I know you want you want me to
experience yeah it was the right that
was the correct call okay what do I do
here you're my healer right yeah you're
my grandma you know I haven't I haven't
tried it maybe you could just flee this
encounter
well no no this is kind of what you'd
lose that that person it was kind of
storyline - yeah mission so
my Ranger could get a good stand out do
you have to kill this alien can't you
just blow up that thing and run this
this this alien right here it's actually
kind of a storyline encounter I'm not
sure if you can run from this well see
here's neutralized the avatar is now it
is an objective yeah so you do have he
does have to kill this creature as far
as as far as getting the data transfer
I wouldn't me personally and not worth
the risk of activating more aliens and
making the situation even uglier oh yeah
I'm not worried is that a sniper loop I
got mind control yeah get close yeah
that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go
over here get full cover and then I'm
gonna combat protocol the thing to make
it move oh that's you know what nice
call yeah nice call jack and then I'm
gonna see where it ends up
that's a guaranteed to hit now take too
often just see where it jumps wait it
ever gain full help - I didn't get that
fuck during this battle I'm so fucked
oh you're not gonna jump this down there
we go
now we're talking do I got over here oh
yeah I got some people over here now
just start fucking flanking and shooting
just I just want to see who can do the
most damage because they're gonna jump
again right oh yeah you know what yeah
yeah so I think good good Jack you were
thinking tactically I'm thinking tax I
like that so I think my slash can do the
most one-off damage 91% five to seven
damage I think that's the most that's a
91% so let's go for that
for Gray's get right out of town nobody
you know you're getting so fucked you
know they're so fucked I wish you didn't
do this in an extraction mission I can't
even I can't even fucking imagine that
I'm so fuck no you are fuck I know you
are there's just nothing I can do I'm
just gonna get out all right into my
sniper here don't shoot me
hunker down hungry bound to get behind
good cover
don't let that sniper take down can you
move over behind that that big thing
that looks like an air conditioner
yeah and then they got on the blue side
can you get a shot I'm not a lien that's
over there that might be close enough to
get a shot I'm so fucked anyway oh I've
been I've been surprised at the
situation's I've gotten out of like I
told the story about the Ranger guys
hunker down and by the way shed I
survived a retaliation mission with a
ranger who killed 10 aliens
single-handedly after everyone else was
able to evac but him evac er died mostly
died it was an awful mission until the
end
when beastmode happened and look they're
healing they're healing every turn god I
don't even know I didn't even know he
healed how I don't know healed we didn't
fuck you're getting so fucked you might
want to you might want to save scum
before your your auto-saves are too far
back
no I mean I got my I got my saves come
at the beginning of the mission I say
it's good oh you did a manual soon yeah
okay fuck your grenade how about that
that won't do no good that will heal it
well grenade is a guaranteed shot and
this is my first move okay so I'm
fucking taking it I'm gonna I mean I'm
save scumming oh god this game looks
unplayable jack is a rookie who has
gotten himself into a bad position a
very bad position this is supposed to be
difficult because this is a like a
storyline in kind of is one of the main
things you need to do to progress yeah
and I did not know this was coming
mm-hmm and rich didn't tell me which it
was the right call not to tell me but I
was not ready for this and I didn't need
to do this insane
was I able to rescue any of the squad
that got captured not on that particular
game but on a later game I lost is
actually I lost all of my snipers in one
mission I lost two snipers and I got one
of them back in a rescue mission which
was kind of neat and then I got squad
wipe the first time I came across the
sector pod like two missions later all
right all right we're making it we're
making some some ground up this time go
over there don't go over there that
doesn't help me
fuck
I have at least you have the good armor
I have a crazy chance here right it will
leave me a note of cover you do it you
do it you do what you have to do leaves
me incredibly out of cover making some
good games yes yes I got one person left
nope not the right place but that's fine
a ranger huh where's your I already got
him with the Ranger okay Rangers over
here no you can you can you can give me
a close enough to do that no I already
got him to the Ranger oh no no to shoot
yeah yeah yeah if I go here actually can
you fish around yeah okay you shoot him
no no I can shoot my guy now oh oh
that's never mind well I think I have
line of sight if I go here probably if I
go oh
highlight the you see that that
crosshair and the enemy yeah if you can
see that where the cursor is you know
you'll see them from where your cursor
is at that point but you can't really
see use the zoom out like move around
see when that that goes away that
crosshair yeah I read that I was like oh
that's a great idea that's really hard
oh so really I could hit him from here
but if I go here I can probably a decent
shot yeah okay if you hold down Z by the
way that's how you zoom out
fifty-two I guess I'll take 52 okay okay
how much are you gonna heal how much you
gonna heal oh fuck it's okay
it's okay you got this oh fuck Who am I
gonna lose Who am I gonna lose they
gonna lose missile yeah but it's a good
pistol oh no nobody's dead nobody's dead
okay with this I can deal with this did
you still can use the blade at least
yeah okay I don't know they're panic
they're done
oh they're panicking you know they're
done because we didn't get the thing you
use long you kill this guy okay great
come on just come on Bradford we have
shit to do I don't care about your damn
message don't you understand what's at
stake
son of a bitch Bradford okay who do I
got who do I go if you if you do this
though is this gonna be the most
satisfying victory whatever if I can get
no-one to die on this
this will be your most satisfying
mission failure of all time do you have
anything that can strip that cover
well now about making a teleport like I
have suppression yep that pins down the
target granting reaction and fire if it
moves and imposing a 50% penalty on
target same with that pin down this
target oh wait you're Ranger that's
burning yeah go to that Ranger that
Rangers up no I can't
how much health how much help they have
for I could do it that will stop the
burning which is something you might
want to do or unless you can kill less
you need it do that last yeah cuz
killing this thing might be more
important I'm just saying burnings gonna
take off like 2 or 3 health every turn I
don't think it's burning anymore it
probably is
okay 33%
I have a better shot with my sniper
right okay Oh God
you can do this you could do this see
deep breath
oh no oh you might want to thank you
I actually no no you're like damn damn
good job that was worth the high five
damn good job
ha we did it we did it
that's right fuck you anime man your
hair means nothing to me
thanks jyggalag the achievement did
spoil it but yeah I figured that was the
win ah that was great that way I mean
I'm we missed the main objective which
also oh sure but like the main objective
also would have given us supplies that
would have been nice but no like that
was a suitable challenge and I'm really
glad that I won on stream that's one of
those no.3 like someone saw me do that
that was essentially a boss fight yeah
yeah I can heal you there cuz I still
have I think I still have people to kill
can you just extract now Oh
I mean you failed the mission anyway
alright
oh you're panicked too
I mean listen there there are more
important people to eat well now I guess
that what is kind of the same and I'd
rather have my ranger are they burning
it does not look like they're burning
but
won't hurt to give me yes this this does
take away points on the Avatar project
Oh does it yes oh good my avatar project
is fuck that's not that bad I wish it
were actually wish you were more
difficult well what I'm saying is my
dots are almost all the way like I know
but it's fairly easy to manage I know
the point is they what I actually like
the Avatar project I've heard some
people bitch about it they're wrong
the first game you could just sit back
and and wait on story things until you
were tected all heaven and invulnerable
yeah here there's always something
that's kind of kicking you in the ass
you keep going keep going
I like that yeah but it's almost too
easy to manage I say that but I've seen
people online bitch about it
bitterly so really yeah stupid stupid
avatar project always countdown so okay
everybody reload everybody get your shit
together we got more people to kill we
got more people to kill fucking do it
note the cap on the side of Jess Jax
mask that fires George like too rich
possibly no I hope cuz it's not like
germs aren't just airborne it's in
liquid mm-hmm and so like when I cough
or when I talk it's like the little bits
of liquid water that's what spits out
and the mask catches all of those so
that don't get into the air
okay who needs money you need to read
click click the mouse over the read the
over the little red down arrow to see if
feather burden which something I never
did I guess there's something go to the
go back a sudra go back to the panic
soldier little there's no arrow which I
guess means she's okay
the soldier is shaken I did heal them so
that you could have been varying but oh
then if you healed them that it
definitely yeah I didn't I notice those
little indicators I never I never knew
that you could highlight them to see
what the status ailment was yeah I have
a couple people who are shaken okay now
we need to find what other enemies are
still in here
looks like the Avatar project right yeah
just I find the basis and I just sit on
them until it gets desperate now okay
I'll take a base now oh yeah and even
even when they get fully loaded which
mine has then it's like oh now you have
18 hours oh so it's it's supposed to add
pressure yeah essentially it's 18 game
days oh yeah it's right 18 days see it's
supposed to add pressure but it's not
really that bad yeah I agree
it's not that bad I was really worried
when I reached my final mark and then it
was like oh you have 18 days as I oh and
actually I did some other stuff in that
18 days like a I went to home base and
healed my troops a bit got some more
supplies just the mask yeah that your
dick butters gotten all stressed out
it's like he's like a segmented dick
button
now you can look at it later I'm sure I
was showing a chat segmented dick but
sweepy sweepy is saying the Avatar
project is honestly less threatening
than enemy unknown slash enemy with ends
doom tracker
it's very abusable and you could just
stand on the edge of the cliff and never
lose yeah but here's the thing with
enemy Unknown enemy with ends doom
tracker you do an early game satellite
Rush and you never have to worry about
it because the it isn't literally
impossible or nearly impossible for the
aliens to win this is is better arguably
not severe enough if you know how to
handle it to not be truly threatening
but considering I've seen complaints
it's probably about as threatening as
the devs could honestly make it well not
too much backlash so I get it I just
want to reveal the last enemy's why
you're so I can fight them I have to
fight look at that one
you're gonna people will die yeah well I
have to fight them to leave try to put
down a learning zone
oh I guess I could well listen I can i I
have enough firepower done and your call
your call if you want the experience cuz
I think that's all you're getting at
this point just the experience from
killing monsters that's your call oh
three health and before health maybe
this is the only thing I need to kill
even though I won't get points for it uh
you could try maybe that's all the game
is waiting for
yep yep still enemies yeah
do-do-do-do-do leaving now mr. Bibb says
remember that last I checked some of the
top minds removed but top mods remove
both the time limits and the Avatar
project from progressing threat 8 what
players want that's true nobody can
bitch about the game babies because the
game gets easy when you when you when
you have like the full tech and no time
limit you can take your time regress to
the levels that that's what makes it
easy right so if you think the game is
too easy and you're using mods that's
not the thing to do you know people
spent a lot of time figuring out what
the best game for the player would be
and sometimes the best game is a game
that kicks your ass at firsts
I was unsure about the time limits
myself then I got good I got better well
like you said it's it's different than
ex-cons and I think a lot of people
coming in tax come to of course our fans
of X Tom and so that was probably a bit
of a kick to the gut yeah
really so rather than focus on strategy
the game wasn't deep enough that they
had to artificial and artificial
difficulty no they added in a mechanic
that that made you change your
strategies rather than doing the same
strategy that worked over and over again
maybe there was another way they could
have done it but this is also a way to
shake things up okay three enemies six
soldiers wounded raiding I oh god
everyone sucks but you're alive you know
what you might be disappointed in
yourselves but you're alive take that
sons of bitches and by the way they they
did they did add to the difficulty of
the strategic element because there's so
many ways that will fuck your shit up oh
really
I hadn't noticed yeah there are some
enemies that will fuck your shit up
straight-up
fuck your shit whenever this is good I
it's it's challenging it means when you
win you feel satisfied I mean fucking
stunned Lancers you and you encountered
an early end in great numbers and they
will fuck your shit up from the other
side of the goddamn map almost yep
two promotions looking over everybody oh
yeah everybody hurts so good
find myself not really using suppression
that often yeah but the other skills
shit too
actually the other skill is real shit
demolition doesn't guarantee the
destruction of cover and it doesn't
damage the alien you're almost always
better off chucking a grenade at it oh
sure but if you I mean you have to pick
one like oh if I if I don't have the
option to damage them but other people
could get a better shot you don't forget
at least with suppression you you can
kind of neutralize that alien fraternity
there in a desperate situation I've used
the stray cover and then nothing
happened to the cover and it just pissed
me off it's a waste of a pic they did a
good job they did a good job with
rebalancing the difficulty I mean the
rebalancing that the class perks mm-hmm
that is not one case of it yeah well I
guess technically it's balanced cuz they
both kind of suck but and I would always
take suppression myself
then building says I know rich does
stuff for money so does everybody that's
it's called jobs how can I contact you
to do something like a podcast for money
I don't know about that like people I
don't know what a podcast is weird be
weird I'm actually a fairly shy person
if I'm around people I don't know that
well I could actually be kind of quiet
and introverted do you mean like an
interview of rich I was participating in
a podcast kind of the same thing I just
assumed yeah if you're talking to him
via Skype yeah I said I assume but I
don't you know oddly oddly a fairly shy
person if I'm around people I don't know
yeah all right
I don't know who you are I don't know
what you do up okay where are you what
are you a cool way I have two engineers
available maybe it's maybe it's a
podcast for people who advocate
violently beating babies you know I
don't want to get involved with that
that's true for realsies now I need more
faceless intentions yes I know I have a
Supply Drop available unknown entity
could be the key do you remember that I
was there before you told me to go on
this stupid mission you don't do you
I'm gonna get the supplies we're gonna
build some rooms and then we're gonna
call it all right god damn it darker
what they completed it there okay I
thought that was like I yeah I got some
supplies hey hey rich did you see armor
skeptics review of space cop he makes
some good points I didn't know armored
skeptic did a review of space cop I'll
have to check it out
did he hate it Advent has legions of
these mechanized units out there helping
to gremlin Merc - oh we get a new
gremlin man that would be weird maybe
doesn't actually subscribed our versus
an average armored skeptic oh yeah yeah
well maybe the armored skeptics knows
you are and was waiting for you to
comment you're subscribed and you didn't
see it
check your subscriptions sorry man what
YouTube YouTube like display shit now I
could be subscribed to something and
never notice when a new video comes out
okay this is this is good cuz I like my
specialist so I just got a new gremlin
rich what is your hat it's a hat it's
called a baseball cap and see if you can
identify the team it's like a
what's not here
look
into the desert autopsy can anyone
identify that Bevis baseball cap
relation to there anything we can do we
can do to somebody who knows this we
have too many games we can give we'll
give you a list of of things we have
available to gift and first person who
knows that you had a steam game number
coolies number coolies is right with the
Joliet jackhammers can we are we
okay just don't exercise you know you
can go yeah Gomberg Gilley's we got you
I'll take care of it after scream I'll
send you a message on twitch to get an
email and we will send you some games
that we have in our steam gift inventory
oh I got an incendiary grenade that's
fun I haven't gotten one of those yep
that's new oh okay now I have some
supplies bt-dubs so now I should be able
to build a room okay so let's see what
we got here build facilities boom we got
a laboratory we got a workshop we got a
power lay we got our advanced warfare
center soldiers may gain a bonus ability
outside of their current class whenever
they are promoted in addition an
engineer can be staffed at the AWC to
decrease the time our soldiers need to
recover from injuries very important or
we could get a Scilab the Scilab will
allow rookie soldiers to train as Sai
operatives substituting standard soldier
training for the intense mental ordeal
that will unlock their lateness
Yanik talents oh my god that sounds
awesome
how do you choose rich what are your
options here
well obviously I'm going for advanced
courses prepare senators iLabs
they're both fine choices this helps all
of my troops all of the time yes this
you're getting injured a lot
so in your case yeah I was - I was - at
first I'm getting better right so your K
is probably a medpor first I know it's
like it's not as fun it's silent you got
a play with SCI soldiers at some point I
just I've just started I put it off for
a while because there was other things I
thought I needed to build yeah and I was
getting by without sighs soldiers but
they're neat okay
engineer
oh wait I could have that end extra
engineer clear out some
this hat isn't horrible shivers yeah
yeah it looks like it's seen better days
I can't get another one the team is no
going yeah I work on evacuating
that's what you work on those currents I
was gonna wear some of my minor in the /
independent league caps sure jump the
Geo escape actually I think that's about
it that's all I wanted to do this save
game new save my saves are incredibly
boring that's whatever is efficient for
you okay I just know the highest number
is my current save all right my service
is there any way I guess you can't put
that on the big screen I definitely
can't read that from here I know you're
sick I don't even think I can bring it
close no I hear ya
oh then I won't be able to have this
even be in the mic if you if you love
rich Evans you love the fact that Jack
is wearing a face mask
it's it it's extremely it's extremely
considerate especially considering he's
on camera it makes it look a little bit
silly it's extremely considerate and
it's very much appreciated by me you
know in in countries with densely
populated areas like China and Japan
mm-hmm this is why people wear medical
mask yeah it's not to protect themselves
from disease is to keep their illnesses
from spreading hmm so like you know you
see those photos of them like walk down
the streets in these masks it's to
protect others is to protect those runs
okay - I may be gonna be a can you even
think you'll be able to see these okay
you're sick you shouldn't be screaming
names Mario Mario for
to 20 months in a row to zero
yes Wow specs for 13 months in a row
press B dick punch joins the one-year
Club toad decimals bear strong hello
subscribe auto scroll think yeah yeah
baby Slayer 1 5 6 17 months in a row
mr. shy smile 16 months in a row
hambert a Cabbage Patch 13 months in a
row tambour eh k 13 months in a row 6 6
21 months in a row oh I didn't say that
last month because I thought first time
I've seen 20s is today yeah casual horse
wildlife preserve lost in technicolor 19
months in a row MC Lucas 20 months in a
row darth Ozai krieger 7 8 3 17 months
in a row
spookily gruff nick military earlier
been vermin mister glitch fifteen months
in a row em pal sir econ center purple
space bazooka 13 months in a row bare
strong drunkie drunkie peep qin ox aaron
y axiom - Dax 13 months in a row pigeon
6 1 5 ah the good old la fuck my cock
top ramens joins the 1-year Club Hey
Godfather Godfather 42 13 months in a
row the Rising Sun 15 months in a row
what oh we we had an oh my god oh yeah
well the Bruno 3 says hey rich hey guys
rich did you like Marcus Semien when he
played for the Sox I asked as I played
college baseball with him and we're good
friends he didn't play much but now is
the shortstop for Oakland see ya I've
been Ivan
living off here I've kind of been out of
the loop of the day-to-day wide Sox
routine because they get shit national
coverage so I can't even I can't even
recall the name honestly vaguely it
sounds vaguely familiar they even said
like he didn't play much yeah yeah back
to subscribers proxy claims I'm sorry
that's proxy clams proxy clams sometimes
I forget our inside jokes Chakotay has
culture
Chakotay has culture what that's his
entire characterization van Belding lady
Denning mr. Beebe's
licorice and shreddies 17 months in a
row favorite customer home town mark up
18 months in a row noble kinsman you
hear they're Rassman right I feel very
bad for you right now thank you all so
much for subscribing we really hold on
I'll come on camera for this it's true
we really thank you so much for
subscribing we really do appreciate it
we do we do
I'm gonna go back off camera no I was I
was I was sitting there off-camera this
whole time so I could read this stuff on
the computer I'll go
camera now
