May 29, 2016
DOOM
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/78860332
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/78861099
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/78861835
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_Wz1-tKBuU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnwA_THZOC0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5729c2oSbVI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/737013612640894976

[Part I]
all right
now I'm pretty sure this is working
it's why my soul is streets hey
everybody
all out of sight
one of us of that brutal tone busy mom
old soldiers for these sad like
basically person is snobbish nice auto
full auto machine gun damn is a tiny bit
loud as what was that you know what you
can deal with it I'll just talk louder
that's what I'll do
people are at going but it might be
slightly loud can you just turn down in
the game options to do this okay it's a
week no no I'm gonna do this and
everything's gonna get fucked up they go
okay great
all right no everything's still fine
everything's still fine don't worry
everything's so fine I'm not I'm gonna
sing a song about dude I already sang a
song about doing someone's song if I day
it was great so how are you doing Jeff
I'm doing great how was life I mean I
just had a great salad I don't know if I
told you that bad but what kind of salad
was it dressing that you use so sue
shave our new I've been through this
rich I need to know all the things no
you know we got something we got some
stuff done today we're we're working
it's a it's a long a long weekend for
those with Norma jobs and I'm not one of
them but I know it's a long weekend so
you know fun fact I don't think I have
ever looked at like a doing walkthrough
ever
yeah so any of the secrets I just know
them because I found them playing it all
of him I didn't I didn't know about that
last one so I was just watching a video
somebody flying at the event
Oh beefcake that's an important question
rich I have an eye I have an important
question for you deep it's very very
important pillows yeah when you sleep
yeah
what's the proper way to use a pillow
put your head under it you both just
your head or do you put a little bit of
your shoulders on there too just ahead
I'm not so sure about that the UH
yesterday Lisa and I got new pillows
you're really sucking all the fun are
shooting demons Jenner they're
significantly fluffier I know I want to
talk about fluffy pillows while you're
shooting demons I think this works great
they're considerably fluffier than the
pillow I had before and I've you know
like I have my thumb you know how often
do you buy pillow not very often
I thought it was dead you know but I
liked it it worked for me but now this
fellow is huge so I just put my head
under it and it's like it's like this
it's like this right like that's how
fluffy the pillow is so I'm like this is
ridiculous and I look over and Lisa has
her shoulders under the pillow and so I
start googling late at night you've been
even living with this woman for a long
time just notice how often you notice I
was like that someone has their head or
their head and shoulders under pillow so
I started googling the proper way to use
a pillow which I know is a ridiculous
thing to Google and as it turns
according to Google I didn't find a
satisfactory answer to my query on the
proper pillow usage some people do put
like their shoulders underneath it and
use it more as a wedge and some people
just put their head under just having a
lot of things somewhere near my head
just a lot of things is this like is
this like you're your dumpster board
that you're using your mouse for hey
he's good anything soft can be a pillow
that's true like a blanket hmm then he
can you know she was proportionately how
much pillow you want yeah and I mean
here's the thing this is this was a
movie that I started writing a long time
ago speaking of pillows that I have
since stopped writing because it was a
really dumb idea but every once in a
while like I'll start writing movies
just as kind of an exercise I heard of
writing a movie about a guy who stopped
using his pillow
yeah and gained super intelligence
because as it turns out pillows have
always been a government conspiracy to
constrict blood flow to the brain to
keep people in line okay that was my
that was the premise and one day he
stopped using his pillow and he became
slightly smarter and he was having a
really good time
he decided to stop using film more than
one and like Oh a pillow delivery we
just happened to have this extra pillow
you might want this pillow sir and like
the government figured out that he
stopped using this pillow because he
would get you smart
that was my idea and obviously it's a
really dumb idea which is why I'm not
working on it currently premise it's
made you happy it did it made me happy
to write to write a few pages of that
script the end of the day that's why we
do things exactly that's what you know
it's it's fun to write stupid stuff and
then you know never ever make it hello
pillows are an inside job absolutely
think about it like you know
evolutionarily speaking what do we need
pillows for if we did cavemen have
pillows no and they evolved into us
right yeah because they decided to start
using pillows because they thought it
was a good idea Wow or or if evolution
actually created the pillow well think
about it or if we didn't have pillows
what would we be evolved into now we'd
be like super human and smart the
pillows are the downfall we probably
just have a key heads or something I
mean your blog been around things you
know I really wish I had some soft put
under my head at night when I slept your
bed is still very soft
yeah it's probably like a it's like a
Twilight Zone episode
so that script this pillow talk god no
god no
yes it's pillow talk we're having
cavemen died out because they didn't use
pillow or that's what the man wants you
to think
the man feeds you these lies and you
believe them
because at night blood flow is being
constricted to your brain so you can't
process the information correctly think
about that you think about your crazy
motherfucker think about that I'm talk
about those pillows that just chainsaw
and shotgun demons you just shoot demons
in the fuckin face because that's what's
best in life really look at it that
that's that was beautiful right so it's
a beautiful play
snakes don't use pills you're right
you're right for this one are you fucker
you're right or are you
doo-doo-doo-doo pink oh wait wait wait
about what one oh not you wait sorry I
was telling myself to wait I have to get
a little bit of work done
what pause me
you keep yeah I'm gonna keep playing the
game you keep buying the game pause Jack
for a moment everybody nobody listened
to me or think about me for like a
minute there to a minute or two it's
probably gonna take me down dummy
okay great
I have all the bullets that all of the
boards Jack nice it is a kind of hiss
that means I get to shoot all the things
oh good I'm really happy for you I'm
really quite happy with you
what's more fun chain guns or shotguns
what was best it's well swapping between
them right you got a quick slide the
little chain gun a little shotgun a
little chain gun cuz then you get the
best of both worlds
it's like a death hose a death hose yeah
the chain gun it's like a hose that just
spits out dip all right this is weird
it's my death pose I mean I don't I
maybe I don't see like the hose part of
it but you know that's fine that's fine
that's but it's fine okay I'm back here
I'm sorry yeah add death hose to your
lexicon like just man that's effed up
ooh I like that
death hose is the next meal brain film
death house it was the best hose do do
do do do do do do do do do also I see I
see in chatty here that neko Cola is is
in the stream Nico :
now would be a good time to check your
email what just hot just a heads up just
a heads up I that was the work of that I
just did right now I sent you an email I
did oh and also for the person last
stream a couple streams ago we were
talking about hip hop and my love of
hip-hop and my favorite hip hop artists
which is of course a stop Rob Aesop Rock
and someone reminded me to buy his new
album and I did and it's great thank you
to whoever reminded me to buy the
impossible kid awesome new album
is that you doing that or the game does
the game doing which wobble it's
probably the game I didn't do any wobble
stuff the fat boys you're right great in
hip-hop I'm gonna chainsaw this guy yeah
that's the game
Oh mokey it's your birthday happy
birthday I hope you having a good day
eat some cake cuz it's tomorrow you'll
hear the new heavy-metal remix it's your
birthday it's a birthday birthday
it's a birthday eat some cake mom plum
cuz the birthday song is under copyright
so you can anymore did it be removing it
was it believe things I believe they did
my have been you're right you know what
you might be right
I am I am 98% sure you must has recently
been overturned you might be very
correct
I always think alike we need an update
to the birthday song have you played
halo no I played the first one I'm not
gonna play a first-person shooter on a
fucking gamepad that's a rich Evans
thing I play the first one and I didn't
much care for it well it was kinda bland
and then haven't really thought about
the series too much since then I did
watch red vs. blue when I first came out
that was always funny said a halo thing
yeah
they were they were they would use like
the the multiplayer to make a little
like Machinima's hey funny very funny
the gift of song you write hey fellas
thank you so much for retweeting my post
so glad you've been enjoying the
highlights have fun doing it up suspense
I don't know what posts you had but I oh
maybe did you make the the rich Evans
talks about eighties remakes someone
made like a steel image of your quote
from 80s remakes talking about like
noone remakes don't remakes this shit
movies from the eighties that's what we
need to do that was great it's true it's
true
no it's incredibly true there's so many
there's so many I piece out there that
that would that our dire need of a
remake I don't care so what's the
difference
VR says what's what's the difference
between ordinary doom and this brutal
doom tougher enemies fewer drops
animations lots lots of animation stuff
there's some could you look at the
ceiling for a sec ah boom hey that's not
brutal doom oh that's not a lot of
source reports have done that well
before oh ok ok
they they they did some Rika jiggering
on the weapons uh-huh
it was like reloading know what Jake you
know it's like that bad mmm my brain is
going blank but they did a fantastic
amount of sprite work like the the Imps
they do that jumping attack in this
occasionally they never did that before
no there's a che fuck ton of different
death animations like sometimes there's
like if you shoot somebody there's a rag
doll ragdoll physics oh they
painstakingly animated a body that would
go backwards it stops when it hits a
wall oh that's great you can shoot the
bits of GIMP on the ground
and of course all the blood and corpses
I assume that's brutal doom
well there's their their corpse you
record like like see that end trail
that's brutal done that normal that
particular style of normal corpse lying
there right there that's classic doom
okay this decapitated head and arm
that's brutal doom you know what else is
brutal doom huh oh that's great
more entrails rich do you use the
ability to jump with the source port or
do you consider that cheating I'm gonna
consider that cheating unless I'm using
a user made I was gonna say why a user
made level that is kind of designed with
that in mind
close but not very not very classified
know how you will avoid it rich and I
are gonna take a look at uncharted 4 yes
we are indeed we have not yet looked at
it but we are planning on it looking at
it for a long time just looking looking
at
we'll look at it I don't know if we're
gonna play it but we're gonna look at
what do you get what I'm saying
yep you go I'm saying like maybe it
maybe a lot of people don't get to play
my wad is an old school map term I get
it says the real net boy it's cuz the
the file extension doom created for
their life their their data their data
when they start dead I was a wot a dot W
ad okay yeah we probably won't dream and
pannu go we probably won't stream
uncharted 4 but we will look at it and
make a video full of you not a full
review well we'll look at it for
probably like a set amount of time and
then stop looking at it and make a video
about it here's what I here's what I'm
guessing oh I know I'm sorry I'm uh I'm
bouncing my leg that's why my laptop
keeps bouncing back before someone is
like is it because I fidget a lot
usually you don't see it more than I do
huh
take it more than I do know you know
it's a leg thing it's mostly like thing
my leg bounces and usually I have it
under control I'm an affinity mood
apparently and so my leg is bouncing
sorry if that is distracting for anyone
somebody sent me a video on a fan simply
a fidget one so it's like ah you're a
hand fit yeah yeah this is kind of like
these little macaroni things that snap
together and they just move around at
hold I'm just doing things like in the
computer I'm doing experiment and just
fitting with that constant lecture
constantly that's great you know you're
a handful I'm a leg bouncer as you ever
said that to me if you're watching it
tonight if you're watching tonight I've
gotten a lot of use out of that oh
that's great that's great I used to I
used to people used to yell at me when I
would go see a movie with them because
my leg would constantly
bouncing my my sleazebag uncle's
girlfriend ruined a family trip to see
the fugitives in the theater okay
because she had a leg fidget and her
pocket was full of loose change so the
whole movie the whole of the fugitive us
that's horrible it was awful it ruined
the film how could she not hear that she
just didn't care she was a weird one she
was a weird one
she was a weird lawn he was a weird one
everything oh you're right my face
fucker
I agree there does need to be a sitcom
about rich and his adventures that would
be great oh they should over I I have
been playing overwatch I have been
playing overwatch and I enjoy it a lot I
want to play that tight and said well I
mean that's the game that's the game
right that's the game people playing I
big it's the hot new popular game from
Blizzard it's a team based online only
oh wow I hate to shoot right I hate that
first-person shooter I know yeah it's
it's coming from Team Fortress 2 I
really like overwatch well we all know I
love my multiplayer only games that's
that's the only thing I know about you
which I I know very little about you
except for the fact that you love online
only multiplayer only games that's
that's the one thing it's it's oh it's
very like tf2 except for like a
bazillion more classes and like
subclasses and just more characters just
more characters and each of the
characters is more of a niche like a
niche within a niche like there's a
couple snipers and one sniper only has a
Batman and not free right it's no no it
is not freedom it is it's a full price
game but I if you are a fan of Team
Fortress 2 you will be right at home
with overwatch I am NOT right exactly
and I very rudely hijacked the last
stream with my desk earth so I so it's
tonight I was all up to rich and he
wanted to play some fruit fucking doomed
no my favorite character is not Bastion
I've been enjoying I'm gonna get to this
fucking game without dying that's great
I've been really enjoying Roadhog as as
the the bullet sponge really good guns I
love his his chain grab his score he has
a scorpion like get over here so you can
grab any of these closely and then you
have like a close-range shotgun so you
can chain them
call us through shotgun him in the face
I love that he's been a lot of fun to
play I'm not like crazy for it I'm only
like maybe five six hours in but a lot
of good classes I'm really enjoying the
I don't know I don't know any of their
names
I really like the girl in the mech suit
and in her you know her first-person
animation you see her like move the
joysticks of the mech suit which is kind
of fun
and yeah isn't over watched the game
where there's a very diverse cast of
characters but everyone complained
because you could see one girl's butt in
an ad no they didn't complain that you
could see one girl's bud they complained
quite stupidly that her taunts like her
her celebration animation was her
presenting herself you know like kind of
sticking her butt out it wasn't in an ad
it was like in game and of course it was
during the beta so they were thinking
about changing it anyway and they did
change it it doesn't matter but gate you
have but gate 2015 people were upset
because she was sticking her butt out
and they're like you know it's one of
them it's one of those things I don't
care there's a lot of girls in it and
they all are wearing skin tight outfits
so you see a lot of bucks and so I
really liked the game was like this what
I'm saying because of the Bucks
so no but it's really good I really like
I really like all the different
abilities I like one of my favorite
aspects is because it's a team game you
know so it's really important to kind of
like synergize your team you know real
quickly
another thing brutal doom added yeah one
there's no us regular assault rifle and
regular doom
also dual wielding oh yeah yeah alright
you go boy overwatch yeah
so what's really important in any like
class-based shooters that you have a
diverse team right you need a sniper you
need a support class you need a heavy
you need an attack class you need a
defense class and when you're picking
your character a little prompt comes up
warning you if your team is unbalanced
like yeah you have too many snipers so
maybe someone wants to change that hey
you could use a defense class and then
kind of in really encourages a diverse
team
so yes I'm bear don't get it back
absolutely
Villa hecka 100 100 percent any because
I've been in any place I've been having
in any case I've been having a ton of
fun playing it
I've been I've also been playing more
dusters because I've really been
chipping dusters and obviously those two
don't match up quite perfectly
slow-paced controlling drones in a
horror environment and then overwatch
super fun colorful bright shooter but
I've been playing on the the Xbox one
we're on enjoying it oh the overwatch so
if you guys if anyone is playing it on
the Xbox one
you know I'm hard lack you can find me
you can play no I like I like it
I know most people are playing on PC I
like I was really debating PC versus
Xbox one and if I ever get if I can ever
get a decent PC then I'll help you get
it for pieces I watched a couple of the
overwatch animated short Tom tardy but
uh nada I didn't think they were that
good like me I really like they're kind
of like teaser they're preview which was
an animation I thought that was really
cool but like all the little ones I I
don't think they were that good
character wise tips tips tips and
they're missing tips tips tips tips the
under yonder I'm sorry I'm not seeing
the tips hold on let me get my stream
tip alert or I'll shut down and restart
cuz I'm not seeing it gave me a moment
oh my god I'm so sorry everybody so many
tips my my stream tip alert oh just
wasn't notifying me very sorry about
that
we'll get two tips now anonymous testing
the audio the tips lightsabers
lightsaber lightsaber lightsaber happy
Memorial Day
thank you happy Memorial Day everybody
hammer cap says would like to tip us to
say save up for the suda51 game
oh there's they're making a new game
apparently apparently baby Yaga Lala
says have you guys ever had a movie
experience ruined by a mind-boggling
ending the mind-boggling and movie I
liked otherwise but the ending sucked oh
okay sure I think I might have told this
story before I'm going to spoil
unbreakable ii M night Shyamalan movie
okay so heads up to everyone I'm about
to spoil the ending to unbreakable it's
been out long enough where I think we're
fine to talk about spoilers but for the
next couple minutes I'm going to spoil
the end of unbreakable so you know this
was breakable shit they're live dammit
it's miracle unbreakable then females
are strong as hell but in any case you
know it was the second M night Shyamalan
movies and before before I watched it my
friends were all like or like can you
guess the twist you'll never guess the
twist because that was this big thing
like the twist ending yeah and I start
watching it and two minutes in I call
the twist and I say oh my god let me go
samuel l.jackson is the bad guy the
whole time and i all my friends go no
that's not it that's totally not it
because they wanted me to enjoy the
twist and of course samuel l.jackson was
the bad guy the whole time and while I
think I'm breakable is a really great
movie if you go in expecting this
a crazy twist you're gonna be really
disappointed
and so all my friends were like no the
twister you'll never see it coming but
of course I called it two minutes in the
man's downfall that was the main cell
phone but no I like unbreakable I think
it's a very good movie but you can't go
in like expecting there to be this
mind-blowing ending or else it'll ruin
your experience I rewatched it later
and I think it's a very good movie so
that is my movie ruined by a dumb ending
rich do you have a movie ruined by a
demo not that I can think of start
naming movies with dumb endings there
was an outdoor screening
well oh I can't even remember what it's
called what was a Jane makes horror
movie was that cold they recovered their
cover they did an outdoor screening and
they're covered and at the end I threw
my beer can had the scream really hey so
much fun fact I've not seen the recovery
you have not seen the recovered oh they
had a big screening it was in a friend's
backyard big outdoor you know movie
projector got to the end and the
audience of us assholes were very
displeased by the ending I did not much
care for the ending of the recovered
ruined the entire movie that my friends
the riddle of steals is rich get skinny
you can do it we believe in you
and if you get skinny then you can get
swole and if you get swole then you can
play the doom Slayer in our LMS next
genre parody say these special deaths
here yeah oh that's something brutal
doom added oh I talk about although the
fucking sprite and animation work they
fucking did for this that was adorable
yeah no that's adorable what you ripped
that demons that off well when you're a
little sprite like you didn't you'd be
that's it you're looking down like
mother shotgun guys yeah
actually ripped his head off you have
the head in your hand when you go back
to the first person and you can throw
with a head and somebody haha so I
knocked someone else down with a
decapitated head that I tore off of
somebody's neck that's great see well
and that makes me happy because of the
pixels it's adorable you know like in
doom 2016 it's awesome but be the pixels
make it adorable ooh that's right there
is there's a go there you can see doom
guy's eyes on the screen that's that's
not brutal doom that's part of the visor
mod I've got Oh see this metroid prime
style yeah display that's a different
mod like you can see his eyes and he
looks around the nice thing about doom
is just so many fucking mods and a lot
of them a lot of them you can mix and
match I need to re-watch 12 movies it's
gonna well since I've seen 12 monkeys I
remember liking it do you remember 12
monkeys machine
okay yonder yonder says I'm down to four
cents in my checking account can you
hack frauds PayPal me 20 bucks so that I
can continue to tip you thanks I'm sorry
we cannot under yonder but we appreciate
it
one small ball says turn that pillow
idea into a porno and I'll buy a copy
for shipper so a guy stops using a
pillow and that causes the blood flow to
be released to his penis and he has
great sex that's that's the the porno
twists what I don't know
Niko Colossus guys thank you both for
being awesome
Jack have a beer on me rich grab a
birthday cake soda and rich as your
talent manager I now request 10% of all
your fancy sodas I get it Richard rich
agrees 10% of all the fancy sodas thanks
Nico Cola we'll be chatting with you
later ah at its mayor Rock says hi jack
I was wondering if any of the red letter
media crew is into any form of editing
other than video like graphic design or
music editing greetings from the
Netherlands PS lol Luke ningen low back
a while back I know Mike had done like
music videos for somebody yeah well
that's the video I didn't like I think
he's wondering if like we do to
Photoshop or like title creation or or
like actually like mix music or stuff
like that and we kind of do a little bit
of everything I know Mike Devils a lot
in Photoshop right usually if you see
anything photoshopped it'll be Mike and
you we kind of have to be just Jack's of
all trades
masters Matt well that's me I'll tread
that serve done but you know you kind of
have to dabble in a little bit of
everything but you know obviously yeah
oh the shotgun such a great rhythm boom
boom
but you know obviously like audio
editing is tough
Oh everything everything stuff and you
know we're mostly that was a great box
play oh look at that dripping the door
dripping that's another brutal doom
thing that's riffing that's great this
game is violent you're right nothing
nothing - but like I've done like I'd
like I know how to use illustrator and
so you know if like a friend or like my
brother will give me a lot of stuff
where he's like can you just like take
this idea and turn it into a logo with
that and you can make it vector art in
Illustrator like I can do that
stuff simply I know how to use
illustrator and Photoshop and all this
stuff but I rarely ever do usually I
have to watch like a 10-minute long
tutorial on just how to get started
first and then and then I can do the
thing what back I freed this guy Oh
which is another thing brutal do man
there's lots of little charges okay just
this guy you know says for Jack so he
can buy crash lands for his phone you
were just this guy you know I was
talking to me about crash lands it's a
mobile game that he is uh or they are
utterly addicted to and they think I
would like so thank you and for rich for
all his preacher talk have just started
it it's goddamn great can't Annette
can't watch till I can't watch live
tonight give a shout out to future
meaning Co you saw
I think he's talking about the comic no
he's talking about the times never
because I've never talked about the show
it's because I talked about it he's got
to be referring well he says I for all
his thank rich for all his preacher talk
and just started it it's goddamn great
can't wait to watch lot or can't watch
live tonight but I think he's just can't
watch the stream live tonight I think
just started reading preacher can't
watch the stream live tonight oh I get
it
that's well yeah I could be wrong I'm
wrong about a bunch of things I'm going
maybe about a dozen things I think I'm
wrong about I think we're gonna read it
both ways but I mean I guess you could
be right I did see the pilot episode of
preacher what do you think all right a
good tone really good tone very uh not
not as jokey but like has a very
Deadpool tone where they have fun with
it you know like there's no like
pop-culture references or like
straight-up jokes preacher has a dark
sense of humor yes and so does this
preacher very dark sense of humor
good good violence I like the cast so
we'll see did you mention that there's a
character in the comics named assface I
know if I mentioned that but if there is
yes and he showed up and he's great but
can you understand a word he's saying
they actually subtitle good that's the
way it should be you can kind of
understand what he's saying but they
subtitle
it seemed it seemed alright I don't know
where they're gonna go with it after the
first episode I'm not I'm not a hundred
percent sold yet but it's good ok let's
see here so then we have a gruff
McMillan Terry recently heard the single
greatest piece of ass Hickory in the
history of music doom it up it's
freaking amazing awesome epic legend
done next Thank You Jeffery military and
anonymous says did you guys that's uh
next time you're at a moment to take a
pause yeah I can you pause it
okay and just double-checking OBS that
the tips are turned on apparently people
are not seeing the little tips show up
I'm seeing them now does cancer design
yeah is it not functioning I hit the
eyeball and hit the eyeball again they
go maybe that'll work up I'm seeing them
now apparently they're not showing up
who I do need to buy eggs thank you
everyone remind me before the stream
ends to buy eggs
that was great that was great wrench
everything is great oh let's see where
was I rich Wow did you guys care did you
guys care little enough to not even care
about doing a half in the bag for x-men
apocalypse if so I don't blame you but
maybe yes I do let my kids watch and
play a violent violent things my
littlest one I think I've talked about
this my five-year-old fucking loves doom
he loved watching me play doom new one
the new doom it was the greatest I mean
he and he's my little metal head he's
gonna be the person that I watch all
over Israel but he just loved the demons
and shooting him and punching him in
their face he'd always point him out
like oh that guy's going punch him in
the face
rip his head off and I'm like yes rocker
in years I've also spent a lot of time
reminding them what is real and what is
fake and you know because I do video
editing I've even gone far enough to
like show them like how shifting of life
huh shifting the blame no well I think
I'm kidding I think I could deal with
violence and I was younger and I
understood well but I think that like I
think some people like some kids like
don't understand what's real and what's
fake right and so it's like wow you feed
the dumb ones the dumb ones right now I
want to make sure they're not the dumb
buttons and so you know like I've gone
through like how movies are made it's
all I think it's all pretend and you
know it's okay to play pretend but but
yeah he loved doing
are you guys going to play Space Quest -
I have a soft spot for classic Sierra
games skip three because it's just
slapped together soap box where the
creators complain about working for
Sierra games I remember liking three
though yeah maybe it's cuz it's the
first one I got through with like help
without help from my dad I don't know I
don't know sure but I remember liking
three Jack's kids will be desensitized
before he can even spell it first of all
that's a great joke sick burn great joke
yeah I want him to enjoy stuff like that
dude right why did you go in the barrel
room you idiot he's still alive he
shouldn't be
he shouldn't be now all my burrows are
blown up so when the shit hits the fan
in this stage I'm fucked yeah you run in
there and you activate all the pearls
because you're an idiot yes I mean we
like the Sierra games we will probably
play space quest too we try to spread
those out because those are very voice
heavy ones in and you're still alive
fuck you I love the 180 M you mix and
says I really hope we get another
cinematography fundamentals lessons from
professors rich injected a love to the
180 degree rule acted out that was a
tough one
that was it yeah another quick tip I was
discussing this with someone on Twitter
not only is there the 180 degree rule
there is the 30 degree rule which states
that any edit the camera needs to be at
least 30 degrees moved from where it was
before as not to confuse your audience
because you want it you know the camera
to move enough so people don't think
that it's the same shot which makes you
invisible
so you know as far as zooming or moving
your camera for every edit the camera
needs to be in enough of a different
location so people understand that it's
an edit and not a camera jitter the 30
degree rule not to be confused with the
180 degree rule all sorts of rules
there's all sorts of rules where Konya
nartz it's okay do this you can do that
you can do anything you want but you
know generally speaking generally
speaking let's see here jump man 5 6 5
says a few months ago my younger brother
was in the pediatric ICU under heavy
anesthesia when he woke up at 2:00 a.m.
he was repeatedly screaming oh my god
like rich we can laugh about it now but
not to him that's horrifying it's
horrifying
but I'm glad I assume if you can laugh
about it now he's been dead long enough
now it's hysterical
how the drinking sensitizes you but over
there
anonymous says hehe mo he nope
yes that thing you said there you go uh
and soul fix alert says Jack rich
do you like Watchmen what did you think
of the movie adaptation what I consider
to be Zack Snyder's finest hour I know
you don't like him but I think his
visuals fit for the comics the book is
great every time I've read The Watchmen
I've noticed some detail some very
deliberate detail that I didn't notice
before every goddamn time I read it yeah
it's great great book great book movie
never should've been a movie
I think we've discussed this in part
before and I'm gonna have to agree with
something that witch said about the
Watchmen which is it kind of misses the
the Watchmen movie we kind of misses the
point of the book which is that these
are old and lame superheroes now and the
movie kind of glorifies them and makes
awesome action sequences when they're
supposed to be kind of Schwab's yep his
visuals are very nice in the movie
though anything remotely iconic is
ripped directly from the comic book so
does that count like Zack Snyder was
able to take a picture from a comic book
and give it to his cinematographer and
say do this could you do this takes
takes real genius to recognize real
genius yeah I guess I guess you're right
and then all of his action sequences
were in hallways so I know I it's I I
read the book first before seeing the
movie yeah I like I think a lot of
people our age did like I read the book
well before movies oh that's what I mean
yeah I mean like you said of the other
way around
well oh I like yeah I like I knew the
book I had read the book before I saw
the movie well before I saw the movie
but you know just in general before I
saw the movie
so I don't know I don't know what I
would have thought about it had had I
seen the movie first is I guess what I'm
getting right right possible for me to
say there's no like I will ever have
seen the movie first exactly but I you
know I don't I don't think Zack Snyder
is great at translating I do I think
he's like I said the only thing he's
good at translating his visuals but
that's not necessarily him that's his
cinematographer and working directly off
of art created by someone else he is
really great at handing a picture to his
cameraman he I don't think he besides
300 which i think is good I think 300 is
really good and he got the source
material which was dumb action he didn't
understand the nuances of the story of
Watchmen and I don't I just don't think
it's good he keeps getting work because
he's really good at listening to studio
notes studios really like directors that
that listen to the things they have to
say that's why Brett Ratner keeps
working that's why a lot of directors
keep working you have to work within the
system and Zack Snyder is really good at
working within the system
so it's just one of those things I don't
I don't I don't think these these are
good I don't I don't like this style
the 300 was alright our 300 whatever
ecology M night Shyamalan still gets
work because he is a recognizable name
and there's enough people who sit will
still go see his movies where he can
still make movies yeah The Sixth Sense
really was good exactly and he has a
unique enough him and and he has that
shit and people people know yeah oh I
wonder what the twist is gonna be at the
end of this one oh I can't wait to see
that twist that twist which Mauri Mauri
you should see 300 it's it's a really
it's a it's a great looking dumb action
movie 300 is 5
Donna the dead had some good points the
the remain his remake of Dawn of the
Dead right
overall I really didn't care for it but
it had some good moments that at the
opening scene of the Donna Dead remake
is great
Joshua sassier says since Fistful of gun
was the wrong game out of the bundle I
gifted you do you think he'll check out
Ronan anytime soon the wrong game a
whole o go org oh god is this my DC
Universe Online new Fox we were gifted a
humble bundle and in that humble bundle
was Fistful of gums which we played and
you know I I did not like we did not
have a good time playing but the game
that the person who gifted it to us
intended us to play it was Ronan oh we
have Ronan it is on the list of games to
play yes
tonight is for shotguns tonight is for
tonight is we are brutal doing because
rich wants to shotgun demons and the
face preferably in fucking face rich the
newest episode of Star Trek continues
cam came out yesterday would you like to
watch it with us after the stream sure
so far rich is this a no different
yeah they go well try keep it that way
yeah do it streams not over if I fail
but not an official it's official no but
I mean like you know the official the
officia
when we do one of those streams yeah
this stream is over when I streams over
yeah yeah just kicked him in the face
bullied I Jack he was howling in pain in
pain and I kept kicking him in the face
until he died cuz that's how this game
rolls anonymous says Jack I tweeted you
a few days ago I missed one you missed
one what was a demon love the wife
doctorate Oh rich that demons gonna
spawn more demons you didn't kill all
the demons well not if they're two like
daddy demons they get married but
they're not gonna spawn any more demons
I suppose I suppose they need to adopt
and then they'd have to leave there to
you know yeah okay uh between II do a
few days ago a synopsis about a 30 year
old freight dispatch simulator that
partially used computer Sam wondering if
you had any thoughts I did I read that
someone someone asked me on Twitter like
if there was like a game that I wanted
maiden I talked about I tweeted back
about that dispatcher game that I talked
about on stream awhile ago we have to
like coordinate
delivery's throughout a city and you
know keep your drivers happy with enough
deliveries but also you know make sure
you get the package there on time and
maybe a great touch-enabled game where
you have to like tell a driver to pick
up here pick up here drop off here and
it was a neat video game idea of mine
they tweeted at me this old video game
or this old like computer simulation of
shipping ships I didn't quite understand
the paper you sent to me but it was an
interesting read thank you for sending
it yep we're anonymous I went to the
Indy 500 today I'm not so sorry
yeah we maybe had a great time they had
a great time
my personal opinion which you are
obviously obviously you disagree with it
is that NASCAR's just the host thing for
me to watch I don't get it I don't get
it drives in a circle I can get the
appeal of maybe being in a race that
probably cool but you still driving in a
circle so yeah like I like feet what's
that looks like the dirt ones where like
there's like turns and shit and you got
it like you know do sick jumps and
whatnot I love that stuff
acid Oh get pit stops yeah you're in
first oh yeah you're gonna make pit stop
now well then you're not first anymore
how does that work how do they handle
pit stops and what your position is well
you did whatever it is when you come
back they have to like pit stop is like
the do they let you go in back into the
position you were in no no when you go
back into the race you are in whatever
positions so it's like a ticket to last
place well no but everybody needs a pit
stop at at some point are they mandated
I know you probably just need them just
for wear and tear yeah they're not
mandated but you just need them and so
then it's like well I'm I'm far enough
in first where I can take a pit stop now
it's it's resource allocation I can take
a pit stop now and then I can work my
way back up to first while everyone else
uses that pit stop later you know or I
can take this time now and get so far
ahead and first that my pit crew can get
me back out before I leave first right
that's the idea anyway
they went to 50 Indy 500 today I'm not a
race fan when asked which do I want to
win I did not know which to pick until I
saw the car sponsored by dooms saw that
on the TV the doom car win I have no
idea probably the doom car win
drivers do say driving a circle is a lot
more technical than the f1 race is a lot
more cars why sure
sometimes the more technical thing isn't
the most exciting thing to watch curling
oh I'm sure curling takes an immense
amount of math but even curling is kind
of exciting awesome doom guy the car
that doom guy would drive would be like
any car in Mad Max that has like spikes
and cannons and shit on it and big
wheels for running over fucking demons
but unlike the cars in Mad Max it would
have some kind of like plasma machine
gun sure and it would be fuelled by
demon blood so you'd have to run over a
demon to keep running over more demons
every once in a while you'd run out of
fuel so then you'd have to get out of
the car chase down a demon drain his
blood into your glass town would be
awesome it would be awesome
it's a good many as in any sport it's
exciting if you love the sport or are
rooting for someone sure sure
you they're still driving in a circle
man there's there's just no way you can
like you know other sports I can
understand you know a flip by I got a
run you're gonna throw you and I hit a
guy yeah I get that baseball you gotta
you gotta hit a ball bits a stick but
that ball moves like really fast then
you gotta catch that ball that's tough
that's movements like that's athleticism
and I know there is athleticism in
driving you know like it takes a while
you and turn the physical stress but it
there's a skill component it could still
be a sport in my eye
it's just it's not fun for me to watch
right right this is what I'm saying
doom car came in 27th place out of 33
lets tell you know I got do Monica
that's cool I think I got doodoo I stole
my favorite car you want to go to the
Indy apples 500 with me no that would be
my response no it's very day I can see
how you're being generous here I can see
what you're trying
I appreciate that you want to spend any
time I mean you know but Kuya
it's a nice thing that you're trying to
do he didn't come in last you're right
he did not come in last
oh you fucker
I got flag Jack uh I got flagged Teddy
Roosevelt once said there are only two
sports auto racing and mountaineering
the rest are merely games I have no
problem with auto racing but I want some
I want some more turns on the track is
what I'm saying and I want a little back
and forth
I want sick jumps
Chuck on shotgun specialist hehe this
game needs a mob with an Easter egg that
allows you to play a few rooms of doom
for that I get it
that is Mineta that is another shit meta
as shit rich if modded the do for
weapons into it oh yeah yeah
honestly rich but would you enjoy car
racing more if there were cars sponsored
by star wars having enjoyed less yea
rally like rally racing where they got
like ups they got hills and chit lots of
turns and goes around like dirt tracks
I want shit like that maybe like some
kind of quicker race with less laps it's
tense and not like I'm not like four
hours of also aren't NASCAR races like
500 laps yeah nothing I think it's
called the Indianapolis 500 because it's
500 laps you think I could be wrong I'm
not viously not a racing expert shat is
that true because that's insane
yeah you know what the only thing more
dull the NASCAR is drag racing were they
racing in a straight line for two
seconds pissed off a NASCAR fans are
there in the chat let's see here hold on
there a chat is saying 500 miles okay
how long is a lap I haven't I don't
think this is a lap like a quarter of a
mile and and it's actually this is
actually two thousand laps to 200 laps
is 500 miles what 200 ish laps okay so
those laps are longer than a mile huh
apparently that's interesting 2.5 miles
is I I had assumed that the the track
was a mile and that the laps laughs
because they did about sure I assumed
you know both were troops 500 laps okay
so so a lap is about two and a half to
five miles okay
is what they're saying it's interesting
interest still not exciting we're going
in a circle going in a circle
give give a motherfucker a figure eights
you know what you give me a right turn
in there and I am I'm a little bit mad
I'm like 75% more onboard if you can
give me a figure eight in NASCAR that
would be awesome
deulim eSport would be more interesting
to watch that's not a joke they it's
it's probably happening they they're
probably they i don't think i think i
have catheters while they race I don't
think they wear diapers I believe they
are capture their gird up and
that would make sense to me
not intersection you know you're like
then you you're like a fridge you make a
prison that bridge not an intersection
that would be awesome though it was an
intersection cousin you have to slow
down a little bit no give me a break
give me a bridge so many deaths is there
word intersection so I was he then it
would be interesting then it would be a
blood sport and then I'd be down with
heart
it'd also be illegal it would yes for
have you very legal no give me a give me
a figure eight maybe that means
something figure eight racing
hold on big neutral checking it out
what's where one goes under the other I
think right huh if it's like a bridge
right I would I want a bridge not like a
real figure eight racing because then
you get oh yeah see like the the thing
you gave me dick neutral that's that's
dumb and someone's gonna crash on
purpose
that's just an excuse to crash which I
get I mean I guess I'm more okay with
excuses to crash I know their audience
but I want a bridge you know like I just
basically I want a right turn that's
what I thought
let's see here
anonymous says any plans for Jack and
Josh review of Free Willy I would watch
the shit out of that there are no plans
for a Jack and Josh episode of review
and if there was it probably wouldn't be
Free Willy
time to kill them demons yeah I think I
have problem with Formula one cars just
because they look so silly
yeah
those Formula one cars efficiency big
tires big tires
so I'd say what's happened what's
happening rich are you doing it yeah I'm
here the end of the first step soon
actually this is the end of the first
episode nice who you got left zero
deaths together to fight
I got a step on this thing okay I fought
the two big guys they're already dead
oh my god the fight is already dead oh
okay so you're done done Wow
so it's a force death at the end yeah
well yeah really it ends right before
you die okay once you beat the big
badasses and clean out the moon base
you're supposed to win aren't you aren't
you
where's your fat reward take it home
what the hell is this it's not supposed
to end this way it stinks like rotten
meat but looks like the lost demos bass
looks like you're stuck on the shores of
hell the only way out is through to
continue the doom experience play the
shores of Hell and it's amazing sequel
inferno
now you think back in the day they doom
ship to that first episode that was all
free I played it so many fucking times
so many fucking times and does anyone
can get my computer huh
here's the thing my computer was a piece
of shit uh-huh and the way you made doom
run better on a shit computer was yet to
actually shrink the screen size so it
had to draw less pixels the only way I
can get him running smooth is a good
little tiny little screen it was the
only way I had to move doom experience
that was the first episode of doom
that's great yeah yeah that's great
I really saw like like the screen so I
was like a third of that how many times
do you think you played that first
episode before he bought it I I don't
know I mean I don't know a bunch the
full game though was like I forget it
was Christmas for my birthday it's a
wonderful prison that's great I think my
dad chefs some more RAM in my computer
or something so I could actually run it

[Part II]
tortured biscuit says what are you
talking about grandpa talking about
fucking share we're talking about its
what the it's like a really long demo as
what the questions were third of the
game was a demo just to make sure that
you would think it was cool enough to
buy demos no we need some more demos I
like playable demos
I'm gonna get a sense for this game
before you spend money on it why we're
so confident we'll give you a little bit
of it for free we're so we're so
confident that you're gonna love this
game
I remember putting a paperweight on the
enter key so AOL wouldn't disconnect
while I downloaded demos I don't even
know that's about I think with
disconnect you if you're idle for so
long so this nice like you could pause
downloads oh I know playable demo still
exists but they don't they don't exist
to the ubiquity as I would like them to
yes I guess what I'm saying
I like that idea for just any game let
me play a little bit of it
let me neat obviously there's other
things there's so there's so much
information out there you know watching
YouTube video budget about a game watch
a live stream watch someone play it live
and chat with him about the game live
there's just plenty of stuff like strafe
uh-huh like strafe like ooh strafe play
with the devs oh well he only came in
because I was doing so bad and I didn't
understand how the door oh god I have to
save this if you remember yeah he
doesn't know what a doomed order you
know I don't know what if Doom doors I
thought everybody adores you know what I
did I taught him something not everybody
knows what a doom door is damn it I
gotta get in there that's great he did
an adequate job of saving this product
he did yeah absolutely I wish them the
best of luck
how old is rich and Jack yes some of us
are middle-aged I don't know what middle
ages I thought I was that middle age was
like in your forties I'm not yes the
middle ages your 40s I'm close enough
yeah we're in a 30 the only way to not
be middle-aged yeah is to die young yes
so I'll take middle-age sure oh sure
where can i download this demo I need to
shove : to my 56k modem ah why not do
bump I'm sure there's somewhere where
you could download the free the
shareware version of doom online
oh I'm sure no I'm sure this probably
says no I I'm agreeing with you and I'm
also sure the first chapter of doing I'm
sure they've this somewhere for free I'm
also pretty sure they made a free
version that runs with the doom source
ports I think I believe there's a thing
called free doom
not yep dick neutral is also is echoing
freedom freedom strafe gave me a free
strafe keyboard that's cool so that's
the strafe keyboard okay straight key
what's the straight 50 boys just say
strafe on it or just do something
fabulous I'm sure it like looks like an
old-school keyboard but it's USB and
it's a strength on it and Slayer it's
his Slayer on it cuz everyone carved
Slayer into everything back in the day
every once in a while I mean yeah cuz
Slayer rocks every once in a while I
forget about straight and then I
remember and I'm happy I'm happy that
that's going to exist
I hope they'd finish it soon
you know as I'd like to plan as I would
like to play it ever gets old
murdering demons hey look at all these
cardboard boxes is Robert zidar gonna
show up any minute
Singh why don't we get the cowboy box
back three there it was wait why are you
in Hell now I'm kind of there's the two
bases yeah it's the focal space in the
dual space okay start off on the full
space yeah then you get teleported over
to the demo space okay but the whole
demos base has been teleporter to hell
so I'm in both right now so you're in a
base then in a space base that happens
to be in hell okay great I was just
throwing the big twist though because
that's the twist the base is in hell so
it's all ruined now spoilers it already
said one year old game it already said
you were going to hell that's that was
the start of this episode was you're
going to hell the shores of hell they
don't explicitly say you're in hell the
shores of Hell is clearly hell cool I
pick that up I don't know nothing I'm
John Romero and Adrian Carmack are
working on a new old-school shooter
called FPS called black room I've heard
that and I bet they're upset that the
new doom was old-school that kind of
shit I'm sure that shit Oliver their
plans to revive the old school shooters
gotta be quick
got to be quick actually they should
probably be happy because doom new doom
did well and it revived the old-school
shooter ease so then now that nothing
should be like did you like that new
doom that old school shooters well these
fuckers made doom fuck yeah black room
Kizer panda says Dhoom 4 is an
old-school you goober why is it not
old-school I know it's not like doom I
know you know there's actual up and down
but it's a lot like quake hmm it's a lot
like quake I think it has a lot of
features that were heavily a part of
old-school games that are not a part of
modern generation games compared to like
battlefield and Call of Duty it's in any
third-person shooter oh god
Dhoom 4 is very much in the spirit of an
old-school game yes well technically
those in order in order to be considered
old school is that has to only work
whether it be the keyboard
wow I'm Savin the frame ratio these
relax to 27.3 as that was the bottom
refresh for brain of both monitors at
the time so this angle single fangled
doom 4 is modern but with old-school
sensibilities Thank You dick neutral
that's a very good way of putting
old-school sensibilities so I think rich
is still accurate in calling it an
old-school shooter
that is my actual voice this is the how
I talk every day and when it's time to
stream then I put on my broadcasting
voice I know I know it's very weird
hearing you talk like you're doing the
streams yeah very weird I know but you
get used to it after a while but no but
every once in a while I slip back - I
could is the my normal speaking voice
it's like a gong uh hell night 86 says I
apologize for the bow I didn't I'm so
sorry it was badass
I was reading a tip I did a badass hell
might made a bad cold joke and wanted to
the apologize for him do you have to buy
brutal doom I didn't get brutal them you
download it you don't have to buy it no
no it's a free Bob well you have to buy
doom then I think it works at freedom oh
really
yeah oh well they go well there you go
not only free new him but I believe the
guy who made the brutal doom mod made a
whole bunch of his own levels oh cool
this secret is revealed rich is a doomed
ninja you're right also
then what's the courage they'd be
careless
I mean hey it's happened to all of us
rich just add that bloodlust all you can
hear is it has the sound of drums
alright alright who's that a health pack
in there that's the key
no but I think there's a health pack in
there I'm more than full I'm actually
beyond full oh my help is add two
hundred and thirty nine percent oh and I
thought it was the white bar I thought
oh oh there's multiple you see the
reason it's white is because I'm over
200 oh there's a like a green that's
full of blue that gets full oh okay I'm
with you I'm with you
oh god I'm sure you're right I'm sure
it's time to stand I have not been
paying attention so let's just call it
time to stand everybody why don't we
take a stand-up time stand up time to
stand up stand up on your own damn time
I will keep shooting demons Jack just
picked up a floating flaming skull and I
threw it jack about there lying about
all the cool shit using some other
brutal doom edition
I'm sorry the real McCoy the real McCoy
says I have like five 30 inch monitors
here why am i watching and typing on my
iPhone crocodile brain yeah yeah I get
it together brain is definitely correct
Gregg get it together UNCHR occure brain
on crack your brain man
I'm gonna set my timer again I'm gonna
reason I'm gonna actually set my
stand-up timer all the whole hold all
your standup horses but an official
stand-up timer no I just said it or you
just said it I'm okay I set a timer for
an hour which is probably why I often
forget I have it I talk about this all
the time I have an actual application on
my home computer that just automatically
dings every hour I set it for every half
hour just because you know like if I
mean if I'm in an editing flow or if I'm
working or if I'm playing video games
you know like I'll often lose track of
time and so I need something to remind
me to stand out
I could use something like very funny
he looks so worried he should be eyes
are going back and forth don't throw me
steam you fight
I have many obsessive compulsive habits
you see I'm eating the other demon oh
that's great that is another rule don't
you don't get the eating animation sure
we didn't talk about that in our and I
dream of you but I like that now in the
new doom they the demons can fight each
other yeah
oh thank you Titan poo Titan poo has uh
has given a link to everything you need
to play a brutal - oh thank you good
good good good
I'd be doing four I assume brights be do
for do for yeah yeah
I'm now I'm now lending it to a friend
of mine who does not have Dhoom 4 and so
this whole story of their attitude well
it's a so someone I know was was was not
looking forward to do and and and also
was kind of like was playing quantum
break and enjoying quantum break they're
very different gamer than I am and
that's okay you can all be different
gamers and so I am a copy of doom and I
just said you need to put this on top of
your this as I said in the interview and
as I continue to say doom new doom is
required playing you need to know how
good a first-person shooter can be in
this person that plays played Call of
Duty and is is that kind of gamer and
they have not gotten around to doom yet
God still haven't touched to them I
still haven't touched it their button
but they need to have it in their
possession and and hopefully they will
find time to play doom if you people
like it people like to find them bring
they they like oh no you know what I
like going and taking a little break
from fighting and watching a story it's
like really
that's silly it's silly to me
and in any case we're very different
games and I felt I felt it necessary to
make sure that he has a copy of doom for
when he's ready to experience a fucking
awesome game so but once I get it back I
will be playing on the harder modes
because you kind of got to have you been
playing on the harder times at all after
I finished normal I kind of went to
brutal doom actually first I want to do
do you know if that liked him for
minimum or doom I'm gonna revisit the
doom games uh-huh so I went to three and
it was amazing how how just garbage doom
3 is a comparison yeah this is someone
who like doom 3 originally it does not
hold up compared to the other doing
games at all so then I found let's play
brutal doom then I've been doing this
for us you know few days sure sure
most of this week whatever then I was
gonna play through the originals then go
back to do 4 and maybe tackle a higher
difficulty yeah
yeah that's my as soon as I can
fun but really like you know I have over
watched and I've been I've been very
much enjoying over watch but I will get
back to doom for to new doom whatever
the proper way to say it numah numah
numah numah numah numah numah numah but
really most of my time will be dedicated
to overwatch as I enjoy class-based
online-only multiplayer shooters and
overwatch just you know and that's fine
even though I don't like them right I
don't care that you do what anyone else
does I know that I know
I like how slow doing three is slow
games let you think I'm like some games
I won't mention they that's kind of a
glory of doom though it's not thinking
it's instinct you shoot you seeing you
shoot what what don't three does that I
do like I like the horror aspect because
doom I swear to God doom does have a
great premise I honestly believe that
fighting all the demons at how merger of
science fiction and the occult is
something weird and and and unique okay
I'm with you I don't know if it's been
done since because of doom but certainly
when doom came out that was very very
fucking novel okay and you know I think
doom three delves deeper into that kind
of lore behind that you know you don't
frequently see space stuff and Satanism
you are correct and pagan rituals and
bodies ritualistically mutilated in
space in space it's very rare that you
see those together I agree
I thought the new Wolverine was x-23 or
is it a new new Wolverine I don't care
the talking comic books do people ever
talk about anything else
people like comic books rich I'm talking
about comic books are you on fire I'm
laughing about it
he went boom you know what we think we
like that a little bit of dead space
that we played is a dead space does that
do yeah dead space though isn't actually
paranormal it's just some kind of killer
alien virus thing right huh I don't know
we should play more dead space I agree
that space doesn't have classically goat
leg to horn demons of a variety that
doom has right I did not see the newest
x-men film and I really don't plan to
rich did you see the newest x-men film
no I have no plans to see it I just
never cared about the x-men and I do
care about the x-men which is why I
don't watch their movies because I care
about the excellent eye I disliked a lot
of the x-men movies and I do not plan on
staying
I don't care about no x-men news I don't
care about no x-men movie sad x2 is kind
of Vicki Walker at all death hose yes
the death oh we're all very excited
about the death hose movie it's always
been too much about Jennifer Lawrence I
don't I don't understand what people
like Jennifer Lawrence I just don't get
it that's you know that's fine it's all
Jennifer Lawrence this might be a very
rich Evans thing to say yeah exactly who
was Jennifer Lawrence again she's the
you you probably know her did you see
any of the Hunger Games Movies no or did
you see any of their advertisements no
in the x-men movies she's mystique and
then you know the new x-men we haven't
seen any of the new x-men movies joy did
you see joys no did you see did you see
American hustle no did you see silver
linings playbook no have you been on the
internet recently
yes people like to talk about her on the
internet and post pictures of her
she is a modern movie star and a lot of
people really like her and I don't
necessarily get it was she not in silver
linings playbook I I don't know what
other movie has she been in she's in
Winter's Bone oh yes a while back her
nude photos were released on the
internet it's much kerfuffle someone
stole a bunch of her photos and the
posted them online okay that was a big
thing so you might recognize her from
those she is America's new sweetheart
for some reason and I get it like I see
we like people you know she's an actress
whenever she does interviews she always
talks like she's very aloof and and she
seems like a very nice person like she
seems like a nice and agreeable person I
just don't think she's a good actress so
I think I get it why people like her but
I don't understand why people like her
in movies no I'm saying no I'm Sam
shotgun shotgun specialist extra dudes
you're dying I'm running around now
awesome that's awesome
yeah it takes away from the mystique of
the lone Space Marine you know yeah I
think that's fair rich that's absolutely
fair am i missing a movie that the rich
would know Jennifer Lawrence from I've
seen a little bit of game of the new
Game of Thrones season and I thought it
was bullshit and I'm done watching Game
of Thrones I don't want to hear about
many things I've barely cared to begin
with and now I really don't care my wife
is still watching it and she seems to be
enjoying it so she read the books so
maybe you need to read the books to
really get the full experience I don't
know I don't know you pretty much listed
her entire filmography okay great you
need a simple recipe for one breakfast
lunch dinner what did what did what do
you need this simple a simple recipe for
I've never like I was never super on
board with Game of Thrones and then a
bunch of spoilery stuff that I guess I
won't get into and and now I'm not into
Game of Thrones if Game of Thrones was
8-bit pixel graphics Jack would love it
you guys can't just not be assholes hey
that's you know that's what we invited
oh my god sorry I've missed so many tips
anonymous says did you hear about the
poor gorilla that was killed at the zoo
because some kid fell in the exhibit
nope it's tragedy great hey rich hey
Jack I know the details I just heard
about it oh did you yeah no that's crazy
thinking I shoot the gorillas they can't
let him all the kid yeah Tim Sam and
says hey rich hey Jack has anybody at
rlm seems a nice guys yet it's not today
and it's one of my favorite movies of
the year
please movie studios let chain black
right and I can't lose I'm very excited
to see it but I have not seen it yet
rich have you seen the nice guys yet I
like that Shane black so I am excited to
see I've not though yet I don't I cannot
say for J mic cuz I don't know latched
in and says rich what did you like about
quake for what don't you like about it
just a sure it's not groundbreaking
Lenny I think they just want you to talk
about quick for you you have neat
weapons you can have more than two of
them and you shoot it fun monsters these
these
easy peasy and the hens keep in mind
keep in mind I'm just gonna go back
before we go too far
quick for I don't I don't know maybe
there are multiplayer issues quake for
people don't like I don't know in
general do people not like it that's the
impression I've gotten from the chat
okay here's one here nurse okay I don't
give a shit about multiplayer so if the
problem with a game is the multiplayer
sucks I don't care no there you go
there was very little x-men talk rich
doesn't like x-men in general and I
don't like the x-men movies I've yeah
absolutely nothing to say but a
franchise I honestly don't give a shit
about right they sure are goofy I think
maybe one and a half of the movies is
good I don't like the movie series so I
don't care about this new one which in
general has been getting bad reviews so
I'm definitely not gonna sit they sure
have problems I can't relate to I sure
am the bad guy in their universe
let me them x-men they're not that bad
guy all of you in the movie the
oppressive nothing everyone but ah let's
see here hands a frosh says would you
kindly tell us about your history with
other classic shooters like Duke Nukem
3d Shadow Warrior
oh yeah yeah yeah I was not I was never
a Shadow Warrior
apparently there's a Shadow Warrior
remake that was supposed to close I did
you play that one what'd you get afford
I played a little bit okay I was
enjoying it but for the first time and I
don't remember when I got motion sick
really yes the first-person shooter
yeah interesting I'll try again yeah I
hit what I played was fun a lot of
people were asking if we play that after
the doom er I did play it after the doom
for him because the doom 4 was good yeah
yeah yeah and you got motion sick I
guess she got a little bit motion sick
interesting very interesting okay yeah
we'll give it another try I'll try it
again I don't know
just yeah one of those weird difference
a different day maybe it won't be a
problem
sure yeah or maybe was just like the
transition from doom it was like
different movement maybe yeah maybe
that's crazy I I don't have a long
history with first-person shooters
because I was a console game I may be
sworn to home consoles for a very long
time I played the living fuck out of
doom
I played a lot of dark forces which is
the kind of the Star Wars doing they're
gonna had mission objectives which was
neat at the time uh-huh and you have to
keep in mind
young Rich's computer was a piece of
shit young young rich so as much as I
would have loved to have played quake
one when it came out my computer was not
going to run I was I was kind of out of
the FPS game for a few years Gunners I
got a new computer around the Sun quake
2 came out so I love I love the fuck out
of quake 2 I'm sure the other punch or
other shit that came out around there
like beef and whatnot sure yeah and I
didn't really start falling in love with
first person shooters until I got the
orange box and was able to play
half-life 2 and portal and Team Fortress
2 and that's what convinced me to to
start gaming on my PC because those are
some fine games
I didn't play blood because I didn't
have blood blood no like sounds vaguely
familiar the one marathon which I just
didn't have these games have marathon
and you have his rise to triad I didn't
have the original Shadow Warrior
listen like the days before I actually
had an income I was a kid so you get one
game that's how it worked Eames work
yeah every now and then here's your
sometimes treat like two games a year
here's your new game you get to play
this for six months
you better fucking like it cuz this is
the only game you got oh god I got so
many dudes following me around now
that's insane I know look at all these
dudes surrounded by dude yeah I just got
people's dudes off and stick up its
gotta beat him maybe sometimes you don't
even use the stick
in the comics and why would people hate
mutants the Fantastic Four Spider Man
and Captain America are all mutants
except for none of them are mutants do
you think the general public wouldn't
make any distinction do you I'm just
first of all I'm just saying let's nerd
it up here none of those listed are
mutants Fantastic Four Captain America
and spider-man did not derive their
powers from the mutant gene the public
wouldn't see it that way just I know the
public doesn't know how they got their
powers of course Pope doesn't know yeah
they would assume they're mutants in
fact in the it'll be fair the public
does hate spider-man yeah but like you
know your captain actually Fantastic
Four it wasn't for that was a highly
publicized how they got their power I'm
not sure how publicized that was the
space mission that one alright I think
there's a big deal in the comics the
general publish would just see people
with amazing powers doing wonderful and
horrible things
yeah but the Fantastic Four like they
have a building there they're a very
public you know yeah well well this
right if you have a building the public
automatically just has to like you I
forgot that that's why everyone loves
Trump because he has so many buildings
that's exactly the reference I was gonna
make fun what I'm saying is like they're
not like shrout you know like spider-man
tries to like keep his identity secret
whereas the Fantastic Four does not yeah
you know they're they are a public
entity radioactive radioactive spider
does not necessary mutant it means his
genes were altered which technically his
genes are altered but mutant mutant says
we are describing mutants are people who
have the mutant gene in their system at
birth there is it has to be at birth
there is there is is that there's a big
difference if we're going to talk about
mutants so if it like some kind of gene
treatment gives you the exact same kind
of gene that gives mutants their powers
they're not a mutant right it has to it
has to be latent from birth
and then you are a mutant in Canada's
Apple so the and the x-gene dick neutral
this is why odd
this is why I think the mutants are just
weird and the whole concept never really
never really did it for me it's all
about feeling weird and different and
your powers sprung out at about puberty
time and so like a teenager's you know I
feel weird and different it's perfect
you got your powers up up acuity time
like like like spider-man yeah yeah just
just like spider-man right
what who's asking about tips yeah Tim I
read your tip we have not seen the nice
guys sorry if you walk away for a second
we have not seen it I really want to see
it I like Shane black I'm glad you
enjoyed it
I'm really looking forward to it
unfortunately it probably won't be
something I get to see until it comes on
demands because it's tough to get out of
hang tough to get out of the house
sometimes that's possibilities you know
my nerd voice is well I think forever
forever and ever amen my nerve voice
will always be Professor Frank you know
that's just that's the class if any
credit to Jerry Lewis professor Frank is
blatantly blatantly ripping off but no
no credit to the guy whose voice that
actually is that's not the voice I'm
doing though I'm not doing the Nutty
Professor I'm doing Professor Frink
president Frank is doing the Nutty
Professor it does you're doing the Nutty
Professor no I'm doing
Frank's take on the Nutty Professor oh
that's my computer my computer because
you're being obnoxious my computer knew
I was being obnoxious I probably should
have been monitoring the battery
Nathan right now
to clarify to clarify if I ever threw a
nice lady in there hi a nice lady then
I'm doing nutty then I'm doing Jerry
Lewis but if I'm just doing the general
nerd talk it's prank you can wake up do
you just shut off
just shut up there we go it's back now
everything's back now also Conan
O'Brien's nerd voice which is both Frank
and Jerry Lewis which would make sense
because Conan was a writer on The
Simpsons other than Jerry Lewis I don't
I don't know if any specific writer is
credited with creating a Frank you know
one did oh sure sure of course it's all
it's all Hank Azaria he's the only there
like like Hank we need a nerd voice I
don't Jerry Lewis yeah fine that's fine
Hank go gotta get this episode up that's
a fair point someone sign Conan created
the sea captain
that's great
no rich rich has not died yet no death
run is intact to be fair right now I'm
only playing gonna hurt me plenty
because I don't want to die okay that's
fine I still that's fine
Jack rich who would you cast as the guy
I don't think I don't think it matters
in in the doom movie I think we talked
about this the other day I feel like it
would be very similar to the Dredd movie
in which you just need an imposing
figure not to talk very yes
I wouldn't even even have you see his
whole face ever you just see like kind
of the eyes through the shaded visor
yep yeah so you just you just need
someone with a with a good build
something who can maybe physically act
yeah someone who can move you make a
hell of a doing prequel
a doomed prequel well how the base gets
set up in the experiments with hell
because otherwise a proper doom movie
would just be running around shooting
things right and while that might be
awesome for a little bit yeah we get old
you can't you know what you cast Andy
Serkis
right he just didn't okay well though I
just haven't bulk up a little bit Oh cuz
you know he knows he knows how to movies
just haven't bought him he looks pretty
bulky in age of Ultron he looked like he
had some some beef on him
so Andy Serkis would do it because he
would get the body movement down just
right and he'd be great unless maybe you
did like a series of flashbacks to how
things went bad wondering how you would
actually do a proper term movie and I'm
not sure cuz I mean obviously it needs
to be a ridiculous amount of action yes
it needs to be very it needs to be cool
all of the action takes place
well after anything that's exposition
hmm absolutely a lot of set up
ridiculous payoff you need so so what
you need is is like the fur the first 10
minutes
is all is all of the scientists setting
up the world and setting up everything
right well you also do getting like
demoted and sent to this shitty base
because you know the actuals there's
actual an actual story I actually read
the manual before when you were eating
salad oh okay and you punched your
superior officer in the face because he
ordered his troops to shoot down
civilians oh okay and you put them in a
body cast and you you you got busted
down and sent to this shitty Mars base
oh well there you go
yeah boom so so the first twenty minutes
then is inter cut between them setting
up like working on stuff on the Mars
base some hell and then you a doom guy
doing his doom guy the teleportation
stuff isn't working quite right right
this wrench we sent through it came
through we have some really hot we need
we need this hell energy to the power
earth and you know all that all that's
done right and then doom guy doing basic
training doing some badass shit and then
that happens
yeah this is easy writes itself the only
problem is how do you keep narrative
going in such an action heavy game you
know do you dude reddit where you give
them a sidekick no no no there's no part
of the appeal part of the thing that
makes it such a good concept is the the
isolation sure last person left alive
but last person left alive like on the
fucking planet surrounded by demons but
you need something to keep the narrative
life so flashbacks I don't know or do
you give them like a do you give them
like a an AI something that guides no
you know what's something that it's not
for him to talk to you I don't think
ripping off halo is the solution well
like a Jarvis you know just like someone
someone for him someone to talk at him
while he shoots is what I'm saying no
doom guy does not get a love interest in
the movie no no
he kills and he's really good at killing
but we need something someone to keep
the narrative cohesive all right all
right that's one yep or do you give him
like a demonic voice in his head that
tells him to kill kill kill no and then
that demonic voice turns out to you know
to be Satan or whoever the the head boss
is and and he was trying to control you
but really just wanted to kill the whole
time anyway
I would have to give it some thought
when my brain isn't preoccupied
murdering everything the answer is I'm
not 100% sure what all those dudes go
they'll just abandon me he enslaves a
weak lame demon to guide him to hell
maybe I mean possibly the easy answer is
all the demons have to talk or all the
elbe demons can talk don't have to you
have to set up everything well enough
that you don't need to talk and the last
half of the movie to know what your what
this guy is trying to do what he's doing
and why he's doing it yeah but you need
breaks you need breaks in the action
it's not necessarily a good movie it's a
great premise the do movie isn't it's
not necessarily set up to be a fantastic
film okay yeah you're right no you're
right
he gets a pet rabbit Daisy and it's a
CGI animal but maybe it's actually a
reference to something is it well I
don't know what that means
maybe we'll sit maybe we'll see it Oh
pick up more than halfway there okay you
know I I saw I have seen the dimmer and
no I don't remember the DNA
speaking of I know some guys saying doom
guy X doom guy meets space cop the
crossover we deserve last night while
flipping through the channels I came
across the Fifth Element
so I started watching that with my wife
and we see the did you ever see police
fulfillment the the police officer parts
in it did you remember the outfits that
the police officers wearing it like the
big bulky dumb police costume with the
giant light and probably I'd probably
know it if I saw the top my head I can't
remember how they looked
we were watching in the police come on
and like they have these big dumb clunky
outfits and Lisa starts cracking up and
going there was it those this face cop
back face just like you have these giant
helmets that obstruct everything and she
just loved this she was like that
they're basically space cops and I was
like yeah I know and like all of the
cops were just lazy and want to shoot
everything okay I just remember the
remember the dong is the what dog dog
aliens bulldogs you kind of look to them
how they might I we just watched a
little bit of it and we ran into the
space cops and I thought that was
amusing I think your face is amusing do
you really I work on it I make funny
faces
thank you for
the Fifth Element was part of the
spacecraft universe all along I think so
I think so I spent you don't see it
often I think one of those guys did a
dodge roll
oh yeah that's another brutal doom big
noise yeah full auto full fuckin auto
way it's done jack it wasn't it's not
Chris Rock in the fifth element it's
Chris Tucker and I think he is
adequately annoying as that is his
character I have a soft spot for v
development I really liked about Chris
Rock has too much self-esteem yes that
is probably true
I love shooting place fucking love this
this space cop Cinematic Universe right
yeah here hold on for
yeah the space cops the space cops Thank
You Colonel Richmond must Colonel rich
Mustard Colonel must Richard musty
Richard
I really like I think a little bit
cheesy but I like the tone the fifth
element really makes me want to see the
Lucy which I hear is like a terrible
schlocky movie that's the one with yeah
with Scarlett Johansson which she gets
extra brain powers for some reason
doesn't have epilepsy it's just one of
those things where it's like I like I
like him as a filmmaker and I think he
makes I think he makes me wonder fish
along Lucy's just I I know people say
that but people also say that about the
fifth element and I love the film and I
have a very big soft spot for the family
are you fuckers did you die no no no
like I mauled a bit okay I tried to get
you Luke best song yes Luke best song is
the filmmaker flashlights luc besson
makes space schlock
he also made like an RT Joan of Arc
movie during his Angelina Jolie not
Angelina Jolie Milla Jovovich phase
Emilia agility before she exclusively
did Resident Evil movies jackass rich
about Romero's new games act like where
are you talking about
boom yes I okay we were talking about
the fulfillment yes he also made the
professional aka Leon which is a great
movie everything about that vessel
great man I think I realized it was
Splash Damage fine
it's a flashlight and yeah flashlight
look I be safe gotta be safe it's open
to shoot wear those goggles bright
without it they make everything look
bright but also ugly oh so so you did
not pick them unless I need them again
I'm not gonna use them okay
luc besson is currently making valerian
and the city of a thousand planets who
should have a lot of the same appeal as
the family pool that's all and he
produced district b13 which is a goddamn
action flex which is a damn good I don't
know what Oh partly that's probably
supposed to be district 13 not district
b13 all right what what's district b13
I'm thinking of district 9 see well it's
possible
we lost someone
I heard them scream oh should I pick up
the goggles no see
ugly everything yeah but you can see
really good in the dark okay because the
enemies are very highlighted oh there
you go
district b13 is a French parkour movie
oh okay why is that door not open Oh
what door
that's are open that's open now
can you kill your wings because you're
throwing up oh this friendly - chant
want me to shoot my Marines oh no I just
want it you know cuz like you know it
looked like you're ready to shoot an
enemy but one of your Marines got in
front of your gun was like hey I killed
one with a grenade I don't know that
I've ever managed to do it with the
gunfire okay hey rich
what what's your favorite weapon in new
doom I said you can judge your shooter
by the quality of the shotgun mm-hmm
the starting shot down the combat
shotgun very disappointing actually
there's a little bit uneasy when I first
started because in that shotguns I know
this is really weak oh I don't feel
powerful using this gun then you get the
double barrel mm-hmm
which fully upgraded is a fuck that is
that is everything the double barrel
upgraded everything that's good about
shotguns in games yeah I just missed the
chick-chick-chick
is far more satisfying than plunk shook
yes but it's pretty fast once it's
upgraded reload speed yeah on the
double-barreled so it's got the the
impact and the pacing I look for in
shotgun so that's a good shotgun okay
the new plasma rifle kind of sucks I
really did not like them applies it
stuns good I use it for the stun all the
time yeah but they just the or
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh yeah I don't like
that they don't call it a railgun with
the rel gun it's fun
oh the heavy assault rifle that was my
favorite with the micro missiles I got
the Zoomer is damn fine
but that that machine gun was so damn
satisfying yeah every time you pull the
trigger oh I just I loved using the
machine just the standard machine gun
felt fucking fantastic I I personally
liked the regular shotgun only because I
got the grenade upgrade for it and I
love love lobbing grenades
said enemies yeah that's just a punk
that's very satisfying to me I tend to
not favor things with Splash Damage yeah
yeah okay I don't know weapons killing
me it's very one of the very first suit
upgrades I got was like the no splash
damage suit upgrades but like just that
assault rifle the every shot felt like a
shotgun shot you know like every shot on
that assault rifle was
fan-fucking-tastic filled with monsters
nice
what else I'm trying to think of just
the other like I never used my minigun I
always forgot about my minigun until I
was out of life it's not a super good
minigun it takes way too long to get
started yeah and when it gets started
it's not great it doesn't do it for you
the turret mod oh isn't bad now it's
effective it doesn't for some reason
doesn't feel right though agreed
I can't put my finger on why I couldn't
give you a detailed breakdown I I really
like the rocket launcher I mean it's
it's a rocket launcher I'm like what
it's you pointed at something and it
blows up it's like it's super simple but
I I really like that so like most of my
time was spent between the machine gun
and the rocket launcher occasionally
moving to the shotgun so I coulda made
people exactly Lynch Lynch and rocket
launcher was it was a rocket launcher
that's pretty much yeah yeah they're not
especially special some people love them
I don't find them anywhere near as
satisfying is either a chain gun with a
rapper that's fun fun more fun than a
Jew I just loved you know I did the the
zoom in with my assault rifle and
headshot extra damage and I just love
just you know like flick off a demon's
head just like boom headshot boom
headshot boom headshot loved it
z-bone slaughtering everything I have to
do anything I want to see you guys
playing the classic quake one of these
days doing some quake multiplayer be
terrible never ever played multiplayer
so I don't have and I'm sure I don't
have the multiplayer skills I do know
that Spielberg is doing a movie called
The BFG I believe it stands for the Big
Friendly Giant yeah
but yes it is funny for anyone who knows
doom it is very funny that he is making
a movie called The BFG jacket rich what
other classic games would you like to
see get revived like new doom speaking
up we're gonna get back to that in a
second someone informed me recently that
the first two Earthworm Jim games are on
GOG we were talking about earth worm jim
the other day right and I think it might
be important that we play our friend Jim
okay down with that great great just
making that public that I want to I want
to replay earthworm jim to see if it's
still awesome okay so what old game
would we like to see get the doom
treatment which is basically what is the
doom treatment let's get specific here
what do we mean my my specifics my
definition would be using the old-school
mechanics with a new polish right
old-school sensibilities with a new
polish
another dude I hope you guys all die
before I get to the cyberdemon you guys
mucking up that fight right I'm trying
what I'm trying to think of now is a
game that I really enjoyed back in the
day that like cuz like Doom is also very
special because it has had modern
sequels that kind of mucked up the
formula so that's the extra tough part
why is that door closed I don't all
right
oh because movie says no matter the gun
remember what the wise man once said
that's why shoot him in the fucking face
thanks for the welcome and thank you
because me yes that's right
fucking face beam it up Chad is saying
Jedi Knight and Rogue Squadron maybe
it's tough I like you know I just wanna
see Jedi Knight with outcasts gameplay
Jedi Knight without Jedi Outcast
gameplay look rich he was running away
he was trying to get home to his ladies
I gotta shoot him in the back before he
gets away he was trying to leave
he says I'm out of here this is no I'm
no longer gonna be a bad guy I'm gonna
change my pop it's just some sick dodges
what's going on now oh I like your sick
dodges I'm down with these six guys this
is what I'm saying
nothing beats that fucking midair kick I
I'm waiting to relive the midair kick
and imp jumped at me Mike kicked him
away while he was in midair they're
saying x-wing they need to remake x-wing
yeah with with the old-school
sensibilities yes cuz they remade it and
they did it like rebel assault
wherever's just dumbed down it would be
awful but yes that'd be a great one the
next we're here at TIE fighter remade
with old-school sensibilities with
modern graphics alright get on it Disney
why are these hack frauds don't playing
why are these hack frauds don't playing
overwatch also known as the best shooter
of the year 26
suck my dick which does not like
multiplayer oh man I just don't care
about the games if there's nothing there
for me I don't I don't multi-play I have
played overwatch I enjoy overwatch
they'll probably scream it at some point
just not tonight because I hogged last
room and I felt bad about that I know
you were enjoying her so I was actually
happy for you okay well you know I'd
like to Jack seems so happy
I've really enjoyed eskers a lot I can
tell I I think about it like I think
about dusters when I'm not playing
I've optimized my command codes now I
know exactly you know you don't have to
type all I gather you can tell all you
need to type is GA space GA space AOL it
wasn't a sweeter kick since he didn't
die from the kick yeah oh you prick you
fucking prick
your guys messed up your glory kill I
weakened him in everything you son of a
bitch you're getting demoted they should
remake Friday the 13th frame yes I like
that game had a lot of interesting ideas
Friday the 13th
swapping characters and hiding from
yeah I do in glory kill interest is
interesting that was not a sick dodge
that was I got shot in the face too much
nuki I think you're right overwatch
community has already gotten obnoxious
with its pornography and fanfiction
that's all I know about the game it has
a very beat because the open beta lasted
for so damn long it already has a
ravenous community I'm already annoyed
by it yeah it's a very good game like
the gameplay is really solid and for
everyone who was waiting for like the
next class mazes multiplayer online only
shooter this is it it's great looks
great plays great a lot of good
characters but you know the community
makes that the community burns in what
is happening to the screen now oh I am
in a dark room well I also have
yeah it's kind of a visibility nightmare
unfortunately that's all that's all
right I'll I am really enjoying
overwatch so if I'm not to like get far
into it like I don't I have maybe like
six seven hours five hours I somewhere
in there but I'm really enjoying it so
far I like all the different classes I
like the teamwork Wayne Jarvis Winkley I
like that they incentivize they do a
really good job of rewarding people for
teamwork and there's a lot of like like
in raqqa truth there's a ton of unspoken
teamwork you can kind of just see what
your teammate is doing and be there to
help which is great David they've really
met they've really made a fantastic King
in that overwatch I think I got the
secret but it's kind of waste I don't
think I'm gonna need this well yes
teamwork in your team shooter I know
it's a crazy thought and you can tell
exactly like who's coming from like a
Call of Duty you can when you play
online you can absolutely tell who's
coming from a game like that oh that's
interesting
but it's great it's breaking fucking
irony you don't need a switch it's a
soul cube in there already I'm already
at the more than the max health a soul
cube can give me so okay
it feels like force teamwork and a lot
of games just automates the way people
play seem like without actually working
together you know it it's it's tough
because you need to you need to make
teamwork accessible but also necessary
and that's why it's you know the
rock-paper-scissors classes so you need
a wide variety of classes to counter
their wide variety of classes you also
need to make it chat less because not
everyone is going to chat and so you
need to make it visual
cyber jihad look at him he looks great
Oh keep together rich
this is insane oh well great I shot him
with eight guys the art style is kind of
cutie yeah but I really like that I like
that there it's not a realistic dark
shooter that it's bright colors and
interesting characters and cartoony
style everybody know it's a fine game
can you explain why you don't like
multiplayer aspects in games because I
might want to play a game years after
the fact long after the multiplayer is
dead
multiplayer is a temporary thing mm-hmm
doom I can play 21 years later and I
have to worry about finding those four
people who are still playing multiplayer
online doom again I gotta go to this
message board and give Peter Ron and I
play the game I turn Mario on ya and I
play Super Mario Brothers right you
don't need to wait for the server to
boot I have been kicked off of the
battlenet servers several times yeah
sometimes because my internet went down
sometimes just bad and that decided to
poof sometimes mid game and that is that
is very frustrating you've done it no
sorry
the hideous cyberdemon Lord that ruled
the lost demos moonbase has been slain
and you are triumphant but oh where are
you you clamour to the edge of the moon
and look down to see the awful truth
demos floats above Hell itself you've
never heard of anyone escape it from
Hell but you'll make the bastard sorry
they ever heard of you quickly you
rappel down to the surface of hell now
it's under the final chapter of doom
Inferno there you go I'm gonna get a
drink and then we'll play through
fucking inferno and hopefully I won't
die and I could say I had a doomed Oh
death room that'd be great yeah that'll
be great okay go get a drink I'm gonna
read some tips
jean-georges my mouse you should
probably charge your mouse you you don't
want your mouse to Diamond mid doom gee
bud dude it Jack do you ever watch beer
board games they've played a lot of
games you've mentioned on stream I have
not I have not same beard beer and board
games I know there's a couple like board
game like shows where people play a full
board game I don't I don't know if I
would necessarily like like watching a
full game I want someone to tell me
about a board game you know are you
gonna be back ribs are gonna be back
baby gonna be back my June guy voice
sounds a lot like space cop
that's my doom guy voice doom guy fuck
yeah doom guy yeah will Wheaton has his
tabletop game yeah yeah and table flip I
don't know anything too much about these
board and beer games have mister bucket
88 says did either of you play the
legacy of kain game Soul Reaver was a
favorite of mine as a kid not sure if it
holds up today that sounds really and
that jack me I do need a haircut my hair
has gotten a little too long I don't you
can see the stubble I need to shave I
need to shave no time no time legacy if
Kane sounds really familiar
legacy Kane soul oh yeah I played this
game I don't remember a damn thing about
it
I remember this cover and I remember
playing it and I don't remember a damn
thing about it what the heck happens in
this game legacy of Kane's soul reaver
this is a game that I had definitely
played but I can't tell you think about
it mr. bucket I'm very sorry very very
sorry
shave and a haircut two bits no what are
some of my favorite characters to play
an overwatch I will tell you after I
stand up see you rich stood up I should
stand up stand up yep done doing some
squats you can't see cuz I'm off camera
I'm doing squat squat squat squat get my
legs okay a little bit before I like
Roadhog as my heavy I also like the
dwarf who builds sentries I think he has
some neat weapons
I like the sniper lady she's fun I
really like her grappling hook I think
that's really neat reefer I think his
name is the guy the the the Reavers
really like they're all they all have
interesting aspects and once you can
figure out like their purpose on the
team each individual character can be
really fun to play which which is why I
like the game like you know there's the
the big guy with the shield and the
hammer and you think to yourself this is
a shooter this is a game where people
can hit you at a distance there's no way
I'm a guy with a hammer with a melee
only weapon is going to be useful at all
and then you find that right team where
you know you use your shield to block
your teammates and they shoot anyone
gets close he hit him with your hammer
it's great it's great great fun lot that
just each individual character is very
unique the lady with the ice who can
like slow people down and freeze people
I started playing as her and I hated it
I didn't understand it but then you know
you find the right team mixture where
you can slow people down and then Reaver
comes in with a couple quick shotgun
shots
if I were physically in overwatch I
would probably be the the person in the
mech suit because I can't I'm not very
fast or strong so that would be my class
but but I like she the the lady in the
mech suit has some really interesting
strategies where she only has one weapon
geology has a machine gun but if you get
into a pinch you can always you know her
superpower is setting her mech to
self-destruct and she can jump out and
do some major damage I have the most fun
playing as Roadhog I really like his gun
I like his scorpion grappling hook I did
spider-man so I have the most fun
playing as him but
I'm talking over watch while you were
taking a break okay but in any get the
point is each individual class after I
learned how to play as them has been a
unique experience and then you're
talking about playing the game how many
different characters are there 15
different ways and that's exciting that
is very exciting
can someone draw Jack and a skin-tight
outfit like diva

[Part III]
can someone draw Jack in a skin-tight
outfit like DV now because because I
that's who I would be the the small
Korean girl in a mech suit yep yep yep
you you can't tell me names I don't know
all of their names so Zarya I don't know
who that is I have not liked playing as
tracer the the but gate lady the lady
whose butt broke the Internet she's got
but she's got it she's she's every woman
has a butt how dare she I don't like
playing as her mostly by just cuz i
don't get it i haven't played as her a
lot
she does these like warping powers where
she can like kind of teleport small
short distances so she's like fast and i
don't quite get it but but so far I've
I've really enjoyed a lot of Oliver
watch and I look forward to playing it
more rich woody why you looking at that
vagina
yes house full of vagina smells full of
a Jana's which one is made you can't
tell me names I don't know any of their
names yet sorry is the giant Russian
lady she's interesting I haven't tried
been trying to play as her more lately
just because her weapon set is very
interesting yes
man sweat no God what hate your hands
away yeah now you're looking at hell dry
my hands well enough that's my fault
and that's and that's my fault yeah I
have not played Bama battleborn though
you guys told me battleborn was a mobile
and I don't want to play no mobile Mei
Mei is the ice cream oh yeah I she has
some very interesting strategies I like
it like she can she has a power to build
an ice wall which doesn't hurt anybody
you know can't do any damage but it
could act as a shield or it can act as a
method to block your enemy's progression
so you can kind of force you know force
them into a tighter area so then someone
with like a grenade launcher like the
guy with the grenade launcher can easily
lob grenades into the tight area like
their strategy it's great it's great
did you lose it no did you lose it rich
get it back never should have never
should have went to the bathroom
never nope no hold it in it just makes
you twitch here young young bubbies you
don't need to fit into the community you
just need to enjoy the game don't worry
about fitting into the community why do
you need to fit into a community oh they
were joking Oh young Bobby says I want
to fit in with all this overwatch
community chat have you guys seen the
sweet hardcore rimjob hench I of tracer
there's apparently a lot of pornography
out there they just come out yeah not
important for nah graffiti hello yes
this is brutal doom Ivan Lee are you
running any specific model advisor other
than that it's just brutal to brutal
doom with the ultimate doom visor yeah
that gives me the heads up display I've
got that fancy fancy well I'm looking at
my visor and you can kind of see that
your face reflected yes green is dark
enough you can see you like your eyes
yeah the beta the end end it was an open
beta like not only has it been in beta
for a while it was an open beta which
means you know everyone has been playing
it maybe in hell you see things word to
your mother I can I don't think Blizzard
actually tried to crack down on the porn
I think they told people they were gonna
crack on an inch and then did nothing
because it's good it's good for their
bottom line to keep their families happy
so they probably like made a statement
like hey everybody cool it down with all
this porn based off of our characters
completely unrelated here's an easy way
to make custom character models do
whatever you want with them but hey lay
off those those adult images so how huge
right orange stray cat like here are
links to the porn that we don't want you
to watch here are the links right here
you watch that but already don't you
click on them I'm sure that's what's
happening
that's it just two - cackles I'll take
that we have not discussed hail Hydra
yet
I can't rich doesn't care which hasn't
been in the family book store in 20
years I did hear about it though so I'll
talk about it we can talk about I'm I
just don't care it's gonna be another
one of those it's gonna be so undone
just gonna rather than later yep yep
it's going to be incredibly undone I
just let's assassinate Captain America
scat different publicity yep no he was a
triple agent this whole songs bit the
face of everyone who liked this
character for some cheap easy money
nice I don't for those who don't know
you know you know in a reboot of Captain
America comics
it turned out that he has been an agent
of Hydra this whole time they actually
have murdered somebody on panel possibly
I don't care I'm not reading it I don't
care
nobody cares I'm sure captain Merrick
fans dude they probably care a great
deal
Jack spider-man is in Civil War because
his powers are particularly useful for
capturing people who need to be arrested
and without harm sure I I understand why
he's in the movie it's not a hundred
percent necessary that he's in the movie
and it doesn't take away from the fact
that it's it's a bloated movie with
that's two movies in a movie if that
happened in Avengers Civil War I think
it would have made a lot more sense
instead it happened in Captain America
Civil War as I discussed last time we
talked about Civil War there needed to
be two movies here Captain America the
Winter Soldier part two and Avengers
Civil War they could have fleshed out a
lot more ideas
there's the doom face now you can really
see his eyes we're good we're good good
one man in this trusty shotgun this
games about my guys doing this spoilers
discussion proper tonight yeah we had
our Civil War discussion I just don't
have much to say about I didn't even
remember most of the film at this point
thing where it's like it's fine it has
some flaws there's not there's not as
much to unpack as there one was and say
a Batman vs Superman she's she's H
Christ rich still dumb Jack long I'm
sure I'm wrong about a lot of things you
guys tell me so all the time I've got
those four as you guys know I'm a
horrible Marvel fanboy I so I think it's
alright I think it has a little war has
a lot of flaws
mostly it's two disparate storylines
that had no right being in the same
movie
let's all be honest here we are all much
more excited for the half in the bag
episode for a comic movie than the comic
movie itself you know sometimes
sometimes sometimes you just see a movie
so you can talk to your friends about it
and you know that's fine that's fine
you guys completely sick of pickle dick
Bandersnatch yet or will Doctor Strange
be another jolt of fun like ant-man or
guardians of the galaxy I worry that it
will be more ant-man than guardians if
that means anything it could be a fun
movie magic though is a strange realm
where it could be very boring I like I
like him as an actor cucumber Cabbage
Patch benedict cumberbatch they lady
boner
sandy pants but I've never cared about
dr. strange like you know I feel very
similar to dr. strange as I felt about
ant-man where I'd never cared about him
as a character before so I don't know if
I will care about him now you know right
so if it's a good movie that's great if
it's not it's no skin off my nuts jack
says hands afresh does the look or
setting of a game have a defining impact
on how you like it yes or a shirred
gameplay of paramount importance I find
myself rarely uninterested in anything
too flashy I you over watch the example
I've used before music you take Ninja
Gaiden yeah and all the ninjas and
monsters you fight and replace them all
with teddy bears and instead of sword
slashes it's it's you're blowing kisses
it's the same same kind of timings on
the attacks and everything you jump at
the same height you - at the same speed
but you're sending hugs and kisses
around instead of swords and blood it
could be kind of fun who did a different
way but it would it be the same game I'm
and you know my my direct comparison is
blood-borne versus Dark Souls 3
very similar gameplay obviously made by
the same company and I could not get
into Dark Souls 3 and I think a lot of
that had to do with the world and the
setting and I really enjoy horror movies
and so I loved the horror setting of
blood-borne and that got me over a lot
of humps whereas Dark Souls 3 didn't
have that for me it didn't have the the
blood it didn't have the hem you know it
didn't have what blood-borne had and so
I'm fired so so ya know it's I think
it's I I think it's partially important
if the gameplay is so amazing I don't
think it matters like to God himself
fucking shooting you all with my shotgun
Jack were there better motivations for
Captain America and Iron Man or were the
motivations for Captain America and Iron
Man better in the film than they were in
the Civil War comic no no the comic
raised the stakes a lot more you did it
you did it the comic book for anyone who
doesn't know the whole reason the
superhero Registration Act was enacted
was because a group of d-list heroes
accidentally killed like what a school
full of children kindergarten I think
yeah yeah they accidentally sent a villa
that they were going after a villain who
exploded himself in a kindergarten and
killed a bunch of children because the
villain who explodes himself exploding
exploded shockingly enough that was that
was the start of the Civil War comic
which I thought was wonderful it killed
all the heroes as well and and a bunch
of children and so then it was like
alright let's let's get it together but
the in the movie it was because they
exploded like a room of a hotel and like
12 people who were all delegates of
Wakanda and died
obviously they were they're bigger
bigger things that were happening
speedball survived oh it's been a while
since I've read the comics but in any
case I thought that that was much more
impactful and in the comic books and
that actually raised a question of like
what are these people doing probably if
you can't still kill the pinkies no I
can't but I love that you tried which I
love that you tried
I really like the Civil War comic it
I've control quickly yep I think I think
it did not end well the Civil War comic
but I really like the premise I like the
first trade the first trade is pretty
good
the nice that's so nice I lost a fuck
ton of help also like in the movie
something we've talked about before is
you know like each of them has one line
of dialogue to kind of make their
argument and that's basically it whereas
in the comic books there was a little
more back and forth
all right the books always better
let me read this hold on anonymous let
me read this story for so long trapped
if I go down here I don't know what to
do
armored all right still lost to the
health but I made a lot of it back rich
would you like to take a break and do a
dramatic reading of what this would you
be at all interested in doing a dramatic
reading what is this conference doom
repercussions of evil
John Stella Verne waited the lights
above him blinked and sparked out of the
air there were demons in the base he
didn't see them but it just but hadn't
expected them for years his warnings to
Colonel Johnson
what his warnings to Colonel Joseph were
not listened to and now it was too late
far too late for now anyway John was a
Space Marine for 14 years when he was
young he watched the space ship so he
said to dad I want to be on the ship
steady dad said no you'll be killed by
demons there was a time when he believed
him then as he got older he stopped but
now in the space station base of the UAC
he knew there were demons
this is Johson the radio cracker damn
you must fight the demons so John got it
his plasma rifle and blew up the wall
he's going to kill us said the demons I
will shoot him said the cyberdemon and
he fired the rocket missiles John plaz
made at him and tried to blew him up but
then the sea a sight ceiling fell and
they were trapped and not able to kill
no I must kill the demons he shouted the
radio said no John you are the demons
and then John was a zombie
okay too many flops I have no idea what
that was anonymous it's a reference to
some kind of really bad half-life fan
fiction I know that much is that what it
is anonymous wanted rich to read that
anonymous don't worry you don't need to
worry about any future any further
tipping you said it would tip more if
you read it but your initial tip was
good enough to read it
Thank You anonymous but I thought that
was a fine read English you can edit you
can edit that together I'm sure you are
the demon and then he was a zombie
it's a fine ending fine ending up fine
fine in them this new subscriber says
thank you for dancing monkeys so we're
here for that's what we're here for
you killed demons and dance I do not
know why don't you know because I I it's
I have not played this game very often
and I certainly when I played it did not
get all the way to help that that's for
sure what is this
Oh probably
I think obviously I'm the least familiar
with this particular episode of doom
well it's the last one you know like
absolute one I know like the back of my
fucking hand absolutely it is cuz I felt
I was a bad boy
oh yeah no point well I think that
wasn't but where's the jaw and then he
was and then you are the team no you are
the demon hey rich do this someone's
asking if you've ever read any to do
books yes the terrible first book is
really is really just like a level by
level description of the first game like
for some reason they took a game that
has no story and they decided to be
extremely faithful to it it's really
bizarre reading sounds like it you know
what it sounds like it
what is today today the 29th oh I don't
even know that was here
oh this randomly found another secret
all right
except I've expanded my doom knowledge
well congratulations on your doom
knowledge expansion Dora teleport door
door door was the right choice let's see
here
also I didn't thank Camille jaxa for
your tip thanks Camille
still find it still finding your to
continue doing that's what you're doing
very fortunate to have found so much
shotgun ammo hell rich do you have any
plans or want to see the Warcraft movie
no and I noticed I know so little about
the world of warcraft and then warcraft
is the thing yes that's better seem to
like thing that is literally the extent
of my knowledge Warcraft is a thing
the characters don't have big floppy
mouths immersion ruined
I have a very good friend who still to
this day I think it's like a character
animation thing I have a very good
friend who still plays World of Warcraft
to this day with like the same guild
he's been playing with for the past like
10 years yeah and I I'm very interested
in what someone like him thinks of the
movie someone who's like a huge Warcraft
person because let's see that's the only
people that move at this movies made for
right possibly you're gonna get some
like Lord of the Rings crossover because
it looks like a fantasy epic but can't
imagine there's gonna be that much new
blood coming into the Warcraft movie
have a plasma gun yet that's interesting
you don't have a plasma gun yet probably
I'm just sure there was one somewhere
and I missed it probably how that went
down
ready oh cool Ultima I I'm playing
overwatch and I'm liking it
never gets old what what I know someone
whose foot I know a girl who's played
Wow for 13 years and she thinks the
movie looks like that shit that possibly
fly Tina like it'd be interesting you
know like someone who someone who's a
huge Warcraft person and someone who's
just a movie person from the maker of
wait moon the guy who directed moon made
the Warcraft movie that's fucked up
that's quite a change of pace
mad SEC 5 this looks exactly like Jim I
don't know what you're talking about
this looks exactly like oh nice room
damn problem
you know what probably yes
and playing doom on why are you playing
doom on potato quality yep this is
exactly what happens when you turn the
the settings and doom down potato
quality I think it's just a joke because
you know the new doom I think was a high
res texture texture pack but I think it
looks like crap oh I don't want my doom
to look at fancy you I don't look like
doom no I think it was a joke right like
it like we were playing new doom you
think do you know I'm not and 90% I'm
not interested in think 90% rich can you
take the shot at 90% nope
okay what what's happening
thanks for being shot Hamza frosh it
says a F aik in today's games I don't
know what AFA are as far as I know in
today's games you can rarely get stuck
in a situation that renders it on
Windham winnable which iirc so many
acronyms society which iirc was quite
different in the past what do you think
about the absence of this mechanic
nowadays the question I posed to you
hens of Rush is was that a mechanic or
was that a limitation of programming and
lack of forethought
blade also not in vanilla do so what do
you think about getting stuck in an
unwinnable situation give me an example
that's very vaguely well you know find
like a like like in a Sierra text
adventure game you know if you didn't do
point A in the second step you can't do
point B in the fourth step I yeah I
don't think she'd be locked off like
that hmm
did you ever get to a point where you
can't win and just be and you should
know yeah yeah I can't think of any
games that's happened in other than old
adventure games well yeah that's that's
what came to my mind fall off a ledge
into a pit that you can't get out of I'd
unless that's a glitch I don't know when
that's happened I guess it's possible
but yeah I think it's we should be able
to load up one of your loot saves people
me well I think it's just bad game
design in general I don't think it has
anything to do with like an old way of
doing things right if you die you die
there's no exit you're not dying in the
pit that's bad design yeah the only
winning move is not to play oh they're
saying apparently doom had levels like
that really in the original doom where
if you can you could get stuck somewhere
never happened to me doom is an old game
again well here here's my question in
the game proper or in fan levels and how
would this happen I got no pants yeah
yeah well and really like it like I said
I don't think that was a mechanic I can
think of some pitch you can fall in mmm
well you couldn't get out but there was
some kind of like
coccyx waste at the bottom of the pit
you would eventually die they could have
made it quicker sure but it was
essentially just like falling into a pit
of lava oh you're dead right and then
you just had to be like oh I guess I
gotta wait here for a minute you have to
die sure okay I'm with you no I don't
want the drama classroom
close close quarters rocket launcher
Kendall not gonna happen a fistful of
metal since the original Halo had a
system of autosave that could lead to
being stuck where you would autosave on
a high up legend I can't get and you
can't get down that's that's auto-saves
problem yeah I'm a motive manual save
both both are fine manual and checkpoint
like autosave yeah but there's no reason
you shouldn't be able to manage your own
damn saves well and really it's not a
mechanic it was it was just a way that
they poorly designed games before they
knew better and hopefully we know better
now
back there actually back there right
let's go left that brings me back here
Oh guess they all do alright so what am
I supposed to do the go ahead on the
wall I don't I don't know got me rich
something supposed to open up they did
not jet saying anything about this but
oh sorry I stopped paying attention for
a minute I kind of fell off into a into
a zone of something else
ah let's see here cuz if you guys jinx
me by talking about getting soft locked
uh-huh then in here it happened a little
very upset now they still talking about
Warcraft movie
all right and I stepped on just the
right one hey guys
not mad six of five says hey guys I'm
studying hypnosis anyone hear a girl
is there any game coming out in the near
future that you are particularly looking
forward to that's come and gone so I
know you were really looking forward to
doom you know I had no expectations of
doom cuz I was not I was never a doom
guy yeah I was really looking forward to
overwatch and I'm pleasantly surprised
so as far as what's coming out next that
I'm really looking forward to no I have
nothing nothing next to you that I'm
looking forward to I know they said a no
man's sky got to lay it a little bit
which you know big game it's fine shit
happens
alright so no I have nothing nothing
upcoming that I I can remember off of
the top of my head I'm right now I just
want to play more overwatch like this
one more time in my day to play
overwatch let's see here traitor to zinc
to traitor
topped zinc says to answer your question
jack as someone who has played every
warcraft game since 1994 when I was 5 I
thought the movie was a service of
little bit a serviceable serviceable bit
of fantasy spectacle it's just ok ok so
that's a hardcore fan and they have not
impressed him ok
I like overwatch I think it's fun I
think it's good it's engaging it's
teamwork I like I like teamwork in my
team shooters so I gotta get the things
- traitor - to snitch snitch
thanks traitor - fin each niche niche
right there - Stan each of thud thud -
visas over watches the paul rudd of
video games so average yet
has a peel something something more than
average you know guts you've got that
spark overwatch it's got that spark just
like Paul Rudd it's pronounced Z okay
okay
Zink Zink apparently is one of the four
chaos gods and Warhammer well thank you
van dink chaos God in the warhead
where's that marina he needs to die so I
can grab his plasma rifle
uh-oh you know what yeah new pokemons
coming out I guess you're right so maybe
a little excited for that haven't
haven't really thought about it since
then I know I am rich on the other hand
is very excited about the new Pokemon
release familiar Maps
I'm assuming it's gonna lead to the
secret level normal I'm probably just
gonna take it Jesus boom-booms gonna
demon yep they certainly did and camille
JAXA thank you for your to get you rich
you need your murder hose where's your
murder Rose I was using it that was in
there just a fucking Power Cell and
demons and demons to shoot that's fine
don't forget about the demons
I just want demons Jack I want victory
No yeah kill 78 oh yeah I miss it so
much
it's fine it's fine we're almost there
the tip Boehner for some reason is not
showing up I don't know why sorry can't
tell you it's it's on it might just need
a a no BS restart which obviously we
can't do midstream so fucking deal with
him so but I'm seeing your tips and I'm
reading your tips I got it up here so
I'm sorry that it's not popping up and
saying oh my god might as well as doing
cat a crowd no I have not finished Dark
Souls 3 because I was not terribly into
it I got pretty far I'm gonna say I at
least got like oh nice
like 1215 hours maybe more 12 somewhere
at 12 to 15 hours is what I got Oh what
all right anonymous says are you guys
fans of the Resident Evil games and
hoping for an announcement for seven in
this year's e3 No Resident Evil 4 I
really liked and then you know that's
about it why do people keep thinking I
don't hate survival horror why is it not
something any dispelled by this planning
a new and they don't know baby I tell
you I was never a fan of like the
original Resident Evil's I hated the
whole fixed camera thing but I liked I
think Resident Evil 4 was fine
which aids right which aids oh yeah
there is there's a light fire crackling
knives in this level so I'm saying it's
moving on stage you're just pay
attention pay attention to the shotgun
that hole fixed camera it was I just
didn't I didn't care for it I know the
intention of the stationary camera in
Resident Evil was so you know add
suspends to make controlling a little
more difficult it's just not something I
cared for I get it
didn't care for it whoa where did you
come from
death hose landmasses gone so that llama
doesn't hurt me too much I wasn't gonna
jump but I didn't you didn't jump done
yeah yeah you're there and fucking dead
now you prick I like residue before I
though it was nice and fucking nice and
schlocky
very little very little out of oh oh oh
that's right the other side
yes a secret is revealed some of the
episode I finally fucking found a plasma
gun
well with my name
floaties
my rich is the floaty hence you know
them they got floaties in the heads
yeah we both enjoyed dead space
it's you know it was fun while we were
playing it it was it seemed like a good
game just not forever on the list you
know it wasn't my favorite thing ever
but yeah it was some brain injury was
enjoyable no just forever on the list of
things to play Reggie regimen rig neck
rig ik ringing ik says if there were a
space cop game what kind of game would
you want it to do besides of course I do
in comm snoop cone is what makes the
most sense to man for me it would be a
doom clone with only the BFG Hansa brush
in other news CNN reports that
scientists have discovered the largest
known sea sponge off the coast of Hawaii
no now isn't that something
that is something you guys like sponges
I do they're soft and funny-looking
thanks I'm fried it's weird but sure
that's great a large sea sponge
thanks for sharing what you need is a
doom clone with only the BFG and but
there's a there's a one-liner
score multiplier so you get a score for
as many guys as you kill right and if
you can choose the proper one-liner to
say after you defeat guys then you get
bonus points that's the space cop game
right there and kill the victor nice
work
latch latch Danone you guys great rich
as as a fan of thief
yeah what did you think of Dishonored
I need to play it okay I'm gonna go over
this for the 19th time I I started
playing it uh-huh back before I had my
new computer so it ran like crap ran
like what crap I was getting like 20
like realizes it was gonna make 20
frames a second uh-huh
so I just put it away and I might well
get to it some other day sometime in the
future and I gotta Braddock Peter I got
a cup no I just haven't gotten around to
yet we have to we have to play a lot of
games and that's not something that rich
wants to start on stream because it's a
game he thinks he might enjoy so he
wants to actually take some time and
learn it on his own before he has the
pressure of doing it live yeah and the
distractions you know what distraction
of talking to people well they even take
it in it's tough to play a game when
you're trying to have a conversation
when you're listening to other people
it's distracting look sorry I'm fucking
somewhere better find it before this
ability runs off or I'm fucked
there we go easy easy nice rich no death
run confirmed torah sages and i've been
doing
nice so far so far everyone
this isn't this has been a no death run
so far
the ball here
trolley rich hop on it kilmister says
spoiler alert dishonored is awesome oh
wow that's oh oh my god it's not over
fucking die
does this Sarah Chen says does this mean
Phoenix right most likely gonna be
played alone no we don't know do you
want to finish that at least that case I
want to finish it and I I'm definitely
more willing to try a new game on stream
than rich but no we want it right we
kind of know what this and now we know
yeah and we do need to finish that soon
don't need to be intimately familiar
just and then return to have bad streams
with games we're playing them just
completely blind I'm just trying to
figure out the controls yeah Rockman
yeah yeah yeah
booo-ya is so skinny eBay
looks like someone ate a shotgun shell
I'm just so close I know there's a lot
of people who were just great at this
game it's really a pathetic achievement
but it's still an achievement rich right
exactly chat like Dark Souls we remember
when we first tried to play Dark Souls
on screen and by the way and how helpful
you were now but you know that's that's
a game we probably may have enjoyed more
outside and obviously now we were more
into the whole Souls Bourne series what
do you do hit the switch something
happens I don't know what happens but
it's a wiggle what's called a harvest
cold I wasn't even swear to do Oh a
secret or if it was reveal rich yeah
we'll keep that nice Armour intact
before we fight the manor well sure
right at the end of this I'll do some
min maxing oh nice I don't think that's
technically maxing though I think I used
the term wrong but I don't care I'll do
what I want yeah sometimes the games
that I want to play our little boring I
know you guys did not like that drone
game maybe not the right game that would
that be a perfect game for a J stream
where I'll just I'll just play madrone
game I'll play Jessica and rich in jail
talk about shit there are certain games
that are really meant for a J stream
hey keep running somewhere obviously
right not possibly loan or art John says
if Jack played X come with an assault
character named rich Evans would Jack
finish the game with no deaths yes I
know I loved I loved the drone game you
know the only problem with the drone
game is I was too focused on it and so
then rich heads and do the majority of
the talking and that just puts a lot of
burden average which was why if we had
another talker in here it'd be perfect
just in the background very minimal
noise would be perfect for a for a
drowning out should be trying to talk to
me that's a good of obscure Swedish
horror genre no no but the chat would
love it
oh I've seen that obscure Swedish horror
drama
did you see the the sequel it was in
Finnish right now I'm doing demon things
nope I'm gonna wait till all the fucking
deer season before I go back to ex
country oh that's fair I'll wait it are
done and then I'll pick it up can't
forget to pick those up before I end
this level oh that's right J was in the
chat for the for Ford esker's yes the
dusters does look boring and you just
have to trust me when I say it's super
exciting and it's it's super exciting
for me
you guys might not find it as exciting
as I find it and I accept that because
people are different
oh did my mic turn off turn it back on
turn it back on everything's okay now
thank you
dusters look like geometry homework it's
so it's it's really hard for me to
articulate why it's so engaging but
every ship is filled with this
unspeakable unseeable horror and not
being able to see the enemy and not
being able to like react quickly maybe
that's what it really is is is the
inability to to dodge roll you know you
have to like type in a command code and
it's very clunky the clunky way in which
you have to react to danger is what
makes it so exciting to me photo VIII I
believe our plan this year is to
completely and utterly ignore III is
that our plan for this year sounds fine
to me great we're gonna have to watch
the conference we're gonna I think we
can if you want we can address news that
comes out sure if it's interesting news
sure did
rich has played a little bit of darkest
dungeon on stream yes and felt okay I
did I forget how you feel about darkest
dungeon to be honest I know I wasn't
super into the specific turn-based
combat they had
need a hazmat suit you know where to get
one
you know where to get one
oh no I don't it's cut off oh wait no
nope I can get these stairs I like those
student anyone says I like it when you
shit out of you three is it but by now
like we would just do another show where
we say yep wait till the game comes out
gameplay footage doesn't mean anything
anymore
it means chills well do you know we'll
do a stream about it we'll grab we'll
grab a fistful of paper with with the
news printed out on it and we won't have
to deal with the salesmanship Scarlet
Spider it was announced to Michael
Keaton was playing in the new spider-man
movie did you see it you hear that
Michael Keaton is in the new spider-man
Michael Keaton has been cast in the new
spider-man movie would you like to know
who he's playing Jay jonah Jameson he's
not playing gauge on with Jansen Doctor
Octopus nobody Fleming does he is
playing a villain I will give it no give
you that okay so now you have to guess
the villain that Michael Keaton would
play
keep villain he would play as I need to
concentrate on this game because I'm
kind of constantly on a timer right now
because I've got to wear the hazmat suit
sorry no no it's fine he's fine he's
playing the vulture yeah oh yeah I
forget he's old now no I swear to God I
forgot that I forgot that the man is old
ha ha yeah my team's up there today he's
playing the vulture so it's already been
announced and I mean Michael Keaton's
great actor so great it's great that
he's cast in the movie that I want to do
well oh yeah you did good zip all I know
is Marissa Tomei is that may than Joe
Pesci should be Uncle Ben as the girl
that's horrible Gloria is a fine joke
for Aunt May which to me is fine nice
words he works Peter Parker's only in
his teens and wouldn't be that old right
Aunt May does not need to be a frail old
lady I prefer it when Aunt May is not a
frail old lady
just trying to save bullets yeah nice
nice
I was the other person that made was
Peters great-aunt or something no just
his Aunt May oh that was really easy
yep just Aunt May that's it and she
doesn't need to be an old lady do know
death does it is it congratulations
rich Evans doom no death run brutal doom
not so brutal after not as brutal as
rich Evans the loathsome spider demon
that masterminded the invasion of the
moon basis and caused so much death has
had its ass kicked for all time a hidden
doorway opens and you enter you've
proven too tough for Hell to contain and
now he'll at last plays fair for you to
eat that for you emerge from the door to
see the green fields of Earth home at
last you wonder what's been happening on
earth while you were battling evil
unleashed it's good that no hell spawn
could have come through that door with
you and there's the pet rabbit
oh no actually that's the pet rabbit
that's great
so he's doomed to like here yes oh
that's great that's funny
thankfully there's there's another it
was added on after the fact there's a
fourth episode to do one but I'm not
gonna play that sure that's great you
did it you did it that I did that I mean
that's horrifying
the the bloody bunny head right there
it's so appropriate though for do in
this whole incredibly yes yes incredibly
incredibly appropriate and it's it
worked out perfect my stand-up timer
just went off okay so we we should
probably thank everybody and call it a
call anyway oh that sounds fun
that's fine that sounds fine that sounds
like fine and fun if you have clever
names it's always fun though it's funny
I save that it's fine fun uh let's keep
it on the bunny okay then we're gonna
have the bunny in the back look at that
bunny what about this the music jasmine
as we thank it well once you click over
won't the music turn off oh that's true
yeah alright
safe drove 20 fucking months in a row
and just to spare the confusion because
we've we've had this issue with the
YouTube yeah yep they don't know why the
fuck we started screaming people's names
at the end of the stream which doing a
little bit of me likes a little bit of
me like that we are we are begging
people who have subscribed while we've
been playing the game tonight yes like
much like Sagan 1 2 2 0 for 16 months in
a row has subscribed to us mud run stew
91 13 months in a row Biffen bridge 9
frosty snooze 22 fucking months in a row
and rail means rail 15 months in a row
oh the real Quaid 19 months in a row
also we we only get these notifications
if you subscribe or Reese absque ribe
during the stream if you started
subscribing to us off stream or like on
a Friday line yeah then we put you know
these are these only our subscribers
during the stream so heads up so
otherwise we don't know the real Quaid
lack Danone hens afresh it's fish bus 17
months in a row mr. bucket 88 tera both
eyes out ex Mensa 23 fucking months in a
row so did you like hit in the head and
become dumber and sometimes I had to
kick you out how do you become expensive
yeah yeah you started you start getting
senile you were you were Mensa member
and then all of a sudden you're like you
know what guys I kind of like the Big
Bang Theory
get out right now
yeah get out right now hair Tetsu
sixteen months in a row lendo was taken
20 fucking months in a row
Walt Heisenberg 20 fucking wants in a
row low sorry
I started looking at something else they
are
Caesarion farts 13 months in a row
ragged scribe i bone badger 22 fucking
months in a row paper space 21 fucking
months in a row
the Irish nerd on twitch fleshy patch 20
fucking months in a row fruit pie the
magician Master Kenobi double-oh-seven
twenty four fucking months in a row
fisted by dope smoke 18 months in a row
skeletonbill can our cannon work can an
orc
Huggies snuggle
sausage toes 17 months in a row Jay kid
oh wait
space Jack 2084 thank you all for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do it's really true
all right yeah I don't think we have
anything clever to do so all right good
night
