Dec 18, 2016
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/112554988
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/112701229
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AT4w4th63Kk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_Pg_pVt0v8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/810581683963568128

[Part I]
it sounds great we gotta we gotta get an
Isaac
happy Christmas rich happy Christmas
what's the Christmas what said that
thing with the tree the Santy Claus the
tree with the Santa Claus you got it you
know what's up already
Abbey holidays happy holidays everyone
welcome this this will be not to get
sentimental this will be my final stream
of the year Christmas time is coming up
I'm leaving towns a certain group of
people got really excited for about a
second as you were saying that yeah I
don't agree with them
I think the jerk this will be my last
you say even finally upstream this'll be
my last dream for the year some people
got really excited which is funny I
always loved I was that's what those are
my favorite comments like on the on the
streams on the YouTube channel but it's
just like god damn it jack I hate
listening to you on these streams that
you're constantly on and they watched my
solo streams which I will be doing one
on Wednesday I will I'll do some
challenge runs and some greed runs I
just this is my warmup
I felt like playing Isaac I've been I've
been doing all of the I've been trying
to do some lost runs yeah on my Vita and
so I'm in a super Isaac mood and I just
want to keep playing Isaac so this is
what you're gonna get and and I don't
know you know we haven't unlocked
anything on this one yet so I'm just
just warming up yeah oh there's some fun
ones later shaves backed up on the cloud
well it's on PlayStation oh so you know
I don't know if there's a way to get my
PlayStation save
the PC if there is probably probably
none I would assume not I don't know
though chat what do you know what do you
know about it you know no nothing chat
knows everything you don't know nothing
about no nothing chat knows everything
and nothing at the same time I think I
think well they will wait until a few
more people are even in here before we
even address that thing what what they
do you suppose I'm talking about oh
you're probably talking about the
anticipated you and I talking about lala
land
lalala yes la what the new movie lala
land in musical starring Ryan Gosling
and Lady is that what they're talking
about no that's no that's not what
they're talking about
oh then I have no idea with it okay okay
sorry there's no there because there's
no other movie that people are excited
for or excited to hear us talk about so
and I like musicals I'm okay too
musicals it's been very few musicals
have liked sure sure Little Shop of
Horrors some of the oh yeah classic yeah
I guess they're musicals some of your
classic Disney ones oh yeah your Disney
Renaissance films your Little Mermaid
Aladdin bug lady and the Beast
everyone loves The Lion King can fuck
right off though you know I don't like a
Lion King
you know what I like the Lion King but I
could see why someone wouldn't I'll tell
you that I'm okay with Lion King but
yeah I get it why don't you like the
language just did don't dig the story uh
yeah I don't think Simba very much I
don't dig the story oh I just can't wait
to be king
hey grew up and all my character
development happened off screen now I'm
gonna kill the guy that's really that's
the Lion King to make there you know
what this Farage yeah that's absolutely
fair I see someone is quoting lines from
that other movie now that we'll talk
about later and yep not too much later I
want to get it out of the fucking way
yeah and we won't get super into it
obviously because
you know Mike and Jay and were you in on
that discussion yep
Mike, Jay, and rich we'll get into it I'm
sure but yeah we can generally talk you
know what I want to talk about I don't
plan on doing spoilers personally yeah
so let's just just get out of the
fucking way okay what's our policy on
spoilers for that thing
let's not through spoilers listen that
spoilers okay and chat you too no
spoilers for rogue one it just came out
this weekend give everyone a chance to
see it there's there's a half in the bag
coming up yeah so you'll you'll
definitely hear in-depth thoughts from
me then or more in-depth than I'm gonna
go under now yeah a lot more the
spoilers no spoilers that's the policy
tonight I'll say this much yeah if you
have if you plan on taking children to
see it for Christmas well I'm serious
dead serious if you plan on let's uh
give me a family thing here Christmas
Eve or Christmas Day we're off with
family the whole family's gonna go to
see Rome one double think that double
think that consider looking into
spoilers before you drag your whole
family to see this sure and and here's
what I'll say ask someone who took his
children to see it don't ya don't take
children to see this not because it's
inappropriate not because it will scar
them but because I think they will be
bored to tears I don't know why the fuck
they thought Christmas that you know I
know they had a lot of luck with the
holiday season with the force awakens
nomination nut this is a bad time to
release this movie this is not this is
this is not a Christmas movie this this
this you might not want this to be your
Christmas Day holiday outing right Yeah
right this this one should have been May
yeah
there are a lot of kids in Deadpool yeah
no that's fine
Deadpool is just a good old-fashioned
r-rated action film absolutely kids
wouldn't this wouldn't be appropriate
for kids I think for an entirely
different reason and I can't get into it
right now I think my kids would like
Deadpool more because they wouldn't be
as bored I'm not even talking about you
know all rating I don't think it is
rated R yeah there are good reasons that
I can't talk about right now I don't
really think this should be the family
outing movie no and I agree with rich
for slightly different reasons
no spoilers that it's just not an
appropriate let's take the family to see
to see a Star Wars movie because that's
not it's not that movie rent rent the
force awakens
watch your blu-ray blu-ray of the force
awakens and you got like a six-year-old
daughter who idolizes rain yeah hey
there's a new Star Wars movie with a
female protagonist my daughter will love
that doublethink that do your research
this this might not be the film for your
six-year-old daughter who idolized his
reign yeah and there were kids there
were kids in the theater we went we went
and you know like it was a kid
appropriate time we went at like 9:00 in
the morning we need to go see it because
we're like okay that's the time that you
know like that's the kid time to take
your children and it wasn't my decision
to take them my wife thought that we
would take the kids and I was like yeah
you sure about then she was like I had
to be fine they like they loved the
other Star Wars movies like all right
yeah I don't give a shit and and I was
considering taking my children out of
the theater about halfway through not
because the subject material was
overwhelming but because they were
fidgeting in their seats so much out of
boredom and I was right there with them
and they don't do that they sit through
yeah children are great at movie
theaters they love movie theaters they
love movies so if you're a star Wars fan
you got your fan service in there you
got plenty you got plenty of that jeezum
H crisp demand I've already I've already
given a small inkling of my feelings
I've tweeted I tweeted about it after I
saw it I was just in so incredibly bored
is is my is my small spoiler film
spoiler free review I just I just could
not give a fuck about about about any
character did I like the CGI I had no
grand moff tarkin
yeah grand moff tarkin I don't know how
much we she's talking about I don't know
how much we should talk about in general
in general I didn't like the CGI it in
the start especially in the Star Wars
universe every time there's a CGI
creature sticks out like a sore fucking
thumb yeah especially with everything
else in this this one trying to look
like the 70 Star Wars you know yeah
the CGI sticks out like a sore fucking
thumb it really does and like he's right
next to real people all the time and man
it does not look good I was thinking
that they did a much better job with
Carrie Fisher's CGI but apparently that
was just a different actress
no that was CGI it was terrible
different Alex knows differently it was
an actress that they put CGI over her
face and it's it's it's worse than grand
moff tarkin
it's just it's not on camera as much
well I'm dead serious yes because it's
awful it is the worst
we're so bad they're doing a worse job
than Tron did Tron Legacy even even like
x-men 3 and that was years ago did a
better job of de-aging Patrick Stewart
and I guess they were just de-aging
someone they weren't creating a face
from scratch but oh it's not good CGI
yeah please stop spoilers but we're not
bad bad CGI faces on characters we kind
of knew we're gonna be in it that's a
spoiler that's not a spoiler we have not
spoiled anything about the movie
Jack Jack brought up what's-her-face I
was just talking about grand moff tarkin
who was in the trailer
oh is that spoiler fuck you sorry sorry
if that spoiled it I'm I didn't I didn't
sorry for spoiling like the creepiest
thing ever mostly because of the awful
awful CGI work look it's that thing you
know but it looks really creepy like a
soulless automaton oh you know here's
here's my here's my here's my issue well
just get the road 1 talk out of the way
here it is everyone here's my main issue
yes your spoiler free main issue my
spoiler free main issue ever because
everyone knows what the story is right
yeah but it's they're stealing the plans
to the Death Star everyone knows that
that's not spoiler territory I feel like
they based all of the tension in the
action scenes on whether or not they
would complete their mission oh there's
something in the quiets something I want
to address go ahead go would you rather
have that CGI or old actors just Rick
is the character just recast the
character we can deal with this the CGI
is far more distracting than just
getting somebody new to play the damn
part and as far as Carrie Fisher that
bit and this is so small it could have
been anyone from behind right they
didn't need to do that you didn't we
didn't need to see a fucking face right
fucking hell there are ways to hide that
shit rich is gonna lose it yeah I'm
gonna lose I almost lose it when I hear
really dumb things would you rather have
all that mercy to you uh that was
fucking question in the world that that
completely misses the the same common
sense solution to the problem well and
that's the thing like you're acting like
those are your only two options you have
other options you're a filmmaker you get
to play pretend for a living okay so
here's my here's my thing here's my
problem with it my big issue yeah I felt
like all the tension and all the scenes
derived from whether or not they would
complete their mission yep but we we
know because everyone has seen a new
hope that they do complete their mission
and so it's got problems above and
beyond that this is just my main issue
and so like for me I didn't care about
any of the characters and so like
whether or not like any individual
character made it didn't matter to me
because it's okay that she's not an
interesting main character she's a woman
that's what's important there were male
lead Caravan kids they were all so bad
we're all so unimportant they gave more
thought to what's-his-face bad accent
men funny exit men had have probably had
more of a character arc you know
my favorite one via the one I I felt
like really had a good arc is uh who's
the who was the the monk guy I don't
know I don't want to I'm gonna come any
closer to spoilers so Oh though he's
shown in the trailer yeah uh yeah I
liked his chick nobody has a character
arc no like nobody in the movie has a
character arc right right right rich I
agree
the closest the closest character arc is
funny accent man and he's not
particularly likeable in the first place
mustache guy oh the main the male lead
well I wouldn't call him a lead he's
lead is what's-her-face but the guy like
the guy that guy that guy you think the
man man
nope
uh you know it doesn't matter I didn't
like it it sounds like you didn't like
it very much
no not really but I'm not a huge Star
Wars fan I got imagine if you're a star
Wars fan there's all the geek shit you
can gawk at 80 80s you know what I could
appreciate some of some of the world's
you know like they had some new toys to
look at like yeah sure makes me realize
how limited the Star Wars world is what
I mean there's just not much to the
universe other than the vehicles you
know that's an 8080 looks pretty cool
for a giant galaxy at the Star Wars as a
universe feels very limited to me to me
nowhere near is is rich is something
like Star Trek I know you're yep
you are a trekker in general
I feel like I'm not doing great this run
I'll be honest with you which is why I'm
not doing any of the challenges this is
a warm-up
it's a warm-up run which you are not 50
yet what does what does that have to do
with anything does a person not get to
have standards until they're 50 yeah you
have to be 50 first before you have
standards yeah okay I didn't know that
oh yeah it's a whole thing it's a whole
thing
I can't wait till I'm 50 oh man people
are gonna listen I can finally have
standards not doing great
a little helper here
it's tougher what is my opinion on ds9
and it's a fine show has some good
characters good good villain
Star Trek Deep Space Deep Space 9 yes
you know we talk about it a lot but yeah
I just want to make sure that now
everyone knows we're talking about let
the whole class end damage great great
great great great
yes overall didn't like it so we're
glasses oh money here's money guys so
the more money I have would be stronger
my shots are so it's incentive not to
spend exactly oh and I have the two of
diamonds which dublicate s-- any money I
gots so yeah I don't even want to go in
the shops I guess I could go in there
and blow up some stuff
yep
yeah yeah no no rogue one spoilers in
the chat we're not gonna talk about
spoilers tonight we did a mini little
convo bottom right now yep everybody be
cool everybody be a little cool please
be respectful it's it's obvious neither
of us loved it that's the main takeaway
here I wouldn't say I despise it I
wouldn't say that no you know you know
what I've been comparing it to what and
I know you haven't seen it is the
Martian yep a movie which i think is a
perfectly adequate competent movie that
had absolutely zero tension you just
kind of know exactly what's gonna happen
at all points interesting okay here's
the question rich I could use my two
diamonds double my money and get 20
cents yeah and get this piggy bank
yeah the piggy bank every time I get hit
gives me money which would be pretty
smart but obviously the morning it hit
the morning it hurt but I could invest
15 cents and possibly make it back if I
get it yeah okay
what's your shot oh okay what's your
shot like what would have been like with
that 20 I don't know how effective the
money goggles are it's not huge until
you get really high up there and get
like over over like 30 yeah and yes I
know there's a there's a white heart in
that other room I'm waiting till I beat
the what's the white heart so uh half
it's half of a white heart and if you
have it and you go to the next level you
get another heart container yep or if
you find two of them you get another
heart container okay
but I want to wait till I'm done
fighting the ball yeah it makes them be
smart smurt that'd be smirked yeah it's
just in case I can
look at this guy he's cool yes I am
planning on on doing a solo stream on
Wednesday SEMA good work rich you would
have lost your white heart right there
yeah yeah doing a good work rich I
appreciate that because I like I well I
won't be back until uh I won't be back
until January so I'm gonna miss a few
streams rich may stream and rich can
still rich can still let me know and I
will attempt to tweet it out I might
have internet so you already have ten
coins I had 20 to begin with but oh yeah
I'm getting old come on die already oh
there we go all right great
spoon all right great now we'll get
another heart container yeah I'm already
making money back which was great okay I
think that was the right call I just
wanted to talk you through my process
that's cool yeah that's cool I remember
afterwards after drug one just a little
aside no more yeah yeah you know I'm I
took my kids to see the force awakens
and they loved it and they were talking
Star Wars for days weeks and yes after
them seeing rug one stopped well no I
mean just in general they didn't mention
Star Wars they have not yet they have
yet to mention Star Wars since we've
seen that movie okay usually it's one
monkey-see monkey-do thing yeah like
they see they see a Pokemon in Pokemon
is the only thing they care about they
see Star Wars Star Wars is the only
thing they care about this after this
nothing it's not a children's phone it
is not a children's film that much I
will say for sure not necessarily for
the reasons you think but thank you
hey these little bones skeleton guys are
the thing I hate the most you I can deal
with great great
yeah I'm not I'm not condemning it based
on the fact I don't think it's a
children's film I'm just saying it's
it's it's Christmastime and I think a
lot of people are coming I'll take the
kids to see the new Star Wars and if you
do that I think you're in for a rude
awakening that's not the same as me
saying it's bad because it's not a
children's film it's not the same not
it's not the same thing please don't
equate that you know what rich say
that's a really good point yeah
really good point let's be clear be
clear if you have to what I'm just
trying to remember what that is I want
it some other jet tell me what that is
and if I want it please oh come on we'll
try it just get my Isaac legs back try
again maybe I'll get some better items
yeah so uh have you had a chance to play
that Super Mario run no the first
official Nintendo iPhone game yeah yeah
yeah well you don't have an iPhone also
right so that would probably really
hinder your ability are you wanting to
switch over to that huh are you wanting
to switch over to that oh oh sure talk
about it now is legit did you enjoy the
thing here is you know it's not bad it
is not an endless runner as many thought
it was going to but that's good what is
it it's it's just a Mario game and it
has levels but it's not like endless
Mario levels it's not endless Mario
levels it has normal levels and the only
button is jump you know you just
constantly run yeah
and you just press the screen to jump
and then you have to kind of time your
jumps and it was these ones awful you
would think that's what you would think
but it actually works shockingly well
okay not saying it's the greatest not
saying it's the greatest at all are you
saying it's the worst not saying it's
the worst I don't know if it's what you
can't you can play the first three
levels for free and then you can it's
ten bucks for the full game not the
worst all right go on you were way up I
think I want that where's where's the
damn was Mouse where's the other way oh
no it's half his pad broken
all right where I am
aah oh shit I just put myself up today
is the 18th today's the nerdy Inc says
we were the guys who sent in the
excellent bus safety video glad you
enjoyed it thanks for them thank you
thank you I guess some things safe you
for sending in that egg video hey Marty
access rich I've heard persistent rumors
that Peter Parker's love interest in the
new spider-man movie is lizallen how
interesting I think they're trying to
make a point about the hair bangable of
the first love interest even though
that's bullshit in the comic books like
as if she's the love inched in the movie
like that's supposed to change anything
that happened in the sixties comics I
don't I don't know I don't know whatever
doesn't matter
no doesn't okay people are Schmucks
jerks people are Schmucks Enders yep
great that Brahmin says Bandcamp sells
your shirts but do they make them or
someone else someone else someone else I
think they're they're printed locally
it's not like a website that does it I
believe they're printed locally band
camp
they have sells them did they do I don't
hey I don't pay attention to any other
show get on it rich they're made locally
I've picked them up from the place that
makes them sure the shirts are made
locally but band camp does sell them and
so they're not it's not like made from
like t-shirts that comment right there
they're very high-quality t-shirts
they're there they're nice shirts very
nice shirt
they're made locally I know I have
picked them up from the place that makes
you know what I'm gonna steal I have yet
I have yet to take a t-shirt I haven't
either I'm just sayin I'm gonna take one
I'm about to I'm about to go home baby
don't have them anymore I really wanted
one of those old best of the worst ones
they don't have any of those I don't
think we have those particular ones
anymore now I should have stolen oh no I
could've not stolen one that's my that's
that's my right to take them if you say
so
you get away with that I can get away
have that poster shenanigans you can
totally get away with that okay they owe
me at least a shirt
Oliver e18 says be careful not to choke
on your aspirations rich Evans buster
load says sister lo sup Bert and Ernie
sup turn 25 yesterday and all I got is a
bachelor's and a dumb retail job where
were you guys at 25 and where did you
think your life was going lol stroke me
down and all around I thought my life
was going nowhere 25 I'm still not
convinced it's going anywhere once this
once this red letter media thing dries
up I'm fucked that's what I think the
future is the future is a magical place
full of endless possibilities Jeff an 86
says heart emoji heart emoji
they say heart emoji that's great do
they say heart emoji or didn't know they
technically they they said less than
three okay okay so less than three is
what they say I just didn't have any
typed a heart emoji you know in a way
they did no I mean I spelled out sorry I
didn't know no that would never just be
absurd that would be absurd that's what
I was you know Jeff 86 says no message
gobbledy gak says do you guys like
mushrooms morels shitake portobellos
Karen loves mushrooms yeah she's a
mushroom I I'm not super huge in
mushrooms they're mushrooms you know I
have no strong opinions on my breasts I
think that's where I am with the
mushroom issue I I do not I don't have
any negative feelings towards mushrooms
I
joy mushroom like you know if something
has mushrooms in it I won't
automatically not eat it at the same
time I don't necessarily seek out
mushrooms there's this really great
pizza that they have at this pizza place
that I love and it's a it's sausage
bacon pesto and mushrooms we come in
like that combination like the pesto and
the mushrooms and the sausage and the
bacon really work well together so you
know yeah I need a key or some bombs god
damnit not having much luck this run huh
you know my power I don't I don't know
what this Pope hat does I think the Pope
hat makes it more likely for me to get
blue hearts which is nice but less
chance to get bombs and other parts
apparently so like I don't have any
bombs or keys and I can really use
something carga wrath says here's a bit
of money for Rich's beanie baby
collection
none of us is rich if you were going
through all the tapes for putting them
on the wheel to ensure quality how did
you guys end up with so many stinkers JK
love you guys lol fluff my cuff we
actually talked about this
Wow oh my goodness here's the way I
screened the wheel tapes the only ones
that even get close to being screened
just the wheel tapes anything that's a
regular movie you know nothing about
what the wheel tapes to try and avoid
stinkers which didn't work I've been
watching just a little bit of the tape
before it goes on the wall back here and
the problem with this is so I can get
our honest reaction while filming I only
watch a little bit of the tape before I
decide whether or not err yea or nay
right so you get something like what was
one of them one of the rejects like the
nightmare and drug street right I turn
them off the minute something makes me
smile so we all agreed that the opening
line I'm dead hi I'm dead was great that
was a big part of the discussion that
was the first line of the tape and I saw
that I smiled that's exactly where I
turned the tape off well and you know
what you see you see like the cheap set
absolutely doctor dr. amaze OHS yep
doctor this hattington patented video
doctor amazing goes bat Mysterio's
patented video and that's the the
opening song it was great yeah
absolutely I stopped watching right
there when on the wall and what have the
tape is garbage yep there's no there's
no hundred percent guaranteed to find
like the perfect video right without
just watching the video like it's useful
for getting rid of something like
somebody sent us the tape once it was
like how to use a loom and you know you
see here that you think how do you use a
loom that's that's ridiculous now
that'll be a great tape to make them
watch how to use a loom that's absurd
and the video is literally just 60
minutes in all of
old woman wrapping a thread around a
loom and there's nothing you can discuss
it's just 40 minutes of a woman using a
loom shit like that's what goes yeah or
like a seminar seminar out of here yeah
out of here business business business
business business business
not a lot jokes we can mine right yeah
but there's there's just no guarantee
which is the the wheel giveth the wheel
taketh this is this is a real thing I
know that that was damaged up and fear
shot but I think if I reject the devil
room I get an angel room and I didn't
really want to give up my heart
containers because I didn't have a lot
and so I just didn't wanna yeah I know I
could have had for your shot whew shot
can work it and fear shot also isn't the
greatest I'm not super happy about fear
shot all the time Jeff and 86 says thank
you for making a difference in my life
you guys are just having fun but you
really do make a difference for those
who need some light in their life thank
you you're welcome
glad to be of service salute oh you
saluted oh I just saw you point here
yeah this cuz your heads in the game my
head's in the game rich and my head's in
the clouds honest question says epic
Jason X 9,000 videos only requires one
option to choose from okay in the
distant future which would you rather
prefer more Star Wars sequels or a third
Tron film a third Tron film as I'm
really I'm just not a super huge Star
Wars guy right you know I'm gonna I'm
gonna give a really boring answer yeah
whichever is a better movie to watch it
it does fair not matter the subject miss
fair movie does not matter
it's a Tron it's
it's a Star Wars it's another Marvel
movie if it's a fun movie to watch it
doesn't fucking matter the both the Tron
movies have their issues I liked the
second one yeah first one that's very
flawed but but for the time it works for
you could feel the sincerity behind the
jackass is making it and and and just
Jeff Bridges oh god right can it can
improve anything he's in absolutely
absolutely a hundred percent he makes
that movie work right so let's just all
agree that it doesn't really fucking
matter if they make a million Star Wars
movies as long as they're fun to watch
that's good because they're gonna make
million Star Wars movies yep sorry Jen
says speaking of seeing dumb things I
had a quick little follow-up for the
drawing of you since you've loved it so
much drawing requires sound we will look
at it later
you should be I'm sure you should be
anything that requires sound time city 5
says trying to tip but PayPal seems
somewhat broken at the moment sometimes
that happens will be five tips intended
to be a large one bear with me Baron
sure we'll hear more from dots 85 later
on
Gail Elias I don't know my Roman
numerals that is that is 14 though Gail
is 14
if Final Fantasy fans get make rich play
FF deal
can we get make rich not play FF deal -
I mean open market and all that
otherwise can this two dollars go
towards make FF fans paid more fund I
personally would be done with that but I
don't know feels immoral yeah no I mean
free market is free market but obviously
the market has already dictated that
they don't want rich to play Final
Fantasy enough so I don't think it's
anything you have to worry about the
free market has already spoken that
means I picked the right amount of money
yeah that means and yeah it would be it
would be weird if we were like okay
you've paid what was it nine hundred
ninety-eight dollars there 98 dollars
for each to play but now if someone else
pays twelve hundred dollars rich won't
play like that would be weird right so
you'll just have to if if someone does
pay that amount which of course they
won't let's let's be honest you'll just
have to you know suffer through Final
Fantasy her and I'm not going to talk
about it in the hopes that this goes
away and they forget entirely about
Final Fantasy perfect
30 X is rich I only keep the lizallen
argument going because I like that we
have something to talk about heart emoji
and Merry Christmas
Oh heart emoji so what you're saying is
should defrauding me to get attention to
yourself is what you're saying it sounds
like just it's just massive fraud
massive massive fraud this has strong
opinions about lizallen a parent
apparently he doesn't apparently he just
wants to get my attention
oh oh so so you know typical pyc says
hey Jack and rich you were stuck on a
deserted island and you could bring two
animals and one tool what would you
bring two animals and one tool stuck on
a desert island go okay one chicken two
second chicken so they could fuck and
make eggs
because I mean you need you need food
there's no guarantee of food on desert
island right whales are migratory right
whales yeah some some whales too couple
of whales and like a harness
alright couple whales in our harness I
doubt my prowess as a swimmer so really
for you a couple whales on an oxygen
tank that's true
hey fucking dive man we need so uh I'm
not I'm not I'm not committed to will
you just need something that's migratory
yeah and might might might have a
tendency to head towards land that's
what you need something you know that my
grades to a specific place
dolphin cuz they need oxygen yeah don't
well they still dive though they still
die right this is the you got you got
some issues here but I got the
beginnings of a plan
you just have a dead end I have a way to
survive that chicken men that's that's
that's what one lunch she could have
said like a fucking elephant I don't
last you know that'll last you there's
no way to preserve that chickens make
eggs constantly you that's why it's to
my plan is to chickens or you know a
chicken and a rooster I guess you know
first where's that--what's that chicken
eating to produce the eggs bugs and shit
chickens chickens find shit to eat man
do you have do you have worms and bugs
eat on the island might just be a
fucking rock well you know what then at
very least I'll have to I'll have two
meals well for or for you can't cuz you
can't have anything too large because it
won't keep
there's no the enemies don't have any
noises which really bothers me I don't
know what the deal is with the game
right now do you guys hear the enemies
making any noises oh that's a good one
again what is going on to sound here I
can't oh the sound effects are all the
way down that's what's going on that's
why dad sainty fob says guess I have to
wait a couple minutes between tips just
so you don't wonder why the tip seemed
cut off give it time
mokey b85 says hi wreckers Oh mokey a
solution to your wheel problem have one
person watch all the tapes select the
most appropriate types of wheel that
person doesn't participate in the
discussion as is viable no because we
have a lot of tapes and if you're going
to watch all of them this is a very long
project and we're constantly getting
more in you wouldn't be able to watch
them fast enough to keep it to keep up
with them right right that's true and we
have few enough people involved as it is
oh yeah yeah we can't there's no there's
no helpers and you need to you need to
find a way to streamline screening no
matter one I've talked about this for a
while like that that's what I used to do
for funnyordie.com is my job was the was
the screener yeah
I would watch videos uploaded by users
every single day to try to find quality
stuff and you know what after a while
you do obtain a bit of a sixth sense
over what will be good and what will be
bad and you just need to for time
because there's no way to review
everything and you know what sometimes
you're right and sometimes you're wrong
sometimes a video would have a super
strong start and I would watch the whole
thing in a minute it would end up to be
a dud mm-hmm I'm sure there were cases
that that I dismissed a video and it
ended up if I ended up being great but
that's the risk link young oh I got them
I got I got a great you you've got all
of the things I got a great power of
them let us a do it gives me double of
everything a my clear a room they gave
me two treasures when I clear a room
that sounds amazing and it's it's a very
handy powerup here's here's epic Jason X
9000 here's a fun fact
fun fact the director of Tron Legacy
John Kaczynski okay also made the
amazing amazing live-action fight like
hell commercial to doom 2016 and at some
point he was almost involved in the now
unofficially canceled reboot of Disney's
the black hole that's interesting
did you see the noclip doom yeah oh my
god if you guys have not and I know we
get a ton of tweets about everyone knows
about this go to know clip one word no
clips youtube channel and they have made
two amazing documentaries they made one
on rocket league and one on doom 2016
and Jebus are they fun to watch it's
good it's good really good documentaries
to be perfectly honest I think classic
era in probably would make for a more
interesting documentary but maybe that's
just me you know what maybe that was
there maybe that was their door I I
doubt it because hardly any of those
people are still involved with it like I
really like their rocket League when did
you watch it I have yet to watch it oh I
probably won't I want you to rocket
League 1 when I said damn this is a
really good little mini doc about rocket
League and then after their doom 1 I
started giving them money yeah because
it's like fuck these people need to just
keep making oh no I didn't want to do
that I'm a dummy I'm a dummy rich I'm
sorry that's all right I got my bomb so
it's ok
what I found interesting was originally
they were trying to avoid a heavy metal
soundtrack yeah what the fuck man
Dumas Dumas heavy metal they came to
their senses
I know they came to their senses and I'm
glad for it but Doom is totally fucking
metal yeah they were trying to do their
own thing like hey you know we don't
want to go too cheesy which was the
right call and they came to their senses
which is all that matters
my favorite part about it is that as
they were talking about you know
developing the story of doom the mythos
of do and they and and they said
something that that filled my heart with
joy which is well obviously we came up
with all the gameplay first and then we
tried to see how we could finish the
incident so they did it to the right way
oh the gameplay first it sounds like the
story came together really late in the
process - yeah and they made it work
well they made a fun they might have fun
as hell yeah wink and a nod great little
documentary noclip is the name of the
new youtube channel I gave him money I
gave I became a patron of theirs so they
can keep making you still alive so they
can keep making shit their rocket League
one is great too
Jake vanity success of either of you
played Xenogears if so what did you
think I've not played it I don't even
I've heard of it I don't really know
what it is isn't it a JRPG I'm surprised
you haven't given it a chance yet yep
yep no no your act you're 100% right you
are 100% 100 comic look comical percent
right great okay by the way by the way
you can only have 20 flies oh we have 20
flies at a time with this
this jar applies is a great power I'm
really happy with it but you can only
have 20 flies at a time that's important
to know Danny longlegs powerup we're
feeling good we're feeling good about my
powers right now I think I'm I mean I'm
definitely gonna be mom I feel bad I
feel mom beat coming on I don't know if
we can beat the womb yet but honestly
clapping well done check please finished
here is a second that I'm glad you guys
can be with me on there we're just here
we're all just here having a great time
I'll get to your tips complicated I got
I had several thousand if you can't hear
it that little oh my god is going off
constantly you guys are tipping like mad
tonight thank you yes thank you I know
we took we took I sure didn't miss one
we took Wednesday off did not sorry for
taking Wednesday off I think you won't
mind that we took Wednesday off when you
see what comes of it but I always do
hate taking days off mm-hmm sometimes it
happens sometimes it happens Oh galaxy
Isis the greatest tragedy of the modern
age
oh no is that rich heavens is the person
everyone wants to geek out with about
Star Wars and yet he doesn't really care
about Star Wars yes this thing's I'll
gig out with you about track yeah you
talk about Star Trek to talk about
season 3 of next gen which is like
anything Star Trek and all the other
things that like your old man your wife
50-year old man's like so don't worry
it's fine it's fine the original movies
were really good a couple of the video
games are pretty good yeah you know that
that's 85 says 105 hey you fucks it's
Christmas time that's why these here
tips will rhyme like poetry it's gonna
be great just kidding
knowing rich will hate on these old
memes which is pity Oh fine says what
she wants
scroll up you machine he's silly machine
let her are Khan says I saw a nightmare
on drug street as part of a health class
in high school it was mandatory and we
had to go through all of it it was
stupid and not in a good way and
destroying was justified Oh yep okay we
got to the car wreck that wasn't a car
wreck and it was like I'll fuck this
yeah off-screen oh that's all we had
that's all we had going for on that one
it's like oh I bet there's gonna be some
comical deaths yeah that's that's what
the hope was yep a trunk in a trunk
that's gonna be obnoxious to keys no no
these trunks don't take use oh great
trunks you can just open nevermind only
the golden truncated keys
I don't know Isaac it's okay you don't
have to you don't have to no Isaac yeah
you know I could come we have different
strengths and our that's true powers
combined that's eighty five says to a
five they just proved fans love your
witty comments jokes fun vids and
streams don't blame them you're a great
team loved watching all your streams on
Twitch wouldn't be worth it without jack
you get some you get some love Jack
that's very good gobbledygook says hey
guys I started a new planet with giant
mushrooms in the foundation update of no
man's sky new creative and survival
modes are super neato fellas
build your base and fly to the moon and
stars it's probably too little too late
and really if all this content is great
then why the fuck didn't no man sky ship
with some of the ship maybe maybe think
maybe they should have delayed a bit
maybe that's what needed to happen if
it's good now in that's if
oh this is great a great thing just
happened
oh yes
anonymous says I understand let me ask
you something very important is this
half-full or half-empty is it half full
or half empty no no no it's water I
don't know if I understand I'll be I'll
be really honest with you yeah just not
sure if I understand where this is going
you know it's fine that they pays the
money this is the thing dad city 5 says
3 or 5 and that awesome guy called rich
you distract me from other crap these
fronds they are good entertainers fuck
the TV other streamers radio and all
that stuff for me just prereqs good I'm
swinging enough there's an en but it
looks like it's cut off from something
enough sure thank you thank you sir Troy
sir Danforth sister Danforth hey gents
they're a copy of Aksum on the wall if
not I'll be sending one for best of the
worst also any plans for anymore board
game streams
I enjoyed the ones I've seen on youtubes
I would love to the the issue of the
board game streams is they are a
logistical nightmare because generally
the board game takes at least four
people to be good yeah
and just getting four people who know a
game don't mind being on camera don't
mind being on camera it's just it's
generally tough so I would love to do
more board game streams but they're just
gonna be tough to do oh great we're
rocking now looks like it I got I got
something that I forgot you could do if
you get three fly related items you turn
into a little fly and you can fly around
oh nice and
so now I get I can fly which is one of
the most powerful tools in all of Isaac
oh I didn't think and I think all grey
flies turn into friendly flies now so
what's down there Zelda watch yes we
talked with him that's what he was
trying I know I know
I'm kidding oh it's fine it's fine thing
and as far as is there a copy of Aksum
on the wall its have you seen how many
fucking tapes we have these are not
alphabetize this is nothing so I don't
fucking know that's you know what like
the same person who will watch all of
these will also import them into the
Excel spreadsheet that we keep talking
about that will never that will also
never happen I'm wondering if it's fair
to say we get about a hundred tapes a
month a hundred tapes a month possibly
that's very I mean there's a ton of
tapes here and yeah you've gotten rid of
a bunch of tapes well we haven't gotten
rid of doubles I haven't gotten rid of
movies the only things have gotten rid
of our wheel tapes that did not pass the
screening process for all the good
that's apparently worth but now
everything that's a movie unless we it's
a clear obvious double and we know the
other copy works then that goes
otherwise it all goes up there really
yeah the only movies I've thrown out are
people send us things that were like
Hollywood films right they're not
they're not really what we do like we're
not gonna be we're not gonna we're not
gonna do Jerry Maguire right right I can
do mr. Magoo we're not gonna do babe
even though I got a whole box that which
is babe really yeah we're gonna hold on
like a whole box it was like 30 copies I
didn't count them a lot of copies of
just babe babe babe
I gave one of my sisters yeah baby have
a baby
that's you know what that's strange you
guys you guys get a lot of strange
things here that that might take the
cake and then people still try and send
in things that look like they're dramas
I was like why would we we don't really
like how often if we done dramas
probably maybe I think they usually add
that shit I got like a miscellaneous
shelf okay so that's they're giving
money to the yeah to the shop that's 85
says four or five to get to the point
Merry Christmas right Merry Christmas oh
you your fans and even the chat to
everyone and our LM staff now that this
stuff has been said Merry Christmas o
dot city five five or five for New Year
I wish you wealth I wish you wealth much
love some great fun and good to health
and of course the best of luck now lol
just fucked my cock
thank you dots thank you much
Larry AK says I finished playing mgs 5
this week and the story is even worse
than you guys made it sound and I liked
the goofy stuff from the other games did
you know this game shipped without an
ending at that point I didn't really
care about the ending this I was totally
uninvested in the story so whatever it's
fun fun to go around in the stealth
world is my stuff good good good
mechanical game story wise it can you
can just go fuck itself the blue blazes
hey guys what games are you anticipating
for 2017 also rich out of you Jay and Mike
who outranks who sorry jack but we all
know your fourth no you know what Jack
is like seventh wheel here I'm behind
I'm behind you Jay and Mike
I'm behind Jessi I'm probably behind
Jillian and Laura stories between well
everybody knows we have a a rigid
military like command structure to an
actually I think that's what drives most
people away is our command structure but
you know what it saved us people from
making mistakes you know what here at
Red Letter Media it's all business and
everyone knows that would another fly
thing I am the Lord of the Flies I have
so many flight things Jeff and 86 says
if you dig a mix of heavy metal and
comedy check out Jared dines and YouTube
he's my brother
hashtag shameless plug Oh God
all right shameless plug it up man we
don't care how do we really feel about
pizza rolls I don't personally I think
they're a little bit disgusting oh I
fucking love them they're not my go-to
snack food but man I love them they're
great even as an adult I think they're
great
oh my god what was that mega heart
explosion thing would happen I was a
black heart a black heart is like a blue
heart where you don't need a heart
container uh-huh but when a black heart
is spent it hurts everything in the room
so very nice my cards are very nice to
get leftover beefcake says if we're
airing grievances yes my grievance is
that we didn't get enough games with
silly voices in them in 2016 oh you've
got plenty of I'm gonna be quiet can I
get a brief Jimmy Stewart slash Michael
Caine impression for old times sake why
would you want that
but you assured I'm somehow hard to get
into avoid I got to say Jimmy Stewart
before I do Jimmy Stewart oh why doesn't
work Jimmy what do we do when we fold
would you I can't I can't I guess all
you can do I've lost them and I tried to
get back oh my god it's mom already shit
yeah I've lost my Michael Caine what do
we do we'll be full let me tell you
something mr. Stewart you are not as
good actor as you once away and it sucks
man no my my Michael Caine has suffered
so if you gave away one of your flight
UM's if you even can you would lose the
power of flight or you would keep it now
I would keep it because I got a I got a
third one
or I got a fourth one that I cannot give
away okay okay but I believe can it's
possible I believe if I could give one
up I would lose the power of flight
and well but now I just got flight again
do I want to kill this thing I don't
think I came in
what is it just an angel it's an angel
so later in the game yeah if you if I
put a bomb here I fight the angel and I
get half of a key and then if I fight
another angel I get another half of a
key and that's how I can fight mega
Satan let's see if we can know okay I
cannot yet fight mega satan and that's
fine anonymous it says anonymous says
rich is a cool cat you are okay
strange I never thought I would be
described as cool that's always totally
cool Kevin this bizarre like okay boy
okay grab the guard says rich and/or
Jack please give us your best impression
of Robin Williams screaming good morning
Bedford Falls because art I can't do a
Robin Williams so I really can't
that was the clothes I just did it that
was as close as I can get I don't know
what Bedford Falls is there's a it's a
wonderful life City
oh I could be wrong yeah the only like
Robin Williams impression anyone can do
is like this super fast talking one yeah
so boring but furred Falls I can't I
gotta said Jimmy Stewart before it's
even close did you be Stuart good good
morning but Bedford Falls well your
money's not here it's with Clarence I
don't have your money the bank doesn't
have her money it's it it's in Tommy's
house and it's in mayor of Belle's house
which I she stole you're not one oh I
couldn't help you there ah good morning
Bradford Falls I gotta watch me some
miss in wonderful life tonight yeah yeah
never been huge on it's a wonderful life
i I didn't first say it till someone
raised
I guess it's been a while in the how
about I didn't watch it much when I was
younger but saw it recently isn't it all
loved it absolutely loved it really I'm
super into schmaltz
especially oh I'm like the cane great
especially this time of year I mean what
are you yeah Cathy said I will keep this
reusable fly generator that's really
funny I you can have a reasonable fly
generator or a reusable fly generator I
would do the same thing well mine my jar
gives me a fly every time I kill an
enemy yeah up to 20 and then I can get
25 this one yeah gives me a random
number of flies somewhere between 1 and
5 every time I clear a room okay better
off with the when you got probably it
but this one I can use I can use
batteries to recharge and so you can get
ton of fly though I'm gonna keep with
the jar flies though just because I'm
having a fly run and look I seem to be
doing pretty well with it yeah yeah so
why mess why mess with what ain't broken
boom we're kind of killing at this run
it looks like it
so those mom's hands was evident yeah
mom's hands those be mom's hands and
much like Zelda if they grab you they
shoot you out of the room ah I shoot out
of the room and you have to replay that
room was that item you skipped oh that's
a Hoover and it just makes you faster
yeah and I don't necessarily want to be
faster I have a good movement speed
right now I just want to keep that open
oh okay okay
not a huge E I could take it it would
make me faster but do you have so many
items pots is it Maxim oh I mean I could
take it and I could swap it out whenever
I get another thing but it's just like
yeah why I think it just makes me faster
okay
yeah just speed up it's a goat hoof to
be specific a Satan off oh mr flibble 9
says hey rich have you ever heard of or
watched Red Dwarf
the British comedies sent on a mining
ship and it's great sci-fi - I've heard
of it I only watched a little bit of it
I didn't super get into it but I didn't
hate it either
it's a very specific kind of humor that
Red Dwarf I've seen a few episodes never
really got into it but like it's so
British more than that nothing wrong
with that no this is some British you
can't understand what the fuck people
are saying that it's a drawback so I
couldn't get into the British office oh
yeah yeah it's like what the fuck are
you saying this is to dialogue dependent
for me to not understand what they're
saying clearly it's not working as well
as it could
the second part of that says Jack I'm
Jack I like it when you're on best the
worst slash Arlen videos I like it when
I'm on both doors - don't listen to
haters never do we've all got our haters
that's true
don't worry I never do I like I like
being on these best of the worst is so
much fun like you know it's sometimes
sometimes we have a bad time sometimes
we watch movies that absolutely suck
like like somebody in our YouTube
comments yeah it's like blaming me
personally for Hilary's loss and not and
not you know Hillary and now the myriad
of other reason yeah right it's my fault
you're personally absolutely oh I'm with
you so you know just ignore it
ya know it's you know I mean I moderate
our YouTube channel a prereq YouTube
channel yeah and every single video here
here's here's a real thing every single
bit like our videos go live at noon
Central Time yeah the moment it goes
live there's a thumbs down on that video
yeah I guarantee someone subscribes to
us purely two thumbs down our videos I
don't know why someone mentions every
single video that they hate listening to
me even though I'm on every video is I
have been tempted to just ban that
person cuz I'm getting sick of it but
then you would get the blame and so I I
haven't no it's you know what and I
don't care like they're they're
commenting I'm affecting them enough
where they feel like they have to they
can have to comment and that's that's
affecting them in a real way and I think
that's great
so fucking I've been doing this for way
too long I've been doing this longer
longer than bread then I've been doing
with red letter media making videos oh
yeah I can deal with people it gets a
little creepy sometimes
oh we're unlocking I'll sort this shit
now great great the average says you
don't like Star Wars that much you mean
to tell me you went a droid off and a
Darth Vader mask just for the pageviews
now that video has no sincerity Oh choke
my aspirations how dare you as a video
producer makes something that was funny
I know they were being funny they were
being funny as well yeah it was a joke
it was I get it I get it
nunim says 40 Cal that's always 9 Millie
with the green dot two guns so that's
two buttons at the same time like a
screen shot rich here's a software doc
what 40 Cal that's always nine milli
with the green dot two guns so that's
two buttons at the same time like a
screen shot rich here's an eID software
doc okay
oh the in software documentary that
sounds great I have no idea what the
fuck you said otherwise though but thank
you for the tip Michael the grave says
so that's got an F of it
happy holidays slash new year almost Oh
happy holidays Happy New Year's with
2017 looming what are your favorite
movies of the year
personally I loved arrival and swiss
army man Cheers never happy 2017 I've
heard really great things about a rival
I have yet to see the Swiss Army man
would be my top man I had a lot of fun
watching that I just don't honestly I
don't go to see that many movies
oddly enough yeah yeah I usually don't
bother going and there's a few maybe
like one or two movies a year but I
wanted to see that but usually you know
we don't have magret you want to be a
part of it I'm gonna say it with you
that's usually how I end up saying
movies what's fair what even came out
this year Swiss Army wanna know the
favor years no I mean so much shit came
out this year I was Civil War all right
Civil War was a little bit all right not
my faves but a little bit all right is
that a meat cube by the way yes I have a
mean cube better rough reference
reference yeah and if I if I actually
there's a few Super Meat Boy references
yes and if I get I'll see like here's
one of those things where if I would
have had the cat head yeah I could have
clicked it got some fly think it is got
supplies 500 rainbow thing
wonder what does well that's fine
everyone seems like a rival I've heard
great things about a rival oh sure yeah
sure I'll get around to saying it
eventually most of my most of my
viewings done on like Netflix or
something Deadpool I haven't see
Deadpool yet you haven't seen dead boy I
mean Deadpool was great that's 85 Suns
just be happy let's just be all be happy
that some really good movies came out
this year okay that's what you're
thankful I'm thankful for my my cousin
is in the directors guild yeah and I
will be seeing him around Christmastime
and he usually brings with him a bunch
of screeners cuz you know he's in the
guild so he gets all the screeners to
vote on for the Oscars yeah so usually I
get to see some fun movies around the
holiday time ice so maybe maybe he'll
bring a rifle that would be nice shoot
missiles Jack little missiles yeah yeah
they're the penet rivet so they go
through people because they go which is
incredibly helpful so we're kind of
rocking it at the moment I'm doing like
mega damage what you're saying is you're
just dominating yeah you're dominating
everything and everyone we're having a
good time we are having a good time
right now
dad said e5 says was one large crappy
poem guess it got butchered by the tip
system removing line breaks and killing
special characters oh well shit happens
stop hating Star Wars by the way we
understand that you got butchered by the
tip system we appreciate it thank you
for thinking about it it's all good
it is all good can't you pick those up
but you're harmful you're full you get
full of soul hearts I'm full of
everything you only get two rows oh so
if you if you were like a new heart
container you can't pick it up well if I
get a new red heart container it
replaces it replaces a blue one but I
can't I can't pick up anymore
which is fine cuz you know like if I get
hurt I'll just come back to this room
yeah yeah but uh and I think actually
this is it this is my final this is the
final level no mega Satan no I haven't
beaten mom's heart yet okay I think is
this I think this is mom's heart so oh
now I get the key come on guys I'm
getting to your tips god dammit I got
80,000 tips today we're working our way
there we can only do so much God with me
I got I got three people before your
next one and I'm not skipping over them
damn it we we haven't forgot about you
we won't forget about you cool trainer
ly hindi says hey rich hey Jack how much
would your opinions of Adam Sandler
change if you found out his movies were
iconic ironic satire all along a very
little very little cuz they did a poor
job of being satirical if nobody got
that it was satire yeah yeah like is it
the funniest joke in the world if no one
gets it the answer is no by the way so
wasn't it Andy Kaufman's problem they
didn't get it until it was too late yeah
toggling schmuck says Jack I your Jimmy
Stewart sounds like turgeau from menos
the hands of fate
I approve I've never seen Manos the hand
of an offense so so dare you not have
she knows everybody watched him but
every episode of Mystery Science Theater
3000 everyone did you know that because
I'm the worst at everything and I wish I
would go away well that's all right I
have the mask of infamy they can't hurt
mom oh I guess they can everything
what can't hurt you I have this mask on
my face that deflects shots hit directly
at my face
ah so like a lot of these shots should
be hitting me but aren't because I have
the mask I'm still dodging anyway just
because I probably should but cuz you're
a professional cuz I'm a professional
right great work jack great work oh oh I
can't go up well what's in the chest
first don't go up you have a chest ends
it Oh
HSN's it shit I'm going up chest ends it
we're good oh shit I didn't know I could
go up this is turned into this just
turned into a real run oh shit oh shit I
am on boom
mokey bead 5 says ok ok
amendment to my wheel solution work in
shifts someone watches tapes until 8:00
appropriate tapes are found they don't
participate discusses then someone else
takes over or destroying the wheel
that's a lot of complicated shit that
we're not gonna do and if you think my
Kiche are gonna waste any time screaming
we look for worst tapes you got you got
you got another thing coming fella
guy oh listen here Sonny Jim I already
you fuck well that could have gone
better I presume yeah yeah we're in the
real shit now yeah we're in the real
weeds now you know I understand what
you're saying
yeah and it's it's the question for any
small business yeah is when to expand
your workforce
obviously expanding your workforce means
spending more money and there are
inherent risks involved with that did
you find somebody you trust the screen
tapes properly right in the area here's
a problem with us expanding our
workforce yeah what what makes our line
work why wait why everyone who watches
it feels like they're hanging out with
friends and I think a lot of that is
because we are actually friends right
we're not just a group of co-workers
that's true you know we knew each other
before this shit yeah and we are close
friends can't just hire someone to bring
them into that it's not gonna work rich
is absolutely correct and so yeah like
that trust factor would be all out of
whack
gobbledygook sense gobbledygook see it's
your turn
hearts of iron for expansion just came
out and it is so fun
great 13 new achievements to drain my
soul I have no idea right
thanks again happy birthdays guys and
I'll marinade my mushroom PS yeah DCUO
on ps4 is free you fucks I've heard I've
heard that I've heard it somewhere
before
I've got $91 you know we're doing great
you're doing great
what's that little fucker want he takes
a random amount of coins and then gives
you shit oh and you just got a key that
doesn't seem like it was worth it well
but there's there's no shops when you're
this far up and so oh here we go look at
that boom right hard container boom I'll
give you a good shit sometimes
Varya r-77 says sorry oh hey you guys
enjoy this music video for Miami
connection I just found thank you for
all the entertainment and happy holiday
serves thank you I'll watch that later
man
you know Christmas is not my favorite
holiday it's never meant a lot to me
yeah but there is a feeling in the air
in this season yeah
there is a feeling I there used to be I
think there still is it's no Halloween I
love Halloween how long it's my favorite
holiday
Bar None but I still I still get like a
tingling I have too many dead relatives
for Christmas to mean the same thing
and Christmas is still fine Christmas is
still fine
I've just never really cared about
Christmas in general it'd be different
if Karen were super into Christmas yeah
she's not her mother wasn't because I
think I'm her mother's father died
around Christmas I think yeah okay so
she you know she was never really big
into Christmas yeah that'll do it yeah
no not like I'm not I've never been into
Christmas I think I think like the the
the whole that like the Santa Claus
thing never made sense to me
I personally don't like it and I think
I've told this story before I did not
want like to tell my kids about Santa
Claus yeah Lisa convinced me like no
every other kid's gonna know about Santa
how do you deal with that hypocrisy
exactly that's the problem so you wanted
to I was curious about this I wanted to
i-i've wanted to just be like hey it's
annual gift-giving day and you know
we're gonna give you some presents and
you should give other people presents -
are you worried there's gonna come a day
when your kids are gonna say you know
Rory already gave us the the God talk he
gave us the guitar the God talk the the
you know God's made um oh sure sure I
was honest I was honest with them yeah
your eyes with my bap
and so what was broken in Santa Clause
say but Santa Santa Clause you guys
believe in them yeah yeah what was up
what's up man that might that might come
up you know I'm hoping that I can just
spin it as listen it was fun you enjoyed
it you had a good time and it didn't
really have the moral consequence
say sure others did and I don't think
they would be mad at me
like for lying to them about Santa Claus
button I don't I didn't want to do it I
agree with my wife though that you know
listen like Santa Claus is a thing that
is going to see I didn't really care as
long as I got fucking presents yes I
remember this these are great it's a
great item to get these things fucking
murder what the fuck are those the
pennies for tears and they're gonna just
murder what do they do I think they're
more powerful and it might be tied to
how many coins I have which means a year
super super powerful which means I'm a
mega I'm a super star which means I'm
not even gonna go to the boss and I'm
gonna try to loot these rooms first this
is the final boss coming up like the
final final boss I believe this is the
final final boss of all bosses that you
can possibly get in the game not in the
game as far as far as I can get right
now okay this is as far as I can go like
a pig and shit jack pig and shit love
this game so fucking much this is it
this like I've said this before this is
my desert island game this is the game
that I could replay over and over and
over again and for afterbirth Plus which
is coming out soon they're opening up
mod tools for people to make their own
items their own levels like they're
they're opening a lot of shit up to the
community just because you know like
they're done with it yeah okay you guys
you guys have the wheel now which you
know for someone who plays as much as I
do it's fantastic I just wish it would
come what do you say to those bones well
we don't need the heart well I was
checking sometimes rocks have little X's
on them yeah and if I came across a rock
with a little half a little X on it it
might have an increased damage thing
it doesn't calm I'm looking at I know
you know I got super green
I'm not super worried if you notice in
the lower right hand corner I have a
pill that says full health so if I do
lose a bunch of Hearts I can just pull
help it I'm gonna go to the boss like
I'm getting super greedy crocodile brain
says hey guys did you see the view count
on the 7th guest streamer ivory watched
it so many times now it may be my
favorite prereq stream of all time
thanks for suffering through it happy
holidays know now you know everyone No
thank you saying it was high enjoyed
that stream everyone else miserable
watching that stream you know I I
rewatched it cuz I cut those up recently
yeah for YouTube and like I could see
how it would both be enjoyable and
frustrating because a lot of it like I
was cutting up the part or do you
remember the can puzzle yeah but you got
spoiled and I didn't know many words
yeah
and I could just see someone being like
fucking no your words your words did
City forces Jack I've heard you're good
friends yet I've never seen you in the
same room together would you happen to
know if fuck bought five thousand does
children parties oh well fuck my
resistor break tits tits tits they're
just intense at the end of that okay I
don't see fight Isaac
I'm not using my item properly
this is this is epic this is it I'm
gonna be quiet no fuck BOTS and I are
not good friends he's not good fuck
about 5,000 is no good friends with
anyone because you know just rapes
things so fuck about 5,000 has no
friends I thought he was dead fuck about
5,000 is is in sleep mode hibernation
mode as far as I know fuck about 5,000
is in hibernation mode and that's good
that was a good run that was a good run
felt good about that but you guys can't
hear the game why can you not hear the
game no we want me to do to do I didn't
that's the thing
display audio
oh I'm sorry if you guys can't hear the
game we did tell you I will rich I
didn't sing oh we didn't see it
hold on I will see if I can fix this
a jeep a J pimp salsas Jack story of
YouTube losers reminds me wait he says
you're starting YouTube losers
here's five bucks for continuing the
Jesus Christ shut up already you fucking
losers series looking forward to your
next dose of humble pie for these wusses
okay now you should be able to hear game
audio yes no yes chat we've we've seen
the millions of posts about how the the
dog-sitter guy was in the beanie baby
video it's it's a little bit too late
than do anything about it now it's
deafening it's deafening now it should
be good game audio is on great all right
great
now we're good to go yeah these
challenges go forward go forward did you
know that dumb what that the the guy
from the dog sitter video who intruded
yes I didn't know well you know what we
know it at the time and for and I didn't
see the dog sitter video I was not part
of that I did but it was like over a
year ago at this point beans it's on the
cards what's fun that's a fun one I
don't fucking know oh there's extra oh
my god there's extra ones I think
computer savvy is a fun one
we're gonna do a fun challenge
computer-savvy is easy because you get
all of the we have this from before so
what's the challenge specifically uh
they just give you different powers out
so you instead of getting powers you
start with some this one's super fun
because I get the laser eyes and spoon
bender which means the lasers
automatically lock on do you can you get
other items or is this just like easy
mode no there's just there's there's a
this one in particular is kind of easy
mode okay just because these items are
awesome I actually don't think oh yeah
they're so there are no there are no
other rooms you can get I think it's
been a while since I've done the
challenges I'll be honest with you okay
the_last_rias is jay arm yeah a
Christmas tip for ye lads also no
spoilers but I saw rogue one yesterday
and I absolutely hated it
looking forward to the rlm discussion
though maybe I'm wrong lol war my
Christmas yeah I mean I think rich and
I've been pretty clear about our not
also liking it
yeah so I am very curious to see the
episode though I'm curious to see what
you guys have to say about it in full
big discussion yeah I believe it they
okay yeah so there are no power of rooms
this is it okay and already I'm kind of
failing so you're not really gonna get
more hearts no you can like you know you
can get hurt so well not like hard
containers right like I still think I
get power-ups from the bosses maybe hmm
we'll see we'll see like I said it's I
have all of these beaten on on my Vita
right does he like it isn't that fun how
kind of like do 'pls around and gets
both of them get out the corner you dick
got that corner Sean says John I can't
believe you did not skip over everyone
to read this tip this this is note is
probably no longer topical now oh wow
I'm sorry what is the hold and sauces
wrench
I noticed the Christmas tree in the
background is still standing did you
have a rage did you have a rage free
best of the worst this year merry
resistance yes I did because I would
never largely just be repeating the same
joke yeah that wouldn't be any fun like
everyone wants to show his pizza bear to
show up again like we did that we did
that we needed to find new things oh
shit I wasn't paying attention I just
started spraying into the Roman Health's
eautiful I think I blew oh well any more
you don't fucking dumbass I shoot
everything survey the room first then
start shooting I started shooting first
a Weissach oh wise ik I love you
sorry Jen says burn that's freezing
oh no well to be 55 degrees is
considered freezing oh shut your mouth
fuck off fuck the hell off so you know
it was today you know what was it was
that I supposed to get down to minus 7
yeah you know which foot we have outside
a fucking foot of snow the fun fucking
snow the last three fucking days
yeah oh my back's killing me from other
shoveling y'all usually prefer warmer or
cooler climates lol jingle my bells fuck
off
yes warmer climates before warmer
climates yes Oh Oh is there a chin now
you know I I do like the cold weather in
general the shoveling obviously sucks
but that's part of it I love sledding
took my boy sledding this weekend we had
a great time until one of them hit a
tree but you know overall I still don't
like the cold weather chat saying does
road 1 make us appreciate Lucas
no no makes me appreciate JJ Abrams's
you sure look whatever whatever problems
rogue one may or may not have ain't got
shit on the prequels for fucking
problems hey God just shit preach it
ain't got shit on the prequels e ^ 3
says for Jax kids from Santa yeah that's
always a project that the tip oh yeah no
you know like when's the last time you
saw a new hope yes it's been a while
it's not a while at this point what's
very interesting is a new hope is
actually a pretty slow and boring movie
yeah it's still you know like it's
simple it has it has its hero art but
it's it's generally speaking pretty slow
but put Lucas with the prequels and the
holy holy moly that's obviously rogue
one seems more nuanced then episode 700
is that what they're gonna say about it
in what way that's what they're gonna
tell themselves it's for nuanced because
it's violent like Saving Private Ryan
was that makes it nuanced I some of the
scenes that were a little more
militarized were kind of neat that's not
nuanced I wouldn't necessarily call that
new I'd like a character I gave a shit
about still nowhere near as bad as the
prequels think I'm on the prequels nice
to have a character arc one character
they cared about but the blind guy is
badass
Jack that's that's something you care
about oh yeah that one that one scene
where he did that badass thing was
really I liked his thing at the end yeah
yeah I liked him he was fine he was fine
he did that badass thing that I didn't
you know whatever whatever
people came to the beat
ah so much in the world gin has a
character her character arc is okay now
I actually do want to blow up the thing
that's her character for what no no Jin
has Jin has a character deviation she
does not have an arc she's going this
way and then she turns and goes this way
that's not an arc damn it you people you
Star Wars people insulin King 2016 says
hey Jack hey rich
did you see Anthony Hopkins is in the
new Transformers movie is it bad that I
think I'll go see it can Hopkins save a
product like this no he can't but if you
want to go see it if you think it'll be
entertaining enjoy yourself don't care
I'm a bear one in the chat says riches
as a Star Trek fan what do you think of
Galaxy Quest fun homage slash parody
Galaxy Quest is really fun yeah it
really is cowlick x is good do you have
any big box shopping that's right big
box shopping cults in Milwaukee that you
belong to cults
I'm not sure who to trust Sam's Club or
Costco oh yeah I hear in 2017 they will
make shopping great again around here
any opinions hi there's one Sam's Club
around here sir Costco up here not near
like there's a Costco like 45 minutes
away I've been there a couple times
that's fine
hey those are all of those like pay for
membership big box yes it's always the
greatest first shopping trip you'll ever
have yeah oh
my god I can buy 20 cans of beans and
then you'll just never go back because
the grocery stores closer yeah yeah you
know I never
that's usually what happens I think I've
been like a member of box stores before
in the past and you know I'll just
forget T C brainy 133 says baby Jesus is
an asshole
hey sir Danforth says I enjoy watching
streams to see if I'd enjoy a game ever
hear of steamworld heist just popped up
on my Steam Q it says it's XCOM inspired
but you manually aim your shots sounds
interesting I don't know about the
manual aiming your shots and yeah I
looked into that after I had a really
fun time with steam world's what was the
steam world game that I played I don't
recall I don't recall what was I played
one of the steam world games steam
world's chat jet you have to be my
memory now what steam what steam world
game did I plays hi I played I play I
played it yeah it's great so that was
the one you played very memorable and
you remember that you're a robot
yeah that's you're the robot on the
spaceships and you got to like move your
troops in but then you had to kind of
manually I think I kind of remember that
it's it's ex time for Jack I don't think
rich would like it because it would it
doesn't have the tactic it doesn't have
the full tactical yeah nuances that an
ex-con would have yeah but for someone
like me I really enjoyed it because it
was it was very simple
the not manual aiming for me is very
important because you're trying to
influence
to get a better shot if you're manually
aiming that that all goes out the
fucking window
right so I I liked it it's not a
tactical exercise at that point it's a
skill exercise which isn't necessarily a
bad thing but I wouldn't say it was like
XCOM it has XCOM like elements but you
know like XCOM is it makes it
fundamentally different from XCOM if
you're trying to make that comparison
that's fair yeah
but not necessarily bad right those be
like doom you aim and boom and I know
what's the different experiences I'm not
trying to compare doing my next job yeah
that was a fun game I liked that I
played it a lot I beat it on the DS
great game on the DSi I was thinking
about getting the DLC and just never got
around to it and still on King 2016 says
hey guys I just rewatched the Elend best
of the worst curious how it was behind
the scenes with you having ripped apart
his films was that awkward he seems to
half mumble throughout the episode just
curious it was very awkward that way
it's apart his last film but he was
super cool about it he was a good it was
a great guy
Len was and is a great guy he was
especially a little hostile towards me
because I think I might have been the
harshest on him towards these movies but
even though even though we made fun of
his movies he was still a super cool guy
like you know before we met him we said
we didn't know what was gonna happen
right I was half expecting you know him
to wait for us to do by his flight get
that all booked and then just not show
up as a fuck you sure I half expected he
didn't do it
so which is better the S or the other
I'm going this one because like I seem
to get a more variation what's that one
oh that doesn't do anything right like
this seems to give me a little more
variation then yeah yeah
lost in technicolor says just water to
interrupt godly looks real quick you
have a merry Columbus everyone that
Columbus what are you sing chrimbus have
a Merry Christmas Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas everyone was either joke there
holiday that's not Christmas they have a
chrimbus special like okay I made a hole
that's great and it's great seems like
you're kicking ass this run - yeah yeah
this is just a challenge like we like we
said earlier where it's like challenge
that doesn't seem to be much of a
challenge for you Jake chose an easy one
I chose an easy one to start with there
are there are much harder ones
sorry chances speaking of a here's a tip
hoping you watch this right now
because I may be leaving for dinner soon
don't worry it's only 15 seconds
q link of Totoro screenplay quality
quality Totoro screaming which is
actually just rich Evan saying sir sorry
like that shit the chat that's quality
that's funny that's very fun dirty
I'd like it myself but this is a fucking
touchpad I don't know how to do this how
do you highlight

[Part II]
how do you highlight shit with how do
you do anything with a fucking touch pan
I'll be honest with you rich I don't I
don't know how to do it on the windows I
just don't know how to do it now I can't
right click oh my god this is terrible
I don't want to listen to it again I
want to listen to it again but not right
now
where's jetted why not Chatty open on
her why don't I have Chatty open on her
I had the the web browser oh okay it's
just in the other tab yeah there's
probably chatty in her know they really
redid how the dashboard works sometimes
I just wanted to test that out I
forgetting I'm forgetting that you were
forgetting that you were the one who was
it's all fine it's all fine I forgot
that you were gonna be the one having
the laptop today so I was like oh I want
to check out the new we've got an
upgraded updated dashboard which might
give us some more controls right out of
the box instead of having to go through
a third party software chatty even
though we like chatty a lot and use it
oh good so do you just stand there and
hit the button you know this is I'm not
saying I'm not saying this is a hard
challenge that's why I chose this one
because I let me say well that was easy
you already kicked the games but I'm
streams they're enough lately you're not
starting off your ending light your
ending your ending as a badass now I'm
just gonna be any bigger badass you just
show it off Jack you show it off
motherfucker
renegade Kira says Jack ah thanks for
the great year of prereq great episodes
and streams throughout the year really
help keep my sanity in check keep up the
great work
oh and rich is cool too I guess
oh yeah rich is cool too I agree I agree
I have you know I think we did some fine
episodes this year I'm pretty happy with
a lot of them up upsetting that the one
that I wanted to get done that is just
not gonna happen due to time is our Year
in Review
I was really hoping we'd get a year in
review and it's just fine
oh I and we've never done one before but
it there were some games that I
particularly wanted to talk about we we
could still do one we could still do one
just have it come out next year come out
in February here's a fuckin miss in the
last 12 months present last 13 months so
fucking arbitrary arbitrary well you
know you that's just when people do
end-of-the-year stuff it's at the end of
the year I'm just February in review
just February although all of February
okay zank is wack says Jack here's some
dollar to go duplicate your keys and
make both you and your wife happy chat
yeah chat + future YouTube people for
context see the August 24th rocket
league stream and their recourse stream
you're clever enough to sneak through
Africa but won't be smart about this
you're too nice a man to be so stubborn
about this anyways everything else is
fine Merry Christmas
you nuts oh I I'm what I'm thinking that
is someone asked someone asked us things
we didn't like about our significant
others and I made an offhand comment
there's like sometimes Lucy doesn't
return the car keys ah the special key
area yes there's a very minor
right that I have about it I was like we
have a special a whole special key thing
right and she often does not return it
to the key area and so that's money to
get keys duplicated so we no longer have
to fight about keys which we don't fight
about nice quick we do our own gamer
warn somebody of the chance mentioning
that it's not a bad idea our own game
your own game Awards so we just so we
can have like Last Guardian B worst game
of the year but uncharted 4 also came
out ask about that oh my god they'll
have the nominees for worst game it'll
be those what was the The Last of Us
remastered that was years ago remastered
that wasn't this year that was like
multiple years ago right yeah the
remastered one yeah
yeah I have no I don't I don't clearly
recollect when that came on there's
somebody it's so so much to go around
did we I mean I am but according to
YouTube comments were its we were pretty
wrong about the Last Guardian you know
no we weren't we got it wrong we I think
we missed a lot of nuance in the
Guardian thing they kept bitching about
story comments paying no attention to
our primary gripe which was gameplay
being dull yeah because that doesn't
matter to these people they had their
art their art cannot be besmirched
that's true that's true you didn't
understand the story no I understand you
saying give a shit yeah we perfectly
understood the story didn't understand
it it's weighted like a good bet your
Kaede probably like games like Mario as
if there was something wrong with that
even if we only liked Mario games is it
as if that was somehow wrong of course
what a bunch of jackasses sometimes
sometimes man sometimes sometimes people
are dicks you only like Call of Duty
that was a comment I read because we you
know how much we gosh about calling like
all the time especially me and the
multiplayer shooters
why do you assume that people who don't
enjoy and don't enjoy oh god damn it
chap you're always scrolling past but I
can read it it stops rolling I can't see
that coming ever
unless I'm reading it wrong I'm assuming
they they don't enjoy non story based
games because they put down game II
games like doom and and at Mario right
it's not sophisticated enough for their
superior tastes I think I believe that's
the gist of it yeah and I could be
reading it wrong as like I said that
you're coming scrolled up further than I
could read it when I was in the middle
of reading those people those kind of
people who make those comments in
general that's how that's what I feel
like is ya know this you can only drink
right right how dare you drinking wine
that's only aged to five years go fuck
yourself you pressure pretty much yeah
yeah there's some there's some high
level snobbery
I feel richest trouble with technology
know that Chad I'm reading is being used
by Jack he said we got two monitors and
I can't scroll up without turning the
game off right and this yeah that's all
right sorry I messed up
doesn't like Star Wars isn't like last
Guardian doesn't like Batman vs Superman
yeah the last - yes Star Wars I'm just
not in love with Star Wars is okay the
original trilogy is great Empire Strikes
Back when the best movies ever fucking
made Han Solo love Han Solo
didn't care much for the prequels why
you didn't didn't didn't care much for
the the what do they call it the
expanded universe all right yeah all the
books and shit all the books you shit
yeah
chantix 20 says slowly and crouching on
1 million views any big plans or just
winging it as usual I just wanted you
know is weighted we're what they're no
big plans for a million views
we're excited 4 million individuals not
like accumulated views you know that's
true because we've been doing it like
three years now Jesus Christ Jesus
Christ adds up but I mean we're we're
we're rolling our beefcake you know just
mentioned like you know we're up to
60,000 subscribers on YouTube yeah which
is pretty good yeah yeah that's that's
not bad at all we have something like
over 20,000 subscribers here on Twitch
we're doing I'm not not complaining
about how we're doing I'm not
complaining I'm just so we have over 11
million views yep on our YouTube channel
we got some we got some stuff well let
me 11 million in YouTube yeah that's
interesting that's interesting that's
pitch black she's the curse of the
darkness every level now if you asked me
I would have thought that 1 million was
just our views on YouTube like our
highest viewed video is still the force
awakens discussion isn't it it might be
no actually maybe I'll fuck you yeah
maybe that is our eyes or that or the I
think the order was still up there that
and uh Metal Gear it did pretty well
doom did pretty well
well you know there's we got something
to do well some that don't this is a
different challenge huh
yeah this is the pitch-black challenge
and I believe the challenges I'm cursed
I have the curse of darkness every room
so I don't know how much health I
currently have ah and I think I also
don't know yep okay so I think I never
know how much health I have is the okay
challenge and and the screen looks a
little darker or is that just me it just
could be the fire in here yeah
insulin King 2016 says you know want to
send a bad Christian movie it's one of
the funniest worst vids I've seen it's
ridiculous this is based in religious
morals however would you avoid a movie
that forced you to go into that just
wondering we try to avoid the Christian
film stuff if the only joking around is
gonna be haha Christians we have no
interest in doing that
yeah like the SOS video that had some
that was its own special kind of insane
yeah that had weird foreign stuff that
had yeah music that had cheesy
production value like there was stuff
head talkable colty kind of religious
stop right where you are going to live
in the woods and not shop at
supermarkets exactly there was stuff we
could delve into that wasn't just hi
Jesus right so so that's the big
determining determining factor with any
sort of religious bad movies what are
the jokes we will make fun of production
values but if the thrust of it is the
things they say they're Christian and
that's stupid and I'm gonna do unless
it's crazy
really really I'm full of hearts
but you say you care about gameplay only
you said before that you don't care to
play games with anime writing so why
would that matter t of the gameplay was
kick-ass despite bad writing it would
affect my just shopping and looking at
it like not knowing much it would be
affected like an understood sure but Dad
but perhaps maybe there's an example of
something you've talked about before
that maybe had an anime type writing but
kick-ass gameplay that you've really
enjoyed this has happened well I was on
a zone of the enders you could you could
argue No More Heroes I'd say that that's
got more of a punk sensibility than an
anime since it's got animations
abilities but it's all unlike done in
parody yeah so but I'm sure they're
talking about Final Fantasy oh I
historically have not liked JRPGs you
know I know the gameplays different now
that doesn't mean I'm excited to run out
and give it a try
yeah anymore you got to really sell me
on the gameplay if you want me to get
excited about that shit yeah yeah no and
it looks weird because the story is much
of anime shit I don't care about then
the gameplay has to be really good right
and I am just judging it as a game at
that point a game that you have to
sometimes not listen to what you're
selling it's an amazing story
like Metal Gear Solid 5 which you know
what probably would have liked a lot
more if I cared about what was going on
story can help you enjoy a game like I
said I don't I don't hate the concept of
having a story in a game but you need
the game needs to come further needs to
be a game that the story is built around
yeah yeah it's a good story good
storytelling good atmosphere they can
heighten an already existing decent game
oh you know and you know like they can
not only heighten it but you know the
theming of the gameplay can enhance that
story much like
you know something like shadow the
classes yeah where you know it's all
about defeating a demons are you the
real monster dealing you know like
dealing with the the grief and loss of
someone and and it kind of mirrors in
the gameplay that's what made shadow of
the classes like that go to art house
game is it was this combination of
gameplay and a strong theme yeah and
unfortunately yeah it just didn't happen
last but when you when you throw
something out there that's that's just a
storytelling art house tour de force and
there's no interesting gameplay that's a
mistake that's a mistake then then
you've chosen the wrong medium yeah to
tell your story yes exactly exactly
maybe you know like rich said draw up in
some picture make a movie you know what
make a gif and gifts are really popular
right now multi-dimensional baby talk
about summer I'm like rich who hates
everything
I'll blow it out your ass dots blow it
out your but you know the nice poem now
I'm sure you're saying that in jest and
I'm saying blow it out your ass ingest
but my official stance on so mom was
what about a great book great fucking
book did not need to be a game did not
work as a game cuz it wasn't a game not
any real way soma yeah that was some
concepts I found very interesting yep
yeah I agree
that would have been a great book I
would have read this shit out of soma
totally totally right like I love that
kind of weird heady like not heady
sci-fi but like abstract sci-fi mmm-hmm
I would've been totally down with soma
as a book and by the way if you want to
know what the anime tropes I don't like
our Metal Gear
everything that Metal Gear does see
Metal Gear yeah
thank you fuck you
holy fuck rich holy fuck you can't
switch media is that easy we even said
that you can turn soma into a book or
movie why couldn't you
there's no game there why is it a game
the game is the wrong medium and in the
first fucking place this is this is kind
of the problem is like it's not
interactive it's pretend interactive
anything storytelling wise it's just
fucking here no straight linear line the
interaction is a fiction yeah you can
tell you concern anything into it though
any medium that you want man like with
it see you can never turn any books into
a movie no you can't do that no I mean
not after the fact like the Harry Potter
movies they can't do that that does it
just doesn't work no no no no man the
thing and certainly you couldn't make
books out of a movie the thing was was
written to be a novella should never
have been turned into a kick-ass John
Carpenter movie and like Star Wars those
are movies it's not like you could ever
turn those into an entire expanded
universe worth of books rich Evans we
might be getting into me very here
Bachelor is going in the right direction
guys rich Evans outrage is building up
I'm understanding what the
multi-dimensional baby does now so how
exactly is soma not a game well you you
walk forward and then you don't do much
other than watch the story play out Ryan
there's there's no really way to fail
those the tacked on hide-and-go-seek
sections that really aren't interesting
to play
yeah there's no there's no hurdle to
cross over which is kind of the point of
a game I'm kind of digging this
multi-dimensional baby he kind of goes
after you and if you can cheat a tear
through him your tears become more
powerful boat chicken big buttocks is
how much sorry fine no you you that's a
great reaction buttocks and I should
have I should have left time for the
reaction chick admit buttocks says how
much but it cost to get you guys to star
in a commercial for my furniture store
how much would it cost this price yeah
we can do that well first of all like
you gotta you know fly us out to
wherever you are you're gonna pay for
those expenses
yeah pay for those expenses Furniture
commercial we're talking local national
in a local national or Internet is this
televised or internet because those are
two different prices leftover beefcakes
is 998 so we're talking we're talking
about a half-day Shoebridge half-day
shoot I don't know winding a fucking
agent say your price I'm your agent I've
booked you guys before I've never
actually been an actor so contact us a
prereq at red letter media dot-com I
will give you our prices I've booked
gigs for rich before I'll make it happen
Craig our brain says guys I ended up
ordering Final Fantasy 15 having not
played one since Final Fantasy 4 anse
ness they supposedly got rid of the
turn-based crap so it's more akin to
Skyrim what Final Fantasy have you
played and enjoyed
none of them mice astir was really into
Final Fantasy and I watched her play
occasionally and oh god did just the
boring as shit so I don't have much
experience and final fantasy in in
general but I you know back in the day I
try to feel like you know this is rental
see it was like tried a few of them the
molds necessary JRPGs and God is it just
fucking the worst fucking thing that
that you walk like a tile and be you
know into the boring ass battle screen
so you could spam boringly the the the
strategy the tactical strategy over you
just hit the efficient attack button
over okay and you some Turk teens
walking each other and then it takes
like forever and then eventually the
other thing dies no that's good I can
finally go on with the story and then
you go to squares then blue fight more
bets
it's the worst thing it's the worst
thing ever
little do that now alright I'm sure it's
different now and it's perfectly great
and it's awesome I've played a few of
them I played uh I played seven because
you know like that was supposed to be
like the like the super important deep
one uh-huh I'm dude just didn't give a
shit about it I couldn't couldn't make
it through a lot of that was because the
story the story is batshit insane and I
didn't much care for it I played a bit
of ten Final Fantasy 10 which was
alright in some areas look it's really
great the cutscenes look beautiful again
couldn't my issue with the Final Fantasy
series has always been the ending like
there always seems to be a big ramp up
curve as far as the final boss is
concerned and so there there was a lot
of grinding for me I'm just like I can't
get past this area because the enemies
are too strong I guess I guess I have to
go back to the weaker area and just deal
with some enemies until I get a little
bit stronger
I'm never much cared for the grind in
the Final Fantasy series I think I tried
to play a little bit of eight I want to
say what was the one with like the more
cartoonish figures might have been six
six or eight it was a PlayStation game
in it and it had more of the cartoonish
figures on the bottom asking the chance
yeah like 3d cartoonish or 2d sprite
cartoonish 3d cartoonish she's kind of
sound of her oh that was nine okay
Final Fantasy 9 I was alright with it
didn't get too far in it combat you know
combat is rough in these games fuck fuck
shit not paying attention not paying
attention
lust might get me fucking lost
station what that means
insolent King 2016 says would you go out
of your way to watch a movie featuring a
long graphic love scene between Joan and
John Cusack lots of kissing I asked my
residency director this question and was
immediately hired would you would you be
interested in seeing that in a movie
would you be interested in seeing like a
really weird car accident man I don't
you know I don't have an answer for you
here cuz because I don't have an answer
for you hear that that's the strangest
question I think I've ever heard
would I go out of my way probably not
gonna said the same thing about Jason
and Justine Bateman back in the day sure
she hasn't done anything in ages but I
think is the question current john and
joe mcusic is that probably not even
current probably have to go back a few
years go back to their heyday sure oh
man I don't know that's oh that's a
tricky one that would be so weird I you
know what if it's current maybe because
that would just be weird what does the
rainbow do the rainbow poop fills gives
you full hearts okay I still don't know
how many hearts I have but you know
there flood I know I have full hearts
and so I think at this point I have like
I just don't know cuz that's the game
yeah typical pyc says if you could live
in a movie which movie would you live in
I don't know about what dreams may come
oh how about that I mean that's an
acceptable answer playing the long game
Jack you want to live in a movie in
which you know there is an afterlife but
you know there's of there as an absolute
paradise yeah you know what Richard that
is a fair answer
chantix 20 says in soma the illusion of
choice is very poorly disguised ergo it
stops feeling like you're in a sci-fi
world as much as you're on an on rail
carnival ride in a sci-fi world insert
Mike and cart yeah yeah that's the
carnival ride that's a that's a good
that's a good analogy
it's fake there's no sewing one one kind
of like vague choice where you choose to
kill or not kill one of the robots after
you download your memory into a
different body okay
I really change all that much and it's
largely an illusion of some kind of
choice yeah yeah someone would work
quite well as a story as a movie as a
book it'd be a good I think it'd be a
great book yeah I think I think someone
would be a fantastic read there's a lot
of there's a lot of abstract ideas in
there that I don't think would translate
necessarily well to scream but you know
obviously with the right script anything
can work
but yeah I didn't mess on the book yeah
I've large Chad I've largely avoid
telltale games for reasons that should
be obvious
no there's what there's some that I know
you know when I first heard about the
Walking Dead game oh it's how to need oh
you're making these choices and then I
kind of realized oh these choices
probably aren't going to amount to much
that's gonna be largely in smoke and
mirrors and then I I kind of lost
interest after after I heard reports
basically verifying my fears yeah I'm
with you I'm with you
BOPE
thank you
make a fattie turkey burger says sting
burger - says what you know it's a
sequel for turkey burger ranch and Jack
yep what's the best way to keep a camera
dry and clean during a shooting
involving squibs
and other projectile fluence obviously
you can put plastic around the camera
body but the lens Plexiglas right
Plexiglas is if you're worried about
harming your lens Plexiglas is the way
to go or regular glass if you can't get
your hands on places that's but you can
any you know what any hardware store
will sell a little tiny little Plexiglas
that you can hold in front of your lens
get it as close to your lens as possible
so you don't accidentally end up
focusing on the Plexiglas now are there
problems with the reflection well that's
possible and you know like you sometimes
have to tilt it the right way going
shooting through Plexiglas means that
your shot is not going to be as crisp as
you would like it to be because
obviously you are shooting through
another layer but you are protecting
your camera but you are protecting your
camera the other option is get your
camera a little further away and zoom in
and you know what here's the third
option a really fantastic option for
protecting your lens depending on your
lens like for example for for our
Panasonic cameras we use it's it's like
an interchangeable lens system and so
you know we have some nice lenses and
for our lenses you can buy things that
are UV filters and they're very thin
pieces of glass that you screw on top of
your lens that are supposed to Tec
protect it against sun damage but it's
very close to the lens and it's a very
clean piece of glass and they cost like
eight bucks and it screws right onto
your lens mm-hmm
get a couple of those because then if
like something hits your lens it's gonna
hit the UV filter and not the expensive
glass on the left
okay that's what I use okay so that's
the real key now the chant is asking me
about Western RPGs
what's the Western RPG different
stylistically sorry what's an example
you know like you know you you you know
like the illusion of choice game but you
don't like Western RPGs I just have it
for one I just haven't played many of
them for other thing when it comes to
RPGs I know they're different no I know
they're different now I I never liked
the your classical style of turn-based
combat run RPGs right I just never been
fond of that style of combat you know
they're different now right yeah yeah I
know they're different now
you know you know I like Dragon's Dogma
yeah that and man that was like it was
like a super RPG yeah yeah and you
commented on how much you liked and I
know your ability to tell you know your
own story I love Mass Effect before you
know they ruined it is that a Western
RPG yeah very much so
well shit well shit rich it sounds like
you kind of dig RPGs if I got if I got a
game to suggest to you
the Avalon Diablo is nothing wrong no
where you just spam the click button and
it just seems like obnoxious going to
have a hack-and-slash you I think it's
so the hack and slash you but it's just
like mashing the the wack button yeah
and that sounds kind of dull yeah that
sounds like a really dull brawler
there's a brawler that's the names
yackin slash like I I didn't play it
much I only played it that one time we
streamed it I could not stand dynasty
warriors massive months of enemies and
just spam the attack over and over and
over and obviously we were playing an
older dynasty warriors yeah but it's
whichever somebody thinks of know about
curia chronicles cuz I've played every
game in existence and I've had the time
to play every game that's ever been made
in depth I know that about you and it's
not like I've wanted to play the games I
liked a lot because I have to keep
constantly jumping around to play all
the games that's that's a bit rough part
of playing all the games and that means
I didn't like it when I didn't play it
that means I hated it and not that I
just never got around to it didn't have
much it didn't ever really heard about
it it means I hated it oh man I made it
really bad oh I did a really bad thing
right
I made a really dumb move
not fast enough
ooh expensive if that's your definition
of role-playing game then the definition
is way too vague to mean anything and
that the term RPG becomes meaningless
says RPG is defined as a game where you
take on a role
so it's 99% of all games it's 99 so at
that point the word is useless this
discussion with a friend of mine way
back in the day and saying that like
then then a game like Madden in coach
mode would be the greatest RPG where you
can like build your team and you know
stuff like that
those are RPGs what does this do Chad I
make a circle and I get a little
pentagram does that make me stronger in
the pentagram what is what's that what's
happening here
why is that why is this happening and I
was I want you to tell me what I like it
I like that I can draw a little
pentagrams in my circles go big
pentagram oh I can look at that big-ass
pentagram does that hurt people I don't
know rich you are weird you love XCOM
turn-based but you don't like turn-based
combat and RPGs I don't like it when you
stand on either side of the screen and
you just take turns whacking at each
other I like XCOM because your
positioning is important and you're
trying to manipulate the percentages
yeah yeah that's that's that's that's a
lot deeper to me then you've got the
strong attack that's got a 95 percent
hit chance then you got the super strong
attack but that's something got an 80%
chance to hit and then you pick one of
them whatever one seems more effective
and you just use it over and over again
and then the other guy on the other
screen he takes turns whacking you and
you just keep whacking each other back
and forth until one of them dies that
sucks
that hurts them that's great that's
great
and XCOM what I'm think well you know
until I flank here or do I use a grenade
to strip the cover but I might want that
grenade later or if I can manage to take
its help down without killing it maybe I
can go in for the different multiple
things are going on it's a lot deeper
than hit the 95 percent attack brought
in over and over again until the thing
is dead
yes I hate your old-school RPG
turn-based combat because it's boring
that's not what JRPG combats about it's
about exploiting the weaknesses of it's
about grinding it's a lot of grind and
na everyone you need to be honest here
there's a lot of grinding and that
doesn't necessarily have to anything to
do with the combat that it might have
something to do with just in general
enemy design level layout difficulty
curves but there JRPGs have a lot of
grinding unnecessary rhyming I'm sure
glad we're having this JRPG conversation
again blame the fuckers in the chat who
keep getting a butt hurt that I don't
like JRPGs and they do and that's great
but I don't like them and so i am the
great satan who doesn't get it and
someday
bitch at me endlessly about JRPGs enough
i will love them see the light
oh god you will see the light rich I
believe in you I am now we're sitting by
998 dollar final fantasy offer it's off
the fucking table
it's rescinded are you replacing
different no I'm done I am 100% done
with this conversation we're just not
gonna play Final Fantasy because it
happens every fucking stream and if
you're a JRPG Finn please go fuck
yourself and stop bothering me about it
I think it's fair that's fair do you do
what you do man you do you
since 84 says Richard spent about a year
now what's your go-to choice out of the
ex-cons look like X come two more yeah
it's about a while since I've played
XCOM 2 because I'm I've gotten I've
gotten myself we stuck on XCOM enemy
within okay because I've got a me now
that I want to finally do it like a
command a classic run where I don't lose
a fucking soldier and I can't get past
month three because of the fucking thin
men and I hate it and I love it and I'm
gonna get tired of trying soon and I'm
gonna go back to XCOM - yeah but for now
I am like when I my soul stream yeah I
plan to fire up XCOM enemy within and
I'm trying to not lose a single fucking
person nice nice I think I think
ultimately XCOM enemy within even though
when I first started playing XCOM 2 I
was getting my ass kicked
uh-huh I I think ultimately XCOM 1 is is
harder that one enemy within the reboot
is a lot harder interesting yep
fucking hell these circles have to be
just the right size fuck oh that stuff
if you all notice they only read one out
of every 100 messages the whole chat
well for one the stream would be a day
long doesn't have to go everything you
see how fast this shit Scrolls it's high
it's hard to keep up it's hard to keep
up man we're and we're sorry you know we
try we try to him we've read the tips we
chat we we like interacting with you
guys but sometimes it's hard to keep up
and we're really sorry about that and
you know what sometimes y'all don't say
anything interesting yep anyone in is
not harder because of bullshit cheap
moves enemy within is harder because at
least that early game is is designed to
actually try to defeat you and not just
to be like thin men aren't pawns that
you could just roll over and feel
powerful they're a threat that you have
to worry about and plan your way around
when they show up and it's great and
occasionally it's traumatizing but it's
great chantix twenties is let's go to
something more positive brutal doom 64
is a thing have you played it yet looks
at the very least like a new set of maps
for brutal doom I might and I might play
it sooner or later I'll be honest with
you I just it's it's superficial I just
flat-out don't like the look of the
sprites from doom 64 I love those
classic sprites and that's that's a
that's a value judgment that's
subjective that's just the way I feel
about the doom 64 sprites
you have to pay from rich heavens to
read your comment is that true yeah I do
look over an occasion they read things I
can't help that we got a lot of tips and
you know what people who give the tips
they help us they help do these dreams
so I read their comments I'm very sorry
I'm very sorry
you should be ragged Kira who tipped us
says rich there's $2 talk about how
awesome the spectacular spider-man show
is and how shitty the ultimate ultimate
spider-man was I fucking hate Drake Bell
ultimate spider-man voice actor and hope
he dies for one I am just not familiar
at all with the ultimate spider-man
cartoon it looks a bit silly for my
taste but spectacular spider-man oh I
wish they kept making that is this shit
spectacular spider-man is - spider-man
as Batman the Animated Series was -
Batman Oh spectacular was fucking great
yeah yeah I uh I don't think I caught
spectacular maybe I did I think we
talked about this where it's like I cut
that one episode that right I was so
good they did it they actually did a
animated adaptation of like the the
master planner story which is one of my
favorite old-school spider-man stories
it's one of these in the doc Ock's
underground base and he gets trapped
under this heavy piece of equipment and
he can't lift it up and it's filling
with water and Steve Ditko did like the
most amazing art Steve did Co ever did
it's like three it's you know a Stan Lee
eventually and a bunch of bullshit
dialogue to it but I mean it just stands
alone just the visual wasn't just visual
storytelling where he's under his weight
he's trying to get up and he can't do it
but then thinks about Aunt May and all
the people who depend on him he musters
up the strike like it's it's like but
one of my favorite fucking spider-man
moments cuz when he lifts that thing up
is the only time I can think of that
Steve Ditko ever drew like a muscular
heroic spider and he was very he's
always drawn him like it like a scrawny
teenage kid before that but that was
like I was like the big spider-man to
becoming an adult moment when he lifts
the weight up and I was like the one
time Steve Ditko ever drew him a rock I
love that moment and they did that on
spectacular spider-man I'm a geek
you should be I'm a geek I think that's
fair uh sounds great
that was two dollars well spent to get
me to talk about spectacular spider-man
no you know I I thought ultimate had a
lot of fun
rich probably wouldn't like the little
goofy anime ish stuff that they do
because they you know like there's a lot
of like random weirdo cutaways and like
you know big eyed big mouth the stuff
but I enjoy that stuff I thought I
thought they brought a lot of humor to
it I'm like the whole team aspect you
know if there's a Power Man in there and
iron fist and Nova that was NEETs
late later on in the series the
animation got really shitty they must
have gotten their budget cut and the
story got out of control for which one
ultimate for all's right yep story got
absolute goddamn out of control and and
there the animation got shit shit and
that episode with Deadpool whoever
decided to do that Deadpool voice needs
to stop doing voice work because it was
awful
Chad don't worry about it I'm just not
addressing that bullshit anymore
great I'm done with JRPG talk boom like
forever boom boom that's great that's
courage chibi style is that what it's
called no idea can you tell a funny
weird story from high school did kill
wasn't says dirty act Ditka wasn't crazy
he just says strong and strange
principles now Dave sim he's fucking
crazy
you could argue they both have strong
principles you could what at what are
they strong Ditko's like famous
reclusive and Randy and conservative
Herman oh yeah funny yeah somebody
somebody talked to him about dr. strange
once in about how they loved all the
strange worlds and he expressed regret
that he thought it might have caused
some teens to use like LSD I was like
that's what I was trying to do
now what I wanted so Steve Ditko
regretted dr. strange because of the LSD
that's Steve Ditko in a nutshell Dave
sim I I don't know much about his
craziness I just know that Cerebus
became very very boring when it turned
into like 25 issues of Cerebus just
hanging out in a bar sure that's all I
really know a bunch apes defendant
feminism this or that and then in the
book became obsessed with bad oh yeah
yeah they were talking about service
once or twice before it crossed the line
it rode the line for a while between
crazy and genius and then eventually it
just went full-on crazy maybe it was
always crazy but you you know or just
waiting for the for the brilliance to
drop and never did did I get the mess
classic no because I have a computer
read into that what you will have you
heard and I this is I cannot confirm
this but I have read that the Ness
classic has already outsold the Wii U
I'm not at all surprised I've read this
what's the upside down Craster
this is a tough one this is a tough one
right here with jobs that they could go
home go big or go home
that was big you know what I just did
rich I went big might have been a really
terrible idea though rich know me to go
bigger go home read he steals his games
you know I also have a
there there I don't have that Ness the
old nest hooked up anymore I still do
have it I do have a crate full of old
games so if I were to hypothetically
have a digital copy of them on my PC I
wouldn't feel much guilt about it yep
gb1 says sup boys here's the 996 for a
final fantasy stream can't afford more
guess we'll just have to settle for one
spectacular stream of final fantasy 2
lol are my PG nice try nice try Knight
now there's 96 cents and that offer is
now permanently off the table because
I'm done having the constant JRPG
discussion about how I am wrong for not
liking JRPGs I'm tired of it you've had
that discussion a lot yep
I don't know what this is but I want it
can you try it out whoa
I've played a little bit of jagged
alliance that the new XCOM is like
ruined me for any other currently
existing tactical game yeah you find the
one you like yeah like even hard West
which copies a lot from the the newer ex
come I just can't get into partial ease
because the enemies aren't as
interesting and I enjoy the the
characters you make yourself in XCOM
more than the canned ones they kind of
threw at you in hard West that's what we
need right now room with a ton of
enemies this one oh yes this one will do
fine there we go
that's one we do fine any thoughts on
dead rising for rich any thoughts I'm
dead rising four yes I'm going to play
it soon I can't stand the fact that they
took out the timer
what makes Dead Rising one work is that
fucking amazing timer that you can't
you're not really supposed to do
everything in one run not at least not
your first time through and that
perfecting that is just a science Dead
Rising one was a just a wonderful puzzle
that I had many runs through that game
just trying to work out how to do it all
and when I when I did mine no death run
I did not like do a walk through watch a
walk through right and I watched youtube
videos that was my own route from years
of playing that fucking game and I was
adjusting it as I tried the different no
death runs well maybe maybe if I go do
this first it'll work a little bit
better that was great
Dead Rising 4 doesn't have any of that
because they just threw out the fucking
timer people think it's too hard okay
you neutered your fucking game idiots
and then it's not a deal-breaker but it
is irritating that they recast Frank
West I have a hunch I'm right about this
it would be even more irritating if I
could confirm that the reason they did
it is so they can get a Canadian voice
actor so they can get a tax break as
they are a Canadian dev team I believe
that's it I think that's the reason that
they didn't have to steven Russell voice
Garrett in the thief reboot because the
devs were in Canada and then get some
kind of like tax break or something by
by using an awl by handing up an all
Canadian production so they had to find
a Canadian actor yeah that would be
shocking
fuck you I could I could be wrong for
all I know the original voice actor Rob
JT Rollo's
name I forget what his name is if that
could be wrong and maybe he's Canadian
too and there was entirely different
reasoning behind the recast but I got a
I got a bad feeling that said and it's
irritating but it might be a fun game I
will still warn the timer though I love
that timer in Dead Rising it's to me to
me it's like it's like they gutted 60%
of the game it's just gone
Canadians were in everything angry skip
a tip ahead to read it because this is
still on topic law react says please
watch this three-minute video about Dead
Rising four I'm sure rich will like it
wait until after the stream if you want
my god I'll check it out later I'm gonna
I'm gonna check out the game anyway but
I might my expectations are are low like
I said dead rising is a game on a timer
in my opinion taking that out you're
you're gutting the game trying to think
of um trying to think of an example
looks like that Binding of Isaac you
know I don't like that you have to earn
the different power-ups and build them
up I'm just gonna have like a preset
character that's got all the things
installed and you can never upgrade okay
why is this still is fun well yeah so
it's like maybe like yo you know but you
can choose your own build yeah you know
what yeah would still have part of the
same enjoyment but then it's like oh you
don't understand what makes this game
this game exactly still have part of the
same enjoyment right and I think that's
how I'm good I think that's how I'm
gonna feel about Dead Rising for sure
sure
like the hints of the game you love yes
but it's not all there for no good
reason absolutely no good reason okay
Tomic mousetrap says I bought a Virtual
Boy with my own money when it came out I
was 15 I guess what I'm saying is that I
don't feel guilty
pirating Nintendo games that's fine it's
funny I like it slim you ship Bob says
hey you guys are fans of roguelikes and
soul style games you might like let it
die it's a fantastic combination of the
two set in a
surd gory post-apocalyptic Japan and
it's free you fucks right and we put
that on though we'll try it list yep
I'm leery of the it's free uh yeah you
know did that generate bombs did you
lose bombs because of that that
generated by okay it's just explosive
diarrhea yeah it's just you know a poop
out bombs and they can't hurt you okay
it did not take my bombs no no says Jack
yeah I checked out the no clip
documentaries this afternoon and they
were wonderful to watch really
high-quality really were even I who
doesn't care much for games was super
impressed and subscribe to them oh good
yes quality when I saw was quality very
like it's just good storytelling you
know hey these people wanted to make
something like their rocket League how
how this rinky-dink team went from just
like were the geeks who happen to know
how to code in Unreal 3 or whatever to
making just a fantastic game what's
what's wrong with free
what's wrong with free is that I think
sometimes free free games means keep
paying incrementally forever if you want
to have a not frustrating experience
it's not usually how about translates I
think there's two ways yeah either keep
paying incrementally if you want to have
a not frustrating experience or we don't
think this is worth anything or you paid
for hats which I'm okay with if it's the
equivalent of you pay for at one point
you had to pay 50 I'm fine but you know
I think there are some games that are on
my list that are just free-to-play games
that I'm sure just some ones like this
is a joke and it's not a real game
kill Gerty - I got your message
great accidentally double tips Oh
then he said don't read the other tip
because I double time okay I'm with you
I got you oh great great
so how you scroll on this new fangled
twitch are you in two finger scroll nope
wait oh wait there goes which you can't
do in chatty so it might be better you
might be able to also touchscreen it if
that your thing see these are the eyes
coming hey rich I was able to get XCOM
enemy unknown for two dollars and XCOM
to 420 surprised by how much I love them
thank you for the recommendation I was
glad when something like that happens
yeah and honestly even if we hated
something and they bought it because the
way while we were just hating still
sounded good to them oh yeah I'm happy
with that too you know is I'm not an AI
really not a complete asshole yeah not
as much as it might seem not as much as
you're portrayed to be you know the less
guardian look beautiful and things he's
talked about not like I didn't really
bother to that much I loved it oh it did
look beautiful
Jen just in general Last Guardian rich
what is the artiest film that I actually
like dark City Oh made me some other
irty films what's what's our like what
is already what what makes arty
I've never I've never seen all of 2001
now when I saw 2001 I was a kid and I
was just too young for it at the time
yeah I was like I was born I loves
anything space right but very slow and
that was a highly acclaimed film that
took place in space yeah there's like as
boring yeah I probably need to give it
another chance someday but yeah you do
you do that's that's one of those you
should really see not I'm not a complete
asshole just kind of an asshole well
yeah yeah that's fine nothing wrong with
that really you know you know what that
you know that just means on that means
I'm fucking honest with people and I'm
not full of shit well you can't bullshit
when I what I don't like something yeah
so you know yo you're you're not you're
not you never waver yeah yeah I like you
guys too much to feed you bullshit
that's the thing we're not we're not
we're not here to do you know we're not
that's why we're not going to play you
know always the hottest newest game
we're not going to do the things we
would play the horror games and scream
like little children no we're not going
to insult your intelligence yeah do you
like that thing that I really like and
you know my two options are I could lie
or I could say well no not really
you couldn't do it convincingly if you
tried that's very true
you know whatever just make me
Despicable then
I'd rather be lied to it's this leftover
beefcake nope nope
let's try one of these greet along the
runs gonna do a greed run
sure you can what is a great aren't you
the fucking guy who's got hundreds of
hours in this game and you don't know
what I agreed won it run is my don't
alright cuz that's a that's an
afterbirth thing okay so it's it's still
relatively new to you and afterbirth
isn't out on the Vita well I'm still
gonna something to do with money and and
spending money maybe not being able to
spend it
maybe things cost twice as much I'm just
gonna play what's what's my opinion on
David Lynch my opinion is that you
should ask Jay about David Lynch yeah
he's the one yeah Jay could spend the
entire night talking about David Lynch I
like his return to the Jedi story David
David was David Lunz right it made me
sick he showed me a picture of something
called a wookie and it made me sick what
are you to look up David Lynch talking
about directing Return of the Jedi it
took me to a restaurant they only serve
salad it's a great video it's a great
great video
okay I should have spent that 500 key
both of you guys can only play one game
for the rest of your life what would it
be
you're looking at it at this point is
probably XCOM I'll say - it seems to
have a lot of replayability okay to me
over there are games I like but I can't
see myself playing them forever I love I
love that her doom yeah that's good
I can't play that for eternity and
nothing else right yeah that all about a
good old fast I might be able to do that
with ex-cop okay
what is it for you jack is it this visit
so far I have played this for quite some
time
thank Jeff great and that's great rich
my coworker thinks x-com is god dammit
chat scroll I can't read it if I don't
hear I want to read that I want to
comment on that this is why I don't read
chat comments that much because I
freakin can oh fucking touch pads are
worthless fucking touch pants
the chat is scrolling naturally faster
than I could scroll with a goddamn
touchpad and I can't find it
and I can't get to it because it's
scrolling you're saying too much and
that's wonderful the person's comment
I'd read their name but I can't it
boiled down to their boss think XCOM is
boring because it's turn-based how do I
convince them otherwise you don't you
let them enjoy what they want to enjoy
and maybe it's not for them and that's
ok yeah it's very wise rich very wise
gobbledygook says rich can you please
say garbage day no I can't
even though apparently I just did you
can't say garbage I cannot say garbage
day okay garbage day is the word I
cannot say garbage day interesting oh
fuck
I just looked up the first time in a
while what are you wearing like a dress
with a chicken nest on your egg in a
bird nest on your head and a medical
mask and you're shooting out dodge balls
am i correct
no I have a belt on that's a belt looks
like a dress you know I'm naked it's a
belt I do have a medical mask on and I'm
shooting out giant blood tears I
honestly thought they were dodge balls
they're just giant blood tears and
that's not an S that it wasn't like a
crown of thorns just round of thorns
yeah why is it floating
I don't I don't know there's so much
about this game that I don't know about
particularly this iteration of the game
okay so I think I figured that so like
this is like an arena yeah I had to beat
enough people and that gave me money and
I think I get to go to the net oh I do I
get to go to the next area now how is
this different so far there's no levels
like look that's the hole ma'am okay and
I had to play that middle room like
eight times and now I'm progressing I
think this is different this is new for
me because like I said this is not on my
Vita okay I got the club that's great we
definitely want shielded tears yes those
are great the shelf behind looks like
it's going to collapse put some tapes on
it which shelf looks like it's gonna
collapse
um there's one over here that is warped
and I am worried it's going to collapse
it'll be just be a bridge BlueCross
moment when we get to it right how do I
feel about Brazil and Time Bandits I
haven't seen Brazil but I remember
loving Time Bandits Time Bandits was
good fun I know I probably need to see
Brazil
I need to see Brazil yeah you haven't
seen it either okay then we can both be
wrong I don't know if I've seen Time
Bandits Time Bandits is fun Time Bandits
sounds really familiar it's been way too
long since I've seen it sure that sounds
like one that I have seen that's it's a
group of little people and a
ten-year-old boy who go on adventures in
time okay I don't believe I don't think
I've seen it and then they fight David
Warner at the end
it was good and pretty much everything
he's never been in David Ward oh okay I
don't know names you should know that
about me what's another thing David
Warner I thought he was the villain in
the there are four lights episode he was
that Kardashian I'm trying to blink on
other things he's been in which is
terrible Stern daddy says thanks for
your content guys rich have you tried
XCOM enemy within with the long war mod
it's honestly great to the point where I
would never go back to playing without
it I I have read about the changes
they've made I
I would love just to have the changes
they made the strategic layer that all
sounds great I don't I'm less confident
about their tactical changes I know
they've expanded the roster to like 12
men at most
which seems like too damn many the the
perk tree it seems like they made it a
kind of a convoluted large mess where
every every tree is every every level
has three choices and I think I think I
like the more I think I would appreciate
I don't think I would like their changes
I think I'd prefer the more streamlined
vanilla game tactical game I wouldn't
mind it if I could just separate out the
strategic stuff
did terry gilliam ruin Johnny Depp's
career by introducing him to the quirky
characters he played until recently no
he made that fucking career Johnny
Depp's career is all based on those
quirky characters where would you need
to be one off the quirky character he
would just be the pretty boy from 21
Jump Street that nobody would remember
yep that's where Johnny Jeff Depp would
be without the quirky character yeah
without without itching that artistic
side of him he would be you'd be nothing
it gave his career 20 years longer than
it would have had normally David Warner
was the heavy intron yeah I was thinking
that was somebody else but that was
David Warner
that's something I always appreciated
about Johnny Depp he could have easily
have coasted his whole career as the
pretty boy
yeah and rolled that out until it
naturally ended he didn't and you know
what
I appreciate the hell arm for that
I'm something most people don't even
realize now that he started out as the
teen heartthrob in a TV series yeah I
spell yeah everyone just knows him is
the quirky guy uh yeah you're probably
right
you're probably right why are you giant
what power group is that I got it was a
pill that said one pill makes you larger
it seems bad it seems like you're just a
bigger target I think it's both good and
bad we're I'm a bigger target but my
tears also seem to be bigger okay so I
can hit things easier and I can get hit
all right probably pros and cons I
didn't really know what it did so I took
it because that's what I do I just take
all the pills plus I appreciate the
white rabbit reference yeah are your
tears like shields right now they are
that's that seems very useful it's a big
thing readily useful so like I can't get
hit which is great I'm also like you
know I'm having trouble hitting them
what actually your target stays the same
when you were larger well there you go
I don't want that helmet just the tears
don't get bigger oh hey change change oh
fuck what makes you larger let's see
what doesn't see this Cape weird with it
my dad and that shit
oh so that's a black heart not an empty
heart yeah I don't shoes either I do I
want shoes it's just more range I don't
need more range don't want any of this
shit rich maybe you don't maybe I don't
you know what you're right
just face some bosses what are you
dodging we dad don't weave I don't quite
understand this guy so I got caught up
like my giant size little bit of
something fine everything's fine
oh fuck this guy I hate this guy oh oh
that's Rob my blocking tears god I love
that shielded tears are great don't get
stuck uh I don't quite understand this
game mode yet every time a new enemy
comes at you you get more money yeah
which is great it's the more waves you
kill the more money you get the more
things you can buy I suppose
that's neat I'm assuming how much money
I spend also like changes something
about greed greed is the final boss in
this mm-hm
and so I'm guessing that that also
changes like how much how hard he is at
the end maybe if I spend too much money
he's like really difficult I don't know
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck what what
secret thing oh I want to beat them now
I mean I obviously wanted to beat them
all the time but I really want to beat
them now that's not looking good I
noticed that really not looking good
it would just help if I could be one of
them you know right there we go there we
go there we go what the fuck is that
that's chest I've never seen that just
before can I open those presumably I
have two keys well you got an out not
the worst every locked interesting hello
how weird well I just keep opening this
I don't have any idea I'm so freaked out
is it a glitch I don't know you finally
hit the bottom I'm okay with that
all right great that's right we got a
secret thing I have all the monies now
which is great and more monies let's go
buy some shit oh yeah oh man that shit's
good all right let's go to the next
level oh wait no keys do you have any
keys on keys white chest close and
reopen a random number of times
buy more hearts if you can
oh you can't you get it okay great all
right great I think
oh you know Jax did great I think I
think I'm doing great I have I have no
idea how I'm doing as I've never played
this mode before why is one heart to
code that's a white heart and as you see
right now it now because I carried that
to heart over to the next level I get a
lion heart game another heart gave me
another heart container oh that thing I
wonder what that thing does let's find
out what what what you charge your
battery what do you what do you want
yeah it's got soul hearts there
oh I knew oh shit all right great
spiders so we want box of spiders
definitely one matchbook shit
alright alright
we're doing great I think the shop
restocks all items exclamation point
exclamation point exclamation point
I noticed that thank you thank you thank
you alright let's fucking let's do this
let's keep on keepin on
keep on let's keep on fighting the good
fight I got the recharge baby apparently
and the recharge maybe a randomly gives
me more batteries and I have the box of
uh I'll fall my fucking god Jesus Jesus
Jesus fuckin Christ
oh I have the 48 hour energy - oh god
I'm such a dummy such a dummy rich I
don't know what's going on it's a little
nuts
fuck how fucking hell shoot shoot the
things I'm shooting the things
shoot him better shave things better
you're right you're right you're right
shoot the things better
oh great should save you money to buy
other things Jack Carol I you know I
don't know what's happening some things
so they're like rounds or something I
died I don't I just don't know I would
like to tell you the answer to that
question remember you're blacking tears
black light it's blocking tears no
there's just there's also not a lot of
room to maneuver and that makes it a
little more difficult but that's fine
that's fine okay yeah okay so that's
that buy more permanent items is the
chat range up that doesn't help Oh or
this one I think helps me
hello that's great dinner oh oh oh sure
great that did something a lot of stuff
that's great you can also go through an
11th round to unlock the devil / angel
room yes and I've been doing that he's
been doing that chat I've been doing
that but thank you to come back for that
that picture and get three more since I
think they can get through more sense oh
you again gosh darn you I don't I'm
fucking I don't like you said you don't
run into them but every possible
opportunity
what's a I'll be honest I've been
playing him wrong and great nope nope
all right great
fucking guy okay great
we did it I know I want that you oh
Jesus oh I want Jesus juice any more
money how did you go through all of that
money I bought shit how did he do that
I bought shit okay oh oh you are you ran
out of town you fuck you fuck you fuck
you fuck you fuck you
don't forget about my box of spiders get
them spiders fight me fight me in real
life so get a weak spot on his back yeah
but my tears don't move incredibly fast
yeah do you do damage til normally
anyway no see not nothing in the front
damn damn oh oh that's it what how did
that happen we do skinny B Bob Bob was
impossible to not be able to defeat him
no I just take smile like I only have
like two more hits I need to get him Q
like look how low his health is he's
gonna help either bye-bye at the bottom
oh wow I say yeah fine fuck man
I'm very sorry
let's do it let's fucking do it so I can
do it let's fucking do it let's fucking
do it
but what seems like you're really strong
against anything shootie yeah cuz the
shield to you yeah anything good
flies over the one flies so the head is
flies which is but I already have box of
spiders right but the Flies will
recharge more so I want that here's the
question there's paw yeah will cost me
one heart and then at any point I can
eat a heart and gain a couple soul
hearts nom regenerative arts this is
your call I can't make call like this
you're the Isaac man what's the book do
I don't remember
probably not that I'm good yes yes yes
get the paw no too late I've already not
gotten the pot he can't go back can't go
back I've already not gotten the paw I
want that Jesus juice how much is the
Jesus juice 15 cents can I bomb you you
need you did some more rounds I came out
the back here what did that do that
changed everything and then changed all
the items so much for you Jesus juice oh
hello but you're cheaper now well shit
whatever alright moving on moving on did
you go in the yellow good door yep I
didn't see you going the Eldar at the
start of the way shit start anything I
want are you sure I had the one thing I
know not Isaac is you I always go in the
yellow door always go in the yellow I
started it by going in the other as
you'll see on this one I'm gonna go in
the other all right away what was that
oh oh well this could suck or be great
you can suck do you have to do it I have
to do what the charge yeah that's bad
that's considerably bad but look blah
yeah that's gonna block everything that
comes my way and
barrage them in a barrage go beyond the
green door go beyond the green door what
look for the secret room okay they
didn't look you might have missed
something I probably missed something
all right let's see how let's see how
bad my decision for getting most rows
long was that very bad very bad very
very bad no it's gonna find it's like a
shotgun rich look at this black that
fuck
just gotta move just gotta move just
gotta move
fucking vomit ghosts get right out of
town
Oh a spider you dick
fuck you fuck you fuck you also fuck you
also fuck you
who I made it I made it I made it I have
18 cents I don't think that oh oh wait I
think I want this I don't fuckin know
yes giant spiders in flies I wanted that
I did want that and I'm I knew okay
great
alright great so now my flies are more
powerful yeah oh that's not bad yeah
look at that three shots down seems less
good against the mobs of little guys
yeah yeah that's okay we got we got
bigger fish to fry okay
oh you dick
so interesting to watch it's got the
things he's doing with all this stuff
doing all the things and stuff
bombs everywhere fuck this this sucks
this we're not happy about this but this
is also an enemy I'm not terribly
familiar with this is a Hutu after birth
so yes all right did it great did it oh
good I'll just take that
great great we're doing great we're
doing great
we're doing great maybe it's also very
possible that we're not doing great
that's a fucking idea right neither
neither do I rich what's something
episode of that pained or that red stuff
treasure but it'll hurt me hmm
usually it's not like really good
treasure I and here we go here we go
we're making it this is my first time
doing a greed run by the way and I'm
this is pretty far I think so well you
do play this a lot I thought I do a play
Isaac a lot right so I'm just saying so
I just know not only you giant but your
flies are also giant yes there's a theme
a parent is a clear theme we're doing
something we are doing something yeah
all right let's how did that why did
that hurt me I don't fucking know well I
know why that hurt me
what you did good I don't know if I did
actually think I might oh but I think I
keep accidentally stepping on the off
switch which has spikes on it yeah
look didn't see that coming
was that well it spider I think oh Jesus
Christ I have not fought these enemies
either
we're doing great we're doing great
we're doing great I don't know what just
happen but can we make that happen again
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
what and what who doing great doing
great everybody we're doing great I
think I want this
oh I eat a martyr no I didn't want that
fuck whatever whatever
great let's keep moving it's item word
or do what does item martyr do I think
this is the one where if I get hit it
just gives me a random item yeah
which could be good but I wanted the one
that recharged my flies what which I
guess it could be this when I forget I
often forget like what each individual
item does it's too much shit there's a
lot of shit happening on screen you just
have to kind of get get used to that you
know and right now it's the little
enemies that'll kill me it's these
little fucking spiders that seem to be
getting me yep
ah oh shit red poop
red poop that go away when he's dead no
no it sticks around and it's gonna kill
me fuck it right right the fuck out of
town great great
I'm not gonna do the devil room this
time why not because I got to deal with
that red poop man I don't want to deal
with the red poop okay shit huh okay you
shoot it yeah but then it comes back you
sure didn't go in the room huh she
didn't go in the room
well no I got to fight another enemy if
I want to go in the devil room oh um I
don't want to deal with that I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna check out that
greed see what he's all about
all right see if I can uh you can do
something here all right that's good
let's get nuts people let's get nuts
here we are
greed go greed ultra greed oh go ahead
ultra green we're here oh okay OOP what
okay ultra-green here we go look at this
guy
cool
what yeah this is cool see bigger than
normal I don't know if he's bigger than
normal or if that's his normal size that
I've never fought greed before okay this
is my first time he's new to this one
yeah
I'm not doing terribly well I've been
hit a lot the good thing is this is the
one that uh that refills my I don't know
if that's a good thing but it does
refill my ideally every time I is that
hurting him yes yes it is
I think it's spawning guys oh shit is
fucking hell
fucking fuck hell
I think I gotta get rid of these coins
yep yep that gives in power
thank you some power the coins given
power Oh nope that spawns guys fucking
okay not gonna win I'm not gonna win
which is fair you know like go learn
don't give up yet Jack don't give up
Joe God give up give up yeah monstros
lung not not great for for this the bar
flung here not the greatest
where these keys while I can't oh oh
well that was fun
almost Jack that was fun I would enjoyed
it it was different
oh I got sweaty palms now though oh
alright I think I forgot sir I know
Jenny I did watch her I turned you
turned out you're a good man Jack I good
man I wanna get out of this here all
alone Oh
ultra greed is a fucker he is a fucker
that was that was that was new that was
a new experience for me but man that was
neat I like his big coin bombs taking me
that was a really good run though nice
play jacks oh hey thanks thanks rabid
coal wolf thanks rabid Kolff now is the
point on the stream in which we thank
all of the people who have subscribed to
us during the stream much like Captain
James May cyber cat Mario Mario 42 for
30 fucking months in a row Mario Mario
says holy shit thirty I've been sub more
than 10 percent of my life love you
Franz mister shy smile 26 fucking months
in a row MC Lucas 30 fucking months in a
row MZ Lucas says late stream last last
stream ever Wow 30 months was a good run
no one at all says a digger blue Swango
Lee says hi that's a penny
seven of board Maine says I love food I
love to put it in my face
Fresno bob says three-month anniversary
happy winter solstice you hag frauds and
cephalo pathetic
I had sound that one out in my head yeah
yeah says three fraudulent months solid
KGB carry Farkas says Jack I have one
grievance general Oh Hawaii have a great
how did it
oh hi oh can we get the loot some no oh
boy have a great holiday guys here's one
general he has one grievance one
grievance in general I get it now I get
it vice versa man says add a message to
the streamer wait how do I Malone mods
and a melon Madden's 87 says love the
show
that's me Lynette Miller that's proper
name milla milla nuns 87 said it right
that time
I feel feel like I've redeemed myself
AJ pips all says thanks again for the
best podcast to play rocket leagues you
poke Alex in the eyes is 3 fuckin and
fraudulent months in a row people do
people try to yeah they're gonna fake
the fucking never fake the fucking
striker 1 1 2 1 19 months in a row I
love you crusty arnica Shrek's says
here's two terribly drawn cgi faces
understatement of the fucking year Jesus
that was terrible no fear no Envy 22
fucking months in a row blog
whoo three months of Amazon giving you
guys some of the money I give them oh
gee nasty Jash shed um Friday 13 months
in a row says be excellent to each other
and party on dudes
dr. soya days 20 fucking months in a row
20 goddamn motherfucking cocksucking ass
looking titty biting nipple twisting
balls slapping dick swinging months in a
row Merry Christmas and may the love of
Jesus be in your hearts that was
excellent doctor so hey thank you HAP 78
14 months in a row
ex ex Devastator feel spin just this guy
you know twenty four fucking months in a
row oh shit my subscription is now a
toddler no more poopy diapers for you
just this guy you know jyggalag 35 says
well I got twitch prime free for a year
so here's a free year of subscribing to
some hack frauds thank you Sangster mr.
glitch 25 fucking months in a row says
marry rich piss and a Jackie New Year I
get it I get it
medival oven mad velvet meta velvet says
do you guys like sushi I'm allergic to
seafood I love it time foam bath Rae
that's a strange one sorry Chen it's the
end of the stream reminder to watch the
thing I sent you haha
if you already have never mind merry
xmas Chernobyl kinsmen 20 fucking months
in a row thanks for 20 fucking months of
entertainment have a great Christmas and
a Happy New Year love you guys xx
krokodil brain 26 fucking months
a row look my love bids the ark better
that's it the ark matter the ark matter
okay
dark matter 17 months in a row emerged
look frickert that's her Maggard Larimer
kirk what raven dark night lavend dark
night i get it to see chucks test
chabela Jerris crust says yeah I'm done
with teaching for the semester and can
finally enjoy a live stream welcome jars
gross
Zack is wack Merry Christmas you fuckos
thanks for all the hard work
oz Mike twenty four fucking months and
roses hey it's my second year of
continuous anniversary thanks for all
the fun you guys looking forward to more
thank you Jeff five three three five no
Jeff five three three three slashed from
ducktales twenty six fucking months in a
row
thanks for keeping me sane that's fine
it's funny it's funny l Alec Alec slow
Alex low that's what it is it's Alec
slow the Duke of prune says I forgot to
cancel my subscription
top ramens 22 fucking months in a row
top ramens says when will the half of
the bag for rogue one start filming two
days ago
my name is tape 18 months in a row oh
you gonna say what you can do what are
you gonna do I was gonna say you guys
are gonna do a little more in-depth
analysis on it there are some sets that
needed to be built think think you're
gonna watch the movie again tomorrow and
maybe film the next week or so okay evil
Lord David says hey guys David here for
two months in a row I sincerely hope
2017 is kind to you and your loved ones
schists esri subscribed for 31 fucking
months in a row
slap nuts 73 doctor cooter cooter Hager
15 monster roses two weeks ago was my
12th month anniversary twitch counts
like star wars four five six one two
three seven three nine eight three five
nine and ten T Iraq the ancient 12
months in a row zombie death spot will
Steve the ghost says almost died three
times in the way home
fuck snow and I know fuck that snow let
go face G shots 27 fucking months and
roses thanks for all the streams
I got a de Binding of Isaac because of
you guys you can conquer greed mode Jack
I know you can he couldn't he couldn't
he couldn't and didn't but I can okay
that's fair he didn't but can but I
didn't but he did give her mind about
that Longshanks 22 fucking months in a
row Longshanks 1 says thanks for all the
content packet racquet gaming
chet v ant eater
atomic mousetrap double Meg dream sign
usery name 26 fucking months in a row
physics fiend too much nuki oh my god I
almost forgot to share this dr.
Smoketree says looks like I'm a bit late
Quinn some niak ends us with the lulz
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
sure we really do we really do and then
this being my last room of the Year
Happy New Year to all of you and Merry
Christmas we won't do it I'll be doing a
solo on Wednesday yeah I'm saying for me
yeah oh yeah people know I just let the
people know I just wanted to do they get
the word out to do a sincere ending
instead of like the funny ending that we
usually do where it's like you know you
gotta pull the rug out from under them
but I want you can't yet point to the
rug before you do it you say here look
at that rug and then you
