Aug 21, 2016
Police Quest III: The Kindred
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/86936529
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/86936589
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CpDWvp6fUc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUAxMIbkdbA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/767424495820926977

[Part I]
to go how's everyone doing hey hey hello
Wellcome how many light years left
Casper in no man's sky the same 168,000
because I promptly deleted the game from
my PlayStation 4 and will never ever
again yay that was my favorite part
I think the yank is the stream started
there's the glade oh I do and the camera
works we have we figured it out thank
you everyone for sending me all the
information I got a deluge of tweets and
emails apparently what happened was one
of those lovely and beloved forced
windows updates apparently they were
trying to streamline the process in
which webcams work and make it easier
but in doing so fried like everyone's
webcam yeah yeah including our own so
our webcam got fried not really fried
but it just stopped working so we had to
had to go into like we had to hack the
windows ok it was very exciting rich you
and me we hacked it oh yeah yeah I'm
just thinking I'm thinking about police
question oh I'm sad I've very sad you
said this is the last of sunny bones but
ya know I had to go in the mind to go
into regedit I headed my registry yeah
yeah reactant which is scary it's always
scary editing your registry that's
that's where you can fuck up everything
you used to be able to just delete files
from windows for the windows folder and
that would fuck up your computer they
don't let you do that now you don't have
any control over your PC nope notice I
so wish I could switch to Linux
I'm not making games for Windows no wife
I think you have equal problems with
Linux it's I'd have control I would have
control yes you would have control over
your problems yes that's why I can solve
my problems you're solving your problems
we solved we solved the webcam problem
yeah I think it's a horse apiece we
could solve the Linux problems and
the side benefit of actually owning
Linux the the point the moral of the
story is a life hacker had a fix we went
to life hacker and they had a nice fix
so if your webcam is busted
with Windows 10 go it's a life hacker
right now and they have a little
lifehacker.com they have a little fix
honey city bonds and in the scrolling
and his wife that's terrible Marie are
still on a honeymoon high from their
wedding a few Murray got a good job at
the oaktree mall and the two have a
beautiful new home oh man the story
there's a wonderful story the epic tale
of sunny bonds and his whore wife Marie
as his son as for me I was promoted to
Detective Sergeant with the Litton
Police Department as the story opens
I've just finished the sergeants
training and then back on duty
nice overburden as an affirmative I've
been assigned a drafting division for a
bit
seems traffic is always understaffed
traffic I'm on traffic that's a shame
well that's my life and it's a good one
one worth protecting now it's time for
me to assume the role of me
Sonny Bonds I happen to know I'm in for
a heck of a day because I haven't
developed psychic powers since police
quest too apparently
maybe not or maybe not
future famous person says Star Trek
beyond is a flop financially speaking
that's that's sad that is sad did into
darkness kill the popular yes it did of
the series yes it did it may be the
return of sorry it was nose definitely
it's darkness that movie sucked into
darkness got people really upset well
they had the potential with the new
universe and then they they shed on it
against Italy instantly instantly I
think everyone was more or less okay
with the the reboot okay it's a little
fun it's not the Star Trek that I
remember but it's fun it's alright and
then and then into darkness just took a
big old turd on it yeah right out of the
gate well it was like they took one
good step they had a stride they had a
instantly probe the horse instantly
broke its leg and they had to come out
and put it down yeah
that's it that's exactly what happened
which I mean beyond is really fun that's
a really fun movie so that's it's too
bad Coppola cooks no wait
yes gobbledygook before police quick
question
Oh question three eight deus ex on
tuesday no kill run rich but where is
our new deus ex game coming out I'm not
doing it deus ex don't come anytime soon
okay great that's not on my plan oh oh
sorry three questions oh I think the
question was just are you gonna play the
new Deus Ex I haven't played any of the
deus ex s actually so I just have so
many games so many games I haven't
played them all B contri Oh gobbledygook
bringing up the controversy I already
black Mary Jane have you heard of this I
don't care that's fine great you happen
me - no it's fine for those who didn't
hear they announced casting for the new
spider-man as long as she's a good
actress I yeah and they announced that
uh the Mary Jane character maybe we're
driving a Mary Jane based on him right
let me get the that was it that was it
let me get the exposition you said it
would be weird if she wasn't a redhead
yeah yeah that's fine
spider-man Home Coming movie announced
casting for Mary Jane and it's going to
be a black actress I haven't seen anyone
on the internet flip out about it I have
seen people claiming people are flipping
out about it but it doesn't really
matter I like the direction they're
going with the new spider-man movie it
doesn't matter who the actresses and we
have on the most important thing is
getting Peter Parker right absolutely by
far-- and it looks like they've gotten
him right and we don't even know if Mary
Jane is gonna be a love interest because
Mary Jane Mayer Jane wasn't a love
interest until like three decades into
the spider-man books so she could just
be like a student's a peripheral
character she was a love interest huh
she was the love rival love interest but
not not until like those Betty and
Veronica thing going on with Gwen and
Mary Jane
not until it
you like a hundred and twenty like she
didn't show up until late 60s you 60 or
so 63 is when they started teasing her
she didn't show up he has an appearance
and likes issue 60 something that's not
that's not anger though that's not yes
you're tugging you for the jackpot it
was one of the early issues one of the
early ramita senior issues hmm
no no about them I got I got a relook
that up did Co never drew her right and
the story I have heard the story I have
heard is the reason did Co never drew
her was Stanley didn't want him to draw
Mary Jane because Mary Jane was supposed
to be attractive that was always gonna
be the bit like they tease like the am
want say yeah they set you up with the
neighbor and I don't want to go on
that's such a nice person now oh nice
frog and then the joke was gonna be that
she was pretty right and what I have
heard was Stanley didn't want tickled a
jar because did go didn't draw
attractive women that's a really good
start yeah yeah it's funnier in any case
she wasn't necessarily the first love
interests not know which wasn't the
first lovin not usually you know wasn't
quite either wasn't quite either betty
brands oh no no it was um who was the
other one at school the flash Thompson's
girlfriend no no she was never hurt no
it was Betty Brad Betty Brant was the
first love it was the first real love
was Allanon lizallen her name yeah Liz
Allen was the first oh no no no you have
that so wrong and or so wrong about the
heck nicly the first no yeah just cuz
she was a girl and she was in the book
there was a lot interest he pined he
there was pining it was never know in a
while I have all but I have all the the
trades I need to reread them in any the
point the more of the stories who cares
who they cast is Mary Jane we don't know
who the story is gonna be it doesn't
really matter if she's a good actress
and it does a good job in the movie
right yeah that's a moral the story so
anyway
I'm confusing Peter with myself maybe
maybe I fell in love with lizallen
and I wanted Peter to that could be
she's hardly in the the the old books
before
Betty Brent shows up I remember Betty
brand that was a big deal because Peter
was like still very young and she was a
classy older lady she was a secretary
she should have been older yeah yeah
I've heard a justification for that yeah
that she was younger teenager working as
a secretary because her mother was the
old secretary and got old and JJ jonah
jameson knew that they need family
needed the money sure and let the
teenage girl work there as a secretary
that's the justification I've heard for
that nice yeah that would make that that
would Fannie Brandt was Jay jonah
Jameson secretary yeah and Peter was 15
at the time and Betty Brant was his love
interest but oh and of course like we
say like a love interest these were
sixties comic books so like they talked
about maybe holding hands they did all
right but I mean in the context of like
the love interest you know it was like
it was all it was also a pure and cutesy
yeah we should probably I know you guys
oh the third part of gobbledygook is um
is um Chinese quantum satellite mmm do
you know this no I don't either sorry
thanks guys I remember DC Universe
Online for the ps4 it's free you fucks
future future Jay says if no man sky is
in the Milky Way our galaxy is about
100,000 light years across are you
outside of the galaxy gives a fuck yep
there we go thank you rich anonymous
says rich and Jack a warm greeting hello
the two most advanced beings in the
entire universe where I have two
children a boy with them hoping to
complete preparation to suck off the
rectum
bloody hell great the blue blaze says hi
guys what's your opinion on cinemasins
aka everything's wrong with your movie
channel would you consider doing a
crossover with them for space cop I
haven't seen many actually no cinemasins
I don't think I've seen any of those
maybe one I've seen maybe one vid
they've done I saw one video they've
done - yeah and I didn't much care for
it
III do movie stuff right I don't need to
watch everything anybody does on YouTube
they the whole III don't much care for
their everything wrong with a movie
because I feel it's mean-spirited and
like they point they because because
news at 11:00 I've caused kettle black
because there's no there there
everything wrong with Sears and like I
said I've only seen one of them so like
I this is a flash judgement based on
like one of them that I've seen uh-huh
there it doesn't seem to be
tongue-in-cheek
and it doesn't seem to be like jovial
like ah here's some fun mistakes in the
movies right it just seems to be like
this movie is bad because one time
Superman was looking this way and then
they cut and he was looking the other
way you know are they actually saying
it's bad are they just having fun right
yeah potholes which is fun it's
something I enjoy doing you can do it
with a movie you like it it doesn't mean
it's a bad movie and like I said I saw
this one video so I my it's a flash
thing I've never I've never felt the
urge to watch more after watching that
one video of there's the one the one
YouTube channel that's movie related
that I've watched with any kind of
regularity yeah be how it should have
ended anyway and even then I'm not sub
to them but I like I've seen a college
shit of those cartoons yes yeah those
are fun those are definitely fun I like
those we're gonna get to this couple
more to read well that was it now we're
caught up on tips okay let's go wait
sandy buns please were pull it to the
bris Shawnee box direct report or break
the room where the fuck is the briefing
room oh god it's a fucking fight and
click that's right we are no longer
typing we are now pointing that's the
elevator button that's the station's
public address system well they really
put a whole bunch of effort in the
police quest 3 didn't they where's the
funny fucking description that I can
play around with it just as there's the
public address system well that's that's
a fun description I can get a lot of
comedy mileage out of that kind of
dialogue it's accurate and to the point
rich what are you looking for
that's the homicide halls window oh
great where the hmm policeman blue it's
me sunny that's the elevator door I
can't read anything this is nothing as
fun when you you know when you have
these shitty descriptions well that's
just fucking that's just fucking great
that's the dirt of the sergeant's office
hey hey that's me oh you're the sergeant
that's right good boy that's on this
fucking bulletin bud whoa whoa oh my god
whoa look at that depth the movement the
bulletin board is where people post
articles of interest personal ads and
Chinese restaurant business cards like
Wang's I always needed wings yeah you
like eating wings
yes I love eating wings I mean that
wings the best things about Wang's is
the sauce is the special sauce that you
get at the end of the meal it's I can't
it's a spicy salty like something about
it just makes the whole eating at Wang's
experience worth it you know where's the
briefing office need to stop talking
about how I love eating Chinese I can't
watch then apparently that is always
does that want to be walked down that is
uh that is a dead end
oh god I love point and clicks walk down
the hallway sir
oh that that was way more difficult than
it should have been I'm gonna guess the
briefing room is his open door that's
the door to the briefing room there we
go all right there we go
oh we should pull up manuals we're
probably gonna need them oh shit
out fuck Scott the house has
point-and-click kill a Sierra games I
clicked on the door why didn't you walk
in the door
when I spent $50 on King's Quest 5 when
a day when it debuted and got a damn
point-and-click interface plus the damn
dial I was pissed yeah it should be
tight and clicks accessing a lot of
people were a lot of people really do
not like it
police quest three men the chuck bird
has nothing on nothing it buttoned on it
at this time soothing isn't it soothing
is what c-game this is why you're doing
a very bad job of describing things you
say it's a soothing painting to look at
with a rowboat or something so you just
say oh it's soothing you know why
because you were fucking lazy game
you're lazy you're lazy Ciara
point-and-click far less creativity than
you put into your posit games saying
look at me on the shitty point-and-click
the message board is with a daily
briefing notes posted after the briefing
so maybe you're saying is maybe it has
less to do the point clicking it more
more to do with the lazy game writing
maybe maybe the podium is used for
giving briefings that's opposite cow law
girls a real cut-up all right the female
officer is bad morels here she's a tough
cookie Bradley because she's a dyke
female cop that's gotta mean she's a
dyke right I surprised her name isn't
like Pat lesbian that's what we call it
behind it back we call it
Pat the pussy because she likes to Pat
the pussy I mean you get it took you a
while to get that I was there it was on
the tip of my tongue
that's what Pat said the thing the thing
where you hit the button it's just too
late now I have this
but that's not the good one problem one
that's the rug one goddamnit
there you go bye too late it's far too
late we tried the Litton public needs a
sighted give us the crap of the day so
we can get out of here they'd actually
say give us the crap of the day can you
smack him you'd think a new sergeant
would know what I'm trying to click on
things my fellow officers have been a
little on edge since the quarter donut
shop closed I take the ribbing in stride
knowing that it comes with a territory
when my new such is when you do such is
when you do it comes with the territory
when you're new Sarge on the block
that's which I don't think it's proper
English somebody needed to spellcheck
this game that's opposite Joffe Bank
Joseph Banks that makes way more sense
yes it does
young spot and takes his job very
seriously good all these other people
seem like dick that's obviously given
Miller he's one of the old school cops
oldest school than me mm-hmm we could we
call him become a plant a handgun Miller
always the old union-busting he always
keeps a few extra few ounces a dope
bottom just in case an arrest go south
purple space bazooka says hi guys all
right four more police cars finally able
to tip again I start a new job next
Monday congratulations purple space
bazooka thank you for boosting my morale
during this shit 2016 have some beer
soda money and lol I think 2016 is shit
wait until after the election it'll be
fine everything will be fine fuck no
matter what oh it's gonna be fun
perfectly fine the next eight years will
be perfectly fine either candidates
could have changed their mind on the TPP
like instantly you know I thought it
over it's gonna be fun
I feel very differently that I did a
month ago not a robot our stranger
things discussion will hit YouTube soon
we're almost caught up yep pretty close
now we need more by the way I know
tonight okay great well we have one up
today one way I wanted today but no
we're getting caught up so it should be
up within a week I'd say so we're
getting there stranger things discussion
and you can always watch it on the
twitch past broadcasts Oh actually no in
the strange of things discussion I need
to do because it was weird like but you
yeah you keep going on your end and now
I'll do that one but I'll get it up I'll
get it up drawing attention to me
officer law says Oh officer law oh that
guy and look at guys and gals another
star is born
sergeant motherfucker this dickhead up
here a dickhead give us the crap
afternoon Morales was told was his talk
show scripted everything oh shit I said
it for a moment that matters something
about just being friendly well I can't
that doesn't sound like me at all
honestly everything I do is with
confidence
obviously this knowledge it needs
someone to take them by the hand huh who
you can take this butter hand hey Sarge
I'm calling you a gay since you're
obviously not up to it
the officer in charge conducts the
briefing her afternoon off first
I shouldn't charge and bonds here's
obviously forgot another the further the
filing of the office will dragonballs
mongrel we will go ahead with the bright
round his mouth it's really freaking me
out rich really freaking out anyway you
have all oh you all have today's duty
sheets so this fucking time shit in here
too
yeah you needed to get to the podium in
a certain time I'm sorry this game's
gonna be crap yep that's it and have the
same shift and think about making right
hand approaches on your call stops I
what young bubby says please quest 3 the
Kindred interestingly kindred is what
vampires call each other in the world
like a fire the masquerade bloodlines
I'm not an RPG fan why would I care
about an RPG that people say is a very
good RPG that's about a subject matter I
can't stand shut up about it
I'm not gonna play it I give no fucks
anonymous says I got game recognition
it's called blood wizard it plays as a
semi hunt blood wizard it plays as a
semi delayed redneck armed with a pistol
chain he must force himself on the
princess and rescue her from the wizard
of death blood
what anonymous next and anonymous
richy-rich NJ inspired me to grow a
beard however it doesn't look nearly as
great how do you guys maintain style
your beard had fur which length and
we're by trimmer and you shave the edges
yeah you don't use like any product on
it I'm sure how long I'm gonna keep it
oh yeah yeah interesting interesting I
used to have a beard I used to have a
glorious glorious beard yeah every once
in a while I think about growing a pack
that's up to you if you get rid of yours
I might have to grow mine just so we can
you know keep balance in the universe I
think I'll be fine I'd be fine with that
mm-hmm all right so what are we doing
here I'll probably talk to the dickhead
over there I'm just a job bank responds
after being interrupted from his report
writing report writing oh gee Sarge I'd
really like to finish this report get
back to leg I'm sorry so I'm good just
don't hit me like everyone else does
right now what am I supposed to do with
the
stupid point-and-click rich is wearing a
Batman shirt not a wu-tang clan jerk
that's the dirt of the filthy criminal
palate psychologist office yeah we don't
need the kind of mind mumbles need a
club I don't need no fancy talking
mumbo-jumbo you don't care about their
feelings when you're arresting them for
dope smuggling the only criminals
feelings I care about his pain allowed
them to feel plenty of pain mm-hmm
absolutely
tell God says rich and Jack what do you
think of the latest rogue one trailer
have you seen it I am seen the latest
one I haven't seen it I'm sorry I think
it looks much more interesting than
force awakens also sunny Ronald Reagan
with stupid pants okay I don't know what
that means I haven't seen the new
trailer I'm you know I'll see it when it
comes out I don't need I no longer need
to be sold on it so I don't care about
the trailer bookcase contains love
reference materials
those are file drawers this is the
sergeant's office your computer occupies
the center of your desk this business
the computer is an indispensable tool if
you're some kind of pansy back in my day
your other indispensable tool is your
gun and your tool if you know what I
mean
that's your real indispensable tool no
that's fine okay that's fine that's the
lieutenant stuff was it his desk to that
desk blog who's the lieutenant game
you're supposed to give me information
on things when I click on them what's
the point what's the goddamn point I
hate you
there's a flappy that I'm gonna what Oh
Oh Your Honor what do I I don't know how
to use these things I use what a couple
of times actually you're on the computer
we can hit the button what does it do
it's beeping is that this is supposed to
beep is it beeping we're gonna pretend
it's beep wait I need a computer access
card this fucking pgq you're this
fucking sergeant that's the computer
cutter and computer access card slot
it's a computers deal one from the lens
the power switch I hate you game your
lousy lack creativity yeah oh no Sonny
Sonny bomb computer you finally
succumbed to use of alcoholism and your
brain functions are stuffed compute a I
know that what that's a reference to
that's a reference as far people do
that's a reference to Star Wars Episode
one The Phantom Menace
yes exactly well that's a reference to
when Scotty tried to in Star Wars when
Scotty tried to break into the TARDIS
but he had to bypass the flux capacitor
first the homicide room the graph on the
wall Chad's homicides for the past three
years like inflation like inflation the
crime rate rises steadily that's clearly
a street map that is clearly a three man
that's clearly clearly a street map that
is absolutely not a graph on the wall
charting homicides
they put zero fucking effort into this
zero fucking effort
the filing counted belongs to the
captain he always gives it locked a
phone but you know what that is now
right the destemmer officers assigned to
homicide
rarely do I find anything of interest on
the bulletin board
this is gonna be this the police quest
three it's gonna be a Frankie disaster
isn't it so far it's not looking good
this is this is gonna crash the Sonny
Bond saga I'm not saying we won't finish
it but it's not looking promising
captain Tate runs the homicide division
for the Litton Police Department let's
poop dick 1579 says this might be more
boring than no man's sky oh my god yeah
that's saying something that's sorta
bones sorry I can't talk trouble first
meeting what oh oh
they timed out the text timed out I
couldn't finish reading it his voice
sorry how do you think you better get
back on the streets where you belong oh
but you're a sergeant why are you on the
streets
hey pop it's politics politics is all
politics
and they have to use the hand icon on
the door that's fine that's fine I guess
that's what what the point-and-click
equivalent of a puzzle is on lesser god
yes
yes what I will don't worry about it
okay worry about it yeah yeah I will
there's nothing you can do about it what
you gonna do nothing you can do can't I
can't there's something over here is
there a locker room or something there's
something I could do
oh that's right he was used it's time to
traffic because of staffing it is
something that's right you're right fuck
it
great just fuck it does it fuck
everything all the time forever VAR er
77 says hey guys I believe one or both
of you are Stephen King fans
if not you can ignore this if you are
any thoughts on the upcoming Dark Tower
movie with Idris Elba and Matthew
McConaughey I'm really not my opinion of
Stephen King is he's had some nice
concepts for stories yes but he's had
some terrible endings every single one
of his endings has been terrible most
ubiquitous and Andy's takes point so
he's way too verbose some other things
wait wait he doesn't get to the point
it's not it's not it's not an
efficiently told story any time like
like he's good at atmosphere he's great
at premises and I find myself reading a
lot of his books just because his ideas
are so great but they always end like
shit
every single one yeah I've been told
that The Dark Tower series is pretty
good yeah I didn't read it just because
I know his endings are shit I like it
Idris Elba as an actor I like Matthew
McConaughey as an actor and it'll
probably have a really great premise
some fun interesting things and then end
poorly
so that's all I can expect bud it looks
good
okay because two actors who are involved
are good actors that's the only thing I
know
so this is Manuel have anything about
bracelet procedures
I'm much quieter than okay Houma about
procedures though I'm sure before I get
in this car and everything blows up
everything's gonna blow up now I'm
slightly louder probably too much louder
okay there we go all right please call
dispatch have lots oh okay
levels of force let's see we got here
where there's a lot of manual of course
use a keyboard vehicle code standard
operating procedures arrest assault
crime corn or detective evidence fact
felony facts what do I need facts for
traffic officer maintain high visibility
while on routine traffic patrol clearly
visible patrol cars are proven to reduce
the instances of traffic collisions in
the area of operations to pay special
attention and take immediate action on
the following accident causing
violations excessive speeding driving
under the influence reckless driving
failure to stop at a red light failure
to stop at a stop sign driving too slow
in the fast lane check your car I guess
you can't do that with a point-and-click
how do you how do you I use point and
click to do inspect car you should just
click on the I icon but you just do that
anyway just to examine something like a
puzzle for officer safety make
right-hand approaches on car stops right
hand approach that's important and we
saw that earlier make sure they have
sufficient evidence for successful
prosecutions search and handcuff all
prisoners patrol the freeway at 55 miles
per hour and pay attention to the flow
of traffic I have getting in my car so
boring it's that big boring this is all
boring this is all boom where do you
think you are going I thought I was
trying to use the fucking dispatch
there's a radio in the car right
sorry I don't have a radio in vmd Madrid
now I don't all right
oh they're saying you need to go do you
need to go get your equipment that's
possible is that a thing I remember that
from the early ones well see if I could
find a lack of room great unit 603 idiot
says there is nothing wrong with
point-and-click so you just need a good
one
you should try loom the latest
masterpiece of fantasy storytelling from
Lucas Films Brian Moriarty loom whatever
from Brian Moriarty hippie bloom from
Brian Moriarty and Anonymous is hijack
and rich incredibly important question
to you before your bacon crispy or chewy
suey
uh you know why can't it be a little bit
of both a little balls better kirkut
bake series better than crispy given the
choice given the given the one absolute
or the other krispies horrible I mean I
like it a little bit of both do you
prefer the edges of brownie or the
center of brownie not a big chocolate
guy zero brownie I prefer the center
because the edges are usually bent for
the edges of hash brown how about that
you prefer the edges here parts of the
hash brown oh sure yes I agree with that
I agree with that thanks for the great
content lol a flock of my clock please
yeah I'm getting requests to please talk
like this forever people seem to like
this voice okay I don't know quite what
it is
British villainous you know what this is
this is my Sherlock Holmes villain voice
well hello there homes but not but not
Moriarty not quite not quite good enough
to be more I think I think that's what
caught me into it it was a little
Moriarty but I'm not that devious you
see I'm I'm rather slow my major crime
is I push children over Sherlock Holmes
easiest case
I'm standing in the men's locker room
this is the men's locker room
hence the lockers hence the Med getting
flashbacks to wings anyway anyone else
feel like a feel like a duck roll right
now now that's a food item not it's not
a sex position now what was my
combination oh yes I wrote it down on
the inside giver of my police manual oh
oh oh
police manual you wrote it on the inside
cover that's what it says seven seven
six seven seven six is is the code on
your police manual oh that's a dead look
code yeah well I don't see a cold and
it's a code how do I get in touch with
this tiny dispatch where's the dispatch
go go who you have to find them you have
to find them that's the storage closet
what maybe I want to know what's in the
storage closet okay that's four no
that's her that's her that's possibility
bullets damn straight
oh the better well this is an adventure
game so I'm just gonna take everything
absolutely here we're gonna click on
disappointing click click I could take
flares and better yeah I got all the
things I could take I don't have to
think about it all this is a
point-and-click great try your best
pierce brosnan oh I don't even know what
Pierce Brosnan's sounds like he said
he's so normal he's such a normal Brit
he doesn't have a fun accent
Oh rich if you take the batteries you'd
lose why that's just what someone said
and I thought it was funny so I repeated
it so I repent oh hey there's dispatch
you found it you win yay I put the
batteries in the flashlight I knew that
was gonna come up I was way ahead of
that one notebook that's the description
they wrote for this just says notebook
well is there anything in the notebook I
don't know say anything interesting I
don't know Bridget
there is an important question from
caesarean part that you should address
on stream what hopefully not a redundant
question haven't got the stream lately
but are you guys gonna play the Dead
Rising 1 PC port on the stream thanks
for more police quest you hack fraud
fucks that is an important question
and I know you have an answer for this I
don't know there's a good reason to play
it on the stream I'm definitely glad
it's coming out somebody gifted it to me
I'm very grateful for that
mm-hmm I've already had the ultimate
Dead Rising stream you not only did you
have an absolutely perfect game you
ended it whilst spitting and you did it
all live in front of an audience yes so
there is recorded proof of your perfect
game yes what how why else would why
would you ever play that again there's
no reason to what's done right I've hit
the peak right so so I don't know you
did the game froze halfway through
that's it
trying to invalidate my run I'm gonna
remember that name really on that called
him called out the real vanish it down
my perfect game shit he don't take them
that he don't take none of that shit dog
Mike downs is the head technician he
runs the computer facilities because
he's a big fat nerd oh that's why they
put him in front of a computer it's all
he's good for
really I remember picking on him back in
high school
hmm sheesh Eva's head into the toilet
after I took a crap in it I really I
really wasn't kind to Mike downs I'm a
cop now so I can get away with it
I could she ever sent the toilet right
now there's absolutely nothing he could
do to stop me
correct I can murder Mike downs put a
gun in his hand and claim it was
self-defense
I could I have that power remember that
time I caught the death angel twice I
can do whatever I want I own this town
that doctors in there hey fatso fatso
big loser
remember what we called you that what
does dispatch what fatso girls help move
hey bones
we need rapid Falls to return a call
oh you cow pushing card I'm a baby
Persian name messenger boy do you
remember the toilet I have memories of
the toilet I thought so then you have
memories of the toilet
don't hampering it the ground floor
do you MIT einem you know what my my my
my nerd needed a little more like a
breathlessness
well at least I'm I'm cheeto dust hold
on
and just your excitement got got me a
little exciting how a loud breath now
maybe the game would let me get in my
car so I can run down some criminals
very good or maybe just some pedestrians
we'll see how it goes I know knows this
jack
when are you adding the stand up timer
to the overlay it can replace the game's
title since twitch displays it by
default
anyway also this game is shite play
through the quest of blurry series
instead Oh quest of Glory has grinding
which would slow the game down
considerably how you doing boy I
wouldn't mind doing it but it wouldn't
be it wouldn't be a fast peppy stream
sure and I do know that twitch has the
the game title up there so do we have a
map how do we know how do we navigate
but you know also remember past
broadcasts and we cut them up for
YouTube some of that serves a purpose
stand up time there's not a word an idea
Stan just drove off the road
what all right there's got to be a way
to control driving this is a
point-and-click that makes you use the
keyboard for driving that would suck was
this one of those awkward ears point and
clicks fuck's sake I'm getting there
there is a street grid of Lytton I got I
got a little map yeah guide for new
cadets first day briefing notes
you drew a little picture of your badge
there's a picture of your whore wife
like a real picture of you and your
whore wife no oh that I'm sneaky
into the woman's room what nice yeah
Oh only didn't know who don't stop I
want to read the things you fucking she
was she was in their undies she was in
her undies well it autoscroll that so I
couldn't read that funny sending Kahn's
voice I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh the riddle of Steel says law school
resumes tomorrow and you guys are the
only thing keeping me sane prereq is
great no man's sky side note who the
fuck thought a game all about Mass
Effect 2 planet probing would be a good
idea that lady had a beard professional
boxing guess I went in at the rug time
you better own like you oh you just want
to see my boobs and butt oh I don't like
it did you look at me when I'm not
dressed
it's as inappropriate that's what it
said yeah yeah I think rich put it
really well last dream which is you know
this no man's sky is what would be fluff
in a better game but it's just the whole
game I don't kill Foster I have not
heard of the silver case if it's a new
suit of 51 game it doesn't get me any
more excited and I don't think suda51
made a good game in a while check it out
so
uh-huh
arch of IL says hi guys I have a weird
story to share about my family's chicken
ranch lately I've been having trouble
with Larry oh well a guy who breaks into
farms and has sex with livestock lol
fucks my cocks that's a great job that
was a fantastic job there we go now
we're in it now we're in the swing of
things now we're in the that's now in
the swing of things
gobbling hooks random suggestions set
the stand up timer to the opening of the
star-spangled banner' that'd be fun yeah
and you know I I haven't been too
concerned about the Senate like it today
I rode my bike here and so it's like I'm
getting plenty of leg exercise I'm just
tired and I'm also like wearing my
biking shorts so I'd be a little more
hesitant to stand up and show you my
sweet ass biking shorts but uh
oh yeah rich you should probably save
the game yeah
I'm sorry if you like an appointment you
can come back later dink I'm in control
now I've run the computers and I may be
in about twenty years but right now I'm
still in gen I don't like that about you
but the psychic powers I have obtained I
foresee a thing called the internet
where you will be mastered and people
like me good honest hard-working men
will be the slaves that time is not yet
know I hope I see that I am I I have a
crippling heart condition it's called
extreme obesity it's really bad for you
I forgot
oh no go back restore higher mansi's as
hijackin rich i started watching live
streams almost ten years ago and that
first stream was police quest three I
feel like things have come full circle
also rose colored glasses lie and that's
very true about all the games I never
had row I never I never played this one
oh yeah because it's I hate that I hated
the point it's a point like right the CR
point cloaks were terrible
so far it's it's looking looking a
little no wait you already put some
batteries in your flashlights didn't you
that was before we died oh we died I did
I did
we died I did yeah you know like
sometimes rose-colored glasses works at
you know in recently replaying half-life
2 that's a fine game a lot a lot of fun
stuff in that game doesn't look the
greatest overall but that was still a
fun game I have fond memories of that
alright now we gotta figure driving out
okay keyboard for this or what maybe oh
did he say where I was going oh fuck I
don't know where I'm going I don't know
where you're going yet we may need a
walkthrough I'm on it
does it keep my work turn the wheel ooh
oh really
yeah you got a hair trigger so you're
southbound on six hold on I get the map
up are we just gonna guess where you're
going what are the what are the controls
hmm there's no controls I I don't I
don't I don't rich
wait where you going back to the car
des try again because the driving
doesn't work I just want to figure out
how to do things in the car well I think
it's left and right like you were doing
if you hit behind in the car is that
like a slowdown
nope yeah Mike that didn't pop up before
I don't know so then you have to like if
you hold it down
maybe nope
I think you've stopped and then you just
need to like that yeah well it turned
the way I didn't want to turn which was
now you're eastbound on poppy what the
folk' so I see where you are sixth in
poppy where do you want to go do we know
I don't remember okay sure
all right I'm gonna walk up a walk
through a really quick all right I
figured it out you figure out Karl's
control driving wow what a fantastic
idea
okay let's see here
take the road you're on southbound until
you hit the river and then go as far
east as you can until Aspen Falls so you
are westbound on River hold on hold on
West you are now westbound okay so the
driving was more fun in police quest one
yeah like by a lot by a lot okay you're
southbound on six
once you hit river take a right so that
was little ear that was rose this is
Lily as soon as you see River pop up
take a right and boom nice they're gonna
wait until you see something oh shit I
told you the wrong way to go by the way
you wanna get you wanna turn around how
do I do that jet I have no I know how to
do that please quest one idea where the
driving was actually kind of fun no I
think I made a horrible mistake you want
to go to Aspen Falls recreation area
wait so now you're northbound on fifth
so take a nut take a right
run poppy you're on poppy grater that's
great and that'll get you there this
will just go until you hit Aspen Falls
recreational area then you might need to
take another right on on walls oh my god
oh my god oh my god
rich you're supposed to be setting a
good example
oh yeah
frog water says sorry I almost never
give you guys money Jack what happened
to your snack recommendations also will
there be any cheese sandwiches in this
stream lol living on libations frameboys
my cock knobs well today my snack of
choice is is totally naked from New
Glarus a fine fine beer okay so this
time they got left when you get on to
River River
you just ran a stop sign isn't gonna be
a game over
it's it's not yet did I fuck myself up
because this is the Sierra game they're
bastards and they're bastards they were
sometimes I don't have snacks so don't
give snack recommendations sorry about
that and no need to apologize for not
giving us money that's what we give
people the option you just want to watch
you want to give us a little you want to
give us some it's whatever you want to
do what's whatever you want to do
magical flying toaster says I was
finally able to watch space cop and it
was everything I'd hoped it would be
great job by everyone at rlm and their
guests especially rich as like hi from
the future the future of space that's a
full stop right there nice rich nice all
right
so eastbound on River there's gotta be a
street called down right so tell me
there's a street called down
I will check so eventually you're gonna
hit the Aspen recreational area of right
at the end of this and that's where you
want to be but you know don't fall off
the road like you did last time there's
no down we cannot go eastbound and down
I'm sorry
well thank you a magical flying toaster
tiger magical flying tiger anonymous
says welcome to the rich rat welcome to
the rich end Jack greetings from China I
am a new red letter media fan and I'm in
love jack has a gorgeous bald head and I
love the rich belly thank you thank you
no I stopped I didn't bring the D s we
can't play Phoenix right and we could
play something else though
well we haven't given this much imagine
we have really not given this much of a
chance unit 603 it says loom is an
extraordinary adventure with an inter
and interface on magic stunning
high-resolution 3d landscapes
sophisticated score and musical effects
not to mention detailed animation and
special effects this loom apparently
riches the is the bees is the bees
pajamas of course of course
bees pajamas
yeah I don't know how to feel about
sausage party ter both eyes out I've
heard some people say it's funny I've
heard other people say it really sucks
it looks awful like the animation
quality then looks cheap as hell I was
never planning on seeing it because I
don't like Seth Rogen you're going 55
miles per hour on a residential bridge
Manuel says go 55 hi so I was going 55
sure sure
I guess you're right
it's the birds bees you're right
Loum is the hot new indie title is that
true well then you know we're gonna play
it it was the hot new indie title like
20 years ago
oh damn Horacio Svetlana says Jack I saw
the interview and I agree with you that
it's actually a solid movie it really is
I was I go past it
no you you have to run into it there's a
sign what
there was a sign for it oh yeah yeah oh
that's what you sign this appeared i get
out here i don't i can't call dispatch
can i talk to it no i can't do that i XX
no I can't drag fundly with my
environment no why is the engine not
running what is that what is that
spending controls the emergency lights
and siren can I turn it on or you nope I
can't turn it on
I keep clicking it's in my glove box
every joke Berto preach la be open the
glove box you should leave that with the
vehicle unless I have a specific need Oh
what is it
it's a speedometer calibration chat
service record for this guy's pedometer
apartment policy requires it all
speedometers be calibrated every 90 days
oh wow wow
oh no rich is losing it rich is losing
it but anyway yeah if you guys haven't
seen the interview yet I I do not
usually care for that Seth Rogen really
funny movie
really solid comedy movie Seth Rogen and
James Franco run like a celebrity gossip
TV show and James Franco gets an
opportunity to go to South North Korea
to interview Kim Jung on and so it's
like a little little meatballs Yi oh oh
shit
you made it being waved over save
you made it the haters so thank God
you've gotta stop that man he's a raving
lunatic what man I can't choose to ask
you questions I just have to talk to you
with the thug thing you automatically
they say the things just what seems to
be the problem man or as a madman over
there our wife why are you always almost
butt-naked ranting and raving about
aliens matter space he's going to hurt
someone calm down ma'am I've got a gun
the big strong man with the big powerful
gun is here Buddhist Stella wouldn't
calm down until I take care of the
alleged crazy man or slapper
but my hands kind of sore I've been
doing a little slapping lately
he's been acting up so I'm going to
choose not to slap this woman to calm
their hysterics down she's she's been
washing the hysterics that I caused by
her uterus yes Marie's been washing the
dishes she doesn't dry them immediately
though and then you know what you get
the little spots on that is unacceptable
unacceptable unacceptable a little push
little poke a little slap good stuff all
right the grass stage lush and green are
the banks of the river
great the woman seems close to hysteria
over something well you know what honey
something has disturbed the picnic is
what do you have to say say oh okay I'll
go get that fruitcake yep we all us a
nutcase over there by the river lock
that madman up before you hurt someone
Oh officer me on do you something my
phaser
I am on drugs you can tell by my pink
shorts why would I wear pink shorts
officers you have any drugs because I'm
almost out
drugs they're in mean I think he's that
way well I I clicked up here I'll just
I think the madman is that way if you
insist I believe the lady pointed there
are other madman procedures ah-ha-ha-ha
obtaining entry into private property
felony breathalyzer oh there's a
breathalyzer how do I draw my gun like
that I can't
you know it's drawn I just can't because
this is a lousy point-and-click forceful
there is forceful entries into dwellings
levels of force level 1 passive verbal
resistance how do I use things in this
stupid game I don't know I think you
like I think you like let you click that
like your gun like it like it is now and
then you like click it on the bad guy
that's not exciting is like drawing from
the holster yeah yeah that's nowhere
near as exciting I agree I go get that
mad man verbal resistance first oh there
is there is the man's clearly in a
deranged state of mind though whether
because of the LDS some other mental
instability is unclear so first is
verbal so you rarely these plays I'm
scared for poor Amazonians come down all
the way motherships are provoked Scott
Scott put my hand all these things
before I'm repeating them because I'm
crazy mad ok so that's level one level
two is threats indicate an imminent
physical attacked no no weapons used
call for backup if possible use
Department approved hand-to-hand combat
use PR 24 can you call for backup
no you don't have a radio
okay goodbye am I said I don't have that
fruitcake can I can I use let me use my
radio Skulltula House says wikipedia
says that police quest three driving of
the into the police poster driving the
interface has been simplified and
streamlined that's how they sold driving
okay you can't call for backup and TMG
after dark says all this driving got me
thinking what did you two do on your
drivers exams way back in the day I
freaked out the first one yeah freaked
out yeah no driver freaked out house
nervous oh yeah yeah I had a bump like
bumped a curb no turn and the guy was a
dick about it then I just freaked out a
little bit did you pass not the first
time no okay rich terrible driver I was
waiting like like like five hours and
lines and whatnot it was already nervous
to begin with everything about it was
horrible sure sure
I passed my first time oh maybe he's
gone what he's just gone because you
tried to raid cuz I tried to go for
radio well maybe he could go that way
more on on the farm remember the fun
place West game when you get him fall in
the river yeah I do that now no we drove
around a lot I drove trucks off the side
of the screen either I guess he's just
gone and my job is done
Wow we're failing we are failing
well that problem solved itself so I did
a lot of driving beforehand so I was
pretty comfortable citizens the problem
the solves barely the man just went away
at his own pet oh yeah you can load your
savegame and shoot the bum if you want
to saw this saves come
that man up before he hurt sort of he's
gone i I tried the man has departed
when's the last time you saved he's not
there anymore there's nothing I can do
let me walk back maybe he came back nope
the man is gone ma'am
sir whatever you are pixel pixel person
my work is done thanks come I'm just
going home fuck it fuck it a job well
done let him never say that Sonny buns
is it lazy anonymous says hey rich I've
got a great RPG for you
it's called subscribe to my youtube
channel just kidding I love you guys
hope the new computer shopping how's the
new computer shopping going hey you
can't turn around oh no your failure to
secure deranged man resulted in a few
civilian injuries when he attacked a
nearby family you were suspended you
suck at your job wop wop wop you told me
to get back up that's part of it that
was part of thing that was part call for
backup
if possible it was possible it was
possible okay so levels of force level 1
passive verbal resistance usually occurs
during the questioning of a suspect
while on traffic stops firm professional
conduct will in most cases prevent the
situation from escalating
so level 2 hand-to-hand combat PR 24
level 3 deadly force
did you just shoot him what shooting a
perpetrator whose only threat to you is
his mouth and fists is no way to uphold
the law you're suspended from the LPD
what the hell are you talking about this
birthday does make any sense to me
anymore oh I did it I did my job
Oh Sonny bombs I saved the streets from
the filth and the scub that man thought
he was some kind of bathtub alien it was
clearly on the LDS those hippies what's
those hippies start reproducing there's
no stopping that that's when you get a
problem that's when you get a problem on
the subject of PC building I have found
all my parts for a medium form gaming PC
it's gonna look beautiful I'm really
excited about it and I we will build on
stream that's what we talked about right
yeah I'm going to build it on stream
we're gonna have another PC building
stream I'll get all the parts so you
know might take him a couple weeks to
come and I had an idea rich had a crazy
idea
chant see if you're down with his crazy
idea because it's crazy when Jack's
building is PC I want to hook him up to
a heart rate monitor Jack has never
built a PC but I've never built a PC
before it's we're spending a lot of
money again to build something and a lot
of money will be on the line and the
pressure of a live audience is not gonna
help things and I've never done it
before and so we found this thing that
you can hook up to yourself and it hooks
up to a program that will live like
gives you your heart monitor so we can
put the heart monitor on OBS and so
that's gonna happen in a couple weeks
whenever I get yes everyone loves it of
course yeah
I have to wear this thing on my toe you
guys should know that yeah well you
could wear it on your hand for extra
comedy value hey they'll try to sell my
piece yeah
with that dumb thing on my hand so
tomorrow I'm gonna order all my parts
dumb firt well before I order on my
parts I'm gonna double-check that
everything fits in my small form that is
the case which is very important but
tomorrow I'm gonna order all my parts
and so as soon as I get them in we will
do another PC build stream and and I'm
going to build a gaming PC I'm pretty
excited I'm pretty excited about it
you'll have ownership over it jack I was
very proud when I built my first PC I
was so fucking proud of myself yeah yeah
before that I always had to have my dad
help me with every every computer
problem I ever had my dad my dad's a
computer guy like you know working on
computers and he built my first however
many computers my first like primitive
one and then he built my first like
serious one mm-hmm and you know I ever I
had any kind of technical problem I had
a dad call him up call him at home yeah
yeah me read the error message to him
and one problem one time the problem
she's like like it like something loose
inside then I had the jiggle around and
you know I learned of the ship myself
I'm not gonna bug my dad about it
nice ya know I'm getting a lot of the
same stuff that rich got for his
computer as far as like CPU cooler and I
have to get us slightly they're getting
a tiny one for some reason I I want a
small a smaller form computer because of
my desk situation and I want it to look
pretty
I know if it's if it's gonna hang around
my desk and it'll it'll need to be up
above on my desk cuz I don't want it on
my floor cuz there's a lot of cat here
he wants it to look pretty I want it to
look pretty there's nothing wrong with
one on your computer to look pretty
nothing wrong with don't you get like
the the neon green one with like a hole
cut in the side when with with lights
it's it's brushed aluminum I'm getting
the Leanne Lee PC q10 case yeah
lol I am
I PC q10 case which is not super small
form but smaller form brushed aluminum a
glass side so you can see your work it
looks gorgeous I'm very excited about it
and so I had to get a different graphics
card than rich got because I can only
have a graphics card that is ten and a
half inches John I'm gonna I'm gonna
help Jack as little as possible right
right as little as possible and maybe
maybe if you start taking like the the
the whatchamacallit I forgive or they
think they call that gunk gunk that you
put on top of your process if you're
starting like putting it on the pins or
something yeah I will yell stop sure
yeah
but well I was and like I I agree with
everyone who's saying performance is
more important than outside looks which
I absolutely agree and I'm not
sacrificing in any performance areas
which is why if I you're gonna have
heating problems I according to the
people on the internet I shouldn't have
any heating problems thermal paste Thank
You Chad thermal paste but uh so it
should perform just as well
you can't yeah you can't just beat him
up here wait why can't I beat him up all
right for some reason I choose not to
beat him up using a nightstick on
someone who wasn't threatened you was
against the law which every I am the law
I don't understand how I can be against
myself quite frankly I'm not close
enough to handcuff the man well this
this will try to stop me I'll be free
prize if you're we're afraid I'm trying
to contract the Bradley earlier hey what
are you doing that's my badge right I
gotta take a break
rather dance on this rock rub my pony
and sculpt your branch we'll all mud
motor strip will squash you like a cup
kind of read the rest can't believe this
guy
deranged men can be really slippery now
I've got no bad I warn you if you don't
worry I'm gonna have hurt you
sorry I must be Iraq you ordered
fortunately I'm carrying a spare bed I'd
put it on what kind of fucking puzzle
this dad I didn't see a spare bed my
fucking inventory right that's just
weird
we're gonna take your clothes by the
clothes probably belonging to the
half-naked perp is sitting by the racks
that attended I search the terrain the
deranged man's clothes hoping for
something which will lure him out of the
water okay
I find a set of keys and a driver's
license which is a strange thing for a
hippie to head hey fella I think I've
got something years I Rosa long for is
moral oh no I'm not going to leave them
alone they're in my hand
right godbye kid why can't I just shoot
this bad this is Bryan Forbes license
number seven eight nine six one two
great I have the nuts keys great shoot
the keys oh you fucking stupid inventory
system fucking point-and-click garbage
release those case mortal I am the
chosen one
not you ah gobbledygook says join the
NVIDIA GTX a 1080 Club Jack I have a 43
inch 4k monitor I said a few frite from
it and overwatch looks fantastic I don't
think I can get the 1080 because I
believe that is 11 inches and I can only
have 10.5 inches in my rubber people
it's all about looks I apply one on
nice looking tall about the love a
graphics card I am getting it should be
a nice enough graphics cards for my
personal use I want a nice looking piece
see there's nothing wrong with one a
nice looking PC colleague I my old South
Bala I hauled back and throw the keys as
far as I can to the river what good is
that good that's not what I wanted to do
I wanted to dangle them by the side of
the river
what why would you do that I your keys
in my badge on neighbors this is all
very childish okay we let you fly that
in flat flutter ignoramus ruined by a
man named Ernest knob rod
take that yeah first of all sweet moves
sweet sweet moves oh sorry no is that
your fault that was only on the screens
like a second boom I get the hip I did
something great that I wasn't allowed to
read police quest three let me get back
into the manual here for booking never
enter a booking facility with your
weapon and remove all personal items
from the prisoners pockets and place
them into the booking drawer what's he
going into the passenger seat the front
why would you put him in the front the
front that can't be right and hold on
hold on
it doesn't say anything here about like
getting a memory into the right part of
your car just about booking so quite
frankly what I should have done in that
situation hmm was I should have shot a
black man who was lying on the ground
with his hands in the air that would
have been the proper way to handle that
situation and in hindsight I regret my
actions
no no rich no rich loner our chances
jack are you taking into account of your
kids using this computer or just
exclusively you just exclusively me and
I won't I will not I do not plan on
using this computer for anything other
than games that's it I'm still I will
still have my regular computer which is
functioning adequately for editing for
all the offices of this is just for
games for prereq so no my kids will
probably not touch my computer
hilariously the visitor says I ordered
oh nothing I wasn't the one no no don't
look at me cows cow yeah you should be
able to call I stubbornly refused to use
my radio for any reason it's right here
I'm staring at it but I cannot use it
okay what else can you put the prisoner
in the back of your car this is seems
like there's a backseat he's just
sitting there where he could do anything
to me really you know kind of like
leaned over his arm fuck with the gear
shift reduce riding I mean he's only in
his underpants but did you pat him down
no I don't think I did okay no no let's
restore cuz you know what I probably
need to do that sure what oh you're way
back here yeah you're right
the I Colonel rich mustard there are no
radio instructions in the instructions
I'm looking here there's military time
traffic officer for officer safety make
sure they have sufficient evidence
search all search and handcuff all
prisoners to that search so okay use the
rating we use the radio sparingly is
what this says why I because that's what
it says rich that's the dumbest fucking
thing I've ever heard yes I know so
that's what the manual says about using
the radio and the scuba Stefano says I
hope you guys are ready for another good
laugh because another Resident Evil
movie is coming out also our Josh Colin
and that other Canadian guy gamers josh
is not a gamer I know Colin plays Colin
is a gamer he has a PlayStation 4 I know
he games Jim I don't know
I'm not really sure I know I'm sure I
mean I know I know he wanted to be on a
stream but just didn't work out with
timing what sure but that doesn't mean
he likes games hang out
oh sure and even if he likes games and
yeah it doesn't necessarily means he
plays them a lot but you know but I mean
it's great I'm I'm just happy that Melia
is still working right god bless Melia
Jovovich that lady is some something
pretty to look at let her be in whatever
movie she wants to be in does it I think
her husband directs those movies so it's
like she she spend in time with her
family making schlocky movies good for
her good for her oh by the way yes I
solved this puzzle completely by
accident thanks to point-and-click yeah
yeah I was trying to waive the keys in
front of him like near him right instead
the game decided that I was going to
throw them in the river which is a dumb
solution anyway but it's not what I
wanted to do also with the clothes you
you were planning on picking up his
clothes but the game told you you were
searching them right I was I want to
search them okay
oh no no no leave them on the ground and
search is doing this automatically I
can't search him after well but maybe
before you put him in the car wait wait
maybe before you put him in the car you
can search no I don't think I'm not
taking the chance if I loved I loved the
fifth element it's been a while since
I've seen the fifth element I loved that
movie
i hardcore love to that movie love
present-tense
the fifth element oh the point click he
won't walk around you won't want the
rain of wine I know that god I hate
pointing clicks Ryan vine says guys
heard of rim world
heard of it know very little about one
of the best survival strategy games I've
played in a long time it's like FTL and
Dwarf Fortress had a baby I think I was
thinking of Discworld so oh yeah this
world is the book yeah
rim world the great little stories come
from it plus it's nice and challenging I
will add that to the list that sounds
that sounds fun what do I expect the
finder that guy's Underpants the ship
he's hiding there that he will stab me
with the minute I'd taken the cuffs off
at the the booking place absolutely what
am i jail yeah absolutely I know how
this shit works
and then the little cop will come on
screen said it's important to follow
procedures you have to search every
handcuff the car anyway you go fuck you
oh you fuckers that's that's how that's
supposed to work that's that's that's
how the game works yeah that's life rim
rim world rim job huh rim job yep got it
thank you for the the game suggestion
but chip yep the old butt Shiv one two
but chipper ooh that's well that is the
game play like that's all the gameplay
they had back in the day it's it's
basically puzzle solving say I wanted to
search him yeah what it says is you
already down police brutality wasn't
part of your training no I was trying to
search him let's try to point-and-click
though I guess I can expect them to do
anything right
it's quite an click that's just when you
look at him that's like everybody off
legs pointing clicks I know bye baby bye
exaggerating my frustration slightly
might a little bit of hyperbole yeah a
little bit of hyperbole it's tough
because you know you wanna you want to
voice your opinions and you want to be a
little comedic about it but you know you
know I'm sure there's already a savage
email coming our way about you not
giving them point clicks proper take it
over here to attorney they're gonna
every point and click game you have to
play this one this is a great demand you
play this we demand you play this we
demand we demand this is the one you
need to play I know you'll hate RPGs and
vampires yep here's a vampire RPGs and
you can have to play it what year what
year is this game hold on I have the
manual I have the men well I can tell
you what you know I can search him no no
no no no cuz I tried to search him by
the riverbank well that didn't work I
might not have thought to do it over
here because I already tried
no no point-and-click which what year is
this this game yeah there's no there's
no year on the manual
9b maybe one okay maybe one to 91 -
you're glad you did
search him at the car nevertheless I'm
glad I did when I discover a knife he's
concealed in his briefs what did I tell
you Chan what did I tell you about what
was gonna happen if I didn't search this
man you were gonna get butchered I was
gonna get bud shivved
now I've now I've just got a handful of
shitty but knife so I like glad I did
that I got this shitty but live steady
dick I didn't walk back to the river
oh my god people didn't carry around
like hand sanitizer in the 90s or
disinfectant wipes or anything like that
now he's just got he's got but knife if
they invented the sanitization gel yet
is it that if this happened
like I was talking with someone on
Twitter today about about a game and and
asked if i ever played persona 4
do you know persona and everyone and and
that's he's asked if I ever played and I
said oh no I didn't it's never looked
like something I enjoyed and and it's
he's like he's like well there's monster
hunting but there's also like it's like
a high school anime melodrama mixed with
monster and answer oh yeah it's anime
about high school okay so I have to play
it well and I said that's that's
probably why I'm stuck away from it
because I don't care about anime a high
school melodrama but then he found a way
to sell me on it okay he was like no no
that it's it's it's done really
pitch-perfect
it's you know think about the tone of
something like stranger things now as I
go okay yeah that now you're cooking my
buttons
now you type in me so you know what
sometimes you guys just have to sell it
better maybe that's your problem
I'm trying again with the rady nope
can't use the radio use the radio nope
nope nope can't use the radio nope
alright hey that's fine Bryan Forbes
license Bryan Forbes Bryan Forbes oh
let's see here mice happen steaks tell
me to run through the computer on a Tron
oh nice
just this kind of says I don't I don't
know about this go I need to debit well
I don't like what's going on what's
going on method what I don't like what's
going all method when sunny bombs does -
rich yeah rich gets a little method with
sunny bombs although it's nice to play
an older game for a bit instead of more
indie hotness yeah we try to try to
change it up we've been doing a lot of
indie hotness lately look Mike my
comment about shooting the unarmed man
who was lying on the ground with his
arms up yeah was clearly sarcasm in
character okay this is something that
Sonny bonds would do right but I thought
it was obvious by the way I said it that
rich Evans
does not agree with that right you
should say that clearly people should
know that you don't loan are our chances
rich whatever you do don't play the RPG
Xenosaga other than the obvious tropes
in other RPGs the cutscenes are
obnoxious reaching 30 minutes without
skipping thanks for the heads up
Wow whatever 30 minute cutscene whatever
yeah whatever
what does procedure now whether we're
the resting them do bit to the thing let
me get back to the thing the rest the
ban the rest of and now you want to be
in my wrath let me satire I guess it was
satire more than sarcasm well you're
doing a character yeah yeah satire would
be a better word for what I was doing
oh sure sure oh yeah yeah I'll give it a
gimme and game a game game game games
time Gibson Gibson this thing squirrels
like shit
this thing's grows like shit ah userupp
themselves fence okay great
taking evidence booking evidence booking
prisoner
I think you book the prisoner next okay
oh wait physical arrest procedure
handcuffing yeah all male suspects shall
be cuffed with hands behind their backs
all females assist
yeah all female suspects shall be cuffed
cuffing with hands in front or rear is
left to the discretion of the officer
however due to the increase of assaults
the Department recommends hands to the
rear I am straight that was my idea
I recommend hands to the rear when it
comes to females do you know I'm Sam and
I go I'm your foam no mum foam what good
violation deserves another sweet tickety
I think so I think next you'd go taking
of evidence use caution I think you
booked next okay because that's it I ran
his name through a license plate is
there anything like what do I do with
this thing then that's four that's four
cars I don't know what form 900 years
like warrants there we go
what's a form 900 a flip skip I don't
know man that's right striker 1 1 2 1
everyone knows what I'm saying
all right well how are you back at the
police station oh shit
westbound on River I'm just navigating
the manual okay so you are in the Aspen
Falls yeah so west on River and then
north on 6th
some sweet tunes

[Part II]
xerath evil sounding name rich we the
twitch community know the perfect game
for you
it's a JRPG turn-based vampire fantasy
game with point-and-click elements and
QuickTime events at every turn
that's the rich saved rich saved
everything's fine
so yeah it's it should be a couple
blocks up now it's straight chop yeah I
think it's on your left it's right after
Rose
I think you have to pull in okay okay
nice nicely done rich
yes and we will do a sieve stream we've
talked about that we do want to do a
civilization from that will be fun just
because it's been a while since I played
don't talk to the man anything fun the
man doesn't want to talk to you you know
what everyone the point-and-click
experience the man wants his underpants
lock us in for storing my weapons before
entering the jail that's right
all weapons with that I guess I'm a comp
nightstick uh yeah sign reads Litton
county police department
admiral big eighty-nine yes someone
actually just recommended rimworld to us
as a sci-fi dwarf fortress rim job well
sounds like a fantastic game I'm looking
forward to it we put it on a list I want
I do want to do many board game streams
we're probably gonna get a ton in
October
mostly because I happen to have a lot of
spooky board games just this weekend
rich got a taste of a mysterium on that
fun mmm
neat game mysterium AKA ghost clue which
is a neat game that I think we could I
think we could have a really fun stream
out of mysterium house or what is it a
house on Haunted Hill or House of the
haunted manner or manor and the Hound
haunted house whatever it is we have
that one I have a lot of horror games
and so the prison has doors that just
open when you walk up to them it's not
it's not a very well thought out prison
we gotta do something about our highest
scape right well we could think it's a
big problem here we could just you know
lock these doors I told them personally
that I thought it was a mistake to build
the jail into the old supermarket I was
I was right about the security issues
they ignored me they were
there was there was a budget crisis
going on you know who are you why are
you why are you rushing me detective
officer Smith hey what happened to the
old guy what happened to the sir for the
way I'm another orange head surfer guy
he was a surfer right Jack huh oh that's
right yeah this guy's got gray hair Oh
me and the the years haven't been kind
of me something but it's only been a
year since I last saw you
yeah man I got scared really bad I was
surfing and a great white that you
didn't bite me and I was just
remembering a movie I saw me and gave me
flash because yeah that's it and even
saying that my hair just turned a little
more white dude just was very scary it
is I actually haven't seen it I just saw
the post hey earth to Sonny you gonna
give me this guy's belongings or what no
I just want to find some way to get the
jaws for because that is so fucked up
but I can't do it I can't do it I can't
give this the jaws for sorry I'm sorry I
keep circling around jaws and it's not
funny is the point I was a lot
I was trying and I was going with my own
bit and that I've actually never seen
jaws I just saw the poster but thinking
about that poster man scared the bejesus
out of me give me your stuff hey crying
you jerk listen up dink give me the
stuff no don't put the knife on the
glass man but the suspects knife into
the drawer what about his keys I'm sure
he had some sort of keys you got some
guts digging in that guy's Underpants
did you like it it's like I do every I
mean yes I have some guts
nothing nothing strange goes on at
Wang's
I grow it just eggrolls
definitely egg Moses yes that's what my
breath smells like it's egg rolls both
leave the road yes I will talk about
that rich hasn't seen it maybe we can
take a break and watch it and it's so
great which over watch blizzard recently
came out they make little animated
shorts for their characters and the new
one was just released called the last
bastion and Bastion is a character in
the game who's a robot
the whole backstory of the game is like
sentient robots versus people and there
was a big war anyway Sebastian is and
he's like a robot looking robot there's
one of the teams in overwatch robots a
lot of characters are robots but the
teams are mixed the teams are mixed yeah
ok and and like at one time it was
humans versus robots at one time they
work together like there's a lot of
backstory ok for a simple first-person
shooter but Bastion is a robot and this
animated short the last bastion is one
of those perfect examples of
storytelling without any dialogue
there's no there's no dialogue in it
it's just Bastion and his little bird
friend and it is gorgeous and wonderful
and if you're a fan of the game like I
am it just adds a whole new it adds a
layer to playing his Bastion and you
want to you just kind of want to give
the robot a hug he's beautiful
human versus robot well it's good to
praise your books bonds that's why it
why don't you do your job man I don't
know how I don't know how to do my job
didn't you read the man what I don't
know I saw you know what I just have
somebody else do that this first thing I
do is never bring a weapon into the
booking facility man it's in the lock
it's taken care of
that's great one done with it we got
that nothing that down number two dude
remove all personal items from the
prisoners pockets and place them into
the Brooking drawer big big check there
yes ok number three and the final one
submit proper violation codes
the booking officer but so I got to look
up the codes now man okay what do we
think he was doing penal code resisting
arrest murder attempted murder
kidnapping armed robbery assault and
battery assault and battery on a police
officer on how to do that
what's the the machine over there I'm
like on the way right yeah what's that
they gas chromo to chromatograph this
machine measures the blood alcohol
contact of breath samples oh yeah bring
him over there now how do I you've
already searched didn't there's no
reason to test this guy's problems
reading deeper than alcohol oh man
what's bad thing
tell dispenser for clean ups it's not
uncommon as prisons bitters believe yeah
yeah yeah Deanna and the floor bodily
fluids Wang's pay phone provides it
means go outside go sometimes we get a
little Wang juice all over the place cuz
you know at Wang's you get the sauce I
don't know what to do pal can you speak
to him can you talk to the man and give
him the code talk to the man I probably
have to do that printout thing in the
car 904 is that a thing I have to do I
don't know it's it it's I don't know
finish up in animal I'm trying jerk
son of a bitch hold on I mean good here
submit proper violation codes to booking
officer so what are we booking this
wind-ups I had to click on the door okay
so
resisting arrest murder attempted murder
kidnapping armed robbery assault and
battery assault and battery on a police
officer burglary possession of a
controlled substance possession of
cocaine possession of a concealed weapon
concealed weapon yeah what else other
things that's it what's a code for
concealed weapon 1 2 0 to 5
okay I'm not gonna do anything weird
with this guy it's gonna hit him with
the sauce oh no okay man wait scrolling
through too fast seventh seventh Avenue
on the Hein ramp he needs you to sign
something because you're the supervisor
I think he I think that's the lesbian Oh
pussy that pen I didn't know that was a
lady hey yeah I know my eyes are bad I
should probably smoke marijuana for
because my eyes are so bad that's why I
smoke so much don't you think oh man no
no I forgot go back go back go back go
back go back back back back back back
back back back back - leave me turn
around would you what would you my god
is that the place you need that man if
you gotta shoot it yeah I need that I
always need my gun you need to shoot the
bad guys man that's the one first rule
of I don't know why how I'm still
talking to you you must be thinking
about me where the radio we're using the
radio that's how I'm doing it
the other way we can use the radio as if
we pretend we're using the radio over
and out man over and out - didn't we get
back to the police station
- Dax oh God I don't know how to get
back to the police station I'm a
northbound I'd say well hold it hold on
we need to think I'm at rose we need to
thank - Dax sorry I threw something
Irish to this thank you it says uh one
one PRL police quest Space Quest or
Phoenix Wright game is better than a
months of cable programming well this is
a totally a terrible one and frog water
says rich have you seen blood of heroes
no Rutger Howard leads a team
through us port where a dog's skull is
put on a pike in the post-apocalypse
just came out before blind justice hmm
okay man where are you on northbound on
seventh I think I met rose okay seventh
and Rose northbound northbound on
seventh and Rose okay if you take a left
on peach peach ahead of me
peach is ahead of you if you're on
seventh and Rose why can't I go over
there we go alright I don't know why I
couldn't but yeah laughter and then a
left right away on sixth
and then the police station is on your
right it'll be the next thing is that is
ladies man and I clicked and he went by
him
I was sure you and I was doing the the
surfer stoner character from that that
was part of the thing that was apartment
it's doing a thing I did we did thank to
Dax syntax is very thankful I don't
quite understand what frog water was
saying but did you read today I did read
today so he said he said one police
quest based quests Oh Phoenix right game
is where is better than a month's worth
of cable programming and and we thank to
Dax you have to click like 10 times
okay hey man did you forget your gun no
I've been high I just I I felt like
coming back here we've I've been using
it I've been using it for stuff that a
gun shouldn't be used for I need to
requisition a new gun I take my god he
gave tons of gun they simplify the
driving mechanics right they've totally
simplified it oh no I forgot
I completely forgot where we were going
oh they're saying handcuffs do you have
handcuffs how do you used handcuffs I'd
be good I like get them I don't know oh
I remember where you're going okay where
are you going what were you going to
have handcuffs hmm I should get
handcuffs how do you get more handcuffs
don't worry about a cellphone oh six
take take a left uh do you think oh my
god you're going through this whole
thing oh my go oh my gourd
they say in the drawer cuffs in the
drawer
he told you to collect them in the
lock-up drawer or you weren't looking at
the screen
we weren't okay we weren't we're sorry
right oh my gourd yeah welcome to this
week's episode of old men play old games
playing quick games in their fancy
newfangled fish they're back in my day
we had to type what we did it was fun
but I've heard of Zork once your fancy
clicking yep dick I was Gabe do you eat
my chicken dinner did you you son of a
bitch I'm pretty sure you ate my chicken
dinner
and I think you are a son of a bitch
also I've gained an accent 1 2 0 to 5
it's the cowboy Jay everyone talk like
Jimmy's George says hold Tom markup when
when when I had soup I can't anymore I
can't anymore
seventh avenue on-ramp yes my old man
sounds like a toothless Sean Connery
yeah yeah probably
hi I'm Connor he's probably toothless
for this point I went I went a little
like Pakistani and went a little Indian
with that or no don't you dare do that
if you do that I will so that was gross
and you just did that in everyone's here
yeah and you should apologize cuz that
was gross
if you can go northbound on your way out
can you choose which direction you go I
don't know that I can't okay I'm gonna
sue my account okay so as soon as you
leave the police station take a left on
Rose is that the is it the on ramp or
the off ramp on 7im ramp okay take a
left on Rose on Rose the first first
first Dealey boom and now take a left on
7th show a basil and then it'll be right
after peach the on ramp will be right
after peach on your right-hand side yeah
slow it down slow it down and there shit
oh it's too slow stop here no no he's on
the on ramp ruther I think you can click
it like well before you get there I'm
pretty I'm like okay so you you know
left left left left and that'll get you
back there that'll get you right
see they simplified the driving
mechanics rich they're simplified it
that's what they that's what they did
Oh God oh yeah okay number is step
number one after you're done with this
save the game I'm gonna have to refill
the liquids that will go on my body I
will be right back I'll be right back
why are you leaving me alone with this
game why would you do that why why why
why how's everyone doing
Oh Jack I don't I don't remember the
code I don't remember the color there's
a 1 1 to 7
no oh no I can't go back I can't know
the one I got too many no okay
we're gonna say but after we're going
back get our gun back cuz that seems
like it makes sense
now of course slot
I can point and click find clicks this
is why I don't do this why that's why it
my soul will stream suck by the way this
is this is what my soul streams I'm like
I just say I just say I'm gonna do the
things I barely talk I don't know what
I'm doing it's a totally different
experience it's awful
it's just awful now I'm gonna try and
remember the navigations with this
wonderful car driving mouse clicking car
areas sensitive driving method which is
just just the worst thing it's just the
worst
I'm sorry that you're having a bad time
no yeah yeah I think if you click now
you're fine you know
you can click well before this is where
I need to be ah keep just keep going you
think yeah keep going in there maybe
you'll run into oh yeah there it is up
ahead I see a black and white pull up
the freeway along with the detained
vehicle I slowed down and pulled to the
side everyone saying saved the damn game
save the damn game you made it here save
save save save save save save save save
save save save save save save save save
save save late reads eight three seven
five six now if I go back in the car
check the plate am I gonna get up is the
car gonna be gone and this game I'm
gonna say I fucked up after I try to
drive away is that what's gonna happen
as a police officer right now you you
know your role playing as Sonny bonds
here you want to check the plate they do
I do the game however I don't wants me
to do some stupid fucking thing you
probably have to not do that because
he's already pulled over I'm gonna try
it anyway eight three seven five six
eight three four seven five six No okay
now stop
remember the manual you have to approach
from the right yep wait the car the cars
right or my right well right now they're
the same I know I know what it's gonna
be this traffic limit right do we want
to see a funny death uh you just saved
right yeah yeah let's see if funny does
then let's see if funny death absolutely
great
Lawson Technicolor says you forgot to
check your tire pressure game over yeah
yeah you got hit by cars okay that's
good hi hi everybody welcome
welcome me back yes yes yes I'm here
sorry Jen I know last time I told you I
wouldn't be upset with police quest 3
but now I almost am
no no that's fair that's fair that game
play he also rich totally has to play
corpse party octamer else it's a high
school horror anime his favorite the
game doesn't want me to know it's not
time to do that rich it's now time to
solve the puzzle that they said they
want you to solve what she's I can't see
her she's cut off but she is right there
oh ok the absent officer Moore the
officer morels black eyes challenge you
they actually wrote that the officer
Morales black eyes challenge you
the officer morels black eyes challenge
you she impresses me as being both
arrogant and stubborn she has against
more women that I do I mean that uniform
right grade nine band okay boss man you
handle it
why is the violator refusing to sign the
ticket who knows geez first I get this
stupid cow no I got a deal what you do
yeah yeah it's policy about going to
supervise fulfill you decide sucks look
I need you I'm taking a downtown no
you're not you're gonna stand right here
till I have a chance to talk to hahahaha
like I like your moxie I like that you
want to take it downtown but I'm the man
and I can't let you show me up so I'm
gonna get it aside in this thing to
prove I'm right the man is right also
everyone is correcting you on how you're
pronouncing her last name Moore Morales
Sonny Ponce wouldn't know that Morales
is Sonny bonds would fuck that up
I'm gonna keep saying Morales okay I did
get it legit wrong yeah but Sonny bonds
would definitely captured
Morales I'm sorry it's Morales what
my last name clearly I clearly gonna
read it it says morels the focus of
Morel is you know that's right salsa you
people like salsa right next time I go
to Wang's I'll get some Morales Verdes I
agree with rich it's funny if he just
keeps calling him calling her Morales
like Miles Morales right there's what
woman in the guy she looks upset but not
dangerous my hand grips my gun just in
case oh wait were you okay that's fine
apparently that's fine looking at the
young lady I see that she's pregnant
nearly full-term which means I got here
too late but I introduced myself to the
woman and say and say and say and I'm
working myself up to it she's pregnant
but she's still quite attractive you're
into the into the baby bump
well she's so close to term I probably
only have to wait another week or two
dr. smoke trees says you should in fact
the say she needs to wait longer to heal
but dr. smoke crew says you should check
your anus for weapons by the way check
this fearsome weapon do you have to
click on anything obey the watch waiting
side mid site whoa I couldn't read oh my
god I don't want to hit that I don't
care you I don't care you think I'm
afraid to sign a stripper ticket the
kick stop scrolling so fast text what a
waste of my tax money well that's good
you do that she's rude abusive insulting
I refused to sign a ticket for anyone
who calls me a fat girl
would you please reconsider inside the
citation because quite frankly you're
quite fat here no take me to jail I
don't give a fuck I am Who I am yeah
you know I'm sorry I'm sorry it got me a
little weird what should I do with this
lady I think old farmer John's place is
just too far down the road really so you
probably have to like help get the baby
out now right is that gonna be the bit
the woman only winces as though her
emotion of the situation is causing a
physical stress you cannot beat the baby
out of her wrist you cannot damn it I
can't do any of the things I want to do
today you are not allowed to beat the
baby out of her that is not how it works
tires out uh yeah yeah I'm rich you
gotta you got to think your way out of
this one I think you have to talk to
officer and what I'll Adams I assume I'd
say what's up bitch you were being a
bitch to that cut off yeah all right
Morales the violator said you were
abusive and rude why don't I have a hard
time believing that like such is
obviously the ladies hysterical she's
pop softly you look very funny
she's been belligerent in hostel ever
since I stopped her she's begging for a
night in jail so what you want to do
boss man yeah witness her failure to
sign or take her to jail what do you
want to wear Sonny Ponce we're a Sonny
fuckin pot absolutely your choice man
the game now I know damn well hmm the
game won't pay decided but I'm Sonny
Ponce
all right this pigs gonna bring that pig
in brilliant deduction shit like like I
said before I was already sure to take
your dad town the excitement of trauma
of the incident was more than enough to
do the woman's labor oh no the
complications that resulted was
sufficient to bring sizeable lawsuit
against the department hmm Sonny ends up
with non compensated days of procedure
as resulted in a 100 looking dollar
lawsuit Wow hold on where's the police
procedure on them bonds way
well that's no fun no fun all that I'm
I'm checking at
I'm checking if there's any sort of like
procedure that would have warned us
against that obviously the correct thing
to do was to you know waive the
signature but all right that's fine well
because it's what the suits want I sign
its auto-scrolling again and I can't
read any of this right
god damn it game let me read the things
the woman only winces as though the
emotion of the situation is cutting off
the sentencing I am
you'll god damn it ah you goddamn cops
are giving me guess
oh I fear a guy if you have a guest
coming oh it's a fuck but it's coming
out the front what's that called oh I
got a Khalif all over the place Jesus
Christ you're going the Ghostbusters
route
what doesn't she look like she would be
in the Ghostbusters
I'm gonna talk about my lady parts and
that's gonna be good for me
can we have an e mode of that woman's
face maybe I might be able to get a
usable I guess I could slow down the
game speed walking everything slower -
yeah presumably no go away yeah we walk
a lot oh look at that it's not worth the
text no no that makes sense into like a
southern a Southern gentleman police
officer unit 603 it says here is the
money to go by quest for glory one
through five there's a sale on GOG I own
the fuck out of them but the grinding
those games have grinding hmm there are
stats you do things repeatedly to get
those stats up thank you
I remember what every single game it was
a fucking huge pain in the ass level of
sneaking you know by its nature do you
walk it just do walking so you walk
everywhere slow for half the game the
level up you're sneaking oh they're all
unit 603 did is also suggesting a good
LucasArts point click like loom or
monkey island life whenever I haven't
played anything I mean I loved that
quest for glory games yeah actually I
played it before they were forced to
change the name originally was just
hero's quest hmm there's some kind of
legal issue though with the hero's quest
name they couldn't use that he's in
hero's quest the the like light Dungeons
& Dragons Gantt board game yeah but I
don't know it must have been first I I
don't have to write I don't know the
details of whatever it was they hadn't
changed the name it became quest for
glory sure and I like the games actually
I love the second one the second one is
probably my favorite Sierra game and I
like the Sierra games the fourth one is
actually a point-and-click that I like
third one's garbage it's a pretty yeah
third one is fucking hot I think I
remember the board the board game was
supposed to be
like an introductory sport game was
supposed to be an introduction I'm
talking about the game I remember seeing
the box it's it's supposed to be like an
introduction for people into like
Dungeons & Dragons where it's like a
preset out dungeon and you don't need a
Dungeon Master
I don't know if I have it anymore I used
to have the copy of quest for glory one
when it's still called hero's quest oh I
see if you find that that's fun that's
fun I know I don't know I'm sorry this
is a slight chance I've got a digital
backup of it somewhere sure sure here
and MC Lucas says thanks for the stream
as always rich sorry you're frustrated
with pc3 that was fine oh please Chris
it's fine but I honestly can't blame me
this game is bullshit and seems to
cock-block you at every turn
yep hang in there I want to dispatch
what do I do next dispatch does anyone
need me to oh I can't I can't do that
all right I guess we're gonna try and
get back to the station we can get back
to the station I'm sure I'm maybe you're
on the freer on the freeway now right
eastbound on 41 ok the next exit
tell me when you get to that exact it's
a it's a ways it's after 9th Street I
just realized I'm going ten miles an
hour on the freeway yeah you probably
want to go freeway speeds on the freeway
all right I think as soon as that green
sign pops yeah actually um I don't know
what you're gonna do now because you
might might just end freeway since I've
reached the end of my jurisdiction I'd
turn around in the head in the other
direction Oh actually that that is more
helpful so now you want to wait until
you get to the sixth Avenue exit Oak
Avenue wow that guy's going really fast
Oh see if you're gonna catch him
yeah hold on I will do I have a
speedometer I have it a radar how do I
do traffic officer maintain high
visibility pay attention speeding to
excessive speed yep for officer safety
make right hand approaches be
professional
well yeah go see if you can get him is I
gonna fuck me because I don't have a
radar gun it's like a radar car gun in
the front oh maybe yeah yeah just go
talk to him anyway
see what you do gas it up what even
though I clearly clicked on the button
to turn on my siren and I went to hit
the gas I have decided not to pull over
the vehicle
that's a bold decision there Sonny
bullets low decision that I did not make
that would be too fun peach Avenue maybe
that's something you wanna get out fun
huh
hold your horses where are we uh yeah
you can get up on peach yep oh maybe I
clipped it twice or something in my
haste to
are you trying to pulling over again
where is it where to go we didn't speed
up go faster pedal pedal to the limit
nice never the vehicle sees my lights
and finally begins to full of shit yeah
oh we got this alright let me get to the
proper procedures for for pulling over
Oh oh shit large man getting out he has
something in his hands that I cannot
identify and I hold on hold on you hear
the man yell to you police officer oh I
was oh shit are we kosher here
go get him sorry if I screwed you up
what what hell I was speeding you didn't
know me from Adam I'm out of here
peace out brother thank you autos
scrolling text that I can get to read
any of that so he was an undercover he
was a cop tailing a drug runner okay but
there was no puzzle involved there no
like you didn't have to like check an ID
or double like like call it into
headquarters I've just made a prediction
rich has made a prediction we're gonna
get a call about a body we're gonna go
investigate the body it's gonna be him
mm-hmm deep do you think the the the
death angel is back is the death angel
back in Litton to life no I doubt that
oh you murdered him should have run the
plate yeah let me get back to my
daughter do that
that was quick now speed up super gas
nice nice
the suspects car the suspects car no I
love point clicks oh well I did you know
like I think you're right that he's a
he's a story element yeah but wouldn't
it have been a little more police if you
had to do some police work instead of
just like oh you say you're a cop okay I
guess you can go goodbye nice meeting
you mr. cop I don't know even though I'm
a sergeant here great did he show badge
I don't know if he showed imagine nice
if that were that had more of a point to
it maybe maybe she showed a bad I don't
know sure noble kinsman rich knows that
it's not all point and click games but
there this happens to be a point and
click game and it's bad like every
almost every Ciara game that was a
point-and-click is garbage they're games
that aren't point-and-click are some of
my favorite memories right right
Puma man's friend says old men play old
games is my new favorite show thanks to
rich for enduring high levels of
frustration so we may all have a good
laugh at his expense hooray huzzah so I
think you want to get off on peach we
might be past it I guess of the car
chase oh shit
Lily yeah sure get on Lily well I gotta
get back to the map here
okay you are now getting off on Lily so
you want to take a right
why on third once you get off there's an
exit for Lily I think it just made me go
bye Lily
no you're gonna get off on my way and
freeway you missed it there was no exit
there was none okay well since you're
back on it there will be an exit on Lily
again Oh up ahead I see a slow car
hitting traffic in the fast lane oh okay
yeah you're supposed to deal with that
chin is that illegal oh um
now you're gonna impede some traffic
pull them over I'm ver ended hit your
lights
yeah move over
Jesus what are you supposed to do here
first too far ahead of you how are you
supposed to do this what happens if you
just stop can you just like full stuff I
got rear-ended I tried that oh that's
funny
uh hold on we could back up the thing
you hear driving too slow in the fast
lane is something you're supposed to pay
special attention to I don't know how
you're supposed to do that but oh there
you go oh oh I'm gonna make it there
might be some classic Sierra racism here
it's a lowered 58-foot fair a nice flame
job isn't that wasn't that your nickname
in high school
sunny buns
flame job okay okay flame Jack two two
seven seven six
I'd like to check the plate you know you
can't go back in your car all right
okay go get him flame job ah jack says
oink Oh
CGP grey in bonus episode of cortex
podcast parsley games Sam thank you over
because you were driving too slow in the
fast lane and traffic was backing up
behind you i finished by requesting is
javis license and registration oh you're
talking bald man
you guys always just want a hassle me
yes that is the appropriate voice sorry
I see can you check out my ride I have
brand-new smuggling but after checking
the registration I handed back to him
and he says you know hugs are all the
same man so now what so now what can you
go back now that you have his license I
don't know parsley games is like a text
adventure but you have someone act the
computer narrator other players play the
hero no computer needed should try okay
okay now use your Compu trader four
three four three oh one four three four
three thirty four three one
for 34 301 434 301 Sarah Chang searching
searching Juan Jose Ria's okay okay
I don't think you can actually do any of
this do you have the oh the plate ID
maybe should we check the plate ID yeah
that's probably gonna do yeah
do you remember what it is shit chap or
something - - 776 who remembers what the
plate ID is a d7 7 2 to 6 backwards
backwards ish thank you sir
Ching Sergey in Val now - to 776 Sergey
surging Oh registration expires
Oh what's the date today today I don't
know what that's I it's his it might be
expired but we don't know what today's
date game-game what's the date
you just go back and tell them
everything's cool what does game come
out I don't know there's no date on the
M there's no date on the thing there's
no date on the night eight nine nine six
eight eight nine nine six
what's that the vinner oh okay
everything's fine everything seems to
check out he wasn't driving a 59 was he
is this but yeah it's an older car Ford
59 it's good it's an older car
just a cute cute you know now you're
searching you go
yeah look at his car again 58 yeah so 58
Ford it said 59 Ford was what I was well
so
has this turned into papers please a
little bit what's my favorite rom-com 9
so it's a year off it's still a Ford I
don't know man
I don't know man I don't know man
what's the date today yeah are you mean
for the game we don't a game we don't
know we don't know man
we don't know can I radio in to the
radio place for radios you know you
can't hold on those that there's a paper
clipping from September 1989 when you
ended your terror of the Death Angel you
you were promoted to sergeant in 1991
and it expires in 92 let's read on about
traffic stops okay yes stolen car it's
gonna be a stolen car jet for officers
safety make right-hand approaches be
professional remember that you are
representing the department violators
should be treated firmly but with
courtesy make sure you have sufficient
evidence for successful prosecutions a
search and handcuff all prisoners patrol
the freeway at 55 miles per hour and pay
attention to the flow of traffic extreme
caution must be used while opening code
3 red light and sirens use radio
sparingly notice to appear ticket
writing to successfully obtain a
driver's notice to appear to be of a
buck you think because it's a year off
it's a stolen car
going to issue a citation for beating
traffic God I'll believe this Brown just
try it keep from getting bugs all over
the windshield
look at this Irvin number written on the
actual fucking car oh you fucking game
bullshit better write this guy ticket
and get on with my life
wickety wackety waka waka absolutely
smear shitty button iPhone windshield we
got rid of the but knife we no longer
have the but knife oh maybe it says how
the computer works game game oh by the
way the way they have the manual here is
all effed up yeah but I just see the
part now about refusal to sign a
citation the violator will be required
to post bond before being released the
violator will will go to jail if they
refuse to sign exception pregnant women
and the elderly mm-hmm
advise the violator as above the
violator still refuses to sign a
citation call supervisor so great
his light I did put his fucking license
in a goddamn computer I'm looking up the
computer what are you do I don't know
great
there's nothing about your car computer
only the computer on your desk
oh wait you have to answer the license
plate or the Li number oh oh oh what's
that doing nothing can you click on Li
down there
I don't know rich I don't know I don't
know poop dick 5079 wants to know if
we've tried uninstalling the game
because that might wait oh wait wait can
you go into your inventory in the car
seat and physically put the license in
the machine that is a pretty good idea
you did it you did it whoever said that
thank you for saying that we appreciate
it
now we're gonna do it search that so I
can get on with us okay boo boo boo boo
boo
TNG after-dark says jack enter military
time what time do we know what time it
is right fuck am I supposed to get that
okay how do we know what time it is in
the game or get out of here quit and
maybe it's on your on your in your car
yeah how do we know what time it is
all right invalid entry nope no no okay
is that is that the time right above the
computer can you look at that before you
do that can't look at that it says 1901
but I don't know if that's the time how
do we know what time it is
could the time beyond the - that's what
I was thinking but it doesn't look like
it is anything a manual about that
equipment there was a there's a thing on
military time how long but I assumed
that was just telling us how to read
military time and I know how to read it
vehicle code
there's a thing telling us how to read
military time but not oh it's your 1901
yeah I went out there saying 1401 is
really wrong it could be it could be
either we don't know I'm going with 1901
perfect vehicle code what was it two two
driving too slow oh oh sure give me one
moment here I will tell you what the
code is there are codes for this
situation here playing a police quest
game and the chat wants us to uninstall
the game mmm and then sane it's a
different game say not info code for
evading arrest driving under the
influence reckless driving exceeding the
maximum speed limit following too close
driving too slow in the fast lane is two
one six five four boom you did it rich
congratulations congratulations
I'm sure I wouldn't get them of the Year
thing I don't think that's I don't think
that's supposed to be a thing all right
teams you have two darks is Jack
obviously prereq and rlm in general
contains a lot of inappropriate content
how do you prevent your kids from
stumbling onto your streams they don't
really have access to a lot of computer
time by themselves as they're very ie
man you pigs make me wanna puke man I'll
see you in the People's Court man nice
totally passing as a Hispanic you are
yes judge Wapner will take care of you
you see you see and you have a nice day
sir when they do get like YouTube time
they have a YouTube kids app on the iPad
that only shows appropriate content
I'm sure one day they will stumble
across it and that's just gonna be fine
like I said you know the oldest the
their cousin their cousin now thug so OH
tracking device so one day they'll run
they'll come across it and I'm sure like
any parent I will be a huge
embarrassment but that's okay and
favorite customer says wet app dogs I
went to see John Carpenter live
retrospective last night it was awesome
and I recommend seeing it for anyone who
knows the word fun which was fun John
Carpenter live oh yeah I know Jay had a
great time jzuk a John Carpenter fan I
don't know if I would have as much of a
good time because I'm just no I mean I
like his movies but you know I'm not big
his music I wonder if we missed the
whole thing with an exciting stolen car
story you know I don't I don't think so
it's they seemed too similar you know
like if it was a different model you
know different make and a different year
but this is just a series of traffic
tickets
you're a traffic cop today
today you are a trafficker tomorrow you
will be king they world get him get him
rich yeah fuck this guy driver my boys a
driver of the vehicle seize my lights
and finally begins to beloved mr. glitch
Sonny Bonds is a sergeant now with the
Litton PD but they had they have a
shortage of traffic officers so because
he is a commanding officer now he has
taken the duty of traffic out although
like you could just probably a sign like
it looks black let me get my gun topic
Oh three four five six seven three four
five oh never mind
that's a stolen plate right there
that's one that they wanted you to
that's what we're gonna have the search
for three four five six seven
oh man your walk is so weird
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do the
convertible has only one occupant and
there's nothing unusual
nothing nothing unusual looking about
him except for you know you know I mean
I don't have to talk about that can't
fit can't really say but officially he
looked aggravated
good lord where do you come from you
almost have fall-off homes come in sir
I'll need to see a driver's license and
vehicle registration please
do you know why I stopped you she I know
I know I was speeding I had to do it man
see I'm on my way to see this beautiful
constructed female real nubian queen she
man I'm gonna fuck her sideways hole old
stick my dick in that puss have it all
night long if I don't get there real
soon she's gonna go with another man no
I'm saying then I don't get dick and
pussy I get dick in hand disease know
what I'm sayin
and if you got yourself the dick in hand
disease then you know you spent a little
night on Saturday sir I'm gonna need you
to speak English I have a gun I couldn't
read the text I was just going by way
too fast or feeis Orpheus I suppose he's
gonna offer us a pill cuz I'll have to
take him in for that yeah stick my dick
in that bus yep Orpheus whoa oh the man
look at what I wanted to do I just
clicked on him to see if we had anything
else to say I wonder shit man I'm gonna
get that dipper booze booze for fuck's
sake game point and click
sorry chicas whoa
I looked away for one second what
happened oh I just clicked on him and it
said I'm giving giving you a look a look
you're going to warding right I just
wanted to see if you had anything else
to say a crazy deluded manner right I
mean we need to run his plates he's got
a city easily memorize them easy to
memorize plate number yeah there's got
to be something going on three four five
six seven yeah
drinking game take a drink every time
rich says point-and-click let me click
on something else don't let me put a
fake number
no one wants sticking hand disease
that's a terrible disease that's right
I'm gonna sneeze this isn't tight thank
you felt that okay let's see here
expires 92 Mercedes yeah they look like
a Mercedes to me model 90 shirt morpheus
handling are you saying that was those
who was registered to okay okay
I'll look up is a three for not given
all the licenses in the Michigan is in
your hand right now I'm gonna look at it
but let me look let me look can you just
go to driver Oh itís uh okay that looks
fine uh what do I need to 522 341 I
don't I don't want to write the ticket
can you quit no I can't quit why don't I
can't go back
I think you're just supposed to let him
go that's really fucked up rich
yeah striker still muddling through
still making our way through good old
good old polies cruised just let him go
man yeah he's gonna get that lady that's
not a puzzle no that's not anything
resembling a puzzle nope there's no
puzzle here but you know what it could
be doesn't not everything has to be a
puzzle this could be a red herring where
where it's like everyone you know where
the game says sometimes you you will let
people go because they're not doing
anything wrong and then the next person
will be like oh man I gotta have sex
with a lady too and then you look up
there driver's license right no I just
talked to him let him go okay okay lady
get that lady lady make that lady happen
searches underwear for knives right uh
Jay Jay cheek er yo yo yo hos I finally
watched space cop and really enjoyed it
please put this hard-earned rap dollars
towards some gold-plated pans
motherfuckas PSL oh fuck I can affect my
cake but debate them but dumb yo yo yo I
got hoes for days trying to remember
your raggedy rhymes I'm just trying to
have a game thing happen oh that's all I
think I don't think there that's all I
don't think there is seven seven six
six eight seven seven six six eight
right fine fuck it
sorry I'm done all right
is this one of those interactive novels
yep no don't walk that way sunny we know
you'll get hit by a car license was a oh
it's 2016 now I get it I get it
oh shit yeah gonna get them later is
gonna get some laters if anyone's into
uh R&B; I hear that Frank Ocean dropped a
new album today that's very exciting
I've never heard any of his music but I
know it's been a ridiculously long time
since he's made a new album and his new
one dropped today Wow Wow he wrote an
award-winning album like 15 years ago
and then just kind of disappeared off
the face of the planet and today he's
like guess what motherfuckers here's
another one here's another one so
get out of your dreams I will not I do
not mean Billy ocean dropped I know I'm
very white
listen it's alright guys as previously
recorded live hitting you with the
latest and greatest in hip-hop and R&B;
news it's true I ain't doing it up ahead
we see a car waving and you know what oh
we've seen so many things on the road
I'm no longer excited by this
development oh this is now mundane well
it's a drunk driver so he'll probably to
a recipe to walk up and talk to him I'm
not gonna be able to do anything and
then the situation will resolve itself
look up Frank Ocean everybody look up
Frank Ocean I haven't heard any of his
music but I'm a bullshitter I am now I
mean I am a bullshitter I'm not
bullshitting now he's he's that that was
the news there's in the news today Frank
Ocean dropped a new album it hasn't
dropped an album in a long time it's big
deal for people who like Frank Ocean
there's the military we were way off I
wonder if we get docked for that
probably well son of a bitch fuck you
game oh god are we gonna get like a game
over at the end of the day oh maybe 0 1
9 2 3 not that any of that matters 0 1 9
- yeah the drunk and you just gotta be
hey drunky hey drunk E hey drunk E
so you seem to be driving a bit
erratically I need to see you drivers as
he fumbles through his wallet getting
his license I think to myself it's
obvious by looking this man is drunk off
his ass
have you been drinking sir mr. Capel I'm
sorry you should have you look nice and
are you I think to myself if I continue
inhaling the pollution this man is
exhaling my lungs will be worse off in
the ozone layer that's a typical human
for 1990 but one name whatever whatever
year this is the Chico where the 90s
very environment food wasn't that a
thing that was going on save the planet
is something here have I wanted Frank
say would you please step out of the car
sir before the field sobriety test
hey you can't I think you're crazy me
I'll do it I don't know if I have to
look no look at that
his little sorry I want you to follow my
finger finger with your eyes were set
okay if you get to move your finger yep
what are the standards for the test I
don't know how we're gonna all these
smokes I think that myself this poor guy
is plugged with a game told me he failed
obviously this man is too drunk driving
oh there's no puzzle oh there's no
puzzle element did all the pros alone
and this comedy happened I guess cuz
this puke so comedy me let me look at
the puke is anything fun happening with
the puke nope arrest that motherfucker
so I've take you into custody for
driving under the influence it res that
motherfucker
pat him down to take a shit it's your
shit now yes just like wings
search him last time the guy
automatically walked and I could wait
what please step over to the patrol car
even though I tried to search you you
did you click the search button
only job search the man
search him but the hands use usage just
search the puke you're one sick puppy
buns yeah you know search the car
damn you puke rich clearly hates this
game's his only child so I thought I
would ask a question about something he
likes minor league baseball she got I
got I went to a Wisconsin timber
rattlers game today at Fox city's
stadium that sound familiar I think I've
heard of them have you been there
no okay have you been to any Wisconsin
miner week I think there are many since
you've been up here I don't I don't
think there are many nearby I know uh
Cano she used to have them
it was the Kenosha mammoths there was a
team in Kenosha
okay but no but that's it yeah okay yes
he's in the front seat because
apparently in this game they go in the
front I don't I don't know the game
makers didn't program a back seat is
what is what is happening no I wasn't I
was trying to search the fucking I
fucking get out down here got here we're
driving them just to get me to the
police station okay and let's end this
madness this is insanity okay
eastbound on 41 tell me what street you
pass basically just get off whenever you
can get off yep
and tell me what you're on when you're
there peach oh great Oh God
fuck you please quest 3 fuck you too you
die from fucking raw dog okay you're
gonna turn around and you want to get
off on peach again
you can do it rich you're only going 30
I know okay we ready now click it now
yeah okay now take a purse left nice and
that's on your right nice you did it you
did it rich 1839 why don't we just post
more prereq video game reviews why don't
you we I'm editing one currently we did
yeah we oh no we just had the first four
hours of I'm sorry your streams are so
horrible for you we're working we're
working anyone now yeah there was a time
where just nothing kind of big was how
would nothing we wanted to do but like
we just did the Mega Man thing we did
the first four hours of thing we did we
did we're doing no man's sky that's the
big one
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
alright now can I search him I remove
the cuffs from the drunk why would you
do that hoping they give him make him
have the breathalyzer
why would I search the man search him he
might have a gun he might have a knife
search the fucking man no but you
already removed his cuffs it's fine oh
it's fine everything's fine step over
here said now now
I want you to blow a side as you can
into this - just like Wang's now I have
a second tube that I would like you to
suck that's a bit that's a bit too
obvious you went too far
it's not a joke now it's just a
statement of sexual activity yeah
it's beyond the realm of comedy
according to this ship blood alcohol
level is 0.15 that is well over the
legal limit I have to book you search
the man don't you know you can't
you'd better have him dump out his
pockets first so I guess this is how we
the game wasn't the game wasn't ready
for you to do your job yet rich even
though you knew you wanted to do it I
hate this game hey hey three please
three
well once we book him we can be done
what's the what's the booking thing for
drunkenness once we book him we can be
done and never ever play it again how
about that play into the end of day one
I just think we can be done we don't
need to uh what is the booking hold on
I'm getting there driving under the
influence of intoxicants is two three
one five two we can just say fuck it we
did our job
there's a job well done
nope
meanwhile at the entry mo Sonny's wife
he's doing something
oh she's hooking she's hooking again no
Oh God look at that face she's okay
for a second there it looked like she
had a next-generation forehead thing
going on right well this can't be good
throw the cigarette adder is that what's
going on nope what oh no what oh no
these agents of the Death Angel my whore
wives any moms please call dispatch
can't you just tell me yourself you
coward you coward I don't need to use
you alright I guess we're gonna walk to
dispatch or you can like go in your car
I can't I can't maybe now you can
because they asked ok sorry we kept
going he's now we got a hook we got a
story hook going on
he's Marie isn't ready gonna make it we
got we got a cliffhanger now we should
probably end it on the cliffhanger
before going to dispatch actually yeah
well how long we been streaming uh a
while how long as well three
three-and-a-half should we call it
should we call it cliffhanger save now
yeah because you didn't get your gun get
your gun food get your gun then save
then yeah we'll leave it at the at the
Murray cliffhanger I like it
Jackie you you you pwned me you just
pwned me is what happened I take no
responsibility for the pony for the word
that I refused to use all right now save
and that's a fine cliffhanger to leave
it on a fine fine cliffhanger dunt dunt
dunt uh wait what are we streaming now
just your steam page no because we're
streaming the window and that window is
not there I don't think we're streaming
anything or no or were you streaming the
monitor they were I think we were
capturing the window double check that
great perfect okay well then let's thank
some subscribers are we caught up on the
tips we are caught up on the tips we
have some subscribers we're gonna thank
some subscribers people who subscribe to
us during this broadcast this time it's
lupus getting closer and closer to that
lovely one-year anniversary rofl jump my
Johnson nice much better
my name is Tate 14 months in her own my
name is Tate says pyrite is all right
with me to Sean Sean says I can't
believe I have redacted months and you
still won't say how many beer Meister
2089 says swiggity swooty I'm coming for
that booty welcomes the clown has
resubmit dodge striker 1 1 2 1 for 15
months in a row striker says thanks
fellows for doing that thing you do
you're welcome ooh Zek goals put an s in
there there's no s it's just sec hole
but some reason my mouth made it s so
cool it's voluntarily yeah Zack oh yay
seven months month to month seven month
Magnus PU as resupplied for 19 months in
a row purple space bazooka has also some
for 19 months in a row
hi guys hooray for more police quest
count oh I thought that was the end of
purposes you guys count mipi welcome
telegin 24 fucking months in a row
finally more sunny aku no hana 2015 and
the hakuna hana aku no hana says are you
gentlemen going to broadcast anything
more to do with mr. Breen's cinematic
adventures in the near future
almost certainly I don't know when that
is the correct answer
Biffen bridge 9 but XCOM enemy Unknown 3
months ago because of rich still loving
it yeah it's a great fun damn nice great
fucking game heliosphere 1969 Biffle
Potamus 25 fucking months in a row
raised e-town nasty flat
welcome to the one-year Club 12 once at
our own nasty flat says hey guys I just
want to say I think our alum is the most
important critical outlet of our
generation abso-freakin'-lutely
absolutely use your remain 22 fucking
months in a row graph McMillan Terry and
gruff McMillan Terry says another and
averse
where does the time go 1001 thanks to
rich and Jack for all a fun and
entertainment on Twitch then before that
on you to basically gruff every time you
we sub a long long message after it now
that I got my gruff Macmillan very long
message get up get out of here gutter
stars get her star says oops g-shock
nope nope nope you moved in casual horse
casual horse says my nine-month
anniversary no better way to celebrate
then Sonny bombs shooting a hippie
thanks guys absolutely absolutely
Erebus and ather shanem Shan them did to
do welcome
filmmaker freak sky dandy sky dandy
makes me happy when it rains
sky dandy resub scribe for self-esteem
can you do you left out the fucking in
the months you have to do that again I'm
sorry I said fucking you did not think I
was listening you did not you missed the
fucking you missed the fucking we're
gonna sit here and wait I really thought
I had it
Oh sky dandy has resupplied for twenty
three fucking months in a row G shops 23
fucking months in a row G shop says
nearly two years only I could remember
my password to unsubscribe JK thanks for
all the entertainment Thank You America
Thank You beers tonight and that's you
know it's that's what happens
sabore eh k 19 months in a row into boar
eh cases time it kills us all done for
bill hold says i don't know they say
nothing there just for bill Holtz has
subscribed I was gonna go right in to
the quote yeah but there was none and it
was just really awkward yeah I have seen
the bastion short it's beautiful and
it's just it's just a great short o
space Jack 2084 space Jack says I have
no comment at this time
but check back later for updates
vapors space twenty four fucking months
in a row and they want their money back
it's too bad too late we said we spent
it on this thing
we spent it on Jack's computer already
and spots thought we bought it other
things everything there's like this this
laptop has a buy everything button and
that was vapor grand moff Cooley 22
fucking months in a row thank you all
for subscribing Colleen I'm pretty sure
that
