Jul 31, 2016
Quadrilateral Cowboy
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/83312161
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/83313015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JjmlJvFvAw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUIf-H6T1zw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/759827016719867904

[Part I]
well I think like the only thing is I
remember from last time you might have
to like just touch the gear for desktop
audio to make sure or doesn't see the
slider the desktop audio slider like
remember last time they couldn't hear
the game and it like wasn't even reading
anything and I just hit okay and now
it's uh switch back to the game I don't
even know if there is any audio on this
part we'll see well when there's audio
we'll see in them again alright cuz I
remember last time and uh pret hi hello
it's another Jack game son of a bitch
you guys yeah yeah it is you know why
cuz I pick really interesting and unique
games to play I think to be fair yeah I
think there's some interesting
interesting things going on in this game
mm-hmm I think there are some major
flaws I think it's I think it's 1/3
baked yes it's 1/3 baked
yeah 1/3 baked so our new career
Jonathan cometary I'm okay no no don't
do that Cantor Han there's the game so
oh yeah they can hear that's fine
actually maybe we want to turn it down
a little bit I didn't get to that
yeah oh we're live I'll turn it down
once we get to
yeah once again see the thing so full
disclosure rich and I started playing
this game last Friday to do a first four
hours of which I'm editing currently and
we just thought that the game was so
interesting that we wanted to share it
with you nice folks so we're actually
going to be replaying a bunch of levels
that we've already played you know we
want to make sure you see all of the
game so you think that's good
sure that's gonna be good all right
great
that looks great rich yeah that looks
great though it's perfect get this door
hack the door hack the door hack the
planet like I could turn the lights off
in there I don't really need to Jack
that okay
here's here's a nice hint on what you're
supposed to do is this an n64 game it's
almost as ugly as one yeah it's yeah but
looks aren't everything it's an indie
game wait till you see what our
character looks like by the way it's
great what it's great no I gotta go fast
I open the wrong one there's two you can
open mmm there's a closer one which one
is which
yeah turn that volume down for us a
little bit are they hearing an echo
no no but just for me it was getting a
little much for me rich so does everyone
doing
how is everyone do it you know there's
well there's one offhanded commentary
I'd like to make about the dawn of
justice trailer yeah hold on first of
all look at our character look at that
it's a flat face on a box quality I love
it quality I love it they don't even go
full in 64 just fuck it it's a flat face
on a box
I believe this game was literally made
by two people yes I would I would
absolutely believe that it's it's kind
of nice that the developers just an F
fuck it it's a style now
all objective complete I had Dante
doomsday I have completed my watch of
stranger things I've bought seen all of
stranger things we may talk about it a
little bit tonight I know we told you
all that Wednesday was going to be the
super spoiler filled discussion as
everybody's seen it but that's the
question is if everybody's already seen
it it's okay with us talking about we're
gonna talk about it but if you want us
to wait until Wednesday because that's
what we said we're also okay with that
but first of all dawn of Justice huh
something I was thinking about I
rewatched the trailer
and there's a there's a big shift in in
Ben Affleck as Batman Yeah right like he
seems like he's joking around he's havin
fun I hear you talk to fish right like
he's having a good time and that like I
just thought to myself after the
destruction of a couple major cities a
super powerful hero being murdered
fighting a monster figuring out their
super villains figuring out there are
people with superpowers I'm really glad
that Batman got his sense of humor back
back don't you think it's really strange
like in in dawn of Justice
he's add our sour motherfucker but it is
the Justice League trailer he's like
eyes joking around with Wonder Woman
he's having a great time I don't
remember much about the trailer because
I'm watched the trailer and I didn't
really give a shit as I watched it yeah
so I don't even remember what happened
in it mm-hmm
Batman's making jokes he's making jokes
with Wonder Woman and he's making jokes
with Aquaman he's a happy-go-lucky
character which is obviously a studio
note yeah we got to make it we got to
make these funnier because the Marvel
movies are funnier and so it's like but
you don't give that to fucking Batman
like Affleck Affleck is a charming
motherfucker and he likes to joke around
but you don't do you don't give that
material the Batman it's my only is my
only how we do we should have to wait
for that fucker I don't remember exactly
yeah dude you gotta do some shit first I
don't remember what the shit we had to
do this to turn on some tunes for us are
the tunes on there you go
okay we'll wait til Wednesday I see a
lot of people saying okay that they have
a couple episodes left still and we did
say I should remember these huh we
should remember these Impala what's
these NPL Impala and was an AM Pole and
Po you old and blue yeah I'm pull he'll
open the fucking door I think you have
to like to mess around with oh do you
have to put you have to put the thing in
your computer first I think so that that
first bank heist we were stealing
oh yeah remember we were stealing the
CPU look at that
by the way we actually get to build a
computer the intro to the game is
building yes yes stranger things I have
heard has been greenlit for a second
season already because of the immense
amount of positive buzz it has raised it
be fools not to write so I do I do
believe it like it obviously they
haven't started production on it yet but
yes they have been greenlit for a second
season
everyone loves stranger things no one is
talking bad about stranger things
because it's beautiful an Pole rich is
an alternate spelling for EM pool a
sealed glass vessel holding liquid okay
whatever that means it's a sealed glass
container holding liquid this so that
means I hey I like a flick I think a
flick is a charming man I think yeah
this is my very strong feelings about a
flow I think I think he's a charming
charming man no he's got a lot of hate
I don't thought I'd be a terrible Batman
and he wasn't no good Batman Oh what
happened something different than never
have last time
oh because it crashed okay whoopsie
what's new whoops
oh now someone is saying ampule am p o
you le in French means lightbulb what we
can only ask you know this isn't the one
that's goddamnit I want to go back to
the new career not the not the fucking
old one
not that the original one uh F for just
exit we're back into the later game go
to the door and then you will just
replay all missions like we don't need
to go through everything
doors locked there we go Megha well
that's mission skip that's good way it's
a main menu career select job okay so a
head to the main menu where the the one
the computer screen what computer screen
this the the black of the grayscale
computer screen that we that we go to
that one yep select yep there we go
there we go
Jake the crazy says I think Ben did a
great job and I think the fact that that
uh he was able to do such a good job in
such a bad movie speaks to how good a
job he did how good that man was dawn of
Justice yeah compared to the rest of
dawn of Justice but um
Oh Jack trigger Joyce we're gonna talk
about Pokemon later I'm not ready I'm
not ready to delve into this new Pokemon
should have there's some there is some
massive Pokemon shit going down rich and
and it's basically a giant cluster fuck
but we're not talking about that right
now
so this is this is how we open the doors
game makes you use Dass so I go into
this telnet program yeah and then door 3
you know dot open and then we type in
how long we want the door to be open for
no three seconds because most things in
this game were round like an alarm where
they're active for more than three
seconds they set off an alarm oh thank
you cell Jupiter I will totally did yep
I forgot to leave the computer before I
went to move no anonymous sorry I missed
a couple tips anonymous says is there a
reason rlm has no show or segment that
talks about TV shows Breaking Bad is
mentioned all time daredevil Netflix in
general a TV review show would be a
welcome addition you know we're more
movie people yeah we kind of understand
the logistics of movie making and not
necessarily TV making even though
there's a lot of like crossover as far
as acting and directing is concerned but
perhaps that's something that review
could get into not my call at all by the
way but just putting that out there
I don't know we're just not you all
should have a book club let's see here
anonymous says how high do you think are
the chances that stranger things is
another us mystery show that will use
Christian mythology to explain
everything lost has wasted five years of
my life doing 0% chance I think there's
a zero I think comparing stranger things
to lost is oh yeah that's a bit of a
stretch that's a bit of a stretch okay
so by the way so in this game what you
are seeing right here right now
these are these are virtual mission
planning segments so it is our job to
plan out the heist okay yeah and so what
we get here is we get the layout of the
building and what do we have to do in
this one steal or take a picture like
this one's very simple this is a bad
example like there's all kind of things
where you have to get like the timing
right right where you have to figure out
how to use your your hacking ability to
open a door for certain seconds to go
through it wait a couple seconds go
through a different thing so you can
plan out the heist like there's a
there's like a thing that goes through a
tube and you know it takes it to ten
seconds to get through the tube but it's
got to go through the Laser grid and you
have to program the laser grid so it's
timed to shut off at the same time the
tube would be going through yeah it's
kind of like neat planning things like
that but it's like but like here like no
clip so like but this is a virtual world
and so at any time rich wants to oh yeah
he can just here's no clip he can no
clip through this mercy that door fuck
it fuck it because it's all in virtual
reality because you are just planning
the mission which is kind of a brilliant
set up the the downside nine six five
four five four the downside is it never
actually lets you complete go to the
mission yes you spend all this time
setting everything up and you know you
can fail and start over and then you you
plan out your mission perfectly and then
it just tells you that the mission was a
success
because you planned it so well so
like here there's there's a Laser grid
right oh yeah I need the thing in the
tube to get the combo for the door and I
don't want to set the alarm off so here
I hit ready one one thousand two one
thousand three one thousand four one
thousand five one thousand six one
thousand seven one thousand eight one
thousand nine one thousand
so about ten seconds before the alarm
goes off yep
so I'll go in a little hack motrin Laser
nine and Afflalo if I by the way in
order to learn the the directions of the
the the commands yeah
dir of course go director that's that
list everything I can I can futz with
the gate gate for skylight one two or
three then how do we get the how do we
get the actual specific commands for
laser nine isn't laser noise or nine
that help no just just type in laser
nine now right and then list of
available available commands off and on
yep
so laser nine no no what
remember ten seconds well it's wait this
is well okay yeah weight would be first
weight would be first yeah so here's the
other thing about the game is you
program in a wait time so wait 10
seconds snow is Eric oh this sunny call
them between commands wait yeah I see it
I see it okay wait 10 seconds the
semicolon Laser 9 dot off and off for 3
seconds because if it's off longer than
that the alarm will go off you know so
nice see if I will see if I'd time that
right
oh I did it too early nope oh that's
time just enough time nice one wrench
it's kind of really clever right yeah
oh three four seven dusters and now this
Jack do you have a dose fetish I mean
it's it's a unique this is like the the
coating is very similar to dusters yes
but it's a very unique way to handle
puzzle-solving
something that you don't see except for
apparently in this in dusters it's no
longer unique okay it's ten again but
now there's two lasers yeah there's two
sets eighteen and then twenty right this
prompt is better than that of desk you
know this has a little more going on
visually than dusters and once we get
into later missions you are kind of
timing stuff and then doing like errands
in the 3d world and so it's it's
definitely a little more visually
appealing than dusters okay so Richards
gonna wait ten seconds wait 10 seconds
wait look at your laser 19 code you just
said laser 19 3 Oh got a code properly
yeah yeah fine dot off for 3 there you
go semicolon there you go
so wait 10 seconds laser 19 off for 3
wait one second
laser 20 dot off nice rich you got it
yeah you need the insert key for this
one Tiberius you're right that may have
fucked me up that may have fucked up
your timing a little bit we'll see
like an old man I'm self-taught yeah
yeah I think maybe give it 11 seconds
just to give you that time to get over
there yeah yeah I was in a generation
where they didn't teach you typing in
school maybe I know if they do now but
even type writer typing no that was
never classing teaching you how to type
properly oh I never had that we never
had that either oh well you know what we
had that in high school like there was
an optional typing class but I thought
it was really lame Oh jack oh no I you
yeah a horrible decision now I was - I
talked to I think we talked about that
before Jay knows how to touch type and
I'm incredibly jealous of him for his
knowledge of touch typing for somebody
who doesn't know how to touch type I do
type fast yeah relatively speaking
I'm a horrible typer okay so now you're
gonna wait eleven seconds ladies a 19
out for three wait one laser twenty off
three okay great no typing is incredibly
important incredibly incredibly
important all right here we go
here we go and boom boom that's how it's
done
perfect timing rich Evans perfect timing
Oh 7:01 what a touch typing is the
ability to type without looking at the
keyboard and so you know like most
people will look at the screen at the
words they are typing and just know
where their fingers are I have a
keyboard on my lap which is why I'm
doing that motion and just know where
the keys are and then if they make a
mistake they can know how to delete yeah
I cannot i I'm I'm a hunting pecker I
don't really I kind of know where the
keys are I don't if I'm not if I'm not
thinking about it yeah I kind of know
where the keys are but I'm not I'm
certainly not doing it properly neither
am i yeah neither am i there's probably
an adult course I could take if I ever
really cared about it
and so no clip in the planning phase to
see what's in this room yeah whoa and
here's my objective over no no no that's
the exit where's my objective again cuz
on the table there oh there we go
all right there's the contract I need to
take a photo of right so I know I need
to get in this room like I could I could
it take the time to learn but it's never
like I have no immediate need to type
faster you know like it won't better my
job if I know how to type faster it
won't it won't make it won't save me a
considerable amount of time it's just
something that I want to do if it ever
like if it ever comes to like me just
needing to type faster I think yeah it
would take a class but just never come
up Kayla pod says you just got to spend
more you guys Scout spend most of the
day
high-speed shit posting on the internet
and you'll learn in no time I like that
how objective complete it's now I need
to get outside how then will I become a
secretary for a big businessman yeah
that's play hey that's plan B my day has
been fine it's been a lovely day a rich
how is your day been it's been alright
yeah I can't complain you know it's been
a really nice I'm going camping tomorrow
why because I love camping why because
it's it's really fun to spend time like
outdoors with minimal distractions I
like being outdoors I wouldn't want to
live there no oh god no let you spend
these spend a couple days I'll spend
couple hours outdoors
thank you very much like a like I walk
out to the sidewalk I my mailbox is
there that's it that's all I got you go
ride a bike go to up go to a wilderness
preserve sure sure go to a state park
there's nothing there's nothing like it
but I'm going to sleep
when air conditioning nothing like a
10-man but not bugs eating me there's
nothing better man nothing better than a
10 I'm not going without a screen for
for many any longer than than 10 hours
well your tent that's as long as I'm
willing to your tent is a pretty good
you know bug keeper outer though I mean
like it's like a screen Oh like an
actual screen you know there are cell
phones you know while probably bringing
an iPad just in case I'm taking my boys
with me and so you have to bring the
iPad just in case it gets too critical
boredom next okay let's swap keyboards
so so today we went and made sure
everybody had a sleeping bag I got a new
tarp and got a meat tarp to put under
the tent pretty excited about that yeah
okay so that was job number one that was
driving number zero yep here's job
number one can you hack it get the two
red suitcases and so like can you hock
it I got it and I got it I just wasn't
acknowledging it like here's our little
hacker office I am that guy this bitty
this Biddy kind of always just sits and
reads we like her I think I don't know
she's fine I don't know what her like I
think this guy he's always by the bike
or girl she hears this game's problem
this person like I think is our get her
what they introduce new elements but
nothing ever gets much more complicated
than the last mission which probably
relatively speaking is one of the more
complicated missions we've had these
first three it actually goes down hill
quickly after the first three missions
this third mission or this mission
number two out of zero one two is the
butter mission mission number two is to
them butter one or is that was that
three well look there's only one zero
zero wanted to you know what I mean yeah
the thyroid mission in this set is the
butter mission that thing with the tube
we had the time out yes
never come up again we're halfway
through the game when we left off that's
true
never came up again never came up again
all right so then you know this is our
this is my my hacking planning central
oh we have crackers I want I want the I
want the mission planning yeah and then
you get the actual mission happens and
you know exactly what you need to do and
you've got like like five minutes to do
it or some amount of time right and you
have a plan and if you follow the plan
and you have like you're like those
scripts maybe you have some of those
like like preset yeah like I could type
in execute door one escape or you know
you have your little you have your
little like quick opener right that's
where you load the executables on so
like your quick opener has like
executable one executable to that you
can just plug in yeah yeah but you plant
it and then you go do but I would type
in like like before the main like the
final mission would start I would have
to like type in like that whole string I
typed it like wait 10 door open 3 way 10
laser off how to type all that in and I
would save it it's like like you know
protocol 1 yeah and that whole string
would you be that one thing and then I
can execute that like in the final
mission you get a time to do it
here's a fun part about like this
mission no clipping is we learn really
quickly that if we go down the skylight
one we're probably gonna break our legs
so you have to know clip to go say okay
skylight to is the one that I get into
alright let's see if I remember how to
do this
I remember well whoa settle down sky
light one dot open three seconds and
then you left-click except for I wanted
to open skylight too cuz I just said if
I go to skylight one I'm probably gonna
see Star Trek beyond the next couple of
days I'm going down to Chicago tomorrow
to grab Karen to bring her up back home
with me yeah and then we'll trial
probably end up saying it with Karen
like the next couple days so if not CD
and I know what's supposed to be good
that's what I've heard
no I have not seen leak no man's sky
footage I did you hear about the the
whole kerfuffle with that know is
someone got their hands and some early
footage I don't know there was a review
copy or if like it was a mistake in
shipping date and they started putting
out Let's Plays of it okay and then
decided to scrub them all because he
didn't want to spoil it for anyone his
own choice or did somebody come down on
him
yeah no man's sky was not happy yeah
okay so here's a camera with that we
need to turn off camera one but this
little yellow thing means I can't bring
my computer in there so this is teaching
me the wait command so we are going to
wait 10 seconds then cam was at camera 1
yeah
camera 1 dot off for three seconds and
go Mike has not said anything to me
about the new Star Trek other than he
likes it I even even watched a half of
the bag bottom was I don't want spoilers
yeah you gotta say yeah wait 10 seconds
was probably too long I got here really
fast and shit happens did I forget to
execute
I also might have forgotten to execute
that command
oh yeah enter and then right click there
we go I afraid I forgot to execute that
command
what fresh indie garbage is this for
what it's not indeed garbage
this is indie potential there are there
are elements in here mmm that would make
for a fantastic game yeah I know the
graphics look like crap who gives a shit
yeah do this with watchdog graphics and
you have a game oh my god this would be
I that was part of my my pitch to
Ritchie where I really wanted us place
and like I said we did play this for the
first four hours of and my big thing was
I you guys know I love dusters I've
actually been playing a lot of dusters
recently in my off time and I kept
thinking myself like how amazing would a
game like that be in something like like
watchdogs where you got to control
drones in a 3d space you know but you
still have to like give them commands
and run executables so your drones would
follow a path you know like follow a
protocol that would be so neat I think
see potentially like if they were to
release like a level editor for this
there there is Steam Workshop
integration okay
reserved like a full level editing
capabilities guys if you have that then
you're cooking with gas
for this for this it's almost a fun
little game what this is but my yeah
it's like the tools are all here but the
developers ultimately didn't really do
anything with them every three missions
feel like like the tutorial for the new
tool you get and then it's forgotten
about completely yeah it's it's the
second on problem yeah
so but here I'll know clip for a second
but like just look how look how fun this
is so simply so so my my code line was
wait three seconds
mmm-hmm I'm no clipping now turn camera
two off for three seconds then I gotta
grab the case so
it's wait 8 seconds turn camera 2 off
for 3 seconds and it's like that little
logic blurb that you have to type in and
think about is really unique
ok ready so we're going to enter there
it's thief + minecraft the problem is it
needs more thief thief what they've did
have command see this this game treats
everything like a puzzle and not like a
simulation what's wrong
oh my commands still running and I did
something wrong ok thief thief like they
built like the museum and they gave you
tools and there wasn't the solution it's
like do you want to crawl through the
vent door do you want to sneak through
the back door or do you want to find the
spot to plant a rope up on the roof and
climb up with the roof and find a way in
through the roof you had you had options
and how you wanted to tackle a problem
and what this game is doing this is just
giving you like short little puzzles
there's a three doors and a camera and
there's like one solution to be fair
we're only halfway through so it's quite
possible that that it gets better
reading the comments in like the
discussion area yeah steam it doesn't
sound like it ok hello wait three
seconds camera two dot off three nine
eight camera - done I know there's only
two dubs
I know there was only two programmers
but I'm saying as though there's a lot
of potential with this kind of hacking
and planning concept he's nice nice I
did it there we go
boom don't forget you thing it just
never feels like it really comes
together yeah
that's the problem
it's it's a really neat concept and you
know the the the plus the pluses and
minuses of indie game development rich
they they have an opportunity to create
something unique and they don't have the
resources to really flesh it out what is
that sky to five games that are
perpetual tutorials never really pay off
do get to me it's why I hated San
Andreas even though I played through the
whole game San Andreas I don't know why
you're getting that feeling from San
Andreas that seems crazy San Andreas is
not that at all but I'm trying to think
where it's like are you thinking of a
different game
I still think San Andreas is the best
Grand Theft Auto it's a great Grand
Theft Auto the world was great the world
they give you three big cities and then
like how many hick towns did you get
wasn't just dug just discovering oh hey
there's a town over here wasn't that
just a great the coolest thing it was
you know this is your mission so when we
were playing the first four hours of
this I started off on this mission and
right in the middle of me planning all
of a sudden rich goes give me the
keyboard oh oh wait wait go back yeah
you're doing two races again so so like
I'm going through and I'm trying to
figure out the puzzle myself and rich
goes give me the keyboard give me the
keyboard give me the keyboard and
fucking pulls off this matrix s heist
that was totally worth so first there's
opening the skylight yeah I want to go
on a no clip no clip and figure this out
so you gotta get to the sky the skylight
and there's some that up there the alarm
goes off that's a machine gun hmm so the
second that goes off you're dead alright
so getting getting through the skylight
that's fairly easy just you know it's
open three seconds then it closes yeah
you just jump down then you go all the
way down here and then there's a great
here you've turned that on and there's a
giant wind thing that'll blow you back
up you go through this door and you
can't bring the laptop with you through
here but then you grab this thing but
this thing it's not a pressure plate and
there's no hacking you can deal with the
pressure plate and after after you grab
this thing that that alarm is gonna go
off in ten seconds mm-hm and the machine
gun will pop my shooting gun will pop up
and kill you absolutely after 10 seconds
so from here you absolutely have to get
back out in ten seconds not on the night
of the Red Door out of the whole
building out of the whole building yes
so there's not much time to like put the
laptop back down and type a hole like
open the door grab the laptop walk over
here turn this on and go up here and
then open the sky like you know if you
take the time to type in all of that out
you're probably gonna get shot and Jack
was playing and I realized oh we got to
type in all of this shit ahead of time
right and it was the most amazing and he
did fucking thing you did it I don't
know if you can remember your line of
code skylight to door 9 then door 9
again and then skylight 2 again let's
see if I can remember this
all right excellent Len fly kasinsky
Dredd is a great movie glad you finally
got to see it wait - semicolon sky line
you see an exit right - ooh
three seconds :
and then the bottom that's door nine
right yeah
well yeah let's don't fucking a store
nod now door nine dot o wait I gotta
wait again though it's going there you
go yeah yeah let me call them wait and
we'll give me how long to run down the
stairs twenty seconds oh I'd say give
you longer than that thirty
I'll give you thirty thirty will be
really safe on that mm-hmm
why can't you leave the doors open
longer for some reason it's like a
security feature in this game or if
anything is activated for longer than
three seconds the security alarms get
active you can open it for 900 seconds
yeah but then after three sets after
three seconds is gonna right so so
everything can only be open for three
seconds but the wait you can wait for 30
seconds in between commands unless
you're in an area where it doesn't
really matter if the alarms going off
nothing's gonna shoot you who cares
right right
Dorner and open three seconds give
myself what eight seconds to walk to the
the probe so the door is open
wait eight how long will it take you to
walk through the frozen shoot one
thousand three one thousand
grab it four five six it's fine but
remember once you pick up that probe the
time starts well yeah yeah half that's
gonna be walking to the probe though
sure half those gonna be walking on the
program door nine yeah so he's waiting
to then he's gonna open the skylight the
wait 30 is him walking all the way down
those stairs then door 9 gets open wait
wait 8 that 8 seconds is enough time to
grab the device door 9 open again oh and
remember before you get to before you
open the door you got to flip this the
the fan I know that's why I need that 30
seconds I know okay
wait forum skylight 2 3 and now when I
execute this oh wait oh wait open is
that what they're saying what they're
saying your first skylight to command
doesn't have enough Oh Sava bitch and
don't forget to insert instead of
writing over uh yep you're right
skylight - dad open it's not gonna let
me answer doesn't work
Oh does skylights - I'll wait with them
being really dumb thank you everybody
watching and watch out for his code 3
nice okay all right so wait two seconds
yep
skylight to open for three seconds 30
seconds to run downstairs yep flip the
thing then flip thing which does isn't
done in here that's done by me manual
door 9 open three seconds yeah
eight seconds four seconds to run to the
probe four seconds back okay door 9 open
three seconds okay four seconds to get
up top and jump out the skyline with
maybe two seconds to spare
alright alright wait hold on what hold
on extra parentheses at the end I'll
open for three seconds yeah so I didn't
finish before I had to go correct yeah
okay oh yes I see it
all right everybody yep make double
check our code here this is we're live
coding boom alright so once I hit enter
and right click we're on the rails
alright okay now here's the game so rich
now and keep in mind we've already done
this level so we've already like failed
a bunch and had the levels munch and so
like that's the game of this is like no
clipping through the level to figure out
what to do to plan this and that's the
plan right there this is the plan and
now he has to leave his laptop up here
and just fucking do it rich Evans are
you ready yeah nope he almost failed
already because he almost didn't leave
his computer so he's got a lock down all
those stairs remember he's got 30
seconds he's got 30 seconds to walk all
the way down these stairs he can't
forget to flip the fan over your
character cannot run also which is very
infuriating
okay okay now that's alright this can
take as long as it wants yes there you
go
one thousand two one thousand three one
thousand four one thousand five one
thousand six one thousand seven one
thousand eight one thousand Bam Bam oh
and that was the best feeling ever that
right there should be every level and
then after this mission it never happens
again
that's like that's gonna be the bulk of
the first four hours of by the way is
just us going through the steps of get
of that mission being done correctly
because like I like I said I was in
charge at first and I couldn't figure it
out cuz I brought my laptop down there's
no there's not enough time to grab my
laptop and rich goes fuck I got this so
that right there is the perfect level
yes it's the perfect level and it never
happens
in any case it's such a great level
isn't it it's such a great it never
happens again
I want the whole game to be like this
any more complicated more chemical like
I need to go in and have like that that
one string is pre executable and I might
have another for a different section
right the level you know yeah like that
pre executed string gets you to the
second door yeah and the second pretty
executed string gets you yeah that'd be
great you called on two and that'll
reset it cuz you did that job before I
so I did the next one sir in any case
that mission right there is what makes
the game interesting and possibly
fantastic uh-huh there is there's a
thing in the main menu that that
mentions the Steam Workshop so I can
only assume that they will have some
sort of level editor or modding
capabilities where someone will be able
to make their own levels I don't know if
anyone can make their own levels mhm
that's the downfall more complicated
more complicated level requires a
well-paid level designer and that's
really true yes that's really really
true but this is kind of neat you don't
need to go through this through sorrow
if you remember how do we how do we skip
it though
you just believe oh that was just the
tutorial on how to use the weevils I
don't know what could skip it I thought
we had to do the thing no I get a little
flavor here ah let's see here TC Brady
133 says hey Jack and rich when you guys
are in the office and not working what
do you do watch movies talk play video
games etc depends upon what needs to be
done like for for like a week or two all
I was doing was gluing VHS tapes
together as part of the new best of the
worst set like that's just like busy
work right that I had to work on for a
while I was cutting out and painting
prereq set stuff it spends about what
needs to be done
or you know cleaning up the mess after
the last best of the worst because some
asshole broke a bunch of beer bottles
like if we're just hanging out a lot of
times we're just talking yeah sometimes
you know there might be a thing here
where it's like hey come to the studio
everybody let's watch a movie yeah but
you know I think mostly we just talk
because no mostly we're only heat we're
only all here like a especially mean
like I know you're here a lot but I'm
only here if we're shooting something
and so then it's like we'll just talk
beforehand Halloween party a couple
Halloween parties oh yeah good Halloween
parties good Halloween parties have you
guys not seen the VHS tapes has that
been in an episode thought they were in
the last one if we had the best of the
worst sign in a recent episode and
that's what the best of the worst sign
the light-up ones are sitting on look
what it's all of VHS tapes a stack of
VHS and I'm still gonna be adding more
we're gonna be like more on the sides
the sides aren't nearly built up enough
now they might not be tall enough to
reach over the top of like what you
could see on camera
yeah the hope that's part of the new
best of the worst set yeah check it out
it like you you might not have noticed
but the the big Bo TW letters are
sitting on a stack of VHS tapes and
nobody noticed well there you go that's
fine it looks nice no it's really nice
yes that's all that matters
so yeah like a lot of times like if
we're here we're usually working on
stuff yeah and then when we get together
outside of here that's when we like
watch a movie or play board games I've
been I've been like my long-term project
as I'm going through every one of our
potential we love the worst tapes and
anything that's just like a seminar yeah
and it's some guy talking about like
stocks for an hour and a half mm-hmm
that's going into the pile of tapes it's
glued onto the new best of the worst set
we finally you guys are culling culling
the herd just
just watch the first few minutes of
something to see if it's if it's an
actual thing we can talk about right or
if it's just blah like sometimes people
like we got one tape and it sounds like
the most wacky thing in the world like a
a how to use a loom
oh that sounds crazy depends the guy's
gonna have a lot of fun look at this
goofy loom video and just a woman who's
like been talking about staying on the
thread here's how you string the thread
the string this thread goes here and
this oh I know geriatric one exercise
across it's just that for 45 minutes we
can't do anything with that right get
really just dissect that well you know
you can do you can build a set on it
yeah well the clinic the kind of tapes
that that work for a wheeeeel episode
have some kind of crazy production value
thing going on oh and and Campas cam has
one never ever will rich watch the
entire no no you watch the first couple
of minutes and you'll know yeah you can
tell really early on and then turn it
off okay in the good pile but also
within the first couple of minutes you
know whether or not it's gonna be
nothing if I see something crazy happen
yeah I instantly turn it off okay
I get it this is gonna be interesting
right this is gonna be interesting turn
off yeah yeah like anything that has
something really interesting happy
happen
I've been running like a star on the
spine and I wish I'd thought of that
when I first started doing this there
was one tape I turn it on and it was
like some kind of magic tutorial right
and they were in like a it was like a
not a party was how this was was framed
mm-hmm like the video was taken place at
somebody's party and just in the
background there was somebody dressed
like a cow
they were whirring a full-on cow outfit
I instantly hit stop yeah and this will
be great yeah I don't know what I don't
know for sure what else is gonna happen
but this could potentially be really
funny because someone's wearing a cast
somebody's just worried how costume
for no reason great and that pass yeah
absolutely another magic video here's
how you do trick number one and it's
it's it's not pathetic like Doug
Anderson where he's like standing in
front of garbage bags it's just it's
very standard and very professional yeah
they can't do anything with that we
can't we can't really laugh with that we
can't really dissect it if it's just
like really just the medium shop for 40
minutes of a guy competently doing magic
tricks
absolutely we can't do anything with
that know that like that harkens back to
like back in the day my job for Funny or
Die was to pre-screen videos to try to
find quality user-generated content and
you you guys would be surprised just how
what's going on in her apartment because
this is a car pool I'm gonna take her to
our little hacking area we're pulling
our thieves right now I just walked into
her home adult night school Lou this is
Lou ho gum humbert airplane an
interactive store oh are you gonna play
yeah a video game on her computer you
wake up six miles above the planet oh my
gosh oh my gosh you remember you're on
an airplane you breathe a sigh of relief
eat chili you snack on your tub of chili
listen this is the stranger next year
uh-huh if one drop of that chili gets
onto my $4,000 soon I'm gonna fork up
your face and see it look like what are
those wrinkly dogs eat more chili place
of being on the stage' sleeve place a
beam under strangers head which we going
with head that person is a dickhead yes
but we won't place it on their sleeve
sir let's place it on the head okay you
rested chili bean on the strangers head
well fidget stranger okay that's okay
you enter the airplane bathroom somebody
has left a book here read the bar yeah
read the book
you read nightmare passages of
unspeakable non-euclidean horror you
vaguely understand that by reading this
you've plunged the world into darkness
roofs in half gave me whole sucks
everything out of the passenger cabin
the return to seat light blinks on well
we should return to our scene you push
against the 500 mile per hour winds and
return to your seat buckle the seat belt
think about that horse as much as I
would like to think about the horse side
it's really important that we buckle for
airplane safety Ridge you buckle up your
seat belt a flight attendant is sucked
high for the airplane you pull your cell
phone a fighting tenant hangs on for
dear life the flight attendant yells
excuse me all portable electronic
devices must be turned off during the
flight
if this crash is the plane me turning
off my phone team me turning my phone on
so be it okay sorry I mean that's tough
because you have to listen it's it's
federal regulation that you listen to
all demands given to you by flight
attendants and flight crew yep but
telling our loved ones goodbye because
we're probably gonna crash is equally
important so where do we do we follow
the law or do we tell our loved ones
goodbye what is a chat thing what is the
chat think
both one end to that's not an option I'm
thinking my heart of hearts says says
okay sorry turn it off but let's see
here they're saying screw the law use
the phone hang up I am the law fuck the
law I've seen I'm seeing a lot of sarees
yeah all right yeah sorry sorry yeah it
is
sorry okay all right yeah you put your
cell phone away the plane safely left
there we go see follow the rules
we are rule followers here see this is
the flight attendant that's the magic of
safety regulations if more people were
like you the flight attendant is
interrupted when everything explodes and
then it starts again
Oh oh my gosh eat the chili plays it on
a sleeve plays being under the strangers
sleeve you called down the Thunder
since the stranger prepare to reap the
whirlwind the strangers fingers ball up
into a meaty fist duck roller dodge
dodge dodge last you're not athletic
exercises something I'm not thinking
about there was that time in July your
cousin's visited they wanted to do
something outdoorsy felt good to wipe
cop the cobwebs off your bike and clack
across the pure planks a stranger's fist
smashes your face with a fury of a
thousand suns the passenger cabin rips
in half nice yeah okay that's fun though
yeah that's a fun bit of color oh they
can't kill us all huh yeah that's also a
lot of instant ramen she's got on her oh
that's nice
those are like pictures or is that art I
think those are pictures not sure wait
wait look in the mirror yeah see look
there's yeah I don't in the picture yeah
that's that's neat
that actually I actually don't it's neat
but actually now that I don't like it
that you're a box and I wish you were
boxes in the pictures to two people
to programmers yeah but why not just
make the pictures you also look I like
it but like everyone looks like a box in
the still pictures you know yeah that's
what I would want
Oh Prezi to zoom in I didn't think of
that but forgot I forgot about our zoom
function already fucking didn't you
didn't you show them the super clever
zoom tutorial it's that it's it there we
just saw this box Oda's eyes just
proceed and then I press Z and I'm like
oh my god that box on the counter is a
tutorial yeah that's great yeah why Lia
sure you're right they only tell you to
put your like electronics away during
takeoff and landing because those the
time in which emergencies are most
likely happened but it is federal
regulation to comply with all rules
given to you by a flight crew and so if
a flight if a flight attendant tells you
to do something you have to listen to
that flight attendant same old rocket
says no man you're not a box you are in
the box and you have to think out of the
box man I just know this game never gets
as good as that last that last mission
was the zenith was the apex and this
this stuff that we're doing here is
really cute but that last mission was it
ah then have been sorry I've been
willfully ignoring your tip just because
we were talking about other stuff we
were we were doing that little
choose-your-own-adventure
as n abend says Jack rich do you ever
play up link or other hacking games I
have not okay there's a great I don't
know I don't know what up link is it all
says thanks for the entertainment
what is uplink you're very welcome
uplink what is uplink I'm looking at it
right now all right I forget
probably should have redid the
equatorial I kind of forget exactly how
this works did you connect to Weaver
yeah limit Weaver right now how I
finally find find okay so it's name is
no right nope III remember that so we
have this did you show them the device I
put it in the thing well get out of here
and just show him the guy shown L this
is no now is our little robot hmm I'm
putting that down in here no see this is
the thing I get to need to get to in
here but I obviously I can't get to it
it's in a cage yeah yeah so I put down
my little robot I now have a monitor and
I type connect no and now I'm seeing
what my robots saying so III what does
go for forward go and then go and then
you have to type in the number of paces
300 that's two too many
oh that's fine turn 90 90 degrees yep go
200
hehe it's kind of adorable yeah yeah
it's kind of adorable and I'm just I'm
just see I'm typing in what I do
go 300 turn 90 go 200 no okay I need to
turn a little turn 45 go 20 I think you
can reach it from here
datalink is how you connect rich is just
like neoprene he's gonna hack everything
he's gonna we do we over this game needs
satellite dishes any tiny satellite
dishes on top of everything oh damn you
should be in love datalink from here
there we go oh no too far no I think
it's in range all right how do we can I
just I just didn't know why don't you
know go back like ten just so they can
see the the uplink how ya thought sorry
okay great now they can see it okay so
now that you type in data link data
linker data jack who did it jack that's
it
dated Jack that was my nickname in high
school
so now I do see if you can see on the
monitor our little friend now plugged
something into that port and now we can
actually we can we can see it see so now
plugged into that port so that's how we
hack the planet
what's the email for donations oh yeah
if you want to send us a game send it to
prereq at red letter media dot-com
prereq at red letter media comm if you
would I don't think we need to actually
bring it with us but I'm going to what
to get our thing back that's part of it
I don't take look I don't think we need
to probably not I don't loiter nning
question for rich in the best of the
worst how to get revenge episode yeah
after mr. Vickers says real estate scam
you shouted dad he goes a real estate
scam instead of real estate you shouted
dad please explain I'd have to go
rewatch this and see these specific
context because I might not have been
referring to skate I don't I'm not sure
yeah well I can answer this question is
what I believe the joke was is mr.
Vickers mispronounce pronounced thing
mispronounced the word yeah and so rich
is also known for mispronouncing whores
yeah that wasn't a joke referring to my
dad it was a joke referring to me
mispronounced
right I remember that now that now makes
sense and telegin says I have been vegan
I'm so sorry for for about two months
now and have discovered an array oh
shoot what did you do Oh yep you need to
close the thing first
see that's why I think you do need to
get your thingy back I don't think we do
I think I'm wasting a lot of time yeah
yeah gamer kid 96 my my children do
watch bad movies and bad TV shows all
the time like stuff that I find horrible
actually we just had a conversation with
them they they're into this new Netflix
show that I cannot fucking stand and my
oldest asked me why I never watch it
with him he goes you shouldn't you
should come and watch it with me it's a
really good show and I was like you know
what I don't I don't like it that much
so I don't want to watch it with you but
it's fine if you want to watch it and so
we had our first conversation about like
it's okay when you like different things
like I was like it's really great that
you like it but it's you know it's not a
show that I care for so I'm not gonna
watch it with you but you know that's
okay because it's okay that we like
different things so we had an important
conversation I am preparing him for the
Internet
oh sorry telecon telegram that says I've
been vegan for about two months now and
have discovered an array of vegan junk
food so now I can still be a fat ass I
don't know if that's a good thing
what's the fucking point you know some
people you know don't want to I don't
know mistreat animals or Adam there's so
much some people want to be vegan that's
fine I guess you can do whatever stupid
thing you want to do it's not my fucking
I don't get it but hey that's tell a
guns that's tell a guns problem I don't
got to worry about it
right future famous person you don't
like the things I like that was that was
my eight-year-olds response where he's
like he just couldn't get it cuz he
loves this show he's like it's so funny
I was like well you know I'm a grown-up
and and you know we like good things
they're different people have different
tastes and stuff and again that's okay
it's okay that you like it and I don't
like it you know I want to interject
here yeah now we just had at this level
we just did this Boosh we just did yeah
perfectly fine drone tutorial yeah we do
the same basic thing two more times
yeah yeah hey they give you neat tools
never really comes together it's I think
it's one of those games where they are
really hoping the community takes off
all right all right
I don't what show it would ya I'm it's
called oh yeah the show on Netflix is
called cannibals like animals but in a
can and that's the whole thing it's
these animals that are shaped like cans
and they pop out of cans I'm pretty sure
it's actually like a baby show yeah but
they just found it on Netflix and they
think it's hilarious and it's it's it's
it's dreadfully terrible and I'm sure
it's just trying to sell these animals
that are in a can as toys but we hate it
it doesn't matter we hate it fucked my
cock which is spelled really really
cleverly yeah in the chat mmm says he
showed his dad fury road and his dad did
not like fury road
I can't people like different things I
can't even comprehend somebody not
liking fury what can we like about it
and come on Jesus I'm not shitting you
with my fury road might if I'm being
honest with myself and my favorite movie
now it's really fucking good it might be
my favorite fucking movie it's really
good I'm absolutely love that film I
can't I don't love it
Nneka yeah so cannibals is what they're
watching now but it it
struck me as very like adult of him to
be like why don't you like the things I
like oh yeah this is a good conversation
to have you're not gonna be a dickhead
when you get on the Internet
it's okay that people like different
things that was my only objective don't
be a dickhead we have both seen stranger
things we've seen all of stranger things
not everybody in the chat has them and
and we said Wednesday that we were gonna
wait until this upcoming Wednesday to
really talk about stranger things and
the chat has said that they would like
us to wait yeah because some people have
not caught it so just as a warning
heads-up chat listen up Wednesday
stranger things spoilers
all around we'll give you a warning
before we really get into it which might
be early on with all I fucking know we
there's a lot to talk about and we're
gonna be talking about it though what if
what if Karen comes at the stream
because she's gonna be in town for the
first time has she not seen it she
hasn't seen it yet i'ma wait to watch it
with her oh my god this could be a
disaster maybe she'll have to miss when
she can come on shoot I don't I can't
come on Sunday oh she come literally any
time now she can come in tennis you can
come on Sunday so have her miss
Wednesday and she oh and you can use
Wednesday to watch fucking stranger face
so she's ready for Sunday I'm looking
forward to rewatching a little huh I do
you know what I kind of want to watch it
in the background now just to pick up on
some more things beautiful all you need
to know is it's a beautiful fucking show
okay so this one so like in that train
we got to walk in and place our little
animal in this one we can't get in yet
so we need to send our nail down it's
the same basic fucking thing this all
could have been part of the initial one
one level there Taylor taken their time
something I do like in general is you
have to put down your objects you know
yeah and and especially with now that
you have your monitor you have to place
it in just the right way so you can type
and see the monitor at the same time and
I kind of love that so we say connect no
there's our oh but now is upside down
now fell down and so we say stand and
that'll flip now and then it looks like
we just go struggle here with turn
negative 20 check us
jack is neither seen nor read The
Killing Joke oh rich has lent it to me
yep
and I do plan on watching the movie uh
after you read this yeah I'm gonna blow
your mind
okay I'm gonna blow your mind with the
last page of the book okay Alex I'm
excited about reading this rich has lent
oh can you guys see this rich has lent
me his copy of The Killing Joke I will
read it we looked up and it was made in
88 so this book came out when I was 7
years old yeah and I will read it and we
will watch the movie and talk about that
then I read The Killing Joke live on
stream you know I'd be fine with that
Jack reacts to Killing Joke you could we
can take a short break
actually it's not very long yeah yeah
okay
did you read that one that I know did
you read it and I didn't really notice
while I was hacking no no that
everything Lord Bowman says with the
latest half in the bag review my brother
argued that Mike actually ate those
cardboard cutouts I told him that it's
just editing then he said he's
twenty-seven ironically that he still
thinks he ate them I didn't see that
half in the bag I haven't either because
I don't want spoilers so I need to do
I'm so sorry
oh that's right look I know the first
act is some kind of weird Barbara Gordon
story and the the movie version in all
honesty honesty I plan on just skipping
that entire section you can't you have
to know it's not part of the story you
have but you have to judge the movie as
the movie I just want to judge it as The
Killing Joke I've said it time and again
the important aspect I know the
animation is kind of shitty and it is
kind of shitty yeah what I've seen the
important aspect of this is Mark
Hamill's voiceover as the Joker right
what's important is whether that he
nailed that part everyone's telling me
that Kevin Conroy has phoned it in I've
heard the same thing about animal I
don't I don't see that with Mark Hamill
he said like multiple times like one of
the only things I would come back for as
the Joker is to do The Killing Joke it's
something he's been wanting to do I
doubt he phoned it in hey Mara
rich you're on a show where you watch
bad movies and talk about them you can't
just skip things because they'll they'll
be bad like it's you know like to me
just talking about talking about the
movie I like just watching that bit of
the movie does a doesn't disservice to
the whole movie you're you know what
you're so what you're saying is like oh
you know like Hamels performance is good
I didn't watch the first half-hour of it
like that's colors your whole experience
it's about the thing that they made not
the thing that you want it to be I don't
do this shit it's a 45 page comic book
you know now somebody had the bright
idea geez why don't we do an adaptation
of The Killing Joke one of the most
famous comic books ever people like Mark
Hamill it's the best Joker story let's
get him to do the voice well he can you
can voice The Killing Joke and that will
be amazing we'll make a ton of money and
then someone else realized oh it's only
45 pages long it's going to be a 20
minute DVD we can't sell a 20 minute
long DVD without there being a backlash
so they're going to have to Pat it yep
they could have interspersed the padding
throughout the story
sure and fucked everything up they were
kind enough to shove 40 minutes of
padding in front that is almost
unrelated to what happens afterwards and
so if you only really want to watch the
animated version of The Killing Joke Oh
skip to 30 minutes in now I can watch
The Killing Joke and I am far happier
with that that had they just shoved all
of this shit in the middle of the story
fucking with The Killing Joke sure but
it's still the thing they made you still
like no it's padding yes everyone knows
it's padding jocha there's the hole it's
not really a part of the hole and it was
never
oh of course it's part of the whole made
it part of the story that they had to
throw it they could have had an intro to
it that actually did service to the
story they could have done something
that added to the Killing Joke because
everyone knew who back when The Killing
Joke came out everyone knew who Batgirl
was right everyone knew that Batgirl was
Barbara Gordon
so as the reader even though Joker
didn't know she was Batgirl Barbara
Gordon has a significance to the reader
and someone watching that now giving
back girl a back story is a good idea
and they've cocked it up then cocked it
up you're wrong jack pretended there's a
director's cut that is just the last 20
minutes right but it's not but it's not
this is the thing they made am I done
with this oh I'm doing this hey hey what
do you think oh my god yep I was done
with that one for a while
I haven't read the book yet and I
haven't seen the movie yet I would
switch it to number 2 yeah I haven't
read the book or seen the movie which
makes you an expert I'm only going off
of what I've heard which has been
unanimous I have not heard a dissenting
voice in that it's terrible all I'm
reacting to is you saying I'll just give
to just skip to the Killing Joke yeah
when I watch The Killing Joke I'm going
to skip to the Killing Joke what's wrong
with that because then what how are we
gonna talk about the other part the
other part just garbage
can we just all agree that cannibal
animals is a great joke
cannibals sein here's a froze auro
saying the funny thing is DC have put
out a 20 minute animated Superman Shazam
hold on where are you
they they've put out a 20 minute
animated Superman Shazam the return of
Black Adam dvd/blu-ray
20 minutes they've put it out on blu-ray
Warner Brothers did how much do they
charge for and it was awesome it had an
audio commentary and few other special
mini episodes to make it worth the buy
if they did something similar with The
Killing Joke people would have been fine
with it there was zero need to badass
stories I'll agree with that yeah that I
would agree with that to what I'm saying
is their decision to Pat out the story
affects your judgment of the story as a
whole I haven't watched it yet you know
from from what I have heard it sounds
like it's basically two entirely
different stories and you could start
watching it in the middle and it's it's
you may as well put a commercial break
in there or credits from what I've heard
sure sure you probably can but that you
know they made a thing they made a whole
thing they made a thing I don't care
about they made a thing you didn't care
about right
go go I plan on watching the whole thing
I'll probably watch the second half
after I watch the actual Killing Joke
part a the only part I care about sure
and that's fine sure
anonymous says and I'm not gonna read
this one it's too political and we're
just not gonna get political not tonight
I'm gonna take my pants off I'm damn
curious though no that's what he wrote
oh oh I'm pretty sure he wanted they
wanted me to say that yeah yeah next
time you say that like you have to put
it like in parentheses say you know just
read the next part and then I'll do your
bed fame a future famous person says
Justin Lin makes a Star Trek TNG film
that takes place after Star Trek beyond
it stars Vin Diesel as Picard Tom Hardy
as Riker and the rock is Geordi would
you watch it I've been too busy typing
here what was that Justin Lin yeah I
don't know okay he's a director I assume
okay makes a Star Trek TNG film that
takes place after Star Trek beyond it
stars Vin Diesel as Picard Tom Hardy as
Riker and the rock as Geordi great it's
gonna be great would you watch it I mean
honestly it just out of just out of
curiosity for a few minutes in if it was
funny cuz it could only be a joke right
I would keep watching if it weren't
funny I would stop watch be very curious
about it
I think Rock has more of a wharf feel to
him to tell you the truth yeah oh
definitely if we're going with like
big-name modern AFT actors like Geordi
would be Idris Elba well there's all Vin
Diesel the rock these are all action
guys
Tom Hardy yeah well interest he was in a
was the mech suit one I don't know who's
wrestling now you need another wrestler
you think what oh what about what about
who's in who's in guardians Batista but
he stood as data
well dracs does take everything
literally right the kind of water
turning that right over to data he's
already done Jack I think I think you
nailed it boom Justin Lin directed Star
Trek beyond okay we haven't seen beyond
in Wow this mission was fun
it's a fun right so simple so utterly
simple right so utterly simple and
obvious what is the

[Part II]
Transcript missing
