Nov 16, 2016
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/106105652
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/106143918
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_33Djnw7CE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wNLJF5c6RY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/798985864340652032
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/799067590261882880

[Part I]
hello and welcome to our stream welcome
to our gaming stream where we play games
today Jack's playing Binding of Isaac
rebirth or after rebirth birth after you
know why cuz it fucking felt like
playing Binding of Isaac I've been on my
handheld devices
yeah I've been I've been pretty pretty
solid with the the Pokemon Y and I'm
getting really bored with it it's not
it's not a challenge like the other
Pokemon games were and I yeah I know I
know what you're gonna say and she's and
and so I've been replaying some binding
of issac and after birth is not yet on
the Vita uh-huh which is where my main
game is and so I was like yeah we
couldn't figure out it in a plane it's
like some classic binding of issac now
three milestones you're working towards
right now like what's going on the last
time you're trying to get the bending
girl or something oh that's right I and
and I got the bandage girl on my Vita
version this one I guess is super fresh
I don't even know a lot also this isn't
related at all yeah this is a totally
different set okay okay so there's
nothing you're working towards here no I
just winning just that's all we're doing
is working towards winning oh wait but
what wait wait for what I don't know
what's that thing what do you mean you
don't know what's happening I said
resume gaming it goes like that
hold on something's weird
no Oh No unrecognized gamepad okay good
right now tits out okay oh oh I know why
cuz I'm doing a greed run oh I don't
want to do a greed run why why would
that affect this I don't know
so I've never actually done a greed run
because what does it greed run I don't
know what agreed to run is because it's
in after birth and I haven't played
after birth and going into greed mode
causes your controller do not act right
I don't know let's see what happens if
we just play the word game regularly yes
what is happening oh there we go okay
now we're ready to go
now we're rocking get my Isaac legs back
let them play what they want
oh Jesus Christ you guys we're gonna
play what we want no matter what you say
so that's what you have to deal with is
what I feel like playing right now play
with mouse yo Oh God who wants to play
Isaac with a mouse get rid of it okay
that's what play hardest difficulty I'm
playing on 'hardest if you are yeah jack
is playing on the hardest difficulty
unless agreed mode is harder I'm not
really sure and it might be like I said
I've never played it because after birth
isn't on Vita and that's where I get
most of my Isaac playtime right right so
why isn't afterbirth on Vito
my guess is the it's a big expansion you
know you have to but rebirth this
rebirth is yeah rebirth it is on but
here even here like that Anna me right
there that's a new enemy to me it's cool
you played either this or rebirth and
stream before me ah probably played a
rebirth on stream before I could only
assume I have I mean it's just one of my
favorite games ever how do you feel
about the 8-bit stylings the pixel
graphics
as compared to like the classic flash
animation it doesn't bother me it's not
like it's not blow my mind pixel
graphics and I know that's what Edmund
wanted at the beginning yeah he's like
pixel graphics but he didn't know how to
do it when he first made the binding of
issac yeah and so when they made rebirth
he he got to get a little do-over right
oh crap there was an X block and this is
the original style he wanted I mean it's
fine it doesn't bother me and it doesn't
it doesn't blow my mind if you know I
know that doesn't really mean anything
but well I what you think about it I
don't like it as much as the flesh
flashes cleaner yeah there's no
particularly good reason this should be
8-bit style no it's just what he wanted
you know yeah yeah I agree but it
doesn't bother me
Hart I'm gonna say it officially bothers
me oh my god
officially rich I'm so sorry
raise you on a big update and yeah I'm
what ah life in general
yeah yeah Richard Horvitz has not
tweeted back at me it's been four days
oh my god Wow he's probably not going to
tweet back at you he also hasn't posted
anything nobody knows what the fuck your
title and this is like it's like a
teaser I'm doing a little teaser of it
thing so I tweeted Richard Horvitz the
other day
wow that was a mistake I used to key on
that yeah that's alright I tweeted at
Richard Horvitz the other day to answer
a very important question yeah a very
important and for those who don't know
Richard Horvitz is a voice actor best
known pride to be the voice of Zim and
invader zim he's also the voice of alpha
from Power Rangers and I tweeted him
asking him if he did some voice work for
something along from a long long
ago and he has yet to tweet back at me
he never will
but also he is he hasn't tweeted
anything so I just think he hasn't been
on Twitter in four days do you think I
will make a difference yeah like I think
I think if he checks his tweet he might
be like I think he he'll give me a
thumbs up thumbs down or I don't know or
or I don't care you know dude leave me
alone yeah thank do you suppose he gets
a lot of tweets ah I don't know you know
it doesn't have like a crazy number of
followers so I think it's reasonable III
don't think it's absurd that he would
answer my question whoa almost went down
Oh a bandage
nice nice start he could be dead Richard
Horvitz yeah I hope not was it a drunk
tweet like Jays tweet to Jeffrey Combs
no it was a perfectly sober tweet for
anyone for anyone who's been with us
past couple past couple streams I
haven't had a single thing to drink all
November so it was a perfectly sober
tweet and I just I had a question for a
fine voice actor are Miller wants me to
get Twitter no you know what would
happen if I got Twitter I would never
use it yeah yeah it's it to me
everything about Twitter just sounds so
stupid it sounds like the dumbest thing
you can say things to people I don't
know you know whatever I don't give a
shit about that
uh-huh I'm not a detention I'm not a
fucking attention whore yeah and and you
can say what like a sentence 140
characters it's the dumbest thing oh
that's what I like about it where it's
light and it forces you to edit yourself
pay attention to me this is what I'm
doing and saying and thinking yeah you
know I think I think it's perfectly
reasonable as uh also that might be a
bit hypocritical for someone who you
know films himself and puts it up on on
the internet all things he's thinking
and saying rich connect with your fans
what the fuck do you think this is
that's true we just had a direct
connection a direct connection a
conversation that's the great thing
about twitch is we can we can talk back
and forth I think that comes from the
people complain about about my jokes
whenever we stream I try to I try to
make it a little funny and and they
always say they would say that was asked
if this joke was rich approved and it
never is cuz you're not on Twitter yeah
yeah so I think they just want you to
handle the previously recorded Twitter
what's going on
I can quarter every now and then you get
quoted something I said makes its way to
some where social media right Oh always
yeah you're you're a living meme you are
a you are a walking talking mean
often oftentimes stuff of stuff that you
have said or done makes it on mom I like
bombs did the wizard quit Twitter I have
no idea what's going on with Josh and
Twitter because I'm not on the Twitter
no I just saw him he tweeted something
the other day he's still on the
Twitter's he just said something about I
don't know probably something music
related because that's Josh yeah let's
that's his gym that's his jam but no I
know I just saw he just tweeted the
other day so he has not quit Twitter
didn't someone do a cross-stitch of a
rich quote and send it to you yes
yes they did did they I believe that was
the we've got another couple cross
dishes actually yeah that's great
there's one that says can't fuck them
when they're dead perfect perfect can't
fuck him on there did you know that were
a truth true statement Henri's don't
need no batteries oh fuck them if
they're dead
like can't fuck them if they're dead
amen to debt it's down up there hi dad I
see what we get here who you I'm beau
I'm the one coin my bumper one coin
yeah it's bumble one coin Bumbo want
coin that's bumble
he wants a coin bumble wants a company
wants coins which probably means he'll
what happens if you get my coin hog crap
I hate that thing I don't know I don't
know what happens if you what what is
that thing so that's a that's a that's
an explosive thoughts and it gives you
basically like a bomb that follows you
around uh-huh and if you shoot in a
direction it shoots in that direction
but the problem is uh it hurts you if it
blows up too close to you uh and it
never goes away you can't choose one
other guys it's it's one of my most
hated power-ups there's another X tone
around here how long never give bumbles
coins never give bumbles coins why not I
don't know some saying eat coins becomes
a turret oh okay yeah we want that okay
all right let's go see what the base is
mumble eats your coins that's fine if he
becomes a turret I'm okay with him eat
my coins is he good maybe he never stops
eating coins I don't know
no and I probably not they have they
have a Friendly's like that that like
eat your coins or eat your hearts but
usually get good stuff in return
a good old monstro okay harelip this is
yeah this is some like expert level
Isaac clay isn't it what do you mean
what you're doing right now no come on
no I'm just just dodging bullets this is
nothing this is nothing rich you know
you know this game jack I've I've played
this game just a little bit shit's a
little bit Bumbo stops eating coins
after he evolves for a third time oh
well then we want bumble to eat all the
coins
what's the injection doing I don't
remember exactly I'm probably I take it
but let's see what's in the devil room
oh that's a good one we want this one
that gives me extra items but it takes
one of my heart's like permanently
permanently okay so now you see I only
have two right hearts yeah but that's a
really good buy man
so no more Dishonored 2 what was the
last time we streamed an entire game
just front to back yeah I don't have we
ever I mean besides the night police
quest series I don't think we've ever
done that I've done Dead Rising Oh FTL
oh yeah yeah I know FDLE's kind of like
a different beast when it comes to
something like that and you've beaten
Isaac but like sure long kind of story
thing yeah I know almost never the quest
games but you'll yours talk more about
dishonored - oh you'll hear plenty of
talk of dishonored - whole auntie of
talk I have I have things to say about
dishonored - and we will probably make a
video about all the things we have to
say about designer - cuz that's what we
do because that's what we do when we're
not you know making videos and talking
about other she hadn't
all right uh mr. Bob blogs bob says I
consider myself lucky for having found
your channel you play games and talk
shit so much better than I do
and now I don't have to okay would you
play the original 1989 Prince of Persia
consider it nothing against Prince of
Persia like the the old old school
principal yep yeah I guess favorite game
this year a lot a lot of good stuff doom
comes to mind yeah well I see it's been
a long year what else came out this year
did X account was X come to this year or
last was that last November or last
December or last January oh that's a
good one didn't come out that's a really
good question I'm seeing the numbers
that you have by the way in stardew
valley the hours numbers I figured that
might be is did that come out this year
I like sorry Val in love would be my
favorite though oh yeah yeah yeah bumble
unicorn you guys said you have some
impressive starter value it started do
Valle hours is all I'm saying
XCOM was February oh my god oh he's come
or doom the the classic conundrum here
rich X camera no I know I don't know I
don't know Oh
goddammit
can't you kill us No
Boompa
yeah why not both both can't be a
favorite that's not how favorites work
and yeah I'm not I'm not putting Sardu
above do-more XCOM 2 i like sorry too
but it's not going above those two how
about I'm charted for fuck you too
Darkwing schmuck in the chat is saying
XCOM or doom question mark it's like
1993 all over again that's a great
comment I improve that's great
Jack LeMond says long time watcher first
time tipper thanks for the hours of
entertainment you're welcome
digger blue just finished XCOM enemy
within it took forever did you have you
played too cuz who's got a much more
satisfying endgame as much as I love
enemy within
the ends kind of it just kind of fizzles
the last mission is just enemy Oh a
horribly dull and enemy within yeah
right sorry like I got mixed with ex-con
- ah - actually ends with the climax
oh god that last battle yeah I know a
cry I know I kind of love it
are you would you would love it you
gotta be challenged oh yeah listen I'm
with you that was just that was that
ending was hardcore just when you think
you got it figured out drops another
eight enemies on in your fucked our our
Miller wishes he could learn to like a
game like X comma just if I'm why you
don't like it I mean if you just think
it's too hard
XCOM XCOM you need a little bit of
patience you had to learn XCOM it
doesn't come instantly I remember the
first number of times I'd tried to play
it on classic difficulty I would get my
ass kicked
oh yeah I did that on stream you got
here a house kick Oh classic X time - oh
yeah god yeah it was not the same as X
come one Oh No but then I mastered it
Jack you did you take I got at the point
where I can I can kick XCOM to SAS nice
that again it's been long enough maybe
I'm rusty oh good time again I'm holding
off on playing it until I hear they
fixed that damn targeting bug they
introduced with the controller support
patch I'm not against there being
controller support but I don't want my x
count to be worked because of it that's
just awful
let me roll that shit back look at my
bum buh yeah he's evolving into a bumble
plus I don't know him look at him he's
kind of adorable I got a little bumble
minion keep in mind I don't know if I've
ever played after birth because I bet
I'm a Vita player turn on the advanced
item heads-up display in the options so
we can see what you have
uh yeah sure I ate Donuts --is what are
the chances of there being an
end-of-the-year wrap up episode aka what
was rich right about this year that is
that's in the plan that's in the plan we
have a plan we have three more episodes
that we want to shoot this year mm-hmm
and we're we're in the middle we're in
the middle of one now but yes that one
of the plans is to do an end-of-the-year
wrap-up games we want to talk about best
of the year etc so that look for that
that is possibly gonna happen
huckleberry fences rich lean over and
give Jack a smooch and a hug no I will
not I mean I appreciate you guys looking
out for me I guess but yeah rich doesn't
need to do that
hello excuse me Dark One Jen you can
talk about XCOM like games I played hard
West and honestly hard West just made me
want to play XCOM oh god hard wes was
such a BS just it's doing X come just
not as good yeah so why would I why
would I want to play that over X cow
right you know mm-hmm all stats up then
shuffled great is there any more if you
if you want to email us a game on Steam
or if you need our email for the game on
Steam yeah it is
I always good what these specific
addresses so I'm just gonna let you
repeater rich is actually no help it is
prereq at red letter media okay because
I just want to say say before previously
recorded sure I didn't and that would be
incorrect that would be incorrect
because Mike setup the email so it's
prereq yeah PR e are EC at red letter
media comm send us games we don't need
to be steamed friends you can just
fucking bone guide salty cotton candy
says would you consider playing populist
at the beginning salted cotton candy yes
salty
cotton candy bumble grow all bumble
getting bigger it's almost time for his
ultimate form whatever that means
whatever that means it might be
happening
no it's not you Inc what what who eat
Bumbo well he's shit Wow he should not a
thing yeah give me shit boom what's that
oh that's great so he shits out treasure
chest that's his thing yeah damage up
fuck yeah thanks bumbo you're the best
why is bumble disgust everyone what he's
fine he's the greatest look at him
unicorn horn yeah sure
temporary badass you become invincible
and can hurt people just by touching
them it's a unicorn thing because it's
like like it's like rainbow power and
techno music plays I don't quite
understand it but you know
oh and now bow oh look now he attacks
people to Owen DS oh you give me Saul
sorts of treats Thank You bumble bumble
is like what was left in the transporter
after the failure and Star Trek the
motion picture these bumbles alive Ryan
Oh spikes spikes he's uh you know we're
down in the caves and we need a friend
all right
this is what we got this is the friend
we got probably wasted that but that's
okay this is the friend we got chill
music too
nice nice
are you kidding it like with Bumbo and
and the daddy longlegs spider I'm not
gonna have to do anything I'm just gonna
have to concentrate on dodging Bumbo and
the spider are gonna take care of all
the enemies for me so far this is a
pretty chill run which I am perfectly
okay with last stream you discuss
gameplay being more important than story
I think personally gameplay is a story
oh Jesus Christ
I drop nuclear throne for not following
through on the story it was telling even
though everyone told me to just shut up
and stop thinking about it it's just
about the gameplay you shouldn't care
about the story I'm not trying to be
rude you have any more thoughts on this
whole you know they're they're all
kerfuffle there there are games that do
a really good job of theming the
gameplay with the story interweaving the
gameplay into the story I know I've
talked a lot about like you know the
half-life 2 or even the original
half-life or Metroid Prime in which the
gameplay mechanics complement to the
storytelling and you never leave your
character and that then you have games
like Mass Effect where I argue the the
storytelling is the gameplay the way
they they handle the storytelling sure
sure
yeah with it with the wheel you mean and
then you have games like Uncharted where
they're just basically making a fucking
movie right
each Bumbo
and that's the see that's like the real
problem is when is games that focus on
the story in lieu of gameplay right ah
we don't need gameplay we have a
compelling story everyone wants to know
the story of how I don't know what's his
fucking name again Nathan you know how
it became a thief maybe his last
thief's mission oh people love that we
don't need the gameplay come on he
climbs on shit I don't know there's an
element of a shooter I don't know it'll
be great
is this bum Bo's final form I imagine
this yeah he hasn't grown in a while I
think this whole thing is you get chest
now and that's the benefit well items to
he's dropping just to bring to my house
as well which is great right great yeah
every once in a while he drops a live
bomb which you know that's just
something I deal with and best boom
Thank You bumble okay you can just a ton
of keys - yeah I'm feeling really that
it was I'm dealing with the devil that I
made early on because not anytime you
get an item it doubles and just like I
really yeah Lana run a room clear it
doubles so like if I found a room clear
you were supposed to just get one chest
to pop to chest okay so you're getting
the same lot of Bumbo or no no Bumbo
only drops one okay but that's okay
but that's okay cuz that's bonus I
didn't even I don't I didn't even know
about bumble bee this is my first bumble
so many fucking items I'm feeling great
I'm feeling great about this run this is
my first run and after birth and
possibly ever have you ever thought of
playing an uncharted s game but
blindfolded for the entire game believe
it or not we have when we remember when
we did the uncharted force for hours of
yeope and I just wasn't looking at the
stream I was I wasn't looking at the
game let's just haven't you tell me what
to do
for a while I make it in I don't know if
it did I think it did I think so
whatever I think some that made it in we
talked about doing a whole Uncharted
let's play where I never looked at the
screen and I the only problem was it was
a lot of me just going left slightly
more like yeah yeah and so it would have
gotten old after a while but yeah that
was we talked about just making that a
stream to see how far you could make it
doo-doo-doo there's like four hours of
that game we were just doing nothing oh
God J we were doing jack shit and that
was always like we had a we had a five
minute shootout and the first four hours
of the game yep
fuck uncharted oh fuck it
so hard
that was always one of our biggest
questions like in starting first four
hours which is just like what's the bare
minimum to really understand what a
games about and way like we decided on
four hours and I stand by that decision
in four hours you should know what a
game is all about and and that's what
Uncharted is all about I found pac-man
lacking in plot development the third
act sucks in other words stop comparing
movie stories to game stories it's an
arbitrary type of comparison I can only
assume he's talking to the chat there's
a chat I can only assume he or she well
and that's the biggest point that's the
point that that rich and I have talked
about a lot is that's the problem with a
lot of these Uncharted type games is the
pacing is off this you know because
they're pacing it like they're pacing it
incorrectly for the for the amount of
content not a good one this is to make
it more challenging ah but it doesn't
give you any benefit it just makes me
enemies harder yeah you get nothing out
of it well harder enemies drop more
items would you already getting a shit
ton of items exactly so that's not
anything I really need to worry about Oh
what is this
I don't know well chain oh I guess I get
you that's fine
well change him a bob alright that's
great
got a little while changing her Bopper
there each Bumbo give me things No
are you done I doesn't give me things
now jiggle a35 swag
well that brings up a point someone made
earlier to you jack
oh shit what is the difference between a
game like Firewatch which you liked yes
and uncharted which you didn't that's
just at you because I didn't like either
um
one pacing the fire watch you can beat
in three four hours some time so the
entire story is encapsulated in three
hours but you're doing even less you're
doing even less but the gameplay that is
there I feel is themed well with the
story okay being let's be disingenuous
to the game and just call it a walking
simulator okay mm-hmm I do think there
is some exploration but I know that we
can go back forth if it's just a walking
simulator the game is about a man trying
to isolate himself and you are in an in
an atmosphere in which you are isolated
so the gay the walking game play is in
theme with the story therefore I give
that a pass and in fact I recommend even
because the gameplay and story are in
theme and the pace is on point Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard says so Disney
Star Wars has its own expanded universe
now rich if you want to know what
happened between four and and five and
six sit you're dyslexic ass down and
crap open up crack open a book I mean
six and seven then old ones the new ones
I don't I don't care what happened
between them I just don't of course
they're gonna have their own expanded
universe they want you to buy more stuff
then we're gonna stop making books
they're just gonna do it in its own new
universe because the books were so
stupid the movies don't want to be
associated also it's Jack that's
dyslexic now rich get your shit together
it was just lexicon what happened they
called you dyslexic they said get your
dislike ass in front of a book and it's
me that's just like yeah rich so why
don't you get your shit together and
come on back come on back there was you
know what speaking remember I think we
talked about this in the first four
hours of do you remember that really fun
story gameplay theming and uncharted
where Nathan goes up to his attic and
he's playing around with like a nerf gun
yeah and he's like hey remember the good
old times like that was that was a point
in uncharted that had a little bit of
gameplay and themed with the story of
like remember the good old days but when
you're walking around looking for the
entrance in the basement isn't that
gameplay you're walking around right
when you're walking around talking to
somebody that's gameplay because you're
walking around what about that Jack
right
great grandma's I've lost you said it's
long since scrolled up those comment I
wanted to read
alright and I can't read anymore cuz I
see it but the gist of it was the no
man's sky devs have apparently been
hired by the star citizen team what I
was remembering star citizen is the
space flight sim by the Roberts gang
they used to do the Wing Commander going
yes famous Kickstarter infamous and/or
famous if you want to look at it yes I
think it's probably another bad idea
Oh your third planet generation I mean
for for all of no man's sky's flaws it
did have a lot of randomly generated
planets this is is this literally what
we generated planets and what we talked
about in the review is just the random
planet generating engine could be really
good in some other in an actual game
yeah and ya know that's a good thing
well there you go great it was only one
of the devs not the whole team that was
brought on yeah Wow boy you wanna clean
okay I got for me nothing Zillah 4000
cents hey Jack I'm Jack the game Awards
are coming up and both overwatch and
doom are nominated for game of the year
both overwatch and doom I'm conflicted
on which one I should vote for so I was
wondering which would you choose
oh that's a crazy hard question I love
both of them can they be two different
categories is that a thing
can we make that happen you can do
whatever you want you know so it looks
like you're kicking ass here
no I'm now kicking so much ass it looks
like your gamble to to the bargain with
the demon for your heart has paid off
big-time oh yeah
huge I know I don't even understand what
this power is I got a like a greed thing
and but you can't get coins I'm assuming
you can't you get coins because of the
the the guy no I can't I can sneak him
out if I beat him to the cone okay but
why would you want to was a reason you
would want to you know sometimes shops
have good stuff I'm trying to get up to
like 15 coins because usually in the
shops the good item is fixed okay okay
so who is the other guy on stream rich
snap that was justice those have slapped
your face it's alright you know what I'm
comfortable with who I am you know
presumably if they know who I am
they've seen best of the worst most
likely maybe they've only seen episodes
that I haven't been in that's a that's a
stretch that's quite the stretch you
know it's very possible I I vote for I
think it's very possible that
how are you done taking coins in that
bumble I'll see done apparently he's
done taking coins that he's just my
enforcer now which is great he beats
people up for me you Inc no no are you
thinking still he just doesn't take all
the coins that's weird
give me stuff no all right I thought you
wanted to get up to 15 I did but I was
more curious as to why he wasn't taking
coin so I let him take I'm countable let
him take a couple gave money I think is
wack says tried doom again much better
here's money in exchange for
recommending zone of the enders XCOM etc
wow thanks worst ex come luck question
mark two's tutorial told me to use sword
from my last guy missed squad white rich
equals right fuck the word hahaha that's
what you get
yeah yeah okay I haven't I have an
answer yeah for game of the year yeah
doom versus overwatch okay I love both
of them I mean we all know what my
answer this is but I'm not a multiplayer
guy so I love both of them and I have
significantly more hours into overwatch
yeah but I'm gonna say doom okay
because I think Doom what will appeal to
more people okay overwatch is very
specific online multiplayer shooters
yeah Mitch so I'm my game of the year
would go to doom over overwatch which is
really tough for me to say cuz I love I
was just playing I was playing a little
bit today and I got to play as Sombra
finally and it was so much fun playing
as a new hero learning learning a new
hero's place since she's still in beta
you know no she's the patch is official
now okay and everyone will remember that
this weekend is free overwatch weekend
everyone gets to play overwatch for free
this weekend and so download and play
overwatch
and love it because it's the greatest I
won't have time what I want if I'm dad
Roger yeah I know what you got to do
yeah yeah element seven three ones as
fellows yes
love the stream as usual when can we
expect an announcement about the rich
Evans expanded universe
what's third Evans expanded universe
I want a Karen origin story and a rich
slash Jack coming-of-age teen comedy a
la Porky's there are there are no plans
for a rich Evans expanded universe rich
Evans expand it I just want to know
what's in it like it's just I guess the
rich Evans expanding universe is just
personal stories so you you get that
shit all the time it's sprinkled in here
and there oh shit I'm at mom already
you never finished enter the gungeon
yeah now we never finished enter the
gungeon we never beat enter the gungeon
hell of a Jack came than a me game
anyway now that I not that I hated enter
the gungeon hey I didn't like that the
the powers weren't stacking that was my
problem with it too you know I'm like
Isaac site look look at this look at
this weird ash I'm shooting giant coins
and some of them are bloody and some of
them are brown and like my outfits are
weird and I got friends with me this is
the kind of shit that I like
and in Gunjan you just get to choose
from one gunner to the other it's a fine
game gungeon enter the gungeon but it's
not it's not my it's not my it wouldn't
become my obsession like Isaac has
become my obsession yeah or like
figuring out like an FTL you know like
figuring out the right weapon
combinations who flak laser Halbert beam
you know something like that
get their shields down slice them up you
can find really fun combinations yeah
but that was that that's why Gunjan
didn't have the longevity to me
I stay focused gotta stay focused you
don't want to get you let your guard
down
well yeah cuz now I can beat everyone
but you know they can still you get
overconfident yeah they can still hurt
me so red pooop' comes back red pooop'
comes back and it hurts you if you bump
into it and that chest has spikes on it
so I can only assume it hurts me if I
open it okay but there might be
something awesome inside there could be
something else inside so my plan is to
wait
should should Jack open the upper chest
the uber chest the the spiky chest I'm
gonna wait until my unicorn horn fills
ah Vince
oh shit then I can be invincible what
are there's just an extra heart lying
around or if there's an extra heart
lying around I got also if it takes one
heart but it might take more than one
heart we don't know no he should nob no
it's not uber no it's just an item chest
okay what do you ohh ohh we'll see but
now I have a free that battery refills
my my unicorn gauge so I have a free
unicorn gauge base okay so I am
definitely going to oh thanks I'm going
to take that as soon as I clear another
room
oink great
just have to clear another room first I
feel like this game relies too much on
fecal imagery we know who the proves our
relies too much on fecal imagery yes III
wouldn't say it relies on it that's our
faculty it's utterly reliant utterly
utterly it's part of it's part of the
thing man you just got a you got a oh
just like a boss rush room yeah like I
could have I could have not opened the
the gold chest and you know just let it
be but my god you're destroying them
right they just weaker versions are you
just destroying I'm just incredibly
incredibly powerful got anything for me
no all right all right let's go see
what's in that spiky chest cuz I got my
free unicorn horn Paul now
yep just keen about so this this game is
shit this game is oh fuck you
unless that was a joke in which case I
think the most you get the joke but I
don't get the joke this game relies a
lot on fecal imagery this game is shit
oh I still don't quite get it but I'll
just I'm just gonna go along with it at
this point because you know
just you know remember this this game is
from a child's perspective and so it's
you know weird monsters and shit Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard says if the Last
Supper was a Passover meal and Jesus was
tried the following day how could
Barabbas be released for Passover it's
been 2,000 years and that never bothered
anyone you know you know you're gonna
even if you're gonna start pointing out
continuity errors in the Bible there are
bigger ones but whatever whatever
there's bigger fish to fry if you want
to you want to start pointing out like
clerical errors and in the Bible if your
beliefs aren't harmful and you can
believe whatever the fuck you want I
just don't give a damn
Wow riches settle down a little bit
blues aren't harmful I don't care I
never have we have had this guy you've
taken hard leads if you believe that I
need to shoot people because my religion
says I must vanquish the the heathens
yeah your religion is terrible and you
should feel ashamed absolutely if you
just believe Sammy the soap monster
lives up in space he looks at you all
day all right just kind of weird kind of
dumb but whatever I wants and me the
soap monster how do i how do i apply to
the same of the soap monster religion
you just just believe you just believe
it like any religion you just yeah okay
I believe that thing there you go you're
sending the soap monster I'd I that's
that's me I I want to work on the name
though it's name in some monster right
you know Sammy the soap monster Aryan
Sammy this soap month apostle if if what
I have complained about religion in the
past it has definitely been about
fanatics harming harming the world
harming harming laws or whatever
each Bumbo whip whip whip whip whip whip
no not still nothing got nothing for me
what what the fuck was that
are you gonna eat I can eat gumbo or no
you're full
I haven't that ah all right doing great
anybody been doing great this is great
this jack played the beginner guide yet
I don't know what that is
I don't know what that is so my guess is
no do you really need the unicorn horn
at this point makes it easier damage and
health up Oh God
it's crazy Jack it's crazy it's crazy
rich oh my god one of those so the knife
replaces my shots with a knife that does
a lot of damage but it's just one knife
yeah but it can like it's like circles
around me okay this I think that gives
me a black heart every time I use it
which could be useful what's the black
heart a black heart is just an extra
heart that you know the blue ones
yeah well it's a black one so you don't
need a container so I could fill myself
up with black heart wait there does that
give me items yeah do either way I don't
care I don't care about either of those
things maybe that gives me an idea my
people are chanting knife knife no I'm
not I'm not wasting this on a knife run
the the knife's are really powerful but
it's just one projectile yeah and I look
at I have fucking gold bombs right now
not wasting this out of knife run knifes
are really nice I don't get early on
yeah someone else a chat saying knife
might actually be an unsafe play at this
point oh it's yes yeah it would be a
huge downgrade huge downgrade I mean of
course I have my helpers like I have
bumbo and I have daddy longlegs so I
could just sit in a corner and have them
take care of everything but someone
saying the knife doesn't circle I meant
I didn't know
not circle like the bloody knife it
sticks out in front of me so it doesn't
circle at all
well no but so it sticks out in whatever
direction my head is facing and so ok it
goes round me in a circle yes that was a
confusing way to say it there's a
different knife in the game the bloody
knife that actually circles around you
okay it's kind of like a shield the fuck
is that this is this let's all does okay
so it's not worth it not worth it not
when I got the unicorn horn as little
hesitant about the unicorn horn nah but
it's proving quite useful Jack that's a
dagger you heathen what they just said
that's a dagger oh the bloody dagger I
don't know scissors I don't know what
that does I'd rather have cancer the
safety scissors I don't know what those
do but cancer makes makes you cry harder
so I'd rather have cancer you know
that's an accurate depiction of cancer
you're almost at 15 Jack oh there's no
shops now that we're in the room oh so
now you can have them all here you know
what I have enough keys I have this one
what are you give me another what if it
needs so many ores just like a chance
that's probably random random chance I'd
be I'd assumed yeah okay
rock and roll anyone tell me what
someone tell me what the safety scissors
do please oh if I see it I will read it
if someone if someone mentions see what
the safety scissors do that would be
moms knife scales you're damaged you
would probably one-shot any boss with it
since you have gotten a lot of damage up
items that's true I do have a ton of
damage safety scissors turn troll bombs
into free bomb pickups and turns fire
bombs into double bomb pickups oh I have
enough bombs I'd rather have that option
yeah no mom's knife could have been good
the only problem is like mom's knife is
wonky to shoot things with and this is
just a giant spray of Awesome bullets so
I think this is the right choice and
it's too late I've made it this is the
choice I've made you're gonna beat the
game and your first run that I checked
that's great
we're doing great then what do we do
that I either I play it again or assign
a new game
I played but I know better than to
follow this act haha helped out Oh what
was it I have a problem with pills I
take all the pills so I lost a heart
container okay so now I only have four
instead of five which puts me at a
pretty big disadvantage he's like this
fucker
oh my god none of us says so do you guys
donate to charities which ones I've I've
never had like an amount of spare money
to the point where I said you know I can
give a bunch to charity that's never
happened to me oh okay
you'd like a dollar here they're
collecting your collecting money for
something or something yeah
I've never taken like here's five eighty
dollars I'm gonna give it to this
charity oh yeah that is never happened
I like the The Hunger task force here in
here in Milwaukee we have the The Hunger
task force and you know it gives food to
people who need food you know what I do
for charity hmm that doesn't cost any
money I give blood yeah yeah I've done
that
I give guys I'm regularly with the
American Red Cross I regularly give
blood I have I'd like they had they had
me on a schedule is any more like nearby
up here we did they used to live by a
like you know done in the noise live by
a Heartland Blood Center oh okay so
anything like that here we're just gotta
wait for someone to have a blood drive
well but usually the same places have it
you know once every six months and so
like for me there's a place right down
the street that has one you know every
six months and so that's what I do
blood donations often go to waste
mmm it's so important but if they're
needed it's yeah and it's just something
that I can do that doesn't cost me any
money something that I can do to help
sometimes yeah I'm sure there's
something go to waste but hey a little
thing if I can do a little thing and it
has the possibility of helping or why
wouldn't I Thank You bull ice got
anything else for me no now with this
one
I got that all right I'm sorry
look like that was getting pretty hairy
there for a bid Jack yeah absolutely
absolutely and great oh my god the
animation yeah that's adorable
well yeah you're like usually for me
like as far as charities are concerned
it's it's usually like food-related
their animation the fetus in a jar has
appeared in the basement I hate the I'd
hate the idea of someone going hungry
he's a here's a quick tip yeah you wanna
you wanna be charitable huh keep in your
car granola bars yeah like a big pack of
granola bars and then if you see someone
on the side of the road who's got a
little sign that says they're homeless
and hungry you give them a little
granola bar I was just driving down the
street yep and heavy rain downpour okay
heavy rain downpours just man standing
on the street corner holding up one of
those signs you know help me I feel bad
for him yeah but I you know I went to
driving past them and I stopped at a
McDonald's and I went in to buy him mom
oh just a McDonald's breakfast yeah I
remember some other guy in there and I
mentioned what I was doing is yeah I'm
broke to me give me something here his
block there you go fucking mode sure
where's your sign you sign I come you're
not standing on the rain see here's the
thing you starting out in the rain and
by assembly that guy put some effort
into it what are you what are you doing
nothing you know what I went to go give
the other guy's sandwich he was gone
oh I felt bad
yellow flies
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo yeah that's
that's my charity I often and you know I
live in the city so we we we have to
deal with people with signs often and so
keep some granola bars in that I eat the
sandwich I've already eaten I don't
remember what happened to the sandwich
but right I was not hungry at the time I
bought this for somebody else this is an
important question what happened to the
Safeway
I mean I'm curious I'm not saying I'm
not yonder yonder says as someone who
was in the hospital a lot and has to
have blood I thank you both for giving
blood
keep up the amazing work thank you blood
helps and you give you a cookie too
they give you a cookie then you know
usually the places have like a little
little something for you to snack on
what you know it doesn't take that long
no it's like a half an hour I do the
Snipe in that long I do well I do these
where I went but the two pints thing I
don't know what that is where they take
um like more than normal yeah they take
twice the amount and then like only keep
the red blood cells and give you back
the word like they do something in a
centrifuge and give you back some
yeah not a massage do you have any
thoughts on the Milwaukee Sheriff why
should I is there like a story with the
sheriff did something weird Dickon what
happened he's just in general a general
he's a dickhead he's one of those he's
one of those controversial provocateurs
he compared the black lives matter
movement or he said black lives matter
is working with Isis okay cuz he's a
giant dickhead he's one of those he's
one of those people who like that's not
the same guy who I saw a video of where
they're asking about some kind of flea
shooting and he said look I gotta go to
a child got shot I've gotta go do my job
leave me alone about this crap I had a
lot of respect for him I don't know if
that's the same guy I don't think so
okay I do but you know what I don't know
Oh
oh crap don't you give me that's giving
the seeker room and give me crap
now there's a there's a lot of people
that are that are so desperate to make a
name for themselves that they'll just
say outrageous things the one thing I
ever heard him say sounded quite
reasonable but that's the only thing I
ever heard him say so sheriff Clark I
don't
this chest saying it's the same guy but
what do I know don't think whoa whoa
what the fuck was that there's a demon
why is that oh I didn't usually there's
not demons in this room okay I hear
demon
get out of here demon motherfucker Zilla
four thousand says thank you jack
what think I'll go for doom as well
about the vote oh that's right yeah do
my game of the year over overwatch it's
a tough call love overwatch a fucking I
fuckin love overwatch I play overwatch
all the time also if you are at all
curious about the other choices they
were inside titanfall 2 and uncharted 4
I've heard great things about that fella
- thanks for the laughs and keep kicking
ass
you know but Uncharted is gonna win
because I don't know art because of art
a story like a movie it's like a movie
just thinkin
rip the graphics in uncharted 2 were so
revolutionary and that we had we had to
give it Game of the Year I've heard
really good things about titanfall 2
they've added a single-player campaign
yep
and I hear the multiplayer is very good
alright I haven't played it but I'm not
a big multiplayer gamer so you know oh
that is exact I had a shitload of fun
play doom doom what's great doom is a
great game i don't i don't really care
about game awards though and give it to
wherever they want didn't it's
meaningless doesn't mean i enjoyed the
game i liked any less right you know
that's true that's true rich so what's
the cardboard box stick oh it's just a
it gave me stuff like ain't no keys and
money and modesty up and it's just a it
just gave me random stuff and now that's
the visual marker i am curious about the
new call of duty in the call of duty in
space yeah it's kind of its kind of
bizarre everyone says it's terrible
yeah and it's the first time I've ever
seen it like a Call of Duty and I was
like oh that could be fun like the
flight around in space spaceships of fun
zero gravity gunfights I've never done
that before
thank you friend
what are you makes oh no I'm tiny I
don't understand like why why don't I
hate Call of Duty fans yeah why did the
new one get so much hate that's a great
question that it just finally it wasn't
just finally too much was just finally
we're sick of Call of Duty was that in
I'm very curious what it's called duty
113 at this point what it would Call of
Duty is it I don't know yeah because
they they're smart enough not to use
numbers because they they know how
absurd it would look right this is a
terrible place to address Call of Duty
fans
that's very true thank you all then I'm
just curious what is what is the deal
with the hate on that game I'm just I'm
not in the loop a mix of people being
sick of it and people not liking the
sci-fi direction okay so idiots so
that's the one thing that looks
interesting to me the sci-fi direction
right oh oh Jesus look what the vision
the you take a pill and it gives you a
retro vision which just makes it more
pixel well see what's your Kade there's
an arcade yeah what happens in there
it's kind of like a shop where uh I
guess uh yeah I have some coins I can
open well who I have 15 I should check
out the shop first yep
you do what you got to do I'm doing what
I got it oh shit oh here comes retro
vision again yeah that sucks
so just randomly happens you can't stop
it apparently not
I really should stop eating pills why
okay you know you never know if a pill
is gonna be good or bad um it's really
it's always random yeah unless you get
there's an item that lets you
that lets you see what the pills are but
I don't got it it looks different it's
not call of duty that's why I come on I
don't like call of duty partially
because of titanfall 2 and titanfall 2
is said to have done them better right
look I really I really don't have a dog
and then that that that race
nice
nice Nathan made says Jack and rich yes
Isaac has co-opted fetus co-op which was
planning of getting you metal gear
rising in case you wanted to pair it
with a vanquish run night but you have
it so you should play it
let Metal Gear omen ago rising Miller
your rising okay okay oh I'm sure I'll
get around to trying up one of these
days I had too many games not enough
time the ever problem of too many game
good problem to have right now no says
you know what game isn't afraid to
number it series rich guess take a guess
final fantasy you stinky dick liquors
just kidding still friends no no we're
not stinky dick licker you called me a
stinky dick licker that's that doesn't
even sound like a real insult it's hard
to play new games when they spend two
hours on a broken level or bitching
about that more bitching about that Oh
about uh about mr. president
yeah that's what happens Natomas says so
what happened with the Milwaukee Bucks
threatening to leave without a new
stadium that got them a spot on John
Oliver I have no idea what happened that
Milwaukee barely knows there's a
basketball team I swear to God you could
say how about the Milwaukee Bucks or
just how about the Bucks to just a
random person on the street and they
look at you funny like what what what
bucks what is it is it possible there
are more Bulls fans I'm terrible I'm
serious III don't think I I think
basketball is so off our radar
that ya know there's there's just more
anything anything other fans because
people people you know like us our age
yeah
yeah I didn't I didn't grow up up here
but I imagine you know Michael Jordan
had a pretty far reach and I imagine
them them nineties Bulls were pretty
popular up here that'd be my guess
oh well you know they were popular
everyone yes so the the question is
modern-day Bulls fans
I just don't think basketballs that of
that big a deal up here well I'm already
we might have more people who go to our
Milwaukee Wave games which is our minor
indoor soccer league but I didn't
explain this when we started talking
about it for everyone in the chat who
doesn't know because there are probably
a lot of you but Milwaukee Bucks are a
Milwaukee basketball team they play in
the NBA yes they're real they're real
team in the NBA
they're a real team in the NBA and we
never win and no one likes them and yet
somehow they want to raise our taxes to
get them a brand new stadium when nobody
cares or thinks about the box
nobody cares the things about the box
yet I think it's a really good idea
dumbasses some raise our taxes to give
them a new stadium because if they got a
new stadium that a reinvigoration up
they'll be gone in my lifetime from the
city at least oh yeah
easily
prereq confirmed for Republicans
confirmed absolutely absolutely
what did we say raise taxes oh and you
should know by now Republicans don't
care about raising taxes anymore it's
like I don't I don't remember you know
sports teams being such a huge divisive
political issue amongst party lines you
know know what's new to me it's it's one
of those things where you know we have
Republicans usually our hard line
against taxes yet our Republican
governor is the one pushing for the new
stadium for new for the knit for the
text is to cover the new stadium
god damn walker shit I'm not doing
goodness run
me my friend to eat more heed to them
friend eat to them were me friend okay
go get him the Republican comment was
definitely a joke I've said time and
time again I don't I don't care if
something's a joke or trolling or not if
it's amusing I'm gonna run with it
absolutely
oh shit so yeah the bucks
no one cares about the box people
sometimes care about the Brewers because
I think sometimes the Booya well they
they cared a lot when Ryan Braun was
cheating cuz you know the team looked
good because Ryan Braun was cheating
was he yeah steroids oh really
well cheated sometimes when I caught him
to calm twice oh yeah yeah he still
playing oh yeah really yeah you can do
that first time they caught him I think
he tried to I think he tried to get some
guy fired it like a laboratory oh wait
what I remember it was successful it was
like the Ryan Braun the steroid thing
the one where he's like no it's herpes
medication for my herpes could have been
any kind of crazy thing like that I
don't remember specifically I think I
remember hearing something along the
lines of like like he didn't like the
results were skewed because he he was
unclear about like his sexual
promiscuity and it's actually for herpes
medication which you know could have
just been his spin like no I fuck a lot
I'm not on steroids I just have sex a
lot that's me Ryan Braun II has sexy
alladhi chap donator I know you said not
to read this and I'm not going to read
this but I think I think we've just had
enough of the politics I'm going to
avoid talking about a hardcore for a
while like with the election looming and
it being such a big deal yeah this
election it was hard to avoid I just had
to run with it but I'll just ease off on
just diving into that for a while
I did not hear about the new elite
dangerous update what do they put in yes
and now back to 9/11
yeah I think I'll break going it's fine
dealio elite dangerous what's the lead
dangerous again that's the space flight
sim thing that you were bored by oh yeah
and I kind of enjoyed I'm bored by a lot
though you hear about the the Carrie
Fisher news the Carrie Fisher news star
war zone Carrie Fisher I have not heard
the Carrie Fisher news I guess this is
from like a new book she's coming out
with where she admits to having an
affair with Harrison Ford when she was
just 19 they were filming Star Wars okay
married with two kids in 33 at the time
yeah who should that you know they were
getting it on Jack I don't doubt it
you know the Star Wars Carrie Fisher
ain't nothing to ain't nothing to blink
at but you know did she okay that with
Harrison Ford no she was 19 right is
borderline creepy I mean they're both
consenting adults but oh it's still
borderline she's still she's still a
homewrecker he's still you know cheating
dog right whatever right
right absolutely
that's ah holy shit she's only 60 that's
what a lifetime of coke will get yet
you know but also if she's kept it for
this long like what's going on in carrie
fisher's brain like is she just so or
I'm old now I don't know I'm old now and
it's been long enough I don't know or
this will sell books yeah this will sell
a lot of books yeah yeah
this will sell a lot of books yeah and I
think like that's that to me is a little
like cringy calling her a cheating dog
is misogynistic rich I called there was
some for to cheating dog she wasn't I
called her a homewrecker get your facts
straight motherfucker Carrie Fisher
wasn't married and when she didn't she
didn't cheat on anyone
assuming that rich called Carrie Fisher
a cheating dog means that your
misogynistic boom guess what you just
got double misogyny
oh no yep you just got it wait what
happened with Carrie Fisher she was
fucking Harrison Ford during Star Trek
Star Wars it's in her new book I guess
it's something to talk about it's not
politics yet it's still disgusting and
its own well well looking at him now
yeah oh no one wants to picture the
elderly having sex all right it's a
filthy affair they had jack oh I don't
give a fuck about that I don't give no
fucks
she can read and write she's written a
number of books she was vaguely famous
as an author for a while okay and Carrie
Fisher was actually a fairly well-known
script doctor oh really
I don't know she doctored scripts she as
she she punches up scripts like if
someone has an alright script but like
it's not in the correct format or like
it's missing key scenes like Carrie
Fisher is one of the go-to like I will
fix your script so it's shootable
right I know I know they made a movie on
one of her books oh yeah yeah I forgot
one Myrtle's I think Meryl Streep was
starting him starting it was a while ago
some something from the ED postcards
from the edge I think yeah care
efficient she does that right she's one
of them are writing the boobs
mmm
did I have anything else I'm Carrie
Fisher no no no the answer is what have
you heard what you thought of it
oh yeah wondered if you had an opinion
there's something to talk about Jack no
I think that's great rich that's that's
the important thing
got a fill dad what dad got a fill I've
got a field got a fill I have I've just
can't have strong feelings I'm Carrie
Fisher fucking Harrison Ford I'm just
not surprised it's just another thing
Mark Hamill got tonight didn't get
Harrison farms Fame was he married at
the Titanic Mark Hamill cares he's had a
decent life former Campbell oh yeah
he's had a successful career and voice
acting he's a nerd who went on the Stars
Luke Skywalker and like the ultimate
nerd thing Mark Hamill's lived a blessed
life Jack absolutely absolutely
absolutely he even gets the second shot
at it still relevant he's he's the Joker
he is the goddamn Joker and that's fine
Mark Hamill didn't get to sleep with
Harrison Ford's ex
Horatio was felt Lana why would he come
in quality come and I approve right
except for the bike accident yeah except
for the car accident Mark Hamill's let
it charmed life why did he get married
anyway was he married at the time named
film Star Wars I have no idea I couldn't
tell you if he's married right now he's
been a few people in Hollywood who's
been married to like one person oh yeah
more than a decade oh well there you go
there you go trust rich Evans on this
one
Wow No
I just don't know what's going on
nope who did PJs oh I got PJs rich got
paired got the in PJs 78 unmarked Hamels
marriage okay it has a long damn time
he's been married since 78 yeah Wow
who hasn't Harrison Ford slept with
really I can I can safely roll myself
out
you know I'm sure he's had plenty of
partners Harrison Ford is he's still
with Kalista now right
I don't think so she left a while ago
busy with now his nurse isn't sorry I
took me a while to register her he's
with his nurse
Neko co-op says Miko Cola hey Jack and
rich hi I haven't tipped in a while
so I wanted to say hi hello are you guys
fans of aardman studios there's a new
doc on Netflix celebrating their 40
years of British stop-motion goodness
are they the Wallace & Gromit guys if
they are then yes they've been around
for 40 years if they're doing dramas go
ah anywhere around that long like I've
seen 25 or sure so but 40 right good for
them
I know the phone of the Wallace and
Gromit shorts hey ever see a Shaun the
Sheep ones and I really care much for
Shaun the Sheep
as you know as someone with children
those are great because they're actually
watchable and it's see they're a rad
movie either their rep movie with mice
or something that chicken run run right
yeah I don't know the rat one the wrong
trousers is great yes agreed Burns had
since iron said what do you think about
the flash film losing another director
what do you think we'll follow the DC
Cinematic Universe hopefully nothing ah
I don't care at all about the flash
movie losing another director I didn't
know it lost one yep
Jesus fuck you got a like I'm Caravan
Jack yeah oh yeah I got a lot I got a
lot of helpers this time the only
problem is sometimes it's hard to see
the enemy you know it's just one of
those things where if it was if it was
Marvel if you compare this to when when
ant-man Lost's Edgar Wright mm-hm
you just kind of go well Marvel is
consistently putting out quality
products and then making hits so they
kind of get to make that call but for DC
it's like they keep putting out crap
movie
what Marvel you kind of understand well
it's it's it's it's not in the style
they're going for I have their own they
have their own voice and maybe Edgar
Wright's voice is too different yes from
everything else they've done yeah that's
what you assume you can't say that for
DC unless well it's not gonna be a dark
mess the director came in and goes okay
I have I have this crazy idea for the
flash movie
the flash is kind of a fun character
right so I don't want to make it a dark
mess and I just go so now you're out
here that's not what the DC Universe is
okay DC universe is a dark incoherent
mess and unless you're willing to add to
that dark mess you can't you can't be a
part of it we want the DC Universe to be
as inhospitable as possible yes DC is
director driven they drive their
directors away this is tornado
heyyo
Kirk Lyndon says hey guys hi I know you
guys did a prereq about titanfall but
would you consider playing the titanfall
2 this time it has a quality
single-player campaign that is up there
with the new doom I have heard good
really good things about it maybe
someday the only thing I can give you
for that I'd be willing to stream it
suddenly a game maybe I don't want to
fuck around with origin oh that's a fuck
around with origin yeah maybe not maybe
just turned into a maybe not
but yeah I keep hearing consistently
good things about titanfall to both the
multiplayer and the campaign so Greg
O'Brien says hey guys hey how do I
convince my fiancee that we should get a
dog don't it's not really practical for
us at the moment but practically gets
old
don't you think love you guys and keep
up the great work
now with your fiancee don't get a dog
yeah the dogs dogs are constant work
their daily work times our family member
yeah and if you're like living in a
small apartment and you can't get a big
time and there's a lot of things to
think about what are you living oh yeah
no and it's just like are you prepared
to just like give up you know traveling
going places doing shit because you
gotta go home and take care of the dog
staying out late somewhere are you
prepared to have a child who is going to
die when he's 12 a child that will never
ever grow up well he's he's you know
he's only gonna make it to 12 there's
not gonna be time for growing up oh no
what what I mean is like like eventually
a kid goes to the bathroom by himself
you know like my kids I don't know I
don't know like change a diaper anymore
yeah a dog always speaking which is dog
food oh it was that for timing perfect a
dog you constant you have to do shit
with a dog constantly like a cat you put
some food in its dish and you and you
scoop its litter box and it's good for
like a day or two it doesn't care about
you at all though no the cat doesn't
care about you know i i'm i'm anti pet
in general i'm anti pet cats like you
know you don't want to worry about it
too much
really easy yeah dog needs attention dog
needs loves constantly don't need you
yeah dog needs you constantly to do shit
no no dog dogs dogs are great but like
you got to be in a good place to do dogs
I've had dogs growing up I love dogs I
love like seeing other people's dogs and
petting those dogs but you don't need
them you don't need them in your life
especially if you're like like oh we're
not we're not in a good place right now
like fuck man a dog's not gonna help
what's it talking to do be a dickhead
yeah I said I'd have a cat as a pet
specifically because a cat is less
responsibility yeah a dog will see no
difference between you and family you
know you're effectively in the dog's
mind it's parents Catelyn give shit in
in that sense I would have a cat as a
pet
yeah we get a bunch of and now we're
gonna get a bunch of hate cuz i'm anti
dog unfair jackson here's a tip to keep
not talking about politics we'd really
appreciate good we hear you
nada says so which nickname will stick
shit given cheeto messiah white cosby
what the fuck are they talking about
Trump hmm
I don't want to talk about that what I
don't know yeah I heard this shit keV
and I thought they were talking about
Isaac cuz all the ships in the game well
I'm not in mood politics we've had a
non-stop for weeks straight and I think
every one of the chat is sick of it so I
am laying off for now great let's do
that
yeah but the Greg says speaking of dark
mess have you seen the trailer for the
r-rated Justice League dark oh god I
have also Santana and John Constantine
are playable characters and DC Universe
Online the ps4 it's a free you fucks
there we go
I have seen it and much like much like
what was the other one what was the
other one Killing Joke the animation
looks dreadful I you know it's a dark
Justice League is like John Constantine
and Swamp Thing team up with Batman and
Wonder Woman to fight demons and shit
mhm
which is like a fun pregnant premise but
the animation looks like garbage all
over again
Tarrance ad says have you seen Conan's
clueless gamer review of final fantasy
15 it's fucking great it's fucking rich
will love it it's fucking great I love
it you will love it what Conan O'Brien
he's gonna get his toy taken away from
him which is great we mean his toy taken
away from him well you know the whole
the whole premise for the clueless gamer
thing yeah is he doesn't know anything
about video games right and you know and
he's very up fuck
he's very upfront with with gaming
companies yeah like I don't know how to
play games and no I don't know it's good
publicity yeah and generally like you
find he tries to find some fun in the
game yeah and he does this with Elijah
Wood and he plays Final Fantasy 15 and
just spends the entire time shitting all
over it and I won't spoil it because
there's a fun twist at the end but
everyone should go watch it alright I
know what I'm gonna do yeah we should
take a break
well I've slept you wanna say you know
it's fight time to stand up can you uh
can you exclamation point up time how
long have we been going exclamation
point up time what is this an
exclamation point up time yeah I'm
working I'm working on it anything
and then well now oh my god we've been
going for an early 40 minutes yeah we're
let's take a little break let's take a
little stand-up break do we have doing
good Rumi we're gonna be up for a minute
or two anyway yeah we're gonna take a
little break hold on it says we'll be
back do the other thing okay
hey guys we'll be right back in a moment
if you can see by our animation I am
gonna run an advertisement so please
check and please tracking we're sellouts
jack
fucking sellout never we we always
forget to run advertisements and I'm
gonna run an advertisement i won let me
go back to OBS and mute ourselves we'll
be back

[Part II]
now they hear us now they hear us now
they hear us so they hear us hear us
that's amazing but they don't
all right I know there's no sound we
both knew it was it was a bit we did it
was a bit we did a joke bit we did a
joke bit about you guys not being able
to hear us but now you can welcome
how's everyone doing still doing I had
we weren't gone that long well we you
know we were gone approximately eight
minutes I I watched clueless gamer with
Conan O'Brien Final Fantasy 15 I don't
think it's got anything um I'm first
four hours a bunch tournament what no it
was great
it's great it was very entertaining it
was very entertaining oh and by the way
if for anyone you know a bunch of people
say that they didn't see an ad or
anything if you are subscribed to us you
don't see ads on the channel and if you
are a twitch turbo member you don't see
ads which you probably know but yeah if
you are subscribed to us or if you
subscribe to us for using twitch prime
then you won't see ads so what what's
the Oh like twitch is desperate to get
people to actually run ads so yeah the
reason we ran an ad is I got a I got an
email from twitch
I'm transparent Jack I'm just I'm a
transparent no and that's fine that's
fine there's no reason no reason to hide
it I got an email from twitch that said
any any partner streamer who runs ads
during their stream midstream ads gets a
boosted ad revenue from now until the
end of the year probably because yes
they are desperate for forever we
doesn't need it we don't need it Jack
we're doing fine oh you know what I know
we don't need it and we have gone this
long like we never ever run ads my
thought is it might make twitch happy
with us because that's how twitch gets
money which kids which has been good to
us yes
and so if twitch goes oh hey those those
previously record guys they are they
a little advertising that's sure nice
we're gonna put them on our radar you
know I don't worry about being on their
radar just helps them to dad exactly so
let's uh
yes charity charity by taking charity by
takes sure charity by way of running
horrible advertisements who knows what
the ad was for who saw an ad for one who
had an ad for Final Fantasy 15 did we
get the option to enable cheers yet we
have not done that if you would like it
let us know I haven't seen a huge surge
in people who want it so I have yet to
do it if you want cheers let me know and
I will enable them if they're not now
just because it's it's an extra thing
it's an extra thing in the chat and so
I'm only going to enable them if I know
people want them mm-hmm so it's it's
another thing in the chat it'll be
another thing that'll end up being like
an overlay on screen I'm sure so that's
why I have opted out of them for now but
if it's something that you guys really
want then let me know and if enough
people say it will add it because that's
what we're here for
we listen we listen we understood we
were here
twitch takes a huge part of the cheer
money yes yes they do
in fact that fuck then talk about
helping twitch no I don't miss Emma coz
I'm a goddamn hypocrite jack that's what
I am which does take a big cut of the of
the cheer money but they have a little
bit of my money
Kenneth Arvid can have a large
percentage I'm a jig
I don't give blood that was a lie I take
it you take that used to go into the
head back at blood bank at night and I
just feel bags of blood just in case I
needed blood for something feeling a
quart low-- gonna get all that our blood
you take all the old positive how much
you got in your cooler right now well it
goes bad just you gotta keep taking it
occasionally it's all about proper blood
storage right I've told you this a
thousand times just just a case of a car
accident you know maybe lovely
I
but ah what so uh sorry chances very
chances neato
what breed dogs have you two had slash
sort of had back in the day I love mo
Rottweiler Rottweiler sir Rottweiler
best dogs are months I know that much
hey I know Karen's family has had many
dogs over the year years they had a nice
one that was uh some kind of border
collie mix uh-huh
they got a very sweet dog right now he's
large I don't I don't know what the hell
he is though because I don't I don't
know these things mutts and there are
months so they're all just everything
and growing up my family had German
shepherds
yeah all German shepherds a metric
fuckton of German Shepherds chefs ink
orgy lap dogs are the worst I don't know
about Corgi specifically but I've I've
never met a small dog well no that's not
sure I've met a couple small dogs I
liked Mike Mike's Mike's dog way back in
the high school days yeah sweetheart I
am I'm nervous that was a small dog but
I'm not a fan of small dogs my uh I know
a couple people who have Bernese
Mountain Dogs have you ever seen those
things they're like giant and super
fluffy and very docile and take
direction well core G chord whatever or
G Corgi yeah whatever I don't give a sh
ed
not everyone's jumping on that one god
Wow so anyway back to religion which
mispronounced a word riot people get
people get very up 'ti about their dog
Oh names
okay
I'm Susana myths so guys I just watched
conan playing final fantasy 15 yes at a
few min few minutes to rethink things
holy shit that game looks like butt
cheese I like the old FF games but dear
Lord that looks awful run away it looks
terrible
I figured it would look terrible and
makes me 11 Conan O'Brien that I not
that I hated him before you know but
that was a good bid there's a quality
bit quality bit my my favorite my
favorite part is he still does like the
whole coming out next month finally you
know like he still he still does the
advertisement for it which is all class
fucking you don't grade I think no I'm
not I'm not doing great
I am not doing great rich but that's ok
so that's ok
you're looking at your notes we're gonna
look at my things to talk about notebook
did yeah I think we already talked about
the ghost of Michelle trailer and we
already talking about Shaq's rocket
League team mm-hmm I came across
recently a new artist that I've been
listening to musically and I wrote it
down because it's a Spanish name okay
Natalia Natalia la for Chava okay
Natalija law for chedda I heard this
coming home from a stream late one night
on the radio and it is like a girly pop
acoustic indie girly pop uh-huh but it's
Spanish she sings in Spanish okay
and so I have no idea of what the fuck
she's saying but it's so dangerous I
think about boys in love or something
I'm sure it's something it's very pretty
I just don't know what she's saying okay
and I really enjoy it Natalija law for
cheddar
I am sure I'm not pronouncing that
correctly because I am you know not
spanish-speaking natively so Natalia law
for Java and really enjoying that album
okay a lot of times people ask us you
know what music we listen to or what
music we like and you got a response I
got a response not the Leola for Jabba
the fuck is that I doing
oh that's my I yeah and it's just kind
of roams around and does what it just
bounces around the room and then hurts
enemies if it happens to come across
them I guess it's a nice extra yeah yeah
it's it's it's not the best upgrade yeah
but it'll do it'll do like if I can get
some some more range on my tears now I
might have a I might have a decent run
there's some pretty powerful tears at
the moment but you need that range yeah
the the powerup gives me like giant ears
and they pass through objects but it
lowers the range
so we need a little me a little bit more
evil Lord David says hey rich evil Lord
David David here I agree with you about
mutts being the best dogs I had a month
when I was young he was dumb as a post
and eight rocks in the backyard everyone
hated him but me a dog that eats rocks
the best dogs are smart you know there's
a dumb love ability though to some dogs
yeah well they're all dumb in some
degree I mean relatively speaking
compared to eyes they're dumb right no
matter how smart the dog is sure I'm
with you uh yeah and you know I'm just
I'm a big fan of my of the German
Shepherds obviously that's just what I
grew up with any width so mmm big strong
dog biggest Adana
we had a Great Dane at one point that
was interesting yeah just cuz it was
giant yeah that's a scooby-doo dog
scooby-doo dog yeah and you know so that
was that was neat we had to put it down
though because it uh a neighbour's dog
came into our yard and yeah attacked our
dogs and of course like it was like a
little shit dog yeah our dog won yeah
but like it came into our yard and we
had to put our dog down right yeah
that's the whole thing that can't be
right yeah it was at the time I mean I
don't know I was a kid you know that
can't be right that's awful yeah the
story as I remember it for me as a kid
of course yeah dirty touch turdy touch
I'm not liking these power-ups I might
restart you can't restart oh you know
we'll see we'll see what power up I get
from the boss turdy touch what sturdy
touch if an enemy touches me they get
poisoned but you know I also take damage
yeah that's dumb it's like yeah
you know I heard that if you breed a
says epic Jason X 9,000 ago I heard that
if you breed a bulldog with a shih tzu
you get a bullshit I like that that gets
a thumbs up good yeah thumbs up that's
clever
that's clever that's a that's a dumb and
dumber yeah don't you like Dumb and
Dumber do you like that doing
I do like that I defend Devin Devin I
think it's I think it's still funny shit
funny movie range see how far Dumb and
Dumber is a fine movie fine fine movie I
have not seen Dumb and Dumber ever never
because it's seeing really dumb it's I'm
not the biggest Jim Carrey fan really
yeah he annoys me he's a national
treasure he annoys the fuck out of me oh
I shall treasure Oh apparently it turns
him into poop if they hit me that's
interesting no he's not a National
Treasury national treasure he's he's
annoying national treasure
Robin Williams was a national treasure a
greater national treasure can't they
both be national treasure he's Canadian
well he's Canada's national treasure
there you go he's a Canadian national
treasure rich he's Canadian isn't dumb
and Dumberer just all Jim Carrey doing
annoying things kind of like Ace Ventura
uh-oh it's also Jeff Daniels no it's you
know what there's bits there's quality
bits in Dumb and Dumber well that's at
least 50% Jim Carrey doing obnoxious
things that I don't care
they're obnoxiously funny
I think they are at least I think they
are but my taste in comedy is very
different from yours Jack's favorite
American Canadian American Jack's
favorite American comedian is John
Cleese I get it he's a word to you our
mother word to your mother I get it
listen Jim Carrey Jim Carrey left Canada
a long time ago he's he's as Canadian as
bacon Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
restrict brass key is there any rhyme or
reason to why some words in rlm are
bleeped and others are not sometimes the
bleep is funnier
that's it that's all that's the mystery
imagine Jerry Springer without the
bleeps you got nothing you got nothing
bleeps make it hysterical yep bleeps
making a joke like they're putting this
on TV hmm
under some circumstances the bleep makes
more comedy yep and that's just it
or sometimes we just say something so
awful that it has to be believed just
for our protection
anonymous says rich I'd like to ask you
a question
pass it away Truman Show was good a
Riddler was best part of Batman Forever
question mark I never saw eternal
sunshine of a blah blah but it was good
I heard question and man on the moon
you lose man in the moon was horrible
because of Jim Carrey The Truman Show
Jim Carrey is the worst parts of on
concept Shiba Carrie ruins it Riddler
was the worst part of Batman Forever yes
that I can agree on
do you see there's the answer to all of
your quarte to Batman Forever was
what's-his-face the director Schumacher
she was Joel Schumacher was the worst
part of Batman Forever Jim Carrey was
the second worst part is I would say Joe
Kerr was the worst part of Batman
Forever I think Jimmy Joe I think is
good at it your concept I don't want you
Kelly though
did you see the spine you see that
pretty good this big is figured swung
pretty good movies swatted Emma Michel
Gondry Michel Gondry crazy French artist
making it our French already movie I see
to be the it's a sci-fi movie Eternal
Sunshine of the spotless mind get out of
town get out of town get out of Elijah
Woods in it and Mark Ruffalo I don't
know if I mean obviously like yeah
doesn't really matter cuz it was a while
ago
I just think it's funny man on the moon
yeah you know you know all you got why
man why why but such an interesting
figure made unlikable because Jim Carrey
oh just kind of a cheesy movie but I
wouldn't say unlikable get out of town
cable guy was pretty alright that's a
weird movie yeah but this one were like
the character is like supposed to be
obnoxious
uh-huh that's the whole point is he
annoys people uh-huh
it works for the Cable Guy I think
you're being hard on Jim Carrey I'll be
honest with you surely I liked a spin
shirt yeah the buck thing was funny when
I was like eight uh-huh
it was great a little bit older than
eight when did that come out early 90s
it was that late eighties early nineties
you're probably older than a little bit
older wasn't totally mature though you
were immature enough yep it's a like Ace
Ventura
oh yeah I can still I can still get some
love for Ace Ventura tell you what and
the mask of the mask is hurt by the fact
that I was kind of fond of the comic
when I like dark humor and the comic
gets based on is very dark not the movie
so I felt like the mask kind of ruined
the whole concept of the mask you know
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna defend the
mask I haven't seen the mask in forever
I think I don't I get it Jim kid the
whole Jim Carrey thing I just get it
what the fuck who actually read the
comic I did a jerk ass before the movie
was a thing which is the only one
hardcore the mask fan number one mask
fan right here it's good dark bloody
gory humor like the mask for the comic
very gory okay huh very gory it'd be
very interesting he would do the loony
toon stuff but when his head like got
hit with a melon I wouldn't flatten they
wouldn't like you know explode you know
he'd still be okay in the next petal
right but I was definitely bloody oh
that's great that's great
boy
blah son of a bitch son of a bitch
you just barf and some blood on me no no
biggie no biggie
yeah
what about kick-ass using kick-ass too
right I haven't seen that so I have also
not seen kick-ass - I remember you know
like being okay with kick-ass one I
don't know why I never saw kick-ass -
mmhmm because like kick-ass one was
alright you have a thing with the mask
and the comical chat was that the longer
you wore the mask on the more the more
of your mind you would basically lose
the crazier you would get and you could
you could end up accidentally killing
people you liked uh-huh with your antics
with your cartoony antics there's kind
of a whole comic sounds like this yeah
it was a weird thing to make into a
children's movie no I did very weird
thing to make into a children's movie
well what they did you know like I I
laugh because like it's it's so it's so
clearly is a children's movie yeah but
you have to wonder like who saw who saw
that bloody mess you could say the same
thing about the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles oh sure
well but still kind of juvenile the
original Turtles anybody they could be
pretty gory they would hack people up
with this orbs they didn't just like
knock people out that's it's still even
with the the new turtle series it just
constantly bothers me he wasn't intended
to be a reoccurring villain the shredder
gets impaled thrown off a building and
explodes at the end of the first issue
of the Turtles is it true yeah yeah
that's very true they brought him back
through through mystical shenanigans
sure Oh mystical shenanigans
sweet sweet mystical shenanigans an area
for you yet you know it just always
always bothers me whenever Leonardo uses
his swords on an enemy and doesn't cut
them yeah yeah always yeah it's just
it's just a dumbest thing like he fights
human ninjas with his swords no damage I
understand that they can't because it's
a kids cartoon but still it's bothersome
hey
filmmaker freaks has actual question why
is this called previously recorded if
this is a live stream congratulations
you get the joke what what's the name of
the stream channel
yeah but name of the stream channel
isn't previously recorded take a look
it's right above rich and I way at the
top there what's the name of the stream
channel yeah previously recorded live
which is kind of the it's a bad joke
because nobody gets him that's on us a
fantastic joke one of the reasons that's
not made it and I originally wanted to
call live previously recorded and then
the stream would be live previously
recorded live
I forget which came first but I remember
the met one of the main drivers behind
us calling the show previously recorded
was thinking that we could call the
stream previously recorded live I
remember didn't I originally want to
call it gamers you absolutely did and it
was thoroughly and just without having
to think too hard about it at all
gamer's shit I forget exactly like how
many names we went through button and in
naming the show previously we went
through a lot oh yeah okay it's tough it
steps to think about what do you want to
name the show that you know like and you
know we've only done video games so far
mm-hmm but you know we got the stream as
well yeah it's like we didn't want to be
pigeonhole held in to thank the board
games right right so you know we did we
did want to call like VG reviews and you
or whatever okay dad restart that's fine
god damn right it is God you get you
gosh darn right it is rich that's just
what's gonna happen that's how the Isaac
is played I wasn't super thrilled with
that power set anyway I have a lot of
stuff that's not unlocked though
sorry Chen says arrogant so mutts my dad
used to have a German Shepherd
he refused to do tricks but was very
loyal if you are able would you have a
wild animal or hybrid pet I know the
savannah cats are an example the
savannah cats you know any so any sort
of like wild dog I would be really
freaked out about just because there's
too much - too much of wild in there I
don't know about that I don't know into
that I would be right once the wolf's
got a taste of blood in them you know
I'll have failed Dhoni cricket prick
bastard says there should be an account
there should be an account tear for
YouTube we're all third-party claims
have to be sent by snail mail what would
it take to make this happen
account tier and third-party claims do
you mean like copyright copyright claims
yeah so it's like if you are a like a if
you are like a gold platinum t remember
YouTube creator you get I'd be annoying
if you have a legit claim yeah if your
claim was legit and you got to do the
snail mail thing to get your content but
like taking off of somebody else's
channel but there'd be like an extreme
vetting process you know for a for
example like some of someone who gets
like erroneous strikes in them all the
time and has had no strikes against them
you know something like I I don't
believe this is on their YouTube channel
I think this is on their website yeah
but this was a this was a group large
enough that they have a certified
YouTube channel okay and I'm sure they
do have a YouTube channel under pretty
big okay they flat-out stole one of our
videos once and we were getting no ad
revenue from that terrible we had to
argue with them to get it taken down
terrible I'm not I'm not naming names
but this is like this is like a big name
these people have no reason to steal
content which made it doubly annoying oh
sure don't necessarily know what just
happened there but I like it
that's that's the problem is there are
some instances where copyright claims
are legitimate and there are some
instances when they are not and really
like it doesn't need to be a snail mail
thing with YouTube it and YouTube just
needs a better just needs a better way
to sort through it mmm
but YouTube is not a moneymaker YouTube
is unprofitable it's also completely
ubiquitous it's one of the bests players
out there and they get you know millions
and billions of views every single day
yet it is not profitable it costs so
much to house all of those videos that
they're not they're not earning anything
from it mm-hmm and I keep on looking for
ways to earn stuff from it and that
means you know partnering up with movie
studios to premiere shit and whatnot and
that's why they take their side in
copyright claims and you know movies
allowing them to then didn't you just
say that you took too many damn pills
Joe no I always do I always take too
many damn pills okay I'm trying to try
to stop you
nope nope you can't you can't stop me I
love taking pills I'm a pill head the
usually the the benefit outweighs the
the costs always sometimes sometimes it
bites me this time it kind of did
so what does the puberty thing do I just
gives me hair it does do anyway Oh
doesn't do anything yeah that just like
makes me look weird so just a joke
yeah so that one's not terrible but like
there's lots of good that pills can do
so I generally take pills lots and lots
of pills
think
oink-oink motherfucking Yoink oh oh
those type of bricks have something in
them yeah there's like the blue ones
with the X on them think up they uh they
have goodies in get treats worthless
and what to find a safe space is there
one
I stay over here why don't you start at
the one there's no stopping marriage you
should have done the very top one over
so didn't take time to get over and then
as the started you start moving up you
could about okay you could about okay
but you didn't wanna listen to me take
nope
it's tough to do rich stuff to do not
Emma says and Alice you say YouTube is
unprofitable as an AI designer I can
tell you that a dataset that large is
worth its weight in gold and it keeps
getting bigger
did you say that YouTube was improved
that YouTube is unprofitable okay there
was no profit in it it wouldn't exist my
understanding it's got some value is
that the co no it has value but as as
far as what I've read the cost to
maintain the YouTube is greater than the
cost they bring in through ad revenue
okay
of course Google's got their fingers in
a lot of different pies but that is that
is what I have read I don't have any
more keys it doesn't matter I don't have
any more keys
oink
so yeah like they can sell people's
information they can use YouTube as a
way to promote their other prod products
but I do believe that they make or they
spend more money to maintain YouTube
than they do in ad revenue okay
is what I believe could be wrong but I
don't think I am so they're so they're
motherfucker
and you know they might use they might
use that technology like for algorithms
for other shit button who knows
so is that a bomb embedded in that rock
yes so if you if you bomb that rock you
get a bomb no you don't get a bomb it uh
it just blows up extra ow
which also means that there are certain
items that like where you can like walk
through rocks and destroy rocks huh and
then you'll blow up okay you will blow
up yes so it's a bad thing
yes yeah yeah we can deal with that
oh look at this Russian roulette with
the hearts why not Dark Matter oh that's
a lame one let's try alone and lame look
so you lost almost all your health for
nothing you know yeah but I I'm not
super happy with this power set anyway I
said you should have just gotten two of
them then what the two one sure that
probably would have been probably would
have a minute we'll see what we can do
with this
Jack knowing you are a fan of roguelike
games yes and divita yes
have you checked out siren the wonder at
all yes what is shy run the wanderer
it's an old-school dungeon-crawling
roguelike part of it's part of a series
of games the Shiring series i played a
little bit of it and not sure it's my
cup of tea as its it's very it's a
little more RPG e than I'm comfortable
with mm-hmm yeah I just have not
terribly gotten into it
but yes I bought it just for that reason
hey if you're into rogue likes on the
Vita Shiren the wanderer I have it I
have maybe like an hour worth of
playtime into it and it's not it's not
striking my fancy so you're slowing
people down but you don't got much power
is that how that works
what oh the one they turned purple yeah
it's a fear shot so they're afraid of me
so they run away and more importantly
they don't shoot I shoot at me yeah yeah
it seems pretty decent yeah yeah it's a
it's not a bad thanks not a bad one
again
Cerie Chen says regarding the slow
forming anime drawing Photoshop is being
a dingus uh-huh but Totoro rich is
adorable as hell I still don't know what
to make Jack them riches Totoro is that
the big cat that's the big cat how do I
know it was gonna be them the minute
studio whatever
jiggly giggling Ghibli Ghibli was
brought up honey I was gonna be Totoro
cuz you're smart smart rich so what are
you gonna be Jack I'm gonna make a thing
I'm trying to think of someone from
Totoro one punch man would look too much
like one punch man right and that's not
a Ghibli does it have read Ghibli
yeah I think she said she was gonna do a
Ghibli mm-hmm
you can draw me as the as the furnace
man from from spirited away old bald man
with glasses with many arms
someone from Totoro just put me in a
dress I'll be a little uh said Sookie I
forget it I forget their names it's been
a while it can be anything it could be
anything yeah any any freaking anime
check any freaky anime not any maybe not
even Emily's you just said anything so I
don't know hey whatever you watch it
I'm no good now I'm no good so he wants
to be no good if I want to be no good
what is no good
what anime is that from oh that's from
episode 5 of berserk overlords no good
the a great jack oh yeah well good I got
more keys that's nice so that's nice
and at the worst not the worst shit
great the arrange went down but seems
like you're still shooting pretty far I
think I had a thing earlier that I love
it here Ange that put my range up so
I'll putting it down did not do so think
of doing alright and I got this mask on
me and this mask says that sometimes
when I get hurt I'll drop a blue heart
okay which is very helpful here we go
here we go have I ever tasted any wild
game meats I actually have not though I
did work with a butcher who on the side
would process venison
you've never even eaten venison no that
is a Wisconsin state I suppose you did
not spend the you did not grow up in
Wisconsin sorry I I keep forgetting that
you grew up somewhere else
suburbs suburbs of a major city right
here in Wisconsin it is it is very
common for us to eat venison which for
those who don't know is deer meat the
meats of Bambi mmm
Bambi
and you know pretty tasty venison jerky
is my real favorite because then then
it's like a little Tang in you jerk I
don't know why that's funny it shouldn't
be well tell you got a giggle out of me
all right and I thought you know what
rich I'll take it I'll take a goddamn it
yes I worked with a butcher I worked at
a grocery store they work today no no
technically at the grocery store their
meat cutters but he processed venison he
was an actual butcher technically there
was a difference between a meat cutter
and a butcher absolutely
if you're curious and I don't know why
you would be they all Irish a meat
cutter just takes like a most made
partly processed animal and cuts it into
cuts chunks into smaller chunks right
big chunk of meat cuts it into small a
butcher can cut up the whole animal from
scratch
I don't remember his last name you're
the butcher yeah Danny you know I can't
remember his last name oh he was great
though it was great Oh No gosh darn it
there's one thing I was at work I'm just
wrapping up the packages and he was
cutting to me yeah and you know you're
working it out you know you know we're
gonna big corners you know they gotta
keep the beat cold yeah and store
manager walks in one day and I don't
know what he came in there for but his
his opening gambit he was gonna bust
some balls when he walked into the back
room when they're cut and beat and he he
sees his bottle of sauce it's sitting on
the counter
and he says shouldn't that be
refrigerated because he's gonna bust
some balls and Danny looks at him like
he's the dumbest motherfucker in the
world he looks around the room he says
what do you think this is I don't know
what the fuck the store manager actually
came in there for but he just he was a
dead silent he's just looking around
there's like a comedy he just backed out
of the room
No and so I don't know what that item
was I didn't want it though I like my
bomb buddy
you know something I forgot off of the
list I've had as I've person who has as
a person who's had many jobs I think the
last room I went through like the lists
of jobs that I hadn't and I forgot some
okay on that list
I forgot most important to this job
right now which is retail clerk at a
used video game and movie store hmm a
fun fun time if you've talked about that
job on stream before oh sure I just I
left it off of the list when we were
talking when we were talking about oh
yeah I'm so that that was those good
times that that's where that's where I
discovered Pokemon I think I should say
his last name anyway I think I
remembered it Oh probably shouldn't am
Sam you know if he's still around he
might have died it yeah it's possible
I'm in a decade or so a little bit maybe
longer
probably this much shit shit rich
getting out of here
dinah steady for says yo jack and red
shoe
I discovered rlm after a job loss landed
a nice job yesterday
and I just wanted to thank you for the
free quality entertainment during a
tough time fuck my - and I do thank you
the dock sound whatever dock sound - oon
docks out I don't know fucking dog breed
names because I don't give a shit I
think I think it's a dachshund it
slobbers and it's got a big nose and it
barks it to dawn the fucking dog
it has all those yes it doesn't have big
nose I don't got a pit bull or something
so if I break it down
dachshund yeah dachshund the the classic
wiener dog the adorable wiener dog
everybody likes a wiener dog
shit motherfucker
I'm gonna die today it's very possible
I'm gonna die did thought rich was
allergic to cats and dogs I'm mostly
just allergic to cats it's assumed to be
a little bit allergic to dogs but cats
will fuck me up
hmm and I don't know once oh yes yes I
am allergic I don't know where you got
the idea that I'm not anymore
but guess I'm still allergic to cats and
dogs mostly mostly just cats horrible
horrible cats
you don't grate Jacko know of so many
mistakes so many mistakes I'm losing it
fucking up rich blow up a skull
sometimes when you blow up a skull you
get a good thing and sometimes it turns
into a monster okay so yeah or you get
nothing
zombi Hendrix's the editor good evening
jack and rich hello random question okay
which superpower would you choose heat
vision or can't abilities or cat
abilities like defined cat abilities you
need to be more specific with that and
are you forced to have like cat ears
like cat nose and claws like what does
that entail cat ability so like in
general what cats have good hearing and
eyes so you can smell bad things extra
good and the end and agility which means
that no point can you ever be closer
than 100 feet to a bathroom and you're
horribly and different to the people who
love you yep it says that's horrible
I can't think but you get added agility
no heat vision because somebody pisses
you off they don't have to know what you
will just I guess that's my card to burn
that's my question with the heat vision
is like do they see the do people see
the beam let's say no I'm gonna say no
then definitely heat vision 100%
heat vision o´clock like you're just
cold
you're just cold right heat up that
blanket if you have enough fine control
you know that would take a lot of fine
control let's heat vision not burn rays
right
I always thought of feet visions you
just stare at something and you imagine
it getting hotter that's always thought
of heat vision yeah but oh and you know
I guess I'm thinking like Superman laser
eyes kind of thing yeah yeah I guess is
heat vision and I think Superman is able
to control it in such a manner where he
can just heat up his coffee yeah
that'd be kind of Awesome just you know
like looking at your coffee and I kind
of want it to be a little warmer I have
a lot of questions regarding the heat
vision but oh I mean the heat vision
100%
cat Power's has nothing good to offer
like when do you when do you need
agility in your everyday life how often
does that come up it also like there's
still an energy cost of agility like I
could be more agile right now if I just
worked out all the time well that's
probably just probably energy cost with
heat vision too though hmm you're not
gonna be immune from that yeah but I can
sit down while I do it
sure and isn't that what's important
and if I can melt shit am i able to melt
shit with my heat vision then heat
vision okay perfect car in front of you
that's just annoying strange rash of
burnings throughout the General
Milwaukee area police have baffled the
scientists can't explain it we talked to
one local resident who seemed to be
really happy though for some reason
weird anonymous says my retirement firm
pushed a big company to boost its share
price to improve my 401k they did so by
laying me off to cut payroll I'm 25
loving that 401k now fuck capitalism
sorry sorry man sometimes that happens
sometimes that happens
I'm sad this isn't Dishonored again
guess I'm waiting for the review or
whatever those are nice comments from
people I'm glad people I'm glad that you
enjoyed our dishonored stream some
sometimes we play the dishonored and
sometimes we're gonna play with a
different game and thanks for thanks for
coming by I appreciate it
I've gotten you know a lot farther in
dishonored like fuck probably gonna die
tons of great jobs if you don't mind
working at McDonald's oh it's true how
do you feel about Walmart how do you
feel about shit jobs
hey what character my playing is in it
Garrett you're playing as Darren yep
yeah cuz we all know you want to be a
girl because I want to be grow I'm going
I'm going on the cuz I was the one on
the throne my throne was taken from me
so I wanted I wanted revenge as Emily
that's my story okay is I want I wanted
to kill and there are certain people
like I murder
probably more people than I should I
watch you murdered everybody jack well
I've told you down the murder you know I
heard like I'm or everyone in the city I
murdered because like those people
betrayed me the Queen princess right
yeah when I got to the next city
I tone down the murder but I still like
I whip out the heart every once in a
while because the heart alike tell you
something and like a lot of times it'll
be like he cheats on his taxes okay for
that yeah yeah but like you'll come
across people who just like like I came
across a conversation between a a guard
and a random person and I was just
listening in on their conversation the
guard pushed the random person off of a
roof
I was like what the fuck I went down
there sliced the guards fucking head off
that's what you get guard Lee spelled
that for me huh you spoiled that for me
oh there's a million things like that
there's a ton of things like that and
that's later you will by the time you
get there you won't even know I'm much
farther in the game than you are okay
okay settle down
hey why don't we take a moment and thank
some people all right subscribe to us so
we're done as be done all right that's
fine great that's fine let's thank
people to subscribe to us like chica moo
moo
chika moo moo says two months too fast
too furious
yeah how about hey it's Walter
big boy 15 the Irish the Irish nerd the
Irish nerd on Twitch the Irish nerd on
Twitch because this is nerd none of them
is Cap'n it looks like don't I know it's
like the Irish oh don't which the Irish
or don't which the Irish nerd don't wish
no the irish doesn't end in there though
the Irish and nerd don't which the Irish
in there don't which the Irish nerdo age
says hey guys been a while since I got
to catch you live hide every one of the
chat seven of Borgnine says lol dick my
birthday boy dr. smoke T no no dr. smoke
trees says two months of shit posting
and PR chat the Juxt vice versa man says
home just in time to catch my favorite
stream I suppose I'll watch you guys to
know top ramens 21 fucking months in a
row
it's up its this top ramens alien o7
nice rosy lady six love furious
slumbrous six love you bris yes they owe
it and got it
wait there's something on the internet
Oh God six love blue yes oh my god I
can't say that at all
six look GRU Lagoo be really goo breeze
lugubrious okay six
lugubrious Ayers says Evans Packard 2020
just this guy you know twenty three
fucking months in a row justice guy you
know says new personal best master Keith
jet lag thirty-five says a year of being
a hack front and 3/4 of a year
subscribing here's to a bit more way mmm
erosion schoo sk's 30 fucking months in
a row Seamus Chris first time I've seen
a big three-o khuskhus says the big
three oh it's all downhill from here
absolutely sailor e7 says two months of
fraudulence autistic rooster atomic
mousetrap says experience tranquility
no mr. shy smile 25 fucking months in a
row mr. shy smile says shrug I don't
know what to say sorry
sausage chasm snuke 7 shop shop hero gin
6 John Durr yonder
who says giggity crocodile brain 25
fucking months in a row 30 was piscis
yep by the way I see in chat there Lucas
Ducas 13 months in a row and Lucas Ducas
says you've been in my life so long I
don't remember anything else
Titus 84 spend ghuli spend golly spend
golly spending Lily Ghoulies and ghoulia
is a different thing in the early says
keep up the good work you baby booger
burger burping but boys got needs bagels
Zoo Fergus the zoo abides dyg low-key
nineteen months in a row dyg Loki says
thank you jack
and rach for all the fun times i spawn
badger 27 months in a row I spun badger
says wasn't able to watch the last month
but you got my money anyway love you
guys thanks thank you
how many months in a row twenty-seven
fucking months in a row nine outside the
fuck did not say the fucking fucking me
god dammit yeah shit
oh nice thanks that's what that is
skismo evil crash nine Janome ma 19
months in a row casual horse twelve
months in a row says the Cubs Trump for
God's sake rich when are you gonna get
rid of that baby painting Frisco Jones
27 fucking months in a row thank you for
subscribing all of you
catch up with these tools got really
appreciate it huh it's got the wedding
goodness oh yeah
evil Lord David said hey Jack David here
I share your love Pokemon and rich Evans
is there any chance I could expect a
Pokemon Sun or moon stream
sometime in the near future it would
make me very happy is it out yeah I
don't they're saying maybe maybe
possibly I I'm interested in it but
i-i've been really not looking for or I
I've not been not enjoying Pokemon Y and
so if the trend continues I will also
not enjoy Pokemon Sun Moon but yeah
maybe well we'll give that time okay
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard since yeah
what's with the B movies you watch on
best of the worst and rape because
sleazy producers think they need tits in
their movies and they don't care how
they get tits in their movies you
usually usually these movies involve
some sort of violence so you need a
reason for violence and then you need a
reason for neutered and then you need a
reason for nudity and so then it's like
that's what separates you from the
pornos right and so it's like if the bad
guy does the rape then the good guy can
do the violence against the rape yes and
it's just like that's it's easy yes yeah
I think that's a great thing is it we
end we end on a strong note rape and
vile
