Mar 27, 2016
Salt and Sanctuary
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/68113166
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/68115012
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/68116342
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/68117290
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoXo2EQfbv8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFno5QeAPqk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFKrPX-v_TQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Yc665Vpapo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/714166594088206336

[Part I]
hey hopefully you can hear us I don't
know if you can or not
I don't know if we're streaming or not I
believe we're streaming a laptop
I blame me
I blame rose Evans III get to the studio
I know we're filming stardew valley
review and i got other things need to
work on an item I pull into the parking
lot like oh shit we're doing a stream
that I'd I didn't bring my PC so I
called Jack I'm like Jack forgot to burn
my PC if you want to play a console game
I could just bring your console to that
and said yep and I said I said to myself
it's no problem I should I can stream
from my laptop I'll bring in my ps4
we'll play that that hit new Dark Souls
2d game something sanctuary and
everything on my laptop exploded every
single program I would try I tried to
run crashed and needed updated and I
restarted my computer a million zillion
gazillion times
and so we're streaming directly from the
ps4 that's fine but we still have we
have the we have the Twatter up Thank
You beefcake I got I got the Twitter the
new download thank you we have the
stream tip alert er up and the volume on
my laptop cranked to the max so we'll
still be able to hear that everything is
gonna be good
we're not going to put our faces my guys
are gonna put your faces or not risking
it well I don't know what that means
I think they want a face cam we have no
face cam because we're streaming through
the ps4 and we don't have the ps4 I
camera now if I'd brought my mic PC we
could just stream through by PC great
but rich for goddes be
but I would have gone home and gotten it
we knew your laptop was gonna blow up
the twitch subscriber watcher we call it
the twat
so in regards to Batman vs Superman dude
you bleed you gotta cross that with bein
rich this is my blanket yeah better
because he's like a voice modulator yeah
that didn't bother me at all
yeah yeah it makes it makes perfect
sense Bruce Wayne is fairly known
celebrity and not everybody can be Kevin
Conroy that's true only Kevin Connor in
plan is
similar to the force awakens on
Wednesday we are going to dedicate a
section of Wednesday's stream to pure
Batman vs Superman spoilers Wednesday
Wednesday yes and you know what we'll do
it we'll do like maybe an hour or so no
spoilers no Batman talking and then like
just go into it a lot like force awakens
where we just get fucking delve into all
of the Batman V Superman spoilers on
Wednesday today no spoilers for anyone
who wants to see it over the weekend
however unlike the force awakens I don't
give a crap who spoils what in the chat
I just don't give a crap
you know both rich and I have seen it
the Batman's you don't feel good about
it
it's why I flew these options
not many options this is my first time
playing salt and sanctuary also so I
have no idea how to play the game yes
there are real spoilers and there might
be things you might not want to read in
the chat if you haven't seen the film
and intend to the rock yeah yeah there
are sure get the full no there was no
secret was well we went in there with
the fucking mic either the zoom the zoom
really yeah I did I didn't see the whole
episode I know I just was watching it
was that was a little thing called that
little the audio record yeah I don't
know what it is called but the little
audio recorder zoom yeah that is another
bolt zoom it's about the same oh okay so
I went in there were the old zoo okay
oh that's fun yeah yeah that was legit
in case you cracked up laughing I wasn't
you know like completely crack on
there's some snickering during the
flashback to Man of Steel it opens with
the ending of Man of Steel say I'm not
gonna say that's a spoiler the
destruction at the end of Man of Steel
uh-huh
I started just laughing at some of that
because it's so ridiculous
sure okay so so far quite possibly the
ugliest character I've ever come across
in a video game yeah a little look too
bad right there
lack of nose is just weird
I'm gonna try to go full full me origin
oh this isn't a spoiler either Ben
Affleck is the best part of movie by far
you know I grew up and you know what
fine Batman yep Ben Affleck fine Batman
I honestly think my favorite live-action
Batman because not everybody can be
Kevin hammering they say you fucking
nails Batman oh there we go that looks
like a nice pale meat I think it's some
kind of salamander man actually oh maybe
cell ooh a paladin a thief they sell a
Mandor rich I can be a chef oh my god I
kind of want to be a chef guys how
fucked am i if I'm a chef I'm totally
fucking of being a chef look at that you
got a pan you got a pan definitely gonna
be a pan I'm a little yeah salamander is
a little weird that looks pretty much
like me I only one with the salamander
because he was the palest you know you
go with whatever you want
oh here we go this is pretty good I
don't know what any of these affects me
so we're just gonna say none I'm totally
gonna be a chef though because the chef
is awesome all right are we ready to
venture forth I have a giant frying pan
rich mm-hmm
venture forth how would I feel about
Kevin Conroy is a live-action Batman I
don't know if he's got to look for it
yeah yeah and he's getting up there an
age at this point - I'm sure it really
know what it looks like but the man's in
voice-acting care reason it looks like a
guy Affleck nails it no yeah it looks
great
okay so you got your stamina bar certain
things aside which are the scripts fault
and not his Affleck is great okay and
you have the one handed in two-handed
versions a very very dark Souls
blood-borne what's neat so far did you
pick the chef's outfit okay okay there's
those Don's role role is a right trigger
oh fuck I just threw something after a
potato I rich I have a potato oh my god
I make very excited about heaven they're
too long though I can fix that are we
too loud to someone who is a subscriber
to us tiny turnip says were too loud
anyone else tell us if we're too loud
I wasn't laughing constantly throughout
Batman vs Superman it's a very dour
movie that's it excessively from to our
movie everything it's I I had a
permanent frown on my face you know
watching a movie they'll want to kidnap
our lady and ransom
Oh oh my god I think it gets sued by by
the Dark Souls people by from software
different
oh can you copyright gameplay yes yeah
something you can't fucking frying-pan
Donna it wasn't like it was a very it
was a very glum movie no I wouldn't have
to feel good so feel bad movie of the
year really not kidding about this whole
Dark Souls thing so you kind of have to
die nice you've been a flotsam washed
ashore like the rest of us huh shelter
sanctuary but what is sanctuary do you
keep the New Gods you don't keep the new
guys rare pilgrims our answers no no no
you do you hold no God's at all my a
mountain no shit this might be important
this the iron well I like the sound of
the iron ones but I also kind of want to
be the goddess of life you know what do
you think you'd be the goddess of life
yeah I'm the goddess of life Oh Davari
now you worship someone I told you I
don't worship anyone can I not worship
any one can I be a man of science and
blows up gods
are you up okay then yes it's also
giving this a tip cutter stars is happy
springtime holiday oh my god we've
missed several tips anonymous would like
me to say hey hey hee hee I make poo poo
and pee pee quality YouTube some video
that's a quality quality tube county
video al resources did you get the beer
I sent from tap brewing a few weeks back
I don't think we got any beer we did get
some coffee I put a bunch of beer in
that fridge I'm sorry I thought about it
and I think you forgot it was we're busy
you can check their Jackson checking
beer we didn't get a bunch of beer
there's a vibe from my ear too I think
it has something to do with the game
how's everyone doing just out of
curiosity everybody who has not seen
Batman vs Superman just those of you who
haven't just in all caps type and ot an
informal poll everyone hates the The
Crow Jack oh yeah well people haven't
seen them that will avoid spoilers
holy fuck how did this movie make four
hundred million dollars and rlm fans
haven't seen it and you think this is
that we're the target audience for this
kind of shit it did an informal poll
anybody who hasn't seen it I said type
in all caps not and they're just like a
stream a huge stream of nuts I think
there's a lot of people are saying I
poured myself a legacy IPA and I'm
pretty excited about drinking it but I'm
trying to get away from clothes
we block
that pill and I think the major spoiler
is that the via Batman vs Superman
stands for visits
they go out for coffee like and a very
polite conversation it's weird because
everything you see in the trailer is
actually a flashback to an elderly
Batman and Superman visiting each other
great I don't roll that is nice fucking
carnage walking blood everywhere walking
canach what sanctuary how do you heal
that's a good question I have a potato
potato
oh we picked up a tire town oh we can
today oh there you go earth thin vessel
okay use equipped items like that I have
to date it on hold on some inventory I'm
going to be order inventory
don't you think that'll be lovely Oh
what is it Barney Barney what's going on
hey I don't have literal I have no idea
what's going on here
you just wanted you turn into a crazy
man uh yeah you know I I don't know if I
had dinner well whose fault is that it's
100% my fault
sanctuary fuck
chant I would actually say that Batman
vs Superman I would say it's better than
Man of Steel there's word of the meta
still largely because it's Ben Affleck
the movie doesn't like Superman and it
doesn't care about Superman and we're
really rather than Superman wasn't in
the movie at all but that's an
incredibly accurate state yeah and and
the movie has no idea why Luthor is
doing anything he's just doing things I
think you have a stole tree well I
noticed that I was gonna go anymore
anymore so
I don't know that Eisenberg was bad per
se just the script gives him zero
motivations to do anything he does at
any point in the film he might not be
the way you'd want to see Luther
portrayed but I don't think it's
inherently bad no you know because he's
like new businessman you know yeah like
that's what Luther always was right was
kind of like a businessman at least
Luther I knew yeah my Luther has always
been just like a weird evil businessman
who wanted wanted you know power and
Jesse Eisenberg was playing you know the
new kind of businessman the faith
businessman and you can portray a
character sniffing way my problem with
Superman isn't just that he's not
officially Superman it's just he's a
walking conviction he's a hero but like
murders everyone you know I would pick
how you want to portray him is he a
monster you can do what has a monster if
you want but like I also get it that you
want to try to portray a complicated
here he's he he is a monster but the
movie wants to treat him like he's a
hero right ending up in a problem
there's a fall damage yes there is
something you gotta test it out
sometimes rich oh god I don't have
nearly enough salt 500 game audio is
loud as shit I don't know if there's
anything we can do about that streaming
through the oh you're like you're like
yeah there you go Jack bid you 50 like
happen I hope Murray keval is balding
worse than rich Evans well fuck you too
and he seems like he has a glorious
Senate and you know both rich Evan to
end our harvey crap this is coming from
me who's very bald hit me a break zombie
he was a great son really huh what
Harvey Carell yeah yeah okay got some
coin here we go
waters a blessing I can assume that
hears me pouch of salt
Henry Harvey what are they Henry Henry
Henry I don't care Henry's the new
Superman that's the only name that
matters
shoot Brandon Rose
you know what else will be known for
nothing he's basically just that one
weird super head that's his legacy oh
he's gonna be part of the the new DC
Universe no he oh oh no no he's already
in the DC you the DC Universe televised
music oh he plays the atom on legends of
tomorrow a TV show very very bad is it
wise or stupid to have the TV DC
Universe and the movie be Jesus
obviously do you think it's wise no I
think it's stupid what is their thinking
behind this their thinking is oh man TV
is is a different is a different beast
than movie there's no way you could get
continuities universe between TV shows
and movies it's not like any other comic
book studio has done that Marvel has
done it reluctantly weird I don't know
why don't I can I don't in the movies
want to acknowledge daredevil and their
ilk in any way yeah yeah it's all part
of it oh wow
look at that nice crisp script about
though I had 400 salt
what still oh ok so salt is sold by the
way mm-hmm salt his blood echoes in case
you were curious
I gotta get better at rolling I'm not
I'm not in a because of the 2d nature
but I'm not in a very dark place yeah
they like Souls you just gotta be bit
more defensive yeah oh oh they come back
oh that's a dick move game they respond
that
Oh dick I know dark so I'm supposed to
run past everything well event
eventually when you get tired this guy
has all my salt always the upgrade okay
I got my salt back I'll spoil something
Oh almost spoiled something you owe in
the garret you're ready to spoil about
anything oh I didn't I said almost I
stopped myself obviously it's a hidden
thing to kind of yeah yeah we're gonna
I'm now gonna drink this beer that
someone sent me thank you to whoever
sent this oh that's a fine I be a legacy
IPA fine a PA
you know what some people might care
we're we're gonna spoil the shit out of
it Wednesday and really after Wednesday
we're not gonna care about spoilers
anymore you I know stardew valley well
for one that's on my PC which I forgot
to bring Bob pom-pom for another Jack
really wanted to play so I'll take to
worry yeah you know this is obviously
we're big fans of the blood boys and
people keep saying this is like a from
software game so I've been definitely
interested in playing this and you guys
mast want me to play it obviously not
you in particular guy who just said that
but we have been asked to play this salt
back setting up there what's that
glowing thing I'm tell that's a door no
no no no no no they're just thinking
lunch just glowing
I do like that I wish they had like a
slightly different sound because it
seems to be the exact same sound effect
every single time mhm
bear it up a little bit oh I got a
throwing beggar shit
I don't know how this works
my interested in other DC movies that
won't be directed by Schneider actually
I kind of want to see Ben Affleck's
Batman directed by Zack Snyder not
written by him oh you know I don't
necessarily disagree tone wise it's fine
for Batman there's just no contrast with
him which is weird
rich asked Jack to give a Pokemon update
please Jack what's your Pokemon update
Pokemon update I just defeated Team
Rocket so I got this with or the Silph
scope my team is all like around level
27 28
just fucking murdering everyone I come
across and it's beautiful I got I did
get psychic forum I'm you
and so now I'm use a psychic type with a
psychic attack which is extra important
because if you're the same type of
Pokemon has the uses the same attack
it's called a sting attack and it
actually does 1.5 times damage so you
know super important are you attacking
me up there what can you get attacked by
that thing from below yeah I I didn't
know it could jump with my phone just
standing around like that
I was too worried about the dog sign
this time I was very worried about the
doctor
so anyway I'm about oh that's nice kind
of carries it back so right now I am
gonna go up the the ghost tower and deal
with some ghosts keep on keepin on but
mu is is murdering just everyone use a
murder beast yeah okay keep all the
treasures do you want to know how to
feel
since hardcore yes love - yes who would
love to know how to heal which which
item heals is it water of blessing
pigeons six one five since this games
art design is annoying right or am I
crazy and have no taste Jack
this might be the ugliest game I've ever
played look at him look at your
character look at you dumbass characters
growing on me he's good seeing it on the
big screen it looks better than when I
saw him a little like preview video last
week oh I think this is dumb I think
this is ugly how do i heal do you heal
you will should I start just start
messing around with some of this stuff I
don't care yeah go ahead mess around
stuff water of blessing wheels okay
although if you pray in an other Creed's
tipping your get a different healing
item which has cements you all work it
happens it happens we all make mistakes
especially me so there's other temples
and I had a bad guys losing okay
how long you guys streaming for I don't
know that is the most correct answer
rich
go back to your salt oh shit you're
right thanks Oh taking a beating check
taking it oh oh you know I got about my
salt rich oh oh shit I didn't even see
that guy excuse me - this game looks
cheap you could probably say the same
thing about the blood more really if you
haven't played it and were you playing
it you know the first time was really
cheap but you learn you get better I
don't know that's gonna be the case here
did you heal uhit's a heal water
blessing heals there this dick that's
got me so give myself bitch give it
thank you okay what there's a fucker in
the late look at that here's a question
should we stream stardew valley at some
point not tonight we can't do it tonight
don't know if I want to share my farm
with you I don't I don't know if I want
to do that I wouldn't think that's the
most exciting game the stream I would
imagine that's one of those games where
you stream it everyone would say that's
boring before I change it this is boring
am I wrong about that no I think they
would love it because we would spend the
whole time talking about other shit
every time we play a game that where we
talk about other shit the Chad thinks
it's boring okay talk about how boring
it is no matter how interesting our
conversation you know what stardew
valley would be a perfect choice for me
mm-hmm Jay is here we're gonna babble on
about about whatever movie nonsense
horror movies or whatever Jay wants to
talk about right what's this
oh that okay that healed me I don't I
don't necessarily know what I do
oh that must be like a lantern I made it
far enough to get a lantern where you
know so Jays Jays here we're talking
about nonsense and bullshit and we just
need pretty visuals in the background
oh okay didn't I has Jason the wish it
you know I'm just gonna go ahead and say
yes and he loved it just to shut
everyone up absolutely Jay love the
witch she saw it all it was great he's
great he told us it was great you know
what I like that like getting your yeah
shortcuts yep
basically and Mariano starter Valley is
not Harvest Moon meets Animal Crossing
it's pure harvest mode there's not much
animal crossing in there anything okay
Oh Karen did I played very little what
what is probably the more accurate
statement is there is there's a good
amount of Harvest Moon there Animal
Crossing is kind of be paired down how
the zoo is what I'm assuming
I've never played the Harvest Moon hmm I
played Animal Crossing
you've played Harvest Moon what you fled
Harvest Moon because you played starter
Valley oh it's really jarring how
identical it is well you know like all
Animal Crossing is is Harvest Moon
without the farming it's harvest moon
with this is Harvest Moon with with more
generous and time limits in your day and
crafting a little bit well I'm saying
animal crossing okay is Animal Crossing
is Harvest Moon without the farming okay
okay you collect stuff you sell stuff
well the villagers are all in the
villages and houses itself pretty
randomly generated there's not like
pre-scripted characters am I wrong about
that
you know you get the friendship level 5
and then you get this this pre-made
cutscene with that character if nothing
is there stuff like that
an animal process on this had been a
while
oh my god
I'm still like getting the buttons down
first bosses number one ball see watch
me weights all those Wow here go nope
nope nope I don't I didn't want any I
didn't want to help with the status I
became still 900 salt oh I probably
should have gone back and leveled up
yeah yeah you probably should but I
really probably should have gone back
and leveled up I get what you're saying
now did you pick the heart of class on
purpose no I was go baby I I picked the
chef because I thought he looked silly
and so you don't have to be the chef
we'll just start the game no you could
be like a guy with a big sword you could
be a thief but I thought the chef looked
silly and look he fights with a giant
fucking pan and I think that's hilarious
oh my god
what am I doing here I have no idea what
you're doing do you know what you're
doing I don't know what oh shit
I'm wasting valuable not evil what I
just wasted a healing proper well I'm
stumped well yeah that's available on PC
or no I believe right now it's only ps4
okay but the chat might very well prove
me wrong right about I guess I'm ready
to posit ok I felt like I did pretty
good for my first boss encounter Salalah
says how dare you make choices based on
fun games are serious business like DC
superheroes right try to jump away rich
do you watch I hate everything no I just
hate everything I don't need to watch it
I never know what it is he lives it I
live it man
roll I got a roll I'm jumping I don't
know why I'm jumping
oh I lose 900 salt forever oh wow do I
still read comic books no and it's been
about a decade or more what was a decade
like shortly after Civil War was about
when I jumped out of comic books which
was I know that wasn't a decade ago I
think that's about a decade ago that
might have been it's about a decade ago
I want to say that might have been like
eight years ago I mean the close to a
decade I guess that's bad choice fuck
you tasting I gotta get some salt rich
yep yeah I get some soap
get some coins what's this it's mine now
Civil War was 2006 to 2007 2006 yep
I'm shocked by this information time
flies when you get older apparently yeah
it's not like you're a kid in a month
felt like forever and I was like holy
shit sperm Funke we're good we're good
what did what did you what did you say I
said that outside of Batman and Superman
and these characters are largely crap
and I stand by that you should stand by
this fire their heroes go green arrow
the flash with us no fucking interesting
villains green arrow who is basically
low-rent Batman
yeah that's exactly what green arrow is
green lantern I guess our eyes I like
the Green Lantern who who made goofy
stuff fairly vague powers we make
anything that's green do whatever and do
what powers whatever is limits I yellow
cover that Blue Beetle Blue Beetle oh I
like cyborg I enjoy I think cyborgs meet
I never liked red a solo cyborg comic
but I I I know of him through various
other things and I find his story to you
yeah you know you've got robot powers
and he can assimilate anything like
robot II or mechanical and use it in his
in his
if you combat feels nice
I'll tell you that I think the game is
ugly as sin but the combat feel mostly
because when you kill people they go
where I mean if you could list all of
the interesting Marvel characters and
then list all of the interesting DC
characters one of these lists would be
really long and the other would not is
all I'm saying
I mean I agree with you but I'm a
horrible Marvel fanboy but I think
that's because I like their characters
better he'll x-men Iron Man definitely
Raqqah Fantastic Four the Avengers
spider-man Batman Superman flash runs
really fast
you want someone who runs when you guys
forgot that there's villains like the
guy throws a boomerang they also run
really fast they kind of have to really
I mean running really fast is like the
most overpowered thing in the world
they also like run fast that's cool Blue
Beetle and Booster Gold you mean not
spider-man and who you know Booster Gold
it has an interesting backstory if I
remember correctly Booster Gold is from
the the distance distant future that's
all I really know about him to be fair
and all of his powers are fairly
standard in the future and he's like an
actor yeah and he uses like he has like
all this technology and he gets thrown
into the past and he's kind of a
dickhead
okay but he has all these powers that US
in the in the present don't have and so
he he tries to be a superhero okay I
think that's you know what I'll give
Booster Gold these games maybe chance
bring it up Nightwing you made Batman
white do you mean that you mean
spider-man
Nightwing is Batman like yeah is anyone
even the parent spider-man well
it's what they do when they want Batman
to be more like spider-man because
Nightwing doesn't have Batman's money or
resources he's underpowered he's in a
new so oh fuck man oh I forgot my
Walkman Jack let's have a conversation
about how awesome Hawkman is oh it's
over all right we haven't started the
conversation and that's not the big of a
Marvel fan boy I'm sorry DC character
just largely suck
right you see their heads fly okay when
you kill him big let's go flying
oh my got some new shit I got some new
shit I got some robes gloves can I can't
wear these no wait I can't wear those
okay great better pants DC has great
villains though Batman has great
villains DC as a whole I'd say less so
Darkseid
who's when he may have came first he is
the less interesting Thanos Lex Luthor
you got Lex Luthor Darkseid and Lex
Luthor Hades dark seed have we had this
conversation start I'm pretty sure sir
sure sure uh person
Bizzaro
no I'm not counting retarded Superman as
a great villain he's a famous villain
but he's not a good villain he's cute
thing just looks like it should be a
thing I think maybe I'll even throw a
gorilla Gruden there you know what
because talking apes are fun
really Ron Grodd you gorilla Groot look
at the gorilla who's also a tree Harley
Quinn yeah we're throwing currently
Quinn in with the Batman villains know
who I fully wouldn't admit Batman has
like one of the Presley the best rogues
gallery Adolf comics yes
maybe I get like double-jump hours later
gorilla grodd
I'll give him a pass because he's a
monkey this is what you said oh I have
salt I can go I can go level up
I can level up I should go do that I
should definitely go do that stop
fucking around
Vandal Savage nobody gives a shit about
Vandal Savage just honestly nobody gives
a shit about Vandal Savage spooky spooky
guy who's spooky and old it's so spooky
I can't even deal with this spooky great
Vandal Savage
we'll get right out of town great Marvel
William the ones that owes dr. doom oh I
don't even like the Fantastic Four of a
doctor to integrate I'm just fucking
awesome yeah he's got a whole thing
especially later dr. doom when he gets a
lot very he just got like he's gotten
governing to deal with magneto
juggernaut Sinestro apocalypse
apocalypse is meat candy I do like
bigger than that but they're not the
funny thing the release of apocalypse is
that you meet new - visual kingpin gang
man spider-man's entire rogues gallery
you know spreads cocoa and Red Skull
kind of just low-rent dr. doom you know
galactus go like this fucking Galactus
what a wonderful idea
just just you know a giant being who
eats whole planets and doesn't give a
fuck about anybody oh hey what's this is
there somebody else here what is it half
of spider-man's rogues gallery is just
spider-man with the spider replaced with
another animal so what that doesn't mean
they're bad villains
villain eads to be somebody interesting
for the hero to fight for whatever
reason what and Doctor Octopus he's just
such a kooky visual you know this is a
scientist guy with four weird-ass metal
arm just coming on the side oh that's a
great visual
some figurative offer the stone
merchants to an altar to allow merchants
to do business in the sanctuary
oh hello look look at it look at all
these ugly-ass people look at all they
do it looks like this game was
originally a Geico gecko brawler but
they couldn't get the licensing right so
they just slapped on the human skin this
is gross
all green goblin heads is a different
color scheme from spider-man
no green Goblin's gimmick and they
should have kept him killed off but his
gimmick was great it was the mystery of
the identity and that was unique that
really was unique he should have stayed
dead though
should I buy any this shit ah okay done
who can I upgrade my pan venoms
overrated a lot of people love venom
though dams have been 3 Venom's
his motivations were awful after after
the initial one like I can see the
initial you know like you could use the
costume the suit had better motivation
than Eddie Brock by far yeah how I need
to salt okay
you ruined my career off panel by
catching a murderer I hate you
spider-man that's Eddie Brock's
motivation and it's terrible yeah but
you know what that was that was just
enough to it for this suit to take to
convince him to work with you right yeah
and so like the initial story works and
then like you said admit what if this to
it like jump that was the initial idea
yeah I think that would mean great after
Eddie Brock I think I'm supposed to be
dr. octopus supposed to get the surgery
oh yeah would have indeed
ha ha ha they didn't do that though
because venom was insanely popular but
you could still have venom I hey hey I'm
not in charge Marvel you you know what
you're right Laura isn't there was an
interview with David Michelin who was
the creator of enemy huh he said it was
gonna be dr. Rock I'm so yeah I'm just
gonna I just gotta go from person person
really gonna be this thing yeah yeah
that could've been a really fun story
line okay I have now leveled up I'm
level two all these bitches are back
there in here Dark Soul style
and he thoughts on flash of enemy not
crazy for it but a lot of people love it
I haven't been to a comic book store in
10 years so I know excuse me I know very
little about Flash venom other than
flash has the venom suit he's a good guy
but I'm not yeah oh yeah he's effort
that makes in fact a lot of things that
season ended last week fYI don't pick up
that DVDs what I'm gonna end up doing I
presume it will be out on DVD at some
point wait a minute jack city hasn't run
a comic in years and you mentioned he
liked reading Kamala Khan's Miss Marple
Ridge hasn't read a comic book in years
as it turns back in fact has as it turns
out rich and Jack are different people I
don't understand that and I know they
don't understand that but it's really
true rich and Jack are entirely
different people in fact I have been
making a real effort to read more comics
because I really enjoy comic books and
so I've been getting out there and
trying new stuff some stuff is stuck
like Kamala Khan I love the new Miss
Marvel and I thought about but that
shit's expensive it really really
expensive digital really helps because
uh you know it's just less expensive
what none superhero comics hooked you in
preacher fucking experiment is Jessie
still have it I think I've managed to
get it back from her I need it I want to
read it like it oh I need a chard oh I
need a chard doll
rich I thought I would be able to
upgrade my shit that's why I came back
here but I need a charge at all
did you know that part part of a part of
a something saying I mentioned John and
John Bryan Superman yeah so Bryan a
burger
yes I'm jumbo John Byrne's Superman is
farm boy Superman ok like classic
Superman before that like Silver Age
he's he's orphaned alien pining for
Krypton Krypton is forever lost him
Superman and that that Superman to me is
really kind of creepy and alien and I'm
not sure I like him ok but the kids like
the science fiction I think so that's
that's like that was insanely popular
Superman many years then John Brian burn
burn I keep I always wanted to say Brian
that stuck in my head even though his
name is be wiring he did the Superman
who was the the farm boy he'd put the
heat width of the man first okay
an emphasis on bond Paul yeah I remember
his origin had you know them jor-el
sending you know baby Superman to earth
and he was like well it's just a
disgusting filthy planet full of these
eight men but when our son will be
really powerful he'll be able to take
over easily he'll be like their king
okay I like that and this plot is foiled
by these these these kindly farm folks
who raised him turn him into a good man
and that yeah that was by far my
favorite version of Superman
that's hot at night all right I'm a
level up now so I'm gonna totally defeat
this ahh denied I just need to remember
roles
I jumped instinctively and rolling is
where it's at
except for that time good fine John
Byrne wrote the story where Superman
killed people
he brought the story where Superman like
murdered Zod and his crew but it wasn't
something he did lightly and it haunted
him greatly afterwards
now that's only gonna be a 5% chance of
beating this guy you know yeah yeah I
totally agree by the way I'm surprised
are giving me that much
like Nick waiting back under any DC
characters other than submit submit in
Batman or think are worth anything well
define worth anything we're talking
about like characters who can headline
their own comic book and maybe
interested well
logo gets old quick logo can be fun but
logo gets old very quick don't worry
about it
like Lobos a fun supporting character
from time wavy lines saying Plastic Man
could hold his own that's totally true
Plastic Man is the greatest comic book
character of all time better know what
about what about the Sandman comics rich
but you really consider that it was a
traitor to Z would you really consider
that a DC Universe character really
Sandman's really well he technically may
have been in the DC Universe I'm not
sure it really stands out as home that's
the second so it's pretty much a
separate thing almost like Swamp Thing
technically it's Marvel what come that's
one things you thinking a Man Thing
some things that Marvel we said
technically that's Marvel when I said
Swamp Thing oh sorry no that was a
question Swamp things not marva nope
really some things DC clothes thanks
vertigo these days man maybe I see
like if you did a Sandman movie it
wouldn't be anything like a superhero
movie technically Superman could go and
say hi to Morpheus
what about the creeper what about him
he looks really stupid worst costume
design ever and I like Steve did Co I
really like Steve Ditko can you roll
through him
yeah Thank You Burt off rolling through
money does that combo okay turn I got a
run when he does the combo I got much
farther than that good good you can do
it jack
I know I can I know I can I feel I can I
know I can I feel it in my bones
oh you good farm I level up I could farm
but I just want you know I'll defeat
those guys then I'll worry about farming
the sodden night
Oh God oh fuck yeah this is so far this
is a no no it's not your best friend
we're pretty much using the weakest
class with the weakest weapon I think he
looks funny does that count
no listen I saw I saw the chef with the
giant iron cam and I said I want to be
that guy it's fine can you do what you
do jack you're doing you doing you don't
let other people tell you what to do
dig they're not gonna rich
oh that's his new one oh right right
right take it easy take it easy
you can do it you do it I have faith in
you Oh Teddy heel oh I tried to heal I
didn't do it I tried to heal calendar
man
yeah calendar man is great he's the
power of holidays

[Part II]
rich who is the worst headlining
comic-book character the worst
headlining so who has their own comic
book quasar exactly my brains too old
pull up every character that ever has
been right it's not Howard the Duck
because I actually like he hired the guy
comics Destler deserts up there yeah
back when disco was the same I'm serious
it's a character who was inspired by
disco there you go
oh you can interrupt to this come on
Lady Starks it up you know what I
haven't been trying he's um counter yeah
who I countered but I don't know what it
did look like did you heal or do you
gain help oh I use the healing potion
right before them oh forget countering
try to win on it what do I think of Red
Hood I'm only I'm only familiar with the
Joker version of the Red Hood I haven't
read anything where Jason Todd with the
Red Hood that's a mystery to me I
haven't I guess I haven't been into a
comic restoring a very long time what
about the Teen Titans what about a bunch
of lame sidekicks
Teen Titans go is a fun show on Cartoon
Network that count
rich if you had to create a character
what would his powers be it's part of me
to make you shut up stop asking me about
comic books I haven't read that be my
fucking power
my chef Enosh you're a lame the sidekick
that's very true
that was incredibly dumb shit shit
they stole all myself I've had 14,000
you get a bag be a man and get back god
fucking damn it
ah you got a key for killing that boss
oh well there you go
I gotta go
bitch why are you so grumpy you're gonna
you can see the shit I'm putting up with
it's all fine except for you you know
who you are if I had to create a
superhero here's what is super foggy
yeah
his superpower would be invulnerability
unable to get injured in any fashion
yeah and he and then this character
would have gotten this power when he was
just a normal dude here's where it gets
fun
yeah do you know how you build muscle by
by breaking your own muscles by breaking
your own muscles you have to like lift
weights and that breaks muscles and that
grows new muscles so he's invulnerable
but just normal normal strength yeah no
superhuman strength whatsoever but he
could be hit by a bus
somebody has done this I'm sure
somebody's done this it sounds it sounds
like someone has done this look at the
cheerleader in heroes no she had human
oh the healing factor that would be my
superhero and he'd have to figure out
how to defeat the bad guys just by
hurling himself at the bad guy like like
oh the bad guys like using a giant robot
suit he would like jump into the gears
yeah but do you still feel pain yes okay
it was pain all of his nerves work all
the time perfectly perfect perfectly
everything in his body work for him to
the can't you can't be hurt there's no
listen I'm breakable oh that's pretty
good except for he has some strength
right I don't he was a football player
yeah no Bruce Willis was super strong
and unbreakable am i looking forward to
mass effect and drama up no I'm not you
send me a copy of mass spect and drama I
will destroy it on camera sight unseen
sight unseen unopened ever released I
guess I'll see the package exactly
beefcake well I'm talking with Freddie
Williams about drawing a comic based on
my character right now T 2 2 2 TT - hey
now that you're done with the turtles
the Batman run which is love today
affording the VCR repair shirt during
the stream before Batman Superman came
out because we actually filmed some of
the skits stuff earlier just so we can
get the review out faster so we can just
still see the movie sit down talk about
it and not to worry about filming other
stuff it speeds up the process
how's the plugin review coming that that
you'd have to ask Mike that
I can't oh I guess I was wondering with
it what the triangle and square button
did no salt
I have no salt rich okay so now I have
to Liberty bloops wisdom improves
effectiveness of prayers fuck that the
half in the bag was really great thank
you
the comments section is full of salt
yeah you know apparently people really
like this Batman thing willpower
willpower determines your maximum
stamina oh I like I like more stamina
but oh yeah we're just going straight up
strength here improve the attack of
strength to scale weapons which I assume
my pot is strength improves attack of
strength kill weapons or endurance
have jancker rich ever bothered with
Elfquest fun fact about rich Evans
I don't like elves I don't care about
elves I don't see the appeal white
people like elves like in any general
just people with goofy ears what's the
big fucking deal I never much got into
your generic fantasy tropes you know
rich if I if I if you run for president
on the on the fuck elves yeah I'm saying
like you you'd be like here's the here's
what I'm gonna do as president I'm gonna
try to remove elves from all of fantasy
fiction I will be your vice president I
mean you know what I've never given
elves much thought I just thought what's
the appeal for the pretty in this
spindle in the magical in the woods and
they should bow and arrow should your
magic up your ass I don't give enough
ugh I'm super strong now like I'm gonna
defeat everyone with my pan
need something oh wait I can't upgrade
my pan right because I need a doll can't
be racist against elves they don't exist
like that I'm just gonna go smashing
things here's something here's something
that is just a really mild annoyance
about the game is when you're like you
know if I go into like learn prayers I
can press the circle button to go back
to this but I can't press the circle
button to get out of this menu I have to
go and press done mild annoyance but I'm
you know alright let's see how much I
well I smash things now I did two levels
up in strength I should smash things
like hello there should be only played
Legend of Zelda game yes and it wouldn't
make any difference if link were an elf
or not it's a pointless fantasy race no
use scaling okay yeah so this is a
strength scaling weapon okay good my eye
Ron pot I know when is an elf
I'm saying it's irrelevant like it
wouldn't make anything like link L for
killing like what is the matter Mason
else is you know heroes you see them in
do you know what do you call the things
that even know he's a known we didn't
know place even know yeah alright I'm
done with that elves are called Isles
art all beautiful creatures because the
link is a garden gnome he comes from the
forest he protects the trees
chef's smash I just don't like Tolkien
it was fine for the time and I really
can't stand white people they're awful
I'm being silly right now I couldn't I
couldn't understand the silly reference
and I'm very sorry it was too silly rich
honestly white people are the worst and
I think everyone who agrees with that
I tried to read was the first one of the
Rings again I didn't member the name
fellowship I got I couldn't get like
three pages and do it right it just
completely lost me almost immediately I
can see that not for everyone
you didn't read a hobbit first no
usually been Lord of the Rings are
supposed to be the good shit so I
started there no I know everybody
started reading The Hobbit I think look
at how fucking ugly this art is that's
fine yes so I was fine
do I have a quest yes that's good print
oh okay yeah sure what's your quest
invade that that castle to the east
defeat its guardians to slay the dragon
castles must be invaded dragons must be
slaying awesome thing okay bye
no black pearl I think that means I can
upgrade my shit
I might have almost fallen to my death
let's do that fuck you better fucking
bat here's another one of these things
that Monell it looks like it should be
important well what's the model this
thing rare no I got it it blends in with
the background too much to be something
important I feel like it should be
important what is yeah I got a I got a
bow and arrow passageways rich Fred the
Dark Tower books I started and then I
stopped because Stephen King pedis us
well there you go he's going into like
great detail about some random woman
having her period for no good reason
like what the fuck and then I just
stopped reading what it's Stephen King
I'm sorry I was just reeling from like
talking about Stephen King writing about
girls on their period everyone's a
monster yeah everyone's a monster rich
lock of hair endless Fang
arrows shit all right I'm out
god bless god bless
I'm really liking this is my kind of
shit
let's hates on this rich hates on that
you do you hate on everything you know
what I like funny of things so just I
don't like the things that you like and
you ignore that nor when I say I like
something did you not care about that
yeah oh my garbage mone rich doesn't
like the dark tower
oh god he doesn't like anything No More
Heroes it's fun not like Oh rich I'm
gonna like better resume a Tim person
hates everything I've heard that about
Richie
yep really I'm loved Steve Steve is just
great game Oh classic vision like Mel
your son in like gaming he hears
everything
yeah rich rich brought up something that
to me today that I have completely and
utterly forgotten about which is people
completely shit people completely we're
talking shit about us for the Metal Gear
Solid 5 there you know oh my god what's
with these guys they they hated Metal
Gear Solid 5 they're the worst ever they
don't understand gaming but both of us
recommended it yep yep okay
we didn't like anime that made us demons
demons didn't like anime you know like
goofy bullshit how dare they not like
goofy bullshit burn the witches the
witches are getting in the castle
they take everything it isn't like Star
Wars true hits everything the cake I
love so much Oh
tgd all at the ng season for even
raising just like Star Wars you hates
everything just doesn't like things I
like and that makes me sad it makes me
sad this anime does equal goofy bullshit
goofy bullshit is a staple of anime I'm
sorry
it's true and you know what as someone
who who watches anime I agree that it's
true don't want just terrible amount of
anime but yeah there's some goofy
bullshit in a Savannah Maeda
isn't goofy bullshit explain to me what
the fucking cat girl is uh it's it's
goofy bullshit
trinkets I'm doing it rich
yes obscene Akira and while while
intellectually I could appreciate the
animation the effort that went into the
animation in Akira I can really
appreciate that I hate every character
in it it's beautiful it looks beautiful
yeah everyone's in church I see where
you're going with this
it's rare to watch something and
actually hope everybody dies I mean I
really hope all of these people
that was spear right now
what about ghosts Michelle I haven't
seen it oh you should see ghost in the
shell' yeah yeah I really like OHS in
this channel I mean it's like I have a
soft spot for anime because like you
know me and like special effects in
movies like my whole my whole mixing
stop-motion animation animation with
real people right it never meshes and so
like anime does this wonderful thing
where it's all it's all drawn and so
like you're the only limit is your
imagination and so yeah it goes Michelle
does some great bullshit and when I say
I hate anime I know that's generalizing
a lot I mean there are animes have
flight the very few of them though like
the zone of the enders the game very
much anime influence I mean giant robots
and everything love zone of the enders
love the stories on the Ender's so to
the Ender's had an animated series I
Dolores love it ok absolutely love it
probably most because the main character
isn't a 15 year old boy with spiky hair
was super perfect at what he does for no
good reason and everybody doesn't just
love him not something doing it
oh but you know what you can circle out
of that menu okay but no other menu I'm
sorry I'm extremely sorry just just
weird weird bullshit
guys you're right there all right
oh the village of smile
oh fuck you game I'm sorry you tricked
me
which should be played any of the might
in magic game
I have this MuRF so I stuck my head out
wrenching
I didn't really discover Tony's a
strategy until so after it was a thing
really first time I really played a
turn-based strategy game would have been
like Master of Orion and that was that
was years after a head first come out
maybe like mm oh hi red this is hey rich
I picked up the zone of the enders HD
collection when it came out but I could
never get into it the controls never
really quick for me it felt too fast and
meshy any tips what system are you
playing it on playing on the PlayStation
4 and make sure you get the patch
because originally it was a very shitty
port they did a terrible fucking job
they ended up eventually patching and
fixing the PlayStation 4 version but you
gotta make sure you get that fucking
patch world of difference okay
everything Zota the under spin
oh the HD collection one and two okay
the Enders and one
here's your my other tip start with the
zone of the enders team one I like the
story in one very very much unrefined to
prednisone be understood zone of the
enders - it was like it's like the
perfect sequel it fixes everything that
is wrong with zone of the enders one
which got kind of boring and repetitive
wasn't much in the way of enemy variety
the sub weapons were all crap but I mean
same basic gameplay but still even zone
of the understood leagues better it's
amazing how far improve the gameplay is
going to be understood so my other tip
is PlayStation 4 version you get the
patch start with the second game that's
my advice that's a fair amount of good
advice
you thing
Oh God tips you're right for some reason
the tips aren't saying oh my god don't
we usually hear that through oh yes yeah
it's probably stand-up time and I need
to get run to the bathroom so let's do
it let's do let's do stand-up time and
then I'll start reading some tips
okay
that tip is for rich so we won't worry
that it's past time to stand up so it's
too late to stand up you're right it's
too late to stand up and I'm so sorry
the thing was I'm drinking a beer and I
just got it got away from me this is a
very nice IPA so now let's see what we
have here
it's wise wise
okay let's see here anonymous says
bi-weekly reminder that you should play
Lisa the painful RPG the protagonist is
like a mix of you - oh good he's mostly
bald sort of a dad and absolutely
miserable yes it is on our list of games
to play telegin says I thought all the
characters in Batman V Superman were
unlikable so it was boring for most
people it was boring for the most part
because there was nothing to root for
also why does doomsday look like the
amazing bulk you know that was part of
the thing is that I think they without
going into paint the heroes
you know flaw
you know they make mistakes these are
flawed characters and because he spent
so much time on their flaws and not
necessarily a lot of time on their
heroics everyone's just kind of a
dickhead rich is coming back now so I'm
gonna wait to read this next tip I
thought I heard thud her comeback you
might be coming back might be coming
back
everywhere no got bombs okay throw a
bomb like that that ground pound that's
awesome
ugly ugly game look at these characters
can I pick this way is that good rich
have you heard of the guide to classic
graphic adventures by Kurt Kuwata no
it's about 800 pages and he reviews
every graphic adventure game from the
80s and 90s Oh rich says huh huh huh I
have a black pearl what
I don't think I have a black problem oh
my god back up in the main screen oh
whoa there's a reminder to play Lisa
Callaghan want to say I thought all the
characters in Batman V Superman are
unlikable so it was boring for most part
because there is nothing to root for
also why'd his doomsday look like the
amazing bulk
why was doomsday in the movie never
better that's a much better question
piss boy says as the piss boy I fully
endorse Jesse Eisenberg's portrayal of
Lex Luthor and I think we both agreed
his portrayal was fine on is the the
problem was the lack of motivation and
the writing definitely the lack of
motivation need the you need to throw in
why he wants to kill Superman so fucking
desperately that he's willing to
spoilers I can't talk about it right
lane isn't saying shit right that
requires a solid motivation for no
apparent reason
yeah but no like if that's how he wants
to play it I thought it I thought his
his version of Lex was fun might not be
the version of like she'd want to see in
a big screen but I didn't like it was
inherently an awful performance I agree
with that
Jonny Lee wombat says here's a few bucks
to pick up the original or a reprint of
Action Comics 7 7 5 what's so funny
about truth justice and the American Way
the complete antithesis of Zack Snyder's
version of Superman okay well there you
go but it's funny because that was you
know the death of Superman I was kind of
the point
in the comics was well you know you
might think he's and her Christa
anarchistic no not anarchistic gob
archaic you may think is archaic this
concept of Superman there's good this
goody-goody the blank out he's a hero
and you'll miss him when he was gone
that was the whole point behind killing
Superman in the comics yeah yeah okay I
know you know like and for me I've never
read much Superman comics I've read a
couple Superman comics I haven't read
much but like my Superman
if the Adventures of Superman the 90s
cartoon much like Batman is the Batman
the Animated Series
that's my Superman who's doing the right
thing because that's the right thing to
do Batman vs Superman Batman you're
rooting for Lex Luthor yeah we got to do
something about this Superman ha ha ha
by the way right let's see here Ivan
made says hi if you didn't get mail buy
me a joke get well card to Jack with
stuff in it the post office where I live
I've heard has been bad at sending there
remember to track your packages to rlm
folks I think it's did we get I think we
did get him a get-well sitting around
here somewhere I think jr. must have
moved some stuff around in that box
oh yeah whatnots we get everyone some
things every once in a while let's say
here speaking of anime Jack have you
seen royal space force no no I'm sorry
casual Horace I have none
early return about the anime talk about
its owner of the under Santa Baby
somebody in the chat but I was talking
about Idol oh there's two ones a
standalone movie thing the other was a
series called I had Laura's no Idol O's
boring boring as fuck
okay Idol a stupid I Dolores is the one
I enjoy mostly because I really like the
main character the lead we talked about
how the plot of the expanses of rip off
from side of the image like tension
between Earth and Mars and someone else
was mentioning that it's even they're
both over bump of something else right
maybe but the main character of the
political tensions don't breaking that
she went back to Mars like helping their
war she abandons him he gets word that
she like died in a battle and he's
trying to get his kids alone and they
grow up to hate on men he's just this
he's this sad man who just wants his
family back and then and then adventure
happens okay that sounds that sounds
terribly heartbreaking it is see if I
can find a different path I don't seem
to be having much luck down
now we're getting now we're getting some
powerful weapons here I'm a chef with a
spear Ridge hmm if comics had real-life
physics which powers are still viable
none of them because if they were people
would have powers even Batman if Batman
tried to do some of the shit he does in
real life he'd be dead Batman would
never make it passes Ricky Bahl oh yeah
I think he'd rip his arm off trying to
use his grappling didn't the Mythbusters
do something unlike grappling hook yep I
wanna maybe he'd be shot fairly early on
yeah you know probably fair the best The
Sandman Sandman mystery theatre not
Morpheus yes cuz it's just the guy with
a gas mask and some sleeping gas and
that shit would work I love Sandman
mystery that's great I think we've
talked about this before on the stream
but in case there's anyone new there is
a series called Sandman mystery theatre
and like rich said it's literally just a
dude it's a dude who likes solving crime
so he puts on a gas mask and he has a
gas gun mm-hmm oh yeah there's some
slight mysticism to it just enough to
like keep it interested but like all
downplayed it's beautiful Sandman
mystery theatre is a beautiful comedy
and see by far though the most realistic
superhero the Batman would get murdered
yes Batman soon easily easily but any
any idiot can like shoot a gas canister
into a room and just let it do its work
let it do its work and you know you have
your mask so you're okay I love saying
that if I if I would want if I would
want to make a comic book movie
would be staying manager theater I don't
want to make that same man Mystery
Science Theater yes that's what it's
helped we've got this bat vigilante he
seems to be able to manufacture his own
batarangs and he's got some really
expensive car
how many wealthy people do we know who
whatever motive to go fighting crime
won't see is that Bruce Wayne kid he
just got back in the town after being
overseas for 15 years
oh the Batman the kick crimes they said
it happened and what like two weeks
after he got back here that uh that wait
and Kitty did he get out his parents
money
yeah elleven oh he lives he lives up on
that big mansion up on the hill and that
by that cave that's full of bats weird I
can't figure it out
pretty sure people say the Punisher he
would die in battle he wouldn't last
that long one versus everyone he's
trying to got punished she tries to go
toe to toe
what do you mean he's walking into the
room with guns and if people can shoot
back at him yes he didn't die sooner or
later probably sooner than later
yes you know I think I think one of one
of the the most wonderful thing about
comic books or action movies is is and
it's something that's joked about often
the poor aim of all of the villains not
everyone has that poor of aim you know a
sturdy iron mace okay mace is a de TAC
mace my spear are the strongest cool
cool
there is a Punisher story that he made a
pact with the devil to not die in
Vietnam you've got many details wrong
for one it's vague enough where he's
probably just crazy and it wasn't the
devil it was deaf the implication being
that the Punisher is kind of like the
avatar of death oh okay
I just I do not give any shits about the
bottom I you Garth
don't say that unless you're rated Garth
eNOS is punished or Athena's Punisher he
did this this this fantastic secret
Punisher origin story just came out with
like a Vietnam comic book called born
that's all it was called okay and it
ended up being about The Punisher okay
see look here's another one of those
things
these are definitely something yep where
he the Punisher had become kind of you
know one of those internal and Chucky's
he liked he liked the war going on and
the war was war was coming to a close
and he wasn't wasn't that happy about it
that's one of the things that I like
most about the wait oh fuck about what
the way that they are preferring the
Punisher in season two of their day
which is he is on him and like oh sure
yellow and avenging my family garb eNOS
Garth eNOS makes a very strong point
that the death of his family really is
abuse yeah yeah I'm like Garth eNOS huh
and at the end of born even though like
like people on the military bases on
they're getting really kind of lazy the
war of winding down they don't think
anything's gonna happen things are gonna
be fine and then the Vietcong ends up
watching like a huge offensive and the
base just gets swarmed and this is when
the supposed to deal with death happens
and they at the start of the next
morning the Punisher is the lone
survivor of the battle everybody else is
dead
not what see that bullshit yeah Oh like
kill me okay Garth anuses Punisher huh
putting this right up on the next whoop
first of all fuck you a second of all
fuck you dude
the one the one I'm specifically talking
about it's just called born born if I
don't write this down I'm gonna forget
was the born comic canon canon doesn't
mean anything anymore canon canon is
never
beep boop boop boo boo I'm just I'm
writing this down
just right just right take your time
jack take your time
or search use comiXology cuz I like the
dual comments yeah who's your cheaper oh
there's so many comics it's called born
I really should have said Punisher born
there's so many comics called born
sure I should have been more specific
with my search
what I hate is born 2003 this one yeah
okay great
I got it gonna read me some Punisher
born rich says it's gonna be good no it
sounds like it's something I'd like wow
fuck you dicks rich bunch of dicks in
here video game enemies usually are
dicks right with my awesome spear oh I
didn't want to do that oh you dick rich
what is your favorite non-english movie
commando unfortunately her you get it we
get it talks kind of funny yeah I don't
swear same target hate them talk good
English uh I made a joke no I guess good
so getting back to whether or not you
can copyright a gameplay mechanic yep
like this isn't just gameplay mechanic
copy written I know this is everything
about the the souls born series just
flat just 2d mmm if anyone was gonna
bring this case to court it would be it
would be from top okay it's just
everything about the Souls game Masters
of the Universe they remember that to
steal the musical instrument their
musical instrument that moved that blob
dimensions that's fine it wasn't the
curtisha and it's fine without me
let you take a goblin man
I'll be doing that his stick spamming
the heavy attack is working that's how
you get through the early sections of
blood-borne losing a lot but Arabic that
was back what's going on D light cake
cuz it's funny
why is this game not in color it's a
very good question I think like it would
be really fun if it would just went full
like Wind Waker cel-shaded cartoon but
it was still basically the same game so
you had the enemies you know just died
this perfect one look you can be
desaturated but I don't think you need
to be quite this saturated fuck you
you're axe man fucking tree look we know
we know in this modern day and age color
won't go over with modern audiences any
color isn't realistic
yeah realism haha fuck yeah
so Richard just got next time to and I
was wondering what tips you might have
for bringing down Avatar project points
or whatever don't worry about him that
much I really really don't you get a lot
of opportunity to fix that once the
Avatar project good snippets max just
have one like one of those factory
things you can take down near you and
whenever whatever you go completely into
the read just take down a point or two
and don't worry about it again until
them the counter goes off that is solid
advice I got really worried the first
time like it's going up oh no it's going
up oh I don't know it's I got 20 hours I
got 20 20 20 days then take it down oh I
took it down yeah Oh oh-ho that's okay I
was close oh well we're off again oh no
I got 20 more days
find another base and take it down match
okay oh yeah that's the thing like even
when it goes full that's not the end
yeah after it goes full then you have
extra time to take it down
what fad or trend will you embarrass lis
obsessed if at one point in time I don't
know that that has ever happened with me
yeah yeah certainly not fashion like I
don't give any fucks about fashion like
you will you I will tell you this much
you will never find a picture of a young
rich Evans wearing parachute pants that
just does not exist never happened all
right you know I think that's really
good to know because everyone was
wondering yeah parachute pants there was
there was exactly one week's worth of
time in which I thought it would be a
super great idea to wear Genco jeans
what are those exactly not many people
will know what they are Jenko jeans were
something they were there there those
jeans that are incredibly wide like they
fit your waist and then they just flare
immediately and they were popular
amongst raver kids and I don't think I
was a raver kid but what about pogs
pause I second I heard about pokémon
yeah those are gonna be those are gonna
be gone a month now I just did not
understand the game
I didn't either like he hit him and then
you keep him can I just play jacks what
do you like marbles seems more
interesting yeah
he's lost a shit-ton of souls and I
never once seriously said phat with a pH
okay I've said it sarcastically sure my
mindset is pretty fast yeah sad poop
Jack fell down the hole I did fall down
the hole I was trying to get the
elevator to work and it wasn't working
and so I fell down the hole instead
which obviously was not a good idea
crossfire yeah you'll get caught up in
that everyone played crossfire
once exactly once zero times you please
press 3000 times you're missing out man
and you'll get caught up in though no
it's obvious it's like a stupid dumb
game but I do like everyone had a friend
who played crossfire hmm we're gonna
play key and you get and you play one
round and you be like wow this is design
and different good yeah
that's it things which Evans the man who
masturbated with bb-8 is fad proof the
one that wasn't EBA alright that was the
green r2 unit from the Phantom Menace
and and for second you can hardly call
that a fan masturbating with droids is
the number one fabric you started the
fat rich you start somebody somebody
legs in the crossfire commercial link to
that awesome piece of marketing
bitch gotcha oh you're right that was
the red one from the original Star Wars
I was thinking of us though cuz we have
both of the studio we got that green one
in the the r5 r5 yeah I didn't even pay
attention to which one it was look you
all love that bit much more than I did
uh-huh you're right it was the bad
motivator one we are five yeah yeah they
sitting on the same shelf as the green
one from from Phantom Menace

[Part III]
from from feta medicine yeah he'll like
this is here in the road for you friend
and the rivers every right the obvious
here is the daughter the castle oh well
shit up when deer for treasure what I
ignore you okay you wear bleeding hole
what who buys some Star Wars toys I bet
it's mike it's totally Mike it totally
Mike and only Mike the only adult toy
buying I ever got to do was the 25th
anniversary GI Joe toys I bought a lot
of those but I love GI Joe you didn't
buy the 25th anniversary of crossfire no
I did not buy the 25th anniversary of
crossfire you didn't get caught up in
the no i did not get into krabi i did
not get swept up in crossfire height
you all get caught up in huh I've got
like a bunch of different snake eyes
they come out with one let's what
looking better than the last one they
came out with come up with a new one oh
this one looks a lot better than the
last one they came out with that's great
I'm very happy that you're so excited
about snake eyes one of my favorite
fictional characters bizarrely
I'm sure some of that installed you but
no I really like snake eyes yeah I think
that's great snake eyes uses Thord yeah
but usually uses guns I just like the
character not even about the cord comic
book snake eyes man his weapon of choice
is the Uzi hahaha z 9 millimeter right
like she's okay with thorns in general
he's just didn't watch carefully on you
next time in fact normally when we play
a game I want to be the guy was a big
hammer and he wants to be the guy with
the 40 hey guys is a comp US military
combat veteran who also happens to have
some kind of Eastern ninja style
training it's the merger of both things
that make Snake Eyes special it's not
that he's a ninja it's the the commando
Park aspect is I think very important in
making snake eyes interesting
real fast I thought I could roll past
she snake eyes became a prominent
character because Larry Hammel the
writer was fun I don't think it had
anything do with big cheap to produce
I'm sure I'm sure were the early figure
she was because it was just all black
but I think Larry ham I just really like
the character even when they weren't
making Snake Eyes figures he was a big
part of the quality of the GI Joe comic
books would go up and down hadn't come
whether or not hasbro wanted him to
shield for some really stupid characters
only I like Larry Hammel when they did
tumor the GI Joe party moving I know
barely where apparently the real power
behind Cobra was an ancient race of like
mutant then and they were led by a guy
with like a giant snake body ok Larry
ham a straight up like refuges like they
wanted Cobra Commander's origin to be
that he was like ancient snake man who
had an experiment they gave him like a
face full of like eyes and that's why he
wears the mask larry Hama actually
killed off cobra commander and the comic
books rather than do that nice that's
what if i then previously little girls
like i said that
Hey look I'm doing sound design Wow are
you enjoying it again uh yeah yeah so
far so far I'm get a little tired of it
I mostly just because you know we've
been shooting over today a little tired
in general time is it is still early go
to the bathroom like pretty badly total
min so you know that's probably gonna
happen sooner rather than later did I
mail in for the fridge exclusive
character I should have genève Jen you
have no idea what I'm talking about do
you remember William the refrigerator
Perry from the Bears yeah yes very fat
man they made him a GI Joe it was a Mel
away exclusive get out it down no no
they did they did
that's really funny
he was part of the Super Bowl shuffle
yeah you know the Super Bowl shuffle
it's what all the kids are doing
yep I don't think about it all right
unless a nice bathroom break heavy have
a nice dump how good I'm gonna dump p or
whatever it is I don't give a shit I
literally don't give a shit you are I
get it or p whatever how's everyone
doing what's going on what's going up
male in and make your own jej oh god
what do they call that one it was kind
of a sham because that that Jojo just
was wearing a helmet and the only thing
that was personalized I believe is the
file card I didn't even I don't even
know if they had different skin colors
so like if you're you're you're you know
like like an african-american kid and
you ordered a wave the specialized
personalized GI Joe figure he'd probably
still had the wide skin which really
would have been a letdown it's going to
say the iron Grenadier Grenadier but
that was that is Destro's little side
organization
it's in a blue suit with a gold helmet
did he have exposed skin anywhere is the
question
my excited for the new predator movie by
shane black oh I'll tell you what I
actually hear and see things about it
the steam tips aren't coming through
because we're we're streaming from the
PlayStation 4 which kind of fucks with
everything this game is only currently
available on the PlayStation 4 we are
reading them all and chunks though so if
you are donating don't worry we'll will
read them actually we'll probably read
someone Jack comes back and do it but
the way the laptops hooked up it's all
the way over there and I'd be away from
the mic and you wouldn't hear me
I never liked Jojo there were too many
for me uh yeah but you didn't have to
play with them all you could just ignore
most of them in the comics actually lura
hey larry Hama actually killed off a
whole bunch of jobs because they're just
too fucking many of them he had one
storyline where I think he killed off
like 13 characters it was great
rich doesn't care about Star Wars Evans
whereas a star wars shirt as videos
constantly I've worn that shirt I think
it's been in like what three videos two
of them were because we filmed it on the
same day it's we bought it we bought
that shirt for work and it just made its
way into my rotation of shirts and it's
not like I hate Star Wars I'm not going
to like take it out of my rotation of
shirts out of some kind of bizarre spite
i mean i love i love the original movies
snake is my favorite character what was
the best vehicle sounds fond of just the
normal Jeep just because that fucking
toy was was sturdy as all hell I that
that thing lasted so long and it never
broke it was a high quality vehicle the
judge of vehicles I was commenting on
how fucking durable just did the normal
ass Jeep was yeah yeah
it was like one of the earliest things
that came out with a toy line and I I
owned it I you know right up until I
stopped playing with toys and it had
never never right I could have one crack
in one crack nice we've missed some tips
ya know I figured we'd get it when you
came back as you're right by those your
mic and the Tartan says his rich a the
Batman vs Superman have the bag was one
of the funniest episodes ever I did a
huge spit-take when Mike pulled out the
shotgun and said so here's how it's
gonna go down fucking great like that
I'm I can't wait to watch it what bad
trend were oh we we talked about that
already rich Batman killing nearly every
single criminal he comes into contact
with in Batman V Superman seem to make
sense with this version of Batman in the
midst of his psychological breakdowns
another Dark Knight Returns I want to
comment about Batman murdering okay jack
yes what is your favorite live-action
batman dark knight probably the dark man
but like lay actor portrayal not moving
Christian Bale 00 actors yeah trying it
Oh Batman like I still want to say i
want to say original batman keaton
keaton most people would say keaton
right I fan the fans like Keaton I think
it's a general rule I think it depending
on Angel a lot of people like bail he
murdered constantly did he yes oh it's
been so long since I've seen him okay uh
Keaton's Batman right when he remember
when he blows up the ACE chemical
factory yeah it's full of joke retention
at the end she's flat-out targeting the
Joker with the machine guns on the
batplane ok he fires missiles at
different flow that's filled with the
Joker's henchmen uh-huh he flat-out
throws a couple guys down the bell tower
at the very end and then he murders the
Joker mmm has a blatant he blatantly
murders the Joker when he shoots the
grappling hook to the the gargoyle and
so he could fall to his death Batman
Returns
he murders a clown by burning them to
death with the exhaust from the
Batmobile so he burned somebody to death
and then he shoves a time bomb down a
different clown's pants Keaton's Batman
murdered as casually and as often as you
know what I have a bigger problem with
the fact that you used a gun dude
hahahahahahaha yeah I mean it just seems
it seems so like casual well so generic
I want I get you know a gun killed his
parents and that's a fine thing yeah but
if you if you have a bad man who kills
Anna Batman who's willing to use guns
really you should use them all the time
he should operate like The Punisher does
at that point agreed it doesn't make any
sense from Nevada developing something
like a Batarang when you could just have
like a couple of whose ease all right so
any more tips uh probably oh ok we will
get to who s as a beer who will play
space cop and detective Ted Cooper in
the sexy gritty action reboot who would
you want to see play space cop a
detective Cooper in the zack snyder sexy
gritty realistic me and my co i'll take
that money for that project i spent 100
loads always on crap right yeah there's
some me okay okay great rich Evans it is
I like that this evidence to work in a
sexy gritty reboot I can see that Keaton
was a good Bruce Wayne but not Batman in
my opinion says student anyone I will
agree but I want to point out the heat
was greatly limited with that costume
where he couldn't move his fucking home
and even with the limited costume I felt
like his Batman did some stuff and I've
always felt stiff to me I hated that
costume it looks terrible looking at it
in hindsight it looks like it's made out
of cheap rubber you know what here's the
real thing is I really need to rewatch
rewatch that you this amazing how crap
that suit looks
i guess that i just can't go that way
the story okay oh yeah let's see here
what is the worst movement in filmmaking
history and why is it dogma 65 the worst
movement in cinema history was when they
discovered the tripod early CGI and then
they've gotten better with it and not
using it wrong you're more likely to see
CGI movie with story elements yeah but
when they first discovered CGI's I got
fuck it we can do anything who cares
about story just let the monster run
around
early CGI like Jurassic Park you know
they made a lot of movies after Jurassic
Park that you CGI and Jurassic Park here
I'll tell you why Jurassic Park is a
good early CGI movie because Spielberg
was still filming it like with practical
effects in mind and it also had a lot of
practical effects yeah most of the
effects actually are practical most of
them there's only like a few shots that
are CGI since today is Easter says
anonymous what is your favorite video
game easter egg I never really thought
about it there you go what's yours oh so
you know there's just so many there's
just so many strings I was always amused
by peoples I mean I was never one of
them people who hunted through san
andreas to find Bigfoot because they
thought Bigfoot was in san andreas GTA
san andreas you'd have you have hold
videos on youtube people just wandering
around for hours trying to find the
Bigfoot that's great
nowadays they just data mind the game
wow if you look in the code here you can
you can tell the day there's no assets
for a Bigfoot care that's no fun that's
no fun fucking dicks now that is what it
dicks there's something over here I
think this is something we can talk
about still being in the spoiler free
territory Batman V Superman um Batman
branding cuz we saw that the trailer
it's mightor enough I don't mind talking
about it but I do yeah we can save it to
that's fine then I go ahead huh it is
very my onion your writers it is
borderline it's borderline but i think
it was in the trailer I'm not sure I'm
not sure either yeah fucking obliterated
um ok so in the movie I I want to say
this is spoiler free mmm if you if you
want to know nothing about Batman vs
Superman then then stop listening hmm
but I'm gonna stay away from major story
spoilers this isn't gonna be like a I am
your father live right but in the movie
Batman brands the criminals that he
captures with like a red hot bat brain
and so he scars them with a little
batman logo to tell all the people like
I'm the Batman and I defeated this
feeling and they just wonder what we
think about it it's fine as if a man who
has no problem with killing yeah
branding what's that it's it's a little
like my instinct says it's like it's
sick is what it is well this is heavy
this is heavy metal batman exactly
except that was gonna be my exactly yeah
but this this Batman has no problem with
being six I see that the people in here
like the shopkeepers I'm a bat came in
with me and the shopkeepers want to
fight it okay I look at that blood
splatter
um jig and leg 35 says jiggly I don't
believe it was all criminals it was only
like really really bad criminals so he
he murders the not so bad ones and he
brands the horrible ones what a jerk you
do the backwards man kind of his huge
dick head they even say in the movie
that it was a death sentence in prison
to have a Batman Brandon why I want to
know why why would they care like oh man
you gotta hit by the Batman to all man
that sucks didn't it that you know that
didn't make any sense you're right where
it's just like yeah I got beat by like
the guy who's like super strong and
beats everybody until it took a super
most toughest man to bring me down
goddammit that's what you say honestly
that be like like a brand of honor I
mean I think it's weird it's again it's
it just boils down to its the Batman
like we've talked about like every
character in the movie kind of being
unlikable yeah and it's you know
Batman's unlike born he's appropriately
unlikable Batman's a broody jerk uh-huh
that's like that's like this is Batman
other than the having possibly some
issues with murder which I don't that
much was like I said Keaton's Batman
murder all the time yeah I have an issue
with the method the guns but otherwise
fine Batman very fine Batman if I did a
great job yeah i agree with that i think
a flock did a great job i really wish
there was a better story I ish well they
bothered to write a story for Superman
at all that's what I wish or and you
know I wish they bothered to write in
motivation for Lex Luthor yeah that
would be nice that would be really nice
and and why the fuck do ms de cuz that
was awful we're gonna need a guy monster
reason I'm being anal about spoilers
chance only if its opening weekend yeah
I'm assuming some people might want to
see it who haven't seen it yet yeah and
they might give us someone might give a
shit well I don't want to be at blatant
asshole we're trying to be respectful
and we have already warned that we are
doing the super spoiler scream on
Wednesday anyway seven know what we're
gonna talk about it where did nothing
out tonight
all right all right
so weightless Luther isn't jealous of
Superman's power there's no hint that
that's what his issues is but here if
you're making that assumption is because
you read the comic books there's no hint
of that in the film correct there's not
one mention of that in a film this is
not an implication there's not a clue
nope quince Omni X says it's horribly
disrespectful to let people waste their
time and money on this pseudo film what
this is just sadly this is just one of
those movies you have to see this is
because it's Batman and Superman you
don't really have to see it but they
people will anyway mm-hmm heard that why
is it two of you rush out to this turbo
living when you haven't seen Deadpool I
really need to see daredevil I the
Deadpool but I don't wanna sit alone
Karen's other Thomas errands always out
of town I need to get her come up here
fucking permanently yeah that's a
different thing all right I don't want
to go see it alone I didn't end up
seeing up with Mike and Jay when they
saw for the review yeah but I want to
see I really want to see it and you know
for me it's some friends were going and
that's why I want to go and I said sure
yeah I saw it because of the real I was
it was business exactly and you know if
friendswood said hey you want to go see
Deadpool I would have fun time to do
that what a dick
I mean I mean you're already too late if
you want to hurt the movie financially
it's already made its money I'm sure
they're happy with the 400 million
dollar opening worldwide weekend oh yeah
it's not going to top Deadpool but I'm
sure they're still happy with it I don't
know I don't know if it will change
their universe plans in any way I don't
but they're there they're not crying
about the bank the movies made know
already yeah the movie has made its
money back already good job movie you
you did it I forgot afraid i forget what
buttons i was and i have not seen
Zootopia the reason I haven't seen it is
because that movies got the stench of
furry just all over it going to see that
really would just make me feel dirty
yeah figure would I might be watching
the movie and I think you know
somebody's at home jerking off thinking
about this and that would just kill them
for me someone if somebody's jerking off
of that rabbit that's bummer i moping
around right now yeah that's happening
yeah and that's the thing i don't care
of it you don't want a part of anyone
being on my part but no thank you you
want George yourself off I'm thinking
about a cartoon rabbit my way all right
each their own as long as it doesn't
bother me as long as you like you know
break into my house to do it so as long
as you don't break into my house while
wearing a giant rabbit costume yeah you
do you man yeah food full-body rabbit
costume but you're still wearing like
like like a bra and panties over that or
something
criminy criminy all mini
well I have these bags of salt pouch of
Saul 20 you do pouch of salt
people are jacking off to Batman vs
Superman right now know that that movie
is way too depressing to wank too if you
could wank to that I think that would be
an accomplishment over anything else
help me find serial killers do you know
spumoni what's the movie with the guy
was a giant rabbit as an imaginary
friend Harvey Harvey Harvey good ol Ari
that's skill
tu tu tu tutitu tu tu du du du du du du
du du wow it is skill tree like that man
fucked up thanks super last stuff you
know no I'm staying in it's like it's
like well I'd this all this stuff get
here what ya know
Darren's
so do it goes more strength or do I go
more dexterity ah that bad bad let the
bed bear okay cool strength I don't know
fun specialized Jack specialized
specialized yeah specialized it is rich
and jacked you know about Star Wars road
one what no what does that I've heard of
that what does that start worse no idea
no idea if we're gonna have a flood of
people who don't get them kidding I can
only assume because I'm waiting I'm
looking at the chat i'm waiting for the
whole scroll of explanations the one
sort of Star Wars movies to give 11 to
have the guy who didn't play it oh my
god also the early set pictures of the
show that it's going to use this to
Rogen airplane and they're good i have a
glazier oscillator the answers I just
don't care hey go oh I'll see a trailer
maybe it'll look good I don't why bother
me i am familiar with the quest for
glory serious it's another Sarah
adventure game uh-huh I don't know if
we'll ever play it because there is a
lot of potential grinding in home even
if you're not fighting monster there's
grinding the level different stats so I
don't know that it would make for the
best stream as much as I actually do
like the games especially the second one
which I think my favorite of the Sierra
adventure games I think the fourth
what's actually important click that I
white yeah
well there you go but probably not just
because of the grinding planning about
grinding during this game look for one
ya know our adventure games of all but
us doing funny voices and being a few
funny boys here and there I wanna
grinding to get to the next section
three years more funny voices I just
want to get to the power they use the
funny voices and I don't have enough
sneak power you sneak through this cave
oh my god we got sneak around just of
town until another five hours before we
can do that
I don't think I've been grinding in this
game Alvin Fox's rich Evans like
something yes something I like lined up
with something you want so only now do
you realize that there are things i like
it finally happened oh good I kind of a
believer Richards is like the likeness
like oh okay ah fuck you know soon
anyone you were not the only one that
found the lease quest to ending
extremely disappointed right sweets that
we thought we had a few more streams in
us yeah it just ended uh areas gonna
shoot at you Oh
what
okay thanks creepy skeleton now that I
saw that I hate everything it said I'm
very discriminating in my tastes uh-huh
so you hate everything ooh I hate
everything yes like everything I've
heard you say that before they do you
hate everything spacequest too soon ah
maybe sure why not you know you look at
sunny buns with your face quest though
oh that's true that's true sunny bonds I
like that space quest that was a fun
that was a fun romp that's space quest I
dug it
I beg it almost as much as that big this
mace why and how did you become a cynic
rich because I'm not gullible yeah but I
like was there was there a pretty was
there was there something in particular
and then I'm just naturally stuff with
her yeah yeah way they ran away just do
roger wilco with bonds voice all that
would not fit at all Roger that's the
gender from space plus its main
character oh oh he's a doofus not a
fascist not a mostly racist fetch right
I'm cynical because I'm I'm smart smart
people realize how horrible the world is
there's a reason geniuses are very
unhappy people
right now calling myself and I didn't
want to say anything but no no that's
really exactly what you just did I'm
saying is people smarter than me very
are really really miserable there we go
now we're talking
Jack smash skeleton do to do squat out
of that you did it do hello
do-do-do-do-do-do-do did you get that
city do well settle the fuck down I did
it everything's fine everything's fine
you gotta look out for these traps
though this is this game is a lot trap
more trap heavy seas rope mmm my feet
don't trip on that rope okay someone on
the chat is saying other than characters
on this game just look at
the character design is incredibly ugly
the main character design the thing you
are looking at for most of the game is
the ugliest thing I've ever come across
I hate these do the big eyes and the
nose thing I hate it look at him look at
him as a fucking I'll go look at
everybody look at it look at that guy
yeah fucking ugh oh yeah the world's
fine the monsters are all right they
look like you like abe's oddysee and
then he looked just like those guys more
or less only with clothing is big alien
thing this is big alien thing I got a
rounder face maybe it looks cuter hey
you know maybe that's it it just doesn't
fit ok yeah I don't like it run away
from me wolf that's natural rich is
still in this way for quite
sometimes when we be reviewing doom for
it comes up not entirely sure we'll
review it and doesn't wanna play it
though oh yeah well priced remit little
excited I might be good may be fun good
be on them anything anything's possible
right enjoy I enjoy your older school
first-person shooters your older school
didn't play like an old school shooter
came in that bag can't be that bad and
also for those of you asking about
stardew valley we just film the
discussion about it today yep it's true
so depending on Mike & J scheduled
either later this week or early next
week depending on not want to drink that
I as fan of the older harvest moon games
take that as you will and I've never I
haven't played much of any of these
kinds of games hey you like doom brisa
don't bash for rich stop bashing you
soon for another game I just said I'm
telling for a little bit yeah stop would
you stop bashing it I said one negative
thing by the III of your like I didn't
like some of the character design and I
don't but that alone doesn't mean I
think it's gonna be a terrible game but
would you stop backing it because really
it shows your buyers your marvel bias is
showing I hate everyone I would
wish you would I wish you would just
give it a chance I hate did he trip the
crap he can jump it jump superdome what
with the delay i'm assuming they said
that before what I talked about do
before I don't know said what oh that
I'm kind of looking forward to it Oh
there's space brain if so what did I
think about it you talking about the
warhammer what is pretty k right game
that space marine yeah it's been years
since I've played it at this point uh
everything is all right I'm everything
it was kind of lame that the ending was
just a quick time battle boss fight
that's right yep they go
heard it here first folks all right
Japan congratulations for getting here
to your first live stream with us
welcome hope it's not too boring and
awful yeah we're gonna do entertain the
fuck out of you is what rich is meaning
to say she's gonna be so fucking
entertained you won't even know a guy
I'm gonna I two minutes I have too many
salt souls right now selfie souls I
gotta go back and I'll up just mr.
glitch says there was a germ of a good
game console I'll shoot I'm gonna it
scrolled up I'm gonna fry paraphrase
okay trying to get out of doom 3
something about eventually they made
quake 4 right I'd agree i think quake 4
is the game that doom 3 should have been
okay well there you go
how come the things I like don't come
what you mean I hate everything nothing
things I like don't count um because uh
oh I know why why I know why someone was
explaining this to me on Twitter yeah
someone I made a really mean-spirited
tweet about Batman vs Superman and I guy
was getting a lot of lash it from yeah
people like Batman Superman and someone
someone said paraphrasing the majority
of people really liked Batman vs
Superman and so I replied with a
statistic widely available then it has a
currently a 30-percent rating on rotten
tomatoes yeah just like 30 but maybe not
a lot of people like it may be some
people like it and they got back to me
and they said that's the critic rating
who are snobs and don't read comic books
and so the things you like you like
because you're a snob rich and so it
doesn't count it's not that it's not
every man yeah cuz you're gonna hear
your stuff you don't be comic books
you're not a comic book fan but this is
what I'm sayin rich I think you're a
snob and you only like snobby thing I
heard something interesting about the
general audience rating yeah it was at a
hundred and twenty like audience rating
votes before the movie came out and at
like 80-something percent now it's at
like a hundred and sixty audience
ratings and it's down to 70 whatever
percent so many man-hours been inflated
and wrong in the first place could be
could be I know like I've been seeing a
lot of talk about the exit polls and it
got a B or something like that they
asked audience members exactly what they
think about it right when the movie gets
out yeah and it got a B but and I'm
still looking into exactly what this
means apparently every single movie gets
an A
oh yeah or an A+ that people just saw
they paid to see it's a coming weekend
every single movie gets an a so the fact
that it got a B is like a huge indicator
and how much people like our apathetic
or dislike it huh yeah I didn't quite
understand what that meant if anyone has
a an article that explains that a little
more in depth that would be great but
fourth
two points of strength
the word thorn thorn thorn thorn thorn I
like thorn definitely doesn't deserve a
29 maybe like a 60 or something I would
say it's better of Man of Steel but it
it's better than awful it's still kind
of bad yeah what percentage of score is
a decent Batman worth because that's all
you're really getting out of it that's
all I'm really getting knotted there's a
Superman they really don't have any
great idea what they're doing with that
character uh-huh it's impossible to like
or root for that character or sympathize
or anything really then they keep
shoving a creepy god thing down your
throat Oh God incessantly with like with
the god thing settle down get it but
yeah you got to keep mine the way Rotten
Tomatoes calculates that percentage it's
not what they thought of the movie it's
the percentage of credit critics who
would put that movie over sixty percent
so you could have you know all of the
critics rate that movie as like as is 15
and the rottens made a scar would be
zero percent that yep because every
reviewer had an under that sixty percent
oh okay with it yeah I get it I believe
that's how it works I couldn't be wrong
that's entirely the earlier that the
whole whole Christianity angle makes
more sense to the airline for I thought
about it event yeah this Superman as God
makes a lot more sense is cuz you know
you save a few people that pray but no
you casually kill thousands you're
listening some of you ever known onion
you pray don't they'll come down I'll
take a cat out of a tree and then he
flies to the building that's full of
people hey
we care about humanity all that much
we're sinners in supermans eyes we're
not really worthy of Big say but
sometimes he'll do it anyway oh sure
yeah sure if he's not doing anything
else if he's got nothing else better
than its G that Jesus allegory I thought
about it makes perfect sense what is
this oh I notice something else that
just made me gag what they released the
movie three days before easter fuck off
I don't I don't know I don't know what
that I mean I don't know if that was
intentional
we have a couple tips that we've missed
but snir must roll of says have you have
any of you played the 2005 Punisher pc
game made by Voltron don't have not
motion made by volition it had a really
fun battle mechanic I have not have none
ha where I maybe we'll look into that as
a well look into that and play that
during our seas daredevil season through
discussion I'm nodding as if we're on
cam reaches down with that idea that's
great oh thank you orange stray cat then
I don't want to take out I don't want to
take out there because I'd like minded
my lady my lovely lady lumps my lovely
lady loves okay let's see here if you
could insert a single rubber duck into
any moment in history can't be like a
giant
overnight cuz I haven't totally put like
a rubber giant rubber duck on the
Titanic people somebody gives peoples of
the latch on you well that'd be very
nice yeah no I think it's just an over
like a product in having your bathroom
how would you put it you can it can
instantly appear anywhere in history
here's here's what I would just
instantly appear it would instantly
appear you could you get you can choose
an exact moment I'm for insistent
instantly people where I think on on l
ron Hubbard's deathbed would really fuck
with people just a rubber duck appeared
like on his forehead like the second he
died I'm going off to sanity this means
something maybe he was right I was I was
gonna I was gonna use all this
Scientology bullshit make a big scale
out of it but maybe he was right that's
pretty good okay first I would have
fixed some fast drying glue to the
bottom of it uh-huh and then I would
make it appear on Hitler's head right
before one of his films speeches okay so
he is giving an impassioned speech and
he has a rubber duck attached to his
head but then they wouldn't use that
footage Oh could I also make it
disappear no did he give any public
speeches like promise yeah plenty like
something where his cameras weren't
recording it
that's what I'd go for something like
something he didn't have control over
where he was giving a speech it was it
was filmed fuck you game fucking Tramp
fucking what is this the rubber duck on
the moon right as Armstrong took his
first step that would really fuck with
you manatee yes yes one small step for
man what uh you simply have a problem
he's uh I'm just really not sure what's
going on here you see duck with Nick
found on the moon there's very little
epic wouldn't him feel through a giant
space bull my brother would we could
traveler the moon dust and winning note
was there and everything what squeak all
the air out of the wooden resold to be
flat oh maybe you should I get a hit 311
Wow fuck you
that's very satisfying murdering people
like that in such a way any instant
Voltron Jack the GoBot urban vermin is
asking if we have any interest in
Voltron like Voltron them I think
they're making a new one or something
and that I'd not particularly no wait no
hate either just it no no feeling
whatsoever yeah I think I've been a
pretty strong proponent of the Power
Rangers but I mostly like them because
because of the man in the cardboard suit
cheapest i loved what i love that the
copepod you guys know what go bot is go
bot there's a thing that the
transformers are ripping off the gobots
came off first I want to say that's true
button I'm usually wrong major
differences the gobots football match
box car sized cetera yeah and did they
find out a matchbox car sighs thing yeah
that's awesome
you go see you well I'll fuck I forgot
about the fucking ramp fucking fuck

[Part IV]
fucking fuck transformers came first in
Japan oh who gives a fuck rich rich and
check out for family fun time is this
game still as boring as it was an hour
ago I'm rather enjoying this dick well
Jack enjoy his game people I'm enjoying
it I I could see how it might be boring
to you something uh look the only things
you like our FTL and FTL uh-huh uh-huh
so what's the problem so why aren't we
playing FDL something actually that I've
just noticed that I think is very very
strange is there's no soundtrack there's
no music to this game and I find that to
be very strange
it
there's no soundtrack to this game
desperately needs a soundtrack mmm death
burglar XCOM to know people complained
about XCOM 2 whatever some playing over
the ex-cop to as far as games that we
played that Allah it's true right in a
row and I don't know but you know what
that was that's what we were playing
rich really liked it that's what we were
playing and I like that that's what we
were playing cuz we were also you know
doing this for the show but you know you
get you get I could stream dead rising
but really after my perfect no death
from there's nowhere to go but down
that's true really true just wondering
if I can parry that goes but
so this game is basically Dark Souls
combined with Metroidvania absolutely
absolutely that's exactly what it is and
beyond the incredibly and ridiculously
ugly art style it's it's I mean it's all
dark soul isn't cousin dark souls
already Metroidvania no this is dark
souls a Metroidvania style game I
believe no metroid vania has to be too
deep I i would assume so okay as the
original Metroid and Castlevania games
are 2d side-scrollers I don't I mean I
don't know if it happen if they have to
be I've never been
ah dog I guess you know what rich is
trying to make a clarification on what
is metro station I just weird to call it
the Dark Souls / Metroidvania inspired
when it's dark souls is already let
their thing because then it's just dark
souls inspired as semantics little
semantics but I think that's an
important it's an important to mention i
I'm gonna say though that in order to be
a Metroidvania game huh you need to be a
2d side scroller I will disagree I think
I'll disagree that it's whatever its
semantics because the the real idea of
the Metroidvania games is exploration ya
like like blood-borne and opening up new
paths with new equipment right that's a
big Metroid well let's measure it they
may be not a castlevania castlevania is
about just leveling up mmm like
blood-borne no I like the semantics I
like this I'm trying to give you an
answer in the final hack i saw i knew i
knew i remembered
dark souls needs guacamelee whoo-hoo
said that I said that I like incredible
no oh you horrible eyes sometimes have
trouble reading like colorful like like
great fun big big fat man eight seven
threes what that looks like to my eyes
but I could easily be wrong like green
and white you know what rich I was ready
to give me okay yeah no no and like
taking credit for other people show us
wrong just guess when you're basically
to do Dark Souls no no I mean you know
dark souls I think the dark so the souls
born blood games have this very specific
dodge roll counter mechanic all right
there fighting right some and that is
something that metro video games don't
have dodge roll and kemper that ugly-ass
counter an invasion look at how ugly is
faces rich look at how ugly his ahead
you Pippin face look at you you did that
you did that thing that thing is you
it's ready ready I'm gonna get you what
I want to know is I know if you had
picked the lizard person yeah would all
the other people you run into what they
be able to people wonder too yeah that's
a fair question right how am I going
what am i doing
have any new subs or new web donations
possibly not Superman Jack another x-ray
vision I have x-ray vision in the desire
to crush a human skull oh that's right
actually we have a bunch more I just
forgot to keep reading what did you hate
until you actually tried it James
spinach
interesting yeah love spinach there's
good news it's great you something
heroes were weird your had one yeah
heroes you also pronounce it eros that's
prep for way from 10 you're right 0 how
do you say you know yeah you know it
sounds like you're saying a different
than I'm saying how do you think I'm
saying it euro euro euro euro euro like
no it's not it's not it's not a European
currency I know it's supposed to be gyro
no that's not how it's supposed to be
they come from the same root word Alton
Brown did whole thing on it yeah yeah
because it comes from meat that spins I
know I've at the evil place i ate at ya
the foreign people behind the counter
printed me instead it was ye bro gyro
when I tried to order a gyro he's not a
gyro oh well they told me though was
hero
Jack I'm wrong guy row oh I like guy
room it's guy rose cuz it spins on the
steak that's right that's right that's
that's according to Alton Brown it's
supposed to be called a jet like you
know guy okay but uh no they wanted to
call something different for some reason
I don't know why I'm gonna remember this
trap descent these are trap
I love pushing things with my main
switch much good mommies I think XCOM
the classic XCOM is a game I would have
poo pooed before I actually played it
turn Bay that sounds boring and I played
it all right that's interesting I guess
I didn't play that for years until the
controversy about the reboot I think
that's really interesting like I
remember seeing the ads for what on the
cover I think that adds in like the
sci-fi channel forex com okay it didn't
look interesting hey that and master of
variety i think the advertised bolt sure
this counter system is fucking awesome
for when you deal with those types of
enemies gotta love rich and Jack setting
themselves up for our internet ridicule
keep it wrong guys but also keep it
classy says Pizza train 11 that's what
we're doing we're here for we're here to
keep everything classy I don't know what
you're talking about cuz I'm saying here
oh right how can we fix this how can we
find out the truth a great man told the
college a year old so I'm gonna call
hero
huh
I mean you know that's that's that I
think that's fair the foreign man told
me to felt like this on the entrusted
for managers it's a funky Dino's fanatic
rich what did you name your farm I'm
starting back ah what do you think I
named my phone Oh what would you add
that's a good question that's a good
question Chet what do you think I'd name
my farm in stardew valley what do you
mean earth ah because i was recording
gameplay footage I just named a prereq
farms okay i named my farm harvest moon
harvest moon farm that is a durable rich
because i was playing star to valley it
wasn't redundant that's great
traitor that's great I really like that
that's adorable and again they happy I
got to get thornridge yeah I thought
like I said a mega spatula I'm mega
special I got big at the Ford that I
can't use and I don't know why I can't
use it but doesn't matter because i got
my fucking you guys mace trap I see that
trap I'm prepared for that trap fuckin
hell game get it together oh ok
listening
so yeah I'm prereq farms and I don't
neither rich in our I in time for we we
were hoping to get at least a full year
before the review but both of us are in
late winter yeah so it enough I know I'm
about 30 hours into it how far our view
our wise but like clothes for 35 okay
somewhere in five
you
Oh
still figuring this game out does the
farm game have an ending no I don't
believe it does just one of those go to
go to you good go to you good man you do
you
kind of want to update my pan but it's
just grossly grossly underpowered now
compared to my mace Thank You makes one
fuck yeah can i upgrade it again fuck
yeah I can ah so ah fuck yeah sergeant
baby it has a special event in year
three that's effectively the end yeah
but I don't think you have to stop
playing though I don't let it yeah I
just don't know I just don't know and
yeah i saw the shrine thing I got with
her I got where they were going with
that I know you're talking about try
thing I saw it I know I'm hip I'm hip in
him down and I speak the lingo I speak
the lingo of the kids rich mmm which
doesn't like farming in game but he
likes harvesting what you mean grinding
cuz no I don't like grinding slowing
down an action game but when I'm playing
a farming game yes I literally like
farming which isn't the same thing as
like what are you talking about it's
quite possible rich that they were being
funny okay because if not that would be
incredibly silly
I'm go I'm going to assume fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck I'm never surprised
though I mean I've heard some fucked up
shit in my time uh-huh I mean I want to
assume that I've done being funny yeah
only because I want to believe in the
best of people lucky dick dick dick dick
dick dick one not now rich oh no golem
oh yeah for anyone who didn't see the
the new half in the bag is out half in
the bag manis manis of Steel is out you
should go watch it a little bit i saw
seem very fun i'm excited to watch more
that's not bad yeah that's what you can
ever be doing a stagger and or like if
you dodge if you uh huh what uh what do
you call that riposte replay if you
repost correctly you can do that and
just murder them and the family mud of
them end a family don't know what hit
them all that yeah I'll have fun stuff
the lamentations of the women and okay
another light green name at a white
background was it the master of two
thousand what does that say Jack rich
the bastard went down toward the entire
film the stuff is gold yeah he really
record me we snug window we snuck in a
little tiny reporter on my jacket pocket
with a little Mike coming up laughs bike
I don't know tell Larry we don't want a
non-stop laughter I mean obviously be
able to use the stuff right shuffle
right most of the movie is quite dour to
the point where they're big no point
releasing the full footage of it's not
like it's not like the movie has a lap
tried a few times
hit any recording device illegal I don't
know about illegal I don't think you can
throw you in jail for that I'm probably
be willing to three out of it Peter um
it's it's illegal I wonder if an audio
recording device is illegal in a theater
how would I be illegal I stagnant it's
really just illegal to try to sell a
bootleg copy and that's totally not what
we're doing with it so yeah yeah I think
you're in the clear that trap this game
makes me like splattering like all the
blood fan
fucked up right there this gesture is
having fun I'm glad I am I enjoyed
myself this is neat mito game I'm dying
a lot but you know that's what happens
I'm getting a little fatigued we also
getting a little late and so you know
right now I can make it too much further
and I just wish I could change what
every person looks like try can you send
multiple saints I wonder
and game
jack is jacked on Easter candy I have
not eaten any Easter candy and I have a
shitton Easter candy at my house rich
what are some technology thought was a
terrible idea ended up being a smashing
success Twitter I have no fucking idea
what people get about Twitter why they
want to use Twitter what they see in it
no idea yeah this is but it was at
extreme narcissism but what do you get
out of following its information or
entertainment there's better places to
get information that is I mean that's
not true like Twitter is instant twitter
is instant update so this is a facebook
update only this is not a character
limit my guess it's different things but
Facebook is all cluttered twitter is
getting all cluttered too oh man more
tips I'm sorry everybody about missing
all of your tips by the way
tired and sad says do you guys think
zack snyder is capable of making a good
movie if the script was also good all of
his films seem to have terrible scripts
300 was alright but is this the faults
of the director the three hundreds all
right yeah 3 was alright even there were
some even like good parts of his walking
dead did 30 days no uh don't want Dawn
of the Dead remake ozo who's who was 30
days at night not the reason I was the
other zombie one the zombie it's not
anyone that didn't have zombies the rage
Diaries six days into the six-day 77
days what the fuck was that cold yeah 30
days later 28 days 28 days later 28 days
later that wasn't I'm thinking I'm
thinking of was that 30 days and led the
vampire one getting crossed with it so
300 was alright but it what that was
style over substance that was like the
one the store was so simple what's the
story than 300 these dudes beat up the
other dude yeah that's it yeah and so it
was his style that carried yes that very
very simple scripts and even his Dawn of
the Dead remake which I didn't fully
care for it had some neat ideas I never
stopped because I hate fast zombies okay
that's fair that's fair um so I i do
believe he is capable of making a good
movie I and I don't know what it what
his thing is he's he's so into the
studio system that he just can't he just
can't I would like to see him make a
Batman movie with Ben Affleck yeah with
a different writer I would like to see
that I would give that a chance I would
give that a serious chance
I believe you can't have multiple layers
and so you want to see what happens if
we chat i did not like return to the
living dead just looking out luckily
this person is totally gonna make storm
i thought we're going with an entirely
different yeah skin type here well well
then you choose where they're from oh
yeah i never get this oh that's
interesting i don't i don't hate this
character design I know you do you don't
it's fine rich don't be gross so are we
going a little different or are we going
like full different full different okay
here we go we're making we're making a
green or charcoal charcoal Morlock storm
Rick popper you're going to be a pupper
or a hunter whatever you want or a
hunter I don't be a hunter cuz then I
don't get you your awesome haircut
innate what kind of like hunters oh how
do you get a whip ya will give hunter
troy hunter but the chef kicking ass
right now we're just trying to see if
the other people look like different if
you pick a different looking care of ya
and I get to keep the chef save yeah it
looked like there are multiple save
slots and so bay all we're all we're
wondering is if we choose a different
race everyone is that grace which i
think is a fair question
you should make that character on
another account so you guys can coat you
can co-op
and now that I know what's up with the
game rich did you know that one of the
animators from the Batman from batman
the animated series storyboarded the
batman action scenes are there other
than the Superman fight which is comical
I actually liked the Batman action scene
so ah that makes sense you Bruce Timm
and so are they
it looks like all the Pirates here
Daily wave river the jack man is playing
is Jack and playing the game again we're
testing a theory we're just testing a
theory settle down settle down rich has
a theory about people's skin color in
the game and it's a theory that we would
like to why did you phrase it that way
why would you theory about people's skin
color is that's the correct way yeah I
look at Cthulhu monster that's fun
so this is the fight we were supposed to
lose not to the Pirates are here mm-hmm
ok so now
is anyone else like a horrible monster
like the person we r is the question if
we like sharp teeth no more of a monster
he has a beard it's hard to tell oh I
did something yep I did that the names
of you should stop playing with your art
was so glad I know there are games I
stop playing because the art was so bad
there are games I never played at all
does the art style was so bad mm-hmm I I
initially like I stayed away from
spelunky for a long time because the art
looks like weird and cartoony I was like
oh that's not going to be a game I want
to play as it turns out it was nina it's
one of my favorite games and so I've
learned my lesson because of games like
spelunky and was the other game that i
was playing recently Oh motherfucker I
played ice cream a couple times where
you steal stuff oh you're you're you're
a thief yeah yeah the somethings the
swindle the swindle this window also has
a really Jenky art style but I enjoy the
game on so this art Sally I really
dislike but i'm not i'm not ready to
just you know call it off I think I'll
wait do I have I know I don't have any
I think everybody just know i think that
it just me the skin color thing I need
an artifact the artifact is what is what
brings the people is what brings all the
boys to the yard so Steve the time thief
came out it looks acceptable oh and
actually I think I think the fact that
thief uses lots of darkness just by you
know its nature that gave it a lot of
the longevity the graphics a lot of a
lot of acceptability with a black penis
when when everything is so fucking dark
I don't know what I couldn't see it my
thing at the time it came out it's just
a little little bit substandard I want
of it yeah no look good first time
especially especially because the you
said dark a lot of good use of color and
darkness at the character models like
they don't even have gnosis oh really
well I'm just really old no people
hanging by the way this time there are
people hanging up here hmm I need to
just quickly find an artifact
i think is near the beginning
this game needs like a really silly tube
annoys when you die Wow thief mix up for
models in environment and sound very
much so very very much so
yeah yeah beef hey Rio stock market like
it's not even a recent thing there was a
thief mod that I used that the place the
character models in the first game
character models from the second game so
you could play thief one with people who
actually had noses was it up it wasn't a
huge improvement no so here's the huge
the answer if you're a horrible monster
person the people in the game okay
remain the same okay also possibly
racist hi great I'm done all right I
know I haven't been standing up I'm sure
I'm gonna stand up in a moment feel a
little bit like average hmm let's go out
go through our tips if we have any have
you guys watched pee-wee's big holiday
it's pretty sweet but definitely makes
me but definitely misses danny elfman
score the the netflix original pee-wee
Herman movie I didn't because it looked
like it had a high potential to just be
like sad now just depressing and sad
like oh this is what it's come to I've
heard good thing yeah Jay really liked
it okay if I if I remember correctly I
remember Jake tweeting positive things
it looked like it looked like a high
potential for all people just look so
old and this is just not working it's
it's a desperate attempt to recapture
something that's gone and oh it makes me
cry that's what i thought i was gonna
get with the trim that was a pee-wee
Herman movie yeah so the big holiday
yeah and I just haven't got around to it
only because i'm still trying to fucking
catch up on daredevil and everything
and everything so now if I hit continue
should my game should be there yes okay
great lately a lot of my free time just
been star to valley right exactly we
also had a game to play people ask why I
don't play this or that or watch this
revenge sometimes things you got do so
many things so many things nobody
there's so many things mr. glitch hey
guys I humbly suggest to Star Control to
for a future stream it's full of
opportunities for your delightful voice
acting skills to shine and it's free you
fucks start control too I will add it to
the list mr. glitch tired and sad says
if the DC movie universe is misguided
tone and direction are its biggest
problem miss Connie yes yes yes and
promise of trying to make everything
Batman yes the end and like not only
everything Batman but they're also like
front loading this movie with every
wonder where the flower everything oh my
god and I think this just flat-out
contradiction when it comes to Superman
these portrayed then like a grim
horrible murderous way yet parts of
sometimes the script still wants to act
like he's a virtuous hero that we're
supposed to root for when you don't get
that from watching the movie at all like
at all no that never comes across
what would be so to finish the question
tired said what would be your biggest
criticism of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe films in general I you know
what tired said that is a good question
that's a good question as a universe
it's fine it actually it's a it's a
cohesive functional universe I don't
have any criticisms criticisms of the
universe yet I've been like lukewarm are
not into a lot of the movies that have
come out for it I mean you can call us a
marvel fan boy but you know say i loved
i remem one iron meant to us yeah I i
actually do love iron man 3 captain
america one I hated you hated I hated
camera bonhams the movie has no idea
what it's doing in the second half has a
great origin and then and I could touch
it let's go in the face when they crash
I don't know terrible ending yeah before
both doors Ian anything Bobby distant
second one well there cuz i'm such a
marvel fan boy yeah you are no no no the
avengers was great fun the first
Avengers great fun the second one yeah
yeah so it's not like it's not like I'm
sucking the marvel cinematic universe is
cock here yeah but it is what it needs
to be
the you know I think the the faults the
problem with the Marvel Cinematic
Universe is the same reason why they're
successful which is it's a it's a
heavily producer driven universe all
right like Marvel has control over
everything and that's everything from
agents of shield to daredevil to jessica
jones to Captain America everything they
have final say on everything you know
why that's appropriate the Marvel
Universe was always at its best when
there was a strong editor behind it the
gym shoe tears work fucking great than
the years when they had editor-in-chief
by committee Oh everything was terrible
yes and so they have a strong vision for
their University but I think that also
hurts them you look at something like
ant-man which is a pretty sub-par move
haven't even seen it though they go like
and I like Paul Rudd and a lot of the
action sequences were really cool and MN
but overall pretty sub-par that's began
it's because they were like lunging
forward after a strong director left and
they replace them with an all right
director and it's it's an alright movie
but I think like their biggest strength
is also their biggest weakness which is
not to say it's a huge weakness like
they've created a cohesive universe but
I think they can that steamrolls some of
the creativity okay that could exist
makeup if that makes any sense
ya nah makes us I would have loved to
see an Edgar right-hand man that would
have been a fun time it yeah but it
might not totally a fit in but the
universe plans exactly it wouldn't
totally fit it yeah why he didn't do it
yeah you know and so that is my biggest
criticism but I mean I overall I like it
I like the universe it's fun
I thought it was subpar I want to
rewatch it I want to rewatch a man
because I only saw it once in the
theaters huh and I want to give it a
second try right now you can't rent it
digitally you can only buy it and I
don't want to watch it again for twenty
bucks that's that's my feeling on
ant-man I think I think one of the
biggest problems with the DC grimdark
plan is well grimmond dark might work
for like a movie or a character that's
gonna be a miserable fucking universe
could you imagine no I can't I don't
want to chin every fucking like the
reason the flash TV show is so
successful it's cuz it's light-hearted
you got like they joke around about like
the characters names that's great and
that's what people want like how you run
around real fast let's have some fun
with that let's have let's have a flash
movie where he's a miserable cunt Oh
speed speed is the only way I can run
away from my demons I the demons that
haunt me are they gonna call to the DC
Comics Cinematic Universe is it gonna be
the DCCC you just let the spit take
happen jack just let the spit take have
a big drink of water and rope said that
that's great the DCC you that's great
I I I do I wish Marvel would have let
Edgar Wright finish a man but Edgar I
wanted to do things that Marvel didn't
want to do it didn't fit in with their
producer driven direction and they have
the right to do that because they have
the money they paid Edgar Wright said so
they can tell them what to do that's how
it works but
he runs so fast that he smashes into a
little boy and gore him across seven
counties Oh what I have to live with
that now what kind of hero am I uh I
guess I'll run really fast again any
case and any case hey oh yeah yeah we'll
get you know what will get in tomorrow
this on Wednesday when we have our
spoiler if 'ok conversation any any
last-minute donations here this guy
determine direction was our last okay so
okay move it over to the big screen hey
almost i can see part of it oh my god
there we go saved row 18 months in a row
fruit by the magician it's fish buzz 15
months in a row sausage toes 15 months
enroll mall rat Cole 18 months road
labella leg 21 fucking manzana wrong
it's a train oh god you're doing the
kiss at the end I stepped over i didn't
know you're doing that it's a spice and
calm I got it scrolled we met we're
gonna miss people we need to scroll back
up yeah no I know
No
Oh
hold on
let's try yeah Pizza train 11 14 months
in a row uh collecting data 13 months in
a row mikasa neck hard tree focker
welcome Longshanks 1 14 months in a row
one small bow frosty snooze 20 fucking
months in a row spynet 315 welcome spine
it subscribes to hack frogs you know
what I think at one point we were all
just a goo baby Goku baby hi Bella a
Michelle 87 I got a right this time nice
it's nice is great now 19 months in a
row loner arch on 19 homes in a row kid
you'd be 8th my brother yeah that was
good thank you that's a good Russian
rich all Russian from now on space camo
19 months in a row
comically small skeleton little tiny
tiny man skeleton um guitars oh gay teen
I'm sorry oh my god I wasn't reading
craigory guitars Oh 13 months in a row
thank you gay for Jack hey someone's
happy about me Lando was taken 18 months
in a row Quinn sob knock 19 months in a
row crocodile brain 17 months in a row
mokey be it 521 fucking months in a row
Harry fed 14 months in a row that's all
right i don't think you fare with them
then we put it we make a feminine tough
group a cinema nah nah I've in the
Martinez offa I mean the man Michael fit
women thought Qin a feminine feminine
post-conversion token oh just
remembering how much I enjoyed that last
time Dima dove I wait Demidov yes
Demidov I 15 months in a row knowledge
junky old beat 16 months in her 00 beat
way better than that young Pete he's a
fuckin young beats a straight up dick so
energetic paki make making mistakes it's
like it's like we're all tired okay
young peed settle the fuck down okay
just wants to die right and we liked
that about him because he's a cock too
and stir hobbles I'm sorry stir horrible
stumble how I got at least arms thank
you clapping for subscribing with vivica
Fayed that's true another earthly
effeminate man what a feminine feminine
a cinnamon cinnamon toast crunch I know
you gotta hit the end button I oh you
don't know no I gotta hit this end
button oh wow like I hit the send button
and then we have to say it stopped right
oh my god
