Sep 18, 2016
Sir, You Are Being Hunted
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/94323059
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/94326654
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/94512401
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_GBWUMSbD0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie88vqpBKZ0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBaVY4nnFZE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/777599937248845826

[Part I]
all right so what was the original plan
today uh we we were planning on
streaming more Phoenix right until like
literally ten minutes ago in which we we
recently put in a new hard drive here in
the streaming computer and we keep
forgetting to bring stuff over one of
the things well it's not entirely our
fault because this is this is completely
reasonable you bought you want that
capture card yet it specially installed
by someone we're really added with a in
Japan Japan okay
they they they install the capture card
into the 3ds yeah and even though
presumably you would still need the
hardware to run the software they've got
that fucking software on fucking lock
down and hidden and it's like a some
kind of weird fucking paranoia they've
got going on with that 3d s software
that you need the hardware to run we
cannot find a downloadable link to the
very specific 3d s video capture comm
software to capture to capture Phoenix
right to put on this computer because
when they sent me the 3ds with the
capture card installed they literally
sent me a piece of paper with a URL
written on it not an email not anything
that I can duplicate we just we just
spent the last half an hour scouring
both the internet and both of our email
inboxes yep for Old Mill and there is no
trace of this URL anywhere to be found
on the Internet and so and so we're
gonna play sir you are being hunted
which is a game which is a
three-year-old game that I I finally get
to play now that I have a nice computer
I've been wanting to play this game for
three years you need a nice computer to
play this well it didn't run Mac for a
while okay okay and so no and so their
end and we didn't break we haven't
brought over the overlay and we're gonna
pissy mood so I don't feel like being on
camera so there's no there's no camera
and there's no overlay so it's just the
game because this put us in a pissy mood
I'm in a pissy mood because I'm working
on a getting an old computer that can
run the sims 3 ready for Karen yeah and
the old computer I got ahold of that
case was was cracked okay and so I you
know I bought our new case and I went to
decorate it okay I thought y'all give
her a cute case like purple let's paint
some shit on there they're gonna paint
the case I don't know what the hell went
wrong I didn't clean it right or
something but but the first coat of
purple on that looked okay needed a
second coat I put the second coat on I
don't know why the second coat went on
like a blotchy mess oh so I've spent the
last two days trying to scrape the
fucking paint off this PC case so I
could try again
hmm hmm well yes cyborg wolf that what
the plan was to keep or was for me to
grab all of the overlay stuff and put it
on a thumb drive and bring bring it over
here but you know life gets in the way
sometimes the best laid plan laid plans
yeah go to foam roll mountain yeah
change it up a little bit eh Castle yeah
that's good so sir you are being hunted
is a game that I want to talk about for
previously recorded this game I don't
want to talk about for previously the
reason I wanted to talk about this is I
wanted to have us play a couple quick
games again yeah so we could so we could
get a couple quick episodes in it's a
game I've been wanting to play for a
long time it is a stealth survival game
that is procedurally generated it's a
it's a crappy horror game without the
horror elements it's got some half-ass
stealth it's got some really annoying
find the hidden things in the world
element I can't stand that oh I love
that oh I fucking hate wandering around
aimlessly hoping you find the vital
mission items oh oh joy that's what
makes it fun for me is that you don't
get them I hate that you have to find
they don't have to give
a fucking arrow marker but give me a
general idea of what I need to do where
I need to go
yeah but they they give you that stumble
around do you find the thing is not my
idea they do fun they have the wisps
that kind of points you in the direction
and they have the smoke in the distance
they I've seen wish float around the
middle of a goddamn field yeah and they
head towards the thing I believe I think
they do Italy's I have no idea so in any
case oh yeah beefcake by the way your
twat sure for the second time at exactly
the seven minute mark the Twatter goes
red and disconnects automatically did we
accidentally chain some kind of weird
setting in there I'm sitting I'm sitting
it up new fry read downloading it for
the laptop I didn't I just downloaded
him oh you did okay well sorry I just
downloaded it to the laptop
see I'm pissy because I have to repaint
a case that I've been scraping paint off
on for the last two days Jack's pissy
because I don't like sir you're being
hunted or that's not missing Jack's not
pissy I'm the pissy one today Jack's
covering for me because I'm in a pissy
burger dreamer TK we know it drew Takei
it's not that capture program that
capture program at where are you sorry
dreamer dreamer DK DK that cat 3ds
capture program does not work well with
my capture card the capture card I
bought it at my site was 3ds video
capture calm and we can't find a
download link from there we found that
one ride that one it didn't seem to be
working yeah it's not for us it didn't
work for us at the moment so oh my god
in the game Rich's in the game oh crap
and I forgot to turn
the tip alert Iran have yep we're having
but we're having problems we're still
we're still here we're fine everything's
gonna be fine get those bandages get
that uh I apparently have a higher
standard for problems than you do this
is for fine everything's fine oh I got
17 remaining parts on the machine Oh God
oh yeah the first ones a gimme but yeah
this kills the game randomly walk around
until you maybe stumble on the things
and that's I hate that I hate that so
much that's what makes it fun that's a
game killer oh you're crazy okay we do
have a couple tips this new subscriber
says there was a glitch on Wednesday so
many subscribers did not get a shout-out
here is the list of those who were
missed is that that was their glitch we
we did the subs thing yep exactly hey
Dante Doomsday's so many problems just
like the glory days of prereq absolutely
also health games should avoid doing
open-world crap unless it's like Metal
Gear Solid fan painting with a give you
a fucking like horse you can run around
on but like walking slowly throughout
giant open world bad idea you don't have
to walk slowly I don't want to get
spotted by the thing exact well you it's
risk reward man risk reward well just in
case we missed you mister glitch for 22
fucking months in a row
Kroenke sloshed from ducks tails for 23
fucking months in a row Len flack
ocinski dr. gunther hooter hanker yeah
Saffy ran for 20 fucking months in a row
Svengoolie what side you can't run
around jack you can run around just fine
in the old world well did you look
around for right there near the starting
area just spawned oh god I hate this
game
Sven Ghoulie dark-matter oz Mike Master
Kenobi diarrhea deadlift and Incan Z
sorry if we missed you I don't remember
a couple of those names very sorry if we
missed you
why no face cams because we're in a
slightly pissy mood and we don't feel
like being on camera so what's my plan I
don't wander around because I might
stumble on one of the things I need to
find that's my plan the plan you know
you you know you the the reason I'm into
this game so far is you have to be slow
and methodical and take your time and
constantly look over your shoulder I
actually feel anxious walking around in
this game
unlike most survival horror games I feel
more anxious in this than I did in Soma
or whatever because soul is a non game
death death is real in this needs story
elements non game
for soba yeah what is this game called
it is called sir you are being hunted
sir I hate that you can't explore the
buildings - yeah I mean that's you know
technical limitations
you know what would be really nice not
necessarily exploring the buildings but
just having a place to hide having
another place to hide yeah nice yeah a
nice element to the game oh it's not in
the game it's fine
keeps the pace up keeps the pace up
let's see here
where were we wonk squonk 182 says jack
is slowly becoming my new favorite
person in part to hit due to his musical
tastes revealed laugh stream do you have
any suggestions for math rock bands no
not besides coheed and cambria
I do not I did I have been listening to
someone pointed me to last week pointed
me to a rock band called dead Sarah they
are not mathy at all they're just very
straightforward rock and roll with a
female lead singer who fucking whales
she rips she rips like like crucial
taunt she's great slightly different who
acts yeah a square if you try to
actually get close to use it you'll just
get fucked up well you got you know I
got dodging weave dodging weave dead
yeah I think it's called dead Sarah but
it's Sarah SAR a dead Sarah and why are
you not giving me the highlight stuff no
what
the butt though there we go it wasn't
doing this before oh okay Oh
dubious roast beef I have never gotten a
roast beef before by the way they're
already used for the frigging dubious
items no like like the dubious mushrooms
will give you vitality back but then the
screen I'll get all wobbly wobbly
because you took mushrooms so like those
I'll usually eat because they won't hurt
me but I'll just stand still for a
little bit while I go all wobbly wobbly
nice
where were we anonymous there's a fun
new game out on Steam it's called the
Delta the Delta grow brothers it takes
place in the Ides of August in the year
1800 you to our fans of Barry lid oh he
does several voices I don't know who
Barry lid Barry lid that sounds like a
like a made-up name but you know what I
will I will go over to Steam right now
on my cellular phone and put that on a
list of games that I should look at the
Dell tag borough brothers house a very
led spelled Barry like Barry L ID okay
it's pretty straightforward there yeah
Dell tag
burro tell tag burro brothers
dehl tag I'm not seeing it hold on I'm
not seeing it it's all fine so yeah
every once in a while you don't you
don't get a map to start off the game
which I know rich says he doesn't like I
actually really like it what they do
have the wisps that kind of head in the
direction of important stuff you don't
you don't need to give me like a heads
up display that pins point pinpoints
exactly where I am at all time but give
me a map let me have some vague idea of
where I'm going you can't you can find a
map yeah Matt you know like that's you
can find a map in the world but I I
prefer it this way you're plumped down
dumb random plotting around and you just
have to well you have your binoculars
and so every once in a while you have to
check the distance and see if you see
white smoke because white smoke is there
that's where all the artifacts have been
white bloomin smoke and you just look
around you search you actually explore
you look for look for robots see if you
see any wisps it's real exploration
nothing here no I actually my
playthrough I'm on right now I found a
little doohickey that uh yeah that like
one of the characters starts off with
that oh it's got shit range oh he's got
shit range but it's really helpful I
found one in the house those are creepy
oh yeah those are fun little robot arms
that so you can get grabbed by those oh
I also presume I stay away from them I
stay away from them dr. Harry Lime says
I'm enjoying elite dangerous it's like
what it was on the c64 but all shiny
what are your thoughts on elite or
similarly explore II space games like
space games elite dangerous seems like a
neat space sim I played it a little bit
I really need to get more time with it
sooner or later okay but right now I'm
shackled to sir you are being hunted
we're gonna record this episode
and then we're gonna we have like a deer
that stepped into a bear trap we have
two games that I want us to play and
we're gonna record both episodes on the
same day so I can just work on editing
and then you can have all sorts of all
sorts of free time to play whatever the
fuck you on my jump button also doing
toggle debug I don't know rich I don't
know the game does not have any there's
no in-game like music but you should be
hearing some light footsteps but it's
it's very minimal sound design because
you can hear the robots when they come
and attack you
every when they're close to you you can
hear them Ribbit's sir you are boring
the chat well-nigh don't care cinnamon
deal with it let's see where were we
Zac swags is rich you liked Mass Effect
how was your first suicide mission can
you if you can remember damn good yeah
yeah who died half the crew know ideally
dallied a little bit too much before the
suicide mission other than that it went
flawless picked the right people for the
right mission I see alone he looks be
alone he also looks to be stuck so you
might be able to accent motherfucker
every time I try this 30 of them pop out
got dodging we even you gotta hit him
twice he only has two bullets before you
realize I know how to murder something
with an axe hey I'm just I'm just
letting you know I'm just letting you
know as soon as Richard's done with this
I will ask him to write a rest of your
nice rich that'll be useful later if you
get a working gun is your Shepherd
generally Paragon or asshole
mostly Paragon a little bit of mix mmm
the big decisions are usually Paragon
okay with some minor asshole array here
and there I don't like someone I'll tell
them to fuck off asshole or when it's
when it's in character yep okay that's
great twitches compression is
annihilating the game I believe that and
yeah it there there is day and night in
the game and so when it gets dark it's
probably gonna look pretty dark for you
guys the one the one that gave me the
most pause mass effect was whether or
not to kill the last wreak knife and
well know how with a major consequences
involved with that word that changed a
lot in Mass Effect 3 did it no no it
didn't
rich what says this time is lupus I saw
some sort of George Lucas video why why
why why
lol scarf my spinach did George Lucas
released some sort of online video today
yeah Oh weird yeah how strange
wasted on our site oddly enough that you
know what I I think that means he's
that's an olive branch
I wanted you guys to exclusively cater
tis gotta face slightly out of context
and it's befuddling to people it's
befuddling to me I'll tell you that okay
am I supposed to know the context or our
people supposed to know the country not
okay it's very strange
but fine
the these small personal films that
George Lucas has been dying to make for
years uh-huh salad unboxing videos oh is
that what the joke was supposed to be
it's gonna be a part of something else
okay well you're probably not gonna see
anywhere near the whole thing yeah but
I'm just I'm basically right now I don't
know what that I'm shamelessly wandering
around yeah hoping I find a smoke thing
that's not I could be maybe I should be
going east I don't know I'll fundable
well like where okay so like where did
you start from make it make it so your
cursor face okay so you started
southeast so yeah the head and head
north just walk around explorer
motherfucker this is I'm just walking
through the woods slowly yes
Oh God look there's a shit you can look
at a shit great you know what I'm gonna
find in there what junk maybe you find a
gun maybe you'll find a bloody Bob maybe
you'll find a map an indirection
caesarian fart says congrats on getting
old whore gay to come film his salad
unboxing videos in the rlm studio what
was it like meeting the man himself
did he ask any of you guys to come help
with his small personal films well that
was a small personal fitness obvious in
that video it was not obvious in that
video
I get it that it's Oh blunderbuss uh
apparently oh yeah you can always drop
it later I'm probably gonna have to and
anonymous says Jack I saw Kubo in part
based on your recommendations and it was
one of the most beautiful movies I've
ever seen this year great animation
fantastic music thanks for help you're
welcome it is it's truly truly a
beautiful movie like I've said over and
over the story is so simple that there
are some points that you kind of just
roll your eyes because it's a very very
simple story but it's so worth it just
to see the animation and the imagination
of the storytelling it's beautiful glad
you liked it
Kubo and the two strings carry Lasher
says george lucas explains the project
mentioned the other night rich Evans he
explained it where do you explain that
I'm sorry George Lucas explains the
project mentioned the other night rich
Evans I don't know what that means
Carrie and I'm very very sorry I'm just
gonna say yep yep great great
great
there's a problem there's a wispy
there's also a robot we have to be very
sneaky because there's a boba
that's probably at least three there's
two over by the gizmo yeah there's
always two by the gizmo not always yeah
really I've always found that there's
too bad a gizmo yep Oh every game is
different
where you go
have I ever watched an unboxing video
for anything
probably like way back in the day you
know like before before there wasn't
just an unboxing for everything I was
curious about those fancy zone of the
enders action figures they had yeah and
I think I watched an unboxing video
though it's just a good idea what they
were like oh sure like probably you know
one of the early iPhones
I saw an unboxing cuz I didn't have one
and just wanted to see what one looked
like and that was early internet day so
I probably have I don't watch them
regularly you know it's nice and a
stealth game completely random patrol
patterns those are just great it kind of
makes it real rich
I want a game I watched every unboxing
for every Apple product ever and not
every one but I do I there are certain
things that like the Pat like for Apple
products the packaging is part of the
experience and so I could see someone
being really into Apple unboxing videos
you know
some lioness some ham so you got a lot
of food man I don't I never get this
much food do these driver names look
from it went for your software for the
capture
let me see sorry Jen
let me see what we got here serious
desperate I know no when I was just I
was I was playing some more on the crop
ELO's with with her the other night
pretty good we made it pretty far and I
was I really like the new Brut character
he's just he's a big dumb guy you know I
move slowly and I like that but uh see
you like big dumb guys like big dumb
guys unfortunately we we met some
untimely deaths that's the way of life
that's the way of life that's the way in
Acropolis and you know I know I was
excited to play more feedings right - I
brought the 3ds it's right here in front
of me charging maybe these are in in 3's
view I that might be it and sorry
I do I like big dumb guys but uh I will
we'll try those out after the stream
I'll try downloading those here and see
if that works
search engine search and says I emailed
that katsu Kitty regarding the download
link because I almost got pissy and you
won't like me when I'm fizzy
determination Thank You Cerie I'm sure I
even kept that piece of paper just for
this situation button we'll find it
those those links do look correct no Oh
bother it's not that one the website I
got it at is 3ds video capture comm and
we searched long and hard for for a
download link and we could not find it
oh thank you dreamer TK I will check
that that email when I get home
anonymous nope
how about gamer child you case is hijack
and rich saw Blair Witch with friends
last night if you're expecting an Oscar
Best Picture you'll be disappointed a
decent horror flick during Halloween
season
it'll be okay do you see have you seen
the first player which are you don't
give a shit you don't give a shit Fon
fledge movie ok I liked the first player
which I have no plans on seeing the new
one because like I'm not a huge fan of
Blair Witch where I feel like I need to
see a new one but that's just me ok an
anonymous has weird question
I am not sure if anyone at rlm is
colorblind rich are you aware of anyone
at rlm being color blind they are it's a
mystery to me I've ever heard it okay
that's that is the answer to your
question Skulltula houses Jack didn't
you stream the unboxing of your 150
dollar xbox a one controller well I
showed you the box of it that wasn't an
unboxing video I like the box of it are
you going after
oh I see what you're doing you beam I'll
sneak if I'd
you know for fuck's sake that's alright
just running hide don't give up
but I do I did like the box of the Xbox
one what like the box of the Xbox one
elite controller they they put you know
it's an expensive controller and I liked
it that they put some thought into the
box like the box is a neat box it's one
of those box where you think twice about
throwing away oh it is a nice box let's
see here where are we
it's all good fiddles fiddlesticks
Fiddler's again hi jack
rich what Mad Max fury OSA prequel has
been announced thoughts that'll be a Mad
Max for OSA prequel great Miller is said
to be directing okay that's great he he
did a great job with that fury road by
the way don't mind the haters play
whatever you want you're great
cheers from Croatia Europe I want to
perfect my Orcs Must Die Ron oh yeah
well you know what
after how about it we'll give this an
hour and if you if you're still if
you're still feeling pissy you can
perfect your Orcs Must I run oh and
other people are saying it hasn't been
announced it's rumored that's fine
rumored announced we're all just having
a great time old hand saw hi guys any
thoughts on the Mad Max black and chrome
edition no I never even heard of it so
oh it looks like it's a black and white
version oh man you know Miller has a
hard-on for it does really visual
storytelling minimal whatever sure yeah
also lol fuck my fat folds No
I refuse you can't make to it no that's
fair no that's fair uh yeah I probably
you know I've already seen the movie it
wouldn't do much for me artistically to
see it in black and white so this is the
area I looted before I have no fucking
idea possibly yeah I mean yeah you're
heading back to if you're heading back
towards maybe I had a map if you're
heading back towards the thing this is
probably the area that you looted before
what is that I was a bird oh it's a bird
Oh anonymous Jack you like hip-hop are
you familiar familiar with run the
jewels if not check them out they are
great I think you'll enjoy them
okay anonymous I will I will
I do like hip-hop and I will check out
run the jewels do I have an idea how
many parts are on each individual island
or is that all exploration to a Dalek
spa
oh what a bunch of shit you just know
how many you know you need you know this
you know this kind of crap is where you
gotta find all the things it's like it's
like turning losing your car keys to do
a game well wait wait wait stop save
your progress while you there or else
when you die you'll have to refine that
one piece this game is like losing your
car keys Oh terrible it's fine that's
the way I went before I don't know I
think you went north before god I'm
pretty sure you went north please have a
drink your dry lips feel like they're
licking my ears right before you say
things I'm very sorry I am a little
dehydrated I will get some water so many
robots rich
I did I biked I biked here today so I'm
a little dehydrated
as it's lovely weather for biking okay
where were we
where were we where were we dr. Harry
Lime says have you seen the awesome
Thrilla tude of The Wicker Man no
thoughts I saw it once a while ago on
cable so I know it's suppose it's one of
those like notorious Nicolas Cage you
know it's the real thing
oh there's an original that I haven't
seen that's a beloved classic oh is it
yeah oh well then there you go then
there you go
what's your favorite movie that other
people think is poo okay not a favorite
of mine but I know I am usually the one
that will defend Independence Day it's
just like Independence Day is a you know
schlocky action movie I can I can get
behind it and other people you know
think it's garbage I it's not a gun nice
it's not a favorite of mine button but I
like it
welcome to earth I can get down I can
get down with that right
let's take the food though it's like you
don't really need to worry about it now
but yeah if you do if you want to grab
like just in case it's another bigger
shard sometimes the shards are only one
square big that's only happen like once
oh yeah yeah on the street I can't read
that because robots give your story that
you can't read right which whatever ah
let's see here uh unit six or three it
says hi rich and Jake modern movies have
finally broken me I've been burned too
many times and too cynical to want to
even try to watch movies any suggestions
lol fornicate my gentleman's sausage Mad
Max was fine a lot of the Marvel movies
are okay some are great they're fine
yeah it'll just give you more bullets if
you drag the gun in yeah yeah yeah yeah
go see Mad Max fury road that's a great
one
see creed if you have if you if you are
a fan of any of the Rocky movies and if
you haven't seen all the Rocky movies
watch all the Rocky movies and then
watch Creed yes this isn't like the late
90s there are good movies out there yeah
it took that a while to think in the
late nineties mid to late there's some
crap this the initial CGI flood where
they did not care at all about anything
because that CGI
oh yeah and you might not which to your
revolver and reload if you haven't no
you do oh my god you have so much ammo
yeah I don't think I've ever had that
much ammo ever fact scrap the
blunderbuss yeah yeah you don't have a
shotgun either but but you know I was
just gonna say you can get a shotgun
really easily and I got so many revolver
bullets
yeah you're fine you're fine I know I'm
really excited I have yet to see it but
I I've heard great things about the nice
guys Shane Black unfortunately I didn't
get around to seeing it this week like I
had planned I've heard really great
things about both pop star a Lonely
Island movie and Keano the key and Peele
and the key and Peele movie if you like
comedies I was planning on watching all
those movies this weekend never got
around to it to wish it never Vittorio
only to randomly hope we stumble across
one of the things again mm-hmm that's so
much I thought games had finally gotten
behind you know walk around and collect
the things my least favorite thing in
any game ever
uh-huh find 100 hidden widgets well
there's a little more to the game than
find 100 hidden widgets no there's 17
there's 17 widget I guess that's
progress and and a nice atmosphere and a
nice game play to make you feel like
there are bones stealth it's bare bones
stuff but it makes you feel like every
widget gotten is earned I think so at
least I could play in Deus Ex
I got a probably this because we got to
talk about you probably don't have your
save file with you on Deus Ex either
that's what I want to I want to start a
new file in that anyway one time I want
time to get into that and I want to play
it on stream sorry everyone but I'm not
playing that on stream when I play it
that's just for you yeah
there's a little wispy did Jack make
this game die I have been enjoying the
game it's also for me this has been a
game that I have owned for three years
black spoke that's just a that's a fire
and sometimes you'll get raw meat and
then you can light a fire with matches
and cook your raw meat but then it or
you could just light it and it will
attract every robot to the fire as a
distraction if you have matches so like
for me this is a game that I wasn't able
to play three years ago when it came out
because it wasn't available on Mac yet
and so as I as I have my new computer
I'm looking through my massive steam
inventory and I see this game I go oh
that's right this is a game that I just
want to play and rich and I need to film
an episode I bet we can get it you know
getting a good idea of this game in not
40 hours in under 40 hours so we can get
a couple quick episodes done and I think
we'll be able to uh let's see here boom
ba-doom ba-doom anonymous says Jack I
don't know how you ever managed to pop
in on the rlm subreddit with all the
weird shit that is said about you guys
it must be a real trip I don't generally
pop by usually I'll only go by the
subreddit if someone mentions my user
name you know someone will say hey hey
user harlech there's a question that you
might be able to answer and then I'll
pop in that thread but it's I don't just
go to the rlm subreddit to see what you
guys are saying about us that would be
weird
yeah I feel but sometimes there's like a
weird like a technical question like
yeah what kind of what kind of
microphones do they use on our lab I
think you know I think Jack I'll know
this and then oh yeah I know what
I know what's going on I can help you
with that query 40 hours walking around
hope I'll stumble on the shit well
there's a whisper resurrection there's a
wispy I'm not convinced they lead you to
anything I is you know what I that is
true that is an assumption on my part
that the wisps lead you to something I
don't know
anonymous what our favorite nes games
y'all thanks crocodile brain you guys
Rock classic NES diehards and highly
underrated nes game diehard diehard I
never pick it out it's a top-down
shooter but there is you can't see our
blackened off oh there's precisely 30
odd terrorists you kill them all one by
one
uh-huh it's it's great okay
I'll believe you hi streets you minor
things to affect the story like you can
you can follow the events of the movie
or you can not throw the c4 down the
elevator shaft you can you can not do
that it's interesting okay I believe you
because very nonlinear front NES game
town but you know screw that I need to
find I need to randomly run across the
fragments that are hidden throughout the
world and I have to search for them
which means walk around aimlessly
frustratedly trying to find the widgets
or you can go to the boat and go to a
different Island if you feel like it and
I'd rather clear them all off one by one
but then again I have no idea how many
are on this island
I'm sure that's that's game Goods
exploration that's it's frustrating it's
annoying
that's where I started from oh great
well great we accidentally ended up
right back from where we started from Oh
God
oh I think that might be it Oh bother
that was the same link Sarah Chen sent
us earlier to like I said after after
the stream we will download that and try
it to make sure we are ready to go and
next stream for some for some hot and
steamy 3ds action alright we're gonna
follow this wisp yeah see where it takes
you oh there's another voice heading
that direction - alright alright what
are you guys going in fact they're just
randomly going about no I think you have
to assume that they serve a purpose to
detect you if the light flies crossed
you when it's dark out that's gonna be
my guest that would be terrible
something I've seen yet I don't know
these buildings all look the same it's
hard to tell where you start at oh boy
you've better haven't been I think
that's a fair that's a fair complaint in
the in the world where you have no map
everything does look the same some more
some more markers you know some more
location markers would be look the wisps
have led you to a plume of white smoke
gray just this guy you know so Jack
don't make rich play this game he's
already in a bad mood get this man a
birthday cake soda and some doom we're
all out of birthday cake soda
unfortunately still thinking about a new
jack and rich show did I tell you that
idea you've told me about something
while ago I forgot it was specifically
you know what I pitched it to rich and
saying it out loud kind of unsold me on
the idea I think I don't remember what
it was the idea was was steam roulette
oh yeah and basically it would doesn't
I'm different enough for first four
hours of it exactly and saying it out
loud to rich it kind of convinced me of
that so the the idea of steam roulette
would be you know they they have
software where you can sign in from your
steam profile and it will just pick a
game at random for you no matter what
game we land on we play an hour of it
and chat about it like we've said it
wouldn't be very different from first
four hours of to me it would it would
just get us to play more games which
would be very nice but
funhouse already does it oh and other
people are to do it apparently so yeah
it was an idea the the idea didn't land
so we probably weren't gonna do it
anyway but maybe we can do that for
streams sometime a steam roulette stream
sure I need to make inventory space well
you lose an alarm clock because I only
assume you'll use one of those the
bottom of the inventory rich says how
many gems are on each island - alright
oh look at that I like that then I made
this game slightly better thank you
whoever said that I'm sorry your name
has scrolled up yeah
maybe that's something we'll do on
stream is just like a steam roulette
night where we'll give each game an hour
no matter what we land on we'll give it
an hour wish I had a vague idea what the
what size it would be the hearing radius
yeah they should hear it from there I'd
assume you assume yes you're wrong most
of the time
where are we
Cameron Mitchell says hey Jack did you
finish shovel knight' plague of shadows
I know it plays weird at first but once
you get used to plague Knight it's great
also don't forget to close that fucking
door
I didn't only because they just it's
just reused levels with well what the
fuck man if what it's weird huh hope
he's coming back
well that was ass yeah I get a bandage
oh yeah yeah that was as rich where was
I
oh yeah I didn't I didn't played much of
it be only because it's the exact same
levels with just a different character
so I didn't really care that much I
thought it was gonna be kind of new
levels and new things so no I did not I
did not play much of plague of shadows
gamer child do cases hijack and rich
Evans
hello
last dream I commented on seeing Jack
with hair recently watched a video with
rich Evans Mike and Jay circa from
censored names channel rich you were
looking good thanks I'm glad I look like
shit now Jane make a man feel good damn
hammer cap says yo use this towards your
spooky October fun ever play Shadows of
the Damned should I know it's a suit of
51 game oh and it's a big in what is
that one two three four oh you have
space for it no you don't
but you can
boom
boom
so how does help go up how does that
work what do you mean you know always
slowly go back up I believe it has
something to do with your vitality well
I believe if your vitality is under a
certain amount your health won't go up
any more okay so like if it's under 50
it won't rise above 50 or something like
you know I I don't know exactly how it
works but I do think that uh I was at a
point where my vitality was really low
and my health was really low and it
wasn't raising so I don't know exactly
I'm looking forward to a spooky October
fun - we're gonna do some board game
streams some spooky board game streams
it's gonna be great we're gonna have a
great time and everybody's gonna
everybody's gonna love it except for the
people who don't they're gonna hate it
Oh Roberts robots - you're right not
that much right by the tree no here
now run uh where were we
where were we this time it's super
subtract I also like Independence Day
for what it is a jingoistic alien
invasion action schlock movie it has a
ton of quotable lines - a friend of mine
and I used to randomly quote it at each
other yeah like it's dumb it's a dumb
movie but I guess I'm okay with that
Independence Day it's just that way you
know what it's just that Will Smith that
Will Smith is so is so damn likeable so
obnoxious yeah I like them in men in
black I think the only thing I've ever
really liked Will Smith in yeah hmm did
you ever wash watching The Fresh Prince
of bel-air okay that end The Fresh
Prince of bel-air okay I got my movies
oh well Italy okay well listen a lot of
maybe maybe a lot of my love just
carries over from Fresh Prince basically
I say he's a fine comedian mmm-hmm yeah
he has a good community timing
let's see here gamer child two cases hi
James independent saying to complete
schlock he does he doesn't eat which it
look again I'm okay with so that our
strategy we're following the wisps I
mean they were it seemed to work last
time oh now we got dogs to deal with
start coming out after you've done so
much
probably dogs will knock you down and
knock down some of your health and then
they'll also like alert people to your
presence but they won't kill you what
the hell I have no idea oh my god
there's a ton of robots over there they
won't kill you they'll just kind of
knock you down for a little bit gamer
trial UK says hi jack and rich fuck me I
don't keep up with dr4 to keep my hype
in check for revealing first that thing
you said yes Frank West will have a new
voice actor and no timer what the fuck
some people must have bitched too much
that it's hard yeah well they want to
make it dumb mmm dumb and easy
they've ruined Dead Rising for it that's
that's really too bad I know you're a
big fan yeah shit happens
there you go you know what first one
just came out on Steam that's true
that's all you need oh there she is
I was just looking up the other day so I
think you're right about the wisps which
is nice hmm there's no one up there oh
they must have all been hunting me I was
fine yeah yeah I was recently looking up
how many games are currently available
on Steam in preparation for this episode
kind of like why are we doing this
three-year-old game yeah and there are
over 10,000 games on Steam yeah that's
crazy right pause steaming around 10
years yeah yeah lots of people man games
it's gone oh it's great it's just you
know to think about the amount of games
available at your fingertips right now
do you surf eyetality go down more when
you sprint um you know what I've never
paid attention I guess you would think
it would I would think it would
great you had to air everywhere
Oh half of the games on Steam are
expansion packs for train simulator
I believe it Oh check out that guy Jamie
looking for a bit another good game is
guacamelee
yeah guacamelee is a great game I don't
know where that comes from I just saw
that in the chat wait and say Parkers
sorry if you died you know you go back
to your last save point there's no
there's no auto-saves and there's no
checkpoints feels like a cheat dodged
one the safe why you can only save at
boats and at that rock
that's it should be any fuckin saves it
all Jack do you want the tension the
tension well yeah the tension the
further away you get the more you
explore the more likely you're just
gonna have to do some fucking shit over
again
little check that's not a door I'm gonna
fucked up their doors well that's not a
door at all possibly no you know it's
okay I like the the badges and the
achievements on Steam too I know I know
as other some people don't I know rich
doesn't necessarily care about stuff
like that but I think it's fun
that's your thing whatever but if you
play a game and just do that or if you
don't buy a game because it doesn't have
achievements there's there's something
wrong with you right right
well then I do wish so it's really fun
but no achievements though bye
do people say that yeah I've seen that
comment in discussion threads that's
that's the worst
it's like you know this is a really
great game but they didn't include
playing cards oh yeah that's that's even
dumber that's superdumb agreed I can I
can be with you on that though I do wish
I wish there was a better way to turn
off visible achievements do you know if
there's a way to do that yeah I was
looking for notifications yeah I don't
think I ever get them oh I couldn't find
it I couldn't find it the other day and
I really wanted to turn him off I didn't
like him I was playing I was playing
event 2-0 and notifications kept coming
up can you run out of food in this game
what do you mean like like you've eaten
all the food and looted all the places
yeah mushrooms do grow wild they don't
give you a ton of vitality back but I I
assume the answer Bush rooms if they
grow in the well do they actually
respond though ah that I don't know that
I don't know I've never I haven't been
in a situation where I've run out of
food yet you have to turn oh I just turn
off steam overlay to disable
achievements okay I can do that I
usually keep that on in case someone
wants to chat while I'm playing but I
can turn that off
that's the gun shot that's a gun jet so
you want to head towards the boat now
yeah which is the that one yeah so only
one vote on an island I oh no you're in
the main island yeah yeah so there's
four boats going in for DES huh there's
only one thing probably cuz that's the
one you're closest to all right all
right
I would assume I don't know that's right
thank you dramatic a for letting other
people know we we tried to set up our
three DS capture software and couldn't
find it
speaking of mushroom and if you eat it
you'll get all trippy other consumables
yep actually save it for sure
you can't take screenshots if you turn
off overlay though oh that's fine
because usually when I'm playing a game
I'm also recording the footage like so I
don't need to worry about screenshots
because I'm already recording the
footage well you need a mushroom rich
what so far in your limited play of this
do you prefer this or fire watch this
slowly growing on me I don't think I'm
ever gonna love this game uh-huh
but the wisps actually leading you to
the things that helps a lot
yep I thought I followed one ones that
it didn't get me anything but maybe I
got distracted by a patrol or something
before we got there I don't know sure
that's just a fire yeah like I'm on a
run right now or I'm coming across a ton
of raw meat and so I've had to light a
few fires and you know quickly cook
everything and run like hell before the
robots show up I'm on a big rummy run
well sorry everybody I've completely
forgotten about your tips cesarean parts
is rich I wanted to ask you if you were
still having fun with XCOM - sooner or
later I will have fun with it again I'm
not playing it right this moment there's
80,000 different things vying for my
attention right now
okay a caesarean virus is for me
personally I found it had a lot less
replayability than enemy Unknown for
some reason I feel no compunction to
play hard to say that yet I've not
played through it three times so ho okay
Sarah Chen says Jack I'm really bummed
we somehow didn't get the snow for
stages even after so many levels
those are great yeah they have some new
level randomization for necropolis and
Sarah Jenna and I were playing the other
day and didn't come across any of them
also rich how goes the beard I had to
keep it off or something
something super secret in special
something that would involve a beard
glued to your face weird weird beard so
now are you regrowing undecided
undecided okay I hope you feel better
soon
- Ryan Ville we are all tired of movie
remakes but do you think there's a
classic IP that could actually benefit
from a reboot sequel etc maybe something
that was too hokey or unproduced the
first time around why is their vision
that great just peeked at them over the
top of a fence chasing after me to
answer your question yeah we've talked
about this before about like stuff that
we would want to see remade I know rich
mentioned Remo Williams which riches
famous quote is remake the bad 80s
movies which I which makes so much so
much sense oh you also get woozy if you
drink booze we're not taking this fast
right but for me I know I've talked
about it just because it's come up
recently they announced the The
Rocketeer remake which is something as
an idea I'm four I think they can
improve on The Rocketeer
I still love The Rocketeer The Rocketeer
is a great movie before you jump down
the fuckin throat I like The Rocketeer
it's a great movie but it can be
improved upon
great
let's see here anonymous says Jack love
your strategy when picking parts for
your PC lots of reviews high star count
typically works out well loved the PC
build stream keep up the great work you
Jiminy Cricket prick bastards yeah that
one just hit YouTube the PC build stream
and you know I mean that's that's kind
of how you do everything right common
consensus Oh a hundred people have
bought this thing and loved it
chances are it's an okay thing so that's
exactly what I did my favorite thing now
that the now that the PC build stream
has hit YouTube is I'm getting a ton of
comments that I got during the stream
which is just which is just like a ton
of like man that's gonna overheat you're
building it wrong what are you doing and
it's like it's it's been built now for
weeks and it works perfectly settle down
everyone
the Phantom yeah the fans of

[Part II]
The Phantom yeah the Phantom now the
Phantom oh no an actual movie that I
really want remade is the shadow the
Alec Baldwin shadow I I want a good
shadow movie something like with some
some mysterious ghostly otherworldly
animal elements but it's just a
detective serial I would love that
I would love of a shadow not just
Sandman mystery theatre oh my god I
fucking love Sandman mystery theatre
rich I would love movies it's fantastic
it's a Sandman mystery theatre is a
great book and I would love a Sandman
mystery theatre movie absolutely I'm
with you hints at mystical elements but
is just a detective story fuck yeah I
can be down with that week nice rich
nice dark man does not necessarily need
a remake no unless you unless it's a
sequel and you also and you still cast
Liam Neeson that's a Sam Raimi classic
what I'm saying is have Sam Raimi direct
it have Liam Neeson star in it again oh
sorry
sorry if I cracked that right in the
microphone how good are their freaking
ears I don't know I wish I understood
that fully I will I hear that from there
the alarm clock yeah if you place it
here yeah I don't know
let's see here hi jack enrich Jack you
listen to a lot of weird random music
have you listened to Sloane Canadian
rock band I know nothing about how
popular they are outside of Carl hope or
Carl hope you're doing I hope you're
both doing okay I want to say our is
Sloane like really hard watt rock female
fronted like almost almost like thrash
punk I think I remember hearing about
Sloane but oh yeah they're going for it
this better not be giant
Oh tiny nice Oh tiny maybe they're only
giant on the main island because you're
close to the drop-off point yeah I'll be
like yes that would be you know what
that would be nice
Sloane is not female fronted okay then
I'm thinking of the exact wrong band its
loaned it's one of these I think that's
supposed to be just a visual marker
which I wish there would be more of
stuff like that
oh I do love that though like the boat
just the boat in the middle of the of
the woods maybe it's supposed to be a
guard tower like maybe there are
sometimes our robots in there I don't
know but uh well you know you know guys
usually when we stream stuff it is a
little bit darker on stream than it is
for us so you know we can see things
fine but just because of the way twitch
compression works it'll be a little
darker for you guys so I do apologize
for that
can you cook rats
I wonder I've never tried to cook a rat
it's not worth the attempt I just want
to find the last widget and get the fuck
off this island how many more would you
together pretty sure just one
no no cam today we we were we were
overly frustrated trying to set up our
3d s capture card and then by the time
we decided to play a different game we
just said fuck it and we didn't feel
like we didn't feel like prettying
ourselves laughing you guys have no idea
how much makeup is involved in getting
it ready for the twitch streams you
should see us without it it's horrible
Alyssa's become invisible for 20 seconds
that's new I have never seen that before
exciting that is new and exciting let's
see here uh Sloane was the last one okay
Moki b85 says hello wreckers I agreed
this game would make a great episode
Jack loves it rich hates it something to
talk about and I love yelling so much
well and I do I'm starting to hate it
less I don't love it though hopefully it
just gives us something to talk about
and it's it's just one of those games
that didn't really make a splash three
years ago so you know hopefully we can
we can do something just talk about
something as long as long as we can't
have something to talk about that's all
that matters in any game
yes I'm joking about makeup of we do not
wear any makeup for the twitch dreams or
for anything
well maybe having a nice night out but
we don't like like for best of the worst
we aren't none of us are wearing makeup
even though I should I need something to
design my head I now have to sit in a
very special spot where a light won't
hit my head ooh what is that it over
there I think I see white smoke to your
right and like two o'clock where you are
it's like it was just yeah it's that
it's over to your right more it's like
right there behind those group of trees
those arms get me oh I'm sorry
yep
it is white smoke
okay not a place I want to be nope nope
trip out for a little bit see what
happens just vitality will use those
while I'm not in danger and save the
stuff that's not gonna make me trip out
that's that that's almost like a good
strategy right I don't like it
hey guys says relish the relish I just
want to say that you're all awesome I
really relish
all our our all of our guys work here is
$5 for being so great I wish I could
give you more well thank you relish the
relish we appreciate we just appreciate
you watching a lone guard I thought I
saw two sets of yeah I saw two sets of
eyes wasting a lot of alarm clocks yes
you are well you're you're using a lot
of alarm clocks that I'm fine fine I
wouldn't say either way I'd like not to
use one you could you could drink a
bottle and throw it or turn invisible
I there there is some stuff that I have
bottles to throw but I don't want to
drink the you know the thing that lets
me use them right right oh yeah there's
more there's more on the other side the
point of this game is to is to collect
if you see that white smoke directly in
front of us you have to that has a
MacGuffin in it and you need to collect
all the MacGuffins and return them to a
big rock on the main island there are
five islands and that will get you home
you've mysteriously been transported
here and you need to collect all the
MacGuffins to get you home that's it
how long I've have her 45 seconds
oh shit I got all of them nice
it's gonna be huge
perfect perfect size perfect Ridge sir
you are an egg mcmuffin that is true the
off switch says does the NES die hard
let you choose the path where John
McClane doesn't become bald miserable
and somehow in Russia yes you have to
die also were you wearing the beard when
you did the salad video you method actor
well we didn't just film the salad video
oh I think the point the question is the
camera was not on you during the salad
video at that point no it wasn't you
were not wearing the beard okay no
that's fair that's fair rich illusion I
think they just wanted to know how
method of an actor you were like in
order to you know in order to perfectly
embody the George Lucas character do you
need the beard to be on you know let's
see here dr. Harry Lime says I'm with
rich worst game mechanic ever to
continue get three MacGuffins each
MacGuffin is made from seven MacGyver's
a MacGyver is five Club ler lands that's
a hundred and five pieces of crap 244
yes that as the sole game mechanic is
bad I don't think this game is just that
but but yes that is a soul made game
mechanic is bad
Lord Belmont says good spooky board
games include our Arkham Horror call of
cthulhu
and mansions of madness also please
don't forget about the seven guests and
until John until dawn with Jane yeah and
I already have some spooky games that
we're gonna play I have a the house on
the Haunted Hill around whatever
whatever that one is I have a zombie
board game that's pretty fun I have some
other spooky board games I need about 20
alarm clocks I need nine alright look
back at that boat so that's the
southwest oh yeah I just want to you
know keep track for us and in case like
where do I go next cuz that'll be the
next thing
another wildlife startles them do they
shoot at the wildlife maybe I think it
just gets their attention I don't know
if their shoot at Birds or whatever so
was that a gunshot
you can I didn't hear anything you can
take that rock though and throw a rock
Oh in a bottle no that was the door
opening listen
so there's bottles and rocks that you
can throw and you know not use an alarm
clock if I want to do the shitty get
caught and die way if I want to do it
wrong I'm all set well I'm just saying
that you you're looking for ways to
distract them that uh that doesn't cost
you alarm clocks though that's ways you
can do it
is dues the thing that works and just
keeps doings tired and says says did
your lack of respect for Jimmy Fallon
get even lower after what happened this
week what happened this week he had
Donald Trump on the show and was joking
around with whatever yeah I mean you
guys know I don't like Donald Trump and
Jimmy Fallon is not a political guy I
don't know like I can I guess I can see
it both ways and I'm that's me I'm just
gonna play middle-of-the-road here where
I do think that Donald Trump is a
horrible person sorry mods things might
get political please remember to be cool
with chatters let him let him chat a
little bit but it's not that's not Jimmy
Fallon's job you know it's not Jimmy
Fallon's job to grill a politician right
about anything it's his job politician
be on tonight's show huh should a
politician be on tonight
absolutely absolutely a politician
should be on The Tonight Show but that's
not that's not Fallon's job his job is
to make funny for the people watching
right he's not there to like deeply
interview a presidential candidate but
but I know so I don't I never wanted to
show beforehand I'm still not gonna
watch it I didn't even watch that clip
because I just don't care that much if
it was if he was on like a if he was on
something like a daily show or a even if
even Colbert you know like if Colbert
had him on I would expect something a
little more Grilli huh
but that's not that's never been
Fallon's stick so no I don't I don't
expect Fallon to do something but yes
Fallon has always been nice to everyone
and non-controversial there's a reason
why he has the highest ratings it's you
know and I don't necessarily like that
about Fallon but hey that's his shtick
no I don't lose any respect for him for
putting on a non-controversial show I
never had any respect for him to begin
with mmm no and hey mods B could be cool
I see what you're deleting be cool let
people talk a little bit politically if
it gets out of hand you know but no
let's let people talk it's fine what the
fuck is that it's a monster it's a
monster
they go bark bark bark bark this is
going great
this is going great rich did you return
the things yet or you are on your way to
do that oh man there's something they
can't go on water dogs yeah I don't know
the plan is to run to the ocean shit
it's a fine plan rich that's a fine fine
plan
they go away maybe yeah oh you're in
you're bleeding did he just bite you and
run away yes
yeah press I'm being you're being
impress you're being oppressed but I'm
sorry
message deleted yeah but ya know an act
you know speaking of mobs and and chat
moderation there is a new there is a new
chat tool which will help us monitor the
mods it actually we can go back in the
chat and see who is deleting what
comment and who is taking what mod
action which is very nice game mods
please be cool let people chat for a
little bit wait till it gets out of hand
so yeah that was that was all my
controversial statements on Jimmy Fallon
in the night Joe Jack called mods a tool
I said there's a new mod tool oh my god
they're right there
just sneak you got a mod the mod
sometimes I get you know they're trying
to keep they're trying to keep order I
get it nice save it again save a real
quick and save I think they see me you
oh you did save it's fine
I did yeah it said saving game okay I
just like how you clicked it a million
times
Caesarion fart we didn't see your last
tip you remember everybody that we we
see the tip and then we try to like talk
about it a little bit so we're a lot of
people typically get backed up we get
backed up sorry
have you guys says tired and heads have
seen any of the purge film I finally
watched all three yesterday and they
were surprisingly good the director
could be this generation John covered it
seen any the purge films no not neither
did I
I like the premise though this is only
the worst premise in the world they
doesn't make much sense but it's a neat
idea well yeah for up for a horror movie
the thing I the thing I had heard about
the first purge you know so the premise
of the purge movies is for one night
every year everything is legal for some
reason that stops all crime for the rest
of the earth yeah no that would not be
the case
no no but hey that's the premise I mean
just go along with the premise and so
and so you know people act horribly and
they murder and they steal and they do
terrible things once a year but I heard
the first movie isn't very isn't big
enough in scope and I'll like with
centers around this one house but it's a
neat premise I haven't seen any of them
haven't really cared Caesarion part oh
yeah I already did that anonymous says
opinions on Diablo style hack and slash
a RPGs have you ever played Diablo or
anything like that
click-click click-click click-click I
never felt like I needed to get into
Diablo yeah a lot of click click click
and then you play the number weapon game
well this weapon has one bigger number
than the other weapon I was using before
so I guess I'll use that weapon the the
math weapon game yeah never super into
it justice guy knows
you show new show shut the fuck up and
play this game about fans constantly
recommending games you'd hate except
game submissions with a blurb about why
you should play it then hate play it for
an hour okay that's not the worst thing
I've ever heard exactly yeah
we'd have to it we'd call it fine we'll
fucking play it fine have it your way
where we'll take know Jesus Christ shut
up already
yes that's exactly what we'll call it
Jesus Christ shut up already because you
know when someone sees that as a youtube
title they won't jump to conclusions at
all yeah wait weren't you already at the
Southwest one I said the South one the
question is if I is this the South one
or is this just that's the South one
yeah and you know you could look at your
compass was at the farm I mean I think I
guess it is I was heading west mostly
how did that happen
I have no I have no idea I think it's
pretty light you can just walk around
the shore I think patrols are usually
pretty light around the shore Jesus
Christ shut up already is that the name
of the show yeah and our first one will
be vampire the masquerade sure okay you
know what
you know what just this guy you know
we're taking it and we're taking that
idea I'm writing it down right now I'm
gonna I'm gonna write me a little email
I'm gonna write me a text message
I took email off my phone I was getting
too many of them I'm gonna write me a
text message text to Jack
thanks to Jack Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ shut up already
vampire the masquerade just want a boat
okay we're taking it hate play the
series yep we will you know it'll
probably be very similar to two first
four hours of where we will just play it
bitch about it and that'll be that
okay baby Yaga lawless is hi did you
guys see the true ending of Metal Gear
Solid 5 by unlocking and completing
mission 46 note hijack hi George Lucas
what it says VAR er 77 what would you
think about a remake of crawl it's a fun
movie and I love it but it could
probably use a script rewrite or three
or four I don't necessarily have to
remake Kroll you can just make any old
German Syfy fantasy movie result to be
much the same sure sure but if you're
selling it because it's Hollywood right
yeah you need to have a name and a brand
attached to it already I guess I guess
you do get the glaive yeah whatever
that's worth you you could get a little
a comic Lockland cameo in it he's very
popular with the kids
Oh what's him he doesn't have red eyes
well let's go up and find out what his
deal is yeah go ask him I'm sure he'll
gladly tell you game child you cases
hijack and rich Evans I don't know if
it's even worth it
but can we possibly get an rlm studio
tour video
also I suggest more studio time-lapse
videos when you guys change sets nice to
watch that emitters major set change up
in a while sorry why you haven't seen
one yeah whenever we do something big we
almost always have the stop-motion on
hmm yeah and like a studio to her video
that's that's more that's more a Mike
and Jess tchen
yeah or watch the witness video that
open kitchen most of it right so like
apparently there is no West one or that
one was the West one and you were wrong
we went along the island for what you
said was the south one and I came across
no dock other than this one which is the
north well go to your inventory real
quick Center you went to the South one
so yeah that back you're saying was the
South one yeah was the only dock in
between there and the north one weird I
think that was the west one could have
been it could have been it's fine it
doesn't doesn't change much no no he was
Castle this looks neat I haven't seen
this yet Castle and and a eerie windmill
I mean need me some wisps I'm getting
into this more since I discovered the
will of the wisp cuz it takes out the
wander around aimlessly ass Benson which
I despise Don Giles Wilson do I believe
both of us have played Stanley parable
you've played it right can you actually
play the static ha ha you know what I
mean
we have both experienced to the Stanley
parable we meet we've decided not to
really stream it because of course
literally it would ruin it for everyone
else and and a lot of that game is just
shutting up and listening to it so it
would not make for a very good stream
yes we have both played and enjoyed the
Stanley parable
see mods that was a great one to delete
from Chad that would you ever mind
defeated that last comment that was a
great that was perfect
boo Jack I need to know if I should buy
it on that bye bye and play the Stanley
parable it's a very interesting and fun
experience I got a ton of bullets you
save an alarm clock
there's at least three I'm not risking
that yeah there's just two I mean you
could throw a bottle and at least get
them all in one area and then shoot
unless I could throw it a lot oh no no
the bottle was gonna land like 10 feet
away but you know like then you you move
back a little bit and they're looking a
different way and you start shooting I
don't know but yes play play play the
Stanley parable yeah I lost track of
them there that way this way they were
over to hell
so Stanley parable is also very funny it
is I think it's one of those games that
kind of requires you to understand like
first-person shooter mechanics but very
very funny
did it go off already yeah are they
hadn't oh they are I thought that one
might have been too far away nice nice
well we have our strategy it's fine
strategy I like it a lot actually
usually I the strategy I've been going
with is the distract you know
distracting them with a bottle and then
bludging them bludgeoning them with an
axe I can usually do that pretty
efficiently and only get shot a couple
times zero times well listen I I'm
switching up my strategy when I get back
now let's see here recruit more pimps
for you says Jack I'm glad you got a
kick out of dead Sarah this $2 is to
play that song for rich Evans and help
spread their rock-and-roll greatness to
Milwaukee and beyond absolutely you know
who loved dead Sarah is my kids they're
really into female fronted rock bands
and I bought an album though whether you
know what really sold me on it so they
shared one song and I was like yeah I'm
not really sure how to feel about this
so I looked up a couple more songs there
and they have a song called the
weatherman which is a gosh-darn Ripper
you know which way the wind blows what
are you trying to say right so yeah if
you want to be sold on dead Sarah which
is SAR a look up the weatherman it is a
gosh-darn
Ripper it's a Ripa
it's you know it's it's it's uh it's
uncommon at least for me to come across
like a straight-up rock band that has
like a female lead vocalist who can like
really like do that that like scratchy
sing screams scratchy screamy
singy-thing
where are you going oh maybe is that why
you got confused cuz yeah sometimes they
like meander their what it wasn't in a
house but they're like at least four
guards and just wasn't fucking worth it
Lord Belmont says if you don't play the
7th guest for October on the stream
maybe play it for that new series Jesus
Christ shut up already
Cerie Chen says oh how fun should the
Jebus crest shut up already games be
sent to chard or har Lac account either
one will we'll put them in the gift
inventory and gift them to whoever's
computer is here to play them there come
this way I got the confused one take a
moment look around
I think it's best to stay on the move
yeah you're probably right
I wonder if Jack would like joanna
newsom I'm okay with joanna newsom she
is the very strange what oh it's a dog
ice got him
joanna newsom is a very strange singer I
I heard one song of hers years and ages
ago called the sprout and the bean
she's a harpist joanna newsom she plays
the harp and sings really odd Aarti pop
songs and she has this one song called
the sprout and the bean and I thought it
was kind of adorable and then I listened
to some more songs put one back what oh
no but I got that one here yeah you got
that one right here and the the the bit
kind of grew thin on me Joanna Joanna
Newsom bit so she's married to Andy
Samberg Joanna Newsom for anyone
interested in that
don't call women harpies oh no she's a
harpist not a heartbeat but she has a
very strange singing style where where
she kind of sings like this Oh
have you heard about the sprout and the
being you know like Carol
what's-her-name from from Kimmy Schmidt
the landlady Carol cocaine Carol King
Cain Cain Carol Kane and Carole King is
the tennis player I think Carol Kane she
sounds like Carol Kane singing which is
not always great but Regina Spektor I
really enjoy Carol Kane is an American
treasure
Carol Kane is an American treasure you
and I both agree on this she's fantastic
you wouldn't necessarily want to hear
her on
so Billy oh that was Billie Jean King
you're right Billie Jean King was the
dentist
yeah joanna newsom is a oh he has a
blunderbuss I've met with him before be
very careful because that's like a one
shot one kill
but uh I like Regina Spektor a lot she
has some really great songs fuck it a
bandage
Jesus Christ they're coming for oh oh oh
you're trapped that's pretty good run
yeah that was a great run rich one hour
forty minutes no deaths that's a pretty
good run so you want to go perfect your
Orcs Must I know I want a break okay
play anything forbidden don't you want
to try your hand sir you are being
served sir you're being served I need to
use the rest you use the restroom real
quick I think I have proven myself chops
though Oh remarkably all thanks it to
main menu well well I think about this I
have some more tips to read anyway so
I'll get I'll get on with tips while you
go to the bathroom he's gonna be there
he's gonna be there it's gonna be great
it's going to be great
where our retired incenses Hey oh sorry
I'll start and Ted I will say that for
one which comes back turkey burger says
should I give up hope for Nam Star Wars
related blanket reviews who knows who
can say didn't they already say what the
review was gonna be em I think they did
but just in case they didn't I'm not
going to say
let's see here turbo Jesus 5000 says I
work for an Australian company that
makes nut related products and this year
multi billionaire George Lucas came to
our store and got a bag of beer nuts
literally the cheapest product we make
well you know what turbo Jesus sometimes
you just want to eat some beer nuts man
who cares what he bought me what we felt
like eating beer nuts that's what he can
eat he's fine he's fine we what if he
just want some beer nuts who are you to
say who are you just saying would it
would you what George Lucas eats and
tired and sad says why do show streamed
only on Netflix Amazon and other sites
but are not actually broadcast on TV not
simply considered to be big budget
webseries and not really TV shows well
because the format's slightly different
TV TV shows are formatted not just for
when they're released weekly but also
how commercials fit into them and so you
know they have to be very precise with
how they time things out to fit in
commercial breaks
whereas Amazon Prime shows Netflix shows
Hulu original shows don't have to worry
about commercial breaks they can just
make something and they also don't need
to worry about established times they're
not making a 22 minute sitcom with eight
minutes of commercial breaks they can
make it 24 minutes thirty minutes
however long they need to make it so
it's not it's not they're not webseries
they're not TV shows they are this new
thing that's quite wonderful
what
yeah I'm not yeah well I hand this over
to rich no crap lip hood crip clip crip
I am I'm gonna play the game we're gonna
start a new world though and I will also
start as the aristocrat you get um you
get different options you know the the
the aristocrat is is you just start for
rags for bandages and this is kind of
how the game was meant to be played you
could also play as the game keeper and
you get some traps and some whiskey and
a hatchet to start with the inventor you
get a toy train an alarm clock set of
pliers the officer you got a gun to
start with obviously and right yeah so
I'm just gonna start as the aristocrat I
think that's how the game was meant to
be played
Castle Mountain fens Industrial great
one of each oh you can edit robots too
Oh interesting
landowners I want to show rich this
screen because I think this is
interesting I've never played around
with like the difficulty let it levels
or anything like that you can customize
difficulty time elapsed or pieces
returned so I can only assume that's
minutes and pieces returned interesting
I don't know what Squires are poachers
riders balloons stupid balloons this
screen is confusing so so here are all
of the enemies hunters dog Squires
poachers whatever these are all the
enemies that can appear and then you can
adjust when they appear in the game so
time elapsed is the left number pieces
returned is the right number and so you
know after you after either twenty
minutes or two pieces returned then the
amount of hunters that appears goes from
one bar to two bars and after 45 minutes
or four pieces returned
check this out roads I found an
interesting screen yeah the you can edit
the difficulty oh okay I never clicked
on it and so it's either time elapsed or
pieces returned dictates the difficulty
and so you can see here poachers won't
show up until you're either 115 minutes
in or 10 pieces returned okay spend
scarecrows and you know so like that you
know you can tweak it a little bit I'm
not going to I'm just gonna you know
leave it as which ones are the
blunderbuss guys well they didn't show
up too later so they're either maybe
they're poachers we didn't see any
riders riders don't show up until the
yes
like they'd be poachers poachers yeah I
would assume poachers so all right let's
build me a world generating generating
gianna writing oh there whoops sorry I
hit my mic chart and said says hey rich
how much did the George Lucas salad
video was improvises how much did the
George Lucas salad video was improvised
it was nicely done
also what is your favorite arcade game
from the 90s both of us do you remember
the holographic game time traveler I
don't remember the game time traveler
mm-hmm favorite arcade game yeah I'm
gonna forget something I know it I just
find a paperboy pac-man the classic
Galago from the 90s though you still
play them in the 90s the 90 showed up
pretty much playing everything on the
Super Nintendo with the Genesis you're
sure I don't there are many 90s arcade
games I played The Simpsons brawler yeah
that was great that was a quarter sucker
the x-men arcade game I was always fond
of and but you know what the my go-to
arcade was always Time Crisis yep the
shooter where you could you know that
had the foot pedal where you could pop
in and out of cover fucking love with
the time crisis by the way the salad bit
yeah 100% improvise you just had like
they just Mike's phone rang and I ran
with it with the talking to Steven
Spielberg that was Mike's phone going
off in the middle of the shoot really
interesting interesting so you like you
just knew like we have all the salad
like the video go with it no nice that's
great that's great
which people could say wow but half the
comments think it was boring as fuck
right take that saying that I think that
with a grain of salt
yes what Adam said it provides oh wow
everyone hated it oh well wake up what
are you uh
Pet 5 you can you can just add I you
need it I have it very I have a very
different set up at home button yeah my
personal inventory that's on the mouse
you see those three up at the top that
one gets you to your inventory okay
great and then the side I got jump
reload and sprint of the mouse oh these
yeah like the one under that is sprint I
know what I don't have anything that top
one that's nothing right now I should
use that for something that's reload the
one under that is jump oh there's one
under that yeah and then the one next to
that oh there oh there's four buttons
over here this is a fancy mouse yes
right you got yourself a fancy mouse
where is all yours nope you have too
many buttons I'm not I'm not mentally
prepared for all these buttons know
which app nope
which one gamepad five back to game
okay
I'm not sure if anyone ate the salad we
had a lot we had a lot to do that day
there wasn't time for eating salad right
afterwards and for all I know it's in
the fridge now that's crowd oohs crouch
alright so uh which ones Crouch oh uh
keypad enter yeah sure okay great so did
you read any of the ones over that you
just yeah I got up too tired and sad
again okay so why do show streamed only
on Netflix that one yeah okay usury name
says my girlfriend had a dream she's
donating blood Mike and J are the
receptionist and Jack is the
phlebotomist I uh I assume that's the
blood taker I think so a phlebotomist
rich burst him fumbling around with
comically oversized syringes keep up the
good work question mark nice Tyron said
says hey jack i sorry my question was
why shows are streamed on netflix etc
referred to in the media as TV shows and
when Emmys even though they are not
actually broadcast cheers oh so how can
something be eligible for an Emmy for an
Emmy even though it's not a TV show you
know the definition of what a TV show is
is changing is the answer to that it's
still something watched for dominantly
on TV if you look at strange of things
it's blurring the line with movies right
now who some tea is he is good for you
some matches
I got the ax right away and that's
important need a weapon so if you beaten
this game yep no no I I almost did just
know you did you came very very close
there we go
X bottle I got I got greedy one o'clock
yeah you went after that blunderbuss you
could have shot him and you wonder after
him with your ax
I wanted to sneak up on him yeah and get
a couple free hits in it yeah but you
could you could have snuck up on him in
every noise yeah but I assume your axe
makes noise probably not as much as the
gun maybe I guess hmm yeah you're
probably right
I am what am i eating god you're all so
well yeah we're about what cuz you eat
right in the microphone pirated booty
you could you gauge the white cheddar
puffs things I'm sorry I needed a snack
yeah but you just go away from the
microphone there you go
Oh wire sniffers that's what you needed
to get out of tram what if you don't
have those you just brute uh yeah yeah
like you were well I can only assume you
like it's a taught what that fuck is
that is that a gym look at that giant
rabbit can you kill it
we're gonna find out you probably get
the meat from it yeah yes yes
a giant rabbit I want to see what you do
you need to cook it well yeah you need
to cook that shit Jack you know I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna organize this
later I just got it
clock I'm gonna discard this I just want
to show people what this letter is nope
that's not a shit what scrap oh yeah
that scratch what scrap chicken
I wish time would pause while you were
reading Jack is having issues because my
binds are different than his which is a
fair thing which is a fair thing and I'm
just gonna deal with it so you know
yelling at Jack about his play right
there there are letters in the way you
know just kind of give you some color
some some of the world's I don't believe
it does anything it might use what fires
man you got matches you just need a fire
Jack oh yeah that shed I'm excited
you're excited about rabbits I'm excited
about cooking something I've never seen
anything cooked in this game oh okay it
you know it just looks like meat all
right where do we want to go fine you
find somebody nan cook things it just
seems like a lot of bother well you know
what you it's it's about gathering them
gathering a bunch of nan cook things
finding a fire and then cooking them as
fast as possible because robots will run
to a fire really yeah
and all of them will run through a fire
that'd be a good distraction
yeah yeah fire is a great distraction
I've used it before but game is slowly
winning me over yeah I'll admit that
what room I need to find so okay here's
a wispy where are you heading Kylie was
ever gonna be my favorite game ever but
no no I'm I'm getting it you're that's
and yeah that's I that's important takes
a while to get a game oh yeah there's a
wispy anyway are you guys going you're
you're a duck amuck fan that might be
the best Looney Tunes ever duck amuck I
think that's one of the Elmer Fudd and
and Daffy Duck and Bugs Bunny arguing
over a rabbit season or duck season one
okay good classic wait no that's wait
duck amuck no wait that might be though
that may be the one we're deaf he keeps
getting redrawn I might be getting them
mixed up I take that back
okay I take that back take it back rich
which one is dug amok remind me
because the three cartoons they made
where they're arguing in the woods over
weather how does rabbit season or not
our gold that's some peak Looney Tunes
yes Oh duck amuck is the redraw that
one's fine now it's fine
I think the Madhab is there a Game Boy
Advance game just based off of that one
cartoon where they redraw Daffy I think
they did I don't know you know what I
just don't know soda Borgnine says
Richard Jack speaking of snacks what is
your all-time favorite lol eatin the
booty all-time favorite snack you know
you can you just can't go wrong with
guard Eddowes the hell's a guard dead oh
you know like the the salty mix with the
ride chips and the pretzels and those
shit
it's a guard dead oh man there we go
there's one
it's names I ever looked what are their
pony names for one that some stones
there was a name on a tombstone oh yeah
nope no Sean Cunningham no
kettle cooked chips are fine good
they're great cracker and cheese combos
sure sure
those are good cuz this lasts a while
you can use a combo like a lozenge like
if you if you have like a bag of Lay's
that's a snack you're gonna eat the
whole bag right oh yeah and then you can
feel bag did you add a whole bag of
Lay's and you're trying to lose weight
that might have shit I might have it I
get yourself a bag of combos do you
feeling hungry
just take one use it like a salt Lawson
do you said you suck at a combo do you
set the timer on the clocks with a right
like okay I did it wrong I don't know
when it's gonna go off but there's a
waiting to see what the jacks Chet makes
out of me saying you know I like to suck
in a combo after it
fuck no that's not Jim that's Joe
shit shit oh fuck my red fuck my rabbit
and you gotta have that in mind before
you grab the thing jack nope
drop the bandages I can put them why am
I not run cuz they're stripping up the
alarm clock oh yeah
we made it you did great you didn't get
hit once I didn't get hit once that was
not am i doing it was exciting that was
exciting Jack that was exciting gameplay
yeah we were you know what while we're
here in the woods mostly hidden I'm
gonna do some inventory management look
at your visibility you're just the
tiniest bit seen yeah tiniest bit you
know we're gonna worry about that in a
second sir jens's hiya rich I know
you're generally not in horror games but
I was curious if there are any at some
point in your life that you kind of
enjoyed beside Dead Rising I guess mine
are Resident Evil 4 and fear I would not
consider Dead Rising a horror game take
more than just having monsters in your
game to be a horror game I think it's
not it's not a horror game but the
original thief could be damn scary back
in the day yeah well you know attention
right that was the game that got me to
jump out of my chair mmm-hmm
Wow so I'll tell the story there's
another one of those stories that you
know we've been we've been doing this
for two years I probably told this story
five times I don't know but does play in
the original thief the dark project hmm
actually that was playing thief gold
which is the slightly upgraded version
nonetheless this level called the the
what is called the escape from Craig's
left there's this prison in a hammer I'd
the hammerheads built I'd old abandoned
mine and you have to sneak through the
mines to get to the prison to break
somebody out of prison okay and you're
in the mine and there's a you come up
this elevator and there's this corpse on
the ground a little ways in front of you
as you walk by the corpse actually jumps
up and starts moaning at you this is the
first time you find out there's actual
zombies and spirits and like
supernatural stuff thing and you don't
know before this so this Corp jumps up
screams at me I jumped like out of my
seat as I was playing the game I
immediately in the game start
backpedaling backwards just without even
thinking about I just jam on the
backpedal button and then I fall down
the elevator shaft and I get eaten by a
giant spider
it was the single most immersive moment
I've ever had in a videogame sounds
great okay here's my plan there's
another group over there
the stones are that way there are robots
over here so I'm gonna start a fire
quickly cook the rabbit run to the goop
it's gonna be great
inventory inventory again
boom now run like hell that's jump
that's okay so I started the fire now
these guys should come to the fire okay
I'll show you what the meat looks like I
could quickly cooked the rabbit that's
not jump
the game I am talking about is called
thief the dart project which if you play
it now fuck you you're gonna have to
drop half your inventory yep
use that I can I can I can run drop the
drop the mushrooms oh shit there's
another one right fucking here
what does toggle debug mean I don't know
but it comes up every time you jump yeah
are the stones I'm just gonna go I'm
just gonna go put this thing back it's
attached itself to uh my damn mom
jump jump bind for some reason maybe you
did an altar jump bind by mistake or
something or who cares yeah but so every
time we jump PC toggle debug so you'll
know every time I jump because we're
also toggling v bow in a perfect world
and I've been trying to do this for like
three weeks and just timing wise it's
not it's not it's never gonna happen
here's here's my gaming roadmap what I
would like to do okay I want to perfect
Orcs Must Die I want to I want to get
that fucking final level down pat I want
to be able to have a nice run through
the game because I enjoy works must die
yeah then I wish to play through the the
to newer Deus X's and then I want to
revisit theif and then I would like to
play Dishonored
yes I'm just never gonna have time to do
this shit once we get done with this
next couple of episodes that will give
us a lot of breathing room because what
we're gonna film two episodes at once so
then and you're done filming other stuff
so then hey
shut up
leaves don't the other ones are right
over here we need to do coops Orcs Must
Die - I'll push jack into that
eventually mm-hmm because of our smoking
Orcs Must Die is fun I'm not as fine -
the second one the second one is very
grindy is it now
yep did you go away that would be great
if you went away and then the third one
I think they'd turn it into a mobile or
something back to the thing get rid of
the stones don't get caught like this is
a lot of thing for me is just like
looking over my shoulder can I beat it
can I beat it can I beat it I can save
progress I think the other one was over
doing great jack I feel like I'm doing
great
I think the other one was over here
there was like a two white things right
in a row oh really they were both right
over here I think you can I'm pretty
sure you can find thief on Steam you can
also find it on gog.com where it is drm
free and god what did that came come out
let's say let's say that game thief came
out the same year as half-life 1936 the
original half-life person 96 I believe
that was the date there is still an
active thief and community making
single-player Maps yeah and various mods
like if you buy a thief the dart project
anthe to look into it there are mods to
you know update the graphics a little
bit look into it cool
look at this when you cook the rabbit
you get this like four different you get
four cooked meats that's nice yeah it's
great
all right where is that other one I
think it was over here and if you want
you can buy the GOG version and you can
add it the steam is like a non steam
link
yeah so if you're used to using steam as
your game hub you can still you can
still buy it on GOG and run it through
steam 98 yeah I thought so
98 yeah okay theif one which is also
known as Steve gold which is the
difficult the only difference being
theif the dark project man thief gold
other than some other minor alterations
is thief Gold has four more levels that
the dark project doesn't it's just an
expanded version of the same game it has
better atmosphere than thief two though
thief too is a better game when they
made thief mmm
it was this crazy idea there's like a
stealth game like before that was a
thing okay and they didn't know how I
was gonna play to audiences so they kind
of played it a little bit safe there's
some monster kind of theme levels in the
original thief sure
whereas what the second one they went
full-on sneak into places and steal the
thing they went all-in and the second
one
you can kind of see which direction
they're looking which is why I'm yes unn
steam they don't update the game to run
on modern hardware you can buy an old
game like FIFA and steam and you'll have
trouble getting add even play if you can
get it to play if you buy it on GOG they
specifically tinker with the game to get
it to run on modern systems oh yeah yeah
so if you buy if you buy theif off of
GOG your it is guaranteed to run on a
newer system
what's my personal favorite of the
series I'm split like I said I like one
for the atmosphere one is a great
atmosphere - I I like just the the the
Zen of breaking into places and stealing
shit one better atmosphere - better
gameplay yeah yeah where are we going
where are we going with it's a great
game if you can get over the fact that
relatively speaking it looks like stick
figures no relatively one of those older
games did
I'm gonna lose my wisp
thief and thief two are 60% off on GOG
rats not like a fucking advertisement
but I like Gog they do good work it's
fucking drm-free you can just buy the
game save it into a fucking disk and
don't have to worry about a servers
goddamn permission before you can use
the fucking thing you bought so I might
sound like a shell but I'm not getting
paid I just genuinely love what they do
for gaming right
you're a shill for gaming yeah not
necessarily GOG it's it's 60% off and
it's a better version of the fucking
game chill away rich chill away if
anyone listening works for GOG and is
into a sponsor opportunities reach out
to us said let me want to be glad to
take up because I legitimately support
the product until they stop doing DRM
free right that's the moment when I
break my ties with roji prereq add red
letter media dot-com will hawk your shit
there's a whisper oh there it is is that
my last one
two more on the island really
yeah well wasn't no mr. glitch says hi
guys
no oh no need to read this aloud oh okay
goodbye this is linked to something he
wants us to read okay not a big deal
not a big deal okay all right Sarah Jen
says well we're on this topic
yep you think you'll be using your heart
monitor for thrilling streams this
October we could if I ever do a no death
run again I'm gonna use that heart rate
monitor yeah yeah that would have been
so awesome playing dead rising
I might part of the reason I want to
perfect Orcs Must Die
yeah I might go for a leg up on stream 5
school run mm-hmm
every mat 5 skull yeah yeah sneak over
here they're gonna run over there for my
alarm clock and I'm going to quickly
grab it
yes I know I know Dead Rising agent he
is out of some people want me to plant
it somebody gifted to me very generous
someday because I can't even get time to
play the games I've been meaning to play
some day I'm gonna play it love it but I
don't know if there's any good reason to
stream me playing the HD version because
I've already had a perfect no death
playthrough on stream i can't I can't
top what what I've done with the Dead
Rising right who shit they saw me if I
ever been to a strip club well we were
at one when we filmed for space Cobb
nope run away I tried to run away but
then they were still shooting me and I
only saw two and I said listen I could
take out two I could take out two as it
turns out couldn't even take out one
rich it's fine jack it's fine couldn't
even take out one motherfucker you can
do it faster ish no you can't dead
risings on a clock you're limited to the
game time you have to last three in-game
days maybe that was a joke rich it might
have been it might have been technically
technically I could do overtime mode a
little bit faster but
you cannot have the Xbox glitch out and
ruin that perfect run look you know
you're not you're not raining on my
parade the real van that was a goddamn
perfect run it's not my fault the Xbox
is a piece of shit
siren said so I just re-watched jaws 3
hmm and it is built for an r LM
commentary track it's much worse than
jaws for on every level especially its
photography which is soft dark overall
fucking awful it's glorious
I can't believe that for a second what
jaws for is the worst thing ever 3 at
least doesn't need setting I haven't
seen three and ages was three the one
where they were in the aquarium and they
had that tube yeah the shark yeah yeah I
remember that I can tell you when I was
a kid I liked three better than four
because four is what the fuck the shark
actually wants revenge right it's
targeting specifically the Brody family
members that's great the dumbest fucking
thing it's great rich are you guys going
just bought the 52 on GOG which order
should I play them in theif one first
yeah that makes sense to me that makes
sense to me if you're if you're longing
for more if you play thief one you're
longing for more levels that are just
straight in break into the place to
steal this or that that's all thief -
thief - was like 100% that thief ones
got at least a third of thief one is
like running around old catacombs
where the fuck is the way these guys
taking me oh whoa can I even get over
there
how the fuck what do you mean what order
they are numbered yeah
Touche there you go
there's some over there yeah but look
what's in the way it's on an island is
it it's on an island on an island that's
neat or annoying now we'll see we'll see
if I can even get over there do I sell
my axe I do but rich what about theif
deadly shadows I've never even played
that yet
I plan to if I can ever get around to it
this is gonna be it's in my list of
things I want to play but they botched
that one when it came out I even heard
about this like more than a year ago
when its installed the there's a lot of
fan patches to make that game not suck
yeah yeah if you get around to the third
one definitely look into all

[Part II]
Hey whoa
we don't know what happened computer
crashed we don't know why we don't know
how
and so we're downloading rocket League
suppose it's possible it was overheated
even though it's not very graphic
intensive game I did have vsync off yeah
it's possible it was trying to display
it like 400 frames a second oh sure yeah
possible possible we have audio yeah
yeah I'm and and then we started the
stream saying oh you know we'll just
talk while we download rocket League
because of course it's a new hard drive
so nothing's downloaded so they'll just
talk about we we record rocket League
but we forgot to turn the microphones
back on and because we had started OBS
and then turn down the microphones OBS
didn't recognize it so then we have to
stop streaming and start streaming again
so you know hey welcome hi
hi everybody rich was just telling me
about crates crates there's now crates
in rocket League what are crates rich
you know rocket League recently like
expanded their items they have the
uncommon items no I don't know anything
about this I haven't been paying
attention what do you just start rocket
League and we'll take a look around
you'll see what the fuck's going on it
said 70% downloading right well there's
a whole bunch of new like hats and
antennas for rocket drills sure some of
them are listed is rare and uncommon and
and now if you want like the rarest
stuff the super ultra rare yeah you you
can get crates Oh randomly you randomly
get yes they sell the key oh that's it
that's how you do it they're gonna make
money hand over fucking fists fuck yeah
they are hand over fucking fist jack
that's the lesson that Team Fortress 2
has taught everyone yeah yeah that's how
you make hats I'd be I'd be horribly
annoyed except it doesn't affect
gameplay it's just cosmetics so it
fucking absolutely fucking absolutely so
and you know there are some people who
will say oh I spent so much time playing
this game I'm okay Kim in a few books
here and then there's some people who
want that status symbol I bought a few
keys cuz I'm okay with getting a few
bucks that market League has entertained
me yeah
so so why not I
the same thing with Team Fortress 2 I
bought I bought crazy get a really sweet
skin right well and like you said it's
not it's not affecting the game boy and
then you know you might like what if you
randomly get a rare hat then you could
put it on and people go oh look at that
sweet-ass head we could also play in the
new DLC I've never played the new yeah
Rena motors I'm gonna do mode oh sure
sure so yeah well we owe some rack of
things it's not gonna rocket League
things to talk about
yeah it'll be great the other thing I
did want to mention briefly is finally I
got a chance to rewatch Captain America
Civil War yeah and it is actually you
know what one of my only saw it once in
the theater yeah and I know one of your
big complaints and a complaint that I
agreed with was that it seemed like it
was two separate stories
George together INRI watching it it's
actually a lot more cohesive than I
remember okay and it flows a lot
smoother than I remember there though it
a lot of it story-wise really does
bother me I know you're on Team Iron Man
about the meeting oversight yeah but
they're walking nuclear bombs but you
know Secretary of State Ross is saying
like like I have some examples of when
you guys really effed up like New York
and not one of them well that was a bad
example but how about how about making
Ultron show oh sure sure no well
everybody he's like New York and you
know the The Avengers go you mean when
we saved the entire planet and it goes
Washington DC and I Captain America is
like you me when I uncovered a vast
conspiracy to murder hundreds of
thousands of people but about the whole
destroying South Africa a little bit of
South Africa a little bit of South
average over the what about the whole
strength South Africa that obviously was
bad but mind control and actually the
thing I was just
just aggravation it wasn't mind-control
no well it was it was he was he was I
always took that as he was like seeing
his nightmares and lashing out right
like the Scarlet Witch show cuz that's
what she was doing to everyone else that
shows people those matters but but so
then we get to ultra and obviously
totally Tony Stark's fault
yes hundred percent and actually that's
what I I really liked about it is his
character arc like it makes sense why
he's on the side of he's punishing
himself for the devastation in serkova
so I really like that about it figure
this shit okay let's go to my garage
wait why isn't this isn't on yeah hold
on we're getting there it's turning on
okay control the controlling needs to be
turned on huh apparently yeah maybe
didn't boom-boom right away I just
unplugged you you should be able to
there we go
nothing that's a guide probably download
a thing or something this server driver
no except that no I'll tap out of here
hold on yeah we did you turn the stream
on for this by the way no when people
can't even see rocket League yet I know
I did them did you oh are you okay hold
on what up with this controller Oh UO
started here that could be it might not
like the hub and which seems bizarre but
maybe it's something vo the hub well
it's a very long cord we could always
plug it into stations but oh it's uh -
the hub yeah yeah the cord should be
able to make it all the way to your
computer I know also for everyone
talking about the computer overheating
because it's Jack's tiny case PC this
was this is my richest computer its
riches computer and he's not running
the software to run these graphics card
so maybe that's it what is bum bum bum
I'll Pat me out of here maybe this is
Windows seven and that's an Xbox one
controller we're gonna we're gonna -
hold on hold on Xbox one I'm typing on
my laptop I was typing on my laptop and
gosh darn it
hey everybody so Captain America in any
case no one defended themselves to
secretary Ross right oh yeah you
probably own a mouse you know yeah and I
was really upset with that but like
everyone's side kind of made sense to me
I I did find one huge glaring technical
flaw yep I support a slight spoiler
alert for the end of Captain America
Civil War if you have not seen it not
total spoiler alert but slight spoiler
alert for the end of Captain America
Civil War
captain and Bucky are fighting iron man
yeah an iron man uses his chest beam to
burn off Bucky's arm okay but Bucky's
arm is made out of vibranium so it
shouldn't be able to do that
I wish you could see I wish you could
see the look that rich is giving me
right now because what we saw in Ultron
Ultron at the end of open Emma might
need to unplug it and plug it back in at
the end of Ultron Iron Man's Chest beam
visions head beam and Thor's lightning
barely melted Ultron's vibranium coating
right but Iron Man was able to just do
it with his with his he was really mad
he was really mad like really really mad
ah yeah its vibranium because remember
he's uh his arm is vibranium because
when did they say that when did they say
that oh they never said that but I'm
about to tell you there's a scene where
he's fighting the Black Panther and the
Black Panther has the special ring and
it reacts to Bucky's arm I hate myself
so much right now yeah then why does
Black Panthers ring like gobbledygook
with Bucky's armor I always assumed that
was because it was vibranium
fucking Xbox the book the Black Panther
has his special ring that he takes from
his dead father to make him be the
controller you're sitting at your crotch
and I'm not gonna reach over to your
crotch to try and get the controller to
work he has he has the ring that he
takes from his father when his father
died and you know what Conda is the home
of all vibranium so you can only assume
that that ring has some sort of
vibranium power or something right we
could use the steam controller I guess
we're gonna have to use this alright
we're gonna use the steam controller as
fuck because that's my life apparently
this doesn't like the Xbox one
controller no the ring totally vibrated
during that scene I thought indicating
that the arm was vibranium and the arm
is bulletproof and super-strong and he
uses it to rip open metal doors I guess
I just assumed his arm was vibranium
everyone everyone's saying his arm was
towing that vibranium but and I know
it's well if Iron Man can't melt
vibranium and he melted Bucky's arm then
it can't be vibranium I was I was pretty
sure that oh you have to be wrong of
course it or or they made a slight
mistake and they knew they wanted to
melt his arm off at one point they said
Iron Man's Chest I can do it it's by the
way totally fucked my life it's totally
not an important thing I was fuck fuck
my wife it was just something it was
just something I was watching and I said
oh that's weird how could it melt
Bucky's arm oh hold on someone sent me a
wiki order article about Bucky's arm
about the cinematic universe although
I'm totally gonna read this
yay I guess we're reading about the arm
I want to know if the arm was supposed
to be vibranium I just want to see if
the arm is very bring him he's just a
cybernetic arm I'm getting there
don't worry jet rich is gonna play
rocket League well I look up Bucky
Barnes is a cybernetic arm
this is so interesting it's it was it
really wasn't that oh is that your skin
yep
that's a really cool skin though right
my tires Jack whoa you got mad sweet
effects this article is poorly optimized
it's very important to me to figure out
what his bionic arm is made out of now
Oh for fuck's sake he's very very bored
me no way oh yeah little sunglasses too
yeah yeah I mean look at the expanded
inventory but I believe it there's
different versions of like the same hat
oh there's different versions of the
same hat this one keeps track of how
many areal goals you score oh you know
what that was a tf2 thing - oh yeah that
so they had stuff they had stuff called
strange weapons and it would keep track
of kills or heels and stuff like that
I'd be so annoyed if this weren't all
just cosmetic right
steam stop bringing up the fuck stop
bringing up this overlay shit I'm not
hitting alright so I can't use this pad
that's fine and steam controller you're
stupid so I've never this is a new mode
I've never played this rumbled mode
before me okay cool let's see what it's
about you know what let's see what it's
all about
Oh weird
what's weird is using this with a
fucking steam controller mm-hmm he
doesn't care he's just reading about
buggies fucking arm
yeah I'm just reading about the arm I
just want to know what it's made out of
it doesn't really say what it's made out
of Wow well how I Oh lipstick what oh
you can punch people that's neat
how do I earn those just got here can
anyone confirm if this is running this
is running on Rich's computer we're
streaming from Ritchie's computer whoa
Oh what
there's stores power-ups Oh neat meat
I'm very sorry about that I got I got a
little transfixed with the the makeup of
Bucky Barnes is a cybernetic arm doesn't
save her it does not say vibranium it
also doesn't Oh for fuck's a vibranium
it's not vibranium why the ring jiggled
when it was near the arm
there's vibranium in there somewhere
okay let's I'll leave it go for now I'm
good I guess all I can say is I'm gonna
do some deep research into Bucky's arm
how can you how can you be stirring out
of fancy new rocket League mode and be
worried about
Bucky's fuckin arm cuz that's the joke
now rich the joke oh my god you just
spider-man did that was great that's
great let's see here where Oh Jack and
rich Evans did you see the Dead Rising
films uh some part of the like crackle
hmm that's a part of one of them's fine
okay
I haven't seen them but read mix things
there there add the way they set up ads
was so obnoxious I couldn't finish oh
sure every minute they've played a full
commercial and no oh yeah that sounds
like it's suck
I thought Warcraft was decent video game
movie and doom is a guilty pleasure to
laugh
Oh Stanley Kubrick says hey guys huge
rlm and prereq fan just wondering if
you've ever heard of a YouTube channel
called blame society films thanks keep
up the good work and looking forward to
the next blanket review I have I have
heard of that but I can't tell you why
or where or how how about that how about
that Stanley Kubrick the blue blaze hey
guys since you seem to know who Yahtzee
is when I mentioned let's drown out are
you a fan of zero punctuation yeah but I
started watching unless we started doing
this because I don't want to color my
views yep it's a game i we've already
done or I know we're not gonna do I
might watch it but and you know I know
he was on The Escapist and I don't think
that's a website anymore so I don't even
know where to find his reviews anymore
I haven't heard anything about them
going down oh I thought they were I know
I know he's she's doing it at YouTube oh
it is you know but as far as I know The
Escapist isn't dead oh I thought it was
that shows you how much I've been paying
attention yeah so once we started doing
the show I stopped watching other
people's reviews
well shadowy lead 5 says give a youtube
link instead did this work you must
watch link will this work I don't know
and future famous person says when is
plinky gonna do a buffalo bold pizza
rolls unboxing video that's it that's
the important question tomorrow it'll be
out tomorrow mr. cliff says hey guys the
Xbox one controller requires a driver to
work with Windows 7 and we've noticed
thank you for that link we will I tried
downloading what it still didn't seem to
work so I just switched to the steam
controller which is very weird for me to
use yeah well we'll get that will fix
all this oh oh that's a neat one that is
anyone we we're going to these buttons
feel so small to unify our experience
we're going to make sure we upgrade this
computer to Windows 10 maybe maybe we'll
come in early on Wednesday and do this
stuff and traitor to Zeke says this is
late because I got in a hand of fate
endless ooh I'm shooting a wet well if
you're late yeah but thanks for
recommending hand to fate just 100
percent in a second hundred percent in a
second time this time on hard your
recommendation has consumed two hundred
hours of my damn life well that's great
yeah hand if a it's a great game oh shit
oh yeah I know they're working on a
sequel
oh rich hey shit happens yeah it does
yeah I'm excited about just the hand of
fate in general I'm wondering what
they're gonna do with a sequel that they
can't accomplish when it with an
expansion maybe some more character
designs that would be great oh you saw
the hand of fate Siegel and alpha looks
amazing oh well that's great that's
great I'm excited
Lloyd Beach says Jack since you won't
accept my duelist friend requests oh I'm
sorry you know what Lloyd B's I haven't
been on recently that's why I haven't
accepted just because I have not played
recently because I've been playing other
things for prereq so it wasn't anything
in particular I really like duelist I'm
gonna get back to it but it'sit's
nothing personal I just been playing
other stuff duelist is a really fun game
though
what's my highest rank I don't think I'm
not very far into it I've only gotten to
like rank 18 maybe I think it's been a
while I'm not very far but next time I
hop onto a list I will make sure to
accept your friend request
they save dipshit that's right jack
burgers I have other video games to play
for work we were we're doing we're doing
some sir you are being hunted and before
that we're gonna do event zero a couple
a couple Shorty's that we can play and
talk about give me some episodes to edit
so then we can play some games for fun
but no no diamond no s ranks yet I'm
still I'm still just you know collecting
cards getting up in on it
zombie Pro is striking us down dragging
us down I'm sorry Rachel hey guys have
you seen or are planning to play the
house abandon the you need to be same or
word just a neat take on the text
adventure genre by one of the guys from
alien isolation team Ivan I have not
heard of it but uh put a link in the
chat that was no I mean that's how you
use that power up right there yeah put a
link in chat to a video or something
written about it and we'll take a look
all right there you go check either try
this shit okay I'm gonna try this shit
and then we'll make we'll make room to
play with you yeah yeah let me just play
for oh god that's right this team you
know it's so weird and then oh this
thing's a monstrosity we keep it around
for situations like this they needed to
make room for those giant pads that
don't work well right right
this thing's awful you hear that you
hear it it's awful it's awful I don't
need to turn on my mic I just need to
get closer to my face their shadow at
leap 5 says generally 5 speaking of
Bucky's armed yeah this is a very
important question for Jackie what is
Iron Man's armor made of right some kind
of titanium alloy if I remember from
Iron Man 1 though which yeah that's like
the first suit right it could have
changed a dozen times
yeah the Mach 1 was titanium alloy but
uh I can only assume something like that
just make it out of titanium well no you
need an alloy so it's lighter if it's
just Itanium it's gonna be very heavy
what know what why you're making faces
how do you know how heavy Titan
vibranium is oh you know you said you
they should have just made it out of
titanium
no no vibranium yeah oh my green why
does he just make it out of vibranium I
can only assume vibranium is very heavy
wouldn't you think a a metal that
absorbs energy would that be heavy I
don't know that there's a great job of
aiming the ball at your own team's net I
was I was trying to bounce it and I and
I saved it so it's okay oh we're still
doing this thing uh-huh
how do you get power that stick they
recharge every now and then you got one
now it's some kind of wheel thing I
don't know what it does but it's almost
out I'm forgetting what buttons do one
so wait what do you mean let's take a
look push down on it yeah huh oh I see
yeah we know
oh it's great what job jack listen I'm
still goddamn monster talking about tech
tanning bullshit and get a magnet thing
oh I see I'm gonna get closer
oh well that did a lot of good I'm
pretty good at this game I don't know if
you noticed Wow oh sweet
I was pretty great that was sweet but uh
well he and he can't make his suit out
of vibranium because it's very hard to
come by and it's a very rare material I
know whatever whatever and you know the
the the abundance of it was you know
Ultron took and then and then had to uh
and then they melted him and blew him up
so I don't care whatever that's true
that's true rich freezin it's not
freezing oh there go I think you got to
be closer okay I get it
shit I don't know about the power-ups I
don't need the show of randomly I don't
know it seems like a good way to make
this game a headache it's it's just an
option it's just one of those like for
fun things right yeah oh I understand I
understand once we're done with this
that will open up a room and and just
play regular rocket League yes the first
man first gold steel Ally doves a gold
titanium alloy I thought I don't there
was no gold that's just the paint coat
well it was a gold alloy in there
there's a gorge that was their excuse
for the gold color oh I think no no he
just wanted it to look like a hot rod he
saw a picture of I don't know about that
I'm pretty sure there's supposed to be
gold in there somewhere if you think
yeah
first rooms all silver yeah remember the
first one was all silver yeah
and then he almost died and so let's add
some gold or something sad something you
looked at a picture of a car I don't
know I forget so the picture of the car
that that makes it not freeze I don't
you know I don't know man it's been the
fucking ever since I saw Iron Man 1 whoa
oh yeah I'm forgetting I'm completely
forgetting how to play rocket League now
we've been you know the boys have been
watching all the Marvel Cinematic
Universe is so like a lot of them are
just melding together in my brain gold
was for freezing red was hot rod oh
there we go so we were we were both
right I was more right because you said
it wasn't gold huh I was more right sure
you know I find out okay he the point is
he looks at a hot rod and he said I want
to be a hot rod right you're getting
wrecked in this conversation and in the
game he wanted it to look like a hot rod
that is a true statement that if you
don't like you power up and you don't
want to use it because it wouldn't be
beneficial can you switch it out oh
that's a fine question rich
that's a fine fine question away from
you
boom
I almost did something cool I came
really close to doing something cool
Iron Man 3 would have been great if the
twist had gone full 360 and Ben Kingsley
really was the Mandarin no no don't be
dumb no that was that was the Smart Play
that's what made it interesting driving
to the ball and use your stick oh I was
there step is scored because of that I
was there this jumped right past it
terrible terrible
mmm-hmm I just won't play this mode I
don't I don't think I like this what is
that what does that do I think that's
the punching glove right no it's active
now whatever it is did you punch
something I don't know hey someone else
punch something shit
something's happening area let the box
Oh jack that's pretty I had it though
like I almost did something cool again I
mean we lost yeah yeah you know all
right I'm gonna more this to our setup
I'm setting up a room all right daddy
I'm setting up a room to be sandwich
says do be sandwich say Ricardo have you
ever played a PC game that you adored
despite it consistently crashing or
freezing on you I felt this way for the
Talos principle and I was running it on
a modern computer I know I have had this
happen and no I don't remember what game
it was I know I've had that happen where
it's just like a game you really enjoy
it but technical products technical
problems that would crash frequently Oh
God
this has been a thing I just don't
remember what the hell gave you was so
yes but I can't properly answer your
question I'm sorry
okay the room is prereq one word the
password is one-two-three-four prereq
one two three four come and joined let's
play some rocket League I've heard good
things about the Talos principle that's
what that's a game that's on our list
yeah a list of things to play no I
should join dead dead rising yeah I
think that crashed a lot because the 360
is a piece of shit but I remember
playing a game I don't know what it was
it crashed a lot more freakily net oh
yeah and I'm pretty new to the whole PC
thing so you just playing normal are you
playing powerup mode there's normal he's
normal yeah fuck powerup mode you don't
like it no I did not like it at all
alright huh I you know what it's one of
those things where if I got bored I'm
not bored with this game mode but I
could see if if I was playing this game
mode more how I would want something
different but I still like this if I'm
going for something different I would go
with like their hockey or the the
randomizer one sure I don't care for the
power-ups yeah
oh then they advertise something about a
demolition derby mode oh really you know
what we kind of I don't know it might
not work but I'd be interested trying
like you get demoed you're out until the
next goal that that might get really bad
really quick I don't know yes it would
but it could be fun it could be
potentially be fun sure nice nice Mario
Mario you were there like this oh it was
both of us
I thought he you know what it's okay
it's okay can we even look about Bucky's
vibranium arm some more yes
you gave him enough of a nudge yeah that
I was able to go in proper we were both
there traitor to Z says what next for my
hand of fate play completing game on
hard not unlocking any cards except
through bosses and then only playing
endless or only endless from the get-go
PS hope your week improves rich I should
it should thankfully it's just starting
now that's true it's Sunday I want to
hang out here a bit later tonight after
the stream so I can try and get the rest
of the bad paint job off of Karin's new
PC case so I can try and paint it again
and hopefully it won't suck this time I
gotta figure out exactly what I did
wrong was like we're just too close with
the spray can i problem I hope that was
it the paint I used was paint and primer
so I didn't use a primer it's dead
painting primer sure that shouldn't
matter like it's just I'm gonna use a
primer this time anyway I'm not taking
any chances now yeah back up with via
first go down first coat did not go on
perfectly there's some areas it looked
bad so I went to do a second coat it was
also
pretty flat so I want to do a second
coat and a second coat when I'm blotchy
and them bubbly and did you not give it
enough time to dry their day well all
evening you gave it a day to dry uh
probably about 12 hours maybe give it a
little bit longer to dry between coats
maybe everything's supposed to take more
than a few hours but I gave him one man
I gave it like 12
so yeah better safe then Safari that's
what they say shit she do use your
double jump jack I my brain not fast
enough
my brain did not work fast enough rich
okay well this is some intense sock
whoring sand between coats
oh sure that might help I could try
I don't know if that'll help with the
splotchiness though I think that just
you just might have had a bum coat you
know hmm hmm Danny we're trying to get
it off the plastic front was a nightmare
I believe it
I used googan which took off the paint
but also fucked up the plastic so I
spent a hour - before you got here
sending the plastic case something
resembling even in flat the plastic part
of the case that is right
mara mara give us a solid I got it yep
we're gonna see why is rich trying to
paint the case anyway because it's my
fiance's case and I wanted to look nice
as I would do something nice for her
I was gonna paint it a nice purple yeah
and and put some flowers not it I get
pretty stencils make it pretty yeah
that's I mean maybe maybe it's just
because I'm a nerd but I think that's a
very romantic gesture thank you jack
she thought so yeah I was gonna do it as
a surprise but I figured well what if
she doesn't like what I do with that you
know concession consult then she got all
excited about buying stencils and then I
go to paint it and I fuck the fucking
paint job up I feel like an ass you know
Oh put the thump of the way I got a kill
all the people I put on off I know
you're excited about this but now you
don't get it wait I thought you were
gonna get it and I'm sorry
yeah I was inspired though when I was
looking at paints and whatnot for her
case I went to Autozone I got some nice
like metallic red I'm gonna fucking
paint my next like Iron Man
no gold just red just red keep it simple
I don't I don't let the Iron Man theme
computer anyway no you need like a
pinstripe on it like I do silver pins
I'm like Finn silver silver pinstripe
off-center along the front yeah that'd
be awesome
thicker one thinner one next to it oh
you know what next one was Karen's idea
yeah now you're talkin that's what they
do here fancy cars and she server went
down okay server went down for
maintenance really that's what it just
said I don't know if it's still
happening eggs isn't the main menu and
try and set it up again forgetting this
though just the main menu and try and
set it up again I can't imagine they
took all of rocket League down maybe
maybe if you set it up again it'll set
it up itself up on a different server
unable to find server create private
match Oh
it's not everyone not our damn fault
we're just having a we're having an off
night here we're just having one of
those off nights and that's gonna be
fine it's gonna have to be fine there we
go
I should probably join here we go let's
rock this joint rockin and a-rollin
rockin and rollin Hawking Bow Wow right
League I like your new jet your new uh
your new rocket your lightning oh yeah
that's pretty badass I thought so too
that's why I used to lightning it for
Braco
oh they got one that I don't have it's
pixel fire eight 8-bit flame trails
that's one of the super rare ones that
you have to pay for a key to buy a
chance of getting it's such bullshit I
love it rich you know why that's ionics
they really like money yeah oh they're
gonna make it they're gonna make it a
make it well and hopefully they're doing
it's smart we're like you said they're
not no no no they're not messing up the
core experience but that's okay I pour a
portion of the proceeds go to funding
eSports oh yeah quite frankly they've
earned it but uh yeah yeah it's only
good if a word cosmetic I I'd be pissed
but it's cosmetic yeah then I'm making
you pay in game for like rocket boost
well getting rid of the rocket pickups
and every time you want more boost it's
five cents five cents to reveal the
boost you can wait two hours and watch
some advertisement Oh pay five cents
yeah
I mean they could have done some shit
like that is your credit card
information up-to-date and cuz you know
that's gonna matter
whoa
nice nice shit shit
no that's EA's rocket League yes now you
get it
yay so much blue someone said that
someone saved me from myself
hang back hang back wait for my chance
wait for my opportunity to - nope
oh wow not even cannot even close right
there maybe they made a fun game that
you can get for twenty bucks they want
they wanna make a ton of money selling
hats
oh whatever yeah works for tf2
when spray-painting yeah do light coats
and don't keep the button depressed
while going back and forth press stroke
release press stroke release like that
shouldn't take more than 15 minutes for
a stroke to drive but does then you're
spraying too much of time I think that's
what I did wrong oh sure a little heavy
on the button yep
I'm I'm probably a little bit too close
and putting on a little too thick I
think that's what I did
a lot of things I spray paint here just
for some prop there were it's gonna be
on camera for like five minutes somebody
did quick again it sprayed it's painted
let's go
I think a lot of times it's still wet
when it's on camera we got the big giant
fan right yeah you're still in make it
quick and fast oh that was an
embarrassing whiff not you who was that
someone someone on the other team and
what about you on camera everyone one
pimp small what were you doing in look
at look at our defender here no no oh no
it's Nigel pepper cock he thought
somebody else is gonna take care of it
maybe he was shocked when I got by the
other defender sure I don't know what
you were doing what a fancy jump to
nowhere when the ball was going left it
goes up I was we already had people on
the ground but having me on the ground
wouldn't do any good but having me go up
in case it went up that didn't help at
all that doesn't oh oh that was really
nice sending it down the field yeah
but then when she got down the field
right I just send it down the wrong side
of the field I sent it down towards my
goal which is not the right place to
send it
nice nice the plink pedalboard entirely
different type of paid that's not
spray-painted anywhere that's all I have
exterior outdoor paint when I'm with a
roller right why does something thick
and durable on that and then the other
one the the edges the colorful edges
that's all cheap acrylic paint on foam
and it looks great it looks fucking
great it does look great
yeah when cattle board looks great so
that was that was just made differently
that was not a product of spray paint I
don't think I've done one thing this
game that's okay you're winning we're
winning so I'm gonna be okay yeah it's a
mascot I'll be the mascot before you're
using the steam Patrol and I was playing
earlier and I was like oh my god this
all feels wrong like even when you're
not using the the pads the the steam
controller feels very wrong oh saved it
saved it though all right oh that's fine
it's all fine he'd knock it in Oh didn't
I AJ pimp sale page a pimp sale a jape
it's all somebody somebody just edit out
that is a separate thing Jack saying age
a pimp age a pimp sale agent pencil Erin
you play for a little bit aged a pimp
sale brings it back after after you had
that the Miss from earlier what if you
for some reason the steam controller
this goes straight to this crap okay I
know I didn't bind that oh I'll get
carried atomic Lynch sooner man says
whatever happened to that second best of
the worst you guys recorded how are you
holding it until after the blanket
review it's been too busy working on
something else
it wasn't a J pimps all is I believe the
his full name not age a pimp sale I'm
not gonna say tomorrow but it's not far
off
it's not far off server went down again
we'll get one more game in I'm able to
call it servers keep going down and
that's fine
shit yeah you did that
AJ pimp saw you that was a that was a
clutch save alright and we're back ooh I
like this arena though that looks cool
dad
look at it yeah look at it yeah it's
just big and kind of gonna plane well it
looks cool though I was at a thing in
front of the net
how are you playing hoops no you playing
hoops
Oh interesting
there's a thing bark under the net well
this is kind of a split yeah it's weird
it's weird yeah no rich did not say
tomorrow he just said no soon it's not
gonna be tomorrow I'm not doing a thing
it's not gonna be tomorrow or are you
doing a thing and saying it's not gonna
be tomorrow wink wink wink wink Ted said
as the Millennials get older are you
dreading the inevitable wave of 90s
nostalgia much like the 80s nostalgia
we've been living in for years now
Ellison Nirvana nostalgia you know what
is there what is there to be had for 90s
nostalgia what could one look forward to
other than some good music
honestly cargo shorts look what idiots
wear what they want shit
no and actually here's here's the fun
thing we won't get 90s nostalgia because
mid-90s is when we started the nostalgic
train mid 90s is when swing music came
back right and so if we got mid 90s
nostalgia it would actually be a swing
will be RiRi back it'll be nostalgia for
the nostalgia we had for swing music I'm
sure there's such a thing that's
happened before I'm sure we've had to
stall jet for a thing that was nostalgic
that breaks my brain a little bit yeah
super baggy clothes and and flannels
which I guess flannels are back because
of hipsters bud
damn nice
I didn't know no dumb Tiny's kids Jack
thinks he invented nostalgia I'm just
saying like that's when nostalgia
started becoming the popular culture I
don't remember a time in the late 80s
where we were saying man let's all be
flapping oh yes we need some nostalgia
for Ace of Base I agree I saw the sign
and it opened up my eyes and I am happy
now here without you whoa Oh sounds like
something I could do without Ace of Base
yeah yeah it was terrible oh wait is
that a is that a mesh in front of it
yeah I can't go through that No
as a mesh it's a mesh
I love a man I love Ace of Base to
smashmouth never stops
smashmouth is forever smashmouth it will
last five lifetimes
babi shadow Levi's says this is the most
important tip you will ever receive when
is the next planket review coming god
damn it won't be tomorrow I'm waiting I
would love you know I would love so much
for it to come out tomorrow yeah you
know the day I would love for it to come
out the day after her stream cuz then we
can say it comes out to me yes it'll be
true yeah you know what that would be
great you know who probably won't care
about doing that as Mike yeah he
wouldn't give a shit
so another thing a lot of people think
the date on the salad is relevant it's
not that was just the date on the salad
problem yeah oh my god red letter media
was so clever I wish we thought of that
now they had the date of the release of
Sally
salad conspiracies nope that would have
been awesome that would have been great
but of course that would also mean that
they would know when it's coming out and
their total there already is a red
letter media Cinematic Universe and
there haven't you haven't you already
connected blanket to half in the bag
which is the only thing that has a
storyline what's my favorite Newman
salad dressing oh I'm sure they're all
great actually not played I had no idea
that was Newman's salad until I opened
the container oh where do I go with this
George Lucas money no you probably knew
Paul Newman yeah I don't need salads
that often I'll be very honest with you
you're right this Aryan part what metal
is mr. plinkus wheelchair made out of
I'm gonna say aluminum because I think
that's almost Ammar made out of aluminum
but it's been polished with wudu I'd
and it you know it's like I guess the
going going back to Bucky's arm which I
know everyone is really excited to hear
about I guess the whole ring vibrating -
Bucky's arm thing really could have just
been showing that Black Panther was
surprised at how strong the arm want oh
nice save rich Oh double save you
couldn't you can't had driven it all the
way after the double save but I did
anyway Jack I did anyway congratulations
well played well played well played so
it maybe it wasn't the ring vibrating
maybe it was just the Black Panthers
hand being surprised at how strong the
prosthetic arm was I read it as the ring
was reacting to another piece of
vibranium so it could be on me I guess I
always just assumed it was vibranium
because it's bulletproof in a very
strong metal so
that's over
a surprise yeah I could have been a
surprise damn
maybe it's a vibranium alloy I'm this is
gonna be this is gonna be a big chunk of
my morning tomorrow I'm gonna dedicate
it to figuring out what bookies arm is
what metal Bucky's arm is made out of
specifically Marvel Cinematic Universe
Bucky not kamek Bucky are we done I'm
done
I mean we're back at the Bucky's armed
so yeah good game good game everyone
good game
let me hit the little sub button
exclamation point room doesn't end just
won't leave right other people can play
if they're having fun organizing the
chess start your own fucking game then I
don't know uh I do have children I care
for but they'll go to school tomorrow
morning and so I'll have the morning to
myself so I'll have how much do you love
school how much do I love it's not just
school rich they're both in school full
day you know for a while my half days
preschool is only Hampton yeah
and so you know drop them both off in
the middle of the day like stop whatever
I'm doing go get one yep now they're
both full days it's the greatest thing
in the world loves it
love it you know I'm good you got to
pick out a lunchbox he's five years old
rich and the biggest thing in his world
was like eating lunch at school was like
now I'm a I'm a big kid I get to eat
lunch at school he picked he picked out
a kylo Ren lunchbox cuz he loves bad
guys and Star Wars oh he was the
happiest kid in the world
he was great so no they love it they're
just dickheads on Friday they're just
way too tired
oh yes and sick of each other wait where
did the subs think oh so give each other
they can't be in the same class IV odd
oh no no sorry that was a whole
different conversation that seeped into
my brain oh oh Friday they're just
overtired okay and then they're sick of
each other because like they get home
and they're both overtired and then they
start fighting over toys ooh where did
my subs thing go what the blue blazes I
have a stack exchange post that can put
all this to rest what I real click on
great wait I'm gonna click on that the
blue blaze
let's explain what you've got okay let's
see this blank screen there there is
something called a sigh a sci-fi Stack
Exchange science fiction and fantasy
exchange of some kind and so the
question is the Winter Soldier has a
metallic arm and being a Marvel property
it's unlikely to be something as simple
and straightforward as aluminum or steel
so what metal is it made out of that is
the question and the highest-rated
answer is there is no cannon source
information regarding the alloys used to
create the winter soldiers bionic arm
given its displayed characteristics
titanium a6 because I read titanium
alloys would be most likely material
used in exo-armor coating of the
cybernetic prosthetic okay so there is
no cannon so this has been a pointless
debate utterly pointless
you know this real loud oh sorry I am
well so they they they have kind of
showing their math adamantium or
secondary adamantium not likely this see
see you can't be the the cinematic
universe can't be adamantium oh you're
probably right so definitely carbonadium
okay I don't know what that is no while
it has an excellent damage resistance
and the next entender when you when you
can't get at a man tiem carbonadium is
unfortunately highly radioactive so it's
not carbonadium whatever that is
vibranium is it vibranium while not
considered particularly tough in the
cannon marvel universe vibranium seems
quite durable in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe Captain America's shield the
names to use not primarily adamantium
but a vibranium alloy the possibility
that the arm is made or coated in
vibranium is interesting but not likely
given Howard Starks assertion that
Captain America shield was all the
vibranium in the world of course that
was way back in World War two oh so
there's not even Canon in the comics for
his metal arm is what they're saying
isn't that surprising nurse what no one
has figured this out it's surprising
that nobody has figured this out yes
right the arm is super strong and still
has articulated surfaces given the
relatively thin coating of shield metal
is needed to be quite tough because the
arm has blocked small and medium
creators of the Marvel Universe and the
current creators of the Marvel Universe
don't care about that kind of continuity
they don't care
back in the day back in the 80s to be a
fucking handbook describing not only
what it was made of you know how his arm
was made yes like Tom DeFalco and Mark
Grunwald would be all over that shit and
Jim shooter would be encouraging them
yes of course
now what's gonna sell the movie at a
time that's more civil wars and bother
coming I want to do a story
or so-and-so is gay and now the books
have taken suit again hey you know what
those the Civil War movies really
popular let's do civil war - oh god
they're like midway through Savannah or
- I know joke rich I know goddamn joke
okay so there is no official Canon on
Bucky's metal arm but we do know exactly
what darth vader suit is made out of
you're absolutely right
Genghis Borgnine says I wish winter
soldiers arm was made out of VR so Jack
would stop caring about it I like that
thank you
well get your fucking VR some apps that
don't look like ass and won't care okay
hold on I got a type in the subs thing
again subs because I missed the first
one
wait don't scroll away these are all the
subs that sub to us today hopefully I
didn't miss any but these are all the
subs that subbed Bucky okay where are we
like a feminine subscribe to us thank
you a feminine Frisco Jones 25 fucking
months in a row that's incredible specs
poor for 23 months in a row since we're
passing a laptop oh we did three each
sure and specs for says 20 months feel
like it was only yesterday when you guys
started you know it kind of does yeah it
does it's been a little does since we've
been streaming and it really does feel
like we just started BM p 59 welcome
Killroy Mick Trump all this time I
haven't been working on my next book I
have been eating the most secret spinach
and salad recipes the most secret
I was killed Raymond trunk ok jyggalag 5
no to press the unsubscribe button and
shit I get it I get it I get it
rich read Stardust 20 fucking months in
a row carry washer 3 Lasher says hey
boyos
enjoyed your sexy salad unboxing which
Evans sexy salad unboxing starving
Mogwai welcome purple space bazooka for
20 fucking months in a row hooray
20 months of hack a fraud goodness keep
up the good work and if you have free
time please consider fucking my cock
thanks perhaps 78 webs the web oh geez
Lord Belmont 18 months in a row Lord
Bowman says 18 months you hack frauds
John b8 2021 fucking months in a row
thanks for being awesome as always that
was John B John B and going on the sloop
John B know what I'm talking about and a
grandfather and me what a Beach Boys
song about sailing I wish never the last
one so I can awkwardly hit the stop
streaming button but that's not the last
one here Pet Sounds there's more there's
more names to read and now you're giving
me the cut off material you've chosen
now to give me the cut off material
krieger seven eight three twenty four
fucking months in a row I gave you the
best two years of my life used to two
more Cheers second sucks I don't want
the next
years there there there there ii hear
the rundown years we had the best it
just gets better
circa six think I want lesser quality
goods by the way rich what's a good six
has been subscribed to us for twenty
eight fucking months in a row said the
longest possible is that currently 28
thank you fleshy patch for twenty four
fucking months in a row
oh and once I saw a blimp okay we're
gonna get to 36 sooner or later have
something planned
Oh God what do we do I don't nothing
fucking motherfucking that's how you do
it thirty-six sure all right or do we do
thirty no we gotta read we got to
correct the ship then 20 that's funny
was a mistake it should have been twenty
four fucking months in a row yeah yeah
no was the last one you didn't sugars
cupcakes s GRS of sugars I'm guessing
sure without the vowels sugars
Lego face Lego faces
this isn't salad I subscribe for salad
sagen one two two zero twenty fucking
months in a row it's crazy that's crazy
Sagan two to zero
Oh y'all Oh y'all crazy like Biff in
bridge nine more XCOM in PC builds says
Biffen bridge nine-toed decimals lady
Denning and user renamed for twenty
three fucking months
keep up the good work at some point I'm
gonna have to go to ex-cop I haven't
checked out the DLC yet oh yes use a
rename welkins the clown 20 fucking
months in a row
nasty flawed 13 months in a row nasty
flawed says hi guys I'm not sure if you
mentioned it but do you have any plans
for pass-through well we'll get to all
the brains sooner or later I'm sure I've
got too long we get some time it's time
Phoenix great call it a more brew next
time we're talking about what movie did
you for muscle worse I'm advocating
heavily for the Braemore Breen evil
crash 9 evil crash 9 says looks like
team rocket League is blasting off again
MC Lucas coming close to success with 27
fucking months in a row it's still
impressive it's very impressive
MC Lucas says you guys are the best and
I say no you guys are the best
you know I'm saying you do my name is
Tate 15 months in a row a clock work
Stalin 23 fucking months in a row and
Sarah Chen surgeon says oh snap five
months to go one less than three y'all
lay off them drugs Harry
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciated it's true we really really
do I would like to start some headcanon
for Bucky's are
