Jul 3, 2016
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/81734925
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/81735485
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dst6Xhqmq8s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHems-oLfOY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/749679050336014336

[Part I]
I wanted to or not we started streaming
a little bit later than promised but
we're here we're feeling great fucking
deal
we got Phoenix right we got we got
overlay version o six it's working it's
working everybody well I'm sure the TV
some down by the way I heard something
fun we got that watcher up
I was playing tf2 to make up for the
fact that you weren't streaming well why
are we playing tf2 there's overwatch to
be played it looks terrible yep thank
you what's wrong now everything
everything's wrong with everything I
think it's the gray on the side because
the square shape oh you know what I can
move the that's right because we're
doing the DS game ah hold on I didn't
even think about that
we're not playing a rectangular game we
are not playing a right thing in the
game
here's what I can do though move it over
a little bit then at least the greys
even well you know that makes it that
makes it a little bit better I'm gonna
I'm gonna say it does at least alright
great
now at least the greys even why is it
baby blue rich made a couple of color
suggestions ah blue I thought works
really well with the red and the yellow
I think that's uh it looks better than
expected there we go better better few
butters more great all right we're gonna
play Phoenix right now let us know if
you can hear the game you should be able
to hear the game and end us hi hi
everybody
check turkey royce this is better thank
you visa train let us know if this is
better or let us know if you can hear
the game
Kirkland says Jack this looks fucking
awesome hey all right you know like now
that I see it on screen I think I might
make the gradient a little more
pronounced there is a slight gradient on
the buoy yeah I could use more of a
gradient I will make it a little more
pronounced also I think the curtains are
important that listen we will deal with
what is behind us after I get after we
get this sorted game's audible the game
is audible rich we did it
hey we did it get him right sometimes we
did it sir
it's our 800 stream we finally got it
right all right continue we are gonna
continue our Phoenix Wright journey
probably from save point from safe point
do you remember anything that happened
last Nino was murdered yeah sister was
blamed okay the sisters a paranormal nut
there was a witness across the street oh
that's right who was fucking the other
lawyer that's right that bitch that
bitty it's true and I believe we left
off with Phoenix proving that that the
the witness was in cahoots with the evil
lawyer yes that is what that it's
exactly what we've proved not Mina meeow
meeow meeow you know was the murderer
from dangerous men no Mia is the other
lawyer the other other lawyer who was
murdered in Phoenix right oh well there
you go yeah we get all of our Mina's
amuse 80th episode oh wait 800 800 okay
I guess 80 sounds way too low we've only
done 80 of these gods felt like a
thousand how many able to set the can be
eight hundred how wise a week what are
we cares twice a week for two years
approximately missing a few days here
and there that's like four maybe
I have no idea rich plus 100 weeks times
- so it's like - I don't you I keep
hearing weird noises I never you know
I've never heard anybody comment on
those unless they're just they're never
audible maybe they might be very very
quiet it's not right Jack it's not right
it's literally just me going oh no it's
you going thank you and I hope everyone
can hear it here you know what we can do
we can turn the desktop audio because we
don't have the game coming through the
desktop now okay those are the desktop
audio for this one I keep hearing it
okay and we can't hear the game audio at
all right now because it's going through
the microphone setup so it's like all I
can hear is thank you all right from
safe point boom all we hear is the fart
okay that's good well we turn the sound
up next time we'll see if it's audible
I'm not saying it very LOB's thank you
okay that's right
the bit the bitchy next-door lady was
fucking evil evil lawyer and and we are
trying to prove what are we trying to
prove that she's innocent
that maiya is innocent yes that man me
as in isn't
okay mr. right identity ma'am hi ma'am I
have no idea it's true you can be
everyone else cuz I'm Phoenix I know I
know I was
how was he doing her voice though it's
been silly do you have to look she's
kind of a mom look into her eyes I
believe in all kinds of nonsense
what are these fucking balls on my shirt
what the fuck is that
Darth Tim says hey gentlemen thanks to
you I started crypt of the necrodancer
I'm getting a decent beating now bTW do
you think your sense of humor is
translatable into another language
and I have no idea I don't even speak
another language if that's somebody who
speaks another language translation like
how does being a sarcastic dickhead
translate into French right we don't do
many puns right Ryan probably they're
saying I was just a random a random
high-pitched voice that you guys oh
you're doing a pretty you got out you
nailed it rich they're saying you nailed
it and those are called shirt balls
shirt balls so look at my shirt balls
mr. right okay you were amazing in there
oh really
I saw a so I think I might be your
newest fan oh I was just doing my job
you know ah yeah oh then yeah their
attorney was pretty cool too
what don't be a bitch about it that face
of his has wide eyes and trembling lips
it's it shivers up my spine I'm so
fucking horny right now but not for you
you're ugly
what's wrong with your hair
how much hair gel do you use I'm
honestly going bankrupt because your
hairdresser isn't hmm if you say so
so what happens with me no ghosts assure
you I get to go home now
well no I don't think so not yet at
least
no I see you're not a very good lawyer
after all but I got a great lead in
today's trial a lead yes a lead you dumb
dumb lady that man with Miss May he's
the key
oh I get it
dude do you what do you Maya Mayer who
said that do I get to go home now
what happened to miss me after that
anyway I heard they arrested her I guess
she's learning her charms won't work
everywhere she's probably at the
detention center now I may have to go
down there later anyway
sure balls this case is far from closed
yes sir I know why I think that's
determination determination oh yeah we
will get the the resep someone who's
asking in chat if we're reading the
resub comments we will read those when
we thank subscribers that that comes
over in beefcakes watcher so don't worry
about that we will read your recent
scription we gots too much shit there's
a lot of stuff to read and we're trying
to we're trying to get into freedom
right I'm going to find out more about
this man do you think he was the one who
may be so he was definitely the one that
oh I can't I couldn't think of anything
because obviously she was like do you
think he's not murdered he was
definitely the one that farted in the
elevator I know it was him that's not
really so important that's super
important because everyone was blaming
me sis
I mean I wasn't you know I'm sad so
don't say nonsensical words I'll find
him by tomorrow I promise I'm counting
on you
oh my god what a terrible frame to leave
that on I asked for a full record of
April Mays testimony I thought it might
come in handy during the trial tomorrow
but now that I have it I'm not so sure
most of her testimony was all lies
in fact there are only part there's only
one part that hasn't been stricken from
the record butchy okay great I don't
know how much good this will do me at
all now anyway time to hit the pavement
and do some investigating Maya doesn't
belong in that detention center and it's
up to me to set her free
Bom Bom to be continued
so this time it's lupus is hey guys hi
last week rich you and Jay talked about
how long it takes to do a best of the
worst episode yep how long does it take
for you to make a prereq slash half in
the bag / / review episodes you have you
done a review yet I am NOT a review yet
okay
I can I can only assume reviews are
simpler I get mad I don't know though
I'm not
I've never ready to do so like my guess
is a half in the bag would be similar to
a prereq because it just dudes talking
well since its Kelly yes time to produce
kids you need a Dave for that that's
true for prereq I can tell you that you
know we spend obviously the amount of
time it takes to play the game yeah
which can be 30 40 hours at some times
we our conversation usually lasts only
about an hour yeah and then it takes me
maybe maybe 20 hours to edit it first
editing goes I know best of the worst is
a lot harder oh god yeah yeah a lot of
moving pieces if ting through us
watching three movies and the discussion
finding the good
that's gotta be so tough because yeah
you have the three movies that you're
watching you have the footage of us
watching each of the three movies and
then you have the footage of us
discussing the watching of the
photography's that's got to be a giant
pain in the ass that's actually one of
the hardest parts of prereq is finding
the correct game footage that matches
the thing we're talking about that's
what takes a lot of the time and then
leftover beefcake says so Jack rich gets
his hands and some juicy Shaq made you
guys stream it on Twitch is social
eating category did you see that what
let's take a moment away from from
Phoenix right firm Oh what happened what
happened it's it's the new you know
remember like a while ago
twitch opened up creative yeah for
painters and whatnot they've opened up a
new category this is a real thing on
twitch right now
social eating you can watch someone on
twitch right now having a meal that face
that you're making is exactly the
correct face to make society is dying
isn't it maybe it's hopeless and there
are very specific rules about what you
can and cannot eat and how you must
behave while eating according to the
twitch user agreement and it's fucking
weird yeah holy crap hard drive storage
we go we go I go through a hard drive
for about every five prereqs so I can
only imagine it's double that for best
of the worst just throw them out after a
while we you know I can ever can ever we
have to keep that what if we need that
footage at one point
it's a really big thing in Korea right
now they're saying whatever whatever I
whatever floats your boat I'm you know
an awfully close to a fetish it's very
close to fetishizing I will obviously
you know like we've we've wavered on a
few of the things we've said we'd never
do we said we'd never have a face cam
yeah we like the face cam now I'm gonna
put this out there
I can't imagine unless it's a joke we
will ever do a I'm never gonna do that
I'm eating live thing unless large sums
of money are involved oh no oh no but I
did I saw I wrote a cheeseburger on
stream for for $500 I'll do that like
big cheeseburger big gross cheeseburger
to see I mean you know if I was if I was
putting up that money I'd request like
I'm like I'm like a double you know a
double Oh golly a double a double
cheeseburger like but like a big double
cheeseburger you know what defines a big
I wanted shit to be falling on you I
wanted toast that's that's me though
that's not me one last donation then
we'll get back to Phoenix okay sloshed
from duck till says happy fourth Jets
that before a little bit early but thank
you happy the third fourth I recently
went to a viewing over the room attended
by Tommy Wiseau I asked him if he'd be
up for an interview with our alum he
didn't seem to know who you were but
sounded up for it well big he didn't he
didn't sign my copy of the room oh yeah
what is a video this video of that
online oh okay did he sign add anything
fronting of just his name we we wanted
to get him to say you're tearing me
apart George Lucas for at the time we're
thinking we might put it in like the
Revenge of the Sith review cuz he was he
was in Milwaukee I'm screening yeah yeah
and we wanted to talk to him see if we
get him to say that on camera and we
went up there were in line and so we had
him sign my thing while he was talking
did to Jesse no no just just a half-time
trying to get him to say that
refused eventually yeah I believe well
it's just work look so smart to fall for
that one yeah yeah we could have got our
good friend George Lucas he's a good
friend of ours he wants can you say you
tell me about George Lucas no get him
dude no I could not I think he I think
he compromised and said like George you
take me apart George sure yeah okay I
believe you did April and that's exactly
what she was that's how the chat the
chat said she's selfish southern bitch
I'm sorry I have to move the screen
forward I didn't expect anyone who is
mean such a dank place as this
it's for the clock moving not you
sticking lawyer I hope you die oh Jesus
criminy
have you come to life yes Father
just may I love this voice even wrong no
no not really
so calm calm your tits there's something
I wanted to ask a lot of money for these
tits they don't come easy i sprung for
extra bouncing emotionally there is
nothing I want to be asked haven't you
done enough questioning you you spiky
head yeah how much hair gel do you go
through I mean looks like an awful lot I
can't get my hair to stand up that's all
I just use the same contraption you used
to keep your tits up silico work yes
it's a complex series of silicone and
pulleys here we go again please you're
scaring the security guards
your fault was it you wish to ask him me
then for starters how did you get to be
so totally all whacked I was dropped on
my head as a baby oh oh we have game
here there's probably nothing to examine
in the room talk doc mark that man the
wiretap are your attitude we definitely
do not want to bring up her attitude
okay probably the one something we get
to ask all of these things oh sure if
they're limited most important one yeah
I'll see the wiretap of the man the we
said to maiya that the man was the key
to all of this do we do we oh now this
is where the time it's been since the
last one is problem did we have any like
clue why the would be a wiretap right
now my assumption is because it was the
other wire or they were spying on her
find out what kind of case she was
working on I don't believe I don't
remember knowing why there was a wiretap
okay okay I'm curious month wiretap
because we know who the man was
yeah okay well let's do the wiretapping
oh I did you place a wiretap on Mia's
phone oh you say about that just not so
cow so criminal
tapping people's phone is a crime miss
Mae what
oh I suppose you've blown that lawyer
school huh well yes that's where we
learn what is legal and illegal creep
what this woman is impossible to talk to
okay well that man sure about the man
who stayed with you in your hotel room
can you tell me about him where is he
come on no way Jose
mmm-hmm maybe if I had something to get
her to talk oh but maybe if I have but
something to get her to talk what can we
present to her her statement pink phone
let's see what we have here hold on Oh
attorneys badge right Mia's autopsy
report his cell phone the broken remains
of a glass light a thinker the wiretap a
department store receipt with the
letters written on blood on the back
May's testimony the victim dodged an
attack and ran to the right but she was
caught and struck and the floorplans
wait we don't have her testimony wait is
this miss me who are we talking to right
now
Oh miss me I don't know what she's one
of them we don't have we don't have her
testimony we only have but she's April
May right was that her name or something
we were oh yeah yeah received from Miss
April May the victim dies an attack ran
to the race so should we present this to
her I did yes present all the things sir
okay
hey guess what actually I I really hate
your guts
oh so get lost because well I'm not
cooperating thanks I noticed maybe bitch
move let's move
oh no we don't want to do that let's
examine examine this guy this guard
monitors the visitor room okay he has
moved an inch
a real pro this guy
take a look a bit light there that smile
for the camera there's a cam run here
look out the window can't look up there
there's nothing to look out the window
okay nothing to examine I guess we'll
talk to her about her attitude then say
why are you so angry I mean you don't
look like a bad person
oh that doesn't fucking sing it stop
sucking long night this is what I was
but but bottom huh ice I feed off of all
sorts of scum not just the bottom
portion now she's pissed
presents what do we got we got the
statue
we got the wiretap we got a fruit cake
pan know what that's our attorneys badge
rich that looks like like something you
would put a fruitcake in it does look
like a fruitcake pain you're right we
have the autopsy report we have the cell
phone we have broken glass
the thinker wiretap
the receipt are we able to come back
here I assume I don't know we can go I
look what are our other options on
places to go we can go to fame coal
office the gate water hotel hotel she
was in yeah let's see what's in there
yeah
by September 7th gate water hotel room
303 oh oh this is a offered oh okay
oh welcome sir quite the performance
today if I dare say so myself oh um
thanks sorry for putting you on the spot
like that no no not at all sir your
efforts today can only help that gate
what was rep as day so huh rep yes all
reputation will swell as the hotel where
the murder used avoid I'm losing it rich
it's fine I'm just just notice something
what gate water reference reference
funny so you know that is that's silly
we can't drop we can charge a premium
for Dove room of course it will be great
fault business that please use British
slang I don't know what bridge slang is
oh whoa whoa whoa
miss Mae hasn't been charged with murder
Oh aye
I too will become famous the bellboy who
brought that bugger rebou iced coffee
that's what we call a murderer in
Britain de Burgh arre Pooh I'm using
British slang
why do I feel like we're both stuck in
the same bad dream so oh you are British
language got your Biddle's in a book get
the Rolly out of the boot you our
honored guests please what a mighty tidy
70 bit before yeah you take the lift
Tara - Tara third flatten you put up the
so deep up and down go to bubble face I
saw that on the telly what's what well
as a double-decker bus ooh doggy classic
American ignorance yep I don't know you
people say shit I know that they call a
trunk a boot you call that that's the we
call it a trunk here a car the thing in
the back of your car that you put shit
in that's a trunk they call it a boot
here if a lady has a big butt you say
she's got junk in her trunk what do you
say in Britain she's got she's got a
she's got a scoot in her boot Hey look
at that bird she's got a she's got some
dude something something burned boy boy
that birds got some doot in their boot
and then just say cunt for no good
reason
that right there cunts got some tit in a
bit she go nice bum death okay what do
we want to talk to him at all or do we
want to examine talk talk
oh the man with me fanny equal vagina I
think it does in the UK here it just
means but Fanny yep yeah Fanny means but
here here I wanted to ask you about the
man who was witness may oh yes
a struck me is a real lady illa if
you'll pardon the expression yes I do do
I knew it from the moment I saw him sir
hey an artist same ilk we both carry
dissent or danger mine however
isn't expensive calendar he is the real
deal
he used to pre appear yeah if you add a
photo of domain I'm quite sure I could
identify Oh a photo we need a photo of
the man it's may a battle from this may
Oh Oh sir not to boast but I knew the
moment I saw her she'd do it I said ha
ha ha do what I'm starting to think the
most suspicious persons here's this guy
great and this hotel could you please
tell me about this hotel
absolutely and on that subject I have an
excellent idea sir
currently this hotel known as the gate
water no relation I propose that we add
a subtitle a sub a subtitle the gate
water Oh tell murder Manor I do say
that's a right jiggery idea right in a
buggery
well what oh dear dank um sounds great
ok some tips read some tips take a drink
yeah and Jana speaking of fetishes and
here's a link to something on steam
Panzer mandals Penzer Mendo it's an
anime tank dating sim click it are you
dating tanks or do you use tanks too
dangerous there's the pigeon dating sim
that we haven't touched we have a pigeon
we have a pigeon dating son we should
play that only child says hi guys I
listen to your streams on YouTube all
the time at work right now that game of
thrones is done I figured I would tune
in live ooh thanks for adding a little
humor to my boring desk job hey you own
them thanks for watching and listening
we appreciate it when you're watching
let's
tired and sad since died Hensley hey
rich rich
that's George Lucas guys please respond
to david lynch's story when he was asked
to direct Return of the Jedi thank you
my movie you don't see my aversion I'll
get some jerk no one's ever heard him
bye guys well at least that way I can
pay him a lot less how can I save as
much money as possible what directors
nobody ever heard of oh I think this guy
was assistant cameraman number three I'm
the first Star Wars I hope though that's
the guy I need to direct the penultimate
film in my hip grand epic science
fiction trilogy you pointed the thing at
the actors when they talk that's all two
cameras and some coffee you know that
that Lynch asshole he wanted to like
move the camera and shit I told him way
too expensive way to hmm there's still a
screwdriver stuck in that drawer do some
wipes that's kind of we can wipe do a
wider shot with that that's like a crane
right we'll wipe oh you know what we'll
wipe up oh please leave that boy as it
is that's the draw of terror hide in
place of their murderers Roy attempt
it's set to become one of the most
popular attractions here this guy's
serious I don't believe it
a bottle and two glasses rest on the
table why hasn't he cleaned these up by
now ah I beg your pardon sir but if you
could please refrain from touching dose
is part of de Dickel I call it the last
drink before murder
will be famous to talk on a hotel
industry there's guys a fuck right sir
he won't listen the door he won't let us
in the drawer the drawer has a
screwdriver in it is what you should
know discover that before when that
house to install the thing yeah and he
won't let us touch the the bottle with
two glasses and now I just clicked on
the picture ah still painting wait
should that be still life whatever one
of those is hanging on the wall
okay that's nothing these are flowers a
vase as expected I'm not good with
flower names except maybe tulips and
sunflowers we can examine the bed
a simple bed it's been recently made
nothing i catching there and the window
nice weather I get Oh pick up at the
wrong I was about to make a dramatic
comment about the weather but i hiccup
ruined it I can see the fan ko law
offices of course oh yes we plan to
install a telescope in that window of
course just five dollars will earn you
three minutes of a view Ted killed
just kidding sir
hoi hoi hoi hoi hoi quickly wait wait
not much to examine in here no other
options okay we've already talked to him
we've already said all the stuff we can
present him with eggs evidence or move
on we need to identify the man right do
we have a picture of anybody no I don't
put well wait hold on we have a floor
plans we have floor plans
May's testimony the receipts the wiretap
the thinker glass shards cell phone all
the tops report nope we have no picture
of anyone we can go to the detention
center go to fan ko or go to the gross
burg law office and the Grossberg law
office was with was with the other
attorney right yeah one of them all of
you have two offices let's see what
Grossberg has to offer you know this
game I can I think I can see how other
people would think it's boring I'm
finding it pretty fun and you know this
this part of it may be a little tedious
but also you know we're doing this on
stream but hey hey hey look at that rich
look at the Grossberg law office do you
see anything missing missing do you see
anything missing I remember that
painting that giant ass painting what
was the deal with the painting there was
a thing in the painting it's still fresh
or something wasn't it maybe that's it
yeah there was something with that
painting and it's but more importantly
it's gone now rich okay
shazbot the painting is gone do you
think fine would be better if they did
it today what do you think dune would be
better if they did it today I don't know
I haven't seen the original I haven't
seen it I've seen bits and pieces I've
never seen the whole film
neither have I I think I feel like I
should yeah that's on the list of list
of movies that I know I should see this
one when it came out I was probably too
young to appreciate it maybe if a man
made it episodic yeah I could see them
turning dune into a series didn't they
do that they made it there was a sci-fi
original there's a lot more to doom than
just that one movie there's a shitload
of books oh fuck yeah no and they turned
it I want to say they turned it into a
miniseries no sci-fi don't lady do Game
of Thrones yeah it's true
they said they said they maybe got 15
episodes left in him yeah table
tired sad so what do you guys feel about
James Cameron defending George Lucas and
saying the force awakens has no
imagination compared to the prequels
we're talking about a man who's very
jealous that his Christmas movie slot
has been overtaken by Star Wars and that
no one cares about avatar okay everyone
cares about the next Star Wars film
mm-hmm that's what we're talking about
and so something with a grain of salt
some grumpy old man is is backing up his
other grumpy old man friend
yep I paid no heed in other words no who
gives a fuck and gobbly gook says
phoenix wright break i have to hear what
rich Evans has to has to say about the
hcu also DCUO is free you fucks that's
true and then there's a link to some
kind of Hollywood Reporter article
what's the H see you something cinematic
universe Hellraiser Cinematic Universe
going to presume it's the Huckleberry
Finn that is absolutely it is absolutely
the huckleberry well and you know what
like you got what you got one movie out
of it you know you got The Adventures of
Tom and Huck well they got Tom Sawyer
two that's two boys
oh oh that's two movies yeah oh and then
they come together for the adventure of
yeah well the team of the team a movie
that happened in the two previous films
goes to friends well you know but we see
one from Tom look Jim his own spin-off
movie Oh Jim
oh yeah blood Jim goes to Washington to
fight for his rights and the whole movie
is just censor down the president oh
hello there Jim
is that really a thing they're saying
the Hasbro Cinematic Universe
hey you don't give a shit they want to
tight transformers and GI Joe together
the movies are all crap I don't care let
him let him shit all over their playpen
and as I'm never gonna be in their
playpen and then they're gonna play in
their shit and they're gonna
be happy okay that's really a thing oh
it looks like Grossberg is out today
again what a cock
maybe he's avoiding me for some reason
fuck yeah I mean examined what's that
that paintings gun wait a second
wasn't there a giant painting hanging on
that wall yeah yeah it was a painting of
it was a painting oh oh oh oh no don't
look at the chat don't look at the chat
I'm gonna say sunflowers wasn't it my my
gut was fishermen but I think maybe
sunflowers okay chat tell us remind us
objection objection it was a painting of
become a fisherman that was my gut my
gut was fishermen Dingles bangles
jingles is not an option I'm saying
fishermen send flowers oh we got another
rose Berg's it was a painting of
Grossberg yes Jack and his juicy meat no
one remembers rich no one remembers just
go Parma Grossberg fisherman
wasn't it was a very memorable painting
you know what oh maybe it wasn't
fishermen god damn it's kind of again
through it again it was a painting of
our Grossberg was it nope wasn't okay it
was sunflowers oh my gosh don't know
they might all say the same thing oh
yeah
damn it well now we Justin we'll never
know now will never know rich there was
something there well what's on the
what's that on the desk what's this old
photos some things been written here
pencil on the back of dl6 incident
Exhibit A dl6 incident Exhibit B let's
take a look at these who's that I'm sure
I've seen this person somewhere perhaps
I'll borrow this photo I'm sure no one
will miss just one little photo and it
might be a valuable clue I'll take it
from now yes I'm great take number two -
oh there we go maybe I should switch it
with the one I took yes swapped photos
we want the handsome dude I think I'll
you can only swap you can't you can only
have but this one is of a handsome dude
why can't you just take both I honestly
we're stealing so you would think yeah
yeah that's fine you know what that's
fine that's fine because you know what
rich because no one will miss one photo
but they might miss to a solid mahogany
desk the woods been polished books right
and he just like expensive looking
mahogany bookshelf filled with expensive
books funny they don't look like they've
ever been read
yeah a table for clients hmm an elegant
evany case and if i'm not mistaken that
lighters made of solid gold yeah yeah
yeah don't take the fucking picture no
no I accidentally clicked on home
yeah you know like there are these black
things up here that was like oh maybe if
they click I'm those button it just got
the painting thing again okay great we
got a phone back boom and move and we go
to the gate water hotel
wait go deck a board and we present this
man Roy hey wait one of them pictures
boom take a look at this photo
oh that same detective I'm the little
lawyer
oh I know that oh I just wanted to say
detective once you know how it is what
yeah Thank You Phoenix for being the
voice of reason in just know without a
doubt that is the man who checked in
with Miss April my our bout our Road an
ephah David swearin dad that seemed an
effing David this guy's way too excited
about this sure why not
well sure who I'm not yes I've always
wanted to write an affidavit sir from
Ed's forth I will be known as der
bellboy who swore dear fur David yes
hurry haven't a writer to CAC CAC
No okay we got a little hint alright so
now we move back to the detention it's
gonna say it all there might be
something there my own huh did we go to
the other wall office we've not gone
through well first I want to present her
with the picture and shit we might have
this is gonna be like you know we came
all the way over here times and we're
gonna presented with this picture yeah
then we're gonna do our business and
we're gonna go to the office um we're
gonna find something else oh look at
this oh now we gotta go back to the
detention center and show miss Mae what
poor lawyer Jack we can't afford all
this gas money
we're centers on the other side of town
we use public transportation we don't we
can't afford a car we haven't won a case
yet
my busting pass is almost out we only
got two rides left jack by the way that
would be an interesting mechanic because
then you ears anyway there would be some
consequences of traveling out of town
does that happen in later Phoenix right
games oh oh hey the only reason I'm hit
back here is because you won't talk to
me
oh so it's my fault now you don't just
have spiky hair you also have a spiky
heart that hurts
you are not she's good how do you lay
down I have a specialty mattress thank
you
how many pillows do you don't do in a
month fourteen I am in crippling debt
why do you think I have to take these
shit cases why do you think I have to
take the bus what hair gel and pillows
eats up most of my budget I'm gonna
present her with a picture of the man
have a look at this
look I said seven times I'm not telling
you Oh where'd you go
haha reaction
this is him isn't it what who when what
it is him this is the man who stayed in
your hotel room the night of the murder
now now it's all right nice try miss
cooperative do you have proof that was
him huh oh yeah yeah proof show me some
proof all right sworn affidavit could
you have a look at this what's I the
bellboys affidavit it tells us
everything he saw such as the man you
checked in with who was most definitely
this guy right here now I'm getting
somewhere
Oh
ease her fears push her huh I mean she's
a bitch pushing her hard would probably
just make her more standoffish right
that's what I would assume and so it's
like we got her all riled up and then
and then we say hey good cop bad cop now
son for good how's that for good cop I'm
with you ease her fears
okay okay she's vulnerable now I should
be gentle miss may it would be easy for
me to hand this affidavit to the police
if they get involved wouldn't your boss
be even more in convinced one
inconvenience oh there we go Wow for
some reason I had a bowl of it if they
get involved wouldn't your boss be even
more inconvenienced all I want to do is
have a little
chant with them you won't tell me hope
that all you had to say
yes but so easy for you to get the
police involved my dolly
oh shit somehow I think you're not up to
it who can't show them a little kindness
and they jump all over you
dammit oh poor Lord and you were so
close this isn't working I think I've
worn out this piece of papers useful
this damn it yeah
damn it shit wait what there's no reason
to discard that affidavit like that is
still admissible in court the man in the
photo is the one I want
why did April may not want to talk about
it she must know him oh well double fuck
how we fund our jet are we are we fucked
so I don't keep playing if we're gonna
run into a dead end
are there dead ends no I don't want to
hurt girls big lobbies oh wait Grossberg
hello mr. Grossberg well well well you
are quite the thing my boy oh that was
girl know what am i doing him as a
country lawyer
oh I have no idea ridge trial that trial
I'm just a good Lara Bonomo gone wrong
what's wrong I'm going old flat I'm
going 20s
reminder reminded me of myself when I
was a youth I guess something got passed
down through me and maybe it brings me
it brings back memories it does awesome
the days of my youth like the sense of
rush 11 you see him alive I I was it was
all a bit too much for me mom are here
today I know well I
I appreciate the reminiscing but I'd
much rather you give me some information
oh we can talk yes talk to him
your took on one by one another matter
so I asked you before but why did you
refuse her request for defense I think I
have a right to know all right mr. right
oh no no I'm sorry it's just I need more
time to think about it papa he just
seemed troubled about something maybe I
can find something that will inspire him
to talk so you came to see the trial but
something was bothering me all last
night
I couldn't sleep oh really what was that
well you say it's just Miller sister
that poor girl
my boy I owe you my thanks truly I don't
know what I would have done if you were
that worried about it why didn't you
offer to defend her the other day I'm
sure there was a big pretentious looking
painting on that wall
oh well he'll know though what I mean
anyway where did it go ah yes well quite
tiles claim I uh asshole it is Oh No yes
that's right
hold it I'm not sure I buy that
wasn't that painting rather important to
use her did something happen I don't see
how that's all business please
I didn't great
present when we got the wiretap he's a
lawyer well he's a little lawyer but and
he's an old family friend
which is why Mia wanted to reach out to
him and he was not available but so he's
not involved in the trial at all yeah
he's just an old family friend that Mia
wanted to defend her but on his desk was
the picture of the man yes who was
involved so he's involved somehow
obviously right yes so we need to pull
at the heartstrings to get him involved
we got an autopsy report and we got a
bloody note with Mia's name written on
it okay all right right we show multiple
things that were just wrong just showing
shit so yeah I'm sued sticks let's
present him with this I beg your pardon
but I'm not a little bit a picture man
you stole my picture of Ramona
it looks guilty
I was wondering about us Ivan excuse me
I was wondering about this photograph
who I'm aware Dino Paolo Rach I borrowed
it well give it back at once run along
mr. Grossberg tell me about the man in
this photo he may have been in the hotel
room with April May on the night of the
murder
do you know something about him anything
very well I'll tell you however you
didn't arrive from there I I'm trying to
wink at you right now with all the sweat
and the fat rolls around my eyes prevent
me from blinking brother
kind of wink I do I follow
that's mine is mr. red white he's the
president a blue Cup
red red white is the president of blue
Corp yep rich they're really great at
names whoever whoever had the job for
names in Phoenix right and the Phoenix
right translation fucking nailed it
nailed it
red white mm-hmm
blue Corp there's something like a
detective agency right well inflammation
pros they sell in Hawaii and that's why
his name mr. white has a reputation of
undermine and acaba who do run across
him watch who bought him digging up my
neck dude I know I know
hmm selling information sounds like
blackmail
can you tell me where blue corp is
located hmm mr. red white at last
finally a lead on this guy
even if april/may couldn't have done it
he could have time to take action
now I must ask you to leave I knew the
own definitely definitely alone I'm not
going to touch myself I just need to be
alone for a moment okay great okay we
move to blue cork great we have a new
location now let's see if there's
anything at the Fang okay we've never
been there once well since the murder
since the grisly grisly meta thank oh no
offices
looks like forensic his forensics is
taking the day off detective gumshoe
nowhere in sight the police really gave
this place a working over I doubt there
are any valuable clues left suppose it
can't hurt to take a look around though
let's see what we have here doo doo doo
doo doo painting every place has a
painting banks
what's the painting is it a sunflower a
fisherman or Marvin Grossberg an old
movie poster apparently this was the
first movie man great plant I'm guessing
we'll find nothing lieutenant Mia's
favorite potted plant I guess I'll have
to water it now damn it I hate watering
plants why waste your time here because
we might find something I don't know oh
I'm sorry we're playing the fucking game
yeah you know what and we're going
through all the leads and maybe you
should shut the fuck out because we're
playing a fucking game fuck you fucking
forget it's right fuck this trying to
save someone's life here I'm too lazy to
check out all of the leads
whatever happened to due diligence rich
it's dead jackets doing due diligence
died oh yeah it's fine okay there's no
name but you know what we checked we
doubted our eyes we crossed the t's
we dotted our lowercase J's moving on
blue Corp oh oh but that was the
painting it was of a fisherman I was
correct where's that Marvin Chris Berg
is it fading no that's no Grossberg is a
large man with a mustache that's the
painting he was younger at some point
wasn't always fat he was a fat mustache
man right out of the womb his poor
mother his poor mother rich
Oh what's with the surreal decor we need
a voice this is on you I've had I've had
too many voices already welcome to you
please first me with the title of your
personage well what the yeah that works
your name um what's your name
yeah yeah name Butchie his mother sleazy
name
yes that's kind of Sonny bonds ass
though he's a little Sonny Bono Justin
Garvey asking that title that you go by
hey I'm slick slick Willie white red
white that's so terrible I think you
gotta go like nineteen twenties fast
talker man
hey you this say hey there I was just me
what that title you go by yeah yeah Dean
buddies may nineteen forties with a
little Sonny bombs and I think you know
what's a chat does it have an opinion on
this there's a chat have a lungs I can't
do the phones
I like I like can't do impressions I
liked Lucas forum Lucas seem to work
because like Lucas has that like smarmy
confidence warming all right George I
like George ah right
Phoenix right mr. waters why I see
splendiferous perhaps perhaps I have
intimidated you with my giant tusks
vocabulary yeah Lucas what is this guy's
problem
well I'm red wine CEO Luke or you know
corporate expansion official my business
dealings bring me into contact with the
elite of the elite
so I'm afraid I'm not used to conversing
what they were delete Ehlinger what a
fruitcake hmm let me go you're an
attorney fresh out of Law School
are you not that's the only explanation
for why you would come to meet me like
this what what does he mean by that
yeah no murder so what business is a
mighty lawyer have with a man such as
myself
Yipes this guy's arrogance meter is off
the scale
let's talk to man miss Mae is an
employee of blue Corp is she not correct
she was my Secretariat you mean the
horse I wrote her like one did you see
her tips I crave for those best money
could buy
I mean I got a look at her old thing
might as well spruce her up a bit
honestly it's the same grade of silicone
we used in the prompts for Star Wars how
great movie stuff he's got a new I want
a shock it was to hear what she's done
what she has done
you mean the wires have been dude she
paid danced she has paid to answer phone
tapping them is not in her job
description she does gather her
information for us part of her duties
but I assure you we do not condone
illegal methods it is ineffable
that she would do this that sounds like
he's trying to turn miss Mae into a
scapegoat
on the night of the murder
were you in April Mays hotel room okay
sorry
I saw them pay attention to mundane
details such as time and place my motto
is don't worry be happy
still mr. white the hotel bellboy has
stated on the record that I threw out
that he does remember you very clearly
it's not stupid then he threw that out I
mean it seems like an important piece of
information no matter the bellboy can
say what he pleases I still won't talk
to you if you want me speak put me on
the witness stand
hmm I don't you'd be capable of doing
that you raises a good question actually
well I didn't the prosecution call him
as a witness you should have seen the
same thing as they prove me oh I'm I'm
sorry what was that
oh-ho it's the thing I'm praying do I'm
trying to make that like my catchphrase
I wanted to be a little bit more hip all
right now say oh ho ho instead of
drinking straight coffee I drink lattes
ladies ladies I drink ladies at the star
backs I like it please the courts to me
they are mere toys playthings for my
amusement
what kind of company is blue Corp anyway
Oh excellent question we buy and sell
various kinds of information we are a
company of the future you might say we
are the future sell information words
pink we are the future of a long time
ago really it would maybe an hour ago
Lexie which makes it right now really
the future of a long time ago oh my god
blows your mind doesn't gone it's it's
absolutely gone it took me four minutes
to think of that hard day's work in just
10 years I built this business up but of
the grand office you see now huh in case
you're wondering blue Corp was named
after the color blue maybe you've heard
of it I read white with blue core as
founder and CEO named it so and why us I
didn't actually I'd I don't I didn't ask
because I have a blue flannel that I'm
really fond of like I really did not
care about that fantabulous tech is it
not yo oh ho ho oh ho there's something
that's been bothering me mostly you what
might that be your hair the curl in your
hair why just one on the side well I'm a
big fan of Superman uh-huh if I want to
change my name to Paul Superman very
very fun the character that big L saw
that big painting on the wall over there
I've seen it before let's not play the
coy game we tried shit like that before
it blew up in our face
you're right you know I've actually seen
that painting before no just oh just
yesterday actually your point being
my point is simple or rather my question
is stuck stop smiling at me it bothers
me why is that painting hanging on your
wall mr. wrong was it yes right right so
your name is wrong I'm glad I got that
right right enough it appears you're not
fully grasped your position here uh-oh I
asked again who are you a lawyer I what
no my feeble friend a mere lawyer Oh
worth nothing zilch Zippo nada I have a
bus pass with with now nine with nine
rides left on it I have that I have
something and this suit on my back just
like that sorry excuse for an attorney
grotty burger what kind of name was that
just disgusting
sounds a little disgusting what do you
think he should have been named mr. mr.
Lucas mom
I can't I can't come up with like a
stupid Star Wars name damn it I'm trying
and I can't follow put open door I would
have called him mom I don't know Bobo
that's brilliant
yeah that's brilliant something
something something dark because he's
the bad guy
where's Brad the moon no here's the Brad
card what he just punched me oh ho ho he
just punched me
well mr. lawyer what were you doing
charge me with assault yep
can I punch him back charge away I
welcome her for it is you hole will be
found guilty what he'd my exposition Oh
the police the courts they all do my
bidding so you say but I wonder is that
kind of control really both at least
they did before I sold the Disney I
really don't have any bargaining chips
I'll get my other drowned her friends to
tell us that about you though I spent
most of my four billion dollars in
strange magic and look where that got me
I'd start the thing called blue Corp
fucking sad I don't expect you to
understand it is a world beyond your
comprehension strange magic with the
fairies of all this weird magic and like
music I wanna make a movie that had
music I don't think that's ever been
done before
well like Star Wars had music in it um
didn't I
like after you were done filming in the
edited they put music in the background
ha hurry
never my wife did that yeah I've made it
really a really good
you think keeps in all these pay stubs
for a guy enough John Williams yes that
sounds like God they got that's he does
a lot of movie stuff huh yeah he's
pretty popular well no wonder strange
magic failed you didn't get it general
when I thought I thought it was a
revolution in music and movies
no one's ever put music to an image
before I like breaking new ground do you
know that Red Tails was the first movie
to have a black person in it I do know
this never happened before you that's I
mean congratulations there you got a new
thing you came here from Ronnie burger
you came here from rope-a-dope oppo i
presume mr. grossberg's yes well then
you must ask him why is it that this
painting of his Hanks here perhaps then
he will tell you perhaps he will explain
how a man can live life purely for
personal profit like I do go no
skedaddle there is nothing more to
discuss oh ho ho
fuck you I'm gonna examine your room
take a look a shit statue of a man
holding up the world the blue corpse I'm
certainly stands out enough the model
for the man is of course mr. white look
at his table I'm guessing this is
supposed to be a desk this is quite the
thing look at his desk oh I like has
been holding up his desk painting this
painting was until yesterday hanging in
mr. grossberg's office - white have it
now it's not hard to imagine a few
possibilities
once we're out of this office I'll read
down and cannot behind it two trophies
judges special runner-up bestie
participation judges corporation award
special good try prize hmm
words judges and special kind of
standout
he probably strong-armed them into
giving him something okay great
yeah well move back to grossberg's okay
take a moment okay um where we leave off
ler Teac says hey guys hi glad to see
you playing Ace Attorney again yeah just
marathon community great show was quite
amused that the Dean seemed like Mario
to Jack's Luigi both in looks and
general exuberance great I've heard I
look a lot like him
he is a he has a bald man who wears
glasses
Darth Sisk for six to nine SS hey rich
I'm just curious
but when you guys were at the Brumder
mansion and the camera moved was that
legit or are you just fucking around
hold on I have my rich my my ghost
ammeter is going off the charts oh this
thing in the background is just floating
behind me oh oh my god wait wow
something's moving the camera bridge
some more with the camera oh my god now
I'm gonna break this oh my god I can't
put this back down then I've made a
horrible mistake because thing fell and
now there we go there we go okay I'm
fine yes okay now that llama ghost the
microphone stand had a horrible time
putting itself back down after it
floated messed up our shot
rich the ghost sorry Jennsen yes their
ijen good
so how much to finish the game
eventually up to case for for this game
for this first game case v is actually a
very long bonus case this is we run case
to right now I think the first was like
a tutorial it does that count as it kind
of I don't know I don't play until we're
bored with playing it yes I don't know
this is what's working for right now I
think mage says stay safe thank you
thank you everyone
that's it stay safe okay gross we don't
have like our streams planned that far
in advance we're really it's like Jack
kind of texted me like few hours ago
yeah my play night yeah we should
continue Ace Attorney that's always work
sometimes yep sometimes I have something
that I really want to play in and
sometimes rich has something he really
wants player or sometimes we come here
and just go
well then we just pick something off of
the list or that's on sale on Steam or
we play do I mean either what either one
okay grass big grass big I don't think
he's noticed me standing here
maybe I should clear my throat or say hi
I mean you know uh all my dog oh did you
just say
ah-hem as like a word I was very strange
I mean most people when they come into a
room they just say hello okay guys yeah
you're right
everybody before before we talk to
Grossberg let's take him home and stand
up I don't have my stand-up time around
which I was waiting for you to be polite
it's a trap it feels good it feels good
to stand up I'm doing a little dance but
I'm doing it off camera it is the stand
up dance oh that was a great dance I did
it I did it and you were up and you were
there with me
great stand up time more a half more
like Admiral Ackbar am i right
totally oh uh what what we should have a
stand up timer bots in chat maybe stand
up timer needs to be headed to the
toilette beefcake is already overworked
with that twat sure I just need to
remember to hit the button on my standup
timer I need to get good standing is
healthy it is gets a circulation moving
good to stand up it's good stand up doom
guy wants you all to stand up I'm going
to be in Milwaukee in a few days where
should I go forefront well Summerfest is
happening now so you should go to
Summerfest we have some great movie
theaters yeah but why you don't want to
go to a foreign place and see a movie
Summerfest is happening that's where
everyone's going right now for food head
over to a vanguard is a great sausage
restaurant honey pie is a beautiful
restaurant cafe Lulu Cafe Lulu go over
there get the soup any soup there is
great there's some great pizza places
there's so many good things in Milwaukee
we have a good Museum we have a pretty
good Art Museum and over to the
Milwaukee Art Museum at a timer to the
banner I don't know how that would work
in you know BS a stand up timer
you know bs maybe
maybe cafe 80s cafe Lulu cafe Loula kept
a log wall I saw sad restaurant yes
vanguard is a satay their specialty
sausage restaurant and it's delicious
delicious sausage the board ward is no
longer but you know what check on the
cactus Club they usually have pretty
good music local music a lot of local
music over at the cactus club if you're
into the rock music they have a lot of
rock rock and/or roll you can no longer
go to the Borg ward as it is now closed
and and you know even when it was open
you probably didn't want to go there
it's unsafe and filled with children and
by children I mean like college kids and
who wants to hang out with college kids
they're a bunch of dickheads everyone
was a ticket all right teenagers are
dickheads teenagers are fine there some
of them are tolerable but they're kind
of dickheads to college years are when
you're starting to meet I wanted though
yeah you're definitely nowhere near
there when you're a team right right
the annoying thing about college AIDS
kids they don't they don't know about
any of the good things you had when you
were young it's all like foreign to them
doom was that a game I think I played
that on my ice
I was I was dumbfounded when about five
years ago yeah
someone a little younger said to me I
swear to God what's Back to the Future
uh they didn't know we're back to the
future was how old I am not even a
hundred percent sure obviously were they
old enough to watch movies when it came
out probably not I don't I would assume
God I would hope not weird but it was
like what what kind of foreign planet
are you from
uptime oh you can do exclamation point
uptime and it tells you how long we've
been connected to twitch for interesting
okay let's see here
what's wrong you looked so pensive like
an old man at the end of his days oh I'm
not senile yet I was just talking about
I told nice something's really bothering
him that much is clear so you came to
see the trial oh I did I'm like why was
the bothering me all I thought you see I
couldn't care less like really oh you've
already been through this yeah let's
talk about mr. white
so I paid blue corp a visit Oh mr.
Grossberg I have to admit something has
been bothering me oh wow
yo see it's just I mean there's a lot of
all of these things are bothering
painting let's go with the painting mr.
Grossberg sir there was a giant ass
painting hanging right there the other
day the one you said you had no
intention of parting with well I saw it
today it was in the CEOs office of blue
Corp red White's office so you notice I
suppose I should I'm casting wood and as
odd by then
mr. Grossberg I know and UUM you and mr.
white are connected somehow
I do I need you to take over him yeah I
did sound like it here it oh yeah yeah
I'm losing him let's see here your
lovers he's blackmailing you obviously
your lovers know obviously you know he's
blackmailing you cuz because you're
giving him stuff okay
or is he giving you this is me reading
too much into it he's giving you
information and that's why you're such a
good lawyer maybe you're a shit lawyer
but he's giving you all the good
information and in return he's stealing
your shit taking a painting no
blackmailing everyone saying you lovers
but I think they just want the comedy
yeah then again mr. white does have
those what the desk that's suspicious
desk with men holding up the thing it's
quite possible that mr. white here's the
thing here's why it's not gonna be gay
anything yeah because this is a Nintendo
game right of course they're all gonna
be straight as arrows unless your tinkle
unless your take oh well
tingle tingle whatever unless you're
single and and even if you're not
straight as an arrow they will never say
anything beyond amazing besides possibly
making fun of you for it no Nintendo
game is going to talk about lovers no at
all let alone gay lovers if I would have
clicked on that they would have made a
crass comment about yeah about mr. white
oh they sir mr. white has something on
you doesn't he it's a blackmail Victor
party there's surely glory proof nope
very well this may be the terms I've
been waiting for
maybe it's time to get this off my chest
so I can finally rest easy again yep
after all you were mayor's understudy
perhaps plants it is too late no brother
was talking about but white man who
makes his living through intimidation
will go with a company that excels of
blending people's weaknesses I'm afraid
I've been paying them for 15 years now
15 years all because of the thing all
six of them as you may have guessed the
name on the back of the photographs as
you spotted I could not stand in a
pensive man because of us
like what I'm beside me I think that's
the connection it's hard for me to tell
you this my boy my resting red-white
will be by impossible impossible why he
has a mission on everyone names have an
iron what judges attorneys prosecutors
police and politicians what they are
bound I'm able to do harm to them toes
and therefore no head don't look like
but while you're saying there's nothing
more than the weight of many others deal
six in solutely absent fuckin what is
the DL six fucking more than a carton
code the police cable the case it was 15
years in our home I received a request
from a medium of spirit medium what but
Ren was mystified
hey baby I was mayor's mother who had
been investigating a murder what other
place and while she felt nothing my pal
phony mother's not on the 1200 fee I
don't know
the police probably called her a fraud
as did everyone after everyone brought
my because being an Indian is completely
fake is what I was talking about the
other day I've been all I could harm in
the end blue hair I'm from doing the
rotor pace whoever remains unsolved to
this day my purse Lisbon 206 exempt
but why were you blackmailed over this
mr. Grossberg but they also confident
was Tom faker at the time and I'm tense
I said mud people at all it was like a
medium that's a complete fraud its Mogis
maybe like they were they were throwing
darts at a dartboard to solve the
mystery no one wants to do that one
person found out oh so he didn't find
out he's told him you told white yeah
I've heard me crutches there's an
embarrassment to me home right pump
please my muck far and wide and take
then maybe I'm looking hold them um our
swipe heard about it and he came to me
this time yeah fuck now barrels I see
like those logs of countries he faced
that he wasn't telling him I don't look
at me as office years office
hey problems every move the errors they
had my card in something much a found
great that's all we needed from you
dickhead
shit oh shit let's get on it it's funny
looking at this room someone was
murdered here I'm sorry morbid sense of
life ended how to imagine a murder took
place here just thinking about it now
gives me an erection what maybe I should
have another look around okay alright
movie poster
so she was gathered gathering
information where would she put
information behind the movie poster what
an old movie poster apparently this was
the first movie that made me a cry when
she saw it I'll have to check it out one
of these days as I as I love human
misery and I don't know if I've told you
this before yes just love the
ever-loving shit out of it phone books
let's see here all the cases the chief
ever worked on are filled he filed here
they're all in alphabetical order let's
take a look which file should I look at
it well obviously wait thank you or it
could be under B for blue I don't know T
to see you I don't w-wait nope well
there's an entire W oh snap the entire W
section is missing Oh was it was it
taken obviously it was just misplaced
let's take a look at the D files to see
if dl7 is there let's see if there's a
if there's a record in this file I
catches my eye buffet
oh that's Mia and Mayas mother
misty Mia and Maya's mother what I think
we should leave it be Jack just leave it
all be this is none of our business this
case that could have really helped
there's like one piece of paper that
could really help our trial Oh baby I
want to leave it be a fucking game I
have tarnished the fame
leaving only these woods my mother
vanished with the dead
finally the names of two moons this is
her ghost talking Grossberg a lawyer who
sold my mother's names information for
riches Deanna was the man who sold that
information to the press these parasite
who makes his fortune on threats
coercion his name is the record stops
there why would you just stop writing
pen I mean really unless like she just
ran out of patience I gotta go back to
the office max to get more papers she
went there but like oh yeah I also
needed to pick up the something in the
best time she came back like after a day
of errands who just forgot there was
something important I was supposed to do
it a day
cutting the oven got to get that paper
I'll do it tomorrow
sure I'll remember so me a new Grossberg
well yeah we know that it's not gonna
penalize us for checking Oh what if it
does yeah then err yeah okay yeah J
through has nothing much in here good so
I well no harm in flipping through a bit
I guess the biggest party here sooo
aside EU suicide reports as politicians
but Oh policeman no there's writing on
most of these in pencil even you can
erase pencil why would she do that
white this is Mia's handwriting wait I
get it
Mia thought he was involved in these
suicides white drove them all to I can
use these newspaper clippings moon let's
find the most disturbing I'm so hard
yes we examine it will give details and
what's in that clipping
article about politicians suicide the
word white is written in pencil on top
that's about all we can do
interesting
politicians suicide interesting okay so
we got a missing file we got a fit
missing W file we have White's name
along with suicides what are our options
we can move okay what are hotel I don't
think there's anything more we can do
there we might be able to head to the
detention center do we have like any
chances of finding that w file maybe at
blue corp maybe at the gate water hotel
april/may might know more we can only
assume whoever killed her took the file
as well
sure yeah it probably still wouldn't be
at the hotel Rob I can't imagine there's
anything left to do with the hotel we
might be able to use the suicide paper
on April May
I'm unsure I am also unsure or do we do
we shove the suicide notes we can't talk
to me at all right it doesn't give us
this give us an option never to talk to
what the detention center no do we shove
the suicide notes into into White's face
to see what information he gives us both
really but I don't know if he's just
gonna brush you off but you might get
some more information what makes the
game go forward rich I don't know
cuz like Grossberg has already given up
all his goods right unless we ask him
about the missing files he probably
wouldn't know anything about no April
might know about the missing files and
Whitewood might know about the ways of
missing files
I think that's anything but we might get
more information let's correct the
detention center first just cuz I feel
like it is mr. white yeah well I think
we saw that in the intro to the murder
this is a Columbo style we don't get it
yeah I'm pretty sure it was white oh I
remember him remember having pink hair
and a pink suit oh there's no one there
oh well that's that's easy
blue car okay well well aren't you
persistent sorry but there's something I
have to ask you mr. lawyer oh I really
hate having to repeat myself
come on it seems the messages not yet
penetrated you're sick thick skull stop
bothering me if you try my patience
further I fear nasty accident may occur
and it just happened that's good times
mom a desk that was really good timing
neither silent but kind of deadly
actually it was not silent definitely
still dead
do I make myself clear you can smell it
when I dude so we're just gonna talk to
him anyway blackmail
oh sorry okay but of course I just
you need not restrain your mirth my
friend it is okay to indulge in my
cosmopolitan sense of humor I will not
think listening to okay so now prevent
this is the only clue that Mia left me
I'd better make this one count
mr.white see this it's an article
describing the suicide of a politician
he was embezzling secret government
funds then one day word got leaked to
the press the very next day he took his
own life
um let's concern me how I found this
article in Mia's office miss Mia she had
a file filled with articles like this
every one of them was labeled with a
single word white mr. white I know what
you did to this politician well probably
all of these but alright alright let's
time thing the politician was embezzling
money yep
and so he probably blackmailed them and
the politician didn't pay up yeah yeah
yeah I think in black bounce we have a
history of blackmail
he had to spy on him probably to get the
information but the black males I think
what we want to go up you were
blackmailing him mark male well I'm just
full of colors aren't I
not just oh ho ho yes
not just him either you were threatening
and coercing hundreds of others you were
involved in all of the suicide cases
that Mia investigated this company is
built on blackmail I'm right aren't I
what a bizarre accusation mr. wrong what
is it that you should be doing now
investigating me
No oh ho ho I think not you should be
searching for the one who killed miss
Mia be Wow must are wrong when we
leaving no yes sir mr. Wyatt I'll send
someone right away wait a second mr.
white
yeah just go you're wrong about what
what am I saying you're right or wrong -
I don't know either but let's just go
with you're wrong you don't want to try
to butter him up
no one nut butter in this Diane you're
wrong mr. white
she was me what I should be new doing
now is going after you oh the killer
question
you should be going after the killer oh
you thought what are you insinuating Mia
was on to you she was keeping tabs for
this reason you had April May tapping
her phone then Mia was murdered and all
here documents Abba and all the
documents about you mysteriously
disappeared so the culprit would be even
a child could work it out mr. white you
did it
we won't be needing an escort for mr.
wrong instead please connect me to the
public prosecutor's office car sir wide
open please wait that you what are you
doing calling me at a time like this
chief prosecutor I've changed my mind I
want to testify tomorrow wait what's
this about who who are you
look I was it bad I think I'm just gonna
sleep for the night your time it is this
is the future I can't see it's not a
video phone Jesus crisis it's two one
there two in the morning well the mere
frankerz my witness the murder you see
I'm us that's a very important witness I
would like to testify what why now I
they said he didn't want to go to court
quiet who well I told you want to change
my mind didn't I oh and one other thing
send the police over here right away the
man is standing right in front of me
he looks dazed but couldn't be violent
what what man what Jesus Christ I just
got up are you even listening the
executioner of the hatchet man the
liquidator the killer man I know I say
man what happened to yo ho ho my simple
okay what's the two things no that's
fine
Oh yo ho ho mr. Wei is this isn't
another one of those does that say
prosecutor well I do not believe you're
in a persistent the freely offer your
opinions to me correct
I'm telling you to send the police
No
laughing fuck Satan can I met Kroy not
tell you mr. wrong you are a mere lawyer
as was Miss Miu how dare you I'll point
the finger at you and you will be tried
has missed me as killer the case is as
good as settled
no lawyer of any worth will defend you I
have friends and the local Lawyers
Association you see you'll be given a
longer so stupendously inept but they
may even that they make even you look
incompetent oh I feel faint detective
gumshoe detective bonds reporting sir
ah butts hairy butts right right right
actually Phoenix right and my friend's
name is Larry right yes sorry pal but
was that murder rights retroactive bonds
I present to you the man who killed miss
me affair what make this despicable
human being into custody farewell mr.
wrong can you just do that you just
accuse someone a murder in this game you
can okay good this game has a very
strange justice system seems like a
really great way too inconvenient to
anyone cut me off in traffic that guy
mad at someone some mad someone
I can't believe it's only been a dick

[Part II]
