Mar 7, 2016
XCOM 2: War of the Chosen Live Discussion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dp-nIzxLpk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/706863107570802688

hello hello hey guys
hello welcome so thank you so uh who is
who here
I'm Greg I'm art director okay and I'm
guard I'm the lead producer alright well
welcome Greg and Garth
more specifically art director and lead
producer of both XCOM enemy unknown and
XCOM 2 which is what we will be
primarily talking about today yeah
that's right Oh long time I know it's
like a marriage I know
yeah how long have you guys been making
games together Oh
since enemy No yeah few years but yeah
like we've been drawn that has been
working uh together now for a flat
amount of seven eight years some like
that so you know it's been a while and I
think that's part of the part of the
cool part of our team is that we've got
such a a history and the communication
is way it is that um you know we can we
talk more honestly and frankly than I
think a lot of teams that don't have
that longevity you can do so yeah it's
kind of a cool it's kind of a good
relationship where I work since that's
great right so I'm curious about
something you started with enemy Unknown
and uh you know at the time turn-based
other than like like combat like the
XCOM style combat was kind of dead at
the time was there pressure on you guys
to turn it real-time there were it's
funny that I think there were murmurs
but they were always sort of in jest and
and more joking I mean the the the team
creatively and Jake who is our lead
designer on enemy Unknown design-wise
Hugh's biggest fan of the original XCOM
series in the early 90s and to our
publishers credit um you know like you
said I think that John was pretty
non-existent um when when we were in
development with enemy
and they sort of said what do you guys
want to do with the title and we said
these are the pillars of the core series
that we want to uphold and they let us
do it so they know there was never like
a real conversation about do we go turn
this into you know an action-oriented
game right now because that's not what x
times about we defined what the pillars
were when we stuck by them well then the
term base you know like that never
wavered and kernel II and and and that
was one of the things that that really
we were able to take advantage of him
when we dropped the camera down all the
time if this was an action game you just
couldn't do that and so if it would end
up you have to become where it is to
play the game and so it would be more of
an RTS the turn-based nature allows us
to drop the camera and get close to
soldiers and then see the action and and
and and and actually you know make a
turn-based game that is actually
entertaining to watch and then that's
actually a great point I mean we talked
about the design and the mechanics of
the game but the the most fun part of
sort of the the the concept coming
together for me and actually what made
me come to practice was seeing this
movie that Greg and his team made which
was sort of a pretty gameplay
visualization of what praxis would do if
we could bring a turn-based genre game
back to to the fold and I think the
visualization of everything sort of
helps sell it because it kind of made it
look like an action game but you still
have the timelessness of of these
mechanics that work that were turn-based
and the funniest part about that was
that actually you know when you look at
the camera mechanics we actually got
pretty close to what the original
thought was for it now we had time we
had we have time units yeah that went
away because that actually wasn't fun
that didn't translate great to a to a
current game but but the turn-based
nature stuck stuck so and that was the
very first thing we made so that was
kind of the Bible for the game for you
know till I made the second movie with
moutains and it was the perfect tool to
galvanize the team as well it's it's
pretty cool to see
is it moutains are mutants is
disputants but I've been saying a word
so long I started adding my falta more
used to it a few times is how I've
always known it to be although that's
not what I'm that's not what I tend to
say lately because I get lazy one more
effort to save youth on the mouton so
okay now it should be mute on is what I
think I would assume it's with quick
killing gala cause i-i've said Mouton
occasionally myself so I'm guilty right
okay okay I don't go potato potato
is what we'll say basically our chat
called me out on it
they're right to do that way me okay so
we you you guys coming from the success
of XCOM into XCOM to what from a design
perspective from a gameplay perspective
what were your goals the I mean just
someone all of it was to make the game
more unpredictable to make it more
replayable we sort of had it just an
internal mantra on the team of play
forever which obviously it can be a
little hyperbolic but it really helped
drive us with all of the micro decisions
that design was making on the strategy
layer to even on the tactical side with
some of the facilities that you see in
the avenger and the procedural Maps
which was a key feature that was the
first thing we prototyped in
pre-production it was all about how can
we over deliver and make this this game
more reliable if you beat it or if you
lose you want to go back in because you
will not see the same thing twice the
maps help a lot
Hey yeah no absolutely I mean Greg can
talk a lot about that is that a whole
new pipeline I think I think Jake when
we first brought it up I think when he
said that we wanted the procedural he's
like you know like we're we're thought
we get together when we finish the game
before this could give it a room we're
like okay what do we want to do like how
do we want to take this forward and Jake
was like I want procedural maps and I
was like yes I think everybody thought I
was like no because I
and crafted bait and and there's the
fear that like you know when you do that
you're going to lose the that that
personal touch then I'd be lying if I
said I wasn't concerned greatly about
that when we first got into it but I was
I was right there saying yeah we I want
to do that because we needed a way to
provide more content and making
handcrafted match that wasn't wasn't
going to be feasible to provide the
depth that we wanted to provide I mean
we just wanted to make more and there is
a lot of value and I mean going back to
us being part of the same team across
projects and in the industry that that's
somewhat of a rare thing I never there I
know if it does this talk about this a
lot as well with their Fallout series
but we learned a lot as a team as a
leadership team has a lot of other
developers that were sub leads are part
of enemy Unknown like Greg said we tried
some of this procedural stuff before the
game not only was it not in the oven to
bake of it we were still finding the
ingredients and when you were trying to
block too much all on it once in enemy
Unknown pre-production but going through
that going through that learning lesson
allowed us to to do it right I think in
XCOM 2 so then the team did such a great
job it's it's pretty hard to tell that
their procedural they still they still
have context behind them and you have
the beauty of the hand placed elements
but you won't see the same layout twice
no I think like it's extra important
because you know thematically the the
game has this guerrilla operations feel
to it and so not knowing yeah I know
Rich's rich has close to a thousand
hours into the first XCOM I have just
like I'm like I'm like nine hundred and
ninety five hundred hours into the game
oh man yeah he always says like the in
in in some maps he just knows where the
aliens are gonna be yeah because we know
I know where to take cover I have a
pretty good idea what I'm gonna run into
a pod
so put that procedural generation helps
add to the tension of each mission and I
think that's a was a good call ok yeah
no that that's good 995 that's the
problem it might be 997 by now you
should work a little bit harder
two four digits well you know I'd be
there by now but I currently have 199
hours and XCOM to get under a month so I
love your game by the way
that's all that's that's really cool to
hear thank you for playing I'm kind of
insulted you only have almost 200 hours
like he also hasn't gone out for like a
thousand hours well like I said I'm 200
hours in just about and I'm not I'm not
feeling the the familiarity that I did
with the original pre-made maps okay the
first time we did that the first time
procedural work right like I had made
all the buildings they were all brick
and and the first time we got the system
working we're like because everything's
kind of like if you imagine like a road
network where all it is is just cement
right and then inside these little
pockets on the road network buildings
pop in and then on top of the roads
stuff pops in we didn't messed up on the
roads right and the buildings were
popping in there all these red brick
buildings together just me and and so
they look terrible and so I remember I
was sitting in my night in my house and
like I made the level I made the plot
and then I dropped all the buildings in
and I started I had no idea where I was
and I'm like I I made this and I don't
know where I am in the level then I
restarted it and I was like okay I
completely have no idea where I am now
like and that was the moment where I was
like this is gonna work like I think
from the heart side of like this is
going to work going on to some of the
other new things that that were added in
XCOM to I know something that's a bit
controversial is the the timer's yeah
something that eating a rich as a
veteran didn't like at first but has
grown to love oh so uh
something I read from yeah they're
actually really nice what is that one of
the idea to put timers in like how did
that all come about well um you know
there was a few of the design pillars
procedural maps how can we make the game
more
replayable because you mentioned the
gorilla theme we really latched onto
that and we wanted mechanically first
and foremost to say you're not just
going into maps and sweeping the map
with with killing all aliens which was
the bulk of missions an enemy unknown
enemy within had a little more variety
and an enemy unknown had had some
missions here and there like bomb
disposal but we wanted to sort of flip
flip flip the switch on that and make
every map you go into the norm to be
that you have an objective that you
can't expect or anticipate and it'll add
a little wrinkle to gameplay we love
wiping aliens you usually have to wipe
out all the aliens but because you're
this guerrilla force you also have to do
this thing to push the resistance
forward and and timers make sense it
made a lot of sense to to to tie into
the narrative but then also force you to
relearn how to play which I think on the
surface is is it can be a little
disturbing when you especially someone
has played enemy Unknown so much and you
have these go-to strategies and these
go-to tactics but if you have the
overwatch screen this is baseline system
that you put so many hours into and
learn to play it and master it in a new
way it to me it elevates the experience
even more um but we have mods if you
don't like the timer so think about no I
I didn't like them at first but once
once I just got used to it I started
appreciating how it it shook me out of
my old strategies where I always before
I just took my time always find a good
cover creep up slowly no need rush and
now suddenly I got I got something
kicking me in the butts and you got it
you got to get moving you got it you got
to take more chances and I kind of like
that and I am consistently amazed at how
often I just barely finished the
objective in the nick of time and how
the hell did you balance that they are
our level designers and and and our and
our game designers did a phenomenal job
with that a lot of play testing and
feedback as well
iteration I mean we had we had there's
period in development where the timers
were just way too long and you're right
I mean it's it's a knife said you have
to get them just right or else they feel
meaningless if you push every mission
with three plus turns remaining it's
sort of like okay I didn't have to worry
about that and obviously if it's
impossible to get to then then they feel
too punitive and you feel like the game
is is purposefully mistreating you and
they did a great job I think the finding
finding that sweet spot it's not perfect
but I I've had the same experience you
did with all the iteration we've gone
through where I generally will well
overcome the objective within one or two
turns remaining and it always feels it
adds this drama at the end well you know
speaking of mods I want to say the top
mod for XCOM 2 is the removal of those
timers and you know obviously you need
to stay open to the community but I mean
that's that's like redressing your baby
you know how does as game designers like
you know mods that that change the alien
design Mazda changed gameplay elements
how do you deal with accepting the
community involvement and and having
them shake your baby we love it yeah we
love it
know that so that was the whole purpose
of a mods we you know we felt on enemy
Unknown that that was one pillar that we
sort of swung and with and it's such
it's such a cool design
XCOM with that that is this unique game
with the synergy between strategy and
tactical and and the sort of open-ended
systems that that are that are highly
systemic that we said we want players in
the community to be able to alter it how
they see fit and we think that that's
the future for a lot of things in the
industry and if people want to want to
change that we're work static that they
love the game enough that they want to
take the time and try to modify it and
play it in new ways and that all that
plays into play forever um at least you
know on the design side I know Craig's
been super open to that about to with
the you know mutants are getting change
move on to go
Oh IME we everything you asked me like
what are you most excited for it I'm
like yeah that's coming oh yeah yeah a
calibrated time in a mood I wish I could
personally make sure that happens does
shoot I don't know get you that will
happen um but uh
kalpen how do I not do that I'm telling
you man my legs but yeah be the I'm I do
aspect you know like what do you excited
to see your we want to see it all like I
actually go home and I look at steam see
how many mobs are in the game and you
know like it the first week or weekend
we have like 200 plus my for over a
thousand pound yeah like it I mean it's
it's it's mind-boggling how much people
are doing but it but at the same time
it's it's the opposite of and I think
where you're going with it I we like
we're excited to see what people love it
game not not kind of like oh don't mess
it up you've already messed it up
hundreds of times right but but now I
mean we want to we want to see you know
where people's interests are what they
want to do and and what they want to
make and I think it's most players it I
think it takes a little while come those
ten you came to you it was like I need
to throw my old strategies and and play
this a little bit differently even those
mechanics make you feel like it's the
same thing it really is a different game
and so you know if you want to take
timers out great but like it's good it
you know to also approach the way you
did or come let realizations it's very
big of you to be open to people messing
with your toys no I mean again agar said
if they're messing with it they must
love it right and that's that's the
biggest reward with people people going
in and and and they want to make it
their own and that's you know at that
that's pretty cool
so yeah and where we are an interactive
industry that's sort of the
differentiator with with video games as
opposed to movies or books or things
like that and and to partner with the
community and see them sort of modify
that key differentiator that we have and
make it interactive in ways that they
want is is really exciting them yeah I I
think it would be easy to sort of turn
our nose up in the
Aaron to say change it the game is
perfect but we're very open we're gamers
ourselves we love we love seeing all all
different ideas and people playing with
it and all types of new ways I should
probably check and see if there's a mod
for Cal print I should there might
already be very butter kick out Britain
in the bond but by the way John coming
in three weeks
2x going to be more shot and anyone
watching this if you've modded out the
timer to unmod it give it a day and see
how you feel about it
get rich ants yeah III will say so we're
praising mods right now and we truly
love them but Greg is right you're
absolutely right give it a chance I mean
mods can sometimes be a crutch where
people will be like I don't even like
this thing on paper how it sounds or
after two missions I don't want to give
it a chance
um give it a chance you know we're
saying we love mods but we also would
like you to try the game over you
completely disrupt it and then and then
you can mod it how you want but and I'm
only saying that because I played so
much myself and I truly do believe in in
the timer's I think they're easy to
dismiss when you hear about them on
paper but like you said in your
experience they sort of fit into the
theme of XCOM 2 as the package that for
access design yeah well speaking you
know speaking of art-direction our
design alien design the coming from
enemy unknown to XCOM to you know enemy
known is is kind of classic bighead
aliens and here we have kind of an
evolution of that would you like to
discuss or talk about you know some of
your inspirations in moving forward with
the alien design yeah yeah well how much
time we have as much as you want
um now so the yeah everything kind of is
evolved uh you know we one of the things
that is a that makes XCOM XCOM it's not
like high sci-fi it's ground inside by
its it's a it's it's kind of site by
lore you know and so you know you have
to have a sec toyed right oh you have a
disk for UFO
and those are kind of like the places
where where I start sectoid is always
the first character I concept and
usually the last one that I model it's a
limited model twice model first in the
model again but the we wanted to evolve
several the aliens and make them more
human going with storyline and so we
wanted the SEC would be a little more
formidable in its physique so we made
him some feet tall and he gets to be a
puffle because he so he's so okay so
simple it doesn't armor anything that
you've got a really gotta push that one
so he actually is more difficult to
concept than you would imagine
Plus everybody knows what a little gray
looks like to them he didn't he was a
little is it true he was a little gray
we spliced him acute with human right
yeah and many 7 feet tall my so is the
human or a year a song yes Oh basketball
team I don't know Jannetty it's got that
will change a absolutely he get my
control and dunk I want to make him
taller than taller than the human you
know we had a lot of we tried to do a
little bit of a David versus Goliath
kind of feel you know where you get a
shot cam and they're they're looking
down on you you're looking up at them
but uh but yeah the the mutant you know
we wanted to stick to the purple skin
and the green armor but we wanted to
actually kind of go back and show his
physique a little bit because again he's
playing with human but also go back to
the very original XCOM game and make his
armor be more form-fitting the faceless
is one that we looked a lot it like the
creature from Black Lagoon and Swamp
Thing Pan's Labyrinth the panel man
right so it took you know major major
inspiration from those very common pop
culture things people understand and we
tried to do that everywhere like we want
to find little ways to connect people to
to what's in the game the drama Don when
we were making that character you know
it does it shares dive suits with the
Big Daddy that's great the host kind of
come from that same language to degree
but but we mixed ours with with space
suits and you know his color key comes
from one of the earliest NASA space
suits and then you know I I've always
been fascinated by the the bendy coyly
arms that like you know from from fifty
sci-fi move of the robot yeah yeah and
like could I could actually do that and
not make it silly right and so so that
was like a little challenge with him you
know the arc on you know we really
wanted him to to be godlike you know it
was deliberate that was a very
deliberate choice we wanted him to be
graceful but but have you know this
devastating range that had evolved from
like floaters so so yeah we kind of went
in a lot of those directions again we
always try to ground it in a place where
that there's an entry point for the
player whether it's the previous game or
sci-fi lore but yeah we always want that
that connection with familiarity but
with a twist of fantastic again it's
kinda how we approach everything from
art direction that's great I love your
faceless design that's one of my
favorite monsters in the gate and I
don't know if it's my favorite just
because like I I don't know if I was
terrified of them just because I hated
running into them or if it was just
their goofy major but one of my
favorites I'm fondling problems little
no it's terrifying like when you see
them actually crawl through a window it
is one movie man I mean yes you got like
just down kind of rolls through it is by
far probably the creepiest animation in
the game from is it's great great job I
don't know something for something
creepy about a robot with a dead alien
hanging out of her chasing pretty creepy
- yeah that's my favorite alien in the
game how's it going okay
he's uh you know it's hard for me to
pick a favorite I mean I think I think
them you thought is still my my favorite
just from a overall design but um I have
some attachment to him but uh but yeah
they're all very
very different and and and and we really
try to push everything really apart not
only on the visual spectrum like
everything's got some color key and and
you know we kind of trying as much
diversity as we can individual but but
on top of it you know that's also the
same perfect design like we really try
to push their their abilities apart from
each other you know not only in the
aliens but also in the soldier really
try to get a spectrum of different
experiences for the player both visually
and from a design perspective the
silhouette rule right you know you have
a good character if you can tell what it
is by its silhouette yeah and and every
every enemy has its own unique little silhouette
and so you know exactly how fucked you are right for the beginning
which is very we actually started with a
silhouette sheet like that was like one
of the very first things we did once we
got a handle on what we were doing we
actually made a lineup that had a scale
and also color key so one of the very
first things we did as we got the
descriptions and what the aliens could
do we started just kind of thumbnailing
and then putting them in a lineup so
yeah and he showed you the spectrum yeah
height and color and then that that then
informed a lot of like well what can
this thing do and I think the art
overall really reflects play forever as
well like even it pushes into the the
environments and they change the the
rendering pipeline to allow for dynamic
lighting and you don't know what time of
day you're going to give and what
weather and in enemy Unknown all that
was baked into the maps so the artist
changed a lot of how they made content
as well to sort of give a new soul into
the game so it feels different every
every time you play the procedure would
have been next to impossible with the
previous pipeline yeah the tech change
really allowed that so you you -
obviously you you work in the games
industry you're incredibly busy at the
moment but something that I just want to
know is what are you playing outside of
XCOM - because you should be playing
XCOM - but outside of X come - what are
you guys playing right now I was I was
just that at
with some some of the other producers at
Firaxis and no lie like everyone's
talking about what other games are
playing and yeah I'm still buying extra
I'm too legend okay but but I am I am I
am also playing darkest dungeon which
they were all joking with me saying I
guess I like punishing myself right now
is between XCOM 2 and darkest dungeon
I'm surprised I'm not walking into into
work with bruises and black eyes all
over myself those are punishing games
but darkest dungeons pretty awesome it's
got it's got some pretty neat mechanics
based on you know the stress of your
characters going going deeper into these
these frantic dark scary dungeons and
and and then they can get sort of random
attributes and and behave differently
mechanically based on what happens to
them in this stress stressful system so
it's pretty neat we're going to I'm
moving some my first little time outside
lobs a little when I'm not playing X
camera overlooking next comes a little
limited but I've got on my short list of
stuff that I'm going to play as soon as
I get done moving I want to play I'm
catching up one stuff that I didn't get
play during during var X 2 so I'm
looking at I want to play invisible ink
is on my list
Firewatch is something I want to I'm
guessing and checking our flame in the
flood they've got in you know there's
there some stuff that's come out
recently that I have not had a chance to
get to but that is the stuff that I'm
going to play as soon as I get some free
time all the attentions and know nothing
about Witcher 3 I want to play what your
3 nothing wrong with pretentious games I
love I love this and invisible ink it's
so funny because like you know last you
know been the project like you're not
you're not playing anything for your own
game we're like surprised ended and so
like you get the stack of Steam games
you buy that you just haven't had a
chance to get into so that's like kind
of sitting there taunting me so yeah as
soon as a soon as we're we're as soon as
I get things straightened out for myself
that's that's where I'm going to be I'm
going to be light so those that sounds
like a great a great and broad selection
okay if it's there based strategy
a story focused atmospheric and and we
you know we don't like them all we know
you know we check out everything that's
got little that mean it for me to one of
those things that's something that I'm
interested in either mechanics or
visually that I want to that I want to
check out so that's kind of kind of how
I pick my my games that I've liked to
her well that sounds great I think I
know I think I think that's all the
questions thank you very much for for
taking some time out of your day to ever
have to hang out with us make a cow
pattern now Don yes yeah that's gonna
happen Cal powder the kind we uh we
actually have no good way to end the
show so it's probably just gonna be
clumsy and it's fine just gonna be this
this is how we're gonna initiate how we
end all of our things they just suddenly
yes but we opted the sit in silence with
you okay let's do that for food ten
seconds its total silence but be on the
phone with us now laughing your spy is
all right quiet as well everyone must be
quiet
