Aug 14, 2016
Half-Life 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/764879970493689856

[Part I]
go stream mr. holy fuck balls hello
people hello people oh hello sheep oh
shit
good morning she pulling it where did
she pull start sheep oh I like the first
time I heard it it was a joke
wake up sheeple I don't know if it's
ever been like used seriously okay joke
as I know you know I only know it as a
joke
wake up sheep okay before we get too far
into this we probably won't be talking a
ton about no man's sky as that is the
next previously recorded we want more
time to get into it we've barely
digested it we've barely digested so I
know there's a lot of no man's sky talk
Jack just just recently got back from
vacation and it didn't come out on Steam
until like two days ago
that's that shit going on so we're not
gonna be a ton of no man's sky talk so
we're playing half-life 2 I guess we're
playing you came over and you wanted to
play half-life 2 right those a little
bit odd a little bit on because you know
what you know this is a classic game I
refer to this game often as you know a
great storytelling game and that
integrates gameplay into story but
here's the real reason why I wanted to
play and I hope everyone's ready for
this ready on my lap is a is a number
pad and a gaming mouse because I have
decided that Jack it's time for Jack to
be a grown-up it's time for Jack to be a
big boy and I've decided I'm going to
teach myself come hell or high water how
to use a mouse and keyboard now before
you teach yourself how to do this and
now you want to use the number pad
because that's what I like to use yes
mall it's portable yeah it's every game
you play on from here to infinity yeah
get ready to rebind your controls yes oh
it's Jack's turn to pick finally taking
off the train oh yeah no and you know
what part like the mouse I've always
been okay with my biggest problem with
the mouse and keyboard has always been
the keyboard yeah like just pret like
getting your fingers in the right
place using WASD never felt right to me
and like quick swapping weapons and
doing stuff with the keyboard never felt
right until my friend rich Evans said
just use a number pad because then
they're all in a grid and I said to
myself that's the fucking smartest thing
that is the smartest thing I've ever
ever heard is just use it on a grid so
already though I need to rebind stuff so
I'm gonna do normal difficulty and we're
gonna rebind everything so forward is
going to be up on the number pad back is
going to be back oh no you know what I
don't want down on the number pad I want
I want middle on the number pad left is
gonna be I I don't think we're gonna be
talking about the riot too much you know
what I didn't even find out about it
until this morning there there was there
was a small riot on the north side of
Milwaukee last night I know very little
I only know everything you guys know
which is what the news is reporting and
it's terrible it's terrible and you know
but it you know what it like it wasn't
in my neighborhood it wasn't even close
to me yeah I was never in danger so yeah
we don't have much to add to the city to
to the conversation so jump I think I
won't jump to be enter on the on the
gamepad because that's the big key you
know small riot sounds silly why every
right has to be big your sizes are you a
riot sizes you want a riot here no not
my towel yeah that was a small riot you
just saw a small riot
I don't yeah I don't know I actually
like it like I said I don't even know
how big the riot was some buildings were
put on fire some cars were smashed some
people were arrested that's all I know
so what do we want for Sprint I'm gonna
have to sprint we might have to sprint
every once in a while which is out of
control
Taysom good right do you think we'll
have to sprint or duck more
sprit you think I'm always spread okay
ducts is sometimes trade ducts is
sometimes treated okay okay so then
primary tack - one second I'd like for
us to reload weapon now see now we have
to start figuring out that jumps the
mouse key jump and reload I guess I got
the fancy mouse with the buttons I'd
like to have those on the mouse jump on
the mouse
I would I have I have four buttons on
the side one of them is in most games
one of them is usually reloaded and the
other is jump sure one next to the other
and like reload I could see in the mouse
like I think reload is gonna be this one
okay this button right here I don't have
any on the side of my mouth they're all
in the top use item let's make that this
one Mouse five crouching is usually not
something you have to do in the heat of
the moment right it's like something you
can think about later so doesn't need to
be ultra accessible you know why you're
right
alright we are gonna apply we are gonna
apply in the mouse seems to be good but
well I'll check now
let's start a new game very curious how
this can work dolphin from sequence us
Jack yes other than Citizen Kane citizen
came other than Jason Kane not citizen
came oh sure which movies made before
1960 do you enjoy the most
I don't enjoy Citizen Kane I think that
was a intentional date gun me cuz I I
understand I've seen it once yeah I
understand it's very very influential
it's very groundbreaking one of the most
important movies to modern cinema I
actually don't enjoy watching it I find
it to be very very boring played around
with a camera a lot and interesting
shots composition I know that well the
the composition it was one of the first
movies if not the first movie it's been
a while since I've looked in the film
book that used scene setup and camera
placement as a storytelling device la
basically invented modern cinematography
no every other movie before that was
just a stage play you know that they
just put
or somewhere and they filmed a stage
play so I understand why Citizen Kane is
super important I just find it very very
boring okay no game zone oh you know
what I see that I see that for some
reason top audio is all the way down
whoa give me a second I think it's
usually right there can you please turn
on subs for the game oh yes yes I can
thank you
okay now you should be here yeah I see
game sound already and let's see this
tape here and go to options and probably
audio and go to subtitles dialogue don't
they look like sound effects would that
be great boom boom boom boom boom boom
can we do Dakka Dakka Dakka Dakka okay
subtitles kablooie dialogue and sound
effects every time you shoot your gun
you see a bang
yeah bang bang bang now I kind of want a
game that does that have a great maybe a
great gimmick okay so I've played a
couple other games like you started
playing the original half-life with a
mouse and keyboard just the right before
I went on vacation just so I can start
getting used to the idea of using a
mouse and keyboard yeah and the whole
hey what what's your damage it's been a
while since I played this game and so
the whole point of this is to make Jack
better at mouse and keyboard I am
learning mouse and keyboard also turn on
some of the video effects if you have a
good PC and I do Oh
graphics video oh my god that resolution
didn't kick that up right off the bat
I scream virtual reality disabled
advanced detail hi hi hi reflect yeah
this is all hi okay what do anti daily
crank that up all the fun way yeah yeah
boom yeah motion blur yeah I personally
never got a big motion blur guy but it's
fancy high dynamic range we got wait for
verticals things to say yeah this looks
great all right cut apply this might
fuck everything up what for for to Nami
anime closed captions they actually do
that it is hilarious
highlights include yelling exasperated
Mon and assorted gunfire gunfire I love
it I love it okay so now look at this we
got this now this looks super fancy
piously no but it's still a game that
came out many many years ago what future
famous person says what is your personal
favorite blanket review nemesis yeah
possibly tied with the insurrection
review
you know what I'll just say I'm gonna
I'm gonna be but a little boring here
yeah that's fine and I'm just gonna say
generations because it was the first and
you know like as soon as I remember
seeing generations and just thinking to
myself Mike has really got something
Mike didn't think much of it yes it was
just like an interesting project he was
working on the side mmm and I saw it I'm
like he doesn't know what he's cooking
with gas yeah yeah absolutely this is
legit funny mm-hmm this can go somewhere
oh yeah I was I was the only one at rlm
that anticipated some kind of success oh
yeah yeah Mike Mike caught him off guard
me I'm thinking this this could be
something oh yeah yeah rich confirmed
for no modesty no that was I mean that
was the benefit of actually not being
involved with making it was just
something like Mike sent me a link I
made this wacky thing with about
generations gonna watch it yeah yeah
sure I'll take a look at it I remember
some of this
I remember some of this nonnamous says
hey Jack and rich I both look marvelous
other evening on the planet Earth
time for the philosophy question of the
week okay do you think consciousness is
material or immaterial consciousness is
is caused by material things it's
material it's in its information
consciousness is information I don't
even I barely understand the question so
I'll just go with rich on this one man
look at these graphics you know
consciousness is a series of electrical
signals yeah so sure it's material it's
a real it's a real thing it's more than
the sum of its parts I don't know no
that's just what we think it is because
we're egomaniacs I don't I don't believe
it could be separated from the material
world I'll go with that
practicing like moving and aiming at
shit
no no idea remove an aim and shit at the
same time this is so weird the other
like already my wrist feels like it's
gonna fall off and I've barely played it
alright
Jedi Knight was the first game that got
me to use a mouse and keyboard before
that oh my oh my uh first person gaming
was like like Wolfenstein and doom where
up and down was it a thing yeah you
could play doom just fine with just the
arrow keys yeah yeah it's like I don't
even play Doom with a with a controller
I just use the arrow fucking case nice
and when quake came out I didn't have a
computer that was good enough to run it
huh so I didn't I didn't really play the
first quake but then the year that quake
2 when Jedi Knight came out I had got a
new PC mm-hmm and Jedi Knight quake 2
and Jedi Knight that was my Christmas
one year glorious extremely glorious and
I instantly saw the advantages of
looking up and down oh yeah
and I just I taught myself how to do it
which is why I got the funky number key
thing and I don't do the WASD like
everyone else for the W and the S or the
same finger I got this like weird claw
grip when I do it oh yeah yeah that's
that's just weird to me but I said it
took me an evening to get used to it it
didn't take too long
you were younger you were your mind and
your body were more malleable I mean I'm
an old man that could be but I also
firmly believed that I couldn't de verte
mice D invert myself sure it took it
took one night of strife to get me most
of the way there
oh okay so I have faith that you can do
it jack
thank you I need all the faith I can get
I whoa whoa sorry you're glitching right
out RJ I'm gonna throw away some more
stuff all that garbage I'll display
Tim salmon says when we first heard
about all the horrible shit that went
down in Milwaukee today my girlfriend
and I thought of you guys first oh we're
glad you're healthy and safe we
unfortunately we really weren't that
close to it
no no it's horrible to watch the whole
thing no it's not we're not closer but
still let's not too far in the grand
scheme of things oh no no it's it's 15
minutes away
yeah it's 15 minutes away but you know
obviously a powder cake yeah we live in
a powder keg oh look at this city rich
reminds me of uh just like wacky goofy
sci-fi idea me and my Academy mmm and
back in high school or we're talking
about like this dystopian future where
there was this horrible rundown city but
this giant glorious tower in the middle
of it all where all the rich people
lived you know and just because we're
silly like like like this big rolling
pin was gonna come out of the tower
it was gonna like come down to the
ground and like in a circle it was just
gonna like wipe out all of the
impoverished areas oh man I you know and
I know you've never played this is the
half life boat cuz like I said like I
mentioned half-life one yeah that was
that was still on the quake one engine I
don't believe quake 2 had come out yet I
missed half-life 1 oh sure just because
of computers
timing I didn't really have computer
that was quite up to it and I missed it
I remember I remember playing this a
while ago I played this on the Xbox 360
and already I'm getting a little the
nostalgia is kicking in yeah just seeing
that city center right there look at
that now I just have to remember where
to go
Oh get in here look at this little
window you can peek in someone's getting
like interrogated in there oh sorry no I
believe skull Tollhouse says Jack that
does your new phone maturity mean your
$200 Xbox controller has been consigned
to the dustbin I will still use it when
Max but even me as a vowel mice and
keyboard guy yeah there's still plenty
of games I prefer the controller for
like the Arkham games games totally
through and through you know there's
plenty of games that are just controller
there's still plenty of uses for a nice
controller and that controller is so
fucking nice but you know what you know
what I'm thinking
the the reason I want to get started on
this now is because I know as soon as I
am able to upgrade my computer I'm gonna
play overwatch on it we should do that
soon huh we should do that soon we don't
know you know we will I'm looking at
stuff I'm looking at stuff but it's
gonna happen sooner or later
I didn't I I still need to I still need
to send you the link for the RAM upgrade
and then I should probably think about a
new video card or something down the
road not immediately yeah yeah it's like
spend a couple years
oh not up there okay I won't go up there
oh Jesus correct Jesus Christ
mr. Fibble 9 hello from England Jack and
rich have you two seen Suicide Squad
also lol Roger my tallywacker Roger my
tallywhacker I have not seen the Suicide
Squad yeah neither right funny story
mildly mildly funny story mildly amusing
story I got roped into going to the
Renaissance Faire today yeah I was I was
a Renaissance Faire ringer today okay
and we're watching like the Durkin guido
surd fighting show and they do like a
comical sword fight stage
yeah and person behind me this girl says
this is better than Suicide Squad yeah
personally I have not seen Suicide Squad
I probably will eventually just because
I want to know what all the hate is
about but is it is just not high up on
my list woah woah I think they're
shooting at me I'm pretty sure they're
shooting at me
I am I hear nothing but bad things did
you hear about like weekend box office
they had an almost 80% drop oh my god
ticket sales well they're opening week
was so insane
they got like a hundred and thirty-five
well we got like AB large number opening
week didn't they they killed it yeah but
they're I mean they're already like oh
well fuck they're already on pace oh
fuck they're already on pace not to make
their money back oh oh that's right
that's right that's right I remember I
remember that was a forest failure I'll
talk about the run fair adventure but I
got so many tips just keep coming Jack
Brad well yeah and yeah so like so
suicide oh oh we remember her ah Suicide
Squad I've heard nothing but bad things
I saw a very funny video today about it
was some girl like going through all of
these like ridiculous plot holes and
yeah like I now I'm I'm more curious to
see it just to see all the plot holes
than hey about it being a good movie
I'm interested in it but I don't want to
give them any more money you know yeah
Oh Alex not obsess jack speaking of news
and crime did you hear that Steven
Avery's making a murderer nephews
conviction was overturned because his
prosecutor perhaps because prosecution
slash defense was so fucked up 90 days
until freedom or retrial yes I did did
you watch making a murderer I started to
yeah I never finished him oh yeah yeah
yeah oh I was hooked man you watch that
first episode that and he's just we
actually I was talking about this that
that did come up up north I was up north
this week this past week and and that
came up because we all saw the news and
actually some of the people we were up
north with new people who knew people
you know who like were around Appleton
at the time that all happened and like I
think one of one of the big problems
with the documentary and the filmmakers
have said like this documentary is not
about either of their innocence we are
not here to prove that these people are
innocent or guilty this documentary is
about the missteps the justice system
took okay mistakes were made on every
single level and so these these guys did
not get a fair trial and that's what all
the documentary was about but then like
you see the documentary you go well of
course Steven Avery he's innocent of
course of course he is how could you do
it but like there's a bunch of stuff
that they left out of the documentary
that like was about his innocence or
guilt but it had nothing to do the
justice system and so it's it's really
it's fair it's a wonderful dog country
but it's literally just about how the
police fucked up and the court system
fucked up okay and I did see that this
kid this kid who is mentally challenged
was bullied into giving a confession
and part of his confession was like
admitting that he helped rape and murder
this girl that was part of this boys
confession his teenage kids confession
and then after he confessed he was
wondering if he'd be able to go to
Wrestlemania that weekend
he just didn't you can just tell he did
not understand the things he was saying
and he was bullied into confessing so
hopefully hopefully both cases are
looked at again because there was some
there were some not cool stuff happening
over there Brendon can finally go to
Wrestlemania
right oh yeah no um miscarriage of
justice does not do it justice oh I was
so fucked up like Steven Avery you know
if you saw the first episode you know he
was like wrongly convicted of rape like
20 years prior you have to be careful
though because documentaries they can
twist facts oh of course
they can twist facts they cannot they
cannot stay selectively show what they
only what they want to show oh right
right I'm Gordon Freeman I am Joe by the
way check out how not to make a movie
the documentary about the making of
gorillas interrupted that's a great
movie that's a great documentary that's
not to make a movie that's hilarious
can I pick this up I can't pick up this
paper I'll get back to uh oh okay I'll
talk about the run fur
oh I'll be reading tips on that sure
it's a girth around there I got I got
roped into going Karen was gonna go to
the red firm okay she was gonna go with
the Renaissance Fair Renaissance Fair in
Bristol and she's gonna go with some of
her girlfriends okay people she went to
high school with and the last-minute
like the day before one of them couldn't
go she had a job thing okay and the
other friend who I'm just gonna call
Barbara was bringing her her boyfriend
mm-hmm and so I just in order to have it
not be like an awkward third wheel thing
yeah I had to go it was your it was your
manly obligation yes yes to
company your lady to the Renaissance
Fair and III learned a lot about our LMS
demographic okay how many times do you
think I got recognized a bunch in front
of like a bunch of nerds who like to
dress up as Renaissance people I would
guess at least 10 times wasn't 10 but it
was four okay that's pretty I got
recognized four times I'm on the way in
mm-hmm this guy has a girlfriend
oh you're rich have a nice man I only
took a picture with him and I get in and
walking around like 10 minutes later ah
hey you're rich Evans Oh actually he was
he was really clever about it anything
cuz a prick I really appreciated this he
looks at me and I can instantly tell cuz
I've been through this it's not my first
rodeo all right
I instantly saw his look of recognition
but he points at me Jesus you're wearing
that back to the Future t-shirt and I'm
like okay maybe you didn't recognize
maybe he just likes me back to the
future and then he he faked me out cuz
he did recognize it was me nice while he
was running to get his camera to take a
picture with me somebody else walked up
and said I just heard your voice you're
rich Evans I just I just heard that
voice it's pretty recognizable to me at
least and then one other guy who was
like like in line for some kind of that
I think the what are they saw a
sarsaparilla or the sir something what's
a drink they got got some kind of black
licorice soda cuz basically what it is
okay and this guy just it turns he looks
at me looks go straight at the eyes
adjust your it was more like confusion
like if I if I didn't know if I didn't
know in my head that he was recognizing
me I would have thought he had mental
problems and then he doesn't say a word
he's just staring at me and then slowly
he sees like for the handshake and ever
breaking eye contact ladies yes I'm rich
Evans and I sugars
I believe it I believe that the Ren
Faire has a very specific set of nerds
if you go to the Ren Faire
I I recommend not going with a group or
this just could be the people I've gone
with in the past
mm-hmm traditionally I have a terrible
time at the Ren Faire yeah but I've
always gone gone I've always gotten
taken there with like a larger group of
people okay and they're usually just
smocks who don't want to do anything fun
did you did you do axe throwing no oh
man now like the time I went before this
like a few years ago I went to the I
went to the Ren Faire with Karen her
friend Barbara and some of Barbara's
friends okay
Barbara's friends were some of the most
stuck-up self-important assholes I've
ever fucking known oh and and Barbara
who has no self-esteem is just like
lapping up their droppings hoping
they'll notice her oh and of course
they're just composed completely
ignoring me and Karen hmm anything we
wanted to do was just like kind of just
like ignored like there's all this
fucking great fun shit that goes on
there to get jugglers you got people
walking around on stilts doing some kind
of amazing act and this one uh this
nutty store is selling leather of course
it's let's look at those for 20 minutes
oh oh look the good stuff dragons they
were wandering around the store of these
fucking assholes the stores yeah
just with these fucking assholes were
friends with Barbara eventually I pulled
Karen to the side like Karen let's ditch
these fucking losers and then we went
and watched the purple person who like
the fire whip is the first time I ever
actually enjoyed the run fair was when I
said fuck you to the group of idiots I
was with and I just I just hung out with
Karen and we didn't oh that looks fun
let's go do that no they have some fun
shit that they have like a bird show
like a falconers show you can go
now you can do ax throwing bars like
Mooney Mooney the juggler who just
whistles he doesn't talk just whistles
at people and he gets volunteers to help
him and he tries to communicate what he
needs them to do through gestures
gestures and whistling mm-hmm like he's
gonna do like the the fire thing on the
tightrope
he's like pointing at the bucket like
you got to pour the bucket on me when
I'm on fire and he's trying to pantomime
all of this it's kind of great I don't
thing he's long for it though guys like
he's been doing it for 30 years
Oh 27 years I think he said of us a
twenty seventh year this time Wow
all right uh now to the tips now to the
dips I got that business out of the way
the business the business of tips
stories needed to be told they needed to
be told that's what we're here for
tell stories this this time it's lupus
lupus hey guys glad the tiny riots
haven't disrupted your life I'm grilling
some skirt steaks for a late dinner
what's your favorite meal cheese fries
and they will be the death of me she's
she's fries he'd said she's fries I mean
any combination of like melting kind of
fried cheese hmm you know you can't go
wrong pizza
good pizza you know I'm a sandwich guy I
enjoy sandwiches of all kinds recently
I've been making for you know summertime
so there's a lot of get to go as you
always have to bring a dish I've been
making this super amazing potato salad
like thick chopped potatoes
a Mayo yogurt dressing with just fresh
herbs and capers it's just super simple
and incredibly satisfying chap a meal is
whatever you shove and you're going
until you're not hungry anymore that's a
meal you need a a grocery bag full of
candy bars that's a meal not a good one
nobody's favorite me nobody's favorite
meal but it's a meal absolutely
Maximilian Tarzan says play with wasd
and on hard and I will subscribe for at
least two months even I'm from Europe
and can't watch your streams ever
because I have real adult nine-to-five
job not playing video games on the
internet
I'm playing a normal because again I'm
just trying to learn yeah how to use a
mouse and keyboard and you know not
using WASD I'm using a number pad you
should consider something like portal
yeah yeah we are we are not under the
gun well then you know what that's why I
kind of want to
choose this is because like okay I want
I want some pressure sink or swim
yeah okay and like here's a game that
I've played before I've beaten before
shit I gotta beat up these guys now hey
these guys might fucking crowbar get out
of here
woah woah oh oh and I'm gonna get a gun
no now I got a fucking gun and I like
I'm feeling a little motion sick but not
a lot motion sick maybe a lot of motion
sick so I don't know how good that is
mmm oh actually just turning right oh
fuck oh ghost host 9 9 9 says a small
thank you for all the great
entertainment thank you
are you home I need some water pause so
you know if you want to subscribe I
guess you know about the person who said
use WASD and I'll subscribe like I got I
got a number pad I got a mouse I'm
playing on normal if you want to
subscribe subscribe if you don't you
don't you know then tallian hubber says
jack over watch was both by a very first
mouse keyboard game and my first FPS
game if i can get the hang of playing
tracer on keyboard then you can get used
to a 2 exclamation point exclamation
point smiley face maybe him yeah maybe
I'm gonna turn down the field of view I
think that might have been the problem
Oh turn down for what turn down for what
yeah Jack can't be bought like I can be
bought but I'm not gonna give in to
demands and you know you gotta buy me
first
oh hold on I'm gonna get some more water
have we ever considered playing Red Dead
Redemption on stream
yeah I've certainly considerate I would
love with him to release that fucker on
PC just
for Xbox one where the fucking you going
water okay Jack's going to get water
just this guy you know says originally I
was completely uninterested but I've
heard a sausage party is actually really
good
also it has a 982 on Rotten Tomatoes you
guys see it thinking about it yeah you
know what I didn't even hear about it
until the other day oh yeah yeah and in
general I find myself not to be a fan of
Seth Rogen one of his he's in it he's a
voice in it okay shut somebody already
variously very generously gifted me Dead
Rising 1 on PC nice I can finally get
rid of the fucking Xbox oh yeah by the
way when that came out on PC just
everyone's Twitter or our our previously
recorded Twitter went fucking apeshit
rich there's no yes rich yes I don't
know that I need to do another
playthrough though I mean nothing's got
a top I know death run my perfect no
death run right
it's unpossible
wait what's happening says have you
discussed this yet not sure myself but
what are your thoughts on no man's sky
I hear the PC version is far superior
any thoughts you'll probably hear what
we have to say about no man's sky at
some point in the future as it is I've
only just started playing it I haven't
had much time the last couple of days
and it only came out on PC like the 12th
right and yeah we are doing a full
Episode on no man's sky and neither of
us have gotten terribly far into it and
we we have not we have not solidified
what we think about it yet to really get
a good talking about it so you have to
wait I am sorry but you have to wait
MC Lucas says after waking up to news of
the riot today I was worried about you
guys really glad to hear you're alright
here's $2 for not dying congratulations
I'm really glad a lot of people worried
about us I'm touched I'm touched but we
were in no danger we were new danger
anonymous says hey guys I am super
fuckin down to be executive producer of
wealthy tower rolling-pin wipeouts I
think it's a really promising concept
just tell me which characters you and
Mike want to play fuckin wealthy tower
rolling pin wiped out and is that the
name of the movie I don't remember what
final was but that was the gist I like
that I like that as a title if I don't
need to shoot every one of these guys no
no whoa killers cbh says do you guys
know that Michael ayan black played
Donatello in the Broadway production of
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles coming out
of their shells he dropped out of
college to become a turtle I didn't I
love that I know that now thank you
anonymous is great to see the good
champs tonight Oh a question for all of
us to contemplate isn't it fucking crazy
that we live in a world where rich Evans
can be a celebrity no shit right
it's the weirdest fucking thing well
Karen posted a picture of her and me on
Facebook yeah we actually went went
hiking biking we went biking Wow
yeah I know I'm gonna regret that one we
went biking on our bikes down by the the
lake uh-huh and we just you know we just
took a picture of ourselves
and like one of her Facebook friends
thought she was just posting a picture
then she met the celebrity rich Evans
didn't realize that you were that word
yeah that's great
yep definitely gonna live to regret the
day King yep yep little motion second
Mike needs to be performed immediately
about the diking yeah Bouck Alex and the
ISIS this may be pathetic but all of the
celebrity of all the celebrities I enjoy
are LM are the only people for whom I've
practiced what I would practice what I
would say if I ever met them you guys
are just that cool keep up the great
work
Thank You Lucas Ducas says good sir rich
did you hit a turkey leg at the fair did
not oh he didn't
he's powering me up yep oh no I might
barf might barf putting that out there
this might not have been a good idea
Ridge playing this with the mouse
keyboard well you know you're in it now
Jack you're in it now you got it you
have to push through here's the oh yeah
yeah no matter one you do it yeah it's
gonna be difficult
yeah you may as well do it do it during
a stream when you're not gonna be too
too distracted or tempted to do
something else oh no and you know if I
barf like people that it that's fun
that's fine yeah you should you say I
feel like I'm feeling like faint if that
if that means anything okay keep with a
jack keep with it
lower fov and mouse sensitivity you
fucks I did lower the fov I lowered the
FOV album we're out of the sensitivity
might find something you're happier with
play around with that sensitivity uh-huh
I put the let me just make sure that ya
field of view is now lowest at 75
hmm mouse sensitivity we sure will try
lower in that a little bit I have it's a
1.9 am i enjoying no man's sky I'm
worried there's not gonna be enough
variety in the things you can do yeah
and I know both of us are very early on
both of us are only like four or five
hours in yeah and so it's hard to tell
now how much variety we're gonna get
blood if what I've experienced so far is
any indication I'm not I'm not excited
okay gruff McMillan Theresa's rich like
the roller coaster stream with Karen I
would have liked to watch more but my
girlfriend instantly got nostalgic for
zoo tycoon dugout our 15 year old copy
and reinstalled end of that night that
I'm so sorry you did roller coaster
takin him for a little bit we couldn't
quite get it to work with him it didn't
want a string it didn't want a stream
interesting it's some freezing issues we
had the weird issue where wasn't he was
like just wanted to be in like the
top-left corner
eventually we just said the hell with it
I put on pac-man 256 ah nice
donar archon says jack and rich what was
the worst documentary you had seen also
are there any documentaries that have
the same quality as the bad movies you
have seen I've never seen an enjoyably
bad documentary I've probably seen some
that were just too dry but I don't
remember what they were what they were
about yeah I don't know if I can just
like remember like it's just an awful
documentary so missus nice job you know
what that is that's the control and aim
of a mouse right there look shit I'm
probably supposed to leave here
eventually right hmm I might die oh do
you think no man's sky is maybe one of
the hardest games to put a number score
on because if it's technological
achievement technical technical logical
achievement don't mean dick if you don't
have a fun end product you know that is
you know that is some truth that's rich
but rich Evans dropping some truth bombs
y'all got a deal with that y'all got a
deal with that fuck you know you know it
was a technological achievement what
Beta Beta tips yeah how that turned out
how that turned out for Betamax
significantly better than VHS mm-hmm
mm-hmm
did really well for them in the long run
tired sad says do you think DC films can
at all be salvaged or is it too late in
the run to course-correct I think it's
too late in the run to course-correct it
they can only course correct if they put
some different people in charge of their
damn movies and you know they're not
going to do that how do you fix Superman
can you is Superman beyond being fixed
if here's the thing people people will
forgive we're gonna pause it for this
mmm
people will forgive if you can put out a
good movie okay don't give Superman a
reboot like a whole like new actor new
everything
same Superman fuck fuck cow man same
universe no one will care
give him a new director and a new
scriptwriter okay same Superman same
everyone people will love him okay
you don't need a universe or booth like
spider-man we're getting a universe
reboot just because just because of
studio logistics but like even if we got
a new spider-man in the Oh in in the
Andrew Garfield universe it would still
be fine because it'd be a good movie
well spider-man one I don't blame them
they don't want that they don't want
that crap in the Marvel with MCU they
don't want that stink yeah but you know
what it is a perfect example of this
Star Trek band I really hated into
darkness everyone did everyone hated in
today well I don't know if that's
entirely true but I hated into darkness
when to see beyond I no longer care
about into darkness because beyond is so
much fun I can just I can just be happy
watching Star Trek the Star Trek and
Star Trek beyond and forgetting about
that into darkness stuff
I watched into darkness because of Star
Trek beyond yeah afterwards I liked that
I did Cumberbatch he's a good he could
have been a great villain he's a fine
they didn't like mismanage every other
aspect of that film damn he could have
been a great villain oh yeah
fuck Peter what's this mrs. face though
Robocop damn it Peter Admiral makeva in
the movie yeah
just far far too cartoony I'm an admiral
and I say Starfleet should be evil I'm
gonna start wars because evil because
the evil rich I am thought at 200 year
old man to help design modern technology
because I'm so dumb there's a lady it's
the most advanced ship ever built and
Spock was able to take it out with a
ruse but any case but I mean it just
I'm just really hammered home rewatching
that what ash what have a horrible waste
of con and better to Cumberbatch that
was yep but you know like to me the
point the point is with Superman you can
still have Superman in his universe and
his next movie you can turn it all
around as long as Zack Snyder's not
behind the camera and you get a decent
scriptwriter yeah that Harvey Cavell or
whatever his name is Henry Cavill looks
the part he might be a fine actor I have
no idea the other thing to that really
really want rewatching into darkness
really hit home yeah it's just how
terribly Kirk was written what a what a
moron yeah there was a moron running
that starship an experienced kid who
should not have been in charge because
the one the one the wasn't good the well
not the one good thing one of the great
things about beyond Kirk actually feels
like Kirk yeah he he's reasonable he's
he's smart he's clever he's he's not oh
going them babes allmovie long oh so
many babes talking about babes he's not
he's not being reckless for the sake
for the souls sake of being reckless hmm
he's actually written like Kirk I don't
really know what I have to do tell of
them babes though
oh you know at 6:03 idiot says hey Jack
hey Rick many people are saying that
blockbusters are on the way out if that
is true what kind of movies would you
like to see being made in the future lol
fuck my god blockbusters are not on
their way out everything else is on
their way out no we're still gonna get a
couple good blockbusters every year
Marvel's still printing money
Jurassic world printed money yep
Star Wars printing money blockbusters
are not even close to being dead
no the what's what's gonna be dead is
literally everything else name a comedy
that made money in the theaters this
year you can't is is the moral of sorry
you had you had big-name comedies you
had Andy Sandberg in that superstar
movie you had Keano starring key and
Peele you had a zillion comedies come
out this year deadline you know why
people can watch those in their couch
and they don't care about going to the
theaters anymore yeah there's plenty of
good food good comedies on Netflix yes
yep yep Oh Jack horsemen hi breakable
Kimmy Schmidt no so so your blockbuster
your event movie isn't going anywhere
the what you what we are going to lose
is the stuff that's easily replaceable
by whoa whoa shit
bye Netflix originals
I need some health justice guy you know
it says use these 10 Canadian dollars to
convince Colin to do a call in bit for
the no man's sky episode assuming he has
an opinion on it we'll get right on that
whoopsie I'm guarantee nothing oopsie
killed myself have comedies ever made
theater money those Buster's Something
About Mary kingpin all the Farley
Brothers films these are great examples
Merc of pie oh that's a that's a good
one yeah
oh no comedies you used to make a large
amount of money and the comedies are
generally pretty cheap to produce and so
even if they weren't making huge Bank
they were making their money back they
were profitable yet naked naked gun
airplane just not lately just not lately
because now that has been that is
Netflix's territory though one of the
stream it's a stream of good comedies
that made money in the theater anchorman
is another fine bridesmaids made a ton
of money in the theaters that's a modern
one
guardians of the galaxy isn't a call
that a straight up comedy comedic
elements know that was an event movie
humor in it yeah Austin Powers thank you
like comedies used to make money and
people aren't going out to see them
anymore
guardians of the galaxy I would category
is a light-hearted adventure yes well
and you know what
guardians because it's a Marvel movie is
oh yeah there's stuff in here isn't
there is is an event movie
I forgot their boxes back here budget
Messiah says hey guys any word on the
potentiality of a star control to the
earth Quan master stream it would
probably take more than a couple of
streams to finish it but I think it
would be time well spent I still need to
look into us yeah so a lot of things I
just haven't gotten around to there's
many times as star control - as bud
mentioned I still haven't really went
into it yeah because when I go home my
brain reboots and I forget everything
that happened here wow this is why it
took me like years to watch dread yeah I
should watch dread I know I know I'll
watch when I get home what I got a hold
on watching two years of that before I
actually watched it you know I was
aiming for the barrel there we go look
I've never I know I know I understand
star control two is free I haven't
balked at paying for it I just I'm not
thinking about it when I get home right
and then and then you know there's other
stuff to do yeah sad man Jax's you met
me and my wife at the fair the fair
entrance yes I remember you I hope the
visit was positive for you and that my
brother who who faked you out with the
shirt okay so does your brother
okay didn't cost too much of a scene he
lost his mind from how he tells it yeah
I was amusing I like I said I've been
down that road people get really excited
to meet me like I've talked about this
before I was uh when I was helping Karen
move up here we took some of her old
books to the Half Price Books we're
gonna sell some of her books off and
this guy it was in like the the car in
front of us when we parked was staring
at me the whole time I was parking mmm
you know is this guy one krumholz it's
got like a weirdo
this is creepy he's just staring at us
then we get out of the car and he gets
out of his car nothing oh no oh no and
then he comes over and I was like oh
you're rich Evans oh god I've never met
a celebrity before was that whole kind
of routine oh and then in its excitement
to meet me he had he had locked his keys
in his car
yeah felt terrible then nothing I can do
about it at that point
oh yeah like I saw these books hi tiny
break I'm not playing I'm learning I'm
learning
flying Finn I'm learning how to use a
mouse and keyboard and I feel like I'm
doing pretty well I am experiencing some
pretty harsh motion sickness so I'm just
taking a little break where I'm closing
my eyes and kind of reset in the brain
close your eyes um we'll just talk about
some more tips I'd be great do those and
then we'll get back to it
Tim salmon says Jack get yourself a pair
of C bands they worked wonders for me oh
that's not a bad idea I've heard good
things about those what RC bounds there
are they're motion sickness bracelets
basically and they hit like a weird
pressure point
this sounds like quackery it's it's not
quackery it works Lisa used it when she
was ahead was that had morning sickness
okay okay
there's sounds like a big Phelps SIBO
there could be what it sounds like hey
if it's a placebo then it's still
whatever as long as it works
ready for physics puzzle every half-life
game has one physics puzzle dad say t5
says hey greetings from Austria have you
ever played this war of mine it's a
great game plus some of its DLC are
basically donations to War Child charity
also why are you streaming so late it's
4 a.m. here you Fu we are streaming
pretty late we this is when we could get
together I like I said I was i I was I
was told to go to the Renaissance Fair
today not that I didn't enjoy myself I
enjoyed watching the acts I wasn't
because I didn't go with a group of
complete fucking assholes this time it
was a large part of the reason why and I
just the time I got home from that it
was already seven than I had oh oh yeah
you know get ready pack up the Peter
come over here set up for the stream it
happens sometimes
yeah dink was trying to get Karen to
leave the Renaissance Fair and I love
Karen but a lot of times getting her to
do something that's like herding cats
somebody had a service dog and that that
was a ten-minute commerce I said you
know what is he doing a three-legged
service dog oh yeah yeah that's you know
what that is that's a bunch of cuteness
I was think you know like how the hell
what the hell does a three-legged dog do
for you that's the service dog
apparently just she had some kind of
anxiety issues the dog was just a
calming influence oh this sounds like a
lot of bullshit to me but whatever I
give a fuck
it totally is you know you can bring
literally any dog on an airplane yeah if
you claim it's a service dog really they
need they need they need no official
paperwork or anything you can you can
just say oh this dog is a service dog
that sounds great because it helps me
with my anxiety for flying Chad said
that's an out-of-service talk oh yeah I
like that comment I like that coming
okay there I'm getting there
hab 78 said it's said Patrick Stewart's
last performance as Professor X will be
in the upcoming Wolverine film
personally I hope he returns as
ambassador Picard in the new series
butts hopes well the new series
supposedly is taking place 10 years
before the original series oh okay I
know why they're trying to dodge
continuity issues like what universe is
this in the JJ universe or is this in
the prime unit xx cloning you ten years
before I could be either then I know
they don't have to answer any questions
like where's Vulkan what happened to
Vulcan sure sure that's Martin yep
they're playing neutral yeah essentially
it's time it's lupus says hey guys the
question about worst documentaries got
me thinking the worst documentary I've
ever seen is apocalypse ww1 the driest
passionless narration I have ever seen
in any documentary ever
well we'll all avoid that documentary
what was one J was talking about with
about about like the documentary maker
who who like kept like filming himself
just nodding do you remember that yes I
don't remember which it was though he
was like it was kind of interesting but
then it just kept cutting to the
director and he just kept nodding you
don't need to show this you don't need
to show the battery
Phila hecka says here's $2 hoping Jack
pukes come on Jack blow chunks I'd enjoy
it
PS bitch did anyone at the Ren Faire
dresses Star Trek characters claiming
they're studying the culture of the Ren
Faire people that would have been funny
there was somebody it looked like I
didn't get a good look at them it look
like they're in a kind of a medieval
style Darth Vader outfit
mmm like some Darth Vader II like chess
piece and the black cave with some blood
chainmail mixed in little nerd crossover
sure I didn't get a good look at them I
couldn't I didn't know they're wearing
masks or not they had some kind of hood
okay yeah blowing chunks is I think
before blowing chunks is just meaning
needing to lay down on the floor I might
need to lie down on the floor for like
five minutes just to reset my brain I
think for the I think upcoming I need
the I was talking about Karen on the way
to the Ren Faire yeah and my car's my
car's a nice cherry red mm-hmm
she she wanted me to get a decal for my
car yeah vinyl decal a Starfleet logo
like the combadge oh yeah not dead
center either I wanted like like the car
has a combat and that would be the
coolest thing that would be me but if I
do that she's gonna have to her next
car's gonna have to be blue so she can
get one too home yeah yeah that's great
what was I doing you don't know I don't
know you're you're doing a game
flashlight I need to I need to change
what button turns my flat okay there we
go okay and I do I just need to lay down
you take your time we take it to you
later on you want you lay down it is
really affecting you and then do you
want to try a different game
set fov set to 90 for the sake of your
brain what is it set to know he tried
setting it to 90 initially okay and then
you said it to 90 and you're making a
motion sickness and somebody else said a
set of 75 I'm saying I'm repeating all
this because you're a mile away from the
mic so now you think it's better okay
okay
Lord Belmont says if you want to see
hilariously bad documentary watch hidden
colors think ancient aliens for Afro
centrists historical revisionism it's
horrible and hilarious there are four of
them full length I just thought of a bad
documentary aliens on the moon did we
show you part of this like aliens on the
moon and they just like they took like
rock formations on the moon and they
just colored them colors and they
insisted that these were artificial
shapes it was the the the dumbest
fucking thing I had ever seen and and it
was it was it was delivered like it was
like actual science
boom alien structures on the moon this
weird shadow could be a radar dish
designed to look like Rock dumbest
fucking thing I have ever seen
zach is getting more water aimless
Corsair says this may be an unpopular
opinion but I think Superman is kind of
boring in general that said I actually
kind of like Smallville mostly because
it focuses on Clark Kent instead as a
fair opinion for you to have I don't
really see in Smallville
so I can't come in it seemed like it
seemed like they were trying to steal
Spider Man this bit with the teenage
hero it was it was Smallville was his
typical low-budget superhero sci-fi
stuff or you know they had villain of
the week the Smallville's deal you know
his young Superman a young Clark Kent
high school age Clark Kent but what what
if Superman were as interesting as
spider-man no god but knows the premise
it wasn't even that so he was still
trying to figure out his powers so he
was weaker and the give of the show was
that there was just kryptonite fucking
everywhere in Smallville yeah and the
Kryptonite is what like turned people
into monsters and they're so that's why
you'd have like this guy who's a monster
but he's a kryptonite monster so he'll
hurt Clark cans it was it was it was
fine for a couple seasons and then I got
really dumb it's kryptonite the worst
thing to happen to Superman yes it gave
rise so much lazy writing
he's got kryptonite yeah kryptonite like
what can you do it though I said you
know what kryptonite is not the worst
thing to happen to Superman what
happened before kryptonite Superman
became too
powerful him becoming God yeah okay if
when he was just like strong and was
able to leap tall buildings that was
great well is that only a problem if
you're you're focusing on like action
sites and not some kind of grander ideas
of how you use these powers responsibly
mmm-hmm you can do some interesting
things with godlike powers sure it's
probably not as easy as you got to punch
the thing well you know like I said for
me my Superman has always been the
animated series and so like you know and
in the animated series his whole shtick
was just about like his only weakness
was not saving everyone yeah
that's he just cared too much about
everyone around him and so to me that
was interesting that's what made him a
hero but

[Part II]
anymore a while aimless Corsair says
this may be an unpopular opinion but I
think Superman is kind of boring in
general that said I actually kind of
like Smallville mostly because it
focuses on Clark Kent instead as a fair
opinion for you to have I don't really
see in Smallville
so I can't come in it seemed like it
seemed like they were trying to steal
spider-man this bit with the teenage
hero it was it was Smallville was his
typical low-budget superhero sci-fi
stuff or you know they had villain of
the week the the Smallville's deal you
know his young Superman a young Clark
Kent high school age Clark Kent but what
what if Superman were is interesting the
Spider Man no but knows it premise it
wasn't even that so he was still trying
to figure out his powers so he was
weaker and the give of the show was that
there was just kryptonite fucking
everywhere in Smallville yeah and the
Kryptonite is what like turned people
into monsters and so that's why you'd
have like this guy who's a monster but
he's a kryptonite monster so he'll hurt
Clark cans it was it was it was fine for
a couple seasons and then I got really
dumb its kryptonite the worst thing to
happen to Superman yes gave rise so much
lazy writing
he's got kryptonite yeah kryptonite like
what can you do it though I said you
know what kryptonite is not the worst
thing to happen to Superman what
happened before kryptonite Superman
became too powerful him becoming God
yeah okay if when he was just like
strong and was able to leap tall
buildings that was great well is that
only a problem if you're you're focusing
on like action fights not some kind of
grander ideas of how you use this beast
powers responsibly mm-hmm you can do
some interesting things with godlike
powers sure it's probably not as easy
you got to punch the thing well you know
like I said for me my Superman has
always been the animated series and so
like you know and in the animated series
his whole shtick was just about like his
only weakness was not saving everyone
yeah that's he just cared too much about
everyone around him and so to me that
was interesting that's what made him a
hero but yeah really Superman was kind
of a prick yeah he would like just smash
through the doors he would like shake
the rich person you got to be nice or a
guy he didn't care about truth and
justice rule of law as much as he cared
about throwing his waiter on sure that's
funny okay this poor guy sleeps in them
I'm stronger than you and you have to do
what I say I'm stronger than you and you
have to do it I say what is that thing
tired and sad have either of you watched
The Killing Joke yet could you I still
haven't got around to it nope could you
write your favorite cinematic Jokers
Mark Hamill and then Keith ledger Heath
Ledger yep
that's uh that's pretty fair if you're
going for pure cinematic Joker you have
to say Heath Ledger because you know
yeah Mark Hamill wasn't really in a
movie but uh that's not live-action but
yeah she's a Romero I'm in this you know
great for its time it's great for that
version of the Joker mm-hmm feel like I
should be able to get over there that
was back when though when the Joker was
just uh yeah just a criminal who had
like clown motif I got a gun shaped like
a like a flower a balloon animal and
that's the thing that's my gimmick
didn't ever hit the same psychology
behind his actions psychosis yeah yeah
the insanity he's just a clown who stole
things I'm gonna rob the bank rat ran is
it there's that thing right there and I
just want to know if I can grab it which
is what I'm doing it I don't know if I'm
like barking up the wrong tree here but
I really want to grab it woof there it
is Gunther studios is hack frauds I
don't know why you lowered the why you
lowered 2fo the fov 275 raising the fov
to around 90 or 95 may solve some of
your problems
let's see conflicting and we're getting
conflicting information from the chat
this is why we have a problem trusting
you guys I want to let you know that 9
who says hey gents the last time
saw my girlfriend I mentioned I watched
your streams on Twitch and she looked
upset a few days later she broke up with
me oh you're totally worth it oh thanks
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
you know once they you think I'd be used
to causing women to break up with a girl
with her boyfriends by now Thank You
Eris not just not used to it never gets
easier for it gets easier like once
again you know last week I went up north
and it was a bit of a family trip there
was some family there's some friends of
family and once again I ran into the
very unique situation of explaining to
people what it is I do and you know
usually it's to older people you know I
love friends of the family ah so you may
you do videos what's that about and you
know like a lot of it's easy oh oh I
make commercials you know what that is
you know I I make Internet videos and
everyone knows what Internet videos are
now and so oh oh that's fun and you know
I can show I can bring up some you know
with past me beer stuff Russian kickers
usually pretty popular and then I start
explaining about the live-streaming and
they just delays over right yeah yeah
still still kind of weird
Karen tried to explain it to her mother
yeah the screaming that's it's like it's
like psych talk radio it's like talk
radio only the viewers could type at
each other and that's you know it was a
fine way to explain what's it like
that's why you know I know like a while
ago we were someone recently brought
this up about us and being hypocrites
okay sorry sorry this might go on off on
a different tangent I want to go back oh
no II think go ahead no no you do yours
oh my tangent was someone was calling us
hypocrites because we're doing this now
and why are we back in the day we were
talking we were we were talking down on
let's players and I don't know if I ever
talked down on let's players I just said
it's pride not anything we would do and
like we don't let's play we do a live
stream which is different than unless
because of the chat I'm trying to think
of what I ever would have put down a
let's play against let's play I think I
think it was something I say no like I
also say like I've watched let's play so
I but I think I said as an editor I
wouldn't like that because there's
nothing to edit yeah but well oh yeah
yeah what we're doing is not lets
playing it's live streaming and we have
the chat that's what makes it different
and unique yeah so anyway sorry guys
that was just a bit of a tangent so you
mention explaining to people what you do
yeah make videos on the internet I had
an experience the other day here's
here's what's going on I lately my
project has been I'm trying to improve
on the plink get on board
oh okay we use we use pucks on the last
episode we use the four can afford
mm-hmm and you know there's an issue
where and you might not know this
because I tried a whole bunch of
different pucks and they get stuck
there's like too much friction
they're like halfway down and they just
land on a I'm gonna call a spike it's
not really a spike a peg and they just
stop and when they don't stop they kind
of don't have enough lateral movement
they mostly just went straight down so
I'm trying to solve that problem and
solution I found they were actually
working really well is uh instead of
going with a puck I am using a ball now
a ball and I wanted to experiment with a
bunch of different types of balls cuz
you know I don't know who's you know my
bounce out or might be too wide or might
not be why um yeah so I went to this
local it's a tiny it's like a used
sporting goods store okay it's a small
little place it wasn't like a big giant
storm this is one guy behind the counter
and I'm buying like I'm like tennis
balls I'm buying racquetball balls and
buying these wiffle ball I mind like a
whole bunch of different balls and this
man this one was the guy in this little
sports stores like like looking at me
like why do you rake in the money what
you do with all these different balls a
fair question and I just sighed because
I knew now I was forced to like spend 15
minutes trying to explain
what I do and why I'm like not only do I
got to explain that I built a giant
Plinko board but I have to explain why
here's here's a 20-minute conversation I
don't want to have but it's just as one
little guy in the store it would be
awkward if I didn't have it it'd be
awkward if I said just just send me the
buzz rich everything is just tell me the
ball my money give me the balls any
Bulls ball and see you know what usually
I love having that conversation because
like I'll explain it to them and I'll
say okay you know here's the thing I
need to make and yeah Bubba and usually
they'll think of the thing I need well
you know what you should try and then
they'll give me a bunch of snow it's
terrible because the first thing out of
my mouth was okay so I built the giant
life-size Plinko board uh-huh
and he was super excited about that
oh hey tell me he wasn't super what's a
lot of them
you wanted me an we use it to pick
movies what movies do you watch my
wife's bad movies the name some of them
revenge's and then shove Extro well
fuck I'm a Deadeye rich yeah whoo oh I
got a machine oh we got the machine gun
now mice are so much better than
controllers table gun says nothing right
there it's these fucking it's fucking
ridiculous rich how easily I'm murdering
everyone fucking great bee's knees or
what who's talking now gobbledygook says
gobbledygook
playing no man's sky stellaris is a
better space game but different genre
NMS is like Mass Effect one meets
minecraft meets Star Trek 5 another
another game in space DC universe it's
free you fucks good damn it gotta get
that in the night kid I love it don't
you I've you know what I fucking love it
oh I'll have more to say about no man's
sky in the future we're gonna where he
is I probably got 5 hours into it we're
literally gonna do a whole episode on it
just a hole or a hole Jimmy Jimmy where
am i what what am i doing and where am I
going toe down here lost in technicolor
says hey fellas I I've had I've had
Colonna scopes more adventurous than no
man's sky yeh disappointment oh oh sorry
about your disappointment but why should
it be disappointing I mean you can kind
of tell right I'm disappointing there's
been less space shooty stuff but like
the planets stuff is everything I
thought it was gonna be walk around see
some things scan some things I didn't I
didn't realize there'd be so much
tedious mining though there's a level of
studious mining was a bit of a surprise
there's a lot of mining it was quick it
was fairly clear though they weren't
making an action game oh whoa
it was fairly clear they weren't making
an action game there's also just been a
lot less emphasis on exploration yeah
which which I feel is well the
exploration is tedious because you're
fucking on foot right
oh I was fuck or if you're jumping up
and down in your spaceship you're
constantly shooting the red crystals you
don't want to explore because you know
you're getting so fucking far away from
your spaceship and that's a long fucking
trek back Dinks come here oh god I'm ten
minutes away from the ship that's a long
way back oh god damn it yeah yeah so
like I think disappointments natural I'm
not ready to call disappointment I I
know someone on Twitter asked me for a
one-word review for how far I was I know
you're not very far but will give me a
one-word review and I said here's here's
my one word review which is a a lightest
sigh I to words called it cold it I was
worried about the lack of variety mm-hmm
I was thinking in terms of environments
but more so in just general things you
can do yeah but only five hours in right
I don't really know that for sure we're
not ready to make a judgement call yet
yeah Dhanam says maybe some comedies
haven't made money but one type
definitely does since 2015 spy
trainwreck pitch perfect 2 sisters bad
mom's already done four times its budget
pitch perfect 2 made 10 times
really congratulations congratulations
pitch perfect 2
uh you know yeah and I was I was worried
about no man's sky like like when they
saw it when they showed the first III
they showed it yeah everyone was fuckin
blown away now you can get in your ship
and fly anywhere then the second time
they showed it then they like the next
III somebody doing the same exact thing
yep slightly different planet doing the
same exact shit and I thought oh no it's
gonna get repetitive isn't it so called
I called it I'm gonna write it as one
word though so I'm get away with the
calling that my one word with you
great called it called it larkings Dale
says hey guys do you remember flying
Ryan I was almost going to be Ryan in
that movie what I was doing plays with
the old lady who was like yeah oh no I
lost her
he's doing plays with the old lady who
was Ryan's crazy aunt she supplied the
actors for the movie wish it was me what
a weird world we live in man
I was I was almost flying Ryan you could
say mr. bullet but he would have been
featured on an episode happens bag I was
we did that before best the word I was
having viagra yeah oh yeah
perhaps somebody eight says the new Star
Trek will be an anthology with each
season taking place in a different
century so ambassador Picard could
happen I've I've heard it both ways I've
also heard that debunked no that's not
true so I don't I don't know I don't
know if that's gonna be with the door
anonymous says not sure if this counts
because it's crazy but if it does then
ancient aliens has to be the best worst
documentary series unfortunately though
that that and Pawn Stars have ruined the
History Channel no I wouldn't call Pawn
Stars own fucking documentary because
every fucking thing on that show is
scripted and fake it is the most
blatantly fake thing on TV
I fucking hate Pawn Stars as you should
yeah I mean all reality TV is fake that
one just blatantly so you know they take
it to a new level oh hey I came in with
this crazy unique thing I just happened
to come here when you were filming how
unusual
why don't you appraise it for me and I
won't actually sell it because I'm not
really interested in selling this well
you know it so happens that I am an
expert in this exact thing oh you don't
say
tell me more and I can tell you
extensively prices Chumlee is Pawn Stars
in a nutshell yep and and scene that was
a rich Evans and Jack package before the
scene from Pawn Stars join us again next
week when we do ghost hunters who the
ghost hunters well won't fuck what
happened there
all right Pete Chumlee something
happened with Chumlee what happened with
Chumlee they don't I don't know is he
still on the show did he lose weight
what happened
shit shit shit shit shit shit shit okay
I did I did
no that's terrible I did I did rich it's
terrible anonymous says eh s undoing day
that's actually that's what they say no
so sorry Chen says hi guys hope you'll
feel better soon jack don't forget the
Necropolis soon too
Oh surgeon yes now that I am back from
vacation was so nice and gifted me
necropolis because we bought it on your
account yeah oh and and I I was having
fun playing and Sarah Chen was nice
enough to give me so we can play
together again and fuck we're gonna
murder it sir Chen you know we are we
are just gonna murder it I also cleared
some room and friended her on Steam Jeff
says what games do you have on your
cellphone's I only have back I only have
Pokemon and I should try hearthstone
soon I hear good things about
hearthstone you know no it's a card game
but I also hear that it is very
obviously play to win yep
I have a Pokemon which I've been playing
less and less and less and less because
of their pokey tracking system I crypt
of the necrodancer is something I pick
up every once in a while that it's now
on phones
I don't play phone game as much oh yeah
but I do have wears a 2048 oh the number
sliding when you double mopping you
double mom yeah yeah and get them up to
2048 yeah and that is just the best time
waster in the world mm-hmm
like usually if I know I'm going to like
have a
quick ten minutes I already have
handheld games with me like I either
have my DS from Evita and usually if
it's phone time I'm either checking and
responding to Twitter's checking and
responding to emails or just like
reading news I just use it it you know
so it's like yeah I don't do a ton of
phone gaming here ABS Seb Rameau saber
Mao saber me oh wow I think it's Mau
that's mal right same ow an amusing
documentary overlords of the UFO
Bazaar 1976 film featured on the agony
booth they and the agony booth a decade
ago it's horribly out of print but up in
full on YouTube by multiple uploaders oh
well great trying to remember exactly
what it's called I've always I think
it's yeah I've always had a strange
fascination with this kind of yeah I
guess you'd call it a documentary
alternative three okay there was here's
here's the story as I've heard it I
don't know how accurate is there was a
British show like a science show science
and technology what's what's you know
there's this thing about computers
talking about computer science so think
it was like a like an actual science
show mm-hmm and they got cancelled so
for their last episode they said fuck it
and their last episode was this
conspiracy thing about how the US and
Russia are conspiring to build a colony
on Mars because the earth is doomed
presented Briley and as facts you can
find that on YouTube it might be a dry
watch but just the fact that it was
prevent presented as fact and there are
people to this day who believe it even
though I believe the people who made it
if come on said no now I was originally
meant as an April Fool's alright I think
that's great yeah yeah that's hilarious
that is hilarious alternative three is
what I believe it's called
thanks bish access higher fov should
result in less motion sickness
if 90 was too low turn it up 90s the
highest s-- that we can go on half-life
no you know what i've been feeling
better now also i think you know i've
just been able to you guys kind of
figure out like how to smooth my own
mouse movement because like this this is
it like this is one of the first times
I've actually just sat back and tried go
into settings oh well let me finish
these guys off
come here I'm not thinking did you play
with the sensitivity by the way yeah I
lowered the sensitivity and I think that
helped like that smooth is smooth
movement a little bit is there something
called mouth smoothing and is it on oh
is that a thing
yeah well let's even you might actually
want it off Mouse filter maybe I'm
thinking of acceleration I don't know
okay
yeah I mean you could try playing around
with these settings I I did lower the
sensitivity I think that helped and you
know part of it is just like hey stomach
fucking get used to it
I think that's window setting I think
you're right
go Coco
it is windows control panel okay and
what it says it's horrible I think I
agree so sure
yeah I'm not I'm not like I I think it's
getting better and I think that like a
lot of it is just adjusting my brain
I've been I've been a control user for
so long and I'm just used to the way I
control moves our controller moves so
I'm gonna I'm gonna get good low a bail
machine 322 says hey guys have you
checked out the game Lisa the painful
RPG you play as a martial arts
instructor who has to raise the world's
last girl in a Mad Max wasteland I think
you'll like it oh my god we have heard
of this before and I we might even own
it I don't think I have I think I
brought it up as a first four hours once
as an option for a first four hours
oh my god I got so many tips and we're
not even close okay and get on it not
even close none of us is rich Evans
you're a clown who steals things also
you guys should just turn off fov
entirely turn it off turn off the entire
field of view absolutely do that
you know what absolutely we're on it
Mugen zero 84 says visiting us DC in New
York City from Sweden and happy to catch
you live for once nobody burns fast here
but have this for now thank you for
years of fun rich your skills inspired
me to finally beat FTL by the way thank
you autumn it's you know what it's
really rewarding when you finally do
even heck even uneasy you finally beat
FTL oh you feel you feel great it feel
great
Tim salmon says Jack yes I tweeted you
some sort of homemade c-band
instructions thank you use them if it
gets bad enough hope it helps if hope it
helps if you end up using them oh
speaking of I don't know if you're
listening right now but if one of you
tweeted me they must they were I think
they were listening to an old stream and
I was talking about iced coffee and how
much I love
and they tweeted at me like an Amazon
sale that was happening on an iced
coffee maker it's just like a way to
homebrew iced coffee that's super simple
and it's normally this like 50 $60 thing
that was on sale for 20 bucks yeah and
they just tweeted hey I heard you liked
ice coffee whose cell I used it I
fucking love it so if you tweeted at me
about the ice coffee thing thank you and
I loved it
it's just like you know you make it the
night before and it sits in your
refrigerator overnight yeah yeah and it
makes like four cups of iced coffee and
it's great okay so it makes it overnight
huh it has to it basically you put all
of your grounds into a steeper and put
that into a jug of water and then just
overnight it just kind of siphons all of
the coffee and the flavor and the
caffeine out then you take the grounds
out and you just have a picture of iced
coffee ready okay okay but but you you
know the only problem and I mean it's
the issue with it making any sort of
cold brew coffee is you it has to make
it overnight and so if you don't make it
then you fucking you're shit out of luck
but I love it I love it and thank you
for bringing that up
Zen of Ben says was Jenna baden correct
fov depends on distance to the screen
imagine a window the closer you are to
it the more you see outside a low FOV is
appropriate for a TV across the room
what do you think I've never had an
issue with that
ten feet is where the TV is now yeah TVs
about ten feet away from us maybe more
minor aid yeah so
I've never had I've never had that issue
though you've never had a motion
sickness issue from the TV
I so want gun noise subtitles uh-huh
baby baby mmm mmm it has to have a comma
Bam Bam Bam come a Bam Bam Bam
make this happen make this happen in the
game what Pat Jewell says pyaari para
para para de that is us
Horatio L says hey guys would you
consider doing blaxploitation films for
best of the worst or would that be too
controversial also what are your takes
on stranger things do you agree with
Mike and chase thoughts you know what I
saw they did an episode on and I haven't
had time to watch it yet I'm excited to
see that episode on I yeah I don't
recall exactly what this I think I'd
listen to that I watched that and we'll
kind of had that episode Oda I had that
episode on in the background I was
probably doing something else
uh-huh I don't remember specifically
what their thoughts were I think they
both liked it well sure Mike didn't seem
super thrilled yeah I guess that makes
sense
I'm not it's not the best thing I've
ever seen but it is damn good
stranger things yeah oh it's pretty damn
good they're also unsure it should have
a second season I can see that I can see
that then they're gonna do it as a sepal
and both sepals are bad they can be bad
mostly they are far as blaxploitation
films another we have many honestly yeah
and I don't think like that's off I
don't think that's out of the question I
don't think you realize how casually we
pick what movies were doing what taste
we got oh yeah well you know this looks
fun yeah no it's not out of the question
and it's not um that wouldn't think that
would be inappropriate because a bad
movies a bad movie so yeah if we feel it
you know it's all like if we feel like
it and we if we have three of them
what we could do um what's the the the
first the first real movies to feature
on-screen intercourse was like one of
the first blaxploitation films yep just
because the guy directing it didn't know
that you were supposed to fake having
sex
big what was it called the Big Mama chat
what was it called big big I want to say
big Oh Johnny
your movies embarrassing wait really
yeah I know it was big big mamma jamma
no this was a real thing no one knows
this I don't there it is sweet
sweetback's badass song thank you para
Jules sweet sweetback's badass song was
like the the template for all
blaxploitation films okay
and in it there features a scene of
actual penetration intercourse because
the director didn't know you were
supposed to fake it okay okay I remember
say like I saw an article about that and
how funny that and it just it struck me
as very very funny only child says hey
guys you prefer mark Hamill's more PG
joker like in the animated series or
when he gets more r-rated like in the
Arkham games his performance is the best
part of Arkham Knight
I agree his performance is the best part
of Arkham Knight and yes I do think the
Arkham games are part the peak of Mark
Hamill's Joker he was able to go there
and and you know what III think we're
comparing apples to oranges words like
his performances are great in both and
it's like it's like his the the going
darker doesn't necessarily make it
greater they were both great portrayal
of a mad person one was g-rated and one
wasn't you know that said I'm very fond
of Mark Hamill's Joker from the
Batman Superman team-up dcau episodes
world's finest that is the method joke
the best Joker def he's in this this
giant experimental Lex Luthor plane
that's crashing huh and he's trying to
put on a parachute as the plane is going
down in flames and his own marble
grenades are rolling his way blowing up
and he knows he's gonna die and he
thinks it's the most hysterical thing in
the world that he just starts doing the
Joker laughs full-blown and it is the
most appropriate Joker death because he
thinks it's funny
sure yeah yeah that's great he realizes
he's hoisted by his own petard and it's
like the best thing ever to him I don't
know if I saw this movie oh that's great
what was it called it's world's finest
it's finite
yeah I gotta find that I love I love DC
Animated universe
it's a Superman Batman team of that
really fucking works
whoa three parter yeah but it was a
Superman animated series three parter
I've seen it sold separately as a as a
DVD called world's finest okay yeah cool
I'm down oh hey you dick
we got headcrabs we got headcrabs get
out get out of here
cosmos jester says here's some money to
get aviary attorney on Steam the game is
basically Phoenix right with birds in
1948 Paris with a black and white
newspaper aesthetics what thank you for
the months of entertainment first of all
what aviary attorney god bless you video
game makers god bless you tell me
creativity's lost in the genre Thor
man's friend says they didn't say that
that was me just having a little gas
here old God thank you so fucking much
for making me laugh
every single fucking day since I found
you on YouTube three months ago
hey welcome I was a fangirl from the
first video are you excited about the
mst3k reboot been a while since we had
an MS Mystery Science Theater 3000
discussion haven't it has asked this all
the time what we thought about Mystery
Science Theater because of course we
make fun of bad movies as well yes as
well here is the answer I am NOT excited
I have absolutely nothing against
Mystery Science Theater 3000 right I've
seen a couple episodes I think it's a
fine show the thing is I never really
watched the show because it was
redundant because if I'm going to watch
a bad movie I am going to make my own
jokes
with Jack and Jo Mike yep we're gonna
get together and we're gonna you know
it's its Mystery Science Theater
3000 was kind of redundant in my life
mm-hmm but I have nothing against Pancho
and like I remember the same thing I
said I remember seeing it when I was
younger
uh-huh and all I was like I'm sure the
jokes are fine but all I was was upset
at them talking over the bad movie I was
like I just want to watch this bad movie
so it's like again yeah nothing against
it but like I didn't watch it when I was
younger and I wouldn't watch it now
because I wouldn't want to like
inadvertently steal one of their jokes
by the time that was on the air I just I
was already friends at Mike's um no one
remembers Josh Josh isn't around enough
it'sit's on Josh one not being mentioned
it's just not around enough for this
shit he needs to make himself less of a
sometime street yeah it's true
he is invited everyone uh all are
invited
nobody has ever been like forbidden from
showing up at a screening and if I don't
mention but honestly it's because I
don't know Josh as well as everyone else
mm-hmm
I was a late comer up to Wisconsin yeah
so to a large extent Josh to me it's
like friend-of-a-friend territory sure
sure
even so for me I guess I mean you know
I'm I've known him for a while I'm like
we've hung out cuz uh like I've actually
have I known no looks like I've known I
think I've known Josh longer than Jay
and Mike but I've just hung out with him
less look up you know we were are our
bands back when I was in a band played
the same places in a lot of the same
shows josh is the wizard Jett
other beard other people their beard
none of us is rich I give you five
hundred million dollars
will you make out with me five hundred
million dollar five hundred million
dollars another question have Jack and
rich ever experimented sexually with
each other no I'm just gonna say the
answer is all around no no you could
probably get me to budge on the make out
thing sure send me a picture we'll see
we'll talk oh wow send me send me a
picture send me a picture gobbledygook
says me again if you really want to do
well in no man's sky make money in the
starbases trading limited lynnium i make
millions of units an hour really ever
mine and the exploring is stress-free
hmm okay it's nice to know the game
becomes playable once you take out a
large chunk of it just saying
sir card says hijack I am my man Jack
here is two dollars for actually taking
time to comment on my do it up video Oh
made my day
Oh No thank you for making that I loved
it so uh someone took the dumit up song
although if that is you you should
really credit the person who made the
song song okay they credited me you know
for the lyrics but they forgot to credit
the person who made the song that's
important that's important important but
no they they put the dumit up song to to
footage of doom and I thought it was
really fun I think I think the dumit up
song is better than miracle of sounds
dumb song really that's high praise
yeah that is high praise rich miracle of
sound is a gentleman who does game theme
music videos mmm
he writes and make songs for various
franchises
even doom it up is better than his doom
it is it just is I'm not as disagreed as
he was doing it up is very much in the
spirit of doing hardcore simplistic huh
blunt and violent nice alright it's very
much in the spirit of doom yeah I'll
agree with you just because I love doing
it up - I love doing it up - just a riff
oh yeah miracle sound has done a lot of
good things I'm just specifically saying
that do it on is better than his doom
song which was hell to pay I forgot
exactly what it was called
they have heard a couple of mirrors it's
not stuff it's not hardcore enough his
doom song oh sure it's too song it's
still singing like a blunt dual hood up
that's the duma song so it'll make the
fucking poster bit up hey hey just in
one of them riffs wanna damage from the
special specials i like hell to pay it's
fine but do it up is better work that's
all I'm saying
no rich that's not all you're saying
you're saying obviously all of miracle
of sound songs are terrible I'm really
find a miracle song did the The Ballad
of clay carmine okay I'm from Gears of
War mm-hmm and that's really good I
can't do it justice if I try to sing it
because I can't sing yeah this other
sounds and the song besides singing just
go look up this ballot of clay carmine
Mirko selling the ballot of clay carmine
it's great it's great I'm just terrible
I love it already no I love it alright
get out of here
anonymous says in no man's sky you can
traverse the area and when you get to a
trading post docking port call for your
ship and it'll come to you
mining is great for selling materials to
weapons / ship upgrades yeah but I don't
always find a trading post or something
maybe I'm just in the middle of nowhere
I just want to go back and I really
think a lot of this just has to do with
we don't have a lot of hours in yet and
and we just have not figured out like
the most efficient route so this is why
I've been reluctant to comment probably
got five hours at this point oh yeah
yeah so just that's why you got to give
us a little more time we're not playing
it today because we didn't obviously
want to like have the stream influence
our feelings on it because we are gonna
do it for an episode plus you're trying
this magic here where you get used to a
mouse and I mean I and I like I've
always I have always always said that I
know that a mouse is more accurate
because it is but man oh man do I feel
way stronger here's my here's my no
man's sky dilemma okay I obviously
you're on foot I like using you know the
mouse and keyboard yeah I being aim
things with my mouse when I walk but
when I fly the ship
I like the situation where I'm like
swishing to the Mollison back
oh my god sure that is that is a real
dilemma anonymous says hi guys hello I
was showing best of the worst to a
co-worker and I said so that's Mike and
Jay and that's Jack and rich Evans he
said wait are the last two brothers Jack
and sevens five seconds later or are
they married
Oh it's cuz we get along so well I guess
that speaks highly of us well you are
married just not to me
right not ever not ever tired sad says
rich who do you think is a worse
talk-show host Jay Leno or Jimmy Fallon
I've never even bothered to fucking
watch Jimmy Fallon but in general I find
him to be very obnoxious so I doubt I
would like his Tonight Show but I've
never even fucking tried it it's not
watched TV watched in the first place
let alone watch some obnoxious prick who
I hate to see if he shows slightly
better than the Jay Leno version of the
show like he's got he's got some Jimmy
Fallon has got some fine bits yep I
wouldn't know he like he has some fine
things he has this is this one segment
that he does every once in a while
called called thank-you letters which is
basically just a way to set up jokes you
know like thank you watermelons for
giving Gallagher a career you know it's
just a way to tell jokes and that's fine
but god I hate most of his dicks if if I
were going to watch talk show I don't
think there's any way I wouldn't rather
watch like colbert or blink in his
fucking name than that from the man show
yeah Oh Kimmel Kimmel Jimmy Kimmel I
would probably watch Jimmy Kimmel Live
would be my late-night talk show of
hosts
if I watched late-night talk shows yeah
yeah it was good I've come a long way
from Johnny Carson and can't we just go
back can we can we dig Johnny Carson up
I'll take Johnny Carson's bones over
Jimmy Fallon
that's harsh whoa oh fuck that would
certainly be fucking entertaining for at
least one episode fuck
Richard oh fuck he went upside-down and
now my brains fuck oh wait wait wait am
I going
Coenen yacón is fine Conan's great
Jonah's got good bits he knows how to
interview people run you fuckers over
yeah fuck you how about John Stewart
when he was on The Daily Show well he
was great but he's not on The Daily Show
anymore right
John Oliver is fun yeah he's got good
things I don't know if that is
considered a talk no because he does not
interview people I don't know if I'd
really consider the Daily Show a talk
show yeah they did one one guest yeah
that counts whatever whatever
it's kind of its own beast the show it
was it was it was
mr. stem stirrer says hey chaps did you
hear about hello games plans for adding
the ability to build bases and own giant
space freighters in no man's sky why
such a large feature not why wasn't such
a large feature not shipped with the
game rushed much yeah yeah I mean I I
really need to play a bore before I can
comment and hate or love type things
yeah my one one thing I did say to Jack
we need more civilization oh my god yeah
where's the space city where's the
where's the the Galactic Council
Federation asking you to ally with them
against the rebel fortress forces yeah
yeah there's there we're missing a lot
of point where like I just don't get the
point in a lot of it what I'm saying is
I want space politics yeah its ambitious
yet at the same time it's not very
ambitious mm-hmm
I wish I had played morally dangerous at
this point because I'm sure there's a
lot of comparing contrasting I can do oh
sure what little I have played of lead
dangerous
made me very happy from the semi
perspective and I am that's fair no
man's land from a space sim perspective
it's very that's where I'm looking for
shell Oh a nut shell oh wow that's not a
sin though like yeah rkt or similar I
think shallow might be the most accurate
so far but the trade-off is land that
explore the planets right
rich I bet you never thought you would
say that about space politics I love
Star Trek Star Trek is all space
politics look just because George Lucas
is an idiot doesn't mean space politics
has to be boring when you have no
fucking idea what you're doing yeah it's
it's boring but if you're a competent
author you can do some interesting space
politics shit oh yeah
my favorite TNG episodes were the
Romulan episodes yep you're basically
diplomatic duals spies and all that
interesting shit space politics can be
great oh sure
damn it damn it damn it damn it damn it
damn damn damn cyber bathroom it says
hey Jackie reg hello huge prereq and
Earl and Finn thanks for all the fans
has to comment content I'm in
pre-production on my first feature any
advice from your experiences making
movies buckle up
there's not much positive I can say here
people people say I hate everything and
that I'm cynical that's true but I think
when somebody is making their first
feature yeah there are just some harsh
truths you have to deal with go ahead
it's gonna suck it's gonna suck it's
very likely it's alright it's not
guaranteed to suck but it's very likely
to start very likely to suck and you're
very likely to learn a lot of things but
your first feature is very likely to
suck so so here's if it's your first
feature that I'll assume you're
directing it a couple things you need to
know one you have to know what you are
shooting every single day it will make
your days so much smoother you know like
I think a lot of people just like come
on
you know like come into it and say well
you know we'll figure it out when we get
there well well huh you know like well
well improv it or we'll do some stuff
know exactly what you're shooting and
have a schedule you can still improv but
come in with a plan first
abso-fucking-lutely and then once you
have the plan down you can play around
within that and then do a little bit
improving here and there okay this be a
really great idea but you might not have
the great idea onset right come in with
a plan come in with a plan is so fucking
important it's gonna feel like a grind
coming up with the ideas are very fun
mm-hmm but when you're putting together
a feature-length film I mean there's a
lot of work and it's gonna feel like
it's taking forever yeah yeah every day
you're gonna realize oh we only got two
minutes worth of footage from our movie
or one minute worth of footage or we
spent the whole day and we really we'd
always really did was we we got this one
shot down right yeah it's gonna be a
grind you know what that's some of it
that is some of it
some of it are those really harsh
lessons of oh shit I thought this was
going to take five days and it's taking
two months so-and-so didn't show up
today this actor yep and we're fucked
for the day like that happens
rich doesn't read your comment unless
you cough up some dough well fuck you I
just read yours we try to read the chat
as much as we can we get a lot of tips
I'm sorry I'm sorry
read the tips when I'm not reading tips
I read from the chat but I have a lot of
tips so I'm sorry Cade Cartwright says
rich and Jack yes I recently posted a
theme for movie dicks and I'm curious
what your thoughts might be basically it
would be a night of watching movies that
any old dick played in or produced oh I
have no say in movie dicks it's not it's
not my thing it's it's our fans utilize
our chat yep to watch movies we have
nothing to do with movie - yes no input
no input might might be interesting to
see you know like the the student films
that people made but yep that is not our
movie dicks
yeah like we've said they use they use
our chat and that is the extent of our
involvement nonnamous says since we're
talking about documentaries I want to
recommend my favorite
it's called resurrect dead the mystery
of the toy in beats Hiles in it the
filmmakers try to solve a real-life
mystery it's a fine documentary but
really what's more interesting is the
thing the documentary is about mm-hmm
yeah are you familiar with the 20p tales
hmm hmm look into it I don't know if I
can do it justice all right
I have run across one in real life a toy
boot I'll toy and beat I'll wait wait
say that's slower toy and be tiles toy
and be tiles forget I forget exactly
what they say they all have they all
start with this message and then
sometime there's a rent after them it's
a very weird form of graffiti toy in
bead title tiles okay TOI
yen
B or something like that resurrect dead
on planet Jupiter Toynbee tiles
resurrect dead on planet Jupiter is the
message that most all of them start off
with okay and then sometimes they end
there and sometimes our rent and this is
Street graffiti but it's not painted on
wall it is like vinyl tile somebody
actually cut out and made embedded in
the concrete either on the street or on
the sidewalk what nobody knows who the
fuck makes these things all right nobody
has well the doc no matter who tries and
figure it out they think they have a
they have it pegged I'm not a convinced
they they have it but they appear all
over - I forget what city they started
and they've been found like Chicago New
York cities all around America these
things have appeared just I'm the
fucking street and then some in like
South America Africa's had a couple and
nobody knows who the fuck is doing this
I am so interested in this yeah watch
the documentary was it coming
resurrect dead the mystery of the
Toynbee tiles
toi nbe great toy and be idea resurrect
dead and planet Jupiter that's the
actual message ok Italian be idea I
believe I could be wrong mostly in
Philly mostly in Philly I just I've seen
one in Chicago with my own eyes I had no
idea what the fuck it was at the time
like what the fuck said
you will never remember that I'll put up
a new fucking tab just open up a new tab
but I put him right on joy and me you
got a note thing it's some interesting
shit Sisson says rich in the segment rlm
made for the People vs George Lucas
where you played Darth Vader in the
scene where he goes no it really sounds
like you're shouting yah was that
intentional no I was definitely going
for no maybe that's another rich Evans
flub I don't know you don't know no we
didn't make that before the People vs
George Lucas that was from documentary
Mike made called the United States of No
and the the People vs George Lucas guys
that wanted to use the clip because they
couldn't use a clip from the real movie
yeah yeah
yonder yonder says considering how rape
and play there is how much just as how
I'm assuming they they will intend to
put him much in there considering how
rape and played there is on bTW I'm sure
they're fine with blaxploitation look
the right here's the thing with rape a
best of the worst a lot of fuckin B
movies have fucking rape in them it's
not something we seek out it's just all
over with bad movies because it again
remember we do not watch the movies
before yes
TNG after-dark says hello jack and rich
rich know if you were approached to play
the penguin in the DCCC you DCCC you
what I'm dumb would you accept Jack if
you're approached to play the Riddler
would you like I'd be terrible but the
movies are already terrible and
presumably they would be paying the
money you know and no one else is gonna
give me that kind of money
mm-hmm so yeah I do it the Riddler
yeah oh fuck you fuck you I'll do
anything you would be a fine Riddler
I'll do anything for money I think I
think I could get I think I could buy I
could play a pretty good Riddler young
bubby says Jack yep if you are feeling
motion sick ma'am you can always try
learning to do keyboard and mouse on
vampire the masquerade son of a bitch
facing will be less likely to make you
ill why are people all up over that
lately what's the deal I think it's one
of those uh
so good it's bad games I'm not convinced
of that I don't know I don't know I
think you know it's like I said it's
just one of those things where it like I
want to do this because I do want a
little bit of like a little bit of
challenge I need to lay down again you
do that you do that like I want to earn
my keep
you could try a different game maybe it
won't make you sick doesn't have doesn't
have to be slower anonymous says have
you seen Outland where Sean Connery
plays a space cop where he is security
guard on a space pine the movie is like
alien without the alien I have not seen
Jack have you seen Outland no no Jack
has not seen it either Jack I seen
Outlander
is that anything like Highlander I'm
completely unfamiliar I understand Pula
man's friend says hey fellows do me a
favor and say happy weekend Patrick my
fiancee is in the other room and it will
freak him out
happy weekend Patrick Patrick probably
already love for his happy weekend good
time I actually got a roundabout sad mad
jack says my wife lamented that we
should have offered to buy you and your
fiance a drink at the fair and I agree
here's a tip so you two can get a drink
next time you're out together enjoy and
thanks for the laughs
thank you very much sad man Jack lost in
Technicolor says after finally playing
through inside I couldn't stick I
couldn't stop thinking that Jay would
love watching a playthrough of it have
you guys showed him any more of the game
or recommend that he watched a
playthrough
Oh No maybe he'll see it sooner or later
maybe maybe these rom for a stream and
I'm thinking of it will show them I
don't know even that won't matter to you
gotta get in Jack's getting in on this
getting in on it san mad jack was the
earlier one I think up or not I think I
said sad man Jack and that's completely
wrong it's san mad jack okay but this is
this is lost in Technicolor
and this is about Jay watching a play
through the part of what makes that
ridiculous ending so ridiculous is the
first 3/4 of the game yeah you know like
I don't think you could just like show
him like diving into the tank and being
sucked up by the arm monster cuz they go
oh yeah that's weird
yeah but like the fact that nothing like
that exists beforehand and then we just
get spooked here and spookier and
weirder and weirder as we could there's
an escalation it's that's true it's one
of those things that non game people
will never understand like the journey
to get to the weird armed monster Oh arm
and leg monster is what makes it special
like and like I said we could just show
him that like just that monster and he
would probably enjoy it but the
experience if he was with us that night
the experience of going through all I'm
gonna I'm gonna agree with you on that
yeah it wouldn't be the same even though
he might get enjoyment out of it it's so
weird yeah it would not be the same
young Bobby says rich never reads my
tips about vampire the masquerade
bloodlines there's no sense of
conspiracy I have read every damn one
every goddamn one the blue blaze says hi
guys have you watched shock treatment
the spiritual successor to Rocky Horror
Picture Show also the ghoul net and
elite dangerous features the space
politics you mentioned in a cool way I
know I need I really need to play a lead
dangerous we're in the the the we have
the enviable problem of having too many
games we need to play yes yes yes right
now I'm kind of obligated to play no
man's sky you are you are you have to
play no man's sky before you play
anything else
yonder yonder says I think we're caught
up yes this is fascinating
vampire the masquerade bloodlines is a
very rough but fucking great RPG and
paradox is bringing it back now that
they know they bought wife Wolf's assets
I'm tweeting you assholes evidence well
we we all know about my world-renowned
love of RPGs think about so obviously
that's something I'd want to get right
on rich cuz my god I love RPGs and
obnoxiously angsty vampires it looks
like you got a lot of screen tearing
going on probably do want vsync yeah
yeah
what blood-borne isn't angsty gothy
vampires blood-borne is some freaky
fucked up shit blood-borne is is horror
it's werewolves and and blood there's no
day ain't no vampires there might be
gothic elements I don't think you can
really call it angsty though it's not
pouty
there's nothing pouty about blood-borne
it's just this is fuckin crazy
isn't this awesome look at this fucking
monster
Oh whoop
bloodborne had vampires there was a
covenant dedicated to them yes because
that's exactly the same thing as a game
centering around and rice ESCA vampires
it's identical there's no difference
yeah these one people who sucks blood
they're vampires so it's totally the
same bye bye it's very specifically your
Anne Rice II kind of vampires that I
hate which I'm pretty sure is what
masquerade is based on I've been wrong
before but I mean like I love dear dark
which is a vampire movie
I love Fright Night also a vampire movie
and I love The Lost Boys also a vampire
movie none of them are really gothic and
angsty experiences right I'm with you
I'm with you then you're darker I guess
it's angsty but not gothic not pouty
pouty pouty pouty vampires a mortal
beautiful no one stands me no one
understands I'm so unique that is like
my hair is black I've had to live this
life for so long life doesn't have any
meaning what will vampires are nothing
like Anne Rice vampires Wow rich Wow Wow
rich feast on my anger
Wow rich you just don't you you've you
know rich you've really showed your
ignorance here really you've really
you've showed me a side of you that I
don't I don't like and you know wow just
wow you know dick
new dark vampires aren't out of their
minds near dark vampires they're just
getting by they're just doing what they
need to do to survive your bark is great
until the ending when it becomes schlock
now but up until that ending your dark
is great can't do it
I came through it anywhere I had a I had
a friend in high school who was it was
into vampire the masquerade for a bed
yeah it just sounded like the most
obnoxious thing when she described it
debate like this sounds awful
nope nope done oh oh I've done you're
done
oh man take this yeah Oh guys I can't
even look at the TV anymore what do you
have what are you using for escape SE
Cupp I got an escape button program to
my mouse so for pause mine
I mean just take menu I need a menu huh
we're gonna find some Mouse okay oh no
oh I might barf I might barf okay we're
gonna find another one well we got one
we got quick get the Ghostbusters oh
fuck it Jack I'm good do it you can't
stop me you can't stop it I can't stop
you can't stop me apparently I can't
stop em hold on let me change the name
I can't stop rich for what he's about to
do hold on I gotta update get update
which is about to do something I don't
necessarily agree with it but hey you
know I got the first couple hours of the
stream you probably got another good
hour in us yep
long as as long as I can not barf I'm
gonna get some water
I thought you were doing that Oh
well get out I think I got a check
