Mar 9, 2016
Pokemon Yellow
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/63099942
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/63101183
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/63101971
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9LB2kd_ha4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3npYSC1woJc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHq_dGG4aIA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/707671338270400512
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/707717874094190592

[Part I]
screaming that's fantastic hello
everybody hello everybody
oh my god I started at the perfect time
to catch this sweet sweet ass opening
intro for pokemon yellow the the
pokemons begins this was the first as
soon as I got the 3d as the first thing
I bought was pokemon yellow so because
uh you know I'm gonna dull and I can buy
pokemon if I wanted my Pokemon you can
like Pokemon if you want there's nothing
nothing wrong with it good IQ because I
do you you can like pokemons
you can drink Zima you do you can do
whatever you want I'm not gonna drink
Zima but I am gonna like Pokemon game
audio is gonna be a little low it's
there but it's gonna be you can track
down like an old unopened box I guess
it's box of ecto cooler sure oh you can
you can drink it it would probably be a
terrible idea
but this is the thing you can do oh
Jesus Christ could you imagine drinking
like a 20 year old kool-aid thing of
ecto cooler on youtube is this thing
called surreal time for Haiti real time
talks about old serials and he'll buy
like a box of cereal they haven't made
30 years and he'll he'll eat some of it
and he'll gag every time he keeps doing
it well I mean good good for him yeah
you know we all we all have to have a
hobby rich all of us every single one of
us have to have a hobby that's right we
are return of the plinking masters no
face cams just because um
this is Jack plane I think it's very
important to note so this is not the the
mega punch to win that's right this is
not the mega punch game cuz this is me
playing on my version of pokemon yellow
you'll see I don't even have any badges
yet I've only caught a couple Pokemon so
I'm not very far into the game ie and I
what I want to do is what's been
something that's been circulating around
the internet recently is how to do a
glitch in the game to get a rare Pokemon
really early on and I'm gonna try to do
that I am playing pokemon yellow which
means I get this adorable Pikachu coming
around with me look at this guy this guy
he's adorable I got this Pikachu that
just follows me around everywhere and
it's great rich doesn't care and I don't
care that he doesn't care because I love
it shockingly less colorful
well this this is the but when we're
replaying rich do you remember when we
were playing no we were playing the
Gameboy advanced version I want to say
we were playing firered which was a
remake of one of them yeah firered was
the remake of Pokemon Red and I am
playing pokemon yellow this was a this
is a gameboy color game and so like look
what happened you can even when you go
into different towns the color palette
actually changes but it's all like old
awful ugly black and white and it's
great okay what was I doing
pokemons
okay here's what here's the Pokemon yeah
so I have my Pikachu who's level seven I
got a manky I got a girl and a guy meter
and which I'm pretty happy with the knee
Turin's if you look here the the female
and the male neither ends have slightly
different stats and I want to say one of
them is better but I forgot which and I
meant to look it up earlier today like
here's the here's the male Nidoran and
he's got like a cool horn in big ears
and then the female one she's got like a
little horn
and big years but I think she's
poisonous so I want her I don't know but
this is all the same thing
mm-hmm no same icon no no well in in
this menu they all have they all have an
icon to like like these are all kind of
like dragony types and then he's a
normal type that's a Pikachu they all
have the same
yeah they look okay so they have to go
then you have to go in to the menu no
cuz right this is you know how old is
this game now 18 years is an 18 year old
handheld game so look at that man ki man
he's a great one he's a fighting type
man I should love love my man key it's a
shame I'm at home without a face come
face canvas I'm sure I've just got this
wonderfully lost expression on my face I
you know it's it's a lot it's a lot like
the stuff that I kept cutting to during
the fire watch review where it's just
Rich's face of non-caring I'm beside
again I really like the story elements I
like the characters and Firewatch I did
I know you did that's why in a dialogue
I made sure to keep that in so you
weren't just you know harping on at all
time because I know that you liked the
story and the characters scratch any
Dorian but uh you know it's and it's
okay that we have a difference of
opinions I think a lot of people like
that I thought I think what's really
funny is in the comment section of the
video it is almost exactly 50/50 split
over who agrees with who every other
comment is is either Oh John keel yes
Janki oh I have the twat Ron but thank
you for reminding me because I often
forget every other comment is oh man I
can't believe I agree with Jack and or
rich of course rich is right yeah
everything yeah rich is right not
everything
so I love it we have apparently hit on a
controversial video game and people
either love it or hate it as is the
world and as is the way with the
internet rich well we you know I just
told you I'll say it again for the sake
of the chapter i just just learned
something that neither of us knew before
that probably explains why it's yeah why
is polarized rich you you came across a
shocking revelation it rocked my very
foundation anita sarkisian is thanked in
the credits which i the fucking idea
right i doubt you did oh god I mean she
didn't make the game she's thanked in
the credits but there's a there's a name
that's gonna draw some some hate and/or
love and I did think it was really funny
some people because I really liked fire
watch some people were accusing me in
the comments of the YouTube video of
being a social justice warrior I think
they called me a typical social justice
warrior for liking the game
the theme is white people are horrible
and you have to be a girl or different
I'm sorry secret Jack Rabbit is that the
game cuz I kind of love that so yeah but
III haven't seen a lot of those comments
and then you just told me five minutes
ago that she was because she was thanked
in the credits oh yeah
well-written female characters equals
social justice warriors writers exactly
mr. blank
they were good characters I like both of
my figured out who the guy was by the
way rich I don't know if you saw his
face in the edit no okay
yeah the guy who voices Henry in part
one yeah
did you ever watch Mad Men no okay he
plays a he has a role on Mad Men okay a
little bit like the guy who voices Mark
Lilly in Ugly Americans to me and he was
checked his IMDB and he did not but he's
he's an actor and he's good at madmen
and he's really good in fire watch
so is that lady then that lady is just
like a video game voice actress you know
she does that vent character of Henry
reminds me of somebody
yeah I don't know if he's just what's
his name I can't think of his name come
back comedic actor guest voices The
Simpsons a lot Finding Nemo he was the
dad I'm not Mel Brooks Albert Brooks
Albert Brooks
Minnie just personality wise he's
reminding me of Albert drips yeah yeah
he is a little Albert Brooks here kind
of like a funny schlubby dude like
sarcastic schlubby every minute yeah
absolutely
shame on me for not remembering Albert
Brooks name yes absolutely shame what's
fine actor comedian album is a fine fine
actor comedian also a bad Korean gamer
sent us a tip really quick guy says
hijack now that you have a 3ds would you
friend me maybe we'll trade pokemons in
case you say yes here's my friend code
yes bad cream gamer bad gamer Korean and
don't forget Celebi and oh I know
everyone's telling me that I need to get
the new Pokemon game and I can get a
special pokemons and I will I will
don't worry but yes bad gamer Korean I
have your friend code now I will friend
you later not on stream we don't want
everyone to have your friend code the
champ is currently bringing up something
hmm I was gonna bring up myself laters I
thought about it after the fact yeah the
Stanley parable the Stanley parable we
played this family parable
it's something I like hmm and it is
arguably every bit the game playlist
walking simulator that after watch is mm
though I'm gonna say the Stanley parable
actually actually does have an
exploration well and the game of the
Stanley parable is try to get him to say
a different thing is try to get the
narrator to say a different thing
they don't try to find the different
story branches exactly I'm actively
engaged in looking for the divergent
story I think in Firewatch it's always
something like now you have to go do
that fire thing that's offered by the
river yeah you're not searching for that
and it's not like anything could happen
with any different thing you do is only
this that there's the next thing you
have to do to progress the story and
it's over there and good do it Stanley
parable you never know what the fuck's
gonna happen ray it's about anything you
do oh yeah I think that might be the
difference well I like the one or not
the other I don't know no I I also
really enjoyed the Stanley parable you
know we when when it was first out I
know people were talking about us
streaming it and there was just there
was no way you could stream it without
spoiling everything about the game and
it's fun Stanley parable was a fun game
I enjoyed the but it's it's more of a
comedy you know I just know that in in
Firewatch when she told me I needed to
walk to the other end of the forest
I mean I think that's crazy talk I think
III any to any time I was just like
sitting around in my tower listening to
her which was like it was fine because
they're good of voice actors and I was
enjoying the story it was like come on
we can have this conversation a while
I'm walking through the beautiful woods
you know let me let me use a map and a
compass and walk through the beautiful
woods
Chett much fearful slash braces rich can
you give a little more nuance to your
views on pacing and why you think that
tight pacing is the only way to story
tell in movies do you not like any slow
paced films because I think in the case
of Firewatch it's it's less like a slow
paced film and more like imagine a scene
in Pulp Fiction where Vincent Vega gets
in his car and then he spends 25 minutes
driving over to Samuel Jackson's place
but he honks his horn and he waits a few
minutes for Samuel Jackson to walk down
the stairs and get in the car and then
they both drive over another 30 minutes
to the place where they have to shoot
the people to get the drunks it's more
like that then slow paced it's just shit
that doesn't need to be there at all and
it's walk to the other end of the map
but you you need that to inform the
character and you know obviously we're
repeating ourselves a lot from the
review but you know if if you have that
in Pulp Fiction
and one here why it doesn't work in Pulp
Fiction is because a movie is a passive
experience you know you are you are just
taking in the movie you're just watching
the movie and a video game is in an
interactive experience and so you by
controlling the character you're
internalizing all the things that you're
experiencing and so you're experiencing
the loneliness and that's why it would
that's why it does work in a video game
and won't work in a movie you have to
stop comparing movies to video games I
don't get that feeling in a video gamer
though unless I feel like I've got more
more say more sway over the world more
immersion for me I can't be told you
have to go to X and dou X in order to
continue the thing it needs to feel
natural I and you know I guess just for
me it felt natural you know
come on manky I got a level up my manky
I got a weak-ass manki rich I'm getting
my ass handed to me my motherfucking
piggies you know like this embarrassing
that's embarrassing for me I find thief
immersive because they don't tell me how
I have to break into the house maybe
I'll crawl in through the window maybe
I'll pick lock on the door maybe I'll
find a an entrance via the sewer that
leads up through a thing in the bottom
of the the castle sure there's an open
endedness to that that makes me feel
like I'm part of a world that's existent
and not doing the next thing I have to
do sure but I you know those are just
different games
Touche captain mu would like to tip us
and say hi rich and Jack longtime lurker
first time seeing the live stream I
always laugh and feel connected to my
hometown of Milwaukee from across the
world PS need anything okay you've got
away from this wonderful city with
beautiful weather PS need any games
slash random shit from Korea rich what
do you need anything any random thing
from Korea if you want to send us
something we'll see what we can do okay
I hear they have many funny shirts in
Korea with English language on it one of
my friends is in Korea right now
teaching English oh yeah no and I know
Chan I shouldn't be messing around I'm
I'm uh I'm unnecessarily battling
because that's my way there we go
finally level up my man key
jiae's about that so now I'm gonna be
playing very boring because this is uh
this is my save my new save of pokemon
yellow so we're just gonna chant mostly
probably about fire watts in that and
the XCOM interview two videos two videos
in one week
and we have the next one shot already
and I'm editing it right now we are by
oh and by the way you know what I
discovered today you know what I found
out what it's not Fleck you know how I
said the voice acting was on Fleck I've
never this is like alien this is an
alien word to my ears by the way well
and you know I've seen it like I I've
read it like on Twitter before you know
I've seen it like in funny post where
it's like ah you know the kids are
saying oh man that thing was on Fleck
right and I thought that was a new thing
before honestly well because it's not
Fleck it's actually fleek never either
way I've been I've been pronouncing it
wrong in my head all this time because
it is FLE ek so it's fleek and that
sounds worse I hate that I hate that
fleek sounds like you have a sinus
infection that I can't that can't go out
today got fleek I got I got the fleek
rich I can't do it but so I you know I
am an old man and I will never be hip
again is the moral of the story
I want you know that I'm gonna sleep
before we move off of fire watch listen
you don't want to talk about it I would
I want to talk about nothing but fire
watch okay but actually before you do
that fisted by dope-smoking as a tip
fist if I'm dope smoke says fuck yeah
man key man he's the fucking bomb
once he gets wrong he's gonna fuck some
shit up PS lol fuck my cock okay no
let's just talk about fire watch I as as
mentioned in the in the review I've
really really enjoyed myself with fire
watch so rich what do you got
there's a a section wait till we talked
about it during the discussion but I got
caught
I you know what I had to do riff ahead
and trim the fat I want to bring it up
now because they didn't get up it's not
it's not a major point there's a section
in the middle of the game middle ish
where you know the day the game goes
through days day 71 and day 78 yeah
there's like there's some quick cuts
where you go through days rapidly like
minute or two at times date day 46 then
you have like a quick conversation with
July until I love the line right and
then it ends then you go to day 2 and
fix an offense then you know it's just
rapidly and the story flowed but you
literally weren't doing anything game
once and it was the most enjoyable
section of the game it was enjoyable
when they cut out walk over here and you
know like I but it was just story and it
just flowed right I enjoyed it 10 game I
enjoyed that part but yeah the the woods
is what made it for me the woods is
important
what you know and as I as I mentioned
like the the the isolation the
desolation that's what's necessary in
the game that's what makes it that's
what makes you feel for the character he
decided to run away you ran away and you
know what he's doing you know what he's
doing rich as a character he's just
trying to find his way just like you're
doing in the game trying to find your
way it's art oh I think I think that's
finding your way I do think we pull that
out of your ass really I'm fine with you
liking the story game but that the game
is big loss that does not gel with me it
makes sense if you think about it I'm
you know I'm I am 100% pulling it out of
my ass yeah but it makes sense if you
think about it but I you know I just
really like did you did you think I know
like I it was a it was a much easier at
it usually for a game we talked for
about an hour and four Firewatch we only
talked for like 28 minutes yeah and so
it was a much easier edit in that regard
but trying to remain neutral in my edit
because of course I just wanted to
remove everything you said because I
disagreed with you but do you feel like
are you comfortable with the edit do you
feel like I kept in enough of your side
I was really worried about that I do
like what I I do kind of miss when I
talked about sands of time just because
I think that's an example of how you can
do story right in a game that still has
gameplay right no and it's not
impossible it's not like you have to
have a walking simulator tell the story
not at all
sands of time does a great fucking job
and yeah that was only cut because you
kind of wrapped it you kind of wrapped
up that whole point without the story
you know we didn't need the story yep
the same this specific sands of time
story and then of course like if you're
talking about sands of time then I have
to go find footage of sands of time and
put it right so I like that you you told
the the pulp fiction anecdote during our
discussion I removed that too so what's
with anything and you know editing
wouldn't fix this if there's anything
I'm worried about with that review
instead am I too much of an asshole to
you I mean I thought it was funny when I
leave for the record that is done for
comedy yes I need to raise up I need to
raise up my weak-ass Pokemon hate chat
well whose bet is it is the male knitter
on or the female knitter and better
which one should I concentrate on
leveling up I always forget which is the
better one I want to say it's the female
trigger warning the van the female is
bit
now well and that's the thing cherry
tonic in fire rocks there's there's
almost no physical interaction literally
the only physical interaction you have
with someone is at the end with that
with the helicopter pilot you know
that's it that's the only person you
actually are in the same room with so
female is better male nito 4-h oh that's
right thank you Bill Tetley male Nidoran
can be my HM slave that's a good idea
in in Pokemon rich yep
you have these things called hidden
machines a gems and you need them to
progress in the game like one is a move
called cut and it cuts down trees that
block your path and you need to use it
every so often in the game oh my god but
it's a very weak move in battle but you
need it outside of battle right and so
the general strategy is to create a HM
slave a Pokemon that you don't fight you
don't really level up you just give them
all of the HMS and concentrate on your
other five and that is the male leader
on something important I need to bring
up something important there is a new
mod and I'm seeing her in the chat now
means I should bring this up ring shard
in the chat is Karen that's my fiance hi
Karen
made her mod so her name would stand out
1 say hello to Karen hi Karen Karen and
by the way now Karen has power Karen has
power over all zoom she could ban
everyone that's given her free rein
she's mildly annoyed man
oh that's alright bodyslams a good one
cracker man maybe Anna yeah you know
what I don't I don't need to I need to
fight with the male just keep him around
for now I don't know if she's saying
hello or if she wants to to hijack a
plane Hey so that's not a good joke no
you you hear that joke a lot growing up
as a jack okay I guess can't say hello
to you at an airport her hair done
it's like Richie Rich Richie Rich yeah
yeah yeah hey dick
hey dick oh I missed a tip I'm so sorry
anonymous anonymous says Jack you should
play Lisa the painful RPG it's sort of
artsy fartsy but good it will probably
make you feel a lot of things while also
being a real game rich wouldn't like it
though JRPG combat oh that's good to
know yes okay I you know what I want to
say someone gifted that to me a while
ago that's familiar and we might have
looked into that for like a first four
hours over something not sure also as a
side note the the absolute best thing
about the DS with the capture card and I
know I talked about this before but I'm
just going through it now actually
playing the game so youyou have to
download the special program that
visualizes the game on your computer
monitor you plug it into a USB port and
it plays both screens on your computer
monitor in real time there's absolutely
no lag from the DS to your computer
monitor and so as I've been doing this
entire stream I've been like just
watching it
the nice big screen which is very very
we could assume that not everybody
watching this Washington's every streams
did you want you want till the story of
your magic Dias oh sure you know I I
really enjoy handheld games and I came
across this article about a company that
makes that like solder zon a video out
to three to the new 3ds and and you know
I was talking with her about it and I
said hey this could be something great
for the show we could stream handheld
games you know not a lot of people
stream handheld games or we could review
it about games hello hello rich hello
yeah can you hear me I hear you we might
have lost rich we did we lost right so
we'll get him back I am back oh hey
there you are you're weird what happened
I did my skype saying internet
connection problems no weird which is
why I don't stream from home
incidentally zone in case I thought it
would be a good idea we used some prereq
funds to buy this special mod and I did
so in October of last year
it has taken five months for them to
make this for me because apparently it
is a a small company Japanese company
and they they hand solder in these
connections which is why it's beautiful
and lagless in Japan yes this is done in
Japan and so you know I I got a new 3ds
they they buy it there they they do all
the soldering and modify the case and
all that fun stuff and then send it to
you and it works perfectly fine and
perfectly normal
when it when you don't have the capture
running so you know you can still use it
just as a handheld but you know I have
noticed I don't know if it's just a 3ds
thing but I don't know if the I don't
know if the battery is that great right
and right now I do have it running on an
AC adapter just because I know I'll be
playing it for a while should should it
matter when you're not streaming one
when you're not using the capture card
the battery negatively I wonder think it
should but it and I don't you know I'm
just not used to it so I don't know if
it feels like it is or not or right Kara
is asking why the hell did Tendo doesn't
sell these because it would be such a
specialty item you know the the only
people that would use them are let's
players and video reviewers you know so
it's such a niche I would be more likely
to get a handheld system if I could play
it on the big screen oh you mean just
like like an HDMI port yeah my
microphone down there we go
you know adds to the bulk you have to
you have to make those choices heads to
the bulkan you know if if most people
are truly playing them on the go they
don't care about an HDMI out got to make
the tough calls rich
I do remember like something I really
want and something that I was expecting
hey my main key group something I was
expecting with the Wii U was a way to
play DS games on your Wii U I still have
one for my gamecube gamecube came out
with a a gameboy advanced adapter so you
could just play your Gameboy advanced
games on your Gamecube
yeah with your GameCube controllers and
it was the greatest it was just the
greatest thing playing your hand playing
you know Pokemon on the big screen
but every they they also really like
money Nintendo and they know that people
will buy their handouts like it's all a
few like you know deluxe edition
handhelds that have have the DHD I out
yeah yeah I wonder how well those would
sell I'm gonna vent well but you know
I'm sure there's a market sure oh here
we go anonymous I missed another tip
sorry anonymous second being here for
Lisa that game is amazing one of my
friends is absolutely obsessed with it
I'd love for you guys to give it a try
okay no prob the master 20,000 says I'm
sitting there talking to me why do you
hate on the JRPG so much considering
your experience with them is is a few
from the 90s well you know I find that
when I hate something I
I keep spending fifty dollars to try
them again and again and again for 20
years just in case maybe someday I'll
start liking it I find that's what I do
well you know I haven't like the last
150 gr birds but you know what I better
try this one every once in a while don't
you think that's important though like
not not obviously not every year but
maybe like once every you know the
importance of keeping an open mind I
would need to see something first I
would make me believe there's a reason
why I would like this now sure okay but
I'm not just gonna randomly invest money
to try that out stories full of
spiky-haired 15 year olds I still don't
care I don't care there you go that's
and that's really true
that's really true like character one
you know I think there are a couple
really fun Final Fantasy games I want to
say what is it it's like Final Fantasy 8
has like a little more cartoony
character models
and I've always enjoyed their character
models way more but that was the only
one that got a little weird with their
character models other than that it's
all the giant haired sad American
looking boy that's Jen also Japanese
except for like x2 was kind of fun I
have I have a little more experience
with JRPGs I played X Final Fantasy X
and X 2 X 2 was around
yeah X 2 was interesting because that
was the one where they just took the
girls in in in in a move that was
completely not sexist at all instead of
changing class members your characters
changed outfits and those outfits gave
them different powers oh my god indeed
that was actually me that wasn't a
donation okay okay oh that's casual
horse right there hey guys recently
finished beating FTL on hard with all
ships nice little congratulations as
someone who hasn't played a lot of video
games I want to thank you for
introducing me to this one you're very
welcome
what a what a great game to get into
casual horse that's the one you get into
I'm frightened of FTL hard mode I can
beat normal but it's never a walk in the
park I'll tell you that mm-hmm
am i doing somebody said it scrolled up
now but but but JRPGs they have such big
thorns
did they really but they have really big
swords that you can't swing it alright
yes they have really big swords that you
can't swing it all plus I really prefer
moderately sized sword not too small no
nose no those pansy repre peers and you
know those giant great swords that's
that's not sword fighting that's that's
just a glorified Club mm-hmm I only like
a nice moderately sized sword no rich
that might be the most ridiculous thing
I've ever in in all seriousness you just
said you like you know what I'm just
gonna I'm gonna put this out there
another my my my opinions can be a
little controversial I like a moderately
sized sword that's just me though that's
just me I know I know I'm crazy you're
funny man rich Evans plenty of funny man
which was the what was the final fantasy
with like the sword gun like amazing
like really fun weapon design its weapon
design that you can't actually use
because you have to go through an Excel
spreadsheet you know so your character
can do it but you know they had that the
giant sword that was also a revolver
like like like where was where did the
bullets come out the it had a barrel in
the barrel go through the blades the
barrel went through the beyblade yeah
like that the the the dull end of the
blade huh Final Fantasy 8 that was I
know I know that game gun grave 2 the
sequel had a character with guns swords
but the gun didn't go through the barrel
the gun was part of a hill like you go
holding like a gun it looked like a
sword coming out the top of the come
weird interesting fun weapon design fun
weapon design well yeah I mean you need
a you need a big cumbersome sword gun so
you can almost never use the sword part
and it makes it really hard to aim for
anyone curious on my mad sick Pokemon
tactics here if you start a fight with a
weaker Pokemon switch it out for your
strong Pokemon then you can level them
both at the same time and super
important but after this I actually am
going to run back to the Polka Center
and heal everyone because that runs a
little low on health and I never mind
taking the time taking the time just to
run back to town you know cuz you could
buy a bunch of potions and stay out in
the field and and keep moving forward
but that cost some money when you could
just go to the Polka Center for free it
takes like two minutes to walk there and
log back when there's like an two
minutes is fine Karen wants a gun that
shoots swords this has to have happened
right a gun that shoots has to have
happened in this crazy world we live in
somebody has written a fictional thing
with a gun that shoots orbs specific it
has to be like a shotgun spread we're
just like a dozen swords fly out at once
maybe it can't just be one sword no no
it can't be one so I'm picturing more
like a sword Gatling gun where you know
like whoa or maybe you have like like
eight barrels and each Barrel has one
sword in them and like you can so you
can shoot up to eight swords I really
want a picture like the the swords on
like an ammo belt it just goes through
I'm the world's greatest samurai I use
my sword gun oh my god is it is it a gun
that has a sword blade on the end that
would be really devastating in close
combat no it's a gun that shoots sword
actually it's almost useless in close
combat because you can just really
easily dodge the sword it takes a while
to shoot it oh alright alright you want
to go to fight now go over there the gun
has the horrible drawback where you
actually end up like arming your enemies
the ground
the swords actually don't come out
really fast so you can just touch the
swords in midair now we're got thank God
they have a sword God everybody pick up
the loose orbs it's gonna take him 20
minutes to reload that thing now we can
all attack him with these swords that he
gave us we could really save on our ammo
expenditure
oh what a cool gun my sword gun fucking
love my gun
okay I need to come up with a game plan
rich I don't have a game plan I don't
have a Pokemon game plan right now which
I know is really important to you but I
need to catch some new Pokemon it's
extremely important extremely important
and pokey to you yeah yeah this makes me
instantly lose my erection and Karen's
in the chat so that's that's how
powerful Pokemon is everybody loves
Pokemon rich everybody that's a fact
fact Pokemon is beloved by everyone I
need some motherfucking
PG I don't care about you piggy I have a
problem rich I just don't care about
piggy I never have no no I hate that
digi it's it's really important later to
have a flying Pokemon it's pretty
important and like fly attacks air
attacks are powerful against a certain
group I've just never cared about them
they want you to get a plant Pokemon for
Misty's gym because because as we've
proven in a previous stream you
absolutely need that plant Pokemon I
know
oh no we seized a water tiger
I have Pikachu Pikachu's an electric
pokémon
I'm fine against Misty's Jim I want to
catch something I want to catch a bug
Pokemon Caterpie fine please God Lord
rich make this a highlight which
specifically would you like to see oh
that's right and I did I promised you a
mule what do we get that again hold on
let me look up my mu cheat sheet my new
glitch cheat sheet oh that's not so you
get to the Cerulean City
we got a while we got a while before we
and we have to worry about you I'm
excited to give you I'm gonna I'm gonna
the the stream will come to a screeching
halt and rich I will require that you
not talk to me while I attempt to glitch
my way into getting a mule what it's
very exciting
yeah already already you're sure it's in
all over the place that's right the
version of Pokemon that we played before
was firered and the start of Pokemon
learns moves that they didn't learn in
the original games to make it easier
this is this is a variation of the
original games after you know the
original games came out blue and red and
then after those games came out came the
the cartoon and then the cartoon got
imported to America and was a surprise
hit among children here in America the
Pokemon was it not a big hit Ben
oh no it was a big hit in Japan but you
know they didn't think that it would
cross over okay and then the cartoon hit
and Pokemon which was already doing
fairly well blue straight the fuck up
and so they made a variation on pokémon
red and blue which is this pokemon
yellow in which you had a Pikachu that
walks around with you in the original
games none of your Pokemon would walk
around with you like outside of their
pokéballs
but then you know the kids they wanted
the Pikachu or is it worse Pikachu and
so now in this game look you get a
Pikachu in you follows you around you
just say your starter is taking you
yeah you can't choose the starter in
this game you just get Pikachu just like
in the cartoon interesting yeah so it's
a little it's a little bit different and
then instead of instead of like choosing
your opposite like the the Pokemon that
would do more damage against you your
rival gets an Eevee and v's can the
Eevee's have a lot of different
evolutions and apparently if you do
really well in the game he has a harder
one it hurts I don't know exactly how
that works but he gets a different
Pokemon - oh I don't care about you
Caterpie want to see if there's a Weedle
if there's a Weedle in here you can get
a Weedle then you can get a Beedrill
anyway I said anyway so you can trade
these things with other people though
right you can trade these things with
other people can you can you do that I'm
wine would you have to meet them in
person
oh man I wonder now someone in the chat
to us that's a good question
she could this whole thing what you
trade with people right now you could do
that let's think man I don't think I
think I need to get a little bit further
in the game before I can know I might be
able do trading I don't know
Jacquie survey check you alright pal I
am alright I just um I'm alright I just
really enjoy Pokemon and I know that
rich hates it and so it makes me love it
more yeah thanks you're talking in
tongues oh when I say like Oh it'll be
true and I get a weed oh then I can get
a beetle oh you can do it online that's
great yeah you have to defeat I want to
say you have to defeat the story of the
game Wow and then after defeating the
story then you can start trading with
other people and apparently you can do
it online that's great
yeah oh if you are friends with people
oh that's awesome
that's great because there are certain
Pokemon that you can only get via trades
so that's cool usually I never worry
about like the posts victory game I just
like defeating the Elite Four or
whatever Emery what my tech mr. Emery my
attack missed hold on
pause for defeating Peggy great every
eight oh one I am loving the pokemons
this is Emery 801 one day I hope riches
cold ice type heart will melt and love
them too but I am NOT hopeful if you are
going to nickname Pokemon can you name
one after me and I do not nickname my
pokemons if you trade them you have to
if I oh yeah if I would if I were to
ever trade them of course I would give
them nicknames and the same thing we're
talking about being and having a nice
cold heart you do you know a nice cold
heart yeah Veon wants to know I lost a
specific comment but I think why do I
hate everything rich white hate
everything did I did I'm not just gosh
Oliver XCOM 2 for like a month we I mean
I not just do that
I I think you are like derelict in your
work duties because of X come to
you not only not only have you played
XCOM 2 for 200 plus hours we then live
chatted about it for an hour and a half
and then we chatted about it for another
hour and a half with the people that
made it yeah yeah we've we've dedicated
a large portion of previously recorded
to X come to in the past month yes I
think I think I finally had my phone at
least for now ok I how many hours are
you know job - 18 something like that -
18 that's insane that that means great
but it's insane I just finished a
Ironman run last night that was pretty
epic fish Ironman commander zero deaths
oh I know you were looking for that
that's great yeah yeah zero fucking
deaths I had on my very last turn I had
to fucking people bleeding out but I
made it through congratulations right
thanks I know you were working hard on
that that is great
no I'm speaking of we haven't spoken
since the the interview went up what did
you think of the edit event I have to
self conscious watching myself I know
you know what I've avoided watching it
you've avoided watching it cuz I know
I'm an ex-con fanboy and I probably come
off like an idiot no no I think it
turned out great I think I turned out I
think it turned out great I think um I
know I've seen a lot of people really
enjoying the fact that something I was
working on was them like switching out
their heads making their heads bigger
for whoever was talking and that was
really fun but no I think you were
obviously excited yeah but it was still
a fun conversation good and I know they
liked it the people the people there
enjoy them enjoyed it enjoyed chatting
with us
oh rich we have an important question
from Lloyd Beats yeah rich why do you
hate everything except for XCOM games
really important fuck off I talk about
things I like and they're just things
you don't like yes yes they did sound
very similar when they were coming up
over Skype it was actually hard
sometimes to like keep track of who was
talking luckily oftentimes they would
refer to the other person switching
heads were nice yes good great I'm glad
you enjoy that that's that's actually
like what took like the longest editing
out us babbling was easy everybody it's
also it's been an hour my my hour timer
just went off so if everyone could do me
a favor and stand up it is time to stand
up I'm gonna stand up
I may or may not be standing up white
white white doesn't think so because
you're very close to your microphones
though it's a headset oh that's right
you might be standing up then shut vote
on whether or not you think I'm standing
up
whether you're right it's been an hour
has Jason the witch I don't I don't
think he has I don't think he has like
but I don't know there's no way of
knowing I actually haven't seen Jane a
little bit because he's been busy with
stuff at like editing things what he's
been busy editing thing where am i oh
I'm still fighting this so right now I'm
rich
there's a couple wonderful EBS fights in
the game you fight these um these meta
pods here right and the low-level meta
pods only have one move which is harden
which raises their defense that but they
have no attacking moves yeah and so it's
it's basically free XP as long as you
can deal with like the length of the
battles why would you even put someone
like that in your game well because you
can in a Nidoran or Metapod as the
second version is that is the er is the
first evolution and so you can get them
if you get the the wheedle then they can
learn an attack move and then you get to
Metapod and then after Metapod they turn
into a Beedrill which is a nice powerful
bug type Pokemon bug types are important
because they they evolve really fast and
so you can have powerful Pokemon early
in the game but later in the game
they've never they're pretty useless
what yeah I know it's I know
it's it's a whole lot of of me playing
this game a whole lot and I do try it
like you know every every time I try I
do try to like give myself out Metapod
evolves into a beautiful oh that's right
Metapod evolves into a butterfly kakano
Kaukauna evolves into a Beedrill but
like that that's not a Pokemon that's
just a butterfly what a Butterfree oh
sorry i Butterfree oh yes horn attack
now we're getting to it
when did pokemons come out almost the
first Pokemon game when was it when was
it in the United States in the United
States yeah the important question um
look it up really quick
Kenny okey I have so many cables on my
desk right now okey oh my god
oh c'mon Ricky
I don't want to know about this one I
want to know about the first Pokemon
game the very first Pokemon game let's
see here in Japan came out in 1996
all right then it doesn't matter where I
came out in the u.s. cuz I was out of
high school
oops you were in college when Pokemon
came out yes okay so yeah probably a
little a little before your time let's
see when did he come out in the United
States
do-do-do-do-do-do
love the music - I love everything about
this game I just say that's someone in
the chat I'm sure is saying it right now
I don't even need to look it up through
the chat the chat will tell us and I
actually I did not play pokemon when it
first came out I did not play pokemon
until after high school I had a job I
had at a video game store and we would
be we would be encouraged we were
encouraged to you know play games so we
could talk about him and we had a
handheld we had a gameboy advance and I
started playing Pokemon while working
and it was amazing
because we weren't very busy so I played
a lot a lot of Pokemon while getting
paid 19 they're saying that came out in
1998 here in a in America in lieu
metahuman Jesus Christ Superstar
yeah Antichrist Superstar goddamn when I
fuck that up
fuck that up very different things very
very different things rich I think their
opposite what the Antichrist Superstar
elements oh okay
not even not even that I was super into
Marilyn Manson's but it just it's a nice
contrast you know I think you can do
both I think people can be both Karen
went to a Marilyn Manson concert like
right before he got big oh yeah saw him
at a smallish venue
he's nice always nice see it you know
like I'm sure like she could have even
like chatted with him afterwards like
her bought some merch from him directly
from him before he had people to do that
for me so rich will listen to Marilyn
Manson but not Rob Zombie I like Rob
Zombie you won't listen to Rob Zombie
come up repeatedly is this a thing I
don't know I've seen people bring up me
and Rob Zombie before and I like Rob
Zombie but somebody's upset at me for
not liking Rob Zombie yes but not liking
Rob Zombie enough a sting yeah rich why
don't you like Rob Zombie enough that's
the question
what was his first big song Rob Zombie
I'm trying to reference big one as far
as I'm me being familiar with him was a
Dracula was the thing before that yeah I
want to say like it was something like
Dandan Dan
yeah I was it was his first big song
thunder kiss I think pregnant what was
the first big one but living dead girl I
remember living dead girl yeah I am
maybe Thunder kiss 65 is what I'm
thinking of dun duh-da nought to 60 yeah
yeah that's all of a song burner now I
want to go listen to Rob Zombie but a
dragon was one of those things
interesting
what're it dragon was on the radio
constantly when I came out oh god yeah
oh heck yeah
so much dragula your gula ain't gonna
fight me no I defy you
I'm gonna go heal my bitches all right
loner are John Rich yep all right
he says rich are you still salty about
being forced to play Firewatch rich are
you salty about being forced to play
Firewatch I don't think I was ever salty
about being forced to play Firewatch
right you know that's that's kind of
what we do is something you know we
might not necessarily play games that we
might not have necessarily played but
you know we play games and then have a
conversation about it it was like four
hours out of my day although there was a
quick one you know obviously he didn't
enjoy it but you know we play we play
stuff sometimes and also what is your
definition of what a game should have
since I believe that is why there is a
heated argument between you and Jack
what a game should have something
something I'm saying that
Firewatch actually has nothing right I'm
I'm pretty open-ended I'm what it could
be like Tetris entirely different from
the thing like got whore they're both
games I don't know what the fuck call
Firewatch right story you know some have
been served better in a different
formats what I think after watch is fire
watch and I've won after watch fire
watch with me yeah fire fire watch with
me fire watch with me right and I mean
like and I that was the crux of both of
our arguments is like you thought there
was no game
I thought the gameplay while simplistic
was there and added to the apart from
the lack of gameplay chat and she's like
yeah I won't story actually have the
great characters there's no story about
two people yeah one guy dealing with his
wife being basic basically did yeah not
really exactly it was it was it was a
really running responsibilities myself
going on there nice character drama nice
book yeah I think you need you needed
that game you needed that walking around
you needed that you know what you needed
the time I'm really curious with Karen
would think of it yeah how would you how
would you soul Firewatch to care of
someone who's not much of a gamer in
general well that's the problem is one
you need to dedicate a couple hours and
you know most non gamers are just
interested in you know like oh can I
play it for 20 minutes and then put it
down but you know the big sale point is
it's a nice story with beautiful visuals
and and really that's the bit that's the
biggest selling point to a non gamers
it's a very nice story with beautiful
visuals you you walk around the woods
and your job is to to keep an eye out
for fires you like like working for the
Park Rangers mm-hmm this person you talk
to on the radio and a girl and the
relationship develops yeah just not a
game it's the the game and like I said
and a lot of people by the way we're
taking or taking your stands of like you
know cuz I my big thing is like you have
to turn off that locator right and and a
lot of people were calling me
hypocritical because I said well I think
you get the real enjoyment out of it if
you turn that locator off and they said
but joke when you did alien isolation
and we said
needed to play it on hard you said that
was both it and I said no a videogame
should be able to be played on normal
and enjoyed it should really be able to
be played on any difficulty level and
enjoyed but the difficulty level is
about the challenge and if and and this
is something we said about alien
isolation if your game can only be
enjoyed on hard then that's the only
thing it should be then that's poor
design and I called out these developers
as well saying this is how the game
should be played and that was poor
design making the defaults having your
your locator on so I don't think that
was hypocritical I think that was me
being very what's the opposite of
hypocritical is there a word that means
the opposite of hypocritical or just
honest virtuous virtuous absolutely
steady steady that was me being that was
me being steady in my in my not
hypocrite Oh consistent loner arch on
you get a point
whatever whatever points were giving out
today is you getting that was me being
consistent in in my in my feelings
we called it bad design in alien
isolation and I'm calling it bad design
in Firewatch and but but it's this
design is an easy fix all you have to do
is turn it off by the default and then
if someone keeps getting lost in the
woods which they won't then turn by
being lost in the woods is not fun and
that would just lengthen the tedium
between storytelling that's what that's
what because it you're never lost in the
woods you know like the like you said
the trails are easy to follow and you
always have your compass out right and
so that's what immerses you into the
world is you know like you look at your
hands you can look at the compass and
you follow the trails that's what gets
you in there or else you just look at
your map and you see the blue people ooh
you know what you know what kills any
immersion what trying to walk 20 feet
away from the trail you can you can go
down a different trail oh you can't just
walk around the woods but you can't walk
around the real woods yes you can what
well I'm saying you can't like climb
rocks yes you can not without rock
climbing equipment what did you see
giant rocks everywhere you there in in
Wyoming yes
have you been to Wyoming the whole state
is in a series of canyons have you been
to Wyoming it's literally a series of
canyons I'd been a before I think it was
I don't care about you in that pod
anyway you can fucking climb rocks
without equipment but it's not
recommended and that you climb rocks
without a cable it's the Blandin in any
case what we're talking about files
Firewatch I hear watch with me not
everywhere it looks like the Chicago
suburbs that's right a horrible quarry
not everything can be the Chicago
suburbs rich outdoors in general has
lots of wide open spaces and not
artificial barriers everywhere and but
three every everything in Firewatch is a
path that you can't deviate from
everything there are several paths yes
just as if just like there would be you
know in a real Nature Park you know what
you know a game did the wilderness
better than fire watch what Dragon's
Dogma Oats but there's nothing stopping
you from going off the roads there's the
mountain here there but there's a lot of
open woods you can just walk through and
that's true and you know what I will
give you the that exploration was much
better yes far better exploration in
Dragon's Dogma a hundred percent agree
with you a hundred percent agree with
you but not every not every actual
outdoors is like that I think I think
Firewatch still does it well
rich please save ballsack like in an eel
brain video just watch the new brain
video my fiance's listen oh no that's
right Karen's here tonight guys we can't
we can't embarrass rich what if
Firewatch had a map similar to ARMA I've
never played armor so I don't know I
don't know what kind of map ARMA has and
I'm very sorry about that I need to find
my way out of these woods rich I'm lost
in the woods it's fine we'll get out of
here we can make it I believe in us we
gotta get to the second area so I can
get my Moo
quick everyone embarrass rich right
do it quickly
team Phoenix great our map is same as
Daisy I've never seen I've never
actually played Daisy either no idea the
thing for me is I really I really
latched on to the idea of a physical map
and a compass you know like every game
has the the you are here locator every
game has that including Firewatch except
for you can turn off and so I latched on
to the idea it starts off absolutely and
that was a horrible design choice a
horrible design choice it's the only
thing that kept her from being West
hideous crazy person where do I
generally get my gaming news from where
do you hear about games I follow people
on Twitter like there are games people
that I follow on Twitter
I like Kotaku read it you know you
follow the right gaming subreddits
and in all honesty you know where I get
my gaming news from where the chat the
do you know the chat is incredibly
helpful by the way you guys remind us of
stuff you bring up stuff you know just a
variety of sources but you know like for
me mostly I'd say it's Twitter you know
like I follow enough gaming people on
Twitter now and then they'll mention
something and that'll lead me down a
news path which is great yeah you know
yeah you check that hey check in a
Kotaku the little every once in a while
or like I and all the copper sites like
I like checking kids and Gizmodo and and
all those you see what's happening in
the world and go back to Reddit see what
they're doing I just I just show up
first stream when the chats like do you
know what they're doing what they do
dude what dude yeah yeah I don't do do
what what do you changes to do ya know
the CH is a chat and by the way now now
that this is what we do the real reason
I get most of my news from Twitter is
from you guys tweeting at me I will get
several Twitter's a day of just like hey
did you hear about this game hey did you
hear about this game and that's an
incredibly helpful I stopped listening
to because I didn't want to be
contaminated and influenced yeah like I
used to listen to a lot of total
biscuits and zero punctuation mm-hm
yeah I liked like I really liked zero
punctuation I have also stopped
listening some
total total total biscuit was great when
you heard about that game you know I
mean you think about it
you just listen to him talk about it
know that what the fuck is series that's
great yeah the only I've only seen the
one video you showed me
and then yeah it was good for reviews
for me because her taste her boobs are
like parallel mm-hmm Janek reads Gawker
while he listens to Taylor Swift on his
beats by dre
hey all of that is true except for the
beats by dre part I don't have these
bedroom well fuck yeah Reid gawking off
well listen in a taste way
ah geez Anke
sometimes I had you know like sometimes
I've heard of a game if you guys tweet
at me or or or message me on Steam or
whatever sometimes all I've heard about
sometimes I don't I appreciate I
appreciate it in it in any sense even if
I've already heard of it I like getting
the info

[Part II]
doctor some some gaming news I just saw
right now from the jab which looks
horribly generic Oh a Kotaku article
have fun
well now I want to click on it dooms
cover fits perfectly with pretty much
every game yeah yeah I think so right oh
oh yeah look at that
you're a Space Marine Oh God
oh that's really funny actually they
just put the that's great see that's fun
that's really great because you're just
you are generic Space Marine generic
spaceman
yes speaking of generic yeah can
can anybody either you Jack or a buddy
in the chat I'm kinda having this
conversation before the stream starting
tell me what the fuck makes Tom Clancy's
the division special what is that what
does that have that that makes it
something other than third-person
shooter number 3718 the the one selling
point I have heard from him is the
destructible environments that's it I
was talking with someone actually on
Monday Monday night a buddy of mine who
is super into those kinds of generic
games was really excited about the
division and I asked him that exact same
question yeah why here was his actual
response was yeah well that's what
that's what my friends are getting
because because he's the type of gamer
that like all he wants to do is you know
like play games with his friends and so
like they as a group decide what game
they're gonna get so they can all play
together why don't they make original
games
this is this is exactly why exactly you
know I was just like I don't know man
and nothing looks terribly interesting
about he's like oh you know be fun
there's this online portion and you do
stuff and it's like oh man oh man oh man
alive and here's a more important
question okay how the fuck is tom
clancy's still writing this shit from
beyond the grave
what they're doing with his name just
the most sickening fucking thing
absolutely sickening also how is Tom
Clancy's still a selling point at this
at this point in the games industry like
oh I get it we know a well-respected
author
we're gonna slap his name on something
right add a little class to this here
shooter but now people don't care about
that anymore that's great
it's written by a zombie Oh funny game
too it's not like is there there's
infected people but they're not
something aim - they're not zombies
they're just there they die like they
got sick and they die and so that's what
the dystopia is okay I don't believe
there are actual zombies I could and
might be very wrong but someone say it
was a zombie game
Abraham Lincoln's civilization I guess
it doesn't matter if they're wrong or
not because it's horribly generic either
way it looks very soon hack Freud's how
do I inflict a steam game on you if you
want to send us a steam game you can
send it to prereq at red letter media
com that is our email so sent you know
if you want to gift us this team game
gift
there and that's how we can be in pain
oh yeah I realize it's an MMO I do
realize it isn't a massively multiplayer
online game people are excited for your
you're allowed to like the division I'm
glad you're playing it enjoying it it
just I don't understand the hype for
something that looks like the definition
of generic it doesn't well you know it's
it's probably gonna take a lot of the
players who are playing destiny which is
another hello I can't hear a word you're
saying I might have I might have
accidentally hit the volume on my thing
talk jack
I'm hello there you okay you know like
destiny is another one of those Matt's
at massively multiplayer online shooter
games and like a lot of people are
saying it's just gonna take a lot of
Destiny players in it's like well that's
yeah people who like that sooner I'm
just gonna jump in that's fine that's
fine
yeah yeah it's about bioterror spreading
a disease through dollar bills on Black
Friday yes well that wouldn't work at
all because everyone uses credit Bow Wow
yes three people zip zero out of ten
would not buy one star out of five I
plot the place dollar bills didn't work
out for some reason only strippers died
Friday stampedes and strippers yes yes
everybody every stripper would would be
gone and I guess every want everyone a
fish at the club so only people who
frequent strip clubs would die we're not
losing our best and brightest so we're
fine that's job growth in America after
all those stripper positions opened up
oh I like that new key hazard next the
terrorists are going to poison Walkmans
you see I've inserted powder into all of
these these Sony Walkmans everyone who
listens to a cassette tape will will
burn alive instantly it did not work at
all
only hipsters only three hipsters died I
could not do it
yes this is a lot of exciting Pokemon
gameplay this is this is just me playing
my pokemons this is why I love the
series so much rich is a huge fan of the
Pokemon series huge fan I really like it
there there was a bit of lack of
communication between rich and I today
and as it turns out it was a
miscommunication I texted rich this
afternoon like giving out some times
that I thought would work for Jack was
just telling me the time that was going
to be of course and in my head and even
though I didn't I didn't say it like in
my head I was asking if that was okay
for him and so then I never heard back
because rich had assumed that that was
just the time I was coming and so then I
assumed it wasn't happening and so then
I was like well flying fuck Birds I'm
gonna play pokemon it happens seven I
got time to go out and get a sandwich
exactly it's fine not a normal stream
can't continue our police quest to
stream but we'll get to it
a week that time who's in here see if
there's any good pokemons in this grass
or look for some pokemons
how much input that I have into the
space cop story I can't even tell you
specifically because just gonna get
together in your brainstorm ideas come
out and they could kicked around yeah
and then like not only I'm sure in the
writing process but like I know the
three of you were changing the story
whilst shooting massively changing well
we we can no longer afford you know an
entire warehouse full of explosives so
we're gonna change that scene what do
you get what you're gonna change the
scene to uh instead rich and Mike are
gonna walk down a hallway it's gonna be
great
when it doesn't being generic matter at
all as long as the gameplay is good
considering you guys liked Dragon's
Dogma I think that's going back to your
to your generic looking shooter yeah
yeah and you know what we when we
started playing Dragon's Dogma it was
almost as a lark we started playing it
for first four hours oh yeah was not
something I was hyped about right oh
pardon we we thought we were gonna get
four hours be bored to tears because of
all the dragons and you know get get a
short a short video out of it
and it won us over with its gameplay and
the same could be true for destiny or
the division or any game that we call
generic but that doesn't like also
Dragon's Dogma is still a very generic
game so yeah anything is possible the
question is will we will then is there
any motivation for us to play it as
opposed to playing the thousands of
other games that we can play to get
specific yeah what I am baffled about
what the division is highteeeee the hype
I've seen some people have like oh this
looks great
mm-hmm and I look at it I think well
that looks generic Dragon's Dogma I
thought that looks generic mm-hmm even
though I did like it
Dragon's Dogma is a generic game that's
not and that's not necessarily an insult
it's a good generic game but you know
it's your pretty standard fantasy RPG
Pokemon learn new techniques as they
grow rich but some move they must be
taught by trainer
Dragon's Dogma is one of those games
that grabs you it has generic elements I
don't know of any other game that lets
you hang off of a Griffin while you try
to beat it to death
exactly aesthetically and they were
smart enough to have you fight that
Cyclops right at the beginning so you
know what you're in for for the whole
game reformers are the last time you
were super hyped about a game and which
game was it
Mass Effect 3 it was a valuable lesson
in hype Mass Effect 3 was was a giant
nun slapping rich on the knuckles with a
ruler - I kept my hype down you did by
the way people people like like the week
before that came out people like why are
you fasting at the mouth and man I get
it because of Mass Effect 3 could just
be me being more mature my old age yeah
sure sure that's possible that is
possible I was going through AI I'm big
on lists
I enjoy lists and more importantly I'm
really big on writing things down and so
I have a list on my phone and it's it's
just gonna play that's my note I have a
note in my notebook on my phone and
every time I come across a game that I
think later down the line I might want
to play it I make a little note and I
was doing that today cuz you know I now
have the 3ds I was like oh I bet some of
these games on my lists of games that I
want to play our 3ds games and sure
enough they were
and these are games that like I saw and
I got a little excited about Martha who
that might be a thing I want to look
into later and I'm looking through this
list and now like looking up the games
now and all of them look like complete
garbage yeah complete garbage and she's
like what the hell was I thinking so you
know like a hype hype is a real
I think hype is it is an influencing
factor when you play a game it's a very
real thing it can it can distort your
perceptions somebody in the chats
mentioning wasn't I hype for them the
first ex-con ee you need the reboot XCOM
you know the recent new one the reason
new one right yeah the reason the recent
first one that was actually a surprise
to me I didn't hear about that before it
came out I the lat I actually discovered
XCOM because of the the shitty reboot
the one that became the bureau the the
first person shooter XCOM they announced
that at e3 and then all of the ExCom
fans were were heartbroken I was curious
about this game that everybody was
heartbroken was this is a shitty
first-person shooter but I mean did you
play the original original after I like
what is this game people are so upset
about not being you know being remade
wrong and I looked into it I'm like oh
this really is good and then I didn't
think about it much a couple years went
by and I'm I'm on break at work and I'm
reading a PC Gamer magazine and there's
a review for XCOM enemy Unknown are like
wait a minute that's not the shitty
reboot so I didn't discover enemy I know
until it was after after it was already
out so there was no hype to be had
oh wait so what you're saying is after
hearing about how upset people were
about the bureau the bureau yeah check
out the original XS X comma X comma then
your two goes by and I'm reading a PC
gamer article about a review for XCOM
enemy Unknown which had already come out
and I didn't hear about it beforehand
oh my god that's great so I discovered
both kind of actresses
what a lovely treat that is yeah
Tiberius Kirk says I discovered ex-con
last week because if you guys keep
gushing about it and it was ten bucks on
the ps3 damn that's a good price yeah
it's the question that is the question
Tiberius did you like it I want rich
actually this is something of some a lot
of people have been asking us about this
game like on Twitter and stuff have you
looked into stardew valley at all I've
never heard of stardew valley oh it's
the new it's the new bigan it's the new
big little game look up it's the big
indie game it's it's a like it's very
Harvest Moon II and I know you are a fan
of the Harvest Moon II I'll have to look
into it
stardew valley it's the game all the
cool kids are playing oh I think I heard
somebody mention that in a previous
stream works like people who made the
original harvest moves know that that
could be because like I like the earlier
harvest moons I haven't liked any of the
recent ones basically they started
becoming shit with from the GameCube on
from the Gamecube harvest mode on the
series tanked yeah yes Hartman's II Jack
is playing this we're doing a a hack and
a half rich is calling in I am playing
pokemons yellows hoping I got enough
steam in me to get to MU that is my my
one goal as I wanted to do the MU glitch
where you can trick the game into
allowing you to catch em you far earlier
than you usually can and backtrack and
question somebody asked earlier yes well
I want to revisit it would we play the
division and the the answer is yes but
it's a $60 investment right now and it's
a game that doesn't look particularly
interesting and the first
place so I consider it but maybe if the
price went down like we do it through
the show for review but we said a
discussion recently about you know takes
us so long dude to get a review out yeah
and I I kind of wanted him back off on
Triple A games are gonna take down like
40 our investment then he comes out it's
a month later at least I think we should
do more shorter games like Firewatch
well yeah and I think we need to mix it
up where we do some shorter games than
everyone's a bigger game yeah we just
came off of a big streak of long
triple-a titles that came out a month
after the game was relevant exactly
exactly so we can we can cool it we're
probably not gonna do it for the show I
mean we know we're not gonna do it for
the show because I know what we're doing
next because we already recorded it but
even for streaming probably not gonna
happen because there is just 1 million
things to play is the division a game
you're all super excited to watch a
stream that's a good question
that's a good question I know everyone
wants us you know what I will play The
Witcher 3 before I play the division
yeah because one because we own it
already good thank you people have
spoken the people have spoken we are not
playing the division great it's not even
a justifiable business expense great
that makes me happy that makes me happy
to hear
it'll be Call of Duty all over again
exactly so maybe we're not the only ones
who think the game looks overhyped
if not bad at least overhyped maybe
quite possibly over hi you know well and
and I think you bring up a good point
which is like why the height yeah
like is it height because it's going to
be a great game or is it a height
because there's a ton of marketing
behind it I mean I'm not wrong I
remember people saying that it'd be
three thinking it'd look great
what do you think about the division my
mom did that not happen damn I just
might miss remembering life you know you
remember it like the the big thing with
um with the division at e3 is this is
the second III it was shown at like it
was showing at e3 two years ago as well
yeah and I still don't care it's a it
looks boring look up straight down so
don't think my Pikachu's can do very
good against it but
kind of shit out of luck here I'll fuck
oh fuck
that's right we can do this
we can do this rich
ocean of money Turan thank you
great potion something else someone
asked much earlier those are our there
RT games that I do like RT games RT
games like like like fire watch sure
okay um I would say pony island was fun
we played recently uh the ephra
mentioned the Stanley parable oh yeah
yeah a Stanley parable to go I've been
already things I've liked you like to
pony island was my favorite thing ever
but yeah the hype okay the hype from the
division came from the look but then the
beta dropped and the hype was over the
gameplay I was more interested when it
was going to be the next Ghost Recon
game okay so the hype did come from the
look apparently like the graphics are
really good maybe yeah I saw someone say
earlier that it is a like Street First
Street remake of Manhattan that's neat
you know if it's a very detailed map you
have a division so if it's a very
detailed map that's that's kind of cool
oh so fucking sick of Manhattan just in
general like I don't want to go there I
don't want to see it everything in a
game is like based on New York yeah okay
oh my god I don't care the Grand Theft
Auto spider-man games this apparently
mmm you know fuck New York what did I
ever do for us
other cities there are there are other
there are other locales London's only
had one game London could be interesting
I'd be constantly accidentally driving
on the wrong side of the fucking Street
but which would make it great
can I live on my manky I'm gonna be shit
against and and nothing should be set in
Milwaukee
yeah that's Milwaukee's boring if it's a
boring game then you said in Milwaukee
I'm sure there's something that could be
said here you know like like a tapper
you said you said a tapper in Milwaukee
remember tapper oh the beer the arcade
game where you have to pour beer and
Shuba didn't shoot it down the table
some people could drink more beer beer
Jack of course
root beer oh yeah root beer of course
haven't you guys been offered free games
to stream from companies most dreamers
come together now we've been offered I
want to say we've been offered like
three games from the people who
developed the games Oh like little
smaller things yeah oh yeah like we're
talking about zombies yeah I like strip
well but strafe was free to everyone
like you know I was yeah okay you're
right you're right I requested it and
they they gave it to us like what did we
play with that let mute crimson game
that side scroller like remember the
black and white was just red blood
you probably yeah me yeah me Brian you
might not remember it
we got that one for free from the
developer who it was like a two-man
development team and hey you want to
play this on your stream and I said sure
that's happened a couple times he's like
hey I made this game or like all the
Plunkett fan games I made this game you
don't play downstream
oh let's let's discount blanket fan sure
Kevin king Kevin Kevin didn't offer us
pre pre-release effects come so Kevin
did not offer us a pre-written happen
we're not said we're not saying we're
mad at him because he helped us set up
the one-ders oh I know that's right a
fearful slug by Cameron Kings was
another one that we got from the
developer who was just a fan of ours and
he said hey I made this game you want to
play it I said Jordan but now like we
don't we don't get games from like big
developers it'd be great if you did
we're gonna reach out a prereq and red
letter media at that corner we have a
wart on the ass of gaming journalism
well yeah you know we're just us we're
just a they're only the one guy in this
gym I need to I need to level up my man
key which is good because I think I
think once once somebody's dependent on
getting pre-release stuff to be current
you have to start doubting their reviews
you think yeah yeah I wouldn't I would
never I would have a hard time trusting
a review from a game spot or IGN because
they they need EA and they need to keep
them happy they they counted them for
ads and revenue and screening copies of
shit
sure you know that that's the the
what he called the the ad out of a
hundred rule right yeah we're worried if
they if you really don't like a game but
you're friends with the publisher not
friends you know you're friendly with
the publisher and you need them to give
you more games and yeah eighty you give
him a nice yep yeah review score did you
see that wonderful Jackie Chan video
game video that star made no star star
got his start I started watching him
when he was making tf2 videos and now he
just makes really weird stuff he's great
he made this really funny really like on
Fleck
video about this old PlayStation game
it's like a Jackie it was a Jackie Chan
game and if the game is horrible and it
looks bad and it plays bad but for some
reason it got an 80 out of 100 yeah and
then he like showed a bunch of modern
games that are getting 80s out of 100
and he made this wonderful parallel to
like them this is what people mean by 80
out of a hundred they mean it's bad
someone find this someone find that star
video and pose and I love that video
it's know and I know it's fleek and I'm
not saying fleek I'm not saying it I
think is that why it's um what people
get pissed off what a game they like
only gets a 95 exactly because you know
people are hip to that at this point
people know where an 80 means of course
of course people know what an 80 and so
and so but then it's just like why have
the facade you know Jackie Chan's stunt
master oh thank you Oh bother for
finding that video if that's it I think
that's it
I don't watch the slave it's it's really
funny and it's just showing this awful
gameplay and this through the review
scored had it was it's it's funny I
enjoy stir a lot he's a good games
commentator I like it when he talked
about the games and then yeah plays the
games and talked about pretty great
pretty great I need to spend some time
you know what I mean you know what time
it is in Pokemon rich time stand up it's
it's not time to stand out but we about
minutes to stand up in Pokemon right now
it's grind time oh we are officially in
grind time and usually there is very
little grinding in Pokemon I feel by the
way I didn't even need to grind you
didn't need to grind you were playing
like a newer version if I am if this was
the normal game and I like I could have
chosen the water starter which would
have gotten me through this gym but
without without blinking because
everyone in this gym is a rock or a
ground type and water is strong against
it but I have an electric type and you
can't like electric isn't just a week to
ground types electric doesn't work on
ground types okay so and there's big
ground and rock type enemies here Oh God
and I'm even failing at grinding right
now
meet clanking wouldn't like to know if
you have ever encountered a shiny one I
want to say after I've told I told the
story before in all of my hundreds of
hours of playing almost every single
Pokemon game I have encountered exactly
one shiny and a shiny has the exact same
stats as its non-shiny counterpart it
just has a different paint job but
they're very rare and and I didn't catch
it I think I had too strong of a Pokemon
and I was trying to weaken it to catch
it and I killed it
I killed the shiny pokemon and I feel
terrible
that's tragedy how rare are they
apparently they're pretty fucking rare
oh they're pretty fucking we're there
and there's like there are entire
websites dedicated to how to game the
system to get all the shinies that you
want that involved like breeding your
Pokemon and getting this and doing this
and doing that but like coming across
them just in the in the regular game are
they're readily rare incredibly rare and
like it wasn't even like a good Pokemon
but I would have kept it in my team I
don't remember what it was are they well
chant wants know what type of was I'm
trying to remember I'm trying to
remember what type it was it was um I
think it was a bird it was it was a
shiny it was a shiny Spiro I want to say
are they in the black and white version
I actually don't know yeah and literally
all they are is they're the exact same
code Pokemon was just a different color
palette that's all they are
Dragoon 9 105 says there's a 1 in 8,000
263 chance a 1 in 8,000 chance to get a
shiny pokemon very very rare and I've
come across one
spine at 3 1 5 says rich Jan yeah
question for both of us if you could be
any Pokemon which Pokemon would you be
NY choose wisely this decision will
affect the rest of your lives
why would I want to be a Pokemon
so some asshole could shove me into his
ball yeah but you get the murder things
you don't want a murder things
what am i a moral jerk hang out think
interesting thoughts cuz I'm not a
fucking animal
that shoved in a ball I think that's
that's the correct response I don't want
it I don't want to be a Pokemon that
it's a shoved in a ball did I did I tell
my like like grade school story a first
grade teacher is asked no class thing
you could be an animal what animal would
you want to be mm-hmm okay class say me
like a cat or a dog or a horse and
here's the important question with this
question is do I still have like the
ability to talk and think like a human
no if you're if you're voting like you
decide to be a Pokemon and then like if
so if I decide to be a Pikachu all I can
say for the rest of my life is pika pika
pika pika that's but that's the thing
yeah sure yes then I would be then I
would be the meows from if I had like
let's say you you know gun to your head
you have to choose and if you don't
choose they'll choose for you I'd be
that I'd beat them me out from the show
because it can talk still if I can still
have some sort of human thought I would
be one of the humanoid-looking Pokemon
you know the ones that still have like
two arms and two legs like humans I'd
rather be dead no they wouldn't kill you
what they would rather be dead they
would make the decision for you and then
boom you'd have to live the rest of your
life as a Pokemon that they choose they
would choose it they would turn you into
like a Tentacruel or whatnot like a
ugly-ass octopus that lives in the ocean
no one wants to be a Tentacruel
nobody
or they can say their names are bit yeah
that's the Pokemon thing is the Pokemon
can only talk in what kind of Pokemon it
is so right now I'm using a manky and so
holla Manteca says man g-man key man man
key man that's so stupid
and then the pigeon it's a game made for
children and it's a game it's a game and
a cartoon made for children right you
just have to live with that it's gonna
be a little stupid sometimes that's how
it works there's there's wonderful
stories about how Pokemon came to exist
years of development before it was even
pitched to Nintendo it was made like in
secret yeah and then every time they
would bring up the idea of like the
Creator I think he had Miyamoto at his
back every time he was like soft pitch
it to Nintendo Nintendo turned him down
like no way this sounds like the dumbest
thing and so this is this guy who made
Pokemon was just so passionate about it
that he just kept making it and kept
refining it and changing the game and
like perfecting it over years and years
and eventually Nintendo relented okay
fine that's why I get yeah whatever make
your Pokemon game but like give him a
ton of monetary restrictions and you
know whatnot and it turned out to be the
the money-making machine for the entire
business
let's save the company I mean right the
only reason that the Nintendo handheld
is the go-to handheld is because it's a
Pokemon machine yep
wonderful stories of how it was the
determination maybe a little mental
instability but fun determination okay
there it is there's the timer to stand
up if ever if everyone heard the Blue
Danube loop I did not you wouldn't but
the people in stream might have heard my
doubt that's my official time to stand
up timer I'm not using my phone timer I
have my computer on and so I get my
official stand up timer oh so we're
gonna just hang out with this Rattata
here for a second while I stand up and
get another adult beverage deal with
deal with this for a moment
hey everybody rich yeah you have to
entertain them I'm how what if I want to
get a beverage if you want to get a
beverage I might want to get a beverage
get a beverage - and I'll just keep the
mic so what I have to pee god damn okay
well you know they can they can be they
can be quiet okay and it'll be fine I'm
gonna fight I'm gonna mute you I'll be
fine
okay well then I'm not gonna we're gonna
walk to the bathroom with the headset on
like the cord stretching all the way
over there happy weird don't do that be
ridiculous okay I'll just leave the
Pokemon music on then and we'll be back
and that's ready to tell everyone to be
healthy and stand out while getting an
adult beverage you hear bottle caps yeah
my bottle cap fell on my ground I opened
up here and my bottle cap fell on the
ground it's weird that you heard that
because it was in the other room button
hey that's fine that's fine that's fine
that's fine
okay everybody did everybody stand up
everybody stretch out those legs oh
pardon me pardon me
you biked for a full hour on the
stationery okay that's great I'm not
drinking driving I am at home tonight
that's why rich is that's why rich is uh
calling in rich is calling in I'm at
home tonight so I can drink and play
pokemon with JISC that's staying for a
while that's fine yeah no now we can sit
for another hour it's great
what
yes Tomatoes 1 z space goblin uses
multiple to rolls in space all right hey
what's up
I dropped a bottle camp oh no and and
the the chat heard it apparently which
is we just weird that they could hear it
from the other room but it's a good
microphone sound no fear no everything
wants to know how biscuit is doing
biscuit is fine we're we're going
through a big shedding season right now
because of the season change so just
constantly constantly brushing
constantly brushing I'm sorry it's for
you no it's it's fine it's just one of
those things well you had that thing
though the biscuit thing yeah a while it
feels like a while I have no I have no
sense just cuz we've had them for a
while I don't know if we've had them for
a year yet maybe a year which is 100% of
objectively right about Firewatch you
listen lesbian laser bad on rich is
entitled to his opinion and I'm really
I'm really happy that we this is the the
the glorious thing about video games
because it's a very personal medium rich
and I both played the same thing and
came out with very different experiences
and isn't that great
yep and because we can control our
character we came out with vastly
different experiences I do worry like I
was too much of a jerk but I thought it
was hey I edited it I could have edited
you out and being Cherokee but I thought
it was funny so this is a bit late for
that
okay so
Mankey who has some fighting type to him
just learned an amazing move called low
kick and low kick is a move that hurts a
Pokemon more the heavier they are this
is one of those like the game is
incredibly is very specific about
certain fighting types like usually like
like the simple ones right fire type
beats grass type grass type beats water
type well water type beats fire type the
rock-paper-scissors then you have stuff
like this where as you play the game you
get stats on the Pokemon and you just
learn which Pokemon are heavier so you
know that this one move works really
well against certain Pokemon it's crazy
it's no mega punch I agree it's no mega
punch but what is but what is and I and
and more importantly I'm going up
against a gym leader who has some heavy
pokey man's so actually and you know I'm
gonna buy some stuff before I take him
on cuz I might lose this battle it's
quite possible that I'm gonna lose this
battle oh that's right and there is no
mega punch in this version of the game
oh my god yeah yeah all these things
that I care so much I don't care so much
about them and I know I know you do read
it fills me with joy
I feel great I have a plan folks about
five another potion went by that person
great and Nando great spend my money now
cuz if you lose a Pokemon battle they
take half your money so always important
to spend your money before a battle that
you might lose good advice it's good not
that pokemons oh oh it's it's you know
it's very I know I've tried explaining
it to you before but it's very
satisfying like watching your little
tiny little creatures grow with you come
axion has a new binding of issac
question why are there some rooms with a
single set of spikes do you mean like
spikes that keep you from like going in
a certain area if that's what you mean
you know the rooms are procedurally
generated and so sometimes spikes will
block your path to a treat and then you
know you have to choose whether or not
you want to hurt yourself to get the
treat if that's what you're talking
about come axion or there are some rooms
where spikes seemingly block the path
but then they lower every once in a
while I'm not quite sure what you
talking about what you talking about
come axion yes what you talking about
you don't
dumb luck movement exactly it's like
having kids little deformed kids that
grow up and punch other little deformed
kids that's exactly what pokemons like I
mean the dark rooms with the spikes in
the middle of the room oh those are the
sacrifice rooms do you mean the in the
sacrifice rooms if you hurt yourself
enough times you will randomly get
treasures and so like if you're on a
floor with a ton of hearts go into the
spike rooms hurt yourself over and over
again and then you might get treasures
they are specifically sacrifice rooms
and there's you know a whole way to do
that basically if you if you're good on
lives and you have a bunch of hearts
that are going to waste you go to a
sacrifice room see if you can see if you
can get a treasure you know I got may
you said something I just don't remember
did you ever get your 110 percent in
that I have not yet I got a little I got
a little discouraged because one of my
achievements wasn't popping ah and I
have been doing lost runs every once in
a while but now like crypt of the
necrodancer just came to the Vita so
I've been doing a lot of crypt of the
necrodancer and a couple other games
came to the Vita so I have been slacking
on my binding of issac unfortunately
well you will you never get back to it I
don't know you know I'm sure I will I
usually go back to it
usually lets me house shit this attack
is that active shit yeah mostly come at
night mostly aliens Thurman the way said
usually usually maybe think of new from
aliens come at night mostly yeah you
fuck now Geodude you fuck now
oh I even made you flinch you so in any
case I you know I probably will I know
they're they're submitting now the DLC
to binding of issac to all the consoles
which is just like oh I kind of want
that DLC but I kind of want that hundred
and ten percent first it's always a
whole thing it's a whole thing rich
here's my plane here Pikachu is gonna be
shit against Onix but man keys a little
hard so I switch over to Pikachu use a
potion on man key to get him and
fighting fit and basically then just let
Onix kill Pikachu so manky can come in
and start swinging right away without
Onix getting to hit on him that's my
plan that's that's my super elite
strategy toxic ground-type you might be
a ground table it's just a rock type it
doesn't okay I'm only using lesi then I
knew those questions were coming like
why would I switch over to Pikachu I
only switched over to Pikachu so I could
heal manky without losing a manky turn
jet can I can I be brutal can you be
brutal yeah yeah go ahead is it okay if
I know I mean like genuinely if I'm an
asshole
I mean you know usually do you do you
feel like you're directly taking action
when you do the attacks in Pokemon um do
I feel like I'm directly taking action
yes are you pulling the trigger oh I
like it I like where you're going with
this no no well actually you know what I
kind of do I kind of do feel like I'm
home it's really my kind of do okay so I
feel so removed from any of these texts
you know where rich is going with this
is that was my big that was my baby yes
I am complaining about well sir you know
Furby who didn't see you no that's what
that was my big complain about XCOM is
is I I felt very removed from all of the
action you're the commander you're just
telling the the players where to go and
where to shoot yeah and I don't know
what it is I feel more connected to
these tiny deformed children than to the
soldiers in X come
Lucca could have something to do with
the camera you know here you're always
kind of over the shoulder of the animal
you spent you spend a little more time
with the animal yeah but you're older
over the shoulder our necks calm when
you're when you're picking a target oh
sure but only when you're picking your
target other than that you're removed
but here in battle you are only over the
shoulder look up so that might have
something to do with it or or it just
could be like you know this is it you
know that nostalgia property feeling
where where I've played so much of it
now it's just momentum
but yeah like like I got I just got hit
by that onyx you hit my man key I felt
that hit and that's something I don't
feel when I play ex-con weird so I feel
nothing
well you know what I was playing nothing
oh of course of course that is weird
any just different different players
like different things you know you know
what it might be it might be the the
back and forth of the battle so you know
I get a Pokemon battle it's like I hit
they hit I hit they hit one on one right
but XCOM there's more and like you know
like I got my six soldiers and I got a I
got a place all my six soldiers and then
I hit him in a place and then they then
they move all of their four soldiers and
so there's maybe there's a little bit
more time in between cuz it's like like
this and other JRPGs either side of the
screen you've you've got a picture of
the oh yeah yeah picture the monster
thing fight the monster sure and it's
all fairly abstract we just hit the
button and then the number was changed
well yeah like that you know when when
my man key does his low kick I mean you
know the the sprite doesn't change he
just you know he just Wiggles a little
bit right
rich yeah oh sorry I thought you had
more oh no no oh yeah no no and I I'm
I'm reaching to explain it now and I
don't know if I have a good explanation
besides like I said you know the battles
are a little more straight back and
forth as far as like 'i wanna 1v1 you
versus an enemy you make a move they
make a movie you make a move they make a
move where when you're moving a whole
team it's you make a move and then you
make another move and then you adjust
that move a little bit and then you you
know and so there's there's a couple
more steps in there that might have
something to do with it maybe but those
steps are what make things interesting
and this is just taking terms punching
each other in the face that's a
wonderful way to put it
it is it is but you know it's that it's
that like fine-tuning of your of your
team movement that that's what drew me
out of it I just want to punch people in
the face
but by the way I think that's a really
fair point and I'm glad that you brought
it up that was not a jerk thing to bring
up I'm glad you brought it up it could
have seemed like a jerk thing well you
know if you woulda brought up like will
you know jag
if you don't you know yeah now you I
thought I think that's that's an
appropriate conversation ham because
because seemingly they are similar
what is bide to do Chad I forget no
doesn't matter I'm not gonna give it to
anyone anyway okay hmm
so I Bea Brok thanks to low kick
doot-doot oh yeah go through the rock
cave that's right just a good rock cave
no I have I have extra Pokemon that are
just sitting there I'll give flash to
one of them I'm gonna I'm gonna HM slave
it give him flash and cut and all that
what's the HM Stanfill hidden machine
hidden machine hidden machine and then
TMS are technical machines and they're
differently like I don't know why it's
called a hidden machine but yes and the
animation in most Pokemon games this is
a children's game that has been taken
over by 55 year old technical jargon why
would the hidden machine it just sounds
like something an adult would say well
55 year old men making the Pokemon
strategies they have their own industry
insider terms yeah yeah it's probably
true oh they're saying translation error
could have been a translation error you
know in the original Japanese it was you
know knowledge infuse their device also
they're actually called hidden machine
and technical machine in the game yeah
yeah
oh no that sounded like something of a
crazy obsessed fan base came up with Oh
Oh like it we just called an AJAX yeah
well this is the Pokemon is designed
specifically for the shoes we call her
an ATM machine oh yeah that would be
weird
oh wait wait things are getting real now
okay wait wait wait I gotta read I gotta
read my roles I think this is it I think
this is route where am I
hold on rich it might be happening here
you're Mew glitch thing yeah okay
might be happening where's my town map
here's my time I'll see if you need me
I'll be here playing checkers
you just put you just keep playing
checkers I'm gonna check my new glitch
thing
where's my mucilage thing okay
okay now I can I can get to that I can
get to Cerulean City first okay that is
where I'm heading next okay great route
24 great all right get out of here you
need to clear the bridge first right so
I can take out all these people right I
think
this video which bounces the second
badge the moment you get here you need
to clear the nugget bridge that leads up
to route 24 and that includes that cunt
hole blue do not fight anyone else yet
okay great so I can do I'll go there and
get to the bridge and then I'll keep
reading here we go here we go it's
happening

[Part III]
here we go it's happening lose my good
pokemons that was with my Pokemon said I
want on I don't have a lot of good
pokemons right now actually
so many pokemons I had to poop but now
I'm here
well welcome back the Rinat II I hope
your poop was a successful food I hope
that about all poops it's such a shame
when it's not no no I I really hope
Donald Trump has a series of
unsuccessful poops no that might make
him more insane oh that's gonna spiral
him down it's too late for that now to
to shame insanity
why don't I name my Pokemon use your
creative wild side because I like to
know what they're called I like I like
to know the real names I want I don't
want a team of Jeff and Darryl and your
dream puncher you know I'm on I want my
mirror and dream punch dream puncher of
a dream punch your motherfucker
do so
I don't know I never have I've ever you
know like maybe we're like 1/2 my very
first playthrough I started playing with
you know dream puncher and and face
eater and all the weird creative names I
could come up with and then and then
like I would play with a Pokemon like
face eater I really liked like oh yeah
face eater did great and then I'd go to
play again I was like Oh what kind of
Pokemon was face eater again I forget it
was phase either you know so then I just
started playing with the standard names
and then I remembered what they were and
that's a great story
yeah I know and I'm glad I do like
you're right so I'm thinking of
unsuccessful poops and and you not
wishing an unsuccessful poop on anybody
I I don't have an answer to this
question okay don't it's not like I'm
making a point I okay great what do you
wish on your worst enemy what's the
farthest you go as far as wishing bad
things upon your worst enemy death death
yeah because an unsuccessful - you could
well you know like I said in jest with
Trump but like you know like an
unsuccessful poop just makes someone
more irritated and that might make them
more dangerous you kind of love what how
this is all going I'm Pro death in all
sorts of fashions yep yeah oh yeah right
right to choose penalty euthanasia metal
all sort of from above 1979 all sorts of
Pro death
kill them all occasionally innocent
people get accused of crimes that's true
that's true
that's true by the way but this is the
system we have and and you want to help
fix that system I'm we're all with you
but this is the system I've always you
know I've always been keen on where did
I hear this well I've heard the idea of
a professional jury have you ever heard
that idea have we talked about this
before no make some amount of sense you
know it wants to be out of fucking jury
otherwise well and exactly and like what
if you're just like an idiot and like
you get to decide whether someone's
guilty or and I said but it's like what
if we can't it's like a professional
jury that was your job was to be
impartial and just you know follow the
law and you maybe maybe you don't live
in this community that you work in then
you don't need a jury you really just
need a judge you've eliminated the jury
at that point no because a judge you
know like there's you can never be 100%
impartial right and so you need you need
the varying you would have to have a
series of rotating jurors and it
wouldn't be the same people that do work
together all the time of course of
course yeah you just have you to have
you have a series of per foot but that's
just your job you are a professional
juror I would love that idea it's called
a court right
but all sorts of pro-death and you know
like that but that's the other thing
like you know what would I wish on my
worst enemy
like this is this is someone who is
wrong to me you know Donald Trump has
not wronged me I don't agree with his
policy decisions or his theoretical
policy decisions so I do not with I see
a couple people saying this I do not
wish death on Donald Trump I want to I
want to let everyone know that what if
he becomes president I still did you
death on him no I would still not wish
death on him if he could just horrible
stupid thing that would lead to war y3
and death he might do some horrible
stupid things but I still will not wish
death upon him I think it takes a lot
for someone for me to wish death upon
them and and he hasn't met those
standards yet see it's not about your
standards for homicide MA he has not met
my particular standards for homicide
okay okay I'm not saying that he won't
one day he's quite quite possibly could
one day advocating for the start of
those death camps that exist you know
right you'll get there his second time
no no I and I'm like I I don't wish now
its death camp time the Donald Trump
story right like India you know a lot of
people will get hyperbolic with just
like you know artists they don't like or
you know people who make youtube videos
I wish death on none of those people you
know real criminals child rapists I wish
death on them they're no good to anyone
have you heard about speaking of child
rapist I got it is this where we're
going tonight yeah all right great let's
do it Jared Fogle the subway guy oh sure
sure he well he wasn't he just had
pornography right sure I'm saying as far
as the court is concerned didn't you pay
to have sex with under people minors and
like like Thailand or something really
fucked up I have there's more I think
there was more to it than just him
having I have not been paying attention
to the Jared Fogle that's my that's my
honest I haven't been paying much
attention to it it's only in my head now
because I just read an article about
what's going on with him lately mm-hmm
and apparently he's gained 30 pounds in
prison okay because the prisoners oh
darn yeah who thought the famous child
molester was that big treated well in
prison and he's turned to like food to
fill the void and he's gained like 30
pounds in prison yeah it's beautiful
I find it ironic that he's getting his
just desserts that is beautifully ironic
yes about that pun is just no I was
getting I was right in the middle of
finishing a sentence and then I was
gonna comment on your on your on your
masterfully executed pun on Jared foam
Oh getting his just desserts yes but see
like even him like we were were unsure
if there was any you know physical
contact with him so it's like yeah even
him like no he doesn't even meet my
criteria for murder
for murdering someone else
don't you know fun no you should you
know there's there's very little people
you should waste death upon and city
because death is a real thing we're
gonna bring it down now we're gonna get
serious now okay love everyone else love
all love all your neighbors unless they
piss you off violence is always an
option it's not an option for
quadriplegics but otherwise I think it's
still an option for quadriplegics
they're just not very good at it well I
mean they might be better at you know
anything even like it they need help no
but you know violence usually just leads
to more violence which is why you need
to like that's why you need to murder
people within the system that's what
makes the death penalty's so great
you're doing it within the system like a
no oh it's cool everybody's cool with
this
some of this is jokes but no yeah I'm a
weird liberal I'm a liberal who's Pro
the death penalty which makes me a weird
liberal if you're if your attitude
towards politics is this is my side and
I'm going to go along with everything
they say right you're an idiot you're an
idiot who can't think for themselves
that we can agree on rich you know
there's not there's not just one side or
the other there you have to you have to
pick you have to be a oh god my brain
he's gone yeah I agree
you gotta move around varying degrees of
crazy
hey I defeated a bug catcher great
pretty good at beating bug catchers I'm
not cool with this yeah it gets you know
what the conversation gets weird
sometimes that's what happens we get
interesting sometimes if people can't
deal with adult topics with adults maybe
maybe you should go watch somebody play
pokemon our channel our channel has the
the warning on it before before you can
watch our channel if you're not a if you
don't have a twitch account which asks
for your birthday it will say like
warning this is you know there are
language and adult topics being
discussed are you sure you want to watch
this channel there's big warnings all
sorts of warnings
haochi uh yes rich but certain
worldviews lead to certain positions I'd
be hard-pressed to understand how a
humanist would endorse the death penalty
what's a humanist wrench put humanity
first sure here's how first one everyone
is equal no one is more equal than
others here's how I put humanity first
removing certain things from the gene
pool that's how I put humanity first
there are there are some people who are
who are not fit to provide anything to
the society and so they must be removed
from that society and obviously that
that's a terrible line you know because
then then you know you can you can
snowball that into well this person
doesn't mow their lawn every Sunday so
they they're not a good fit for society
but obviously like this is why I'm
saying I have a very specific I have a
high standard for those people that need
to be removed from society but I
actually don't have a very strong
position on the death penalty oh yeah
yeah okay I would want to be dead
certain that the person you're killing
though is definitely guilty you know
that's that's the tough part there can't
be any doubt yeah cuz you'll hear are
like you know twenty years after the
pact new evidence found and somebody's
exonerated right absolutely
it happens it does it does happen it
does happen a lot but that like all that
calls into question is just literally
our entire justice system sure and and
and this is what we got we got evidence
we got juries the the theory in our
justice system is this wonderful thing
which is you know
innocent until proven guilty you don't
you don't even need to you don't need to
prove that someone is innocent they need
to prove it they're guilty right and I
think this is why I was talking about
professional jurors I think many jurors
don't understand that then that someone
doesn't need to prove that they were
innocent and unfortunately yeah it leads
to a lot of wrongful convictions like
there was a couple I have heard that
they've actually had a harder time
getting people convicted of crimes in
recent years because they're used to the
current crime shows and they're they're
looking for this hard hard super hard
evidence with the the the enhance
enhance enhance it enhancing that
doesn't exist right so I've actually
heard that because jurors are dumb
convictions are going down because
they've watched too much TV I would
believe that because Jen I mean if
that's what it's called that would make
a lot of sense yeah well I can go the
other way too like there was you for
watching I'm gonna forget what this show
is called so it's one of those like true
crime shows where it's not a real case
okay and and you know it was his husband
whose wife went missing and he and the
wife were having some problems and there
were some rumors that you know he was
cheating on her and shortly after she
went missing he hooked up with a hot
younger woman right yeah so of course
she did it so of course he did it and
and here's the problem is
nobody has found a body yet yeah so they
couldn't even prove that the wife was
dead right and he still got convicted
interesting and you watch this and I
mean even the way they frame the
interviews with him the man looks guilty
you know he's just got that he's got
that look all over him but they there
was no there's no body there was no
blood there was no nothing based on
nothing but circumstantial evidence they
could they convicted him of murdering
his wife that's insane right why why
would I want a jury of my peers when my
peers are fucking idiots oh Jesus Christ
can I not have average people can I have
educated people please this is what if
you're jurors Bob he dropped out and
fifth grade he will be determining your
fate he dropped out of school at 5th
grade and and and for the past 40 years
has been polishing the soup cans the
important job you know the soup canes
needs to be polished but he will be he
will be looking over all of this hard to
understand evidence he recently lost his
job but he's very bitter very very
bitter also he told me he doesn't like
your haircut
not just that actually that does not get
him excused from the jury yeah it's just
you know something you should know maybe
you should get a haircut he doesn't like
it he told me I don't know why he told
me that it seems like a really
inappropriate thing to say to the judge
because I'm the judge by the way I'll
take a jury of stupid peers who don't
have anything to do with me over
intelligent people who are part of a
system that wants to see me convicted
we need people outside the system to be
the jury and I think that's a fair point
MC Lucas the the problem is the jury of
your peers has a want to not be there
you know they got work to do they got
family at home they they don't want to
sit in a room and determine the real
facts of the case they want to go home
and that's no way to get justice F
Roddick Asst sent us a tip I wanted to
know I have either view been called into
jury duty and if you haven't would you
be prepared when / if that happens yes I
I have been you've been in a jury well I
think I was called to go I didn't
actually get on the jury and I'm kind of
glad okay that was a statutory rape
thing yeah yeah I know I've had to call
in once I have I've gotten the summons
once and I said you need to call in on
this day and then we'll tell you if you
need to come in and I called I called it
on that day and I said you don't gotta
come in and that was it and that was it
only happened once and that was like 20
years ago i sat in the room for like ten
hours terrible it was terrible yeah
right now jury jury duty for those who
don't know I know we have
and international audience jury duty in
America is a joke it is a is a
well-recognized joke amongst everyone
because it wastes your time and these
are the people that we are entrusting
with our lives but the people who sit in
a room for ten hours and then are upset
and they called me into a room their
selection and they ask me if one of the
questions was you trust police I said no
I told pretty much the end of it they
they asked you who trusts the police
something along those lines huh and I I
don't I don't sure
and says it no I think some other people
become police because they're they're
basically bullies and they get to have
badge and they get to they get to feel
like they're the big dog I think I think
suburban police are fucking useless for
the most part I'm sure there are
exceptions I think there are shades of
grey I had
shades of grey rich when uh when I used
to be you know fire sprinkler fitter I
got laid off and financially things
weren't great for me my unemployment was
running out and I had a I had a truck
that wasn't running anymore okay and I
really couldn't afford to get the truck
fixed or get the new plates for it and
just a broken truck sitting there and
you know the cops started writing
tickets for not having current plates
sure sure
and I made arrangements to get rid of
the truck but the people who were gonna
pick the truck up it's gonna be like a
day or two before they could get there
to tow it away so I I went over to the
police station in person like here's a
situation I know I got this truck and
the plates aren't current and you know
you grow a couple tickets on it I could
afford the tickets at that point you
know I was fuckin broke I'm like right
made arrangements to get rid of the
truck could you please just you know
just let it sit there for a couple days
it's not give me another ticket form and
I went home the next morning five
tickets just because you could say I
went in there and asked them not to put
well you can't tell me what to do I'm a
cop
well like five fucking tickets broke
broke man lost his job couldn't afford
to even get his truck fixed five tickets
I don't I don't think I was done being
bullies I think that was then because
that was them being lazy they said oh I
can fill a ticket quota and I know
exactly where to go without wasting my
time I'll just go they're just a
different kind of asshole yeah not
calling them bullies calling lazy
yeah and yeah obviously I don't think
the police are there to look out for you
and to protect the community depends
there are a lot of them that aren't all
right I know that was a that was a
constant debate after after the farm me
and my family went to the suburbs which
was a big adjustment for us as the
suburbs are a weird place but that's
where the good schools were so we went
to the suburbs and there was a big
there's a big to-do in the suburbs about
what was it the the cops the cops had
pulled someone over it was it you know
it was it was a very ridiculously
stereotypically white suburbs incredibly
white and the cops had pulled over a
group of black teenagers you know in a
beat-up car in suburbs and and the town
was talking about the next day you know
half the town was saying racial
profiling
how dare how dare you pull over a car
full of black teenagers and you know the
cops were saying well you know we found
we found some drugs in the car so
obviously it was a good stop to make and
you know you you there was oh there was
a lot of back-and-forth between everyone
as far as racial profiling is concerned
and I think that there were some there's
some decent arguments on both sides you
know one the the one argument that
everyone kept saying is you know this it
was a middle-class neighborhood white
neighborhood and it was a beat-up car
and in a group of black teenagers and so
I was like oh that that something
obviously was wrong because they were in
our neighborhood that was their actual
justification rich yeah and and you just
you just have to think too so like did
you just hear what you said it was
terrifying and like yeah that was the
cops justification was I pulled them
over because something wasn't right I I
have known many police officers and yet
most of them I think most of them are
actually looking to help I do think
there are some dickheads and I do think
there are some that just are dumb I
don't know any better
and just saying obviously obviously
something's wrong why are the black
people in a white neighborhood and then
and you just say do you hear the words
you're you're saying to yourself I think
the kind of people who are usually
attracted to positions of power are the
last people who should have power put
policeman or politician okay you know I
laugh because it's true I laugh because
it's true jack has many police officers
I you know I've known I've known many
police officers I know Pikachu fainted
the fun ones I know I know a couple
people who work with the the DEA the
Drug Enforcement the stories they tell
they're fun guys
fun guys
Valarie that's rich that's a bit of a
paradox yes that's why humanity is awful
that's why we're fucked you know we're
not simple creatures you know you know
that
I have similar Casper Casper says I have
similar ideas about Gynaecologists why
are so many men why are there so many
men who want to touch vaginas I'm sure
most of them just want to help women
that's a good Casper like that one I
like that I'm sure I'm sure mostly
they're in it for the money
I am sure they I'm sure after a while of
a Jen as a vagina and they just like
getting paid a doctor's salary for a
while I'm sure it's just a smelly thing
you have to shove your finger in do Oh
God
well I guess depending on who's yeah but
but oh god it's horrible what is growing
down here all my Jesus Christ I never
want to see another one of these again
it shouldn't look like that I'm not
attracted to men sexually but I don't
want to see another vagina I see him at
work all the time oh Jesus Christ
I'm gonna I'm gonna puke somebody's
whose yeah they're picturing a series of
like 20 year old women with hot bodies
ecologist you know what grandma grandma
needs to see the gynecologist to it's
the young people who think they're
immortal that but avoid that kind of
thing Oh Africa Atticus I'm sorry I'm
sorry I didn't forget to read that last
donation I'm
I'm in Pokemon rich and I are talking
about weird things and drinking and I do
apologize if I miss your tip make sure
to remind me Afric F Road tickets f
Radhika's says if there were more cops
out there like space cop would the world
be a better place
oh well it might be a better place
because there would be a significantly
lower population but I'm significantly
lower active crime-fighting I'm just
looking at the chat with Chad is like oh
my god rich stop fridge I just ate so
how about that Ghostbusters trailer
did you see rich the International cut
of the girls no it's gonna be a bad
movie when we're done with that we're
done with ghostbusters Karen the trailer
yeah she's excited about what yeah she's
excited about it about what a movie why
I don't know rich I don't care she
thinks it looks fun rich
you gotta reevaluate some life choices
here man it's fine it's fine you know
it's a movie yeah yeah it's a movie we
gotta we gotta take into account you
know tastes how you gonna raise your
children man what ghostbusters are you
gonna raise your children these are the
important questions
there will be no children at the
inevitable after the inevitable nuclear
war well mr. Injuns that's true
brick break up with her the chats were
the chats saying deal-breaker here's I
guess here's what I will say not to
defend her because that that training
that looks terrible it does it does
there's no I mean there's no getting
around it
it is still possible that the
Ghostbusters remake is good it is not
probable but it is possible right
anything's possible how good does a
movie have to be though when it's when
it's effectively trying to take the
place of an all-time great film if if
you are making if you are remaking a
great film you need to at least be as
good well to be better if you're
otherwise it's just a waste of time yeah
yeah you need to be better and here's
what I'm saying and it's not the
Ghostbusters is super dated the movie
holds up oh sure well but here's what
I'm saying in the you know in our vast
universe that we live in and our
wonderful vast universe it is possible
that the Ghostbusters remake will be
better than Ghostbusters I'm not sure
what that would take I'm not saying it's
probable I'm not even saying it's likely
I'm not even saying it's it's a little
bit likely it is possible the the
trailer though is what we can talk about
now and the trailer is bad it's just it
the jokes fall flat they spend too much
time discussing the characters trailer
if it's successful just just just wait
for that that Back to the Future reboot
with Native American Indians
sure just wait for that why not why not
check your thing some things are just
impossible no no no anything's possible
this is quantum physics right anything
is possible with enough time not
probable not likely but we need to
reserve we need to reserve judgment for
the actual movie until we see the movie
all we have to go on now is a trailer
and the trailers bad I'm not and I'm not
saying it upsets me that she likes it
she's free to like whatever she want fun
you know maybe made me start thinking
about an exit strategy yes I don't know
you know I can't see it this weekend I'm
gonna spend some time
remaking et with disabled seniors
it's called cocoon is great Steve
Guttenberg old people it's nothing but
great I was having trouble think of
another classic just off the top my head
ping brain shut down and my brain shut
down brain shut down how the story ends
what is another class well you last time
you met you mentioned Casablanca yep yep
I think they could remake Casablanca but
you know me in older movies I don't like
him
what about Citizen Kane oh yeah I don't
like Citizen Kane you know that that's
that's fine but is it remake proof
yes look up I think I think any and and
someone is going to prove me wrong as
soon as I say this but I think any movie
that is literally in a textbook to teach
people how to make movies should be
exempt from any remakes that's that's
gonna be my rule right Citizen Kane is
the textbook the Chinatown is in
textbooks but but then again yeah The
Shining The Shining is in textbooks
did they really well I guess they turn
that into a miniseries they turn that
into a TV miniseries so that doesn't
count
no remake Casablanca Casablanca little
mopey Casablanca Levine you know take
place in somebody's safe space and it
won't be World War two it'll be some
kind of like your Twitter war of all of
all the chat rooms and all the web she
had to log in to mine www.narang.com to
stand up thank you everybody heard that
time to stand up everybody - oh so rich
while I stand up other kin yes
is that one word or two I'm not sure
okay this sounds like something I'm not
gonna like I'm standing up now oh it's
hysterical
oh great do I need another beer for this
I want to talk about it at length
okay hold it yeah you you start
preparing your whatever you're talking
about
sweet Jesus Christ okay I am now ready
to learn what an other kin is is it is
it is it like an orc is it like a token
it could be okay great like a a furry
would be somebody who like really likes
rabbits right jack a furry furry like
the people who dress up in the costumes
yes
now imagine somebody who says they
really are a rabbit but they're trapped
in a human's body they are a rabbit or a
fox or sometimes a dragon or sometimes a
fictional character I am really Oliver
Twist I I am it's insane this it's it's
it's literally insane and this is this
is a mental condition that people have
it's a mental condition that some people
like to believe they have and you know
like I don't want to be like a I don't
want to be like a bedroom prude uh-huh
you know like you you want it you want
you want your special lady to call you
Oliver Twist's you you you believe you
are Oliver Twist spiritually
oh yeah well this is what this is what
I'm getting at is I'm saying like you
know you wanna you want to like with
your group of friends at your house with
your lady Oliver Twist it would probably
be something that's like popular like I
am I don't know the last airbender
Richie Rich is the Last Airbender okay
come with you mmm-hmm this is all I'm
saying it's like you know you want to
call yourself the last airbender with
your group of friends here you want your
lady to to save you
Oh baby you been dare you you go right
ahead like see everybody should feel
free to do that but they they do this
like in public I don't really know how
is this work online you need to you need
to explain a little bit more I don't
quite understand the other can i it's
not like i'm it's not like I have a PhD
you told me you were going to explain
hey that's best I can
something I heard about recently oh my
god my ass is an airbender you bend my
ear oh yeah I don't they want every
person to refer to them as their
bullshit persona oh well yeah that's
yeah I guess that's just not gonna
happen that's fine how about that
Pokemon I love Pokemon doing great yeah
you know defeating bug catcher is not a
big deal not a huge deal just beating
bug catchers I gotta make it through a
cave I forgot about this bullshit cave I
know it's the chat just went to
subscribers only vote that's probably a
good call thank you thank you mods why
can't people handle talking about things
well and you know it's a rough it's it's
rougher for our mods cuz I'm sure many
people are joking but then you know like
well how do you know who's joking and
the chance something we've talked about
incessantly yep I want to talk about
things that I find interesting or weird
I don't like that I like doing that you
know it's this is this is weird it's
it's weird some people I see some people
in the chat saying that they want
everyone to call them that and I guess
like to me it's just not a big deal
because like you know if it was
something like let's say I'm at a
gathering of people right and and one of
those people says hi I'm I'm Geodude and
I say Geodude that's a funny name and
and he goes no no I am a Geodude the
Geodude is a Pokemon by the way rich
okay I I was really confused at first
yeah yeah
Geodude is a Pokemon and and I was like
oh you are a Pokemon and he's like yeah
I identify as as a rock-type pokémon
Geodude and then I would say oh okay and
then I would leave that person and never
I mean unless like I could sense it was
a joke like maybe it was a joke right
and so then you know you just never talk
to that person again and then if every
same person just never talks to that
person again the problem to solve
because then they just don't talk to
anyone don't bother anyone and it's
great so I don't know I guess maybe just
doesn't sing it doesn't strike me as
that big a deal the other can thing if
this is their thing if this is someone I
knew like a friend of mine like you rich
oh yeah that's not gonna happen
no not gonna have you saying like let's
say I'm just trying to I'm just this is
mister seven-year-olds rich what kind of
animal would you want to be fuck off
fuck off that's what animal I wanna be
I'm trying to imagine a world in which
in which a friend of mine says from now
on I would like for you to refer to me
as an orc as an oral ty I feel like I'm
an arou Kai born in a rich Evans body
uh-huh
and if you my friend said that to me I
you know I'd go along with it
I don't think I could you don't think
you'd get too weird I think I'd say you
need professional help you know it would
get to that but you can't you can't
start off with that because then it's
combative and so you know you go along
with it and then you slowly move them
towards the nuthouse nothing that house
you know it's as long as you don't I
don't know I
this is where my liberal mist comes in
my gay as long as you don't hurt anyone
else
fuck do whatever you want you hurting
anyone else now this do it if you want I
don't have to respect it oh no you don't
have to respect it um I'm not gonna call
you Jackrabbit that's not gonna happen
you're not gonna call me Jackrabbit
but I would but I'm your friend and I
want you to call me jack I'd like it no
you know people get nicknames people get
nicknames all the time we're talking us
beyond nickname now if you tell me
you're a woman mm-hmm traffic now that's
a different beast because that actually
is a medical thing hmm but I I think if
you have some kid yet that's going
around saying I I self-identified as a
hamster what that person is doing is
they're making like somebody transgender
look like an idiot and they're not gonna
be taken seriously because some other
idiots running around using that type of
language I guess you know yeah I can see
it's actually harmful to people with
real issues I can do with you
oh yeah I can be with you then no no no
now you know you want to be supportive
you want to be you want to be there to
help people but at the same time you
don't want to encourage people who think
they're a hamster I love that that's my
favorite man you're pretty I mean I'm
not saying you're not a hamster I'm just
saying you're a pretty big hamster you
know I don't think hamsters are normally
that big this is you know that's just
what I'm saying I am NOT I'm not pleased
that I know what an other kin is now
this is not information that I needed in
my life you asked I did you know what
yes I did ask I don't know what I was
expecting I'll be honest with you I
don't know what I was expecting I this
kind of information is not anything I
needed in my brain this helps this does
not help me in my everyday life
this will this takes up valuable space
I'm sure I lost some great fact about
something because I learned that
I there we go if someone thinks they're
a cat they need help
reality exists and you got to accept
that that's the adult answer to give
yeah
yeah I mean like then well but see
that's the thing about like as far as I
say about like like not hurting anyone
you know someone someone comes up to you
and says I'm a kitty cat
here's your deposit receipt yeah because
they work at a bank you go okay great
that was weird my banker thinks that
they're a kitty cat
whatever I still got my deposit receipt
so my life isn't right I guess right and
so you know that's fine every nothing in
my life has changed except for my banker
me out at me then that's unusual but
like let's say you go to the bank and
you want to deposit your check and your
banker who thinks they're a cat is
taking a nap because cats sleep a lot
and then and then you say well I would
like to pause my chicken and then you
know like someone else's well they can't
help you right now they are actually a
cat and cats need to sleep a lot and it
would be it would be rude it would be a
sensitive it's actually like you can't
wake them up because they are a cat and
then then then it's just like well fuck
you I'm at a bank I'm at a meta people
business now you know so it's like there
are varying degrees call yourself
whatever you want to call yourself
that's fine as long as I can still get
stuff done you do what you do you and
that's that's my official view right at
most you can carry six pokeballs that's
great
how about that Pokemon I know I just I
just love it rich I just love that
Pokemon that get flash I don't have it
to go through a cave and I don't have
flash how do you get flash did I miss it
proxy proxy Clem says what an awful
conversation I feel terrible
no you shouldn't you shouldn't feel
terrible apparently this is something
that's happening in the real life but
you know I don't know how much it's
happening everything's the same so how's
this Mew thing going somewhere you're
working on now yeah I'm still working on
that meeting okay so here's the question
yeah here's the Pokemon a related
question will I be able to get him you
tonight I think so I think I'm on track
to get him you tonight it's gonna be a
little later than I was expecting but I
was fine how does this work what are you
doing to get him you so I need to get to
the next city area yeah I need to beat a
bunch of trainers but you know that
should be no big deal come and then I
need to do some very specific things and
I'll pull up the there's there's a
there's a picture here I need to do some
very specific things like including like
saving my game and closing out of it at
a certain time and it's all mapped out
here oh my god it's it's crazy it's
absolutely fucking crazy the things I
have to do to get the Moo to make like
the glitch work perfectly because it's a
glitch coded into the game but here's
the important question range yeah
Magikarp
magic card magic carp like the fish
magic carp okay so right now I could buy
a Pokemon for $500 uh-huh I have enough
money to buy it
uh-huh this is a Pokemon that you can
get later in the game for free
everywhere uh-huh and it's also a
Pokemon that's useless
oh well why is this a question bit well
I'm getting to that
so this Pokemon is useless until like
its it's a fish it's literally a carp
it's called a Magikarp and it's a it's a
fish but if I start training it now its
next form it evolves into a giant
fucking dragon but all the time while
it's a fish it does nothing and so you
just have to throw the fish out take the
fish back and throw in another Pokemon
and it's a big hassle but eventually you
get a giant dragon shad saying catch one
don't do it No
you don't want me that you don't want me
to buy one I could buy this one and
train it while I'm going through the
bridge I it's one of those things about
about the evolution does not work that
way good night that's true it's one of
those things about this game you know
it's it's a late later in the game you
get a fishing pole and you can catch a
million magikarps but then you have to
wait even longer to get your giant
dragon
I'm gonna do it it's it's not gotta buy
them all I know but I could I am I'm
gonna buy it now start training it now I
got a magic card great boom
so I want to give it a nickname fuck now
I'm a Magikarp
it's a fucking useless fish that I'm
gonna train into a Gyarados it's gonna
be awesome it's gonna be awesome
useless fish
yeah I know Gyarados isn't as good as
dratini but you don't get dratini until
way later in the game yeah yeah so I can
so I can have a gyarados now or a
dratini way later in the game where it
doesn't matter anymore
rich is with me on this one he
understands yes old edges have to do
that thing that the carbon dragon turn
dragon into a yes yeah now we're gonna
throw bullshit cave these caves are
bullshit
oh that's right I have a Caterpie oh
shit I forgot about that and I love
butter free butter Frese a great Pokemon
not a great Pokemon is the Pokemon I
enjoy babbling with my cat appeases fuck
rich all these things that are very
important to you uh-huh
right now I have do you enjoy your game
I just I'm here to make comments I'm
veena gallery I have several Pokemon
right now that are basically useless
that I need to that I need to level up
and it's probably not gonna happen very
fast and you're gonna do that music yeah
that's what I'm doing right now I'm
going through a cave as soon as I get
out of the cave I'll be in them get the
Mew area and that's the important part
get them you area that's what we're
going for
what what
how many shuttlecraft does the
enterprise-d carry I looked it up it was
37 1 so last night I had the very last
thought I had before falling asleep was
how many shuttlecraft does the
enterprise-d carry and it's 37 oh the
enterprise-d carries 37 shuttlecraft
rich
I learned something recently the
shuttlecraft you see on the show yeah
that's not the main shuttle bay it's
supposedly just it's just a minor little
shuttle thing I said somebody had like a
3d mock-up of the enterprise-d they were
walking around and the main shuttle bay
which we never seen is comically huge
but we never see it we never see it and
then we see it out of a window once it's
it's it's it's comically huge yeah
why do we never see it just because
that's budgets billion dollars to build
yep yes or you just you just right the
ship so that it has a smaller shuttle
bay in the first place I don't get it
but that's the event the real thing
alright Chad I've decided I'm not going
to raise my Caterpie this is very
important for you to know I know
so Caterpie is a really great Pokemon to
get early in the game because Caterpie
eventually involve evolves into a
butterfly or a Butterfree or however you
want to say it and i Butterfree is a
great Pokemon because it's a bug slash a
psychic-type pokémon and a psychic-type
pokémon games were incredibly
overpowered and so if you get if you get
a Pokemon who knows a psychic attack you
can do a lot of damage to a lot of
enemies and so Caterpie was the go-to
Pokemon because it evolves really
quickly into a Butterfree and Butterfree
can learn psychic which would be great
the only problem is I'm already gonna
get a a okay what's a comb for the Abra
I'm already gonna get an Abra to do the
mute glitch and Moo is going to be my
psychic type and that's the only thing
that matters so I don't need a psychic
type because I'm going to get one when I
give you so why would I care about
raising a bug psychic type which will be
weak by comparison
so give hey how about how about we just
get real everybody saw a video on
YouTube did somebody was building the
enterprise-d and minecraft okay like
they had that they had the skeletal
structure of it and that thing is
impressively big I'm assuming it was in
Minecraft scaled to the Minecraft guy
sure comically giant shit
because you know the carparks enterprise
pretty big it's not small tiny is that
tiny thing hmm
I think the DS like three times size the
classic enterprise Oh at least twice
oh yeah I think like maybe that's
something people don't get just because
they're not I mean are they ever seen
together
classic enterprise indeed no but we know
what their sizes are supposed to be but
I think like seeing them together would
have been really powerful just to show
you how big he is
it wouldn't have I don't know why the
fuck they never did it but they didn't I
know this classic was supposed to be you
know like destroyed or something billion
times over remember the episode where
they had the the the war games the mock
battle I think it was the same episode
with a wonder strategist guy played that
game with data the strategy game but you
member the plot of that episode
there was some old ship and they were
gonna fix it up and they're gonna have
like a mock-up battle with Riker on this
this old jakey Federation ship against
the you know the enterprise-d Oh
originally the ship Riker was fixing up
was gonna be a Constitution class but
they changed their mind for whatever
reason at the last minute they actually
redub some of the dialogue with the
Constitution class yeah so you almost
saw the D on on screen with a Kirk style
Constitution class ship but it never
happened
do you think they were still working on
like getting out of that shadow like we
don't even want it we don't even want to
talk about the original I don't know
rich is getting his constellation class
episode mistaken well maybe I apologize
if I've got the wrong episode rich you
are thinking of the first episode with
the Stargazer Oh Oh rich get your facts
straight I'm horrible oh my god you call
yourself a nerd fake nerd rich that's
what you are get it together
bardin the off switch says rich likes
the D cuz it's big yeah yeah everybody
likes to be oh I get it the penis joke
yeah or maybe it's a boobs joke what
could be a boobs joke no you need two of
them
oh sure like the DS or the double D's
sure okay all right you're him
probably a dick joke I mean he had
double D's and some time travel episode
and she'd see him to enterprises boom
boom there you go
it was rare occurrence in one of your
best of the worst I saw you had a horse
ninja comic was that real or just a prop
cover it's a cover over a real comic was
pretty Williams episode right um
it was in that episode I don't think it
was for that though it was what did he
make the horse ninja comic or I can't
remember when I was the comic-book guy
but do we make the issue that or did I
just we just come up with a horse ninja
coming for that the idea of that
I want to say it's from the amazing
spider-man 2 review but I make so many
videos I don't know I could be wrong was
it was did did was pretty Williams on a
half in the bag well he was up it was
not a best of the worst but that wasn't
what we made I don't think that was what
we made that issue for the prop right I
think the problems made for a half in
the bag yeah yeah I want to say it was
made for the amazing spider-man 2 review
but I could be wrong
alright yeah I think you're right it was
the last comic book idea and Mike wanted
did Mike come up with it was he trying
to steal it for me I don't remember I
don't remember have Alzheimer's you make
so many videos yes I know I know Freddie
Williams had it and best of the worst I
don't think we made the physical proper
that though I think it was lying around
and so we just used it I think but I've
I've been wrong before
no I think you had him make it up for I
think you shot that half in the bag
around the time he was in town for best
the worst
and so you hey you just you know you're
talking about comics and he said I oh I
can make that up
well that's my drawing he drew it he
drew a person in a fan art later on
oh is that in but that on that issue is
heaven that's definitely my my drawing
Oh
way there Tiberius Kirk is is fixing
your mistakes with your Star Trek dock
and that's more important obviously the
battle from season 1 with peak
performance with season 2 but he's right
that Picard ship was supposed to be a
constitution class that he was going to
use to fight the enterprise-d he was
under mind control from the Ferengi they
realized the model in his ready room
could be his ship we're done talking
rich can draw a little bit yeah we can
draw a little bit better than better
than me probably but I think you need to
be a lot better than me before you can
brag about it um I don't know you know
you got enough you got enough where you
could draw something and it looks like
the thing you want it to look like you
could you can say I'm about to draw a
horse ninja and you draw that and it
looks like a horse ninja you know but
then Freddie Williams draws a horse in
jet it makes mine look like shit well of
course yes he is a much better artist
drawler yes but that does not mean you
are a bad driver I would still say you
are a good drummer Oh controller how
about that Pokemon I'm going through a
cave I just fought a super nerd i won
I'm winning battles
get your fucking mule I'm working rich
if you have better things to do you can
go and I will get my mule and silence
and that'll be fine it's beautiful I
want to take a fucking walk it's
beautiful out and for Wisconsin in March
that is a very rare thing exactly it
needs to be enjoyed now yes
you won't get it tonight I'm gonna get
there I should be able to get through
this cave relatively quickly saying it's
gonna take hours you think I don't know
I've never got I've never I don't know
what a Mew is there's only a cat it
looks a lot like a cat I'll be honest
with you it looks a lot like a cat it's
like you can't it's like a psychic can
never take ours and fuck it then now go
bed well I'm gonna run away from this
Geodude okay great
so like a mule's
a meow no a meow is is a straight up cat
but a Meowth is a normal-type and it
shoots money what a normal-type be like
a Mountain Cat yeah it's like a normal
cat that's what I'm saying
it shoots up money yeah that's one of
that's that's that's an attack that
Meowth can learn is it throws money your
money no I in fact it cost you money
didn't the meow takes your money and
throws it at the other Pokemon it's
that's a real thing but money why would
you want that
well it's it's a decent attack and
normal Atty normal type attacks are
strong against certain other types of
pokémon
and and in this game especially as you
go on money becomes useless you have so
much money that you don't know what to
do with it so
it's a fine but but mu is this is a rare
psychic-type pokémon and we're just
worried we're gonna start wrong I'm
gonna start reading now subscriber names
are you getting ready to call it or you
just get no I'm calling yep if they say
I'm hours away I won't finish this
tonight and and so then I'm just going
to go to bed so we have mm-hmm and I and
rich cannot read the names cuz I assumed
you did or did you turn your twat Ron oh
no no I didn't think that's alright so
just gonna be me
dr. soya neighs huggy snuggle moon front
sixteen months in a row
Alvin Fox ginga's Borgnine sixteen
months in a row John B 8 2015 months in
a row Lloyd beets 18 months in a row
Robert what fraud dead throw dead did
but that's just gonna be a weird one for
a Dipity Bunga Doug 18 months in a row
mud Ron bad gamer
Korean we're gonna protect Izzy with
Batman voice we're going down to the you
know I've seen a lot of think pieces
lately on the dynamic between Batman and
Superman rich uh I've been reading about
the Batman Superman relationship and it
gets me even more not excited for Man of
Steel - that's my Batman voice I've read
nothing about their their relationship
movie I assume they're not gonna like
each other at first and then they're
gonna team up and they're gonna work
with each other and learn that it's
valuable to work with each other
that's kind of what I imagine is gonna
happen
yeah right on the nose they're rich
remember that kind of superhero team-up
stir your stick up in the comic books
were the heroes fight for a bit and then
they team up against greater threat
right everybody hates cuz it's overused
yes it's gonna be a movie now we're
spending millions of dollars to do it
now they're doing that thing that like
people got right and nailed like ten
years ago
we're like yeah we're all done with that
Batman voice that was Batman voice
licorice and shreddies 18 months in a
row cuido 15 months in a row
Tom Lewandowski 17 months in a row my
name is Tate oh my god I'm so sorry
about that
those awful noises you just heard things
were coming out of my throat I am got
Skyy dandy 17 months in a row no fear no
Envy 13 months in a row F wrote no we
just did this one yeah Tosh's Rochas f
ro @ osius f ro I like that F Rohit
osius I don't know if that is your
actual name but I'm just gonna call you
afro at osius three new D 1597 pigeons
six one five Fionna
so Oz Mike 14 months in a row and stray
lost idiot thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated it's true we really
do it's true we really do yes and for
anyone who's confused I see in the chat
some people might be confused we have a
little tool here given to us by leftover
beefcake which compiles everyone who
subscribed to us during the stream so we
don't have to break into conversations
every time someone subscribes and we are
thanking them for making the stream
possible it's due 91 says I missed you
oh my god I did I missed some people oh
I forgot to scroll up rich I did it I
forgot SAS nice cross stew 91 also huggy
snuggle huggy snuggle one of my favorite
names also moon front for 16 months in a
row also Alvin Fox so sorry for
forgetting you I mean I am I failed kind
of maybe a little I failed as a streamer
what's
