Apr 3, 2016
Stardew Valley, FTL: Faster Than Light
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/69289974
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/69290342
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/69290529
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/69290868
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpfIGjfYFjo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3oQ4Un7PCE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKO_E9CVTjI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbGI_t7NyPs
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/716710852141916162

[Part I]
I hope it's true I'd expect to see like
a ton of me me me or whatnot oh we're in
a massive delay here massive delay I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna pick cat or
dog then cuz I'm gonna I'm gonna wait
like like five minutes before I find out
if everyone wants a cat or a dog I'm
going with the dog before that cat you
know cuz it's completely fucking useless
anyway all right that's fine
do they have balding
Mohawk it's not really the same thing
not getting some fucking Dragon Ball Z
here I'll tell you that holds this
I'm not sold on these hairs I'm just not
oh my god the Jessica Rabbit fucking
what do we have that's where we're at
fairly boring but that's fine that's
fine
sure I can't get feedback as the chat is
so delayed hey if we're not with a
Punisher shirt I'm going to assume
that's the skull pants color black then
it has to be black right
all right we're the Punisher we're
basically the Punisher
you guys want to see the intro I can't
get feedback as I'm probably not eight
minute delay
sure why not we want to see the intro
it's a grandfather my very special
grandson I want you to have this sealed
envelope okay no no to open it you guard
have patience which tackle reject is a
good grandfather now listen close that
will come in today when you feel
Anonymous is rich I hate to point out
the elephant in the room but the Chad
wants to know what's happened let's come
true love gone and your bright spot will
fade before yada-yada
when that happens my boy you'll be ready
for this bush turtle the wise says rich
you look awesome
could you tell me approximately when the
next commentary I would be happy with a
month of release just so I Revenge of
the ninja for the first time it was
amazing
the next commentary will actually had to
be redone there was an audio issues
there will be a next commentary alright
we're working our horrible office job a
job Oh sound
all right I'm going to minimize after
the cutscenes and I'm gonna turn down
the the Oh My gods
look I don't I don't remember if Jack
were here he'd he just said before we
straight rich you you turned down that
that sound and the mixer you turn it
down oh wait I can do it no all right
here we go hold tab mixer go tubes turn
it down now that might turn the game
audio down to I'm not a hundred percent
sure let me know of the game sound is
awful what's the brand father I have to
actually highlight over it what is this
oh my god I missed the first part of
that letter was Jackson if you're
reading this you must be in dire need of
a change the same thing happened to me
is long ago I'd lost sight of what
mattered most in life real connections
with other people in nature so I dropped
everything and moved to the place I
truly belong anonymous says rich did you
get a new hat something seems different
today and while you I think I've worn
this once before this is my gateway
Grizzlies hat like I said I'm just
trying to wear some of my weird minor
and independent league hat hats that
I've collected at ballparks I've gone to
and is the gateway Grizzlies they play
in the st. Louis area not in the city
itself
turtle the wisest rich could you make me
a balloon animal you guys are great
why would you want me to make you a
balloon animal that doesn't make any
sense
all right I read that part before dear
Lloyd beads I read that part before I've
enclosed the deed to that place my pride
and joy gobbledygook farm it's located
in stardew valley on the southern coast
it's the perfect place to start your new
life this was my most precious gift of
all and now it's yours
I know you'll honor the family name my
boy
good luck love grandpa
yes Lewis is still alive say hi to the
old guy for me William and we never we
never will we never will I've played
through most of this game we're never
gonna honor our grandfather's wish to
tell his old friend he said hello Lewis
is gonna spend the rest of his life
thinking that grandpa just did not give
a shit about him Anonymous's are you
voting on Tuesday can you give us some
tips for voting and info on political
stuff going on in Milwaukee I don't
really feel like talking about political
stuff today don't really feel like it
this is this is a very depressing
election cycle I I think we're gonna be
I think our options this election are
gonna be bad and worse it's gonna be the
most miserable thing
Turtle Elias says I met Jack
sorry balloon animals still requested be
well Jack's not here Jack's not here
okay oh you must be the lady I'm not
gonna do voices cuz I'm terrible at
voices I can do I can do like three good
voices and unless we want everybody to
have the same three voices it's not
gonna work
it's just local carpenter I read what
you're saying same things fines right
over here if you followed me probably
have a twang do it
this guy looks farm
everyone's gonna talk like that it's
fine everyone what's the matter
sure it's bit overgrown but there's some
good soil underneath back months with a
little dedication you'll have it cleaned
up in no time
here you are your new home oh the new
father welcome I'm Luis mayor of Pelican
Town the awfully awfully named Pelican
town you know what's strange I haven't
seen one Pelican around here
I've got like 50 hours of this game and
really no pelicans at all but it's
called Carl Icahn town you know
everyone's been asking about you it's
not every day that someone new boobs in
it's quite a big deal you can say
anything my grandpa no you know don't
tell he was my grandpa don't do it so
you're moving into your grandfather's
old cottage so good house very rustic
which please at least do one voices
papyrus oh oh I'll tribe rustic is one
way to put it
Kristen might be the more I am though
rude don't listen to her Lloyd beats
she's just trying to make you
dissatisfied so that so that you buy
whatever house upgrades her anyway you
must be tired from the long journey you
should get some rest
anonymous says please give our regards
to Jack the next time you see him to
Patty but couldn't be here today to
wreck his vocal cords for us I feel so
bad when he does papyrus tomorrow you
ought to explore the town a bit and
introduce yourself
the townspeople would appreciate that oh
I almost forgot you have anything to
sell just place it in this box here oh
come by during the night to collect it
well good luck
fuck off so um I got this farming
no don't go to sleep for the night we
just woke up we got look at seeds Dylan
not Dylan says hey rich see you're
streaming alone they'd anyway can you
please do one character on the voice of
George Lucas Thanks
yonder yonder says please sure please
make sure this goes to the sexy clown
sexy silent clowns don't get enough
respect in this horrible world of ours
clown right
all right so we're gonna
make some room here for some parsnips
we have we have 15 of them right
oh my god that takes forever with the
unupgraded axe and you know what I'm
gonna cut this fucker down just because
I want to see what's going on I will
definitely be naming chickens and crows
after people if I can get to them soon
enough five six which money do we have
all right
there's this more wood to pick up uh
I'll get what I'll get what don't worry
I want to get the seeds planted seeds
planted him watered it's very important
to me we got all right new to this game
this is the calendar this game's year is
only like four months long and every
month is just a full season so there's
28 days in a month and well you see
somebody's picture that's their birthday
okay um let me let me get some of these
donations leftover beefcake says my
birthday can you name a chicken or how
after me when you get some will do will
do LOI beat says best stream ever
anonymous says do you like this game
better than fire watch in your review
what you were talking about turning the
game map off is that something you
recommend in other games that was not me
recommending that that was Jack who has
this ridiculous notion that fire watch
is a game and that by turning the game
map and locator off it's a exploration
game where you walk along these preset
tubes that you can't really deviate from
and that gimping the game turns it into
game play magically it's the dumbest
fucking thing I've ever heard but you
know whatever whatever the real van says
just real issen to the Jurassic Park
commentary and actually the most recent
research and forensic evidence points to
t-rex being an active predator okay well
you know oh they're not even hoping yet
we're never going to know we're just
never going to fucking know they've been
dead for 300 million years
you know I never talked to this guy
normally so I'm just gonna just say what
he says I don't know you why are you
talking to me all right there you go
I talked to Shane right Gus pepper
papyrus oh cool Billy's away oh this is
done well so you know what I don't talk
to Gus that often oh my god oh my god oh
my god says rich census the 30th
anniversary of the Jeff Goldblum's the
fly this year well I'm just doing a
commentary track on the film I'll bring
it up
I'll bring up that's probably not going
to be the next one - age says my name is
in the Panama papers you have to hide my
money rich $2 is all I have also do you
know if Jack got my mail I sent to rlm
if not my post office sucks trace your
packages folks I know we got something
from you I thought maybe I don't
remember exactly what was in it because
the other day we got a ton of fucking
mail but I do recall seeing something
with your name in there somewhere
I mean there was literally we had a it
was just one weird mail day where
everything converged in one day we had
like a car full of stuff
bacon Jacobs says rich you're still
wrong about the sand man comics also
beep beep beep honk honk beep is that uh
is that a reference to my new car thank
you
turtle the wise says oh my god I just
closed everything and I don't know how
to bring it back up
she figured us out I don't understand
what this laptop it's weird it's weird
okay
turtle the wise says this game sucks by
the way what did you think just as by
the Oh by-the-by never mind I read that
wrong that's mine you know that's all my
bad
I expected him to say by the way and
when I didn't see by the way it got me
confused let me start that again
turtle why says this game sucks by the
by what did you think of punch club
basically the same you guys are awesome
keep on keeping on basically the same as
punch Club no no nonnamous says it's a
strange sound on stop motion creature
effects mixed with live action I think
it's just about the best thing ever not
jarring at all and oh my god I'm just no
I'm just not gonna play the game I'm
just gonna spend the whole day reading
these and that's fine because these mean
I'm getting money so I'm fine with that
I don't think you can get away with
stop-motion anymore but whenever I see
an old movie with good stop-motion and
it warms my heart the real van says they
found a triceratops skull with bite
marks which only the t-rex was strong
enough to make in addition the wound had
healed implying that the trike had
successfully fought the t-rex tag off
interesting Lando was taken says hey
rich does Jack every watch these streams
if not any complaints grievances you
want to say to the chant off the record
nah I've you know what I have no
complaints jack Jack is great and
streams and I am terrible and really
Jack Jack makes me bearable cuz if
you've ever watched my solo streams
borings fuck if I could change anything
about our streams it would be my weird
ass audio problems where I'm too loud
and sometimes I'm too quiet
I wish I wish I weren't like microphone
proof alright alright back to the game
here's this guy oh hey
she's a new gun huh cool I think jerk
guy seems like an ass fucking hate Alex
fuck Alex alright talk to peer user two
seven seven two two one says rich why is
there a horrible potentially mentally
something clown on the screen also who's
the guy in makeup are you trying to say
I'm I'm I look ugly I don't I don't do I
look like a clown d what look like a why
do I look like a clown to you and I
probably should use makeup I mean I'm so
pale I'm sure I look terrible on video I
know I look terrible on video alright
Pierre where's mr. Lloyd breach the new
farmer I'm I'm Pierre owner of the local
general snore if you're looking for
seize my shop is the place I go I'll
also buy produce for me for a good price
all our our agriculture can really
inject new life the local economy you
sure want to make these these
genetically engineered Briggs and when
you plant them in the ground like a a
giant a giant like a beanstalk it grows
up into the air like like miles into the
air and they grow overnight these bean
stalks we're gonna sell them for cows
going out this other plan with cows wait
wait he's breed smoker they brought in
the air and your morning to wake up your
exhale oh my god there's a giant breed
stalk in my fucking lawn and people are
gonna they're gonna climb their breeding
stock right and expect to find like some
kind of clock castle and the clouds like
a like a giant or something lady's gonna
walk off onto the cloud but it's just a
cloud so he's gotta fall to his death
people are gonna blow my magic
genetically
breeds climb them and fall or death one
at the end of the day we're going to go
to their houses because they're dead and
we're gonna rob their house and I'm
gonna use that to fund my cow operation
and in brilliant plan parsnip buy as
many of those as we can
Ben Swank lenses could you do the George
Lucas voice with Linus the hobo sure
stick man grits is why just just why
anonymous says what's silent his orange
hair and a big red nose carrot top
locked in my trunk with duct tape over
his mouth wearing a big red clown nose
alright hate your money you can say what
you want say what you want
all right plant oh my god that's really
nice
which I'm not quite set for
fuck it
you know I got plenty of time then I've
plenty of energy and I still gonna make
sure I didn't water all this shit so
let's let's pace ourselves
it's pace ourselves water as we go I
miss my upgraded and I really do
the mass-produce this shit
oh all right
all right
so this how's everyone doing today mochi
b85 says rich your solo streams like the
Silla stream right now are the best
the ultimate chill-out session not like
those unbearable jack solo streams he is
the worst
Shh don't tell him I said that he might
he might watch this later it's better be
careful what what should we do today I
guess probably need one more than I need
rocks I'll chop some trees all right you
know what I could well you know what
I'll get my energy down then we'll go
forward you know too much too much too
much yeah well I don't really have
anything to eat shit I was gonna go
foraging and then one swing too many I'm
someone I give that tree down before I
got tired it did not happen I'm kind of
fucked I guess I'm just going to bed and
that's day one all right what do we got
here anonymous says rich few weeks ago
you talked about Google's idea for
preventing anonymous comments on the
Internet what was that all about and it
looks like some videos were taken down
isn't fair use US law fair use is US law
it's frequently ignored in favor of
giant corporations with money and power
as far as the preventing anonymous
comments I'm against it I don't know the
details of how they want to accomplish
it though or what with what their
devious plan is or if there will be easy
ways around it I'm not sure Scott
what's that spoke Toa Skulltula house
says how much of a donation is needed
for a prereq on adventure for the atari
2600 and how it's more immersive and has
more exploration freedom and
replayability than modern adventure
games with tubes I wouldn't even call
Firewatch an adventure game it's really
not oh oh god the Atari is just the the
ugliest fucking thing I know very little
about adventure other than it's weird
but then again he said that it'd
probably been a lot of tari 2600 games
ok and the minimum if you wanted
donation read the minimum just so you
know it's $2 otherwise we get like a
flood of people donating like a penny
many the Vera King says rich can you
give me any specific tips on Mario Kart
8 The Binding of Isaac Pokemon or any
artsy fartsy theories on games in
general I can't tell you can't tell you
much about those games I'm talking about
pokemons though talking about it's just
fucking stupid and it's not going to
Jack the other day and he's actually
come around uh he cuz he's been Jack's
been playing Pokemon lately was yeah we
had that streamer was trying to get him
you and uh asked me that I said ma how's
your Pokemon game going I said you know
I got really tired of that majesté
playing it I realized how boring and
monotonous this game is and he he said
he felt really embarrassed to be a
thirty year old man like collecting
pokémon's and pokeballs and he just said
yeah you know I'm you're right Reggie
I'm just I'm putting this this toy away
I don't know I don't know what I was
thinking I had to grow
I have to grow up mister glitch says her
objects tragic disappearance from
outside J manhole you're very brave to
carry on without him I know that's what
he would want
the jaga's jaga's checkers he is
watching his kids tonight he like is his
wife had to go do a thing and he was
stuck at home and he's got to watch the
kids
he'll be back he'll be back Nana says hi
rich
I watched half in the bag and Stephen
King's it yesterday and last night I
dreamed you went on Twitch to stream
with a clone because you're a money
whore I'm glad it was only a dream I'm
glad too I fucking hate clowns clowns
are just the most sickening creepy thing
like they're supposed to be funny I've
never seen a funny clown I've only seen
creepy clowns because all clowns are
creepy I have no fucking idea why
anybody wants to be a clown anonymous
says do you all float down there what is
it what the clowns tonight Jesus Christ
I fucking hate clowns you just trying to
tease me because I don't like clowns
what what prop this up oh is it the
probably The Killing Joke is everyone
all hyped about The Killing Joke I know
I am yellow they don't really like the
Fonz there's the best Fonz I can do this
why not just got back from a fishing
trip should come down to the beach
that's not fun at all that's all you do
funds funds just hey to me fucking just
got back the fishing trip should come
down to make some time but got something
for you that's it that's all I'm doing
for him
mmm Bosh's from oh my god for now on I
believe Jack should use a curly blonde
wig
believe it would look fabulous just an
idea
bacon chicken says rich if you were you
were wearing a hot orange wig for an
entire live stream how long would you be
able to wear it before it became too
itchy and painful to be funny just
curious that is a fucking odd question
and I don't know a minute I'm gonna say
a minute Rob Bayer 12 says sweet
potatoes are delicious cabron 3 says hey
rich I'm not a big fan of solo streams
any chance Jay might turn up tonight
also hey hey hee hee I make poo-poos and
peepees very little chance of Jay tonight
Laken says there's something wrong with
your stream settings I think it has to
do with the audio again there are latent
echoes of squeaky horns coming through I
know we're having some kind of hissing
problem but that was with the compressor
I'm not sure what's causing the squeak
though anonymous says you know it's been
a while since I shit myself and sheer
terror thanks rich also you got to play
Doom or Dark Souls 3 in the future
I almost will certainly play Doom in the
future and we'll probably play Dark
Souls 3 though honestly I should play
through Dark Souls 1 & 2 before I really
tackle 3 you know I don't need to you
know what but the blood-borne I didn't
give a shit about the story Souls
probably the same thing y'all probably
would be willing to play that out of
order
yonder says can you do a rich Evans
impression for me please sure oh my god
what the fuck there we go there's my
rich Evans impression I hate everything
Nana says I'm thinking of having
breakfast for dinner what's the best way
to make bacon and eggs egg scrambled
bacon however you like
I don't I don't have any bacon recipes I
don't I never cooked my own bacon just
fried bacon just put on a pan and there
you go I think bill WA hecka says just
got here tonight rich but tonight stream
seems smoke more oh my god
sorry my screen just went black bill
Oaxaca says just guider tonight in
Richmond tonight's stream seems more
coherent than Batman vs Superman also
when are we playing the grand prize game
it's a bozo reference I'm I'm excited
about The Killing Joke too but they're
all getting weird I heard there's a clip
of it that was on one of their animated
DVDs recently like a preview I'm very
what does the animation style they're
going with for The Killing Joke here's
our I've like barely had time to game I
still don't have time to game oh my god
indeed drew JN says I see that Don
Wilson is still running from the IRS new
name new place can we see more of them
also do you think Jay would make a nice
mime would you really want to see like a
silent jay and clown makeup it's just
it's a weird idea I don't get minds just
silent clowns and what's what's up with
that crocodile brain says I love and
miss Jack if I donate $1 will you solo
streamed Firewatch oh god no
I'm a I'm a solo stream other things
tonight we'll see how the winds blowing
I can barely play this game we're
getting so many donations tonight which
is great I appreciate it I don't know if
that makes for a very entertaining
stream I worry about that
I mean you pay to get a comment I'm
gonna read the comment yes that's the
only fair that's why it's the nice one
Jack's here because Jack can you know he
can read this shit out aloud while I'm
playing the game that way we still have
some kind of activity going on on the
screen
well while talking is happening I forgot
about the rock blockage FK in the coffee
says play Dead Rising 3 if so what do
you think of it also what DC comic would
like to would would you like to see
animated after The Killing Joke as far
as Dead Rising 3 like I can't I have so
many fucking games I might need to play
and then this thing's we got to play few
purposes and I never get around to thing
so I have it I'm looking forward to
playing it even though I've had it for a
while now but I haven't really had much
time with Dead Rising 3 yet um as far as
what DC comic what I like to see
animated
hmm hmm part of me says preacher but
that comic is so perfect I don't know
that we need an animated version of
preacher
it's just perfect as is I don't know
long Halloween I don't I don't have any
strong feelings on that anonymous says
rich I really respect your views on
Pokemon and it can completely understand
how someone could feel ridiculous
collecting creatures and balls what a
silly thing to enjoy am i right you are
totally right and now Jack agrees with
you two he's come around he's come
around tell me it's that Pokemon Oh
stranger hello opal my man I just I just
live out here alone nobody nobody likes
me I used to be a multi-billionaire but
then I I sold my company to make small
personal films in my garage and want
them to go over so well because my small
personal film would cost me two hundred
million dollars to make was strange
magic it was really it was a movie ahead
of its time I don't think the country
was ready for all fairy cast so now I am
forced to to live in my tent I'm now
bankrupt and why don't they let me make
Star Wars anymore I don't understand
Lando was taken so speaking of Killing
Joke I got this tattoo tattooed a couple
years back obviously I'm super happy
hope the leg works I'll check it out
sometime later but thank you for the
link to what I assume is your tattoo all
right
so um they gave me like a list of things
you can accomplish in the game to the
beach somebody willing invited you to
visit the beach south of town says he
has something to give you so you know
we'll do that what else if I got in the
queue
clicky fucker getting started oh that's
just the planting which we're doing that
introductions say hello to everybody in
town miss we'll start with Willie oh my
god
go into the beach
nice planting in that cute house first
night I don't even know how I did his
voice fuck it he's he's Jimmy Stewart
now ahoe I was first night the old
cottage oh yeah your grandpa used to
complain about the rickety old bed but I
think I think deep down he actually
loved that house did we get the pixel
figures in the mill yes we did yes we
did and they're great I don't know where
they are right now
we got them though Lando was taken since
speaking of killing no that was oh my
god yeah that's an old message that is
weird
here we go took a while to pop up for
some reason from piss boy would you find
a clown creepier if it were someone you
know would you ever be able to see the
good in that and this person again or
would it be eclipsed by the creepiness
well the there would be there would be
some taint on that relationship where we
just feel like dirty from now on I'd
have the awful memories of clone in my
brain but I would say a clown who
someone I know is less creepier than a
than a strange clown I know I had a
nightmare once where some kind of
supernatural force or something had had
kind of started taking over my fiance
Karen's brain and like made her start
dressing like a clown and I was trying
to talk her back to sanity and it just
wasn't working she was she was a clown
in my dream she wanted to be a clown
maybe it was the spirit of Eloise Cole
bad gamer Oh Korean says true fact of
the day reg did you know I read this
strange word to me Cairo phobia fear of
clowns is a real thing yes I know it's a
real thing I haven't I
at least I had it when I was a kid I
don't know if I'm afraid of them now but
I definitely think they're creepy
totally fucking creepy big hall I'll
give you like a fish here I want you to
have my old fishing rod it's important
to me that the art go fishing stays
alive and hey maybe you buy something
from the shop once in a while he an
efficient rod yay yeah I received the
bamboo pole that's fascinating it's good
water here in the valley all kinds of
fish yeah yeah yeah stop talking stop
talking buddy snuggle says tell Jack I
really respect him for entertaining his
kids tonight
he's a good dad this tip is for a beer
that he will surely need by the end of
the night well I'm not going to tell him
about that tip and I'm going to use it
all for myself
how's that make you feel fucker what's
fish
oh this is this is a pathetic fish god I
even forgot some time in this game and I
don't know I have no room fuck it I
really need that backpack all right
how long how long am I gonna stream
today about three or four hours well
rich Evans solo streams they're kind of
weird they could go on a lot longer when
Jack's not around because you know Jack
Jack's got things to do he's a family
man III don't I'm I'm you know I'm
completely free tonight so I can um I
get stream for like 14 hours I mean I
had my my Dead Rising solo stream I want
to say that was a 14 hour stream my Dead
Rising no death run so we can be here
all night
you never know actually how was how was
stardew valley working for everyone this
is being a decent stream I really need
to build a chest
mr. glitch says or that's no wait this
is oh my god anonymous says I can't
believe you got a hair transplant I
cannot believe you got a hair transplant
how could have you done this how could
you have got a hair transplant we can't
help you out of this one what a weird
weird thing to say but I'm just warning
camp but I'm still bald I don't wear a
cap because I'm trying to pretend I have
hair I'm wearing a cap usually just
because my hair looks like crap oh no I
exert myself while reading comments no
that's bad that's bad I'm not having a
good run here
all right with the star to Val I think
it's mostly because I'm stopping every
two seconds to read comments straight
it's great really appreciate it
I don't know this makes for an
entertaining stream it's fine it's fine
mr. glitch says rich I think you're
being too hard on clones they're just
normal people who made incredibly bad
choices in life that's very true
that's very true or they were they were
infected with grief clown venom purple
space bazooka says hi rich great stream
tonight what's your opinion on the
Civilization series think you would dig
sieve five also could you please name
something in game after me thanks and we
all float down here uh thank you purple
space bazooka if I even at this rate
look I'm not gonna get to naming
anything after anyone because I just and
this rate there's no way I'm gonna get a
barn I think at this point fuck
socialization I'm in it for the money
Oh rain so we needed rain and I need to
build a fucking chest so I need to start
hacking away at some trees now if we
ever needed rain it was today when when
it rains you don't have to worry about
watering your crops hate these trees I
think I need fifty oh do I have
sixty-six I got just enough a little
more than just all right so this
crafting this is the major difference
weeding this and harvestman is crafting
get out of my way stuff
oh fuck you stuff
many Oh God many the Vera King says rich
do you have hearthstone or injustice
installed
I haven't justice I don't have it
installed right now and I've never
touched hearthstone anonymous says
without Jack around who will remind us
to stand up every hour I'm just gonna
stand up on my own in a bit honestly
bacon jacob says rich there's a huge fly
buzzing around to your left
swat at it kill it please there you go I
got the fly safe my house burns down
when I go to forage can't even I can't
even make my way down here so proud of
it punch back Jack says rich though I've
been a sub for awhile I've been catching
up on old streams on YouTube so I
thought I should tip as well thanks for
a great channel and please think Jack
when I see him I will do that from
because movie hey rich I can always
count on you for a great laugh
fortunately I'm laughing so hard I'm
seeing things also how much of a
donation to guarantee an FTL stream next
time um 25 bucks
I'll go cheap on that 25 bucks I
probably could have gotten you know a
lot more but I'm not I'm not a complete
greedy asshole he'll do anything for
money
I don't I don't think I could respect
somebody who would sell out you know
that much anonymous says rich does J
read books if so I'd recommend the the
Phineas Poe trilogy the main character
falls in love with a woman who steals
his kid B in the first chapter I think I
think it's his fucked up alley I think
it's up his fucked up alley I'll try and
remember to tell Jay about that
anonymous says now that Jack has a hand
a hard mounted 3ds you should stream one
of them Monster Hunter games maybe even
in co-op
they're pretty challenging action games
or you almost only fight boss monsters
we may do that one small ball says the
one interesting part of those awful
character introductions in Batman vs
Superman the scientists from the cyborg
video was the same actor from Terminator
2 who worked on the arm and microchip I
did not know that did not know that
traitor traitor odds each traitor Todd
siege says Richard your Helldivers
review you said you wanted a similar
game with story and conclusion do you
still wish for that um sure sure
gobbledygook says thanks for the farm
name I'm playing SIF five right now it's
always fun to nuke things as Gundy oh
and check out DC Universe Online for the
ps4 it's free you fuck was it my turds
are green says isn't it rich are we a
pair me here at last on the ground you
in midair send in the clowns isn't it
bliss don't you approve one who keeps
tearing around one who can't move
honestly I have no idea whether it's a
reference to but it sounds very poetic
very poetic
jug up 93 says have you guys watched
anymore Neal Breen now yeah well we're
saving and watching that till something
special happens light beat says FTL yada
that's 25 bucks so I'll play FTL

[Part II]
honey remember what I was doing no idea
what I was doing right now I'm just
gonna turn the game off I'm just gonna
read comments all night don't stop
please don't stop it's fine rich I have
heard you are an excellent kisser can
you use the empty space to your left and
show us your kissing technique with an
imaginary partner by kissing the air
there you go there you go spy net 3 1 5
says rich why is there so much extra
space next to me why don't you send
yourself in the frame because you always
pave yourself off in the bottom corner
it's weird it'd be weird if I were dead
center but yourself as far over into one
corner or the other and you have your
head looking towards the rest of the
screen that's the pro way to do it
alright alright I'm looking I'm just
looking for stuff I could forage right
now to get some extra cash I think any
attempts of deeper strategy are just
gonna get sidetracked we're gonna pick
these dandelions up
gotten to a point where I can pretty
much yeah my main game where I can just
ignore forage at this point unless I
want something specific for a cooking
recipe or something weird like I can
never find plums Nick Bevan jurors says
Nick Nevinger says the poetic thing you
don't understand was a Stephen Sondheim
song send in the clowns from the Little
Night Music he wrote things like Sweeney
Todd into the woods and other musicals
okay
weird thing quote and you know send in
the clowns we're Phineas Pohl a Phineas
Poe guy again
here's a quote from the series funny
that she wore latex latex gloves to cut
me open and ten minutes earlier I was
inside her without a condom okay
anonymous says hey rich you should play
towel required it's a free indie game
where you throw towels at naked old men
in a locker room shower while trying to
avoid touching them
seems like my kind of game no well
avoiding touching them sure but I don't
want to be in a shower with a bunch of
naked old men this is not me this is not
me sure it's for some people fine but
rich can you do a quick impression of
Jesus on the cross there we go
was that too quick
knowledge junkie says four dollars to
remind everyone that we have less than
four minutes to stand up really
appreciate Jack's stand-up reminders and
wanted to make sure everyone remembered
I am remember
oh I'll stand up now fucking oh my god
Tom agon says rich can the next
character be Eloise Cole also do you
think Batman V Superman can be edited
into a better film no it can't be edited
into a better film unless there's
footage on the cutting room floor
that gives Lex Luthor motivation that's
a major problem Lex Luthor's just doing
shit for no real solid clear reason and
I don't know that any amount of editing
can make this Superman not a unlikable
prick that's that's that seems like more
of a rewrite problem also you need to
redo that doomsday shit entirely because
that did not work and that was not a
satisfying conclusion and I'm also not
fond of the actual Batman Superman
Throwdown just being a dumb slugfest
it's not how I would handle a Batman
Superman encounter turning it into a
slugfest is just dumb Grethe McMillan
Terry says is it too early to ask to
volunteer myself
Grethe McMillan Terry as a member of
Rich's intrepid FTL crew would make me
feel better at that horrid nightmare I
just had about demented clowns fun
Fandango says rich I hear you I hear you
are excellent at twerking can you
demonstrate in the open space to your
left no I will not do that
orange jo 12:20 says should I do more
pixel figures of the rest of the rlm
crew you could I don't know that they
would appreciate it as much as we would
but those are really nice I'm gonna I'm
gonna stand up and there's gonna be 20
donations but time I get back
how did I stretch there all right how
many of these things do we have her
the real van says for people who did
don't hate good things there is a Batman
and Lovecraft crossover comic called the
doom that came to Gotham by Mike Meg
I can never pronounce the name Mignola
no that's easy I guess Mignola I thought
there would be a lot harder to pronounce
just looking at you see like Gees and
ends and weird things for people who
like those two things it's pretty great
none of us is hey rich
I think twitch stream should be
educational can use the blank space to
your left to show us how to properly
check yourself up or a friend for breast
cancer
thanks you know what I would I like
doing educational and believe in breast
cancer awareness but I am NOT a
qualified medical professional I do not
know how to give a proper breast
examination so I cannot do that I feel I
would be giving out disinformation co v
KU v cou i couldna so i'm something
that's Kuby finished Firewatch today
from jack's recommendation enjoyed it
but i agree with you not much of a game
interesting story also will with there
be more appearances from your newest
half in the bag character possibly I
mean we I don't know where you know we
go with that storyline was my that
character might be dropped I mean we
always just find that when I when I'm
participating in review there's always
some new character or excuse you home
horn me in there so we may or may not
use that particular character again
yonder yonder says just wanted to give
you recognition for a superb standing up
job well done
thank you glad you like my standing up
chantix 20 rich that chair looks pretty
uncomfortable you've been sitting there
for a while maybe try sitting to the
empty chair next to me ah you know what
I'm good I'm good
trader tesage cinch trader tots inch
says in that case I hope you bought dawn
of work oh my god I hope you bought dawn
of work too when I asked campaign co-op
is Helldivers with story I hope you give
it a 30-minute try doesn't have to be
streamed how much how much tip to
guarantee $5,000 will guarantee I will
play dawn of war to crocodile brain says
please play FTL or spelunky or anything
else instead of this Harvest Moon thing
organ trail one finger death punch or my
Zak and wiki don't donation for wiiu fox
have a we hear right now but i don't
think i'm gonna get around to playing
anything tonight I just don't think
that's on the table because movie says
hey oh rich we please name the FTL FTL
ship creepy silent clown the clowns
tonight that seems appropriate for some
reason also can we buy those great pixel
magnets off you and Jack from as off of
you and Jack at the red letter store
well you might want to get back to hold
on just going on good as his proper name
Orange Joe for that I think that's
something he just does he might be made
custom make your own pixel guys nemesis
Jack blink once for guilty blink twice
for we know jack is not here tonight
it's just me and I'm not guilty of
anything so I'm not blinking okay I'm
gonna play five seconds of game one one
thousand two one thousand three one
thousand four one thousand five one
thousand
six-one oh my god this is why I really
need a partner cuz then things can still
you know late you're fucking late
anonymous anonymous says how old do you
think most kids should be before they're
allowed to see Batman vs Superman how
about the Christian Bale and older 80s
90s Batman's what was the app to help
parents with movies oh I don't remember
the name of that app I just don't recall
as far as how old the kids should be
before they see Batman vs Superman well
I don't think our rated films are as
traumatic for children as most people do
like I said I saw Robocop when it was
brand new when I was really young and I
loved it that said that while that movie
is over-the-top with the violence and
it's not as just dark and hopeless and
depressing and miserable as a Batman vs
Superman is so I can't I can't say I'll
say 1212 old enough where you want to
pretend you're older than you are so you
like immature things that that seem like
they're for older people but they're not
really for older people they're for
immature young people as far as the Tim
Burton films despite despite the murder
pretty much all ages as far as the Dark
Knight I don't know there's any great
reason a child shouldn't see it but I
imagine you need to be a little bit
older before you really appreciated de
bourree H cases rich props of like make
sure I'm reading this right the props if
nothing I'm I'm not you know what I'm an
idiot I don't even know what a props
means so I'm just gonna I don't know I'm
saying that without knowing rich props
of nothing I'm wondering what your
thoughts are on John Wayne Gacy also
you're really crammed into the corner of
the screen could you just sit on the red
chair instead
is not happening I just I'm fine here
where I am this is a nice comfy couch
and I don't need to move as far as John
Wayne Gacy creepy son-of-a-bitch
what is what is so fascinating about oh
I'm full Ian
son of a bitch alright well I can't
really fish or anything I have to run
home and drop everything off what's so
fascinating about serial killers why is
that a thing
valve says rich how much for Star Wars
The Force Unleashed stream this
Wednesday $500 because I don't really
like that game I played a little bit of
it I thought it was shit Nana says rich
if you can get a hold of a copy of the
day the clown cried would you still
watch it despite your fears
I watched out of general curiosity
that's the I think that's the Jerry
Lewis one I'm assuming
you can play the order 1886 90% of that
game place itself anyway
freeing you up to read all of these
comments that's true that's true
and I think actually thinks shortly to
honor that that $25 donation we're gonna
switch this up to FTL because I don't
know I don't know how well this this
dream is working here the solo stream of
stardew valley III like the game but the
stream has all just been me standing in
a field while it's raining on me and I
can't find shit to forage fucking oh
here we go a leak fucking leak I don't
have to leak like take a leak it just
found a leak the vegetable guys that's
my joke the stream that's what we get
for comedy when I'm alone it's terrible
yonder yonder says if you promise not to
play the order 1886 spy net three one
five says I don't have anything to say
I just wanted to interrupt you my name
is States's rich great shirt what's your
favourite Mega Man game games also while
Jack is gone
are there any topics or things you enjoy
that you can discuss that you know he
can't stand I I thought about that I
really don't know that there is anything
I could talk about that he just can't
stand talking about the off switch says
hey Jack what is up with that clown
playing games next to you weird
hook Alex in the I sons what are your
thoughts on the additional movies plan
for the Star Wars universe would you
rather they leave it alone are you okay
with them if they're good stories I'm
not I'm not super worried about what
they do with the Star Wars brand because
most Star Wars things outside of the
main films and in recent years the main
films themselves have been shit anyway
so I don't really care
the force awakens even isn't even great
it's just decent and it's the first
decent Star Wars film we've had since
1983 many the verging you're gonna get
this name right I can't pronounce things
many the Vera King says rich how much
money to get the Earlham crew to play
the jack box party pack on rich how much
money to get the rlm crew to play the
jack box party pack on stream I don't
know what the fuck that is I've said
nine million dollars richer my favourite
stream was when you played FTL off
screen while Jack made us suffer through
the witness but this is a close second I
don't know how this is entertaining
anybody VAR yar 77 says hey rich just
wondering if you or absent Jack if you
know have ever launched the Terminator
TV show from a few years ago I loved it
and think it's one of the best elements
of the franchise never seen it sorry I
cannot comment on it you ever seen a
single episode
give us a real answer you Star Wars
living fuck that is my real answer
because I'm not a Star Wars loving fuck
I know I know Star Wars fans can't
conceive of anybody else not not like
jerking off all over Luke Skywalker's
face but I'm not I'm not that into it
it's fine basically it's just fine
traitor
Tod's each says quite outside my price
range they're rich diverse - bet you
won't get the game you asked for but
keep up the good work anyway I love
listening to your solo streams while
gaming or doodling doodling was it
doodling Dylan not Dylan says hey rich
can you please name an FTL crew member
after me in return I promised the name
my first child after you regardless of
its gender I'll probably forget I've had
like eight people asked me to name
things after them and they've gotten
lost in the river the sea of things
alright alright this is not working I'm
just gonna switch to FTL for a bit
fuck it there's been the worst stardew
valley stream I think of all time
should I give it more time
should I give starter more time Chad I
want you to honk if you think I should
give stardew valley more time Chad
alright alright oh no it's a fucking
crow eating my crop I wish you could
kill crows in this game this tune I can
water or do they not take their water
for some oh fuck
that's a weird
I wasn't gonna let those build-up for
good because I feel like I should be
doing something in this dream other than
reading much as I appreciate it
I'll read them just not right in a
second all right
firm watered
right now I'm just looking for crap to
forage anything to get me some early
income I probably stand for some mining
I don't know I can't go on the mind yet
that's gotta come later mines aren't
opening I really want to upgrade my
watering can get some watering done
quick and expand my crop operation and
then the forage fart waste of time waste
of fucking time
I know I know I can fish but I got all
day there's that big field where the the
onions grown and I'm gonna try and pick
up a bunch of onions and then I'll make
my way to water I'm gonna dig up this a
quart here before that shit grows and
get something hot damn way I don't want
shake it in my goddamn way I may never
have to work again
no onion sauce that's a kick in the ass
: indeed unbelievable amazing but
unbelievable oh my god I feel like I'm
playing X come to for the first time
again
and here's the plan
at night before going to bed that's when
I get caught up with the donation
reading
don't too distracted by Leia's hot-ass
mrs. fish come on you found out you fish
you stupid fish oh god I hate this this
bar is too small I need to level up
fishing more this is a lot easier when
you leveled up a bit more come on come
on
oh no no no oh here we go here we go got
it got it
god no you don't know you don't know you
don't you fucker it wants to live yes
chub that was just a chump
I think I think we're gonna marry lay
somebody ever fish what do you think a
fish
oh no she hates fish let hates fish
all right well that was a waste that was
a waste of a silver starfish those
fucking sardines such a small bar come
on you mmm
give up give up just give up just let it
happen
slick what happen I don't fuck this is
neighbor oh this is a nightmare
Oh fucking shop huh it's all I got out
of that a fucking job
oh yeah
nothing's biting got me something in
this play government Oh God Algie fuck
you fuck you too game it's fishing
exciting to watch I have no idea
some people are all about the profit in
this game
I brought relaxing spot relaxing and
enjoying the nature it was some fish
that's exciting
joy nature enjoy the relaxing life you
don't have a mortgage in this game
there's nothing holding you back and
you're not to pay for food
you have no mortgage you could sit
around all day in this game and do
nothing he'd be fine and I worry that
more Sunday all right all right bet on
those damn chubs
perfect
hey perfect Oh keep waiting for that one
to go back down it never did
I don't trash alright alright yeah
oh I'm full anyway I'm fine we'll go
we'll go sell the shit you just having a
bigger backpack
just gonna sell everything see how much
money I got for those fish they'll be
interesting that'll be fun to see all
right that's good that's a good day
that's a fine day what do we got where
did we leave off I'll scroll down 80
feet here oh my god
and I might have read this one but I'm
gonna read it again just in case Dilton
not Dilton said hey rich can you please
name an FTL crew member after me
returned promised to name my first child
after you regardless of its gender I
think I've read that one but just in
case make sure everyone gets read
anonymous says dear rich during a solo
stream have you ever worried about
someone suddenly frightening you while
you were deeply absorbed in a game that
would be unfortunate I haven't really
worried about that you know real life
doesn't have screamers many the Vera
king says the jack box party pack is a
fun party game that uses an app that
lets viewers play with you it's
basically like you don't know jack and
other games I highly recommend looking
it up I will I will look that up I will
look that up I just hadn't heard
anything about it
HAP's 78 says rich do you think
storyline involving return of armas
would have made a good TNG film
Armus Armus will see the that being that
killed the one that wanted to kill off
like half the Enterprise crew was that
Armas I don't remember if so I don't
know I've never overly fond of that
episode I'm trying to remember who Armas
was Jan if you remember who Armas was
tell me and Dilton Dilton says hey rich
since the name of my firstborn child
isn't enough what will it take for you
to remember my it's a name and FTL crew
member after me is it money I'd bet it's
money you cheap hack probably
Anonymous's rich has anyone ever blown
up a balloon animal and started rubbing
it on your face in an uncomfortable way
armless Corsair says holy fucking shit I
just tuned in and it was not expecting
the clown you guys owe me some new
undies okay Cedric says reg if you ever
been in a situation where you've seen
when multiple people have shown together
all their respective encouragement for
other situations in which you've which
for many have also clown let me simply
read this again this might make sense
rich have you ever been in a situation
where you have seen when multiple people
have shown together all their respective
encouragement for other situations in
which for many have also yes yes
anonymous says do you consider the rlm
guys
Jack more like friends or coworkers do
you ever call them on days off or if
they're out of town just say hi
I wish Jack were there call him up and
say we miss him
I will I will let him know you miss him
when I'm done streaming we were friends
before we were ever anything close to
the worker coworkers so it's not really
like I think of them as coworkers
anonymous says everybody get up it's
time to slam now we got a real Jam going
down welcome to the Space Jam here's
your chance to do your dance at the
Space Jam all right
I thin mage says to free up game time
after you're done have a clown make
balloons you could be on twitch creative
just zoom into the clown's face black
backdrop make balloons read donations
win lol fuck my cock said axe says when
you guys ever consider playing a classic
Sid Meier game like sieve to sieve one
or colonization would it be a tip
donation suggestion Kickstarter campaign
etc how can we support this worthy goal
for no particularly great reason I've
not played any of the Civ games I know I
should I think it's a situation where I
probably wouldn't want to do it for the
very first time on stream because that
never works favorite customer says hi
rich we talked about how complete and
nomina MIDI on the Internet and I know I
said that weird but fuck it is only a
good thing and why no one should be able
to own guns we could talk about that I
like a nominee Mahna Mahna Mahna Mahna
midi on the internet and guns that's
that's a that's a quagmire right there
overly political with that
anonymous says I want to donate more but
I'm wondering you get to keep all the
money for yourself on a solo stream rich
you're getting lots of tips and it'd be
a shame for you to get half the money to
Jack when he doesn't do anything
that's very true that's very true I'm
good I am we have it worked out I am
going to get all of the donation money
for tonight all of it every cent is
going to rich Evans all right go to
sleep for the night
number one fishing all right I'd love
one
baby Oh
our Aris was half 78 says Armas was the
creature that killed Tasha are now keep
that ugly fucking monster away from in
CNG movies I can only assume that listen
choke Tasha are for anybody who hasn't
watched TNG and i don't know why anybody
wouldn't was a character in the first
season of next-gen and she wanted out of
her contract and they murdered her off
and the show was better without her
honestly Worf got a promotion or fourth
got her old job
all right ah her stuffs all right so the
land sides been removed I can mine and
just a speech just to speed things up
I'm not really doing into that you know
that's an awfully long letter oh my god
that's like eight pages no I just didn't
all right
now I could buy more seeds but I think
my energy is better spent in the mines
because I want to upgrade my fucking
watering can and we haven't done any
mining yet so let's go do mining oh wait
don't have a said well I think I'll get
the sword
Anonymous is rich I have a solution to
your tip reading problem you play the
game then have Jax skyping from home in
order to read the tips brilliant and
take a while to set that up it's a good
idea it's a good idea I'm sure he's
probably busy editing something or what
not right now going to mines don't have
time to pick up that deadline cuz I want
room for ore and shit on my way back
that that dandelion is very likely to
still be there that's why I skipped that
dandelion I know some of you were
probably really just yelling at your
screen and pointing you got to pick that
up wouldn't you pick up the dandelion
rich no I got reasons I got reasons okay
now we're gonna get our sword cuz you
know what I really wanted a harvest mood
game was was thorns I could do I could
do with that without the mining
all right shop
rich solo streams are typically more
boring than streams with Jack I don't
say much I don't do much just boring oh
my god used to having better equipment
like why didn't that thing break
ooh amethyst ooh
exit - oh I missed a thing I missed a
thing oh what a fucking weakling why are
why are slimes such a role playing game
staple how did that happen no I got a
geode we're just gonna have like stupid
shit in it did not need a combat monster
system it just did not
I wanted to playroom factory I played
room factory then again this isn't
really Harvest Moon either technically
practically yes technically no oh
ditch the wood good call good call
any more fucking yes or not time to
share

[Part III]
oh right they're just selfish it was
dumb I could have taken that exit
earlier without wasting my time
gathering useless rocks and wasting
energy for some reason I never didn't
notice the exit had spawned anonymous
says hey rich you just wanted to show my
support for naming an FTL crew member
after Dylan snack Dylan also I'm just an
anonymous fan and definitely not Dylan
not Dylan looking forward to FTL mochi
b85 says Oh No whilst in the mines watch
out for all those zubats
HAP 78 says I was not having a TNG
involving the Dominion War would have
been far better than the shitty bet ku
storyline pillar was a great TV writer
but my god his film scripts sucked
hey I gotta be honest the the back who
storyline that was probably the best TNG
movie
I don't know that it was a crew built
for the the cinematic experience there's
just too many characters in a movie you
probably want to be more focused on a
handful why the the Kirk Spock McCoy
dynamic worked well in film and that's
why the the TNG movies just evolved into
a card beat shit up and so does data um
can mix Ian's 1:20 says rich
I left prereq and everything else you
and Jack do if you called my candor J
right now to come where you are now if
they knew Jack was at home and not
dressed like a clown they would not show
up they would hang up on me
and continue doing whatever they're
doing even if it's just sitting around
doing nothing
aimless kosair says not internal I'm not
entirely sure why but I have a sudden
urge to listen to she rap and think
about how miraculous magnets are anyone
else feeling this or is it just me
anonymous says what's up with the weird
costume today I'm not sure I like your
new look mr. blinken oh yeah it's not
really a new look actually I've had this
shirt for a while it just been a long
time since I've worn it I think I I dug
it out of like the bottom of the closet
recently but yeah it's just my just my
mega man shirt I've ever worn it like
I've just played Santa for you can go go
back and look at older videos I'm
wearing this shirt so there's nothing
new about it handsome Rob says why no
trigger warning on this stream
my second cousin died of clown virus his
deathbed words was just him sliding a
sound whistle down it was devastating
that sound haunts me to this day
2:56 is it like clown day is it National
clown day I thought it might be because
of The Killing Joke news but then it
wouldn't be just clown all clown nothing
but clown talking about Batman he'd
reference The Killing Joke directly I
I don't get it I don't get it okay just
so you know the minimum donation for
having it read is $2 I would like to
have it well that's the minimum where
you could donate I don't I don't know
anything about the technical details
behind that the reason we're doing that
you know me and Jack Jack's not here but
reason you know I say we when he's not
here because it's polite it's polite I
don't want to be an inclusive it's just
so you know we don't get flooded with a
ton of one cent donation so we're gonna
get flooded with donations it's gonna be
$2 donations which hasn't stopped us
from getting flooded but hey at least
it's $2 yonder yonder says you can thank
the Dragon Warrior Games for slimes
being a staple and the fact that Dragon
Warrior fans specifically and JRP fans
in general don't want anything to change
in their games okay I mean the genre is
not one I've ever been particularly fond
of so it's largely oh I found the exit
I'm gonna grab this or
ah you're not dead
a sturdy slime tired sad says hey rich
there a Batman villain not yet shown in
the films that you'd like to see a
future in a future Batman movie is gonna
say Ra's al Ghul but then I remembered
he's in Batman Begins which I've largely
forgotten about to say the honest truth
I didn't think Batman Begins was
especially memorable he was never even
an especially big villain in the comics
either but I always thought the Reaper
was a fucking awesome visual if you
don't know the Reaper appeared in Batman
year 2 which was probably not as good a
follow-up to year 1 as it could have
been but the character was neat he was
the vigilante in Gotham City before
Batman and he had no problem murdering
people and the Reaper had this like big
kind of red armored costume but the way
the armor was designed it looked looked
kind of like muscle it was kind of like
the armor and Bram Stoker's Dracula and
he wore like a silver a chrome skull
mask with his giant black cloak and his
his fists were these two kind of like
maces with a scythe coming out of the
top of the mace and there was also a gun
in there somewhere because I always
thought he was just kind of a badass
visual so I'm just gonna say the Reaper
bacon Jacob says hey rich
have you ever had a long thin balloon
pop directly next to your left ear it's
an experience that it's hard to get over
I hope it never happens to you best
wishes
it's so weird I'm gonna drink some my
birthday my birthday cake soda somebody
sent us his birthday cake soda and I'm
thinking there's no way that can be good
and it's fucking delicious
you usually refer to a soda as delicious
do you however you refer to it it's damn
good die Nazi slime what was that this
thing here I'm fighting that reminds me
of that weird that's some kind of glitch
oh he hops around cuz he's still alive
it's not a glitch I've never had one not
pop instantly into my inventory before
that's kind of great um what would I
rather have there's not much I can do
with the but I can't really sell rocks
either I'm getting rid of the rocks
shadow elite oh here one set shark
shadow elite five one sent short I stick
to my guns all right
I don't see stairs that I hope I find
one for running out of too much energy I
did I got a chest what I get I got boots
that's fine
boots are fine actually I'm gonna wear
my boots which look pretty much exactly
like the default shoes I think they're a
little bit brighter
all right can need a lot more or if I
want that watering can
I'm gonna need at least 25 of them at 13
it's 5:00 shit I hate those things I
have until midnight or until they we're
out of it energy or health oh you fucker
die oh I hate these things
cheese that's noxious we're going down a
level
oh definitely Elvin Fox's rich here's
money for any soda of your choice from a
the only person I know of who doesn't
drink alcohol for the same reasons as me
cool filmmaker freak is donating 50
cents so I read shadows message you know
I'll do that oh you know what I'll merge
them I'm fine
who is this weird clown where is Jack
what TF is going on here read this you
hack frauds this weird clowns rich Evans
thank you for insulting me you prick
Jack is at home watching his children
tonight his his wife had a thing
call me a clown lord knows everyone
knows that jack was the one who went to
Clown College
you're calling me a clown clown College
can you believe that shit
Jack went to Clown College tired and sad
says rich did you ever play the mario
RPG force nests also what was your
favorite game for the first generation
system like the PlayStation 1 or Sega
Saturn oh that's cute the PlayStation
was not the first generation your if you
want first generation you're talking
like the fucking Atari like a guitar
eman and there were no good games on it
because it was the fucking Atari 2600
far as favorite games if you just want
to ask people like my favorite
PlayStation game is I think Mega Man
Legends is highly underrated and I never
played Super Mario RPG
I didn't play Super Paper Mario I like
that anonymous says hey rich is it just
my excuse in front of hallucinations or
is this solo stream positively wacky yak
yak yak yak have a lovely rest of the
stream and lol fuck my cock oh it's kind
of wacky I guess I mean reading
donations and we're playing some stardew
valley I said extremely wacky but I
guess one's definition of wacky can vary
from person to person
it's wacky for someone is positively
normal for someone else
deep deep now is this thing worth it
no bug juice I could use later but
that's kind of much later I definitely
wanna keep my coal and I only came here
for the or I don't want to eat some
algae dr. soya neighs says hello make
sure I could pause this rich when you
see jack please let him know that the TM
BG show in Houston not only included Ana
ng but also the album flood in its
entirety but don't say anything to the
clown he may start crying what clone
walk alone
many the Vera King says rich the empty
chair to your left blocks some of the
game interface how much money is needed
to knock that share over with all your
might I'll do it right now there knock
that chair over
time is it 1040 I got plenty time plenty
of time not plenty of energy though
don't want a round of energy in the
minds
oh good
fuck fuck I am Keith David says rich you
hate any actors that are liked by most
I've never been especially fond of Will
Smith as a dramatic actor I've liked his
comedy stuff as far as anyone I hate
who's well-liked no one I can think of
off the top of my head I guess Adam
Sandler I think most people hate him in
reality or at least a lot do not most
HAP 78 says rich please inform Jack that
whether he be fuck bite vibe I read this
again I'm sorry about that rich please
inform Jack that whether he be fuck pop
5,000 a master voice actor or creepy ass
clown that his verbose ofnews has been
highly missed this stream I will let
Jack know that you miss him next time I
see Jack actress I hate you I hate huh
hey I'm fine yeah I'm fine with most
people it's fine
I heard anything like an actor I
wouldn't see the movie if I thought they
were in it I have tried I don't know
that I'd go as far as to say I hate him
but Tom Cruise has a tendency to make me
uncomfortable watching him on camera
hates probably a bit strong
Anonymous is rich how much money does it
take to punch that clown I there's no
cloud I don't know why keep talking
about clone tired and sad says who's
worse Jay Leno or Jimmy Fallon all right
now I didn't list him because he's not
an actor but I hate this shit out of Jay
fucking not funny at all Leno so when it
comes to Jay Leno versus Jimmy Fallon
fuck Jay Leno fuck Jimmy Fallon too but
especially fuck Jay Leno we have enough
money to buy some crops ali reza says is
that a sun-eater I'm not I'm not sure
what a sun-eater is but I I don't know
things what do you want Clint will you
care about my rocks Clint none of your
business rocks I have
for absolutely no good reason I'm
thinking about shakes the clown I don't
know why but you started thinking about
shakes the clown
now can i craft a first why need it Oh
20 or oh shit I guess the order is
useless to me unless I can melt it down
anyway
so alright that's gonna put off my my
water can plans even longer hence a
frosh says being a huge mass effect fan
from day one are you looking forward to
Andromeda at all
I'm I would no longer consider myself a
Mass Effect fan Mass Effect 3 the ending
was so terrible I actually honestly
would say it retro actively ruins the
first two games for me I tried to play
the first one like after playing Mass
Effect 3 it felt like I was part of a
funeral procession because it's all one
big train to fuck you
so I no longer even consider myself a
fan I am NOT looking forward to
Andromeda in fact if you send me a
physical copy of Mass Effect Andromeda I
will destroy it on camera
did the lackluster ending of any three
spoiled for you are you unbiased towards
future and me installments there you
have it I already answered that before I
even read the question many the Vera
King says so I'm pretty sure you are
being haunted
not only did that share fix itself back
up right but I bet the floating beer can
we'll get closer to the screen with that
spooky ghost noises with spooky ghost
noises sorry you're all y'all are and
going to weird places tonight
filmmaker freak is since please retitle
the stream Wonderbread I'm not sure why
just I need this weird places the night
you guys are going I don't get it I
don't I don't get it I'm just having a
boring stardew valley stream a very
boring start
Valley Stream it's all weird do it I
know I need some of this shit no hang on
Oh Eddie to the furnace
I need for the first we'll do some
crafting orange stone don't have stolen
lying around how much do I have just
enough just enough and then we'll
probably have to go back to the fucking
mines today but fortunately every five
levels you get in the mine it remembers
your progress so I need a plan today - I
can't go straight to the mine alright
boy they so much shit to do
it's not easy work being a farmer man
orange orange Joe one two two zero the
pixel guy says so Jack didn't get upset
that I depicted him with the light beam
bouncing off of his head
funny story I showed Jack his little
pixel guy where the light beams bouncing
off of his head and he's just staring at
it and I'm like why isn't he smiling and
I thought oh and I said jacked you know
what those are and he said no I said
that's the shine coming off your head
and he laughed he laughed and I like the
ha ha that came with mine I'm pointing
and I have a little zipper ha ha thing
there's a great those are great I love
them
whole lot a little bitter I'll read some
of these later I want to get the tongue
Oh goddamn it I'm so used to my game I
was gonna hop on my horse but I don't
have my horse yet I don't need that now
I will need you that's a tongue I'll
just buy as much as I can't fuck it all
right drew JN says when you go back to
the shop please have a Don Wilson
monologue I feel the stream needs it
legend have done Wilson must not be
forgotten say you can't you can't you
can't put pressure me on my I mean like
that it's not it doesn't it doesn't just
happen it's not magical
it seems magical but I've gotten so
lucky with just finding Don Wilson Rance
where I shouldn't have I'll do it and
Don Wilson's voice but I can't I cannot
guarantee rent in any way shape or form
yeah and we gotta kill half an hour to
do to to to to to to to to to to
last night all right we can go in now oh
wait that cost money the geodes aren't
worth it it's not were than I need to
buy as many seeds as I can
we're gonna be the crop kings
finding love produce I'll take it off
your hands reasonable price
like I like there's many apples as you
can get me I need apples I got a I got
AI got a loose tooth it's not that loose
so I need a lot of apples to make sure I
get it out I kind of just moves like
like you really it barely moves at all
but I'm just gonna I just like get rid
of the tooth says that's pathetic that
was that was just pathetic
what else did I have to work with III
you know what did I have to work with
her I tried nonsense
ever since that last will the worst I
now have an avid interest in mushroom
hunting seriously so thanks for making
fun of that poor dead mushroom fuck keep
up the good work I'll tell you something
there are more L mushrooms in this game
yeah known for potatoes I'm down with
I'm down with potatoes that's probably
more than I can water so I think I'm
good with that I don't I don't know that
we're gonna get to the point where I can
afford a cow to named after people
and it's starting to run a bit choppy I
don't know my computer's happy with me
right now
oh yeah well you got
we got Jackass that now it's all fine
it's all fine don't need some of that
shoot at the goddamn Museum oh I ain't
even talked to this guy yet
M Ismail not a single piece in the
entire collection I say I say son I say
I say I can't do you somebody Sam this
guy's totally using you somebody Sam
them what's all this you found something
let me see it yeah yeah all right what
you got here now is that looks like you
got some things remarkable yeah yeah I'm
very old now yeah I'd love to the son is
in greater detail but it says this is
yours I'm not just lost it I had it for
a second I got a favor to ask you
you consider donating it and do our
facts minerals that you find we can make
a groundbreaking discovery together oh
who knows you keep donating I might come
across mixed items in your way your
rascal
yeah that's terrible
I need jack for voices look if I'm not
doing Sonny bonds or Don Wilson I'm
failing I'm covered in flop sweat does
that donation bring that object for
disco an area y'all use ooh here's what
naughty heart
yeah sure
take this shit I don't need it jack
jackass I miss my horse I'm so slow
without my horse
look choppy to you or just me
okay all right a lot of fun to do I'm
going to take a break and then I'll
hurry up my farm and whatnot I'll be
right back
okay by the way I owe Milwaukee an
official apology I I had bitched months
and months ago maybe even a year and
your year and years ago that there were
no good gyros in Milwaukee and people
said well what about what on Oakland
gyros and I've been to Oakland gyros
before I wasn't impressed I was not
impressed at all and the other day I was
just I was just in the mood for a damn
hero it's like fuck it I went to Oakland
gyros and maybe it's because I went to a
different restaurant a different Oakland
gyros I don't know it was good it excuse
me said Jones :
it was not the best I've ever had that
still goes to Mickey zeros and on Cicero
and I think it's still in Hope forest
but it was pretty good know what I do
have an issue up with with Oakland
heroes don't make me assemble my own
fucking sandwich if I asked for like
sauce and fed up on my gyro
put it on the ear oh why do I have to do
this work myself that's weird that's
weird I just I want these things or I
would I would have asked for like plain
or hold of this or that like I finished
my gyro and it was good and then I
noticed like this this big hunk of feta
cheese they put off with side whoa I
didn't know there was feta cheese over
there don't don't make me put together
my sandwich that's so weird but was good
it was good
why is rich bitching about this again
I'm not bitching about it I'm
complimenting it I said it was a good
year Oh y'all go fuck yourselves you
didn't want to see me as a hater
you don't care about truth or facts you
just want to pretend I'm a hater I hate
everything
oh that's everything
taking a fork
collecting data data data data
collecting data this is rich next time
you see Jack tell him he is awesome
thank you I will do that
thank you collecting data I'm not gonna
tell Jack not getting Jack a fuck
himself
Pokemon loving fucking idiot
Firewatch is a game where you get lost
you gotta find your direction but you
gotta turn half of the game off before
works
I don't bad for saying that
you know Chuck Chuck might watch this
happy fact I feel bad for saying that
that fucking faggot I said it nothing I
can do about it I said what I said to do
but go with it go full asshole alright
that's all the work I'm doing today in
this game um Michael Cody C aces rich
kudos for mentioning quake 2 the other
day no one gives that game enough love
and what is the next best to the worst
I can't tell you when the next best
immerses but you're welcome on quick to
on inflamable says it's Jai it's it's J
Rho u Farkle J Rho dou P dou you think
Perry is the capital of thumbs but I
went in the restaurant and the man at
the restaurant who was Greek who ran and
owned the Greek restaurant told me it
was called a gyro when I specifically
asked him how is the proper way to
pronounce this so fuck off fuck off
um wait it's just this is no this is not
the next day men sherbert I think it's
always past men sherbert and his men
Schobert actually it says fuck Firewatch
yeah fuck it
shadow elite 5 says rich would you
please switch chairs it would give us
the weird satisfaction in the chat no oh
well not fine where I am
follow the beat of my own drummer not
you not your drummer I don't care about
your drummer your drummer is an asshole
all that helps Nestle
I can't I can't tell if someone's here
or if the wind just keeps blowing shit
around that's some win
like I don't remember hearing the door
it sounds like someone's walking it's
just the wind that's when the killer
walks in the killer has dressed like a
clown walks in and and slits my throat
his clones are inherently creepy I can't
tell you how much I hate clowns they
make me so fucking uncomfortable like I
can't believe there are people out there
who enjoy and are amused by clowns
it makes no sense
all right 9:00 a.m. it's early
everything's watered and I yeah we're
going for or I need or want to upgrade
my shit that's my plan
is there such a thing as clone porn
probably I wouldn't doubt it
I wonder I wonder of clowns have sex by
like making balloon animals genitalia
and and like fucking like a rubber
rubber balloon with another rubber
balloon I wonder if that's the way the
way is that clown masturbation
Oh
quiet down Louis I don't care about the
story stuff right now I don't even tell
you till tell you my grandfather said
goodbye because I hate you Louis
apparently
do they come confetti I don't know if
clones come confetti but they probably
show up at the gangbang and just one
tiny clown car that's where all of the
clowns from the gangbang they just get
out of the one tiny clunker that's all I
know
the real van says in modern Greek before
front vowels the hello in modern Greek
before front vowels the velor stop gamma
has become pol analyzed into a glide
versus what has happened in English
where it has become the Africa J so
basically rich is right okay
like I mu I don't understand any of that
because I was always very terrible at
English which you've heard me speak it's
my primary language and I'm a horrible
at it then terrible in English class
skeletal snuggles is rich does it ever
worry you that maybe you're being
silently judged by a clown in a very
very far away place not anywhere close
to me well I don't care if a clown's
judging me what do I care are some clown
thinks clones are clowns are less than
human really they're the scum of the
earth
fuck clowns
Michael Cote CA says she thought you
guys should have a Star Trek commentary
or video were you were you guy and Mike
were you on the jam some evening J and
Mike talking about the episode movie and
just oh maybe you're not and just forced
J to be in there and have to listen and
comment on the show so this is the whole
thing going out of here I'm not gonna
get to any of this shit tonight but
you're gonna upgrade the community
center by doing things for the the
magical little apple Goblin guys we've
have to go talk to the wizard or
something it's fine I came here I came
her to mine and mine we shall
what happens if I don't upgrade the
community center nothing because the
game doesn't give a fuck what I do yeah
the game is nice like that you do
whatever the fuck you want and I think
I'm gonna get through one more day of
this then I'm gonna turn on FTL I think
I think should be a good run I'll do a
no pause run and you know jack won't be
here to distract me with blathering or
anything no distractions and I can have
a successful no pause run Oh shadow bugs
lettuce more mate I'm just gonna leave
oh god oh god I hate this books
yeah I don't have my nice mouse with my
custom pause button on Oh tight loose I
went on there now their money I'm brain
dead
there's no vanity on out it's all fine
it's all fine
oh wow the Batman vs Superman thing is
to love it
Harris all right all right I'm gonna try
this no pause so I'm probably not gonna
be reading many donations
I probably want to nonnamous says hey
rich in past solo streams we've all
watched movies together if you plan to
play all night do you have any
recommendations I don't thing we're
gonna go all night tonight I'm just not
feeling it
and get him out of the way now handsome
Rob says I know you guys hate
point-and-click but have you ever played
day of the tentacle full throttle or
even the original Sam & Max humor alone
makes those games worth playing I
actually haven't played those nearly
I've played on Lucas ends Lucas arts
side I've played maniac mansion
there's only vaguely point-and-click and
grim fandago really from those part
gruff militaries his friendly reminder
second request gruff volunteering for
FTL crew duty and Dylan that Dylan says
hey rich I've run out of clever ways to
remind you to name an FTL crew member
about me after me but if you send me
your address I'll order you a pizza and
have them write a reminder on the inside
of the box that's the best way to do it
all right and I'm will like I said I
mean you know no pause so I'm probably
not gonna be reading donations except
those last one corpse lot says I know
you guys probably don't like taking
suggestions take suggestions but I think
your stream would really benefit from
something more whimsical
perhaps a clone just spitballing there
we go Lloyd pizzas no pause will mean
silence in this stream also did that 25
mean we still get an FTL next stream if
this goes well if this is a victory then
no if I fail early then yes is that some
fair I want I want to I think I'm one
good full FTL run I think is fair
not a half-assed one though I I want to
I want to click new game and I'm looking
at the OBS screen where it shows what
we're streaming and I almost clicked on
the new game like in the window that
shows what we're streaming I was weird
for a second I thought I saw it cloned
alright new game I did kestrel last time
I use Osprey a lot let's go with let's
go with an insane we stupid stealth ship
run
that's dumb that's really dumb Dre is
now Dylan
Dylan not dylan nida fromage no one
fucking thing fucking alright who else
we got here
Oh Graf Mick military and I think
leftover beefcake asked earlier to be
named after a farm animal but we didn't
get a farm animals so get beefcake
ah it's fine it's fine he's just gonna
show up as a gruff anyway we're throwing
told me if that's too loud you should be
hearing it though should be hearing
something all right
into the breach everybody take a nice
big drink my birthday cake Cola still no
sound all right hold on hold on so Hank
if you're out why you're getting no song
nothing
a pain in the ass
what do I know
why not
Oh
now this is kind of weird stardew valley
conflict going on or what
oh and you don't um you know I might be
maybe it's turned down on my mixer yep
all right now let me go back to OBS
defin everybody well this does what am i
what am i mouse cursor go now I were
cursed its I can click on things but
it's invisible I have an invisible mouse
cursor unless this thing is just dying
are we gonna have to restart the stream
that would be obnoxious
what the fuck get out of there you
cocksucking battery
why are you you're right you in there so
good not even convinced the batteries
the problem all right
my old battery is actually jammed into
the mouse Oh God
I never want to do that again that was
awful fucking awful
still no mouse cursor well it's just
peachy peachy keen
all right interesting
no that's not what I want you to do it
all
all right we're gonna restart the
computer

[Part IV]
my apologies because of that semi crash
I we lost
everybody who sub tonight and I
apologize for that
all right new game will get you you'll
be the only one I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry everyone's gonna miss out in the
shoutouts all right who were the people
they were Dillon you said after after
all this I forgot to put Dillon in here
Dillon gruff gruff miss military and
beefcake of the leftover variety all
right for the sake of chopping this up
later because is gonna have to go up
separate from everything that went
before it I was going to be an FTL no
pause run I'm here doing a solo stream
because Jack couldn't make it in Lisa
had to go do something work-related I'm
not sure what and he had to stay home
and watch the kids and so I just came in
and I'm streaming alone I'm gonna play
some FTL no we're gonna go for a no
pause run so no pausing on this run
start I'm playing on normal
and I want to go get a mousepad a proper
mousepad because it's gonna be
impossible on this board I have right
back right
all right we're beginning again we start
Oh for crying out loud all right jump
maybe why I hate nebulous
Oh everyone's mic in my face
blue events taking the blue
it's gonna be difficult with a stealth
ship actually it's gonna be this really
dump ship to do this with yep as this is
not gonna work now with this ship I
think we have to get a different ship
for this
yeah well time
all right what are you oh wait now still
Jim I definitely don't want asteroids
oh that's good
now No
this is insane why did I try this
good this is not gonna last long I would
have tried this if this fells early I
won't try another run don't worry about
that and is gonna fill very early oh oh
no I I accidentally put back to the I
don't know how that happened like how
did that happen I never have good luck
with the Mantis show and I don't want to
do boarding
I wanted to boarding or beams we're
gonna drool ship yeah that's a smart
call we're going with back with ruff and
and everyone
who was it was a done
Grif and beefcake
are you a barber beefcake is that
reference is that reference right nice
in this day and age or is that like a
what what's that old man talking about
talking about things that I don't know
because we're old
could check their offer
oh really come on come on hurry up no
drums chefs are just Opie alright no
pause runs
then again I am gonna have to constantly
worry about ammo
come on I'm gonna weapon sit him in the
weapons useless drone fuck oh good
I shouldn't has power good water oxygen
to have power
all right
doing
Russia
kind of boring kind of boring I wanted
to avoid the the Osprey or the was at
the castle I think because I guess
trolled because I used those all the
time but no pause and roam I don't feel
like there's that much different from a
regular pause run
and fucking drone keeps hitting that one
empty room doesn't do me any favours oh
he hit the other empty room while I'm
taking damage
this stream suddenly got really boring I
thought you people loved FTL as FC l no
longer beloved or is it only fun when
I'm blowing up okay people only gonna
deal and Devine defend the outpost
always always
I never really used the dreamchip much
before god it's at least early on this
things Opie
whatever got the storm
give rich a hat
Jack Jack is not here
this is going really really well so far
comically so
yes rich solo stream we were doing a
rich solo stream tonight Jack Jack could
not make it
jaga's Jack is babysitting his own
children
you cannot come out and play fix it fix
it fix it wait a second wait
I know you can fucking die I hate you
alpha
oh shit
I keep my cool keep my cool keep my cool
fire to not kill me fires did Sarah Shen
says this this is fine keep up the good
work
also good shirt sorry thank you
am I saying that right sorry I'm
assuming it's a read SAR why I can only
presume we will not hand over the
crewmembers of slavers come on like
that's never gonna happen
Oh deep our detour yeah you stop hitting
my weapons you fuckers did I remember to
when I had to restart the computer to
turn down the oh my god volume I'll fix
that in a second I'll fix that in a
second I am in a middle of a no pause
battle for life and death here people
people want to see me defeat the evils
so-and-so's right what we all want
I was a human okay alright there's
something fix problem and we'll continue
yep there we go
the Oh My gods have been decreased
that's it I have to nag jak2 to get that
where I don't know why Jack hasn't done
a jack is known there's been a problem
for like a month and a half and nothing
nothing I don't know I don't get it
he's not doing his job I think we're
gonna have to cut Jack he's on he's off
the team
yes please
we're gonna eye on the fuck out of all
these motherfuckers
oh I got to name that person the real
they on it's you
it's you
we're doing good you go heal smiles can
fix that shit and we will rename Kapil
iike a couple Luka is now the real van
the real deal Holyfield a fan spell
vieille ve ve oh and I think right
things for you on is there any in there
my brains telling there's an A in there
my heart's telling me there's not an A
in there I'm conflicted I'm conflicted
as it is fine it's fine it's just gonna
show up is the real anyway
it's it there's no way I didn't think
there was I thought there might have
gotten actually I can't yell if I didn't
think there was I wouldn't have had that
debate with myself so I guess I did kind
of think there was whatever we're going
on we're gonna shoot things and that's
that's fun it's fun to shoot things
that's what life has taught me I am
blast their asses
Oh barely I got an achievement yeah yay
beat the guy up
No Surrender haha this is FTL where I am
a bloodthirsty monster
well that's man that's not my pilot all
right we're doing okay we're doing okay
yeah
yeah I've got a path and everything
we're good we're good
no audio I knew I knew bringing the OBS
down what mute the game I'm so used to
Jack being here I almost turned to say
that to Jack which would have been
really weird considering Jack isn't here
fuck it does that work there's something
that works yes it's gonna have to do all
right
baby Slayer one five six says this has
been the most fun solo rich stream there
has ever been way to turn it up to 11
please tell Jack the next time you see
him they should stay away more often
wink wink the real van says I may not I
may not live to see our glory but I will
gladly join the fight and when our
children tell our story they'll tell the
story of tonight let's have another
round tonight is the thing solidarity my
brother man shoot my oxygen waive my
oxygen I need that
oh that's right I have magical healing
all right let's fine everyone
everything's fine
thank God I didn't sell that energy bed
box ship that would have been that would
have been a mistake the real van says
raise a glass to freedom something they
can never take away no matter what they
tell you where is a glass to the four of
us tomorrow there'll be more of us
telling the story of tonight solidarity
brother or something
oh just right now this instance I should
stick to the nebula I stretched my arms
tonight
yet if Jack was here he would remind me
to didn't he'd probably wouldn't under
distress matter
colors refreshing
it's got Mike
all right drones just doing all the damn
work quiz on ik one are you a fan of
happy clowns or sad clowns I'm a fan of
no clowns hate them clowns death -
clones down with the clown and I'm not
clowning around clown clown clown clown
I don't know I just say thanks it's my
job not even smart things anymore I just
gave up
yeah I don't suppose you can actually
shoot him anywhere important drone
I don't need missiles I need scrabble I
take fuel and as well Oh he's offering a
couple drones but I have the I think I
bought the drone yeah no no we're not
accepting you can die mister man even
the ICP rich especially the ICP fuck
those clowns
dude 26 three fuel I'm happy with that
our clowns worse than the bagpipes yes
there we go you know I'm gonna get a
shot off you motherfucker
yours dead dead in the water bitch bitch
yes this is a no pause run lots of scrap
I like that ooh
goddamnit not worth it
totally not worth it hey I got a store
anyway nothing I need though cloned by a
mind control hmm no no no no shields or
engines their own shields mind control
rod I would go mind control route if
this weren't a no pause run and this
weren't an NG ship I would I would I
would I would like to pair up mind
control with like boarding parties that
would be need damn get chills
you people are you you people in the
chat you're always a fan of shields I'm
getting shields this time I think it's
almost always better to go with engines
though shields don't block missiles
that's what kills you
missiles is what kills you
why was he time to find a store
start hitting those fucking weapons
something something hit weapons before I
get killed by the missiles that this
thing is firing at me that I have no
defense against oh no rape by missiles
rape by fucking missiles that's what
happened right there at least I got
something I could sell
a lot of fuel I'll take it
Jesus Christ what have I walked into
says inspector Google you've you've run
into a ain't no pause run like beats
says hope rich reads this so he gets the
detracted and blows up it says detracted
so he blows up and it has to say to play
FTL next stream like he promised even
though he already broke his promise when
he dies with the cloak ship and reset I
didn't break my promise with that many
the vert King the Vera King no pause run
P AWS a hashtag rich Evans hates furries
confirmed hates strong word I'm not a
furry but I don't I don't hate furries
if you want to get off looking at Bugs
Bunny and drag that is none of my
business and I know I know that was
horribly insulting and probably not an
accurate description of furry culture
it's a fucking joke it's a fucking joke
oh stop missing you fuck
I don't feel like this is much of a no
pause run god these is combat drones
make no pause runs fairly trivial
relatively trivial
all right take out those fucking shields
and never go back on keep them down
forever
yeah continue the song it's not a prick
all right kill this thing before those
weapons fire oh my god
that is why I didn't target the shields
initially because I knew a shot was
gonna get through because that thing was
armed to the fucking teeth but fair -
crap store there's always a store
whenever I upgrade like always unless I
check first
upgrade those engines like I did I did
that thing
all right all right I'm happy with that
but yeah I'm happy with my hook
why don't I use hotkeys cuz an FTL the
only real hotkey I need is pause I don't
mind clicking on things with the mouse
it's fine it's all fine maybe a maybe
maybe I'm maybe that doesn't make me a
hardcore enough gamer for you but that's
why I play deal
all three three sucks charge kind of
sucks good teleporter and right now
cloaking can't afford a bit expensive
anyway really hacking hacking
do I want hacking
do I want hacking you get that goddamn
laser the burst laser is a piece of the
the burst laser three is a piece of shit
for power for five shots ridiculous
ridiculous
half of them still miss not to flex for
that for power you get six shots and you
get a much shorter charge time because
that that fucking that puny five shots
four for power
yeah it's one three nineteen seconds
you're better off with two two power
weapons you get faster fire rate and you
fire it off more rounds burst three is
shit complete shit
whole laser - not super exciting
what I'm looking at is that hacking was
rich really complaining about burst
accuracy and then recommending flack
here's the thing with the verse 3 when
you're charged up time is 19 fucking
seconds every missed shot really fucking
hurts those those dual flax do you're
shooting those well yeah I got like like
10 second cooldown or something that is
it's it's much faster
now that were a burst laser - I'd be all
over that shit and I have to make a
hacking decision ah fuck it I don't
usually use it and why not where we'll
do different things occasionally it's
boring if I do the same shit and FTL
over and over
sorry lagging
there is a nun not exciting event in
heaven
right
that's a lot fuel and I don't want to
face those flak guns going off again
yeah I'll take the pride
yes sometimes the AI is dumb enough to
hack the camera I can't help that
it's good
oh they've got they've got some nasty
shit here alright
this will be a slow one
slow indeed alright fuck as long as I
can keep their weapons locked down
that'll be fine but a pain in the ass
you can't keep missing though you stupid
drum ship you can't miss all the time
that's not good that's bad keep shooting
them in the drone damn it
oh good no I'm not
why so heartless with that TL I'm not
heartless in other games and other games
I'm mr. good guy I save everybody I can
goodness is the only way FTL
die motherfucker why is that I'll take a
chance
if I I'll fight you I don't care I'll
fight anything fucker fuck you fucker
who the fuck do you think you are kill
everything I said I say kill everything
all the time I got a bunch of scrap I
can spend friendly and I firmly hold on
to it just to find a store or a good
weapon like what if I find another ion
blast too
we'll put some fuckers on lockdown
hey free free repair oh right that
worked out just great
attack him I get to the cash yes always
be attacking always always never stop
never stop attacking
you have no idea what's going on I am
doing a FTL no death run or not no death
run well they're all FTL no death runs
but no pause room though no crew have
died
that's not happen
de-stress gotta go to the distress nope
fuck you giant aliens fires not gonna
cool beverage to turn on you stupid
thing
many the Vera King says no Paul oh wait
no that's nothing
alright last tip they don't always show
up right away for some reason I don't
get it I think I've been staring at the
screen too long my visions start to get
blurry
and type vaio them I don't have an anti
the anti bio beam so that would be
impossible
distraction boys better nothing that's
decent it's decent
is it the best no but it's decent I have
the tools oh wait she's a pulsar I
wasted totally wasted that's okay that's
okay we can we can survive this
no fuck you die you damaged me so you
get to die those are the rules
I'll say the forks I hope this works
man those sensors man those sensors I
need to see what's going on that thing
Oh No
that that was all the time
stop that stop that
and it nope nope no alpha
Bern Bern
oh here the tip finally came up sorry
Sean says uh has a tip ever distracted
to slash killed you want to game my
accident no one is not that's right
nice try
fuck
what the fire do his work let the fire
do its work
it's invest in sensors say something
hello hello I said hello
surrender you're good sir
all right what goodies did I get whoo
nice all right are we going for him that
was put sorry Shannon here
you're a mentis person you're a horrible
violent mantis person maim some people
for me
hacking hacking Oh God
I have hacking
no fog my engines were charging I tried
I looked at jump earlier but I was all
out of engine and it didn't work out
didn't work out if they kicked in when I
was frantically clicking on things Lutz
that's the nature of a no pause run I
tried to get out of there I wanted to
get out of there
I fucking hate fucking solar flares ah
fuck all right I'll well at least start
next stream with FTL we'll do another
run hopefully it'll be a good one
hopefully it'll be a good one thank you
to my crew for for failing to get me
through let me unfortunately we lost
most of the the list of people who who
subbed in resub today I have a few of
you written down I will read you now but
everybody who subbed earlier thank you
very much and also thank you to
Professor physics
16 months a horrible glory 17 months and
midnight and II thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
and if Jack were here we would say it's
true we really do so Oh
