Sep 28, 2016
Clustertruck
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/95906142
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/95943925
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-fIJxddYu8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zykgSXywlI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/781291086140493824

[Part I]
I haven't seen people freak out yet that
were streaming oh wait and hello and now
we've tweeted I haven't seen people
freak out that hey anybody here oh they
just don't care anymore maybe they're
just conversation they don't even know
oh there we go it begins hey hey hey hi
everybody
so from what I know about cluster truck
is it started off almost as a joke
someone was making some other game that
had trucks in it and they uploaded like
a gif of just someone running on top of
the trucks and said isn't this funny
yeah and everyone on the internet said
this looks like a game I really want to
play and so came cluster truck a game
about jumping on trucks alright yes
Karen is here hi
we're cluster truck whoa oh my god
also there is there is twitch voting on
this one and so you can press number one
number two number three - like and -
like fuck with us during gameplay
and if it becomes too awful we'll just
turn it off but so this is kind of the
game oh god whoa shit you just jump on
trucks oh my god the trucks right yeah
it's hard alright hey I can handle this
so this ain't no thing great
what makes you don't fire I think just
repeat it jumps they seem to get more
like a double jump triple jump Oh like
consecutive jumps yeah I'm gonna wait
hi Tiberius Tiberius Kirk just some body
body right type here is your disembodied
everything we can just see your text Shh
Aaron's just a disembodied voice but pay
no attention with a woman behind her so
this time too I think the Oz the great
and powerful oh my god I'm so awful I
believe tie the time it's just the
leader board thing oh really so I can
just stay on the truck and probably
unless unless there's an event like here
or maybe now all right all right all
right
yeah I don't think you could be on the
truck when there's like some kind of
avalanche nope
and why are all these trucks having a
massive high-speed convoy during an
earthquake yeah you know Karen trucking
is how we get all of our goods yeah a
lot of our goods are sent for trucks and
if they're driving like these guys it's
a wonder that if it gets there all right
I officially suck high fat Cylon hi
everyone oh the trucks are at an angle
sometimes and that makes you jump higher
oh okay this looks even harder than the
octopus game I was playing an octave
daddy had be playing Octodad we played
that yeah yeah look like though that
that was super fun I never knew walking
could be that difficult we don't know we
don't know how good the game is yet this
is you know we just turned it on I don't
even remember buying this game nope it
was just maybe someone gifted it to me
it was just I saw that it was coming out
today so I went to steam to buy it and
it was already in my library
so somebody gifted it to us something
thank you yeah thank you if you gifted
it to what is this and why this is
cluster truck it's a game where you jump
on trucks it's kind of like a reverse
dad like verse why why do we do anything
why does anyone do why does anyone
anything hey so what's new
the big news that pertains to us and
everyone on Twitter made sure we knew
about this I'm on the chug I think that
truck got lost and you weren't supposed
to jump ahead that's the way I was
moving yeah that truck stopped off to go
piss yeah you you you have to like use
the other stick to look Wow aw don't you
come but just autoplay so oh god news is
there is an advert advertising
regulatory agency that is taking a look
at no man's sky false advertising to see
if they fall under some sort of false
advertising suit which you know is very
exciting news to anyone who felt duped
by no man's sky I looked into the
according to the article written what
would happen is if they found them false
advertising all that would happen is
they'd have to remove all their
advertising it wouldn't even be fine
like they wouldn't be in unless they
refused to remove their advertising they
wouldn't necessarily be fine but they've
already sold that shit
exactly Oh tiny truck so so what's the
next step NYX they get class-action
lawsuit the disgruntled gamers exactly
so it doesn't seem like it oh those
trucks like extra skinny yeah yep that's
the that's the chat talking with us so
it doesn't seem like on I'm terrible
even if they're fine found to be like
guilty of false advertising it doesn't
sound like there'd be that many
repercussions
besides someone saying haha you false
advertised their sales their sales have
probably already taken to nosedive and
nobody's ever gonna want to buy anything
from that company again exactly exactly
I know you approve of twitch voting in
the game beefcake I don't know how rich
feels about it at this moment yeah all
of his trucks are in the diet
oh nice land stick their landing I tried
to jump it didn't work it thanks mal
radical mall radical that's why we you
know we we like mall rekkles says they
watched us play no man's sky before they
bought that's the service that rich and
I provide I said it reminded me very
very much of when I used to work for the
dentist when he was when he would clean
the tartar off TV that was what mining
look like and I was getting paid to be
there for the tartar removal right whoa
nice don't mess it up don't mess it up
so what do you think rich are you filled
with rock and roll oh don't with
something oh nice nice whoo
I think you just type in the number like
it says like you know one is tiny trucks
two is double gravity threes min max
what and I think you just type in the
number into chat what is 3 min max which
is I um type 3 I just want to see what
that is no no no also sorry if you are
tipping but the laptop decided to
restart and I don't have any of the tips
yet so give me a moment if you're
tipping everyone wants to double gravity
though
now this looks like a game you play for
free um a free online game website oh
you know fuck yeah
nice I think this was a very small team
like I said originally I think this was
a joke like look at what I can do in my
game engine that's 400 the trucks are
coming the other way now ah oh that's
neat
okay what's min/max
nope nope nope nope we don't know what
min/max is but like are you jumping any
different I think water madly jumping
you're automatically jumping yeah Oh
Karen is doing something okay what are
you working on is Karen doing what the
hell are you doing is Karen doing Karen
is convoying convoy dude I guess you
could use a mouse and keyboard but why
it's more of a controller game I think
convoy I didn't want to try this you're
much better at this stuff than I am and
you're having a hard time with some min
max was forcing me to jump me Max is
forcing you to jump you kind of used the
momentum of the crash I like that Smokey
and the Bandit no smoking Oh little
smokey a little bandit
ha whoa God come to us shit no I don't
think that was enough for a copyright
strike I think we're fine it's about 10
seconds if that mean if and we were
singing over it like this to me this
looks like a this looks like a game
where you know let's say you have a
let's say you have a friend who wants to
play something really silly come over
and you go you got to check out cluster
trip this is this is a game you have
someone play to get them into gaming in
general like play this silly cluster
truck game nice oh oh oh you're doing it
you're doing it maybe no you're another
trucks Wow a lot of trucks are you
condoling again
oh wow you were there I thought you were
there and we had a request for that
somebody said Smokey and the Bandit
which I believe a song called eastbound
and down cluster truck frequently asked
questions shows you've got a hit number
with the number fYI trucks were like the
Internet of the seventies it's like this
big new shiny life changing culture
changing society changing things oh and
not just chart you know just like CB
radios in general like people had CB
radios and they would talk to long-haul
truckers yeah they built they built the
express place the 50s and the 60s and by
the 70s these companies were really
using a haul truck and yeah the Golden
Age of the long-haul trucker now they're
they're talking about replacing them
with Google trucks or self-driving cars
stop thank you odd brother for
explaining the mid max min Max is a game
modifier which requires you to jump plus
move forward at each frame you can
possibly do so it also forces you to use
your movement ability on every frame so
that it's possible to do so so min max
just makes it harder it all oh nice one
nice one hmm
this is like pod racing for rednecks
absolutely is this even like possible to
play through without them messing with
you
yeah we can turn off twitch I'm just
wondering like no I know that but I mean
like it seems like it's impossible it's
hard to begin with and it's like
impossible once they start I think
that's the idea yeah I think that's the
idea this is brutal
what's that movie where where the whole
crust of the earth starts falling in
2012 is that it with like the whole
planets like sinking or something and
there's people driving at all the
grounds like collapsing behind them and
stuff
PJ stever's you're absolutely right once
we get to the the Golden Age of
self-driving cars yes every single
person who drives for a living will be
out of a job yeah it's something we need
to prepare for because a lot of people
are employed in the transportation
industry the number one number one job
and a lot of driver which is brought is
rather broadly defined it's the most
common job in a lot of states I believe
that I would absolutely about are you
you're on a truck still you're fine yeah
nope no please
now in the in the grocery industry where
I've spent a fair amount of time a lot
of those people don't just drive they
also unload which may be robots could do
and they order and they communicate with
store personnel so I'm not sure that
they could simply be replaced with a
self-driving truck oh sure but you can
you can get rid of percentage yeah
access denied and and you would be able
to broaden your hiring to include people
who don't have a CDL right who may have
who may have vending skills you know but
not necessarily as commercial truck
driving skills first I don't know how
big of a truck you have to be before you
need a CD Alex I'm gonna have like this
box trucks I don't know if those are
truck trucks they're not semis what does
access denied' mean do we know we don't
know I don't we don't know
Oh Deanery ever change can you change
the color of the trucks that would be
nice give them some logos on the side
like give I have a previously recorded
truck and a coke truck yes granted I
have no idea what speaking of one last
note on driver automation I know I've
mentioned it before but in case someone
wasn't around that day there's a
wonderful hello
what is that who is doing that and how
are they doing head maybe they're
blowing up the number of times they're
allowed to screw with you and it's
denying their access this is crazy if
you haven't what what is your favorite
color what is your name what is your
quest our favorite color is blue 90% of
people probably say blue probably you
want to say the hot pink hot pink our
favorite color is hot pink I don't think
you get to hear you well I'm just I
don't know
can I type it in I think rich likes red
hot pink blue hard to say I like red but
it's got to be a cool red and not a real
roll bread like Target red is a bit much
my favorite customer the next picture of
you I shut the front door it's blue why
are they blue now why are they blue now
rich favorite color they like pac-man
goes oh they colored in blue because yes
what your favorite color was oh they can
make the cut Trix what is happening is
something is happening here I think
somebody somebody colored the trucks
somebody colored the trucks rich alright
so this is a thing that the chat can do
and they make them red or can they have
patterns logo that go to polka dot I
kind of like red
though a cadre of hot pink trucks is an
interesting sight the chat is doing this
the hand to be yeah they said what color
you like and we said blue and they said
and you said hot pink it's they made a
blue it's a somebody made of hot pink
what what happened oh the hot pink
messed with it event loading well one we
are in control things in Chad we are
landfall gets fucked with oh you're
gonna get bored of just watching a
sitting here motionless you could
probably turn us back good what do you
guys do what do you guys want to do all
right well it's been a fun stream yeah
it's been nice it's been a pleasure
Oh flying sharks their landfall games is
in Chad rich oh yes and I'm sure they're
fuckin with streamers today oh it's a
first ability here Oh God levitation
sounds useful what sounds fun though
well of a taste it sounds like Princess
Peach and Mario too you know super truck
super true yeah super truck oh no
another point we only have 27 thousand
points alright alright so know you can
get air dash or double jump or jet pack
jet pack jet pack so the people who made
this game are screwing with you guys
live I think they are that's kind of
Awesome and I think
I think they're having a great time
giggling well they messed with us sure
we'll get the jet back teleportation
what's the disrespected blink do Oh
find out next time liberal ow sir if we
wanted to Oh hot pink I love hot pink
try another way I we did turn on the the
twitch integration at any point we could
uncheck the the play with twitch button
and they wouldn't be able to mess with
it I don't think
oh shit bud no it's more fun this way
you guys can vote on stuff and mess with
us it's interactive do you guys want
black hole trucks or gun trucks
surprises surprises black pop rocks our
god I'm so I'm so awful at this
why oh the chat is saying black hole
black hole black hole black hole yep
black hole oh you drive
oh no no black hole trucks oh no oh wow
how can you even oh wait you have a
jetpack now I don't know how to use it
it's I think it's one of the bumpers
let's do both Oh God oh jeez look at
this no I'm not dead I'm not dead I
don't want to use it one of the bumpers
they're one of the triggers you have to
figure out how to use oh are those the
guide trucks I think these are the gun
trucks yes Oh God God truck the style do
anything for you Oh what if God wasn't
one of trucks but a God was made of
truck what if he rolled up with us in a
truck not in
Shire choose micro buzz I'm drinking but
I'm not drinking we think you guys would
be great speed well you don't have to
rub it in I think rich is doing a
fantastic yes I would I'm a terrific
slow runner my whole life I've been a
terrific slow runner Oh God say what you
need to figure out this old jet pack
situation
exploding trucks oh no - 100
Loden oh my god I think they're
speedrunning hereit's which is gonna
have an aneurysm gonna play this but
what do you need to play this with an
electric toothbrush
he needs rich needs his diabetes
medication yo don't know which needs his
hypertension but I'm shocked oh my god
how terrible wasn't having it you didn't
have it before but he might have it now
Oh God Oh cute okay you can do it rich
you can do it I believe in you take it
slow
right
rich I think I think I think there I
think this is more my speed
hey guys think about which oh the trucks
explode after you land yep you can find
a try wrong shit otherwise I don't know
oh wait truck
oh sweet lord back up back up back up ok
ok let's take a moment yeah press pause
what and how do you use your jetpack I
don't know how you that's what I'm
saying is like figure out how to use
your jetpack landfall games
how does rich uses jet I might not have
it equipped properly well main menu ok
how do we equip and use the jetpack so
we can try that out abilities oh I
probably you know what it wasn't
equipped it was on I screwed up okay so
now go to options and go to controls so
you know how to use it alright ability
the bumpers the bumpers okay good okay
now we are ready to go because I feel
like this this level you specifically
need your jetpack oh yeah that's it yes
now you can play flying truck jump yeah
we charge you're gonna I I think someone
just gave you like a special mode
because you keep dying
I think someone in the chat probably
land video mode said rich needs a little
help he needs time to get his heart rate
back down rich needs a little help with
this you know I'm gonna fall I'm gonna
fall right in front of the goal and we
use my jetpack to go through us and I'm
gonna do reason her brain alright using
our brain no I guess do it I got some
great airtime going on here brag too
much
devs take away jetpack
what and here we don't disable the
jetpack don't do it
did they disable the jetpack oh okay I
know what a laser truck is now you know
I and I thought it would be silly to ask
what a laser truck was what do I do you
can make trucks do this many things all
right you know all right when you are in
the when you are in the the cluster
truck bit oh yes when you're in the
cluster truck business it's your
business to cluster some trucks you know
it sounds like you you can't just have
regular trucks they're tricked out or
truck that they're true oh they're tried
they're tricked-out trucks they're
tricked out and trucked up that laser
truck okay stop it stop it
laptop laptop laptop
oh go yes we got started two months ago
laptop there we go
don't worry chose updates are finally
installed thank you for showing up I
think it's not messing with us now
probably not making someone hungry oh I
wish I could share my pirate booty with
you boy oh well too bad second actually
I'm not crunching too loud I did pull
the microphone away from my head a
little that's very kind of you
there's been up for a while too so they
must just like check every now and then
red no okay where this week oh I thought
you said it's been out for I thought you
said it was on your Steam for a while oh
it was I think I bought it during early
access okay but I didn't play it because
you know I like to play games later oh
you know what I think it was a sale it
was one of those like this game comes
out in a couple of weeks buy it now for
50% off and I said oh heck yes
no can rip say aid but like how rich
says it
what aid hey there you go let's see here
ler Teac says hey guys just want to say
I'm hosting a horror movie stream every
weekend all October called the scream
extreme
that's great ludia yak Halloween is
right around the corner and I I don't
know about you like I know J starts
celebrating Halloween in September
because he's Jane but I refuse to put up
Halloween decorations before October 1st
I am a huge fan of all things sugar
skull and tend to keep a lot of things
that could be considered Halloween II up
around okay but like when it comes to
specifically decorating for Halloween
what's your policy um actually a lot of
our Halloween decorations are my
mother's garage and have been for a
number of years now so unless I remember
to bring them up I don't know if we're
going to all out decorate for Halloween
okay but like I said we've got enough of
enough sugar skulls and skulls things in
general I kind of like that like cutesy
cutesy mild Magothy kind of decor anyway
so we're kind of passably Halloween
doubt your round all I know is that my
children are really upset with me at the
moment because I refuse to decorate
before I owe their kids what are they
gonna do about it
oh nothing but it's every day like any
other people have started to put up
decorations so we're walking around
those those people put up decorations
why can't we cuz I want to wait until
October first I like to wait until
accident and then Saturday let's cut and
that's what I tell them it's coming
no no no so you know I'm like that with
every holidays Halloween Halloween being
early doesn't really bother me so much
as the Christmas stuff that sometimes
starts in August gets a little annoying
it's like when it's when it's 75 degrees
in Chicago or Milwaukee it's not
Christmas the Christmas creep as it's
called yeah it creeps up and up I know
some places it's warm all year but
around here it just doesn't feel
Christmasy until the leaves fall off the
trees right oh I like what's happening
here why did that fill huh you can't hit
you can't hit any obstacle Ridge that's
close that was it Karen is here she's
the lady you hear talking I'm told I'm
showing my accent and you're where does
my ex that make me sound like I'm from
you Chicago accent are you getting a
little getting a little I've been told I
sound Minnesotan which is interesting
Minnesota Minnesota don't you know don't
you know I think a lot of people confuse
the like the Fargo accent with a
Wisconsin accent nice nice one like that
one that was a good one that felt good
can you hear me crunching a lot I could
pull the microphone away further
oh okay I was an easy one I think II was
getting on the right truck
yeah wait next time I want to see your
your rank again okay
it's that northern accent people from
the north don't have an accent people
from the south right hey everybody else
has an accent
actually that's partially true they say
that newscasters when when they when
they start in like broadcasting school
they are taught to speak with a
Midwestern accent because it is Paris
most best accent it well it's the most
neutral accent so it's easiest to
understand by the most amount of people
you know you got your Boston your pack
you can to have it yeah yeah or your
Southside Chicago traditional da bears
right exact all bears or if someone
comes in from out of town Chicago Sara
Lee gonna understand they say that most
people most broadcasters are taught the
Midwestern all right now Speedwagon says
people from the south don't have an
accent people from the north have a
knack you'll be quiet okay you're wrong
and you're a liar
yes Californians have an accent that's
subtle to the ears of it Westers but
it's there
Kansas there's I see it's so funny to
people on the chat go actually it's not
it wasn't Midwestern it was Ohio on them
to comments down actually newscasters
learned on Indianapolis accent so I
guess that's the same thing Indianapolis
Ohio right
no Indianapolis is in Indiana
that's an Indiana right see to me
Indianapolis sound subtly southern yes I
have that experience as well are you
doing a kids in the hall sketch call go
knock I know she can go beat the trucks
that's worth something right I get bonus
points for beating the trucks
I I think I saw your rank once and you
know like it was a hundred and four or
1100 and 14th place yes so I don't think
you're killing it huh well I don't have
money it might be great jacks it could
be great
it's just said like won first place out
there extra trucks I like it I like the
extra fat trucks the better than the
extra skin eater they're cute well nope
nope Oregon Oregon has tons of accents
dad do Oregonians sound like like Kurt
Cobain and the Washington people like
satellites I don't know did Kurt Cobain
Avonex they see out lights like
satellites oh that what you're from
thank you thank you
Seattle lights yeah maybe it might be
sad ones see Owens
what's with it we walk is what Milwaukee
ins Milwaukee and Milwaukee ins okay
which is a tongue twister yep
it's not as bad as like connect it like
that healthy have any size trucks and
mr. bit you real trucks have real trucks
have curves which means none of these
are real structs is there is there a mod
where you can make some sausage shape
some rich slides off the sides so by the
way that's a marketing opportunity with
Oscar Mayer they could all turn into the
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile
yeah oh there's a lot of marketing
opportunities thank you talking to be
Oscar Mayer beautiful coke trucks and
Pepsi trucks and beer trucks and of
course if you put beer trucks and they
probably we have to be like like mature
audiences only because heaven forbid
anybody see the logo oh yeah can't see
beer logos you're drinking Stan ranging
instantly just love the Budweiser frogs
yeah okay gotta beat them those boulders
I used to love that you got it you
commercials for whatever for bubble I
don't know I don't sorry Karen you were
saying we started screaming that my
favorite beer commercials when I was a
kid we were to the ones but they would
say give me a light so they give them
like tiki torches
okay so we're
stuff they'd be like no Bud Light which
is kind of not my favorite but it's
nobody's favorite yeah it's nobody's
favorite except for people with I'm in
max that's forcing me to use my it's one
of the less offensive widely available
super budget baseball game II kind of
well
so I'll give it that Bud Light is a
people who have wheat allergies drink
Bud Light because instead of being made
with we did this movie is made with rice
I did not know that right and so well
what happened I'm afraid I'm compensated
for the min/max so it's like gluten-free
or whatever but like I don't know if
it's gluten-free but it's it's it's just
not made with yeah with wheat and so it
is a right yet it's like a rice beer and
so I know a lot of people who have a
wheat sensitivity or celiac disease or
whatever that is do Bud Light I think it
tastes like ass garbage it's not good I
think I I would much rather have a fine
Miller products you know Miller Lite is
basically water yes you can do it you
can do it hard to get on I've already
done it's been done oh I thought you
were going for speed for speed down but
a lot of beer isn't made with wheat oh
well I don't think on a large scale like
there are gluten-free beers but it
tastes like ass garbage it does I I do
not like Bud Light I do not like it it's
not as bad as old-style you know what
given the choice I'd choose an old style
I would choose just about anything over
Bud Light
just about anything oh that's right
Tiberius Kirk uh Tiberius Kirk says rich
is going for distance he's going for
speed he's all alone all alone in his
time of need because he's racing and
chasing and Counting the goose is
fighting and biting and hugging every
curve old man I don't even know all the
lyrics that one he's uh oh I made with
Bart yeah maybe barley not wheat I don't
know
but lights made with rice it's made
differently which is the moral of the
story get with me get be with me jazz
made with an alternate starch yes all
right
how's that for fucking speed I mean I
don't know we'll see Oh water 82 last
time it was like 1,200 so I think you're
getting better I think you lower numbers
are better when it comes to speed yes oh
that's how long a measurement of how
long it took you yeah oh well ring me
based on how long it took other people
what is Miss it's like the North Pole or
something yes tips aren't working oh
look a different location that's nice
this all are these all heading to the
North Pole to get to get merchandise
from Santa so they can drive down to
Walmart I like it this is a
christmas-themed Oh God Laser trucks
rich Jack you're gonna deal with the
laser trucks I will deal with the laser
trucks as soon as I read this tip from
old handsaw hey puckers all this
trucking action has me longing for a hal
needham for a he'll need a movie any
chance of doing his films for best the
worst megaforce death car rad mega force
is great mega force is a great moment
that is I don't know if you saw we saw I
saw that a bee fest and it was great
mega forest is fantastic it's very
cheesy gamer child game child do cases
hi jack
and rich Evans finally got the five
three five nine four Z achievements dr
and got the real Mega Buster
Oh Dead Rising yeah now playing to get
every survivor psychopath done fuck Erin
fuck Gordon saw your let's play of Dead
Rising it's hard yeah it is satisfying
them that's great that's great
Megaforce is a mega forces and fantastic
movies I think you know I've talked
about this before like that we've made
like shit
yeah we have we have those like lists of
uh we have those lists that we made of
like possible best of the worst episodes
and Megaforce is on there somewhere so
is it I think we added oh you know what
I think you know what I think
I think we have Megaforce on beta and we
were looking to do a Betamax episode but
we couldn't find two other Betamax tapes
I think that was the problem with
Megaforce I could see that I don't know
if we have Megaforce on VHS but that was
what it was is we wanted to do a Betamax
episode because we had Megaforce on beta
but we couldn't find two other Betamax
moose oh oh no beta yeah hey
it was superior in quality it was
superior in quality but not as readily
available so you know what one the thing
that was more readily available
Oh God oh Jesus Christ the Smokey and
the Bandit came who earnest on do it we
need beta tapes bouncy trucks rich
bouncy trucks oh fuck
you have your jet pack yep oh wow nice
thanks Roger
bouncy Oh fancy trucks oh look at this
look at that clusterfuck
um rich any thoughts on dead rising the
movie no not really gonna be zombie
movie well then you talking about the
this who made those crackle ones
oh dude they've made click to wait like
full movies yeah really
no oh I figure I thought this was new
information alright faster more intense
harder faster better stronger girl Jack
trigger choices I'm so confused yet I am
still entertained yeah the ice is so far
that's been kind of a game nice nice oh
oh I did see that I don't know if you if
you saw the exhilarating news but Campo
Santo is getting into the moviemaking
business they are making a fire watch
movie but
nice pad was a good level yes good no
hey hey we don't want to get sued yeah I
have to get to them we have to talk over
to monetize this room we have to talk
over this until we get to the polka what
is the maximum length that's just going
for what course is that too long I mean
I don't I don't know if there sometimes
it's instant if the bots get it okay we
have to be very careful okay so they're
making a fire watch movie okay which
yeah yeah maybe it is a movie that's
what it should have been in the first
fucking place yeah
could be a good movie I wonder if much
like we saw with comic books here look
at me making video games so they can
make a movie so they can sell the movie
rights oh dear God that's why I'm I
could see it that's what we saw in comic
book times do some people literally just
making comic books like how boys an
alien they couldn't sell the movie
Cowboys and Aliens so they made a they
made a graphic novel with the express
purpose of selling the graphic novel as
a movie because they couldn't sell the
script the same script for the graphic
novels mursalin and it worked because
studios were buying comic book movies
now studios are gonna buy video game
movies so think about you know what I
got this idea for a movie I'll make it
into a small indie game and a studio
will buy it a movie about jumping on top
of trucks right I've seen action movies
built around less what was that what was
the first person action movie that just
came out oh God double gravity's yeah
sounds like nasty jackers an action
jacker adventure Jack I didn't see it it
was a movie in entirely in first-person
perspective brutal Bruce yeah oh no that
was a different movie that we saw
hardcore hen
yes Thank You Chad it was a literate of
yep it was nasty jack exploding oh let's
hear hens nope nope
anonymous hi rich Jake and Carol Carol
okay yeah Jake and Carol here's to but
it's a thing they get our names are on
parole for the send our lm2 Mars fund
maybe did you watch that at all
no Elon Musk just saying fuck it worth
it we're taking people to Mars in six
years we already have the technology
we're doing it you on musk is a crazy
motherfucker and I love them
I'm not volunteering for that so yes
fashioned SpaceX is gonna send people to
Mars I'm sure they're people who are
beginning to like the lower atmosphere
yet right today a success if I had
they've had a one big failure you know
they they blew up Facebook right
satellite but no it wasn't the first one
somebody blew up one yeah that was just
blew up Facebook's I don't know but
there was another one a couple years ago
or somebody blew up with some pilot died
oh but no they've had to SpaceX has had
some success but it doesn't matter we're
fucking going to Mars and it's gonna be
great okay I will follow Elon Musk
anywhere I personally have no particular
desire to go to Mars at this stage but
I'm sure that there will be per song
personally right a lot yes put it I mean
like I'd love to send other people there
I could think of a few people like they
could be the first that I will I will go
to the parade and I would clap you
didn't you went to Mars yeah yeah I
think I am thinking the low orbit took
Earth orbit test flights what are they
gonna do that like man ones we're like
you could like pay them some money and
go into space and lower Earth orbit
maybe hurt
mazi trucks space yeah
whoa hey I can't even handle
rollercoasters it's just not my thing
it said along with roller coasters I
fuck your fancy trucks are available for
the people who enjoy fuck ya know
Antarctica has certain advantages like
breathable air yeah yeah I think I mean
yet alloys but that'd be really
important if you can walk outside of
Mars your lungs would freeze there too
yeah
it's not a warm place from for warm
things for what but most times in places
I seem seven here and I did like they
have the they have the low gravity plane
that was Virgin Galactic where you have
the Vomit Comet the bottoms of amun
campesino that what's that group so one
two three go or okay go okay go have you
seen their video what with the Vomit
Comet oh no no they believed that they
didn't want to check check it up and
check it out on youtube they did a video
on the Vomit Comet nice they've they've
done some rather a music video they do
all sorts of wacky music videos yeah
that okay go the band that's the one
thing they got goin fluence it that's
all I got yeah I cannot hum you one of
their songs no they I you know I'm sure
there are a lot of people's thing
they're musically it's not my favorite
thing agreement it's not horrible it's
not offensive I wish them well it just
doesn't push my particular buttons you
know I mean I want to like them because
her videos are so damaged I've heard
they're very nice people
yeah I want to love the shit out of them
I want to be their biggest fan but I
don't see myself listening to their CDs
too much oh shit maybe just cuz I'm
gonna open well old set in my ways but I
know their videos they've got the one
with the Rube Goldberg machine oh yeah
even though it has some cuts in it yeah
and the one with the with the treadmills
does the Rube Goldberg machine won't if
cuts in it does unfortunately
unfortunately but you know it's still
very impressive I think they won with
Legos
it wouldn't surprise me did you see like
their big car commercial one where they
like drove on a musical instrument but
they've like made a race track of
musical instruments and so like like
they made like a giant what do you call
the the band instrument where you like
hit it with things yeah they made like a
giant that's what there's a couple
there's other similar things and then
they put like a stick on the top of a
car and drove it was a car commercial
but like it was a yeah and so they just
drove and the stick hit different
musical things it was really neat I
thought it was like they have that one
that one thing I don't know if it's with
raspberry pi R was something else where
you you get these little diodes and you
can put them on different stuff and then
you like you can make them do stuff like
you can make it so when you touch a
banana it plays a musical note stuff I
thought maybe they did that with the
track so with a car drove over all the
play music I guess you can do that with
just like motion sensors so just play a
sound when it went drove past something
no but it was like physical stuff yeah
they're neat yeah I'm glad they have had
like the hell's going on here earthquake
earthquake bridge and they're there
videos make a lot more sense jessic
music videos music videos trying to get
arty with it yeah we're gonna explain
what's going on in the song man it's
gonna be cool okay so like there's a
bunch of dead trees and Kurt Cobain's
standing next to an angel with no skin
and love it a lot of this game is just
this you know trying huh watch alright
you seem to be in a flow so I'm gonna
let you flow once you stop flowing I'll
take it once you stop flowing videos yes
she does
New York beat York
everyone knows the Icelandic singer beat
York yeah York B George she did she has
a like a documentary thing it's pretty
strange too with David Attenborough
making weird instruments out of weird
things it's kind of strange the stuff
she did York is kind of strange the
stuff she does would probably be
irritating some of it would be
irritatingly pretentious if she wasn't
so earnest and so into orrible and so
chipper right how could you that like
her look like she's like a giant
five-year-old she's a pixie yeah she's
an honest-to-goodness pixie just sitting
there stealing children's teeth and
making wishes come true yeah I can't
believe you did that
I don't either I neither it was very
close it's very close furgus like a
talented Yoko Ono that is the most
accurate description ever New York New
York is like a talented Yoko Ono hmm but
there's no like there's no John London
in there yeah but like well we're not
very go to John Lennon I don't know if
she's married or has children or
anything or if she likes men or women
you know Yoko's the musician oh I know
Yoko is I meet jerk why does it matter
husband kids well because that is who
Yoko wants to be yeah yeah not sure
juice let's find out she's somewhere
between between Yoko and Nico
development underground whoo little Yoko
Nico Bjork has a son
oh okay oh I have not heard that lady
ACK says have you heard the rumor that
she only started acting weird because
she wanted to drive off the creepy
stalkers who were obsessed with her when
she was just cute I don't know I mean
like that I've heard like some of the
stuff she did would when she was with
sugar cubes sugar cubes and it was
strange stuff even back then yeah like
that song birthday especially like
listening to it nice landok
it's trippy and yeah she does have pipes
ya know like I said like I think echoing
that she's the talented Yoko Ono if York
is the person Yoko Ono wishes she could
be ya know me ricotta Asian Bjork is
know you were there rich this is
horrifying
I didn't expect to hear about sugar
cubes in this stream we're on a
different different plane here that's
what happens sometimes you start talking
about Bjork I like I never much cared
for the sugar cubes III discovered them
after Bjork and so like going from solo
Bjork to the sugar cubes is almost like
a letdown it's one of those fun things
to see where she came from
yeah but it's a younger less-experienced
Bjork in front of like an indie rock
band yeah and so like it's not Bjork
Bjork right but then again what is BRB
arc you know even Bjork Bjork isn't
you're me a lot of her stuff is
different than her other stuff exactly
it depends on which Bjork you're getting
with this Bjork now she did if you heard
her her duet with it's pretty old now
but her duet from Selma songs with Thom
Yorke the guy from Radiohead
no I have some songs that's from dancer
in the dark oh yeah yeah yeah
and I love dancer in the dark that's a
movie we've talked about often as a
movie that is one of the most depressing
movies I've ever seen I saw it with my
then girlfriend my now wife and I had to
physically carry her out of the movie
theater oh no because she was so wrecked
at it she just couldn't she couldn't she
could not function she could not
she couldn't even she couldn't even yeah
that's a fine now it's hard to listen to
it after you've seen the movie that um I
do care works
I'd like to hear them do a whole album
together sometime you know Radiohead as
a band I've never lazy drugs never got
into never gotten into I I kind of get
it like I understand why people like
them but it's it's just never been hate
to me like my favorite stuff for theirs
is okay computer okay
and she's in this you know there's the
album's after it there's some songs I
like I'm not real crazy about in
rainbows therefore so who is more like
your usual you know alternative rock
it's fine
the second one is your cheese is a
little funky but worthwhile but I really
like okay computer which is like this
weird concept album okay lays a truck
yeah Radiohead I've never a lot of
people love them and I'm not taking away
from your love of them just not never
been my thing yeah a lot of people loved
in rainbows but I I loved okay computer
and there were some good songs on kitty
and what's the other one I hear the new
ones quite good kitty
yeah yeah the Ben's disk is a good
outlet to another new one no the Ben's
is our second outlet I also liked the
the EP that came out along with the
Ben's it's got Lois and which is
mistreated and a couple of other goods
it's like five songs oh that was great
that was I'm gonna bet that's been done
a billion times better billion billion
chagum billion it's been done 8400 and
11 times yeah but you did it and that's
all that matters
look at this that's fun there hey you
know okay they're having fun with this
game they're having fun I like the
little obstacles I was getting bored of
looking at trucks and rocks yep the shop
Oh God
sorry we want to see how hard I suck
mm-hm which button do I push
oh god yeah jumps hey button jumps
mm-hmm this is your rocket pack and then
the left the red trigger does this
sprinting the a button jumps and the
right trigger do you do anything on the
left hand you know this one moves you
around and and then this one does your
jetpack oh god oh god oh god a button
jumps no right into a thing jumps and
now you have to answer a question while
playing what's your favorite animal and
if you could crossbreed any animal with
an elephant what animal would you would
you choose um well I like capybaras okay
I mean I love dogs as far as domestics
go and if I crossbreed any animals an
elephant what can I do a woolly mammoth
because you know everybody wants to
create all of so you wanna bring the
woolly mammoth back well yeah I would
like a woolly mammoth back to I can't
right Karen here all right I want a big
fuzzy elephant yeah I mean elephants are
adorable elephants but fur black baby
elephants with fur baby elephants with
fur that was a that was hanza frosh his
tip
we're catching up okay a hardcore gamer
I'm just not gonna lie says hey fellas
and Karen this game doesn't seem to have
a lot of variation is there an end game
to us or maybe some more backgrounds
also are there any plans on a new movie
commentary soon possibly we've talked
about it
nothing's been decided yet far as
backgrounds well you've seen we've got
some new backgrounds and some obstacles
which are exciting I think like you know
Frogger pac-man it really is kind of the
same thing over and over again but
harder Arkady I mean that's kind of just
how arcade games work yeah absolutely
they're not they're not once where you
have like a bunch of levels to explore
they just don't work that way they're
just subtle tweaks o-73 ones is Jack and
rich loving the stream okay I'm not the
only one which one of you is Vijay and
which one is the barrel yes Karen I
thought the earlier
crunching was just part of the accent
above the grits like it like those like
weird African dialects where there's
like cliques and I'm like from crunch
Pakistan movies like the Kong people
either heard militia
Haram you've heard Mary mochi both sing
no she's from the Kong people okay I
think I think she died a few years back
I mean she did a lot of singing some of
the width and some without but she had a
some famous songs with a thing in there
all right because that's a sound in
their language right
I think I'm understanding this it helps
without the earthquake yeah look up Mary
miriam makeba
or mo Kiba with K look her up sometime
she's got a beautiful voice some great
songs
what is love is a really good one baby
don't hurt me don't hurt me no more I've
heard that one
I've heard that one that's a good one
okay the blue blaze says hey guys all
right why do so many trilogies succumb
to Godfather syndrome where the first
one's good the second one's great and
the third
sucks are there any video game trilogies
that apply rich they or jack you can ask
Jack to thief well it's hard to make a
first sequel that's that's good to begin
with I don't think there's anything
magical about the concept of a trilogy
mm-hmm
I think it's like any movie you like the
sequel or you don't and 90% of the time
the sequel is your badge right and then
every now and then the sequel is great
let's you have two good movies like
alright well make a third one and then
you're taking that same you know 90%
chance of failure less good movie
absolutely and they're just not hitting
the mark that third side listen a red
she's a smart man yeah wise man and a
wise ass and a wise ass smart ass but
not a dumb ass omid max god damn it guys
we're tonight on hitting the bookworm
adventures hard yeah we had an O death
run on Brooklyn adventures to the death
rain
yeah okay we didn't lose a single room
yeah mostly you didn't lose a single
round you're you're unusually good at
that game you come up with some kickass
words to hold on they give you like a
grid of what is it 16 random letters 25
entirely random cuz that make sure you
get a revolves but are you getting
Rastafarians yeah that was one of them
oh my god
you got brontosaurus yesterday there's a
lot of video game examples of a bad
third game yes
Arkham Knight what's up bad she's not as
good it falls short of the first two
roller coaster tycoon 3 was good
I think I think difference with games
and movies a lot of time when movie is
this equal you seem to get like more of
the same she's bigger yeah I think I
think a lot of times with video games
you get a really good second game
because they figured their shit out from
the first ones yeah and possibly listen
to feedback from their users like
wouldn't it be cool if you did this yeah
I'd like to see that so I think I think
you get a lot of good first sequels in
video games and then they try to mix it
up then I want to do more the same you
know they they have the formula they
perfect the formula and then we got to
shake it up and the shake up doesn't
work which is my Mega Man sequels we're
decent because they just did the same
fucking thing over and over again they
never tried to shake it up shake it up
this is working there was wisdom in that
this is making money why would we shake
it up this game looks like proof of
concept this game was made because
people saw a ship of people running out
and gif of people running on trucks and
said this would make a nice game small
game developer made their dreams come
true I believe that is what happened I
think they were making like a racing
game or like a driving game and it just
happened to like say oh isn't this funny
how like the trucks are acting and they
uploaded a gif so is the other does the
other game exist
oh that this is 3d Jack I agree that
this is taken from no I think because of
internet reaction they focused on
cluster truck and I'm I like this this
is this is fun Arkady schlock right here
yeah rock star is good at getting better
with sequels to see like the grand theft
auto great auto games they've faltered
here and there
well the first one was pretty primitive
yeah like they stumbled they stumbled
with the fourth one
a city that was New York don't one yeah
the Hoenn oh but that was they tried
some new shit that didn't work I was
cousin Miko is Mario three the best game
of any third game of any video game
series it is good I mean Mario 3 is
great
I threw some a fourth game of any video
game series well world's grass second no
Mario 3 is the third world is fourth
there was a Mario to his Lost Levels
right yes evil but for most of us the
American perspective and get that but
they made it from Deming Fester from the
American perspective it Mario 3 is
really the second game in that series
the second one is something completely
different that's something doki doki
panick thing either way it was Super
Mario Brothers 3 was Super Mario above
the street for us for everyone for
everyone yeah I in Japan they had the
Lost Levels right brothers - right in
the u.s. we had Doki Doki Panic right
was noticing over this - and I matter
what country you lived in Super Mario
Brothers 3 was Super Mario Brothers 3
yes but my point only thing that changes
is how weird Super Mario Brothers 2 was
for you ok but still I mean my point is
from the American perspective Super
Mario Brothers 3 is more of a sequel to
Super Mario Brothers Wan than Super
Mario Brothers 2 is Doki Doki Panic is
its own thing I like Doki Doki Panic - I
like you know what I'm a fan of Super
Mario Brothers - it got weird with it
bluh bluh bluh a oh that's a lot easy
game for me is bleh oh so there's a
sprint button I don't know yeah a little
bit but like it really helps that like
getting through these things but you
know like sorry I failed to mention that
to you didn't he already won in the
background you're just having auditory
hallucinations and to see your should
see your physician at the earliest
possible opportunity
all right Chetty is no work ah it's
Karen daddy's not working on the laptop
it doesn't appear to be I'm clicking on
the shortcut nothing is happening
I'm sorry it's fine is there is a three
that's somebody just being a smartass I
mean this is only 18 they didn't number
them okay I guess if you want to think
of it that way so that's that definitely
want to think of it that way
that's linked to the past yeah yeah link
to the past Super Nintendo one good
result which is arguably the best one
there's an argument there yeah when it's
left bumper it comes in handy like right
there yeah
would flap flapping flapping flapping
mop apparently absent you have to type
in the the hashtag symbol it's not a
hash bag hashtag symbol and not the the
numbers then yeah yeah it's very you
before you put in New York your vote is
Dragon Warrior 3 better than Dragon
Warrior for Dragon Warrior 4 is pretty
good first level beat have you played
much Dragon Warrior Jack no no that that
was that's kind of like the time sink
like old-school turn-based RPG yeah I
want to say I have a look I think I
tried to play it there was a young I
think there was a gameboy advanced
version of Dragon Warrior that I tried
to play and I couldn't really get into
it I just kind of said it's all the
series there's one called
there's a there's a an homage called
dragon fantasy that's available for the
for the mobile platforms that's kind of
cute no okay it's not steam 2 right
what's your point yeah I was playing it
on Steam live one day I don't know if it
was the most fun for people to watch
because it's just a yeah
grind so you can level up kind of thing
but it's cute that's just that's all the
JRPGs though grinds you can level up no
yes
blazer world I love it
oh so we went to the domes the domes
they did not have any lasers turned on
at the time I think they just do that at
night you will have to explain what the
domes of the domes are it's what's the
Mitchell Park Conservatory I think it's
a Milwaukee institution you'll have to
explain what that is there Oh jack
he is a town in the 35th or 40th or
swims it's a big round greenhouse it's a
big it's a big it's a series of three
domes connected by some unknowns their
by their by their Greenup yeah
greenhouses yep they're just domed yeah
we have a lot of winter here
yeah and so we made these greenhouses so
people could see greenery all year round
you ever say you know I miss plants yeah
yeah another plants living thing this
plants trees outside have been sleeping
for the last six months I'll just erase
the low grab so yeah we went to the
flavor I expected better win this time
see where that little craft wears off
Jack you did it are you guys how is
landfill helping me out by giving me
love graphic Aguas conservatory is very
nice the Lincoln Park Conservatory there
orgeous there's also a really nice one
in Joliet their tears we're low grab
Mike three off oh sure plus the domes
it's like five bucks to get in I mean
it's a bargain oh yeah they're great but
the the desert is closed until November
so we're gonna have to go back what the
desert dome oh no I'm sorry that was a
game one so yeah I I don't really feel
like I'm entitled to complain about my
winter too much because I know a lot of
people online they're in Canada and like
I guess the trees have already dropped
their leaves and you know they've
already had the hint of snow and stuff
in Edmonton well it's their fucking
fault being in Canada unit 603 idiot
says hey guys ever consider doing a
stray
of old-school arcade games also what is
your favorite arcade game lol for
decayed my gentleman's sausage smite
this might be a boring answer but
pac-man the fond of pac-man you like
talking about the arcade did I tell you
to smoke his man's cigar yes that is a
new joke for us people say lol fuck my
cock I know it is it's humorous I
actually really like it yes see my
gentleman's sausage I think the question
came up it was why do you have a two
dollar minimum I'm reading the tips and
you know I explained cuz I'm gonna you
could donate five cents and we could
read absolute nonsense and it's you know
if you want me to say something like lol
fuck my cock it'll cost you two bucks
see oh so for two bucks you'll say
whatever they put there without what a
thin reason like you know if it were
like if I write everything that was like
five cents it would be a flood of just
gibberish yeah and possibly ads for yep
penis enlargement whatever else they
sell on the Internet these days they
still penis enlargements on the Internet
I'll be right back I'll take three do
you have any favorite arcade games Jarek
I you're dying alright well I I noticed
I my favorite arcade games were the
light gun game yeah I fucking like time
crisis was my jam did you say light gun
games light gun like like like duck hunt
yes but in arcade and I don't know if
they used a light gun in arcade or
however but that's the best way I can
describe it Oh Jack oh my god okay I
just can't I can't
yeah I know I don't I can't I just can't
it's not the easiest thing in the world
no it's not as easy as I made look oh
sorry I'm a jerk no that was that was
fair because I was rasslin news but now
the truck
sir exploding rich they like that they
like it they like it when the trucks
explode yeah I noticed
so those are the kind of arcade games at
time crisis I would play the shit out of
time crisis okay can I jump over oh you
know what I can't jump over these
because I have the jetpack well super
big dummy all right all right geez don't
run out Karen did you have a favorite
stand up arcade game obviously not so
much I mean when I was a kid parents
thought it was a waste of money so
they're different give me quarters for
that so I don't think skee-ball counts
so uh skee-ball it's fine answer though
KC Manor life says I recently saw a
woolly mammoth exhibit with one that was
picked pickled slash preserved by the
bacteria in the whole world I'd need I
saw it - its name was like a like or a
lunar or something wasn't it it was at
the dibs at the Field Museum and I'm
sure it made the rounds to other
institutions as well so all that was
freeze-dried somewhat recently kind of
yeah it fell in mud and it like I'm
fourth - poor baby like yeah suffocated
when it got a trunk full of mud or
something
that's got an extinct animal from 10,000
years ago that we have soft tissue of
and that's kind of amazing like I don't
know I don't know what the age of that
one is I'm not sure when they became
extinct in like mainland Europe in North
America I know they they hung out I know
they held out unlike Wrangel Island
until like 4000 years ago
hmm dwarf woolly mammoths okay see
that's what I want I wanted to pet dwarf
oh oh I mean come on right so you're
gonna crush them all if you want that if
you want a tiny tiny then you instead of
crossing the elephant with the woolly
mammoth you have to cross the elephant
with the capybara that ought to give you
something roughly equivalent to a woolly
mammoth that's small
be bars are so cute capybaras they're
the world's largest rodent they live in
much of South America and they are all
over the internet they are like giant
guinea pigs and they are incredibly
mellow and usually see pictures of them
either strolling lazily around or other
animals are climbing on top of each ant
fuck you and your laser trucks fuck you
so hard
I'm already on laser levels we don't
need fucking laser what do you do with
an elephant with three balls what do you
do with an elephant with three balls
what tell us what oh is that a joke I
think it's a joke
I'm waiting for them to tell me what I
do with an elephant with three balls
tell me to juggle juggle case you better
laugh when I'm the same also the
creators of mighty number 9 did shake it
up but it was martinis legged Megan
Megan Megan the off switch says just a
benign comment here got the new doom
because I value your opinions and you
really liked it
however I also ordered a steam
controller in spite of you because
you're fucking idiots there we go
lol f me D if you like the same troll or
good on you yeah I didn't see much
advantage to it other than using a
regular controller which would it be
more comfortable for your particular
hands I mean you know maybe they've got
like six fingers or something some kind
of special needs Hey I felt the the mini
trackpad idea was kind of a failure
that's just me yeah the chat vote he
actually does directly affect the game
that the chat is torturing rich and
earlier to these theaters all the game
creators were torturing Jack and rich
well rich earlier yeah that was indeed
that was really yeah in traverse says I
had a dream last night where some Enix
for where for some inexplicable reason
became a part of our lemma Mike gave me
shit for hosting worst episode of review
ever rich laughed at me
Jay was indifferent
watching too much rlm question mark yes
possibly or maybe now maybe the curious
to watch more our love there you go you
get out of your system baby all right
keep talking keep watch all the time
just put a cream on a little confine or
just put a cream on yeah had that I had
that jump timed I lost my mojo Bridge I
know you'd get some real good mojo going
on earlier I was I was working on some
I'll just take it easy
take these slow slicer slow and steady
wins the fucking race oh and when did
the invisible truck show that is not oh
god don't give different Envisat trucks
all right
bouncy trucks actually that might help
me in this case gonna be ok with bouncy
tricks
Oh Oh bounce right into the laser I
could see the exit I could see it rich
it's a strategic use of the backpack
free radial keratotomy what I think's
gonna get my laser eye surgery while
you're jumping free LASIK yeah pretty
lazy no tricks
they want to know if Mike died tomorrow
would you guys finish the blanket review
on his behalf nope yes oh sure but not
right away
it's coming up tomorrow is it so it's
already done is it I need to know that
because the next prereqs does coming up
coming out Tomas going out for that's
great you bastard I'll be coming out
tomorrow and look forward it'll be
called previously recorded event zero so
it'll be hidden we're hiding it oh wait
we're not bouncing trucks anymore that's
actually it's that's actually more
difficult than anything it's like just
keep jumping well oh I know but like go
oh yeah almost Jack I almost had a
spectacular save a side truck save yep
alright alright alright jump do I find
it creepy how much some people somebody
asks how much people are obsessed with
my fiance's work I'm glad he's able to
do something that he enjoys so that
where people give him validation and
sometimes insults but you know gets to
do something creative something he finds
fulfilling tell you a cute story about
rich there's so many I heard you're
gonna go right into it I'm trying to
think and I thought that was your own
idea like well I'm just gonna tell us a
cute store okay I've got a cute story
about rich okay whenever we go into like
Walmart or someplace I always like to
check my blood pressure it's not that I
have a blood pressure problem I just
like playing who knows playing with the
blood pressure I do so we were in we
were in a Walmart and I'm sitting down
at the blood pressure machine and Rich's
you know your typical man he wants to
get in and out we've been in Walmart for
like half an hour which is like 29
minutes longer than he wanted to be
there so he's like you know come on
let's go so I go and I sit I'm like no I
want to do the blood pressure machine so
I sit down another blood pressure
machine and he looks at me and he
to say it to me he goes how old are you
except bright as he said that some old
lady walks by him and he's looking at
her when he says it so he looks at the
75 year old was walking right perfectly
wrong yeah and she looks at him like is
this guy he shot me there's not like
like crazier difference I think actually
this earthquake is helping me because
the truck's kind of bouncing black
lasers
baba yaga yaga cursed him that day oh I
love Baba Yaga
it was Baba Yaga Baba Yaga is like the
Russian witch she's she's like this
Russian folklore witch and she lives in
a house with a bunch of skulls on pikes
and her house has chicken feet and her
house can walk and Gregory Maguire the
guy who did wicked the book he wrote
Abby wrote a book called Aegon spoon
which features her quite a bit and I
just love Bobby ugh hmm he's got a thing
for witches fucking dunno your god I can
see it already fuckers
yeah she flies into a giant mortal
mortar and pestle not a broom not a
broom oh wow how she does it he does not
have she rolls but he flight a broom at
least he can sit on a broom she sits in
the was it the the mortars the thing
that you know that you that you know
that's the pestle I think well she sits
in there she sits in though she sits in
the bowls she sits in the boli thing and
with although it's she'd more like a
butter churn and usually when when I've
seen it Illustrated and she she rose
with the other thing she her stories
were famously illustrated by um I can't
think of a name right now did a good
jack you did good I felt good about that
one don't you fucking do laser trucks
because I fucking hate you guys love the
guys are down all the laser trucks on I
hate you when you get to 75,000 maybe
look into buying something run by
something not with that decent well you
know I think I was gonna try to get done
with the laser world yeah laser world
looks difficult Jack you
there's a way to time this I'm sure
there's a way to thought those things go
down or something right there's a weight
of time this but I also want to go fast
oh the lasers are moving in there are
walls that don't move let's see this
walls you're right lasers are getting
blocked by those the lasers are moving
oh oh I guess if this one is it down oh
okay cool I'm with you I'm with you I
get nope
that was a cute rich effing sorry okay
it's one of my favorites never gonna get
old no rich beating up an old lady yeah
classic just look right at her how old
are you you know trying to shave me
because I was like incidentally looking
at her because she picked that moment
did walk right by hobble her ass by she
just looked at you like oh sure is he is
he room is he special is is he is he
disturbed a little bit of everything
yeah by Klaus Pope no he's famously
maybe but he's also by that I can't
think of his name right now he died
during the siege of London gran he's a
famous Russian artist man I can't think
his name there's do you see this madness
rich yeah madness yes I do
oh it's 7:31 says kind of rich you guys
are so cute
I'm so happy you found each other you
two are so adorable your stories are so
sweet
truly one of the sweetest couples around
thank you lol munch on my meat missile
oh what a great sweet crunch my Scud
I almost went out like I wish Mouse
would be handy huh Mouse would be handy
for shit like that well you know what
what I should turning and jumping here's
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna change
things a little bit make jump left
trigger I'm going to make the jet can I
not
Ivan bill a bit keyboard controls are
rebind able in the launcher but not
welcome well this is what it is is what
it is is what is this is what it is I'm
sorry I would love for like this trigger
to be jump and that is trigger to be
sprint cuz like basically sprint D
you're always holding down yeah but uh
yeah cuz like looking and jumping at the
same time lag be key right now Jack's
only ability is a jetpack and he has
been using it
ya know everyone will see like a yellow
bar appear like right now that bar is
jump pack fuel yeah or some such and
every it refills every once in a while
it kind of like Farah and over watch
where if you don't use it it refills
fuck fuck
thin trucks thin trucks is not gonna
help me I don't know if you don't want
to help you why not
don't they want to see me win the game
no Jack needs an aircraft carrier could
someone deliver him an aircraft carrier
oh that he could just kind of just no
nope nope

[Part II]
it's you know they want to know what
happens if you just ride on a truck and
don't jump forward okay does that even
happen when they're not skinny trucks
the weird thing and this one is that the
walls come and get you
you can't do that it's a viable strategy
and some of the earlier levels this is
they accidentally helped and they
they're they're expressing regret oh
well yeah when they fought when they
fall over it's easy to land on them oh
yeah that was nice Oh regular-sized
truck it would be great here we go here
we go regular-sized trucks again oh
what's wrong with the ground is it like
irradiated or something yeah it's it's
um it's I don't it's like a black hole
or something there's something oh the
fuck on wait wait where where wise why
we're here right and earlier I think
tried to do a steam tip and got invalid
PayPal response are you sure you're paid
palace totally I'm getting many tips and
PayPal might have something going on it
often does with your tips it's lava
obviously the black basalt or something
the floor is lava
maybe you're a therapist well I want to
at least be laser level alright which um
you know I feel like that's how I came
into it and I I do like the laser light
show right I feel like there's some
great EDM playing shooting out of the
bath salts
softer vessel it'll break some fucking
phases
I say you're doing so many unnecessary
jumps I could just ride but I want to go
for speed too
he has a need for speed oh you fucker
truck I was right there you fucker truck
yes what's the name of the game
practically I'm thinking he needs some
dubstep with this Oh Jeff totally screw
with him you sons of bitches we don't
need that we don't need that that
doesn't help us oh my goodness don't
fucking laser trucks you keep up and
next thing you know they're gonna be
like a different color skinny
could they be all this exact any laser
trucks any skinny black laser trucks is
that your heart cuz then we get here and
it doesn't matter anymore you get to the
thing where the other crash the lasers
the lasers say goodbye the lasers say
fuck you and your family and I never
much cared for you in the first place
and then you know cuz they're mean like
that I hate all of you oh wow nice nice
maneuver nice maneuver felt good about
that
look but how do you get out of that oh
well I guess you need to I'm just no I'm
just gonna wait until the laser trucks
are over like there's no there's no
winning the only winning move is not to
play Thank You Matthew Broderick there
we go okay you're taking your advice
from Ferris from wargames
ah that wasn't Matthew brought now
Matthew Broderick what did was the was
the monkey his ferris bueller bueller he
was the monkey movie guy he was also
wargames okay we're all yes so
everyone's right yeah we're all winners
yeah I have to take a hard right there
and OH
I mean I didn't die and that's what's
done what you fucking do it don't you
fucking do it I see it I see it's
already an option you got it jack you
got it beat the laser trucks oh good
work jack thank you
that's fine work Dan stop just watching
this yeah you take over there why are
you Harlequin that is that a character
is that a secret heart no no no that's
my username in general usually I do that
the story goes oh it's medieval world oh
ha ha ha that's great
we need a pendulum I love it hammers
tenderize yeah
the story goes how I got my meat
tangelos nickname her lack is my wife
Lisa her nickname in grade school was
horrible or Harley Quinn because they
named themselves after Batman people and
her and her group of friends and so
she's always been horrible to her group
of friends and I my name is obviously
Jack and when I signed up when we moved
in together right after we moved in
together was still the very early days
of email and I was unaware how email
works where everyone got their own email
address and I thought because we had a
house together we would have a house
email okay so I made an email just
Harlech that would be our house email
address oh wow yes that was back way
back way way back in the day and so my
me my old lady so and it just kind of
stuck you know then very soon after that
she was like no I get my own email my
own email blasts and I just got that one
because I've had pretty much the same
same main email address for years it's
been on different servers and stuff I've
got an unusual spelling so it
oh very close so Harlech I was
Brangelina before there was a Brangelina
yeah
before there was a Bennifer so what
would we be Richard yeah whoa good lion
the ancient times of 2003 right carats
yeah we could be carat carat Jew I like
carriage how does one truck himself so
far yeah you truck yourself simply by
playing the game you just go eastbound
and down loaded up and truckin on
sixteen tons of what do you get I love
that song oh they have the internet on
computers now Reisen oh really
I think rice is a little bit kitsch
evans carrot cake tour guide Nixon says
rich and Jack are you and the other guys
of aural I'm planning on going to be
fest again this coming year I've never
gone it sounds miserable I was planning
on that wrecking up from Virginia to go
this year lol lol Oh captain my captain
I I've only been to be fest once and I
loved and hated it which is everyone's
experience it'd be fast it's for anyone
who does not know B Fest is a movie
festival in at Northwestern University
in Evanston Chicago and it is 36 hours
of a bad movie straight right 20 or 24
where everybody feels required to sit
through all of them because they paid
for it yeah pretty much you know like
you know everyone tries to find a couple
hours here or there to sleep but it is
it is non-stop movies for 24 or 36 hours
I forget what it is and it's great it is
a great experience it's a fee
full of weirdos and everyone is pretty
sleep-deprived by the end of it and it's
it's a wacky wacky experience that's why
first make a forest and that was great
yes jyggalag it was great and it's great
and horrible I've only been the ones
yeah but uh I know Jay and Josh go often
I don't know you know I don't know if
there's ever really a plan besides like
the week before like hey are we going to
be fast let's make sure we don't have to
work the next day or well before pretty
much you know for Jay it's a business
expense so but it's great it's it's
great fun Oh nope yep land on the thingy
I don't get hurt by them easy leap
render Iser but it's super super fun for
anyone who can bear it pendulum yeah
be fest is great I think they like my
only my only issue of be fest is they
like they're really weird about
announcing what movies they are gonna
play and so like they're usually pretty
good Oh minding new and interesting
stuff but they also go through the
logistics of getting clearance to screen
stuff and so it's not like they can play
anything they want they have they get
permission and they do it legally god I
can't believe you do that that was great
rich I totally believe I did that
the chant says that you should buy a
second ability are you able to oh yeah
we what do we want levitate boost the
truck below the player hmm let's the
player do some man-sized horrible head
flips ice blizzard game says hijack and
rich haven't popped into one of these
since you guys played our game last
August but I've been working through the
YouTube channel thanks for introducing
me to FTL Eve no problem hey no problem
welcome back
ice blizzard iced lizard games actually
Oh Tiberius Kirk is actually applauding
you for that run
no that way get a negative really nice
what do we want
what are we wanting a super truck we got
epic mode trucks back to the turkey
freezes all trucks hmm what's is that a
grappling hook yeah that could be
awesome
I think a super truck what's super I
don't know I don't know do it super
truck you want grandpa though huh you
want grappling uh-oh what else we got
what are the other ones do super truck
teleports what's the most expensive one
that we can afford super truck then you
do it and fucking super truck confirm it
now you have to equip it there you go
shit already be a question you said that
last yeah you see it doesn't have a
border now it's kind of boring okay
great earnest
I ordered 16 Betamax tapes for rlm I
hope enough I hope enough work for a
good best of the worst thank you for the
awesome content and in corporates and
cop press and and cupressus does anyone
know what that means
and the Caprice I believe and Yuri
sisters we had the bed and and Caprice
this is when you shit the bed
oh and caprices my penis he says Ernest
Kahn their redness I'm embarrassed that
I know that why are they red now huh
because they're super trucks I don't
know what that did I actually liked it I
think it looks better that they're ready
I wanna vote infrared earlier maybe you
couldn't have read because that's for
super trucks but even wasn't easy man
oh wait if you land on a truck I think
it slows down time oh okay that's what
super truck say so admit let's you stop
and think about your movies which is
fake for rich Evans and caprices my
penis is what Ernest Khan said and
caprices which is like you know
inappropriately shitting yourself
nice all right
I don't like super truck so much it was
bad there it was bad there's some bad
times
skeletal new girls hey fellas got plans
for any spooky games to stream for the
month of October would also love to CJ
join in for the spooky if he's able to
thanks lol jingle my jangle well we
already did monster party which is very
Halloween what about um ghouls and
ghosts or goblins or the one used to
play on the Gamecube where the guy was
just running around in his own exim oh
yeah there was this a place - but who's
that that's kind of Halloween EP game it
was also the SNES version Super Ghouls
it goes oh yeah those those are
Halloweeny oh yeah and I think we should
I I always like playing spooky games and
I I'm still trying to get Jack to play
thief I think was appropriate I just got
done editing an episode so I know you
are I'm not that wasn't it wasn't a
harsh prison I'm just saying that's
actually not a bad Halloween yeah yeah
okay I also have a crap ton of spooky
board games which you know unfortunately
for board game streams that requires a
completely different set up in here and
for it's the first time I'm sorry and
it's so good the first time I got near
the end I think of this level yeah but
no Fritz has ever played Luisi
Luigi's Mansion no I haven't we played
it a little bit on stream i always liked
Luigi's Mansion but oh there's a new
Luigi's Mansion for the vs that we can
play can you port your DS out onto this
thing yes yes week I got a special des
with a video out oh wow
yeah just for occasions like this so we
can stream did somebody like solder that
into there a Japanese company sells them
and it took company it's like one place
is one person no it took it took I want
to say eight months that's how long it
took just to get it but worth it because
we've been able to play so many these
games on stream
Hey the idea was like not only for
stream but also for you know just a
regular episode it it streams both
screens yep yeah how does it handle the
ratio is this black bars along the side
sir
yeah and that's a little bit of a
problem is there's just black borrowers
all around it in the capture device or
in the capture window but you know still
look good
yeah the aspect ratio is just different
right right
be a little bit better if you turn your
TV sideways but oh my god is that a 3ds
I have these I have a 3ds XL the one
that's that's modified in such way yeah
how does it handle 3d games is
everything just a 2d on the TV yeah yeah
I can't I can't I can't like put it 3d
out it to your 3d television right that
would be in dears I mean and you know
what I never ever used the 3d anyway
okay I turn it on for some games just
just to like see what it looks like and
then if I play with the 3d on I just get
a horrible headache it's like because
the 3d it's almost like magic eye where
you have to like relax your eyes a
little bit when you're trying to like
look at a game it never works right I
never I never cared for it especially if
you're like a lot of people were one eye
is more nearsighted when I was more
farsighted or you know one eye is better
at focusing on more one eyes more pretty
OPIC or whatever right what no please
come on game it's weird that you can hit
the obstacles in this one well I hit
something there yeah well like you you I
know but I got a game over screen after
hitting something sure if this does look
a lot like superhot now you're right
super
Oh wonderful that's how I the red eye
and I wonder and you stop time I wonder
if that's a direct yeah wait is it
called super trucks supe and it the
thing said super trucks elaborate trucks
oh my god how did we
pick up on then Thank You Chat for being
smarter than us yeah Nintendo is king of
the gimmicks I'll get that
if you force the power glove the pad
they had so you know like it's not a bad
idea and if if you're gonna do 3d or if
3d is going to take off you need to find
out how to do it glasses lists and how
to do it where you could turn it off if
you want right right and so like they I
think they did a good job in figuring
out a way to do it that makes sense but
the again people have spoken and nobody
really wants it to your left to left
yep there's like a white arrow Wow
that's probably why the levels white now
too because it's super hot it's super
trucks well I hear Nintendo's gonna be
releasing games for mobile platforms now
they have announced their first one
which is a Super Mario endless runner it
nobody knows anything about it I hope
it's turning off super trucks I hope
it's more than just an endless runner
with with Mario is Mario sprite that's
kind of what it looks like but it's
hardly groundbreaking no I didn't start
from the top of that slice how about 3d
not taking up 3d has not taken off they
still have movies in 3d but it's not the
big selling point that it once was the
ticket sales haven't been amazing like
they thought they were going to be it
wasn't the next big thing wasn't the
next big thing neither was 60 frames a
second movies yes Viera has it really
been the next big thing since DVDs
tablets
well Netflix oh yeah
uh you know the next big thing was was a
lower quality easier to consume well
subscription service subscription
services people love them yeah oh for
sure
I'm doom because this but everybody'll
like you pay a flat fee whenever you
feel like at that moment right oh you're
right no effort movies wasn't 60 frames
a second it was 48 frames a second I I
get that confused with gaming the gaming
frames per second can your brain even
notice the difference at that point if
he doesn't like like animation like 24
or 30 or anything like 15 okay most
animation is like 15 frames a second
a lot of animation yes yeah oh yeah a
lot of people have say that it looks
actually cheaper because you can see
more detail is like 48 frames a second
looks worse it looks like video I have
no super strong feeling 4k is not that
big yet guys 4k has not made it
I don't want to get into a big thing
like with with VR or whatever but yeah
if it's your if it's your thing and you
can afford it by all means if it makes
you happy go for it
yeah no you know like a lot of these
streaming boxes like Roku just came out
with a bunch of very affordable 4k
streaming boxes streaming boxes are 4k
ready Netflix has some 4k content but I
don't think people people aren't buying
something because it has 4k 4k happens
to come along with a lot of things you
know there are people who love the
high-def stuff but a lot of people like
us grew up with crappy VHS copies and
taping songs on cassette off the radio
and even regular DVD it's pretty good by
that standard ooh I like geeky pop um I
haven't heard that much by him I I do
like that one song from the
Trainspotting soundtrack and I really
like the extra life yeah lust for life
whoo and I like search-and-destroy from
the Stooges everybody's gotta like
Search and Destroy and and here's ten
ultimate says 1080p is good enough so if
jacket row right no and if I'm wrong if
VR takes off and is the next huge thing
that's great that'll be great rich and
eyes only point about VR is it's not
there yet
1080p isn't even that even there yet
most YouTube videos just visually I'm
turning it off sure so you'll see what
else I'd like to see what these levels
look like yeah sure sure most YouTube
videos and you know the 100 million
zillion YouTube videos are watched every
day most videos are watched on mobile
devices yeah and if they're watching on
mobile devices that means they are
probably being watched at like 360p they
are like most people's video consumption
is not even what we consider to be
high-definition anymore and when you're
watching it on us and a 4-inch screen
you're not really gonna notice exactly
can people care more about quantity than
the new quality inconvenience ability
yes the ability to kill some time while
they're waiting in line at the checkout
right it's not easy so it's just one of
those things where I like 1080 is great
well what are you saving this run oh god
no I'm not see I don't know that we have
things that are at the point where I
mean yeah good good VR something might
be a leap ahead but it's like there
isn't that much improving left to do it
seems like I mean like me a DVD with big
thing shut up no but I mean like like
like HDTV was a real noticeable upgrade
over from from the old analog the people
were watching the deities absolutely
from 4 by 3 to 16 by 9 yeah huge upgrade
from from from what was that that was
was a 480 480 interlaced to 720p
yeah was a giant leap and the big leap
that we're gonna see come up soon is
actually it'll have less to do with
video quality than it does with the
quality of our rendering codecs do you
think we're gonna finally get past the
uncanny valley no no your future what
what I think is that what they're
developing what they're developing a lot
now for editors is ways to compress your
video more so it still looks very nice
but it's a lot smaller file like an mp3
kind of right right but like imagine an
mp3 where you're not losing quality
that's what video that's what like video
compressors are trying to do now so that
when you do stream something over
YouTube it can still look really nice
but it doesn't have to take up the
bandwidth yeah and that's like that to
me is the really exciting stuff is how
can I get the highest quality content to
the most amount of people and that that
matters massively not only to people
like doing streams like this but it also
matters to advertisers absolutely no
twitchplayspokemon that's right HDR high
dynamic range videos though those are
nice it's hot HDR footage is really nice
to look at I don't oh wow I don't think
that's a deal breaker or a deal maker
either I actually hear that's what the
nice thing about 4k footage is is it has
a higher dynamic range so colors pop
more there's more contrast don't blow
out as easily may be exactly right like
yeah the the brights can be a little
brighter the darks can be a little
darker in image it's not necessarily
about like pixel density it's about like
the overall color quality when I've
heard pricks hahahaha you get it now you
get the laser trucks in you've heard one
so I've heard that's the a real selling
point of 4k video and 4k TVs but but in
a way like next time I get something
it'll have that not I'm gonna run out
and get it exactly stuff
I have like I remember when
high-definition TVs first became
affordable everyone needed one oh for
sure I mean best that's why Best Buy and
all of them they were just rolling to
the money for a few years because
everybody wanted upgrade everybody
wanted a DVD player instead of that VHS
that they had to rewind and everybody
wanted a flat-screen TV absolutely and
they were real movement and and
customers spoke yeah and we're just not
seeing that with 4k people don't care no
we're blu-ray or blu-ray right
I mean blu-ray is is nice but it's not
like I'm gonna take I mean some people
will but I'm not gonna take all of my
VHS and replace them a blu-ray your DVDs
you mean yes that's it VHS yes you did
oh god let me green cheese I think
that's what we were saying about about
it bring too bright and blowing out the
detail
they want to know if the planket review
will be in VR and 4k it'll be both it'll
be you know it's because so it's coming
out tomorrow and the reason why it took
so long is because Mike had to
incorporate the VR 360 experience in 4k
which is that's a tough Loden it's gonna
be in smellivision you weren't supposed
to say that that was that was wrong of
you to say nobody ah everyone listening
Karin was not supposed to let out the
information that was in smell-a-vision
but you're scratch and sniff stickers
are in the mail so they're coming to you
and then it's one of those scratch one
at this point you can smell plink it's
cat it's it's actually a really unique
immersive experience but Karin wasn't
small the dead prostitutes yeah well no
one is cat two is the dead prostitute
three is the creamed corn four is the
creamed corn the creamed corn started to
turn five is just regular creamed corn
again there's a lot of creamed corn but
that was important to Mike that was
really important to buy it and to Mike
what the hell sorry chin says howdy guys
I hope the weather's good over there
it's kind of chilly yeah it's getting
that good chilly yeah where you can put
on a jacket it's supposed to it's
supposed to warm up a little next week
is it yes it's fall oh yeah it's
following Wisconsin so that means it's
cold it's very good sleeping weather
let's just kind of crack the window yes
our air conditioning in our bedroom just
doesn't seem to get it done as well as
does in the living room so we were kind
of like had the fan blowing on us we
were hot and now it's like you know you
can get a boy open the window and throw
on the comforter and and it's glorious
mm-hmm
Sarah Chen says she's kind of melting
over there have you guys been to a
convention that you actually enjoyed or
have they mostly just been mad I see
what she's talking about
Vanetta Convention as red-letter median
I think the only yes it's fine I don't
hate conventions you've been to the
comic convention a few times over the
years yeah it's flattering uh
that people be excited to meet you yeah
the Ren Faire feels like a convention
for every kind of Renaissance loving
furry every every kind of nerd out there
there's for the referees at the Ren
Faire they were dressed up as like like
furry animal monks and things Oh Fox
three musketeer yeah yeah monk or
something a model train convention
sounds pretty cool the what the Basel
Train can about you how they do nothing
to do with anything else have you been
to the most recent model train
conventions no I've never been to one
it's just sounds cool anonymous says any
video under 50 frames per second is very
annoying to a dog's brain please do not
take a dog to a movie theater birds need
more than 100 frames so if you can
please just let that birds fly free I
hear that that that dogs dogs couldn't
see the the frames
htm' from from AC television yeah
I have also heard that I don't know
where well they've got like better
reflexes than we do I mean there they
just process faster I've never been
bitten by a dog they've been so damn
fast it's faster than you could process
and this time it's lupus says hey Jack
rich and Karen just tuned in after
getting off work anyone else see this
and think the highway fight from the
matrix to love everything you guys do
love that yeah there's been more of the
highway from was the the Indian robot
movie called oh yeah yeah was it just
goes robot I think it's yep yep AKA
indian yeah reminds me of a cross with a
board game rush hour and Frogger no that
third one how do you feel about an
earthquake wrench
they said if you get bitten by a dog you
become Jack London White Fang yeah wild
I feel very good about this earthquake
you feel very good about it
sometimes oh shit
sometimes they can unintentionally help
yeah I'm awesome might help with this
game just for looking yeah what a load
one also just the ability to remap where
the jump button is on the controller I
thought I was dead would be I wasn't I
should be using a mouse for this but I
just think I've been doing this for so
long now yeah first I thought I was
mostly just gonna be going straight you
know right right right
that's terrible Speedwagon yeah it's no
fun being bitten by a dog
no latest time I got bitten by a dog I
was breaking up a dog fight
that's high-risk yeah and I just
happened to be there the dog started
going after and the two owners were
flipping out and like just didn't know
what to do and one dog was clearly
bigger and was going to win and so I got
in there dog chomped down on my hand and
then the only thing I could do so the
dog had my hand oh and the only thing I
could do was reach in with my other hand
and pull his teeth up so like my fingers
got it too
Oh button broke up the fight the little
dog made it which is very nice yeah girl
and I don't think the little dog would
have made it had I not intervened I
probably should not have intervened but
next time grab their back legs grab back
legs one of the dogs pull and
immediately let go well I had him I had
him by the scruff you have to growl I
had him by the scruff in collar Oh
figuring that if I grabbed him there he
couldn't turn around and bite me yeah he
could and so I just miscalculated it's
like one time I was I was like
house-sitting slash Pet Sitting for
somebody and their lizard got out it's
an iguana so I thought well this thing
has like the whippy tail and it's got
sharp teeth so I grabbed it kind of in
the scruff of its neck and it's toenails
just about the toenails sheet of course
she chose that picks that moment to come
home early and I'll be fine they only
got a couple small scars laughs I wasn't
too bad
survival of the fittest hey hey I I beat
it eventually I beat that dog eventually
he got a few good licks in but really at
any moment I could have killed him and I
didn't so you know yeah I don't know why
people are afraid of dogs
worse comes to worse you're a lot bigger
oh yeah what about like Bentley I mean
they're just sharper man they could
probably kill somebody
I got range yeah I can I can
literally I can kick his ass yeah yeah
well he wouldn't and you could throw
things but nothing he would attack
anything oh he's a docile giant but dud
you know well and it's like there are
some dogs like you know you get like a
trained German Shepherd there they're
probably gonna beat most people yeah
bullshit but I think it's just they're
sharp yeah and they can they can hurt I
think you know you can hurt them more
but they can hurt you more faster yes
they've just got reflexes yeah like like
a ninja
so like sure you could win in the end
but you're not coming out with two eyes
or all your fingers oh yeah yeah that's
the thing is like dogs can totally fuck
you up you can beat them in the end you
know mostly because we can operate
firearms they might not kill you but
you'll need stitches
over and it's hard to stop someone with
some of the very large braids it's it's
tough yeah or with multiple dogs or
would not like I would not want the fuck
I'll take it be in that fight plus I
like dogs I don't wanna oh oh oh that
was great whatever happened their words
make that happen again I can't I can't
all and bouncy trucks yeah Oh God also
tetanus yeah Oh dogs are good in the end
no cuz we can get a shot for tetanus
that's nothing your tennis takes weeks
yeah would be fine rich that's turtle
the wise I understand you are into metal
I'm not super into anything I'm a huge
music I've heard that you are a
metalhead and you love heavy metal and
well is great yeah he likes like ac/dc
so you love all of heavy metal what's
the question have you ever listened to a
Baroness of - I have not
oh sorry Baroness or tunes I have not
good stuff I'll take your word for it if
I have your song they like and I like it
I like it that's how I work with music
you know I hear songs I don't follow
I doubt I could have really followed a
band yeah gotta get the latest so -
album it's cool oh yeah that would be
more like me
yeah even ever sitting we've got to get
the latest so-and-so I know not even
Nirvana I wasn't under Nevada concur was
dead oh they only released a couple is
there for that for you also not to be
that guy but this game is kind of
difficult to watch could you retire it
shortly and then after that you're just
gonna watch blank screen right right
game room game child UK hi all
how is Madison Wisconsin probably cold
I'm not in Madison
we're in Milwaukee Madison is probably
approximately the same temperature yeah
maybe maybe a couple degrees cooler
currently a senior in college
UW Madison is one of the law schools I'm
applying to also did you watch the
Clinton Trump debate I am a Bernie bro
now leaning towards HR C which I assume
means Hillary Rodham Clinton but could
mean anything
I watched it was it was yeah
yeah very predictable not to get too
political but it they were both very
much themselves Oh Oh Karen very much in
character that is a very diplomatic way
of saying that because that you can take
all sorts of meetings from them I did I
had it on kind of just in the background
and I had it on as I was putting my kids
to bed and for them they just loved all
TV so they just saw like the TV was on
and they wanted to watch and said to
myself oh yeah yeah go ahead yeah watch
it too boring adults talking about
boring stuff and they watch it for like
a half an hour that companies it's
bedtime
yeah they liked it though they had some
in Toronto on again that's a good two
political they had some very interesting
thoughts about the debate fun or
interesting in Lester Holt's and they
were reacting to speaking styles they
were take more than the political issues
Lester Holt was crazy they weren't
saying daddy what about the
trans-pacific partnership whatever you
know it's gotta be so tough yeah it'd be
a moderator in that kind of situation no
I'm sure especially when you have two
strong personalities who aren't
necessarily you know I'm gonna shut up
when they're Turtles over there they
want to talk they want to finish their
opinion oh sure you tell him they got
ten seconds and they're like no no no
I'm going to speak for as long as I'm
allowed to yeah I know it was kind of a
big deal like Lester Holt before the
debate said that he was not going to
fact-check which was kind of a big deal
and I know a lot of people were making
fun of him for that but I like I agree
like that's not his job as a monitor he
was too busy he's too busy his job is to
moderate he can't do both at the same
time exactly he has to just allocate
time that's all he has therefore that
about a stipulation of the debate one
could then I went out of his hands even
the fact-checking
well there was plenty of fact-checking
going on oh you could in fact I was
running of NPR you know um The New
Yorker oh ok but but they were multiple
or CN n I think was into New Yorkers
doing it oh yeah multiple like
and NPR had a great like they were they
were just typing out the transcripts as
they were talking and then fact-checking
as they go on it was great
but I mean I thought he did a fine job
he he did a foam or so he did a fine job
when they were trying to deflect his
question yeah they would say you know he
would kind of no no we need an answer to
this one thing that I asked
well would he be doing the next one
moderating it I have no idea oh there's
only two more well isn't there a vice
presidential vice presidents or one all
right I'm in max means I can't do
anything for the next minute and that
should be interesting because I you know
I mean you know maybe I should pay more
attention I don't know but I haven't
ever really seen these other two people
speak before or I'm not that familiar
with their personalities or I loved the
the debates when it was Joe Biden versus
Paul Ryan last year I thought those were
some fine debates yeah pence and I can't
think of his name right name Tim Kaine
they both have very generic all-american
sounding name though aren't they aren't
weird names so they're not memorable
middle-aged white guy or generic
middle-aged white guy yeah I mean I'm
sure they have different opinions and
different stuff but but yeah they both
have you know like James Bond they both
have like James Bond the name was picked
as a cane yeah is that James Bond
originally was picked as a because it
was an everyman name and they both have
everyman names which is why they're hard
to remember yeah her name was Spiro
Agnew I would remember uncommon name at
least in this country in Greece it might
be every other person the character of
Bond was supposed to seem like very
average oh yeah it was the original
intent average guy but really a secret
agent going on adventures the really
exact areas like
Smith is he that way in the books I
haven't read many of the original books
and I don't know how long that even
lasted in the books and I love is the
original conception I've heard oh sure
that's interesting there's a man who's
alive from danger to everyone he meets
he stays a stranger of the candidates
mud-wrestle hi I could get behind that
that might be interesting and reminds me
of that remember the MTV thing where
they would have like famous people
yeah with the clay oh yeah no the bond
was was definitely a drinker the posh
shit it's fine everything's gonna be
fine maybe or maybe it won't be it's
it's all fine everything will be fine or
it won't and we'll find out see about is
the author of a book sitting on the
coffee table of the writer of James Bond
so he in in Macao climbing Ian Fleming
Fleming yeah Ian McKellen is the actor
yeah um so Ian Fleming had a book
written by a James Bond on his coffee
table
I think that's what they're saying wait
a fucking wait fuck oh but you know what
games house Madison is a fine City lots
of good stuff to do
sure it's it's also like great use book
stars it's it's that double-edged sword
Madison of a college town where it means
like they have a lot of bookstores
restaurants but then a lot of drunk
college kids yeah so ups and downs
anonymous said punk rock tried to
destroy the metal but metal was too
strong techno tried to defile the metal
but techno was proven wrong no one can
destroy it the metal only that is a
tenacious these nations do yes metal is
such a broad word though it's like yeah
a lot of things that a lot of errors
could be called metal
yes and I'm okay with that
you know what else tried to destroy
metal new metal he'll remember new metal
EU let's all be happy that new metal
didn't destroy metal because it came
close it came the closest to destroying
metal because it had the work of metal
in it yes nice one rich nice we saw was
a Tesla and DEF LEPPARD
and sticks and concert oh my fuck
last summer Melanie a nice look yeah is
that the name of a band yeah oh
named after Nikola Tesla well I assumed
but no I've just never heard of that
band before am I gonna have to climb no
not know Tesla art no they're from like
the 80s or something I don't know that
there is my profile is the other two
they're right nice corn did have one
good song at least oh sure like you know
maybe even two corn if it was just corn
they had some interesting stuff but he's
corn even new metal maybe what's new
metal that wasn't a monsters of State
Fair tour I mean they may have played
this was just at the world in Tinley
water for the tweeter center or the
something Bank amphitheater or something
whether they've renamed that thing this
time sound like fine you can make it you
can make it that's gotta be a high score
right
that has to be let's see that has to be
someone made it in seven seven four five
seconds it's probably a powerup oh sure
what's wrong with drunk college girls
nothing if you're a drunk college boy
there is yeah when when I was in college
nothing was wrong with drunk college
women but now that I'm an adult and have
shit to do I have no time plus all that
oh god he gives you a head again where
where where where where oh shit
Oh backwards that's right I think I was
pushed by a truck mm-hmm ambient music I
like a little orb now and then and some
orbital honestly I mean now that I've
got seed like I've got streaming music
I've got Google Play which means I can
in theory listen to everything but I
often listen to nothing I mean I used to
be like it used to be like CDs were like
something to find something to discover
and now I've got the whole world at my
fingertips and I just elect it all yeah
I mean that's like that's why I like
video game soundtracks so much is
because it's stuff I can listen to while
editing just kind of background music
that keeps me motivated that that keeps
me interested jump
that's fun I like James I haven't
listened to a whole lot of jazz so I
don't feel qualified to really say I
don't think I've had a wide enough
sampling I'm I'm not very into that soft
jazz that put you to sleep but you're
not into like Kenny G no but like cannon
Cannonball Adderley that that soundtrack
that they had that one song on the wolf
of wallstreet thing mm-hmm
that was Mercy Mercy Mercy I don't their
version of it that was good stuff though
and I think that qualifies is jazz yeah
and that phil collins i mean i know a
lot of people like Phil Collins a lot of
people like easy listening that that
that soothing light rock lots of people
love it well not my thing for the most
yeah you know what I think I would like
jazz I think I would like to like put on
some jazz while I work I'm terrified of
jazz there's too much of it and you just
know like you're gonna find that like
one jazz album that sucks and then
you're gonna say jazz sucks yeah and
then a million people are gonna you know
listening to the right Jess yeah I'm so
terrified of not listening to the right
jazz that I just say fuck it I'm not
listening to jazz it's it's a lot like
why I haven't seen there's a movie that
I know I should room another room yes
the room well I haven't seen the room
but that's not what I'm talking about
you should see the room I look still I
don't have to be the only one who
suffered through what we have there was
a movie I know I should see but they
there were so many like directors cuts
and studio cuts in this cut and Pulp
Fiction I never knew which enough Pulp
Fiction I never knew which version to
see so I just said fucking I guess I'm
Winston's movie Natural Born Killers
had a lot of cuts a lot of directors
constants okay Evil Dead 2 army of
Darkness it was it was a Africa
something that Blade Runner Steve Blade
Runner I like Blade Runner gods must be
crazy
so I say Africa is in the title but that
doesn't sound right
the one with Eddie Murphy sure know
Brazil Thank You Baloo nuts
balloon nuts thinks of it I have not
seen Brazil because and I that I know I
would like it I've heard I would like it
but which one should you start with but
right like I know there was like turmoil
when it came out and there's a studio
kind of director's cut in an ultimate
director's cut and I just knew that I
wasn't you know like I was so afraid of
not watching the right one that I just
haven't seen
any of them goes to camp I saw that
actually why at summer camp because they
were trying to quote-unquote reward us
for having the neatest cabin it was like
10 say hey listen someone knew where my
mind was going when I said something
Africa they knew that was Brazil and
thank you for that who still has some
things to do a lot of Brazilian people
are you descended from from people from
Africa you know that movie with foreign
country in the title
Terry had the final coming to America
that's movie I was trying to think
coming to America I've seen over and
over again and love I got stupid I'm
greedy and would just say stupid Africa
Brazil what's the difference right
what's wrong with the Ernest movies they
tend to be cheesy and predictable but
uh-huh a lot of people like us so what's
the problem
hey it could be worse I got maca me as a
reward in school as a reward I remember
what the occasion was we watched that in
school some big assembly oh yeah we
watched fuckin Mac and me it was awful
we had Richard Simmons come to our
school and assembly no shit
really really and I thought you know
maybe I'm remembering that wrong or
something but at my high school reunion
some guy had pictures and I was like
yeah it really was there that's so
strange
yeah I remember thinking he was weird of
course he's weird enough this is it
we're tight for growing up he made a
career out of being weird
Oh huge back in me I wish I had the
laser levels you got some fundamental
Christian movies reward the school
apologized I was a public school that
might be awkward yeah yep
I'm think I've seen every Ernest movie
wasn't basically like any movie though
an improvement on regular studies I mean
I if they said we were gonna watch like
like a movie version of the Toyota
owners manual for the further you know
we would be like yeah movie right yeah
not school I think Richard Simmons is
still alive yeah I believe he is yeah
just a few years ago any what it's some
kind of hell scarier to ago exactly what
was wrong with him
but yeah I think it's fucking on well
that's like totally treatable now though
I don't think I don't think very many
people die of that anymore thank
goodness I mean not that it what did he
have no no what did he have no problem
oh yeah
will we be doing pictionary again
sometime soon I don't know I dude I
liked those pictionary streams though
those were great Jack and Rich have you
ever gone through the new releases on
Steam and be depressed at how awful
looking many of the games are yeah play
it all again I'm serious
nobody ever just look through I do that
sometimes
well I'm never depressed because there's
so many good older games to play I'm I'm
often confused like what is this game
I've never heard anything about it you
know it's just there's so many new games
and so many of them have like anime
characters on the cover art and so it
just becomes one of those like what is
this game and why oh fuck oh that's
close
I hate this I hate this falling and
turning shit
this is probably the mouse what really
yeah good good leg also what's this
stupid it what also whose stupid idea
wasn't for Microsoft and Sony to do 4k
gaming when they can barely do 1080p 60
frames a second on all their games their
marketers there desperately desperately
trying to to catch up to the PC gaming
market and it just it's not gonna work
it'll be very very interesting to see
the the sales number for the 4k Xbox one
and ps4 is very very interesting does
that matter to people as much as
playability I don't think so
but that's that's Sony's and Microsoft's
next big move I'm frequently surprised
by what matters to people oh you fucking
shut up bouncy truck when I got it but
one time I make the fucking jump you got
the goddamn bouncy truck on fuck you all
we'll see we'll see how the sales
numbers do it'll be it'll be very very
interesting as someone who genuinely
believes that 4k isn't a big thing we'll
see but I think they're right like a lot
of a lot of console games are still
capped at 30 frames a second yet they
think that they can upscale the for okay
I have whatever whatever
bouncy truck the concept and execution
matter a lot more to me but you know I
mean I guess you've got a something to
put on the package if it's 4k exactly
have you been waiting to buy a
Playstation 4 now in for PlayStation 4 K
and I know there there is a subset of
the population who just is very big on
high resolution stuff sure sure I mean
we'll see you know like there's audio
files and there's wine connoisseurs and
there always gonna be people with
rarified tastes and anything but the
question is whether or not the the
market as a whole it was gonna spring
for it right again it's not fucking fair
only times we're gonna do that Oh
trouble at the UPS Depot
like you know to me a lot of you know
especially now that I have my nice new
computer it the consoles almost seems
silly yep
well the consoles are a relatively
bargain buy-in yes exactly and that's
the thing but oh but now they've you
know that once again oh my goodness in
drugs you know they're trying to bypass
the next console generation by just
slightly upgrading their consoles that's
such a horrible idea which is a horrible
idea
I can only imagine for anyone who has a
PlayStation 4 like Phil ripped off its
gonna feel super ripped off like I
bought this couple years ago they're
supposed to be last me you know half a
decade yeah oh no but don't worry you
knew the new games will still play in
the old system then what's the fucking
point of the new system only 20% cooler
but but you know on on the PC side there
is still there's there's a monetary gate
mm-hmm and for those you know like who
wants to do custom everything and build
their own there there is a there's a
technical gate to it you know the the
idea of something like a steam box is
still a really good idea I just you know
yeah well like you know computer peter
games are great for someone like you
were rich but they're not so good with a
parent who has a kid who wants to play
the games it has no idea how to build
him or her a computer i I think I think
the steam box have been wise to have a
more unified Hardware oh yeah the fact
that there are 80 different versions
that all had they don't all run the same
games no they have different specs so
we're gonna run different games better
or some games will run on this that
won't run that one it was a dumb idea
the the different hardware was a dumb
idea
oh yeah different hardware was that was
a dumb idea having having an operating
you know shipping with steam OS as an
operating system was a dumb idea no I
that's the one I want to get rid of
Windows yeah but not every you know then
you then you lose your library because
not every game runs on Linux well that's
that's the hurdle that's the major
hurdle you gotta find some kind of way
to get all the fucking old shit
that worked on Windows to work on your
Linux steam box let's you need you need
you know your steam box need that you
need to have some kind of built-in wine
Windows emulator that runs 90% of the
older window games and then once you get
some kind of foothold with your steam
box that's got fucking unified hardware
because if you're you're basically
selling a computer console that's really
the smart way to go absolutely well use
the people buying it don't have to worry
about the complicated stuff like we'll
thrown that keep it simple for the for
the market you're trying to expand and
do yeah you have steam OS you have as
many windows games emulator as you can
then once that's established newer PC
games they're gonna
be Linux compatible because they know
there's a steam box market and then you
just phase windows out out of the gaming
this yeah fucking hundred bucks for what
for Windows 10 Windows is getting to be
like Facebook where it's like we don't
care what you want look at this there
are advertisements in your Start menu
that that's unacceptable as far as I'm
concerned so what rich wants is like a
unified Universal I want I want baby's
first PC yeah you know you're not big
you're not looking for something that's
gonna fix all of your old 8-bit games
and 16-bit games and all the PlayStation
4 games and this oh fuck you oh I'm
sorry
did you want some laser trucks oh my god
no like with laser trucks like on these
later levels
now we're borderlining impossible
it's like it's like a rave in hell the
laser trucks everyone make sure to take
your ecstasy open oh good it's like a
rave on the damn rain at rush hour
during construction season they don't
know what they don't all know at the Dan
Ryan is it's like a rave on the busiest
expressway in Chicago during rush hour
when its construction season well no Dan
Ryan construction it was a nightmare I
remember one day they sent me out to
Evanston for work and it took me well
over an hour to get from downtown to the
site to Saks Park so we're talking about
from like more than zero to like 35 so I
mean I could have walked it faster
my favorite is when you land on the
windshield yeah of the truck just
because it looks ridiculous this game is
starting to lose it it's all rich
yeah we've been going for a while I want
you to beat this level and then we can
talk about losing it for real I think
you can beat this level
no not Evanston to Sox park from
downtown to Sox park but yeah it was
from Evans Evanston to the south suburbs
was the whole trip but the part that was
just downtown to US Cellular Field yeah
Evanston to get off at 127th and head
out a little south from there I haven't
sinned to get off that 167th off to 94
127
your laser trucks you can't have your
lazy doggy thank you thank you
nice one you're going again yeah I hear
California's horrible to drive Milwaukee
is much better though
yeah Milwaukee we have like times for
traffic yeah la Los Angeles is is an
enigma there's just constant traffic at
all hours and I suspect New York is
probably the same although some of those
people take the Express or the trains
and stuff and oh yeah you know a New
York yeah traffic is mood because they
have public transportation everywhere
and in LA and like the buses are a joke
well that's true not all California just
say yeah I realize like Northern
California is like totally different
Karen reveal thyself it is ID Karen is
speaking to us from beyond the webcam
spooked over starting early whoo they
said we need to do a rendition of you're
the one I want for Greece fortunately I
don't know all the lyrics I got Jesus
they're multiplying even far easier
follow this power you're providing its
extra fire well you better shape up
boo-boo
cuz I need a man you've seen this a few
times and my heart is set on you you
better shape up you better understand
something something similar this is true
this is true
you don't wanna that one you are the one
i want honey yeah I've seen it a few
that one
for many years I was a wedding DJ and
popular they love the fuckin grease
megamix at weddings or they did a ship
they did Elly's tell me I don't know the
lyrics to that song all of them like
there there was like a grease megamix
thing yeah and then like that would cut
into greased lightnin and that would cut
into summer lovin everyone knows summer
lovin having a blast I know I don't know
if I do I might summer love her
summer lovin it so fast better girl
crazy for me met a boy Candace can be
summer days drifted away
oh one it wonder and live on the
royalties forever oh well oh well oh
well tell me more tell me more did you
get very far
tell me more tell me more like did he
have a jack was high on olives when I
was when I was high on coconuts Oh set
bail you're right I am you know I got
grease that's what I got I got grease
isomorphic Taurus wants to know I said
more horse wants to know why they were
born with ears well you know you want a
couple of options did you pour hot wax
into them you could stick an ice pick
and them I mean it's never too late to
remedy that issue I've had one beer
tonight so it's not the beer drunk it's
my love of Greece I actually have no
love of Greece I think it's a really bad
movie and musical and I think it's like
super dated and I never much cared for
it but you just hear those songs and
they get they get in your brain yeah
it's it's you know we make another good
essential earworms
well no no but I it's in my brain
because I've heard it so many times not
because it's a good music alright but
it's but it's an earworm kind of a - did
it today what was my favorite song to
play at a wedding
my favorite mix as a DJ I would play the
what is it called there's like the song
that the Bulls used for their entrance
music dududududu Gary Glitter's rock and
roll part they won it was something
children I want to say like it was like
yeah like rich said it was like very
ambient he liked to do good thing good
thing yes so you get this background
music going and then you start princes
let's go crazy you know where he's gonna
do a beloved we are gathered here today
and it's just like it's just prints
being prints and sang weird shit and
then you know let's get crazy start so
you pull out the children something
right and then let's gets crazy goes
love it it's a great song and let's get
crazy ends with that like wicked ass
guitar solo and nothing else just a
guitar solo right as the guitar solo
kicks off you play Billie Jean so like
and like the beat for Billie Jean kinda
mixes with the sweet ass guitar solo of
let's go crazy
definitely mashups it was so that was my
favorite mix as a DJ and people you know
like I would play that mix for
everyone's waiting and someone was like
that was a killer fucking mix and I was
like I did that just for you just for
you that give you something to eat that
is an olive swimming in cocoa give me
some really for real food give me some
real food or on bringing out the Kenny G
yeah play all the prince
at your wedding that's basically I was
talking about the Chicago that was the
song they played for the Chicago Bulls
when they were introducing players
does someone know and like I this is
like also probably just what they
introduced like a ton of players as for
a lot of sports type events but whoa
but out
maybe yet maybe Alan Parsons maybe could
be on partisans CI is the sky looking at
you like I said I want to say no nah hey
hey that's steam that's kissed the boy
goodbye or whatever bye Steve I think it
was like I think it had children in the
title it had like the word children in
the title the chat said it five times is
Alan Parsons serious Oh serious that
sounds right
serous hold on Sara's are serious
I think it's serious like dogs
I'm not typing I'm not oh god this is
just not fair no no Ellen Ellen Parsons
Project eye in the sky oh we're gonna
see if this is it
they said it's called I hope somebody
said it's called iRobot hold on we need
to watch a commercial about moderate to
severe plaque psoriasis first before we
can see if this is the right song I won
the genetic lottery on that one I don't
have the particular condition yes orange
free cat just like like Brazil had
Africa in the title jack often gets his
wires crossed
that's just what happens sometimes I
don't have a good brain but that's okay
oh I can spit this out
oh this sounds promising that's up this
is it Alan Parsons Project serious that
is it that's it oh god we have to turn
it off now make it stop make it stop
before we get sued and so that you start
with that and people don't really know
what's going on but you let that go for
like you know 20 30 seconds and why does
it sound so different well I have a cold
they start with that then as that plays
you start you start princes let's go
crazy daily beloved we are gathered here
today to celebrate this thing called
life because he's Prince and he can do
whatever he wants or he could you could
r.i.p it reminds me of over here the
ministry psalm 69 congregations please
turn your hymnals to the book of
Revelation Psalm 69 it's like 69-64 kind
of weird TT techno bouncy throats here
it means we just sit here and do nothing
for a few minutes to get through this
thing is that what it was called this
thing called love or I've you know
praise a little thing called Bob fun
whoa fucker
I have a Purple Rain karaoke laserdisc
oh nice I've heard some great covers of
Purple Rain Prince is just the fucking
best at everything even in death prince
is the best at everything he's the best
dead guy oh he's the best thing he's
killing it at being dead as far as as
far as well thank you Jack the crazy
11:00
I no longer wedding BJ but I did have a
good time while doing that it was it was
a great job it was a great job that I
just needed to stop doing because it was
every weekend you know it was every it
was working every single weekend and
that's apparently when other people like
do stuff like during the weekends I
spent too many years in retail I really
don't not familiar with that concept in
fact my new position will involve
working in both Saturdays and Sundays
but he originally wanted me to work
nights so could be worse yes see work
I'll see rich this way what fellow
there's a boulder behind you oh I
couldn't spend every weekend watching
other people be happy it was sickening
me yeah that was part of it and dealing
with a lot of drunk people I'm sure well
dealing with drunk people dealing
weddings weddings are fucked up man and
you know weddings cost a lot of money
and you have to deal with people who
have already spent like way too much
money then they're drunk and then
they're like unhappy because their day
isn't turning out how they saw it in the
magazine bridezilla
and you're just fucking there to play
music you know like I'm not I'm not here
for that
yeah it's not my fault your florist gave
you chrysanthemums instead of carnation
exactly I play the music and I make sure
that you were on the day
for when you throw the thing you have to
throw that's my job can you you know
when they play the slow music when you
have to hold your fiance up exactly
exactly and there's like the deejay has
a lot of bride and groom and bride a
party language you know like we got okay
we have to wrangle everyone for the
introduction of course they're off
taking pictures they can't be wrangled
so then you have to take them away from
their photographer who they also paid a
lot of money for and their photographer
isn't happening because they need to
take the pictures so they take them away
from you it's it's it's restful work I
have a friend who's a photographer she's
she gets to wrangle a lot to write and
it's like it's it's a big stressful day
and you're just part of the stress and
it was fine when I was a teenager but
I am still I'm still very critical of
wedding BJ's when I go to weddings now
pay attention to what the DJ does that
was I mean I can't believe that too slow
songs in a row come on sometimes too
slow songs works slow songs bring people
to the dance floor and sometimes the
first slow song doesn't work it doesn't
do it because like people have to go get
drinks okay they're gonna use this slow
song and go your drink the second slow
song man has got to be big comedy they
need to have a video game about this
like like a red wedding DJ tycoon or
something or you have to like balance
the right kind of music to make all your
little people do the right shit the more
people on the dance floor
yeah the better yeah Plus do you know
they have to have little happy hearts
over their heads of course of course
Rich's wedding at the Walmart near the
blood-pressure machine with some with
some rather confused old woman confused
and/or offended old woman as a witness
well what a most critical of his song
choice and you know placement of the
song and you know like it was something
that's very popular now at weddings is
is clumping all of the special dances
right at the beginning of the evening
like yeah if the the father-daughter
mother-son dance they have the the
bouquet toss and garter toss and then
those two people dance they have the
bride and groom's first dance they had
like they have all these special dances
the down-low dance and what I've seen a
lot of modern weddings is them just like
clumping all that shit the very first
four people start to leave right and
then you know what the photographer can
take all the pictures and then the rest
of the night we can just dance which in
theory is smart but then they're not
pacing themselves like those dances
exists so people can take a break so
they can get drinks refreshed so we can
continue to
we can continue to what he call it
admire the bride the bride no one cares
about the girl tick and so like it's a
neck it's another excuse to get people
to look at the bride which is the whole
purpose of the wedding and so I don't
like it with it like alright now we're
gonna do the mother gonna dance a little
here oh yeah this one now the father's
out of Angela now that I'm that grandma
needs a dance that dance and then you
know twenty minutes goes by and
everyone's born so and then everybody
leaves to go pee and the photographer's
ticked off
what do you mean the the maid of honor
isn't in the Tosti thing no and you know
most people aren't doing the dollar
dance anymore I don't know what that is
dollar dance was a pretty popular thing
where you had to pay a dollar to dance
with either the bride or groom oh okay
those up moneymaker for the money but I
think you know like hey you know young
couples start off on their own you know
you know it's more just one of those
community there may be some short dance
is that a lot of them to make up the
outlay for they know yeah you know you
get like 20 seconds and you can and you
get to talk to them and say yeah great
it's not something most people do
anymore but it'll go faster grabs a
Byron's but yeah so my cousin's wife did
the dollar dance they pinned the money
on her dress what that's crazy yeah that
seems sort of I mean then the dress is a
very expensive thing we would always
have the the maid of honor and the best
man hold a jug or you know hold like a
pair and then they were they were also
crying ever do like any Jewish weddings
when I got like the chairs and furniture
oh yeah yeah hava nagila all up in it I
am just about done okay
don't try to beat this level or yeah
we'll see we'll see or you don't care
that much I don't care that much about
this level I cared about the
a few get through that world yeah now I
want to see what this world worst life
but I'm about done
you're on Iran world you're gonna play
another game after that know what time
it is late it's almost uh it's 10:30 oh
it's late ish that's like some kind of
Japanese mall or something
any money is some old-school Mexican
thing might be I'm sure like you know
it's it's all fine like I get it you
know like it's about the community
coming together for the young probably
poor couple because when everyone's
young everybody's poor did they do did
you ever do like a quinceanera
I never date a quinceanera all right I'm
done I did a few bar mitzvahs did a few
school dances I'm trying to think of
like the weirdest event that I've done
school dances you have to like carefully
curate your music to make sure nothing
is parental advisory yeah listen this
yeah that was weird
the Bar Mitzvah was weird those are
young kids those are young kids and like
nobody really cares about dancing and
I'm not Jewish so I just I was just like
the kids just they can I get some money
exactly and this is fine so I get some
money and in in theory I've grown up now
but come on everybody knows I'm still 13
so or 12 if the girl knows wait they're
12 where's the 12 for the boys and 13
for the girls I'm not Jewish I think I
got it backwards the weirdest thing that
happened at wedding mostly it's a lot of
puking on the dance floor which is never
fun that was that was the usual thing
I'm trying to think of anything like Wow
one that I did the groom got caught with
the maid of honor in the bathroom at the
wedding at the reception Wow
they had just Sun you know said their
vows ad Thursday be the way today
he couldn't even wait a day wow that's
insane
yeah right you think you could wait
until I don't know the day after your
wedding a lot a lot of June weddings day
before get it out of the way or the day
and yeah oh so one of the weirder things
and like I know this is common but I did
a couple weddings where they were young
like I did a couple of weddings where
they were like 17 18 hmm and then you're
just you just kind of feel weird yeah
he's no they're gonna get a divorce in a
few years right they'll be fine this is
if you're not old enough to drink at
your wedding
probably somebody's pregnant and parents
are pressuring right yeah yeah so so
like just a couple of weird weddings the
strangest ones were when like no one was
on the dance floor
and a lot of people would leave early
and a lot of times I'm gonna say 60% of
the time the room would be empty like
you know we played till midnight
8:00 till midnight was was the deejay
thing and a lot of times the room would
be cleared by like 10:00 yeah
they let you go home earlier no no we
have plans and so you know what would
have we talked to the bridegroom and you
know like a lot of times they'd be their
family and they just say just play
background music and we're gonna be at
the bar and drink and that's what we do
just play the same music just lightly
and hmm coconut loves it but it was just
sad we're like weird yeah where's all
the people you know this is a party well
we don't know that many people it would
be one too much of a fire we're gonna
have a small low-key affair but then you
have a small low-key
thing now like a big reception with the
way so anyway let's do the thing where
we thank all the subscribers serious
Ellen Parsons project I need to remember
that serious into let's go crazy into
Billie Jean
no way I'm a smooth criminal yeah well
fuck that up Billie Jean is do do do
more than the beauty queen of a movie
scene James man a fantasy
have you seen the literal version or
whatever it is the video where they lure
so what's going on yeah oh
lyrics are kind of narrating the video
I'm not going to stop singing I will not
stop singing and you can't make me stop
sing well you could mute you could mute
you can't make him stop singing but you
can make you stop hearing that's true
the way you want to go this is the truth
of the matter okay here is the point of
the show in which we thank all the
people who subscribe to us during the
stream much like TC LP nine nine nine
four twenty four fucking months in a row
TC LP nine nine 9's does anyone know
when a pizza roll expires mine's two
years old and is still Karen doesn't
know what's going on even though you
just explained I just explain what's
going on these are all the people why do
you want to read some of these sure all
right
Karen's gonna read some of these MCOs
neck 15 months boom am I supposed to put
profanity in there it's vanity over 20
okay Filippo subscribes to hack frauds
says thanks guys for all the hours of
mindless entertainment keep it up
collecting data 20 19 months they don't
get a fucking if it's over a year
we say how many my how many months okay
if it's over 20 we say fucking all these
weird arbitrary we have we have strange
rules drew j'en georgian says we need
don wilson owner of Minnesota's largest
truck Depot
this is everyday fan do master
welcome Hertz Ben Z herrmann herrmann Z
good trucks good night good night Harman
finem on the off switch I was 1984 / s
16 months sir
argan noble gas so sir argon noble gas
says fork my cork sausage toes 21
fucking months is a hot dog a sandwich
yes I believe it is no no not if the bun
isn't cut all the way a sandwich is
between two slices of bread a hotdog is
a piece of meat wrapped in one piece of
bread no because it is not a sandwich
submarine is a wrap some hotdog is a
race and witches can have seven
sandwiches just have a hotdog is no a
wrap is a full whole different kind of
bread that fully envelops the thing
you've any any any sub sandwich place
that doesn't cut all the way through is
doing it weird you are your hotdog is a
wrap no wrap is a flexible thin tortilla
like how much do you think a hot dog is
hotdog hotdog bun it does not so really
it does not fully envelop the hotdog in
every way to wrap and annobón is is you
can bunt bend a wrap in the direction
other than around and it's floppy hi hi
a pea you try running try I'm gonna have
you done a hotdog a decent amount
yes but it's gonna break in half go then
it is a wrap get out of town so yeah you
go Alice Lee try to say that a hotdog is
a taco a hotdog is a sandwich a hotdog
is it's a it's a it's a piece of meat in
between bread it's a sandwich we're
gonna bring it back to this you think
you can copy the two pieces or hotdog
bun we're gonna get you could pull the
two pieces of a hot dog bun completely
apart we are gonna get back to this
we're gonna get that's just a broken hot
dog bun space camo 25 fucking months in
a row van Drance sausage toes 2000 did
we say yes we did oh shit
mr. creepy and red star 2 1 1 2 thank
you for subscribing we really every year
it's true really do we it's true I
really do Oh
PDA no no with it yeah
