Jan 20, 2016
Pizza Trek, Punch Club
https://www.twitch.tv/video/55520243
https://www.twitch.tv/video/55521786
https://www.twitch.tv/video/55524697
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmDcl4cMnTE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZU3ihM_P8Ic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evUysXD10Ck
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/689904762121232389

[Part I]
remember when I said jacket when I'm
ready oh I like this song so I like this
trailer anyway caught in the hype train
well not really I just like this song
because it is so great anyway the wind
blows Suicide Squad don't really care by
Queen hi everybody welcome hello welcome
welcome
um rich has yet to see the Suicide Squad
trailer and so we're gonna watch it
we're gonna watch the Suicide Squad
trailer right now in Soviet Russia Jack
is fat and Rich's still bald all that's
not nice stream is cutting out for you
sometimes it takes a while
he's rich drunk yes no you Rich's drunk
all the time every day it would be weird
if rich was not drunk alright so I'm
going to watch this Suicide Squad
trailer yep and I'm gonna really enjoy
Bohemian Rhapsody and I'm probably not
going to care that much about the movie
right let's watch it Oh actually right
stopping unclick the sound for the over
granola it's gonna get flags it's gonna
get taken down okay well people who
aren't familiar with the trailer I mean
we just not put up this portion right
there we're gonna well I guess there's
something you it just okay now go back
well we already had that first bit it's
just right now that's just so it's too
late that's three seconds that's gonna
shoot like three seconds okay okay we're
watching the trailer now
you
it's cute
I hate jared leto so much
I hate him
that is a great song it's a great song
movie might be fun I don't know so
that's super hyped it would be fun it's
a good trailer is the thing I think the
movie is going to end up being be boring
bud yeah I have no idea
this trailer together did a really good
job that's like the most unnecessary
line in the entire movie in an trailer
ok so that was we thumb it the trailer
is really fun
it's Bohemian Rhapsody and Bohemian
Rhapsody is amazing song so who knows
anything about the movie but the trailer
is really fun it brought up my hype
level a little bit the movie yeah went
from on a scale of 1 to 100 I went from
0 to like - yeah yeah there you go
I I hate I don't know but Will Smith as
as a bad job know is he done yet I
thought it was Deathstroke no he's not
that he's dead shot he's dead shot ok
never mind that there's there's a lot of
dead or death or yeah shots yeah I don't
know anything about Deadshot so I can't
say he's really good at aiming okay
that's what dead shots deal is and he
has like a cybernetic eye thing okay and
that's that's dead Jen I think it was
Deathstroke I'm wrong that's fine that's
fine yeah you're wrong that's fine
he's Deadpool you're right dead bolt the
dead dead that he's dead then he's
playing that the dead dad yeah I hyper
extreme dead am I the only person in the
world who likes Will Smith yes I love
Will Smith even when he's trying to be
serious
I like I like The Fresh Prince of
bel-air well enough yep that's it
really for the most part I don't I don't
despise him I like him he doesn't excite
me though I think he's cool
I think he's neato I think he's neato
burrito so I like him but I we were
talking about this Chapman and black was
very fun
men in black was very fun in large part
because of Will Smith hmm his bike
medium oh my god
that's a loud one daddy oh you looking
for I turn the TV down uh-oh I forgot to
open the thing that'll tell us who said
what and the thing it's up there I also
hate oh great
Lord Belmont says hey glad to see you
guys finally here please play something
good either Just Cause 3 or police quest
- Oh have we got some stuff for you guys
tonight what's not police question it's
not you can't follow up a police quest -
requested oh if we got something for you
that's just setting them up to be to be
drop-kicked yeah you're a cruel man
we've got some weirdness for you tonight
ah we didn't want to do police quest -
because we just got done with undertale
which was a very you know talkie-talkie
voice heavy one so this basically we're
gonna jibber this is going to be a
gibberish stream mostly um what we have
here first rich if you could turn this
on for everyone and let me get that OBS
okay well wait first what you need to do
is click refresh on the Mozilla wait was
this on before - we did that Suicide
Squad audio get out no it did not did
you turn it back on I did not turn it
back on come on oh well fuck it
fine great if I get okay so four Oh
actually first thing you know you need
to turn the other music up I don't know
what
okay unrelated music I don't know why a
has to be on we could wait on this but
just because I want music in the
background okay I think I guess I think
it's nice when we have music in the
background okay so hit refresh here then
turn it on here so people can see the
opening cinematic ready fast
I'm not that fast I have to refresh
again does that refresh oh my god wait
where am I looking
yes all right what the fuck is this this
is a fan game data sir the object is a
meeting a coherent energy field it seems
to be intelligent click to continue oh
my god a fan sent us this game that they
made the Ben Clarkson open channel will
you probably a better car than me
open channel identified life-form
unidentified life-form you are on a
collision course with the planet Sigma 9
explain yourself and hopefully you all
can see it's a pizza the planet must be
destroyed that planet is inhabited by an
intelligent species we believe a life
has the right to continue to exist and
flourish please change your course we
are willing to assist OPA card ever the
diplomat ever the diplomat this is a
rational all chemical and nuclear
processes eventually end the tendency of
a system towards heat death is absolute
the planet will be destroyed we as a
Federation of United planets believe in
using that time to better ourselves to
explore this reality using science and
exchange cultural information continuing
to exist leads to valuable insights
irrelevant those insights disappear
death is absolute there is no cultural
understanding no battering of the self
only object and sign exchange only
object and sign exchange which
themselves create the self what your
universal translator provides one of any
numerous inso morphisms to your own
language game isomorphisms isomorphisms
to your language game you read and
assume my
put his intelligent decoding and
interpreting but there is no will no
thought my word output is merely a
result of electromagnetic Cascades would
respond to your presence and input no
metaphysic consciousness mechanical then
why destroy this world now why not let
nature take its course I am nature the
giant slice of pizza says this I am the
way of things just as you will try to
stop me and you will fail the planet is
suffering from a famine and I represent
a well for a wealth of caloric energy it
is irony to be destroyed by one's own
desires or part of the nature of
consciousness to realize what you love
will destroy you are you willing to
change course we are willing to take
action to prevent the destruction of
this planet impossible the planet will
be destroyed by famine or radical
abundance its history forgotten same as
yours if you were to feed it and
maintain an impossible ideal equilibrium
for this world eventually that becomes
untenable from the thermodynamic
position from a thermodynamic result
what the fuck if you if you act you will
ultimately play a role in the end of
this world time is a dimension and all
particles have resting positions this
pizza is rich Evans I would be
represented by a gigantic oversized
pizza we could find new technologies new
sources of energy there is an actual
game here once we get through this
impossible there is only a certain set
amount of energy in the universe and it
moves from high energy to low energy to
cold even distributions of particles
your Federation is irrelevant
I am the infinitive space the paradox of
life the Alpha and
I consume world's I am nature captain
logically the life-form is correct there
is no rational reason for life to
persist everything is meaningless from
its position that very well may be true
but the pleasure of life of experience
ton of experiencing time of telling
stories about why it should be a way of
telling stories about why it should be
meaningful is important I believe it is
important we find meaning based on
values and our values the assumptions
this translator makes does not change
the meaning of what I hear it creates it
even if its death is inevitable the
story of how we saved Sigma 9 has
meaning to both us and its inhabitants
the world is meaningful my Picard is
turning into my pizza yeah come here to
the pizza yeah you did pizza is waiting
less you barely wish to acquire more
signs and objects but you cannot Bradish
me you can try to suit yourself
I am death by abundance you are drunk
with life I've heard enough close the
channel raise shields
there we are okay so we this little box
down there and you might be able to drag
it I think you can like drag it around
no okay so you can scroll up and down Oh
a Lupin a little bit so you have
tactical operations science and crew so
now you just click on what you want to
do you're Captain Picard
alright let's discuss some scans go on
shore what is this thing
transfer energy and a lot of that how
science would probably tell me Network
plasma static and verse tachyon reverse
no scanning all right what does
commander data having to say sure
captain if we admit a terror it may be
the captain if we admit a turn now my
god
captain if we admit a touch tetri on
there we go field from the deflector
array you can do it rich I believe in
captain if we omit a tetra on field from
the deflector array we may be able to
interfere with the entity's energy
weapons oh so what this is for everyone
wildly asking what this is been Clarkson
this is you can you can go play this
game now at the Ben Clark's and dot-com
slash Star Trek he tweeted this to me
saying that this is a thing he made a
couple years ago and he thought we might
enjoy it you're saying Jack would be a
way better data huh you're saying Jack
would be a way better you just want me
to ruin my voice again I'm just curious
how your data would be cuz I'm not even
really trying I'm just trying to sound
fairly emotionless and doing a bad job
of it I'm trying to remember data now
because I'm too full of silly you're too
full of silly captain captain if we
admit a tetra on four you know I don't
know I don't I can't it's like that's
like one of those captain there's creepy
job if we had met at a tree on field
from the deflector all right what is
that movie with like the psychic power
kids with like the weird eyes and the
white hair yeah like children or
something
Mitchell another corn there were
children of the Damned killed you there
Village of the Damned that's
like--that's what is it you sound like I
do I cannot hear data in my head so I'm
very sorry no Mitchell do dinner okay
tetri on field from the deflector array
you begin oh he just did it I didn't
give the order to do it the pizza did
some damage to us right oh my god yeah
report my pod
I guess we want shields brain what bars
what is one of these shields um white is
either I think white is shields okay and
then green is life ooh what a science
get us
let's start it's not the date again and
find out what the fuck he did wrong
well CY tries to say too many women too
many too many women captain too little
time I don't have a valid suggestion I
am useless a classic Riker make your
wanders off to the holodeck all right
Worf when we get a tactical report what
just happened
captain this pizza has no honor we
should destroy it without hesitation and
feast on its flesh today is a good day
war for justice something to penetrate
the pizza something all right
our windows I know you can you can you
grab like the white part of that window
and move it over the white part of the
enterprise window the top like the edge
no that's too bad
okay well now we can read they can't
whatever will read it form okay great
all right but the pizza is now way off
center oh my god
can you click on the pizza there you go
editor can you click on the pizza I
didn't know the pizza moved no okay uh
say what do we want to know guess we
tried a cards Picard's he wouldn't just
fire even try something clever right
yeah that's uh Ted Danson says longtime
follower thanks for the fun guys
watching you play through undertale over
the past week was heaven just heaven you
know that undertale that's a pretty cute
game I thought that's adorable
it's best it's thumbs up yeah I'm gonna
talk to date again okay what did you
wrong captain if we omit it you're
saying the same fuckin thing interfere
with the entities energy weapon so so
data has found a way to disable their
energy the pizza MIT Oh so the pizza
missed us that time it didn't seem to I
guess it's just weaken it then I gotta
start shooting I guess I have to start
shooting now oh man let's uh try some
phasers phasers miss the pizza dough the
pizza mysterious energy did 43 damage to
the enterprise hmm energy shields
shields replies 10% ooh the pizzas
mysterious energy oh god I'm so fucked
we're so fucked to pierce we're fucked
you're to be dismissed woof Oh God we're
so dead engines
and you transferred engine gay all oh
that's a nice destroyed enterprise
though that is nice the pizza killed us
Wow Wow
play again well let me finish
we need to kill this pizza you're right
we need to talk to Worf and have him say
prepare file ramming speed
look at that pizza makes me hungry gruff
McMillan Terry says ok who ordered the
Borg with extra pepperoni
any of these do anything are these all
jokes I don't know I I just played a
little bit and then I stopped playing
because I didn't wanted I think a lot of
these are like don't do anything talk to
more crew alright Jody
I am realigning the warp matrix captain
that should give us more power ah why
does what is your journey sound like a
civil war-era southern belle who dogie
I'm realigning oh okay vapors okay I
have one that should give us the mole
powered sugar good corpse a lot o energy
banks replenishes zero percent Oh
fucking Geordi a corpse a lot would like
us to try bouncing a gravitational
particle beam off the main deflector
dish okay phantom or plasma static or
bubble inverse tachyon pulse reverse
deflector polarity asymmetrical versus
root that's not an option
I'm German asymmetric Verde on beam okay
it had no discernible effect oh shit
pressors phasers hit the target Oh Oh No
we did that Pizza Pizza did something
talk to talk to Worf again captain this
be chives no honor we should destroy it
without hesitation and feast on it's
fresh today is a good day to die
Worf adjusted the something to penetrate
the pizzas something feel great so are
we should that means we should be doing
more the phasers but except for the
phasers missed Worf get your shit
together
I'm realigning the wall matrix that
should give us a mobile no three percent
Oh No Pizza missed the enterprise nice
do more phasers nice 360 8's that's more
like it
and the pizza is missing so now our
weapons are doing more damage and we're
dodging murder needle opens okay do it
do it and anonymous would like to say
pizza it didn't do much more damage
okay well time thanks anonymous pizza
torpedos Oh God Jesus Christ was this
more torpedoes oh my god those two Peter
suck everyone's missing
oh my Oh big damage 644 damage ah bill
Tetley has a limerick for us once there
was an earl named Mach whose semen could
glow in the dark he brightened the slain
from what I know we just died really
quickly oh we were doing pretty well
our what slimmer what's that bill bill
what's that there once was an earl named
Mark who's a seaman could glow in the
dark he brightened this scene he
brightened the scene Oh front of the
Queen who cut off his head in the park I
don't understand what that means
sinal he brightened the scene no he
brightened the scene info even the scene
in front of the queen who curse a space
missing there once was an earl named
Mark who seaman could glow in the dark
he brightened the scene in front of the
Queen who cut his head off in the park
bill wanted us to read that Limerick are
we done with this we should give him one
more go anything you you're going okay
you're going all right this is your this
your is your call is your your
captainship you're gonna prove you're
the better Starfleet captain than I am I
do this rich I'm going to do this I'm
going to do this oh yeah I know I know
there's a pizza it's a pizza get it data
there's a fucking pizza I get it um one
small ball is there an option to beam
Wesley Crusher into open space fuck that
kid isn't knowing if I could beam Wesley
over to the pizza I would here's a
recently like I I don't know maybe it's
a false story I don't think it is Wil
Wheaton had a tweet saying I am
officially over people saying shut up
Wesley anybody who tweets at me shut up
Wesley I am blocking you - which Patrick
Stewart replied shut up well I like that
yeah
shut up a wheel
shut up wheel shot offense what do you
what are you doing with your stratagem
your strategies your strategies ation
transferring energy to engines which
doesn't seem to be doing my very good
buddy miss you baby there you go well
talk to data and data's gonna mess with
his weapons we're admitting a tech tree
on field so even if he does hit us it's
a missed great what about war for this
whatever making weapons stronger fuck
that fuck that okay like then I'm going
to invert the tachyon pulse reverse
deflector polarity no do it has no
discernible effect
let's try reversing Oh No let's try
reversing what is that science science
reverse deflector polarity has no
discernible effect fuck then we are well
then we're going all-out war here
torpedo fuck potatoes kind of suck they
miss constantly I think you're better
off with phasers yeah yeah I probably
right phasers yes 113 damage to the
pizza the pizza missed you can't fuck
with me Pizza 301 damage yeah whoa G 288
damage the pizza keeps missing G phasers
oh fuck how are we doing we're looking
pretty good I'm gonna torpedos just do
so much more to thing they've just never
hit they do twice as much but in this
three times as often yeah we're just
gonna faze arm to death then we're just
gonna try phaser him to death between
17% okay yeah we're still doing good
still doing good
we come on pizza 13% of the ends of our
reserve operations transfer energy to
shields can't lose our shields tactical
phasers go
ninety-eight damage 139 damage
phasers missed Worf Worf torpedo every
once in a while
Fock war get your shit it's not like the
pizzas moving man Worf is drunk
what yeah captain Greg in too much blood
wine oh sure we have insufficient energy
for the for the phasers energy weapons
insufficient energy talk to Jordie yeah
great
energy banks replaced by 10% Oh 10 10%
know what's 10% of nothing because
that's what we got well 10% of what they
could be sure okay
we're doing it we're whittling this
pizza down only 374
the pizza has not fired on us in a while
maybe he's charged him for some the big
right I'm just cuz I'm just gonna keep
firing lasers at the pizza
that's my plan cuz it seems to be
working
this is help the house ready yeah yeah
164 take that Pizza ha
dwarf you hunted this is what he lives
for
he was for shooting things is all he
does this is his only job and he
complains that he doesn't get to do it
constantly oh well maybe I thought you
shoot things more often if you had
decent aim you fuck you fucked Ricard's
not a pacifist he just know his tactical
officer sucks if you had if he had
someone better on the weapons picard
would rip through the galaxy degenerate
wreck everything he would wreck the
Romulan Empire mm-hmm
but he knows that Wharf and wharfs on
there you know because they have that
treaty right and the trees are the guy
keep wharf on that okay I have one of
them got a have a coin on right
they can't demote him because the stupid
treaty all right yep politics politics
that's what it all boils down to
this is this is very strange that the
pizza hasn't done anything count your
blessings
count your blessings I think it might be
a glitch you can count your blessings oh
the pizza myths
Oh
okay crew we need more power
cute by 3% oh the pizza repaired itself
oh yeah take that pizza huh it missed
its art it's my missed e95 damage we're
doing shit fuck the pizzas repairing
itself maybe life maybe the whole point
of this game is is you know like life is
useless it's always wins
I should energy fuck Jordi Jordi you
fuck
give me more shit 3% talk time for
fecundity he'll aim better I think I
think he he gives us more power but his
aim gets worse
Worf adjust the weapons to penetrate the
defenses at the cost of accuracy ah good
more damage it's a lot more damage Erik
burr wouldn't it be cool if someone made
an 85 minute cut of the 2011 Green
Lantern movie ode were you the one that
did that I still haven't seen that yet
because you said it got flagged so I'm
waiting for it to not get flagged
someone tweeted at me saying they made a
they made a better cut yeah Green
Lantern movie did they get rid of the
shitty luck in costume probably not
probably not that is in Canon with this
new DC multi-universe online cinematic
thing no the the only thing the only
thing in Canon with the DC multiple
movie universe so far is Superman and
Batman and Superman that's it it's weird
that's where they wouldn't shove the
Dark Knight in there
they can't hmm they can't why can't they
really Christian Bale would come back
they get through much oh god no
Christian Bale they wouldn't come back
he's a serious actor man
insufficient energy not that I care I
hated his portrayal of Batman then again
I'm probably also going to hate Ben
Affleck's Batman
so whatever I'll give them fucks yeah I
got a I got a pony in this race that's
true 12 percent who know now we're
talking
fuck Wharf
torpedoes oh I thought that one was
gonna hit torpedoes you're an 624 oh
shit
that was a lot of damage torpedoes and I
want to just healing I don't know if I
put some energy to the shield's or don't
I don't get no fucks oh I care if you
blow up right we're doing well this time
we're doing very well
obliterated we're gonna beat this pizza
we're going to beat this pizza the pizza
has repaired itself
come on pizza the pizza has repaired our
cell itself I think that I think the
fact that it's repairing itself means
that fighting it isn't the right choice
well we have to fight it or destroys us
and none of the science things work I
think we need more power we're going to
talk to Worf again
95 come on
talk to Worf to give me more power I do
95 torpedoes do more accurate torpedoes
70% of it okay Merc torpedoes must be
like extremely accurate don't they I'm
like tracking you Simon they move it
like pretty much basically better than a
phaser they pretty much move at the
speed of light just about they have warp
torpedoes right I'm sure they have warp
torpedoes
no they probably don't can't have warp
torpedoes I don't I have no idea
fucking torpedo
II ninety-six damage fire yourself
across the debris field in spacesuit and
then punch the pizza that's a pretty
good idea
phasers missed were woodland this pizza
down man
no torpedoes or sub why didn't they send
remember remember warps love interest
who's in like the mother of Alexander
okay when the first episode she was in
she was only in two but they sent her
and like an emergency situation like
class ten probe which is basically a
photon torpedo moving a warp yeah that's
a probe that looked exactly like a
photon torpedo
oh we just didn't mega damage we did
megohm damage and now we're out of
energy LaForge 16% pizza repair you can
you fucking fuck man I sow nice prepare
yourself all you want pizza
I'm torpedo you
torpedo best Pacquiao Takeo
torpedo missed
the pizza repaired phasers yes I'm good
yeah I'm gonna kill this Pizza yeah look
at you even get a tiny explosion that's
great oh the excitement of this style of
turn-based combat yeah yeah don't you
think it's a super exciting no no it's
not phasers phasers phasers phasers
torpedo phasers phasers torpedo phasers
phasers phasers phaser torpedo phasers
torpedo torpedo phasers phasers oh yeah
yeah it's like taking turns slapping
each other that's what this kind of
combat is lot with your problem
what's your problem then oh my god
Janice was quato says love you guys we
love you too tractor beam tractor beam
damn it tractor beam unable to lock on
thought maybe if we could tractor beam
it we could like get better Oh mega
damage rich what's your favorite JRPG
any anyone where the disk and or
cartridge is broken well do you win you
have defeated death itself oh you have
thirty thousand latinum well
Worf levels up Connor +13 fatherhood +8
romantic interests that go nowhere
well thanks Ben
thanks for tweeting this to me Ben
Clarkson that was a really silly game
technically the romance was somewhere in
Deep Space nine
now did it you hear more species name I
got like two episodes in then got bored
really yeah then got really bored there
be spoilers out there though and I know
people in the chat slowly finding the
way to deep space 9 s no that will not
be discussed okay
all right we're going to leave this now
so now Luke

[Part II]
so now book club all right go to wait go
to fullscreen for us as good all right
we're gonna play punch club hold on we
need to change the game punch we don't
know anything about punch ball this is
this is a true thing about rich and me
we don't know anything about much club
we don't know anything about punch club
I know there appears to be a ninja
turtle in it there appears to be ninja
turtle in it we know nothing about this
game oh this is the most thing we need a
mouse unless there's an option for a
controller I don't care of it okay
we were we know nothing about it we know
this is a popular game at the moment
hold on a bill heck up says hello
gentlemen I just watched space cop I
loved it
it was everything I hoped it would be
without spoilers what was your favorite
scene in the film mine was the fight
scene with Jane Ridge that's a good one
I can't say what my favorite scene is it
would be a spoiler yeah it's kind of a
chase scene you know what scene I'm
talking about the UH bad Jason
no no no the there's a train involved Oh
oh that's a good one that is a good one
that is a good one chasing chasing
that's a no that's a fun there's a lot
of fun there's a lot of fun in space cap
that will bow up scoop stop
there is a lot oh that's oh that's a
good one too Jim the the Mike with the
video camera that's a oh man there's a
lot of it there's you know what there's
a lot of good scenes in space Kevin I I
don't want to spoil anything so I'm not
gonna say anything
um let's see here Lord Belmont says if I
send you a tip with enough money to buy
Resident Evil remastered not zero on
PlayStation 4 will you play it it's up
to you I have no interest and I give
zero fucks mothers are needle series we
will we will play it I cannot tell you
for how long or if we will enjoy it but
yes I will say yes we will play it well
I know how I feel about the horror genre
hmm yeah and I never much cared for the
Resident Evil because of the fixed
cameras I owe your alone just like me
his father died ok care of you it'll be
my kid now sunny we are playing this
with the mouse we're just fine sure
still sleeping take your lazy ass off
the couch and go to work how's that for
a plan okay Frank
you're right okay Frank I'll do it right
I've left the newspaper around the table
- oh don't think about jobs
you'd work out and have breakfast okay
we can do this good yeah
but I'm just seeing what to do I need to
workout and have breakfast walk over to
the kitchen
Oh No out I'll just do some push-ups boy
1 2 4 okay push-ups done yep Stoney
Eric versus couldn't get the Green
Lantern fan added stream but you can
download the file through my friend PS
my friend down the road got his copy of
space cop yesterday I still haven't seen
it oh you need to see it
alright alright Eric I'm downloading I
see I have the page I will download it
we just put a ton of space cobs in the
mail oh my god there were so many space
cops downstairs off to the mail Sweden
tasty but not healthy ton one out today
Han went out all we have is pizza and
soda
you need the pizza alright okay though
I'm really fight a job let's look at the
newspaper that's the worst job but let's
do it let's do it
hey here's construction 3 min.i foot by
foot we're training motherfucker oh shit
eat your clothes your boots and your
motorcycle do I have a motorcycle what
do you think courage character hey yeah
you're playing you tell me fuck yeah
we're gonna write ok I have to choose
skills that your character will be using
oh look at Clippy ok all right
we've got a punch we got a kick and
that's how I got if we got a punch and a
kick we don't have any other skills we
got a punch in a kick and that's it okay
right right
are you doing anything I'm not doing
anything and you lost and I lost oh
Jesus Christ oh my god oh okay
I should train harder treat huh don't
you're right all complete I saw you
fight that was pretty impressive boys
had pretty great right hook yeah you got
really strong arms I got really strong
arms Rocco first yourself up and come to
my office and then we'll have a talk
just this guy you know wants to know how
much for our personal copies of space
cop 500 dollars here's here's the truth
yeah I don't have a personal copy of
space cop you know it's all going to the
fans right now sure I had a personal
copy of space cop yeah I gave it to
someone I gave it to someone already I
feel insulted
why just insulted I gave it to a fan
okay okay I've already given my copy
away to a fan what about the rest of the
fans did you save them anything I'm
sorry I did not what are you giving the
other 964 people you know and Jim T 9 9
9 says does rlm have APO box I just
picked up some wacky movies in Toronto
Canada yes if you go to red letter media
calm way at the bottom of the page you
will see the p.o box
it'd be great if you could visit that
bullish store don't I still haven't got
my meat delivery like that mean you bum
you're a bum no I'm gonna go to work
we're gonna do some work every time we
finish together okay great let's finish
the job boom boom boom
fuck yeah we're working
okay what did the game played it sold
great
I'll go see Mick meet Mick I did it you
met Mick he knows a lot about fighting
you feel connection between the two of
you great have a motorcycle here Indiana
Jones hat and wig and satchel that looks
like a shredder outfit that's definitely
a teenager green ninja turtle Donatello
it to be specific
that's a Raiden from Mortal Kombat hmm
oh that's probably sub-zero mmm that
would make sense
nice Casey Jones okay great ooh could I
could I tell you before you have
potential I can make you a champion you
bum it's a long road you gotta take that
first step yourself did you get the
height of a champion you know quit
there's an amateur fight league and my
friends Jim if you could prove your
worth I'll train yes go to Silver's gym
you can work out there if you're tired
of doing it at home if you'll be sure
time money coming meet me I'll feed you
about food do you want me to buy me
dinner and hey you got that money give
me free food whatever you do try to have
a reason to do it
rich too loud what's new what's new you
have nothing to say please say it only
once
great let's go to the let's go to see op
who liked the look of everything yeah
that's cute
buy some food awesome nice meat and
frozen pizza and that makes you great
and then we will say hang out there
because P to tell you about that we
still delivering for waiting for Sammy
livery oh yeah I don't take care of it
okay
just that easy oh look out and look out
here do get reference Oh yep Jay and
Silent Bob's sitting outside the store I
get reference by foot I get reference
okay hey I'm Seth hey I'm silver I guess
you did here at least for now uh-huh
okay we got silver hey told you about
our rookie league well Moe you're
welcome to participate it's pretty it's
pretty sweet pretty swell it looks like
you know how to fight do you wanna you
wanna spar with me yeah because I don't
know how to fight
okay sure punched you first no I don't I
don't think he cares you know I have no
idea what's happening he has all these
moves she's gonna kick your ass he's
gonna kick my ass so I don't know if I
click on him or do I just let him Oh No
okay I just do it yeah he's just gonna
beat me up but I'm not doing anything
I'm not clicking any buttons
game plays itself I'm sorry about we
will talk about oh you haven't been
watching making a murderer at all no
that's just so fucked up man it sounds
depressing it's it's way more depressing
than you could ever imagine because it
really happened to someone it's like I
know you don't like depressing stuff
well is there proof or is this all just
speculation though they they do the
filmmakers do a really good job of
clearly showing bias on the part of the
prosecutors and police department so
like his innocence or not is irrelevant
there was bias going into the
investigation filmmakers also have a lot
of power to get the messages through
they want to get through absolutely
absolutely
um from monkey me you guys save my day
every time you stream do you have any
idea when the next space cut blu-rays
will be available I need one you do need
one
we don't unfortunately soon I did calls
are happening emails
cause it's gonna happen soon we a lot
more than we thought there was a very
large demand for the space cop how many
people in the chat have seen it how many
got their copy
yeah oh yeah no and with for making
murder there's no proof of any
wrongdoing but there's there's proof of
bias I think
Hale okay we made it to Round three
we're getting our ass handed to us but
we his Stanworth thing is low yeah I
think yellow stem and I stand immersed
in this damn Mena Oh lose basically no
one we got I don't know what any of
these mean great not bad but you're out
of shape you can trade it by Jim not for
free of course but since you know Mick
I'll give you a discount okay
you have the possibility to sign up for
a league fight Finnegan by yellow sign
okay great
center for League get your butt kicked
right that's what you should do
wait click on the board on the board
wish my name will the digital version
have these special features as well
probably not I can only imagine that the
that's what makes blind buying the
blu-ray a little bit better
I don't know if those will ever be
released digitally ok let's go to the
gym I have 10 bucks see here what do we
want to work on what's your problem what
would you probably the last fight I I
need to I need to get moves moves are
power like I was fine with stamina
I need more move I'm gonna I'm gonna see
what this is I don't know what this is I
have I have not played pocket Morty's
because other than the Rick and Morty
connection I'm not sure I'd like it as
I'm not find a foe c'mon right
oh I need to eat how do I eat I mean I'm
sure there's some inherent humor value
to why there's not gonna be jokes yeah
things that are funny you know I got 17
bucks no but I have to eat go home and
eat go home and eat yeah but then I
gotta pay 10 bucks to get back in the
gym and not the fool who went to the gym
before eating you you know
there we go this is doing this is
building me up here fuck we got to eat
again settle down wait
it's it's good for you I mean I need
these yeah you need that ten down there
yeah okay great and then we'll do this
sure I don't know what any of these do I
don't know what any of these do Ridge
we got gave me a lot of red so this
gives me a lot of red this gives me a
lot of green this gave me all of all of
them well I think red I want I think I
want red wait levels up red I did it yay
it's confirmed that the digital version
will have some stuff says mr. shy smile
great you know what I don't which is I
do strange it's weird that it's weird
that you know mr. shott smile maybe Jay
said something yeah on the tweet stirs
okay great let's get out of here we just
trained our asses off and then let's go
let's go home we can train more and eat
so we can eat in here yeah here we go oh
yeah that steaks got what you need
that steaks there we go now we're good
to go now we can exercise here at home
push-ups the only thing we can do at
home is push-ups that's fine something
you can get more here eventually
sure that's sweet van
look one arm which push-ups you think
they could at least let you do the
fighting yourself rather than have that
be automated you would think I think
that like I said this is available
online
the real V on yes
wants to know what was the demand for
space cap compared to other media you've
released feeding frenzy gorilla
interrupted etc and it's pronounced VA
on V a on the real VA on that's not
right whatever
or is it vay on it would be a - in there
there wouldn't be there wouldn't be a -
I'm trying to like cuz feeding frenzy
that was that was a feeding frenzy was a
unique thing where that came out right
as the planket reviews were getting big
yep feeding frenzy you know the initial
release of that oh you need sleep okay
yeah we can sleep we sleep on a couch
you sleep on it that's you know heart
that's fine you're a bummer you're a bum
but you have a house we have a one leave
a one-room house we've gained a lot
today all right let's
let's go work and then and then we'll
fight yeah
we need money we're running out of money
my foot I used to think them walking to
work would train you but I think just
costing you energy uh yeah tired oh no
oh no no but we got 50 bucks so let's go
to the grocery store it's like to a poo
here I'm saying you should have ate
before work I know
what you need that steak
okay
go home too hungry to work
just go eat this eat the things you know
all the fans
except for your heart but you need yeah
you're fucked your brain you're fucked
you just you just fucked I'm sorry you
fuck did the energy drink energy drink
you at all
that'll be good I don't care our
sleepiness then you need a nap I think
you just need a nap yeah everything man
there's some food
come on
okay yeah
listen this is a real life simulator
we're gonna now eat all the things and
fucking I gotta fuckin forget to just
fucked
pretty much you're just fucked you're
gonna starve to death okay you didn't
Jim well enough cuz I didn't Jim well
enough we're gonna go to the gym and
then we're gonna fight some some people
this is not a good idea
this gave us all of them this is Marv
most bang for the buck here this gives
us some blue anymore green I think you
anymore of everything right now yet two
to one and one right you play it like
shit rock oh oh this just keeps going
what's blue weights totally a red red
the symbol for red is a weight this blue
green is shoe so Green is like speed I'm
not sure what blue is technique just
keep clicking on the fangs what gives us
bullet oh maybe this maybe the speed bag
maybe this feedback
there we go let's go this blue
I know I need to stop because I need
that food to go to work because if I
don't go to work I won't get any food I
won't uh Bluest stamina stamina okay
what kind of symbol is that for stamina
I have no idea come on you can do this
get money before you pass out of hunger
looks like some kind of work it's a
blurp okay okay well we got something we
got some okay grocery store good I got
this friend owns a restaurant who he
think you might have a job for you nice
nice
I am never afraid of work the decks of
the food's work I could do it I can't I
have the pizza right now
we can't have this why can't you have a
stick that recovers a ton of your your
knobby thing there's a fist punch what
does that I don't know okay we're gonna
go home we gotta go home no we can't do
that yet what was that that's the pizza
place where we can work we have to eat
first we have to eat then we have to map
I have a frozen pizza have a soda save
this day because we're gonna nap first
we're gonna nap first rich this is the
plan
sorry for the confusion says the real
van the E in my name is a closed mid
vowel normally represented by the
English grapheme a there is no separate
V think of it as they on okay
the real vein you could have just said
that in the chat you might have but we
weren't paying attention to the chat the
real thing on the real van all right now
we're gonna eat again well be sure to
forget by the next stream we probably
will let's be honest he did steak all
right now let's go fight
you really think you're ready to fight
really you really think that okay let's
go work no I'm not ready to fight yet
I'm definitely not ready to fight yet
but Casey proof of the store told me you
guys I've got the vacancy I'm Casey I
need someone to deliver my pecan you
kissing kissing well I'm Casey we need
someone to deliver a pizza and I think
that one could be here that's okay it's
okay that's better I get it it's not a
great case though so it's good you
deliver pizza every time you can deliver
a pizza you get $30 yeah I'll stop now
it's got special pizza we have so many
orders let's talk later
fuck you too like dad said pizza boy so
think about the 16 dollar version that
puts to your happy face up and your
happy face is lower than me agree like
your hearts full yeah full heart we're
fine with the heart
you're nothing but heart Rocco and
bought huh you're nothing but heart okay
let's let's go home and sleep that's our
plan right now cuz we're really really
fucking tired we're gonna sleep then
we're gonna eat and then we're gonna see
if another fight comes your mood is is
quite low it affects your training
efficiency
well fuck man each big do then fuck you
bro I think we can do this and we can
like play games to improve our mood oh
no oh yeah okay that improves our mood
but eat some food hey I am so happy yep
now it's time to sleep great now we're
happy and we're getting some sleep sleep
off and that makes us happy too great
okay it's like a horrible balancing act
that a no way shape or form involves
actual fighting or fighting skills if
you could at least mash buttons that
would be something that would be
something
okay we got to we got to go sign up when
I when I saw this game with that it's
gonna be a lot of a lot of fairly
tedious character stat building with
with some but massive fight sequences
that don't take much skill because they
didn't focus on that you don't you don't
even button match though you don't even
get that you can't you can't even fight
it's cute I love the I love the
graphical style I like the ideas it
seems it isn't that fun overall I don't
know I haven't really played it myself
it's all been you what do you think it's
it's interesting I could definitely see
this as a mobile game you know you know
just something to tap on yeah on your
phone while you're while you're pooping
the fights aspect huge letdown
I I'm hoping you just you just need the
most basic of fighter just the most
basic of fighter would have been
something I'm hoping that something
happens where we can like choose a
loadout of some kind that makes it more
something left of beefcake says I hear
laundry simulators in the works now work
out see if I can get this red bar up
okay good do I have enough money for one
of you for something in here right now
okay I think I've got another game on it
seems like game game dev sim or
something little something like that
oh yeah I've heard good things about
that okay go home by foot
whoa who did
Lu hey kid I hope you're not trying to
focus on too much all at once it's okay
to have a more fuck what you think I
trust both myself everywhere values you
could try but in between the working
eating sleeping
alright good afraid we need to focus on
a couple of course drinks right you're a
smart kid keep at it
hi Chad not true miss Frank I think he's
the cop that raisin ah you do get to
unlock moves as the game progresses but
you get to actually use them yourself or
is the game just no the game just days
yeah I guess I gotta work
game dev tycoon yeah I've heard never
good things about that all I remember is
they they had a funny thing where they
released a copy to the torrents yeah
and that copy if you torrent it it that
copy was overrun by people pirate in
your game so you could never win mm-hmm
and then the people would complain to
them on their message boards like
pirates like people kept buying our game
and there was nothing we could do to
stop it and they're like ha ha
the irony of people the Pirates going to
the dubs and asking if there was some
kind of like DRM they could develop in
the game okay we are now officially
signed up for a fight let's try to some
more like rocky I can't do
impersonations that's my best money
I can't get there before you fall asleep
nice okay stop
by some pizza special pizza back Bobby
I put special Indian spices in it for my
regular customers
I make pizza with extra spices wanna try
some yeah yeah should be to see here it
is the number one slot by the way I have
a special order which needs to be
delivered all the way in Tacoma when al
with a special agreement Casey do you
just put the pizza down nuts about your
agreement I need money
whoa
we don't have any moves we're stronger
than well you're gonna get your butt
kicks what's gonna happen look at that
look at the stance look at the breakdown
you're fucked
you run away oh I can't run run away
I can't run away you have to run away
nope
okay
now if we could hit him once I would be
happy can we just I mean obviously he's
a ninja crocodile he's a kung-fu
crocodile okay we hit it once we don't
have any oh wait is that a hard perk no
this is Berk
we're gonna die we're gonna die
can I
no I can't like and I was like I even
like punched Oh combo oh you go good
okay we made it around three this is sad
this is Santa choose a strategy this is
so sad
this is your strategy is you don't have
any strategy except for the 100 I get it
we lose a lot I'll take my revenge later
hey that was weird
that was weird sleep Oh No okay I think
you're Rocky is a little Yogi Berra
SHhhh
yeah I can't do impressions I'm sorry
that's why you're stuck with this that's
not rocky that's a unique character that
I have just created yeah
now we're gonna go home now we're gonna
get some sleep is there a time limit on
what how to develop your fighter to get
so good by this date for the big
tournament no you just do this forever
with no rush forever
oh but is there like a clock you're
racing or something oh we lost lots of
it we got a fight coming up though
we got a fight big fight coming up rich
do some exercises I just want to know
when I learn new things I don't forget
you probably have to win fights that's
probably it here we go
leveling up doing this I don't like the
gym anyway you're getting far less per
push-up yeah I think the gym would be
like a lot more efficient could be like
many multiple times more efficient
comically so wait where's all that pizza
that I bought you ate that at the pizza
place it's a pizza restaurant not a
grocery store what do you think was
gonna happen
I actually thought that was gonna come
home oh shit oh shit get 12 bucks huh I
have 12 I need something I need some
food fight this guy maybe he'll give you
free food for dinner hey what are you
staring at just what I saw though you've
put teeth fight fight okay fight time to
kick some ass hey we actually have a
chance we have a chance against this
street the street punk ain't no ninja
crocodile kung-fu crocodile there we go
there we go oh that's right Mick has
some grub before if we don't have any
food your money
yeah kick his ass I
we might win this rich I think it's
gonna happen I'm hope I can't wait till
we win this fight
we've been I'm gonna sit here and watch
in training our whole lives to fight
this one Punk rich here's my hands
oh wait I'm gonna do something I'm gonna
hit the fight button fight fight
okay oh don't lose to the street punk Oh
Oh combo nice combo now three of twenty
oh my god you can only go twenty rounds
that's good to know
I'm kick his ass already and click the
button okay hey I almost lost because I
dropped the mouse great
good job skips cap you prevented a crime
for the first time I am proud of you oh
thank you thank you you are a mighty
warrior what watching you fight it
reminds me of an old friend
he was a great Nestor oh yeah could you
give me your buddy instead of him okay
get some pizza we'll go to Mick coz Mick
Mick gives us some food
Nick I'm hungry here's your meal kid you
lousy bum thanks Mick I think yeah I
think you're angry
fine you sad man
right when is our fight oh it's tomorrow
okay alright let's get some work done
this is the good stuff to do okay here
we go fight is today rich the big fight
I am not prepared for the big fight at
all no no you're not I don't know any
moves but I think I need to fight I'm
gonna try to raise up my shit here so
I'm gonna go home go to the gym food at
home have that pizza at home okay I'm
gonna go home
I just want to raise his raise up my
levels go to the gym and do it right huh
go to the gym over here
look I get full bubbles I just want to
get I just want to take up to three yeah
and come on boom okay there we go that's
all that's all I want
well I should get to wide you could blow
up huh runt you could blow up to three -
oh I didn't know it was that close okay
I don't want to lose too much sleep
though I won't be tired going to the
fight tired but by an energy drink
energy drinks okay okay here we go
come on blue come on blue you get ahead
by now if you went to the gym yeah ten
bucks is that oh okay I got him up to
three that's all the matters I got him
up to three that's 10 bucks rich yeah
yeah unless you eat before the fight I
don't have any food
I can go to the pizza place though
order pizza great all right now we are
good to go now let's go fight okay oh
you got this in the bag
oh great song mo Sun mojo Jo Seung Jo Jo
come on glass Jill you ain't got nothing
it's gonna mean combo that's not that
mean that's not that mean all right and
I am actually enjoying watching this
game I don't really know why can you
guys play the sims next you know it's
the I get it like it like I said to me
this this is and it is it's on mobile
this is a great mobile game this is
something where you could just kind of
click and play for five minutes a day
playing this way is a little strange but
I could see like just plopping down on
your iPhone for five minutes a day
building up your fighter some something
to play for five minutes and then forget
about until week down the line you got
this so got this
Oh what was that I don't know I just
like gained back a bunch of momentum boo
we win great happiness one way up
happiness one way up we got three things
skill points oh we can use their skill
points okay I knew you'd have to win
fights to get shit like that yeah I just
knew it you have enough skill points to
unlock a new skill perk it is indicated
by a yellow sign of this okay oh yeah we
want to sign up for the next fight okay
block I guess we do all block dodge
tactics learner well once you get
technics learner then you could probably
get one of the other ones click on
tactics learner you can see more details
about fighting if you wanted you give
one of those or although they all go up
to that's different that's interesting
mmm-hmm so do we want a chance to block
or do we want to pummel people more if I
can uppercut yeah I don't know what any
of this shit needs sure
oh so now look the next one is three
yeah now you can see more details about
fighting skills
how curious oh that's so getting this
yeah I watch that bad info yeah yeah
okay all right great
we got an uppercut now great
we're doing great rich how is there
everything okay let's go to the gym free
yeah by what your I've energy to Train -
wow dude do what you need to do jack you
doing you need to do
oh no you're right oh well fuck I'm
already here well you paid to get in now
yeah it's a waste if you don't know I
gotta be here alright hit that back yeah
hit that bag boom boom hit that back hit
that bag you're doing great
alright now going this thing squat oh
yeah we're doing dips doing dips it's
that red oh yeah we got that dips
oh so many dips
don't forget about leg day don't forget
about leg day friends don't let friends
skip leg day oh yeah squats those the
power much focus on red till it's all
the way up okay I can get it yeah get a
level up get a level up into something
before you're out of food and sleep yeah
hope that's the day
um does this give red no then guys thick
is green should give red that's good
this gives good red oh here and let's do
this this will find give red classic
yeah there we go
classic bench press boom and then we'll
do this thing it will hit up ahead a
tire with a hammer oh and we're hungry
alright let's go to the store rich rich
you back cedar look we all know this
about bid at this point yeah hey I have
to be me I am what I am
what's the title of this game it's
called punch club punch club it's called
references to things the game the game
oh hey I see you started to fight that's
good
my old fighting guide on the table
didn't maybe it'll help you thinking
that leg straight how old to train
properly don't try to reach a high level
in all three stats choose your way and
try to build your body around one
general ability strength increases the
damage of your hits agility increases
your accuracy and chance to avoid enemy
attacks stamina increases energy
regeneration during the fight also
increases your damage absorption observe
what so we choose this okay
so what do we what do we think we want
to do do we just want to pummel people
do we want to be agile dodge attacks
well you know what you let me read but
it says fragile hold on if you're agile
enough you can perform very difficult
kicks and dodge opponent's hits dodge
enemy attacks try to use counter-attack
skills and high base damage do not focus
on straight dependent moves and damage
absorption and stamina energy is your
power you can afford high energy
consumption moves and the blocking
damage you're not agile so don't try to
dodge attacks I think you know what like
we are we were already putting stuff
into strengths mm-hmm bludgeon people
with just bludgeon people to death would
you get that uppercut yeah and I think
that's a bludgeon move yep I thought I
would assume great
we're gonna we're going to nap Oh nope
we're gonna eat
now we're gonna nap yes chat we have
played Lakeview cabin before me yeah we
played that on the stream they want us
to go for a magic build you're funny
Oh ch at you now have no food you know
that means we got to work that means why
do you have a laptop about me I mean oh
that's a really good oh that was a
charging but it doesn't need to anymore
okay that's a really good question okay
here we go ah the boy does look like the
dumbest thing by the way which boy the
the movie the boy I never what is the
boy if he's not seeing it it's it's a
new horror movie in which a young girl
gets a babysitting job and then they say
you know here are all the rules you must
follow and then they reveal that this is
somewhere a person she's babysitting is
a doll yeah yeah it stars the lady from
The Walking Dead get more money here and
we get money faster here and then we get
pizza too
it looks really dumb though in its
defense because we wanted to pick a
stream we could blather with each other
and we're not really blathering oh I'm
saying the boy yeah in the boys defense
I like that kind of high premise schlock
you know I don't know that the killer's
a doll people saying hi to me in the
channel okay they're gonna kill us a
doll and I and she has to babysit him at
all right good let's go for it
good that's it that's been a thing since
the dummy episode of The Twilight Zone
sure it's a thing it's a thing but what
I'm saying is I I would rather have a
slaw key premise like a murdering doll
other than like it's a ghost and the
ghost kills you you know it's a murderer
and he murders you give me give me some
luck everybody likes luck okay where's
the pizza
my money that I just earned there is
going towards pizza grocery store there
are no bad guys do beat up today they're
giving you advice saying take the bus
when you have money walking takes time
leaving you less time to train and work
oh yeah I was I was thinking walking
would would help train when I first
suggested walking to work doesn't seem
to be the case okay have we seen the
revenant yet some of us have that's
weird that's a weird thing to say two of
us have
thank you guys so much because I just
bought this on Steam I got suckered into
a 67 percent off ducktales - thanks doc
tells us great the show and the game
mm-hmm I've said it often scrooge mcduck
is the best Disney character though
though I guess technically isn't like
spider-man a Disney character now that's
true
well but it's still technically a Marvel
so yes but Marvel was technically Disney
technically it doesn t care hey
spider-man you'd have a crossover with a
Little Mermaid and it would be nothing
yeah go ahead do it
come on red bar get up there
what's what's going on in the world
today jack you know there's a lot
happening in the life of it okay you
know what you don't want to do what turn
69 you don't want to be 69 years old
anymore ever
that is true busting make make I'm
hungry give me food thank you I fight a
motherfucker move we lost Bowie
we lost alan rickman Dan Haggerty yep
Grizzly Adam Grizzly Adams yeah oh wait
locked
oh oh well get rid of a kick
what are the stats x go up we'll see I
wanted to say 484 457 four so this this
is more accurate so we definitely want
the punch simple an energy efficient yep
this doesn't do any more division it's a
less Act agility get rid of the kick and
replace it with the epic on it yeah and
then the uppercut is about as accurate
as a kick but more powerful okay great
ready begin
I was thinking about Robin Hood Prince
of Thieves when when I'll be Alan
Rickman's stuff yeah I was kind of like
oh man that movie so bad but so good bad
this is a strange thing to me is like
the first thing anybody is saying about
him to passings star of Harry Potter
films that's well that's that's how the
majority of people know I get it
he was the huge star of all the Harry
Potter 50
he's his hands a grouper his mother
fucking Hans Gruber he's he is he is the
man that invented the Eastern European
villainy he said he's guy from Galaxy
Quest Wow he's ons Gruber what else is
in a Robin Hood Prince of Thieves of
course yeah he plays a wonderful role in
dogma the Kevin Smith movie as the as
the the voice of God as he should be
Alan Rickman should be the voice of God
what do you love him and dog well he's
just he's just everything good and
everything
you're one in the fight weight in the
fight feeling good when in the fight and
feeling good ran out of stamina though
slighest 69 is I guess he would be 69
yeah it's not young man
Sylvester yeah yeah you know what watch
for the sudden cancer death of Sylvester
Stallone in a few weeks right a week
maybe tomorrow anything's possible
we went
I mean Hans Gruber is probably the most
interesting character in diehard
more so than John McClane sure oh here
we go
this gives us an additional ability slot
that's important to me he's Hans Gruber
forget Galaxy Quest it's garbage yes I'm
just saying I put I put he's more
notable for Galaxy Quest then for Harry
Potter to me but yeah definitely
I heard overall
whose strength all for never been a
Doctor Who fan would alan rickman have
been a good doctor
he know what he would have been he would
have been a great like weird alien in
one episode to interact with the doctor
what's what's the doctor's arch-nemesis
the evil doctor the evil Time Lord evil
Time Lord even would have been good for
that no because like the evil Time Lord
had this wonderful insanity about him
Alan Rickman Alan Rickman needed to be
just like that in several Doctor Who
episodes there are these like you know
corporate businessmen of the future of a
distant alien planet that just want to
wipe out everything you know for a
corporation that's Alan Rickman
okay Alan Rickman is too cool
yes Tim Curry has one he has one foot
out the door
huh arguably he's already passed away
look he had a massive stroke right did
he yeah I think he had a stroke how much
of your brain has to die before you're
already effectively dead what percent of
you what percentage of you has to be
gone before you're not really you
anymore shit happens but it happens all
of these things are true
shit happens but it happens
I give you money thank you ooh now we
got money hey stop
okay now we got some money what do we
need we need groceries
we need gym we need more money some
groceries for home hey Pooh great
right
today's all bun today's all about money
today's a money day
and when Rickman will always be Marvin
to you
mm no no oh that Marvin the Paranoid
Android Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
oh well you know that movie you weren't
you weren't a fan of that movie No all
right Karen yeah huge Hitchhiker's Guide
to the galaxy fan huge sure devoured
those books always fond of them love
talking about smoke he won't see the
movie together she fell asleep a
tremendously huge hits like Hitchhiker's
Guide to the galaxy fan fell asleep
during the movie oh oh look who's in the
booth here Oh reference a reference to
paled fake John
we must sleep we must sleep and get
happy before we can and continue on well
what if the fight that makes you happy
oh oh - I'm gonna sleep I get you I get
you previously recorded live would you
ever play Metal Gear Solid 5 multiplayer
no no
rich can you at least tell us if it's
this game for the rest of the night we
don't have plans like I'm trying to talk
on some shit now yeah rich just started
gibbering am i behind in the champ just
just scroll down there without me asking
it to I would that three finger thing
didn't want to work it did things wrong
uh-huh
anonymous says thanks for entertaining
me in the midst of a marathon after
effects session you hacks there you go
it's always nice to have something on
you no after-effects wait you know like
when you're editing video there's a lot
of sound involved but when you're doing
After Effects works there you need to
fill that void with something and yeah
like this stuff like this podcasts are
really great for that
training hard today training hard today
okay so by the way the longer you do a
workout the less effective it becomes
over time so you guys vary up your
workout okay so like we get full bubbles
but if I keep running eventually I'll
get not full bubbles yet to feel babbles
I'm good with the green here doing go at
the green and switch it up
I can green out perfect play darkest
dungeon instead darkest dungeon didn't
we play that once yeah you didn't like
that yes hungry and protein boom
protein bar
super games today super games and we got
a fight coming up doing great feeling
great so we're just gonna see if we can
gain any more and here we'll go eat and
then we'll go fight cherry tonic says my
bf said he would totally buy you guys
copy of EDF 4.1 I'm assuming that's the
Earth Defense Force oh yeah for the ps4
if you guys would play it Earth Defense
Force four people bring it up a couple
times yeah
don't know much about it go complete now
your shape is better than ever you look
even better than me great okay oh shit
we need to sleep
blue m3 you're you're blue and green or
right on the cusp I know that cusp focus
on red and stop trying to balance your
stance all right well yeah no and I I am
red as you can tell us more but like
these are right there
no no what's more important as I go eat
yes get a little sleep I would say yes
five bucks I can take the bus home what
I have a fight today
hey kid have you knitted out have you
kitted out your garage with gym
equipment yet if you can save up enough
cash and buy the gear you won't need to
keep visiting the gym as much I guess
that would save me if everybody's
hanging mini yeah would ya oh but if you
have too much cash on you people will
try to steal it sleep a little bit right
before a fight cuz that's good for right
before a fight we did all we have to do
is make sure that we fight today
good all right and let's go fight her
Defense Forces starship troopers the
video game we already play already it
was called Helldivers are they the same
game here we go
no wait now I have three moves that's
uh-oh this guy's so fucking done rich
were you four in the president's
presidential election and why we don't
like to get the politics too heavily I
will say I am NOT for Trump I think
we've made them mad fuck Trump
we've made that abundantly clear there
are thugs but it's probably best not to
get into politics yeah
you're not here for politics you're here
to get away from all that until I decide
I really want to talk about power
there is no God and your beliefs are
wrong there I said it
I did it we're talking about now we're
talking about how wrong your religion is
yeah whatever it is I by the way my
power am I going with the power strategy
I pummeled that guy
I felt I felt yeah I felt really good
about like beating the crap out of
seedings any the because we purposefully
like we started building strange yep
we worked towards something look yeah
hello I'm right that's fighters awesome
really awesome made thanks Roy yeah know
what winning big is just one big and you
fight a fella and I want to thank ye
let's go to the bar and have a wee drink
my treat sure the I need little zip
fan-xiu a nut you could really hit use a
friend a fellow let's go to five right
no no that's Tyler Durden I'd like to
ask you a question sure desk question
what do you know about self destruction
me Tyler reference reference reference I
am Joe self-improvement my head my
father taught me movement like wood
making your muscles big make it some
money the big house
flashy car you know those things you own
end up owning you right just trying to
sound cool your ailing is I'm not cool
I'm the dude just wanna have a couple
more beers go home already uh really
have the quite slow fighter you know you
want some new scars and now you're gonna
die without them come back when you're
ready then you're gonna be a lesson in
there not even a spin on it they're just
taking the dialogue from Fight Club
verbatim yeah where's the clever twist
where's
the punny name that sounds like tyler
but isn't tyler right fight fight clubs
don't talk about Fight Club well second
rule of five clubs don't talk about
Fight Club

[Part III]
I don't understand what this means you
won't lose strength below 4 ah I don't
know what that means
like that one
I like the skill right you have to
unlock the corresponding technology the
main branch man I get it backhand mister
glitch says I believe monotheism is a
gift from the gods
that's clever it's clever I like that
Oh like what I need to buy this first so
I can buy this so I can buy this so I
can get to weigh the tiger Chernobyl no
we won't weigh the bare genomic
Chernobyl kinsman said it's more
reference now that's funny
okay so I do want muscle memory okay I
get it I get what's happening right uh
nonnamous says anonymous Oh little
darlin my little darlin oh where are you
my lover I was wrong her to try to love
you only you hooba hooba hooba hooba no
one well that my lover was just for you
only you lol fuck my cock I thought he
was trying to go for that at first I
know that's what he intended in the song
the thing okay we're gonna fight some
guy now
I don't
I mean it's another fight so that's all
that really matters hopefully we'll kick
this guy's ass
oh yeah we're kicking this guy that I
wasn't paying attention to the game of
mr. Schine smile says jack it means your
strength stat won't drop below four
points yeah I don't I don't necessarily
know what that means though your stats
drop every day a little bit you can lose
numbers oh yeah oh well there you go all
right come on skip Scott
fuck I'm losing too much energy I need
to pummel harder there we go I got him
this round though I got him this four
there we go pummel harder
rich did you used to believe in God and
and don't know now or did you believe or
did you never believe I'm asking as a
fellow atheist I never had an especially
strong belief I had to believe from the
sense that I was raised by people who
believe and take the church every now
and then and sure that's they tell me
there's a god okay there's a God dumb
little good but basically for the moment
I could think the the doubts like it
like immediately just started flooding
in and for the longest time I called
myself an agnostic cuz I didn't care as
I go this is all probably bullshit oh I
got other things to worry about again I
got a homework to do away good things
going out of school I got a rebound
you just got time this God nonsense sure
sure I'll help you for the last time
goddamn Mick I just want some fucking
food
that sign up for that fight yeah yeah
did okay I got 50 bucks
I'm pretty good and everything else will
just keep working keep working we need
some scratch we need some scratch so I
can buy some home gym equipment
agnostic is a fuck you to anyone who
wants to talk about God you cannot argue
with it agnostic that's their business
they don't they don't want to talk about
it they don't care they don't care if
you if you're mad because they don't
want to talk to you about religion then
you're just probably being a pushy
asshole about it yeah below just leaving
alone they got bills to pay
God ain't paying the bills
oh man I have I have nowhere near enough
money for all that stuff and then you
met Mike and he knew at that moment that
God did not exist now that moment was
when I thought about it for five seconds
wait a boat with all of the animals what
it's like all that and then everything
else died what did they make out the
bugs come too like there's a lot of bugs
universe is awfully big for God I'm just
putting humanity on this one tiny little
planet I mean I mean I mean the universe
is really really big which is Moses and
his family so everyone is descent of
Moses that's weird so first we were all
descended from two people then they were
all wiped out another world the center
from just one family that Moses Noah
Moses Munoz is wait he made everyone
speak a different language because they
built the tall building what a jerk you
know what that's weird we're gonna get
in trouble
look this way I feel about these things
this is my honest opinion and that's
fine you haven't Sharon Adams sharing
what I will say this if there is some
type of god figure I hope it is not the
Jew day the judeo-christian god yeah
because he is a jerk a jerk he turned a
woman into a fucking pillar of salt
because she turned around she was she'd
know cuz she you know what because she
didn't listen he is a vain jealous
asshole he just he likes people to pay
attention he likes people was not fit to
be ruling a universe he is a God that
should be rebelled against so hail Satan
is I think what I'm saying Satan is the
only celestial being with any sense of
ethics
so much trouble
rich please shut up
bake me donated by the way by the way
don't make $100 if you want me to stop
talking about how your God is bullshit
there's there's a super easy way to make
rich shut up if you're at home this
incredibly there's a magic button and
it's shaped like an X window right it's
up there
your ex is probably up there where's the
camera up there somewhere you press that
X you don't have to listen or watch
anymore it's great that's just the old
testament rich it still Canon it
happened it's not like the only the New
Testament erases it I love how you call
it Canon like that's canon what's
fiction that's what you call friendship
that's it's part of the thing that you
know there are many people that believe
that all that everything in the Bible is
literal literal and you kind of have to
if you believe that part you know you
can't just say like oh well parts of
this book are real parts are fake Carey
Lasher says hey boys just wanted
attention
worst day at work ever pretty sure
retail will one day kill me good
religion tatras what why did God change
his personality in the New Testament he
had like a mid deity crisis how does
that work yeah but before Jesus got us
all death hell fire brimstone plagues
don't cross me or I'll fuck your shit up
God was younger than and then an asshole
were there and then Jesus happens and
suddenly it's all lovey-dovey you know
you know what I think
I've tried to analyze this from like a
psychology perspective okay I think once
God incarnated himself into human form
as Jesus in theory
he realized oh god this is hard Oh me
this is hard
I expect way too much out of these meat
sacks I better ease up so this I guess
you could at least twist that to make
some kind of sense gods sudden personnel
a sheriff sure said I just paid ten
bucks I'm gonna spot you picking on
Christians is easy let's hear analysis
of Islam oh wait they kill you yes
that's true
Islam's a horrible violent religion
where where they want to don't kill
everyone that isn't them and everyone
rape everyone that's not them and rape
everyone that is them because they
really don't like women they know
underground and incidentally it's the
same God that we're talking about I've
earned some money
yay serious injury
oh yeah so by the way back to 9/11 it's
fishing of his love
we're just we're just here you know
we're politics religion we cover all the
bases that's that's what prereq is all
about who can we piss off next how is it
pissing people off what how is that
pissing people on why are my views
horrible no they're not horrible okay
they're of good no they're not horrible
it's if anything you know people some
people don't like to hear it and like I
said then then they can just shut it
right off then they don't have to hear
it at all that's great I never said all
all Muslims were awful monsters I've
never said that less than 1% are awful
monsters but the fact is nobody should
have to die for somebody else's shitty
religion that shit happens to zero
percent of the time and I'm gonna say
that's a fair statement no one no one
should have to die because someone else
is shitty that's just the thing don't be
shitty to each other
rich started it yeah so what deal with
it why am i fighting this asshole again
mr. Xiao Mao says overage Evans you're
going to be the death of me as a mod I
keep fighting the same asshole
I should be better than this guy right
now turkey burger too says rich canon
came from early church discussions over
what was official bible canon from a
classical Greek word that means rule to
follow to measure why know that I don't
I did not know thank you for sharing
they had a lot of Canon discussions and
there's a whole lot of I don't know much
about them there's a whole lot of books
that at some point were a part of the
Bible that aren't now like well well
this is somebody a group of people just
decidable this is true and and this
isn't yeah I remember that I remember
like there's a big there's a big end
there's a meetin
okay
learner cross punch some motivation
power punch dueling high-damage does not
require high a nice cross punch
motivation then I get way of the bear
great
in one week you are transported to 1200
AD in medieval England you can't bring
anything with you how do you prepare you
can't bring anything with you yeah how
do you prepare clothes do you get to
bring clothes so I would I would how
long do I get to prepare that's the big
question
yeah you talk to survival experts cuz
you're gonna have to live out in the
force if you live out in Bumblefuck
there's no way you're gonna be able to
integrate in the beds that society no no
I so I would talk to survival experts on
making fires for hunting for food I a
small fishing village here's what I
would do okay
I would I would study magic like like
magic trick style magic learn as much as
I can I I would also brush up on some
science I would perform some miracles
and pass myself off as the second coming
and live like a king except for Jesus
was hunted nothing that not the twelve
hundred nine to twelve hundreds no you
would say you would pass you would
that's it I would I would pass myself as
off as either some kind of magician a
wizard a wizard probably I probably
wouldn't go the religious rod I probably
definitely go for the wizard you magic
is like you you would know that like oh
if I rub this materials together it like
turns into pink smoke or whatever do
some basic chemistry right give me give
me some of that that fungus and I will
mix together this potion that will cure
your infection we have knowledge of the
future that gives us a tremendous amount
of power going back to the Year 1200 ad
I would so you could be king you could
use your knowledge to be fucking King so
I would king of a fucking hideous
foul-smelling dirt farm but you could be
king I think this is one way to go and
so once your once your the magical King
right so you're the magic King you can
perform magic trips everyone everyone
fears you here's what I would do so you
have turned these one balls into three
balls
so here's what I would do I would take
my army because we're transported to
England right yep I would take my
English army travel south to Africa and
get coffee that's the very first thing I
would do I would take my entire army
through Egypt to Africa and get coffee
and then coffee would really I would be
the first Englishman to discover coffee
and I would be Rich's fuck no actually I
would still go the no one talked to me
route yep I would still go like
survivalist maybe find a small village a
wife a small wife I will provide for my
wife in a small village and not be
bothered by anyone because I don't want
to be king everyone would kill you the
language alone would be an obstacle to
overcome yes you would have to pass
yourself off as a foreigner yes that's
why I'm going the most remote village
possible a nice fishing village
something by the water survival skills
what do I need they have money I need
money
that's not let's try this warehouse
fight the king would want you to make
gold and he would drown you what a pawn
when you can't produce no but I would
research science so I would be able to
deliver the the special blessed strong
metal which is stronger than their their
bronze and iron and they can fight
better yep and you would you would learn
how to like like poison people are you'd
have to kill I have this powder that can
make a device that will kill people in
long range but only I know the formula
yep coffees from North Africa a small
wife did I say a small way if I just I
think I just had a wife I would find a
wife a nice a nice wife in a small
fishing village and I would know
survival skills and you know what I like
the idea of just learning like basic
medicine I'm like how do you make
penicillin yes I'm gonna be some
penicillin and I think if I if I found a
small enough field
I think there's been a couple all right
we got a few here honey anonymous says
do you accept steam keys if so where is
the best place to send them prereq fan
here whose game was recently released
oh absolutely our email is prereq at red
letter media com I check that email all
the time send us your keys I know we
have a couple like waiting a couple of
games by fans waiting to be played and
but but yeah we love playing games made
by y'all don't be upset if we talk about
them and we don't like them because
sometimes that happens
sorry mankini says guys please play
another game today - I hate the Sims and
punch Club is like Sims go to the gym it
is Sims go to the gym that your
absolutely correct Lord Belmont says
rich you would change the future with
your actions you'd be in essentially a
different universe where no one you know
whatever be born all of history after
your actions is different yes but that's
once you go back in time that far that's
gonna happen no matter what not once you
bring with you the butterfly effect
mm-hmm
even during even if you die through
travel and Landa and your body lands in
a field somewhere that will change all
you could just say hi to somebody and
that's gonna start a chain reaction that
will keep millions and billions of
people from but we're burned not being
born other people will be born instead
not to mention the fact that your body
has bacteria and diseases in it that
they have never seen before you caught
on someone and they died of smallpox
yeah a millennia before it's a big deal
yeah yeah so basically once you go back
in time you may as well go whole hog
once you go back that far everything's
fuckin timeline has already been fucked
it's not like it's not like the movies
where you just piece that shit back
together
butterfly effect ain't and so forgiving
I don't think you will want to enjoy
hygiene before you're sent back to 1200
look I didn't choose to go back to 1200
right the the hypothetical scenario
presented to me was you have to go there
yeah how would you prepare you can't
bring anything with you you're just you
got to make the best out of the
situation at that point I would rather
not be a king and have plumbing or I
could I get a negative vent plumbing
invent indoor plumbing dig this ditch
we're gonna put a tube in here why just
trust me we're gonna love this tube we
need we need a water really high up and
that's gonna create something called
pressure everyone would think I was
disgusting though because I wanted
people to go to the bathroom inside
their homes it's so disgusting where
would the chambermaid take your pot too
then
there is no pop it goes under my house
don't look at a woman's breasts rich if
you do super Hitler will be bored
dude the Romans had plumbing in 280
we're talking about medieval England
we're do remember there was a very
specific time and place that was
mentioned we are being transported to
England in the 1200s only 40 bucks
Lord Belmont says that's exactly what I
was trying to say do anything in the
past it changes it yes and I completely
I'm just saying you may as well go with
it at that point let's let's just say by
the way that your body evaporates in the
time vortex and a strong breeze blows in
the past where it wasn't that changes
everything
yes because because time travel changes
everything
yeah I'll become a champion okay okay
many have theorized on the resilience of
history
if you kill Hitler in 1938 for example
someone else starts World War two
because of the wider pre-existent
conditions already in place they changes
though I'm gonna start smaller and
snowball because sure the political
situation was still in place and even if
Hitler was died World War two might
break out but we're talking about
jostling eggs not meeting the same sperm
and and different people are born and
then that snowballs down the road and
then like four hundred years later
there's an entirely different group of
people living on this earth and would
have been had time not been changed
working hard for the money well but so
hard forward honey bumper bumper yes yes
the Roman everyone everyone's everyone's
getting really pissed off because the
Romans had plumbing
I don't believe they did in medieval
England though we're talking about
medieval England specifically that was
perfect that was just perfect
bye-bye that was weird
Oh people are people are saying that it
was lead pipes and that probably
wouldn't be a good idea I think that's
what they're the gist of it is what led
oh I was thinking more along the lines
of sewage and basically having a toilet
not for drinking wine yeah but my
thought wasn't about drinking water but
sure I think that this is why by the way
I'm sticking with my original plan of
not dealing with any of that shit I'm
gonna learn survival skills some basic
medicine and find a fishing village in
England just I'm not even just a tiny
I'm gonna have a small little cabin a
small wife apparently can't can we
please hear the medieval England version
of prereq reviewing the game you can hit
this hoop with a stick and it's quite
boring really get old very fast aye
verily I must protest
take a few ball and put it in yonder cup
what whilst hitting the stick might seem
is simplistic its into the fun we derive
from it the reward no matter the
challenge verily work for sooth I do
indeed well verily enjoy the game one
runs down a street as fast as one can
they didn't have game this is what they
had oh I ran they could run what ve only
think I can fake that turtle now might
be good enough to fight that turtle now
one was chess invented somebody saying
chess today and prereq review we review
the game of chess just invented last
year sure
okay great here we go I'm gonna I'm
gonna try to fight the turtle again way
--then thigh fuck it that's Elizabethan
English you hacked frauds hey lever yep
we messed up big-time rich don't fucking
know these things you know what I know
jack shit
said I know nice small town small
village I'm a foreigner I'll make a hunt
some animals I'll bring some pelts as a
gift some pelts you know I know how to I
know how to gut an animal I'm giving my
pelts I see if they have any work for me
stop by the expensive pizza what a waste
no it's one more dollar but it gives you
five more food points that's the pizza
to buy that's the good pizza to buy oh
fuck yeah I'm kicking your ass
turtle Kung Fu crocodile
or
I need some blocking Moo's Oh kicked
your ass
Kung Fu bill nice skip Scott that was a
good fight dude come back later my
brother mark wants to would like to
fight with you to stretch his legs no
bill
mark see look at these pizza prices I
can order in it so it's two more dollars
oh oh oh you know what it gives us
happiness points it gives us happiness
points and I guess our happiness is all
the way oh yeah you know what I should
buy the cheap pizza because I need
hearts if you can go back in time and
rip off someone's invention and claim it
as your own what would it be
hmm rip off someone's invention and
claim it as your own well you need to
stay in the assuming to enjoy the the
windfall you need to stay in that period
of time yes people you know invent the
cotton gin yourself then you're kind of
stuck in the 1800's Industrial
Revolution area so ideally it's gonna be
something more modern so so you want to
invent the circuit board you want to be
you want to be you want to be something
like that yeah well the software get to
count as an invention I think here's
what I my rule for this is it needs to
be pre modern day because it's too easy
cuz then because then we can just say Oh
like I would have invented flappy bird
you know like and made a million dollars
and so like it needs to be pre 1900s
that's my rule for this just to make it
a more interesting conversation for us I
would have invented you know the iPod
and then and you know made a gazillion
bazillion dollars I would have chat
saying some was saying steam press
someone else is saying printing press
renting press would have been nice
I'm you know I'm gonna I'm an old-school
kind of guy and and just fer for me it
would have been roasting coffee
imagine this rich yeah you are a peddler
of wares mm-hm and you and you you come
to a fresh shop and you have these
mysterious dark beans and you crush them
you're in some water through them and
you have a potion and you say you if you
drink this potion you will be filled
with vim and vigor you will perform
better at your job you'll jump higher
and then they go oh that's that's
hog-wild and then they have a little bit
and it's all true but everything they do
is better all the time and it becomes
one of the most widely drank substance
in the modern era coffee and tea we live
in an age though where you need that
energy it's a hectic society Oh was it
as hectic the coffee
way back when coffee as always Coffee is
forever what do you look when you're
when you're living at a time when you're
when you're bored and it's it's too hot
to do anything you just have to sit your
porch all day do you really need more
energy of course coffee is always the
answer gonna fight today
my skill points coffee can rural rural
nations oh I did it
I got unlocked the way of the bear I did
it rich hmm powerful uppercut Ganymede's
9 says I'd still songs and pretend I had
wrote them oh my neck my back would be a
hit in the olden days that's not a bad
don't we thought doesn't music music
evolves like it's not like you if you
brought Skrillex back to the 1800s what
would happen it would not be good well I
get you would also assume that like you
you know how to play the music back then
or record it or whatever no you know
what if we're doing that then fuck it
I'm inventing Mickey Mouse I'm inventing
animation I'm gonna be Walt fucking
Disney up in here what happened you're
known before the night and well come on
you can't be well doesn't he I'm sorry
oh I'm sorry you can't that's fine
that's probably for the best you could
invent animation though much earlier but
what if take-off at the time I guess
someone you all you need his movies you
just need movie theaters but even he
invent the motion picture I'd invent the
motion well no you know what I don't
think motion pictures were very popular
when they first not not the automotive
car no not the automotive car because
you know what the automotive car didn't
even take off right away the thing that
the thing that made the automotive car
take off was was the cheap automotive
car I'm sticking with Mike I'm sticking
with coffee I would I would be the first
to go to Africa take those delicious
berries rip the seeds out of them roast
them crush him sell the juice Beck Beck
amusing though what's what's
yeah this I can't remember where that
style of music is called that's it looks
kind of what is it that dubstep dubstep
thank you
the dubs like what's what's the earliest
she can go back with dub SEC and have it
still take off like that wouldn't fly in
the 60s it probably wouldn't fly in the
70s in the 80s oh no to find the
eighties in order to work culturally I
think you just need you need that
unbroken chain oh but I think like that
what they're saying is like you know you
go you go back in time and and just beat
the artists out to whatever song you
know mm-hmm you go back and she'd be a
real dick about it you just like a year
before he came back like one year before
you know cotton-eye joe by rednecks came
out because what he was working on that
though at the time you and you have no
connection
dubstep doesn't work in 2016 or any year
to ever exist I agree I agree but that's
why I use that as an example sure people
at the bar
it's popular enough to be a thing and it
couldn't have been a thing at any other
time in history
dubstep yeah how would how would
Beethoven's audience react to Nirvana
oh my god well it's very differently
because they wouldn't have any
amplifiers very well you could bring the
amps we can we can make mono or could be
unplugged see unplug Nirvana Oh
maybe well unplug Nirvana was pretty
good I got some fights tomorrow rich I
got some fights tomorrow I need to make
some money go to the gym you you do what
you need to do in this game that you are
playing
we got a bulk your strength still in
late form huh you lose it every day a
lot there's enough apparently
apparently and lose enough fuck yeah see
and I'm losing already
take the bus take the bus to the grocery
store I pull we need some steaks pizza
steak get out of here
city map go to the gym take the bus
alright we got a we got pump we got a
pump
I you know a dubstep like I don't listen
to dubstep very often but I find I find
dubstep to be very visually appealing
you know you listen to dubstep in your
like it's it's like an acid trip for
your mind is filled with images when you
listen to dubstep oh I have I have two
fights today keep working you probably
only about the silver one I'm assuming
you lose a whole bunch of health and
food or whatnot if for the one fight I
don't know you know rich I don't know
we're gonna build up blue bar two three
before we get going no specialized
specialized special and specialized but
you know like the all the stats are
important and actually drink it protein
bar
protein bar it just want that stat up to
three cuz if I can't take up the numbers
it doesn't matter you know like my five
is a five no matter how much I've raised
my red now if I can just raise that blue
a little bit there we go get up there
boom all right what do we need what do
we need what do we need I know I got
fights today I know we're gonna go home
we're gonna eat a steak
boom steak
when I take a nap boom nap
and good good enough all right we're
gonna do the rookie league fight first
ultimate fights take more audio oh shit
I can be you you can but be wiped out
for the important fight wiped out now
this is good and it'll be fine the other
fight takes more heart out of me the
ultimate fight takes more heart out of
me you got nothing
oh you got nothing super combo breaker I
like I like Alyssa dubstep is one of
those things that I listen to a lot when
I'm doing a lot of After Effects work
just because it's it's kind of mindless
but it's interesting enough in the
techno techno music in general just
noises you know mm-hmm I guess that's
all music well most music is pleasant
noises oh shit
remember what rich taught us about
pokemons Jack and and just mega punch
you can't choose what you're doing and
choose the mega punch he's choosing for
us and he did I do have a mega punch
you're gonna lose his fighter yeah I
hope oh no oh you've lost to a weaker
fighter
wow that's well he had more thing that's
really embarrassing and more thing
that's really embarrassing and I know I
know I have one more fight today we're
gonna go get some food
to raise up my heart Casey
he said we need more heart music is
sound for fucking most old music is
pretending it's not you just try and
fuck the cotton eyed Joe just try it say
that goes for you so much see how much
your girl gets into that wrap it up
Brennan Venera been ever different of
every the hamster song the hamster dance
need me that no hamster yeah
all my fighter is not killing it
American astronomers say they have
strong evidence that there is a ninth
planet in our solar system orbiting far
beyond even the dwarf world Pluto some
science chat for today I saw that is
these are actually the same astronomers
that helped classify Pluto as a dwarf
planet not a planet
these are the people that are that are
looking at me they think they think it's
out there and actually this thing is
part of the reason they wanted to
reclassify Pluto because they kept
seeing bigger and bigger things out
there that weren't planets you know so
it's it's exciting need some better
cameras out there I haven't I haven't
heard much about that yet but I'm gonna
lose two fights unless my fighter can be
poisonous there I used to be a highly
elliptical orbit orbiting the Sun once
every 15,000 years or so and they're the
same basically is the the Nemesis Theory
look I've lost yeah yeah you lost no but
I lost everything I lost the whole my
heart oh you don't you lose the game
even injured
brain concussion oh good work good work
brain concussion
hooray ah shit so nemesis and then the
other one was new Nibiru hypothetical
plants okay ix planets in the solar
system
eighth or whatever whatever number we
say we have now uh-huh and no Jack Jack
is busy playing this dogfighting
simulator fighting simulator where he
eats pizza and takes naps and goes to
work the best kind of game where you eat
I I wanted to talk about this planet
that supposedly killed the dinosaurs but
Jack's gotta he's gonna he's got a jog
well you don't even really jog I'm just
kind of run it run in place well that's
what John did Jim so jogging is but I
have to even pretend to run in place
like I'm so fucked yes it's the Planet X
slash nemesis idea but it's coming from
an actual scientist and not a crackpot
no well III didn't why didn't like buy a
whole hog into it and say yeah it's
definitely a thing the whole Nemesis
Theory never sounded that implausible to
me nemesis you know you know the most
stars in this galaxy have a second star
they're binary systems okay nemesis is
the theoretical binary Sun to the earth
Oh only it's very dim because in theory
it's a brown dwarf okay which they're
not lit up and the reason they have this
theory is because somebody like time the
extinction events on this planet they
come once and like every fifty thousand
years or so there's an extinction cycle
and the theory is there's a originally
nemesis it was the brown dwarf now some
people say it's the planet that has an
extremely elliptical orbit in every
fifty thousand years it gets close
enough to the Oort cloud to disrupt some
comets and rocks and it sends them
towards the earth and that's when you
get these like asteroid impacts that
killed the dinosaurs and whatnot okay
that's the theory yeah and yeah
crackpots exec were the ones who
advocated it but it never sounded
extremely far-fetched to be sure
Ritchie does if you discovered a new
planet or dinosaur what would you name
them you know I think there was a it's
it's kind of a myth that you get to name
the planet you discover which which
plant was it I want to say Uranus was it
Uranus it was it might've been Uranus
know I might have I was either you're a
nurse or Neptune okay that like the guy
who named it like originally was like
sucking up to the king at the time he
named the planet after the king
eventually it got changed to fit in with
the other ones it got named after a
classical God so you don't necessarily
get the name these things you discover
mm-hmm like if I if I discovered a
dinosaur and I wanted to name it anal
sex asaurus somebody would probably step
in and say no you can't do that sure
anal sex asaurus rex anal sex asaurus
rex i love my money
I had too much money in my pocket and
those dickheads gonna try to take it
from me and he's gonna I thought I'd be
smart and just like take a couple days
because I have a brain injury sounds
like I'll take a couple days off on
fighting just work in my normal job
raise some money and buy some home gym
equipment and yet you're totally right
I'm totally wrong and the number on that
fifty thousand years yeah way higher
than that because these things are
millions of years apart brain fart
brain fart one time is what I'm at long
time really obscenely long time what are
you doing over there
hey what are you doing over there we
were taking a bus from work to home what
are you what are you doing over here
what did you miss our miller you missed
anal soros Rexie nassau writes anal sex
asaurus rex
you had to sum about your brain injury
check yeah I have to wait it out I have
to wait out my brain injury so I thought
I'd work and get money but apparently if
you get over $200 you get robbed and I'm
not strong enough to not get robbed fuck
it's a fuck man and now I'm not happy so
I got to go watch some TV to make me
happy
TV makes me happy I've lost two fights
in a row and to work a dumb job to get
more money
it's like River City ransom except that
game rocked and you could like move
around on your own and River City ransom
we're just clicking on things and
waiting for the game to do fights for
you there's some neat things in here
it's not super exciting it's a mobile
phone game that should never this should
never be played on a desktop PC this
should be played at the bus stop I'm
gonna just do this we never got the
river city ransom sequels in America
that way River City ransom seekers it's
fucking awesome unless they sucked
okay
can you get a girlfriend in this game I
think there were only dudes in this game
so far there's a lot of dudes
I'm stalled a little bit and at my five
power
I'm not super psyched about that I can't
go under four cuz I have that though
there are going in this game there's two
there's proximately two women in this
game and we could see their butts yeah
that's that's a fine thing
that's a fine fine thing hey buds ho
butts
there we go
I keep it saying you don't know those
are women oh you know what women men
somewhere in between they got cute butts
how about that how about that keep going
dude to do the jacket block he's gonna
lose every fight without it I have not
gotten block yet I might have wasted
some money
I might have wasted some money going for
the bear upgrade that's just something
I'm gonna have to live with finish my
workout go home any favorite boxing
movie Rocky trying to think of different
boxing movies now rocky 2 was one with
James Wood with a one guy had to like
knock out ten guys in one night right
was it rocky 3
no how about rocky 4 I don't really have
a favorite boxing movie Rocky 4
Mitch do you care about the Suicide
Squad the trailer looks good with the
Joker is the weakest part of it I
actually did a live reaction the start
of the stream to the newest trailer and
yeah Queen is a good band Queen is a
great band that's a great song the Jared
Leto Leto Joker I'm really worried about
mostly because I
he's Joker someone else he's following a
very hard act he's but yes he's
following a very hard act that's a very
that's a very nice way to really he's
following to hard acts yeah well because
you've got the definitive Joker Mark
Hamill
then you have an excellent very good
interpretation of the Joker in Heath
Ledger and he's following both of them
and don't don't envy the man I do not
envy him no you know I am glad that
they're doing a new thing with it you
know like they they're trying something
different
does she's a romero not get enough
credit his Joker was spot-on to the
Joker in the comics at the time yes so
does he not get enough credit I just
think that a lot of people saw it
especially not nowadays 60s Batman you
think a lot of people didn't see that
and nowadays okay
okay is what I'm going with I think the
worst a lot is Jack Nicholson he's just
Jack Nicholson with face makeup and a
little bit crazier than normal a little
bit funny crazier than normal Jack
Nicholson crazy cuz he's always crazy in
movies out of the main Joker's so main
Joker's are Cesar Romero
yep Mark Hamill yep no Mikey Fletcher
and and Jack Nicholson
those are the four we got main ones as
of right now Nicholson is the least of
them in my mind by far and easily the
least about all right absolutely
Chad feel free to disagree there's
nothing to disagree with that they will
there's nothing to disagree with that by
far is the weakest someone sank Jack
Nicholson is the Joker no you are you
are incorrect sir or madam sir or madam
you are incorrect
60s jokey something that means Joker was
fucking weird because of his face paint
covering his mustache did you notice
that on shitty 60s TVs though because
they didn't have 30 inch TVs back then
you had like a little screen like this
and half of them were black and white
right
look I'm not saying Jack Nicholson did a
terrible job
I can't launch that movie and see Batman
and the Joker I watched that movie and I
see Batman and Jack Nicholson playing
the Joker that's the problem like I
don't watch that movie and I don't say
oh that's Michael Keaton this Batman
oh yeah cuz my boo Keaton was great in
that role he WA and I I prefer I still
prefer beyond of course the animated
series I still prefer Michael Keaton's
Bruce Wayne over or just about any Bruce
well sure and then when when the Joker's
on screen I see
oh there's Jack Nicholson playing the
Joker yes yes and absolutely
we go absolutely Michael Keaton is one
of my favorite first Wayans and Batman's
mostly because he actually like did some
detective stuff and I liked his I liked
his Bruce Wayne like that opening party
scene of him as Bruce Wayne I thought
it's perfect he's eccentric he's he's
kind of an absent-minded billionaire you
know he knows Alfred is there looking
looking after him great he plays the
character very well
in reference to what would be the
number-one answer on the board the
family fuse family feud name and actor
will play the Joker
Tiberius Kirk says I guarantee you Mark
Hamill won't make the top four answers
on the board that's probably true that's
to his credit
well people people here that Mark Hamill
did the voice they're like that was Mark
Hamill that is not that is not to his
credit he's the animated one he's sure
he's the only one where you don't see
his face that that has nothing to do
with his playing of the Joker it's
because he's animated but how many
people are shocked when they find out
that Smurfs Hamill I've told people who
aren't I don't really shoot aren't
really nerves they don't pay that much
attention that was Mark Hamill look what
hmm yeah but it's a me so it's different
oh my god now we're getting into
steroids potion vendor yeah so what's
wrong with Jack Nicholson playing the
Joker it's distracting you're not seeing
the character you're seeing the actor
playing the character and like I I
wouldn't even go that far you know I
think there are a lot of actors you know
everyone complains that Tom Hanks is
just Tom Hanks in every movies but I
think he's more just the everyman yeah
yeah you know like everyone says you
know all I see is timing so it's like no
no he's just playing in every man and
that's what Tom Hanks is and so Jack
Nicholson you see I think it's less Jack
Nicholson being Jack Nicholson and more
Tim Burton not having a strong direction
for him to play
Tim Tim Burton had a world style a very
strong view of the world style right hmm
his Batman doesn't have much special
about him his Joker doesn't have much
special about him you know like once we
get into Batman Returns and Tim Burton
can do whatever he wants to the bad guys
then you start seeing weird Tim Burton
bad guys I don't think he had a strong
vision of the Joker okay whereas if you
look at Heath Ledger Joker that is all
Nolan like that is all him having a
singular vision of how he's going to pro
portray this villain right and it's
beautiful Hamill Hamill Joker is the
same way like Hamill finding to voice
the personality the animators bringing
that to life a strong direction
Burton kind of weak yeah
what's going on I'm just fucked are you
done yeah okay that's fine time to call
it anyway
it's probably time to call it anyway I
just don't want to play this game
anymore all right can't fight these guys
then I look like I can beat these guys I
get it I get it this whole punch Club
stare and you know here's and and just
to wrap up just to wrap up Jared Leto
isn't this joke right Jared Leto is the
kind of person who believes in himself
as an actor probably to his detriment
because I think he's a little
egotistical about it but I think he's
gonna give that role 110 percent hmm and
they're trying something new with his
Joker and that should be applauded I
don't know if it's gonna work I would I
would want to see it before passing
judgement yes so I really don't have
anything to say about his version yet
the teeth look weird but that's not
necessarily his fault no that's not his
well but but I think that's all part of
a cohesive carry you know yeah in the
vein of strong direction right that is
that is what is going to make him stand
out as a Joker and we'll see it does get
me a little intrigued to see the movie
how is he gonna play this Joker I know
the Joker a lot how is he gonna handle
it oh I'm a little worried bad news and
shoes I could be wrong but I think the
mark Hamill's story about him being in
traffic and the Joker voice I think that
was more less him finding the voice and
more him practicing in the car and other
drivers thinking he was a madman I could
be wrong about that dog yeah
oh by the way full measures I agree that
Batman Returns is nonsensical garbage I
think even Batman the Batman is a little
nonsensical it's Tim Burton kind of
Batman Returns is especially Tim Burton
wanking off too much new key but it has
oh sorry you got just to wrap up I
thought you were done but my my point
battery returns is it has a strong
director
he got I think Tim Burton got exactly
the movie he wanted out of Batman
Returns I don't think it's that good but
I think it's when he won that good okay
too much new key yeah
the they say he mentions how they didn't
originally Hamill wasn't gonna be the
Joker in Batman the Animated Series oh
yeah
the original voice was going to be Tim
Curry really yes you know why they
didn't go with it
because he was too expensive but he was
too scary supposedly they've they
actually they actually recorded like a
few episodes like I know when Hamill got
cast he had to like play catch up he did
like a multiplied a lot of work but it's
just way too sinister for what they
wanted I could absolutely I would love
to hear this audio oh I think everyone
would that would be so Tim it was too it
was too evil
yes yes it's way to really wait at the
grave most most of the thing think that
the mouse goes
boy you know how it should be the one
that's furthest off for the right you
can just kind of click on it there oh
yeah casual horse no we amend mr. Bibbs
xenos tiny turnip
Wilkin is the Clown 12 months in a row I
think that's a Wilkins the clown Wilkins
look I'm reading it from across the damn
room jack fuck you Wilkins the clown
twelve months in a row mall rat Co
sixteen months in a row quince omni Ark
upping mall radical with 17 months in a
row a battle that ball radical sadly can
never win unless quince on nyanko sides
to your at quince Omni X mercy basically
sepharon twelve months in a row
Jimmy of the jams twelve months in a row
it's alright guy Craig man five to six
twelve months in a row monkey me monk
kini Micah kini I think that's like a
bikini that I'm uncle it was something
like that monkey knee professor physics
fourteen months in a row Carol Asher
tear both eyes out just just tear
Mountain throw them on the floor fuck'em
crobat 55 gametes dane comically small
skeleton and the rising sun 14 months in
a row thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we really do well one thing
that I'm reminded of before we leave
is someone over on the reddit's was
asking for the solo audio of rich saying
oh my god your your tip audio yeah and
I'm working I'm working through some
moderators right now because they don't
believe me that I have permission to
upload it I'm working on getting it to a
site for everyone to download and use at
their discretion because I think that's
important to have out in the world but
the but the moderator is like it was
this is this from a movie well how do
you have the actors permission to upload
this to the site and I was like yes it's
a friend of mine we do with this thing
and so they're looking into making sure
that it is within the Creative Commons
legal use to upload Rich's Oh
oh my god what site is this free sounds
org it's it's a free audio Creative
Commons site where you can download and
use any sound I used the I get sound
effects from there all the time and so I
wanted to make sure it was there for
everyone I don't know if I can stand
that's that's my that's my thing that's
my schtick you know just throw it all
out there for nothing for nothing for
our fans to use just our fans want any
schmuck anyone know for rich I want
everyone to enjoy the the the pure ear
piercing pleasure there's something more
I want to say about
