Sep 14, 2016
ReCore
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/93938409
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/93943026
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cmjVgzfbIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khVqDL_66oA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/776131421308129280
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/776234380540776448

[Part I]
hello sorry about the lateness it was my
fault entirely
yeah and then things stopped working
here in the studio and that just didn't
you know that just didn't help and then
rich and I started talking about stuff
we wanted to do and and there goes the
whole night but welcome I did get a
request from someone to to tweet out
when we start streaming like we used to
do and so I'm going to do that right now
rich and Jack are recore we three Cole
where does the most obnoxious
commercials Ricola yes now not new now
the twat sure should be on that whatever
and it's fine it's fine
the torture I double-checked it is on I
see the green bar we are connected
tweeting out now and tweeted great hey
everybody welcome we're gonna play
recore recore this is that heavily kind
of non exciting looking game I was a
little excited about this you know it's
you with all the will start a new game
here I did I did you know turn it on
earlier just to make sure that the game
works this is a big III game and why
Beefcake are you saying it's not on
connected to twitch chat
I see the Twitter right this right this
moment gobbledygook says re kill screen
interview and Rich's no flag video game
boat sometimes I also want to zero
socializing I just finished an other
galaxy in no man's sky without even
interacting with any NPCs good 12 hours
of Zen hmm well if you enjoy no man's
sky good on you Goblin
oh I'm glad if you enjoyed the kill
screen interview yeah always fun to talk
to people we went off in some weird
directions on that one like I know I've
written aliy he contacted us just to
talk about like video game movies I've
seen like one of them though yeah
exactly and we warned him about that we
just said we we might not have a lot to
talk about
so this game everyone probably
recognizes already it's it's the the
girl with the robots I do not see a
subscriber on the torture double check
that's connected look it says connected
the green the green do we have do you
have the right version for Windows 10 I
have watcher version two point one point
one Beefcake and it says connected and I
have green we've been connected for zero
hours and three minutes
when is my RIPD review coming out oh
it's right on the way Oh
so in any case the other thing of note
about this game rich and I don't know if
you don't know this this is made by
Keiji Inafune oh okay this is one of his
games and here's something I would like
to point us so we're all the mighty
number 9 money wind hasn't we're all the
mighty number 9 money went and here's
what I what I want to point out is one
of the very first things I did in this
game is this the game was telling you to
go to that green bar right yeah and I'm
looking around going hey you know what I
bet I could jump on that rock because
what would happen in a normal like
triple-a title you wouldn't be able to
it would be a visible wall right right
and you know what you can go all the way
over there you can just go off path
that's great can you get on top of that
big thing there I don't know I didn't
try I just started walking this way to
see if I could yep and you can and that
surprised me so much that I decided not
to delve too far the big thing didn't
come up the screen didn't turn read the
text saying Turner all and go back to
the mission zone exactly exactly exactly
and then you're forced to turn around
automatically leaving the mission zone
parameters no like if I wanted to I
could probably walk over there too and
just you can just see how far you can go
and I like that it's not necessary I
don't need to be over here but I can be
over here you know so what are you
playing this game with what am i playing
this game I was I don't know no one can
really see though right she do we want
to talk about talk about it I'll talk
about it he I have this and this is this
is something that I bought maybe three
four years ago and it came with a
comically oversized mouse that was
horrible to use okay and I think this
came out yeah this came out for the Xbox
360 this is the
split fish frag FX the shark 360 for the
Xbox 360 and what it was was a way to
get a mouse on your xbox can I get up
here
oh okay so the rock is the wall it was a
way to get a mouse on your xbox 360 how
many people thinks that looks neat and
how many people thinks they think that
is the dumbest thing they've ever seen
it's a nunchuck that works as a joystick
and so it's just mapped to WASD because
3043 four years ago so it's just map to
em and you know it has like little
buttons here it has a d-pad up here so
you know like jump is the trigger right
and as I've been transitioning to mouse
and keyboard as everyone here knows I
have been I still find WASD and even a
keypad to be cumbersome and if you think
about it rich
WASD is incredibly inefficient okay yeah
you're you're you're using or you know
you're placing three fingers for four
movements and you can only use one
movement at a time here I'm only using a
thumb for movement a joystick is far
more efficient than using three fingers
on WASD this w a is to be using to like
move your character left or you're not
aiming with that right right so I think
the thumb and analog stick works just
fine oh yeah just for movement because
you can only choose one direction so so
I dug this out of mothballs luckily I
never threw this away and it works great
I've been using it for overwatch which
is a fast-paced first-person shooter and
it works fantastically WASD is faster
than a stick yeah but you have like you
still have fingers that are going to
waste yeah oh yeah yeah yeah
and you can only move one direction at a
time it's not like you know it's not
like you can press all three
buttons are all four directions buttons
at a time right a character can only
move one way so because III saw that I
thought all that looks deep and it
doesn't feel right they that I looked
into it recently they have they have
this it's called the it's called the the
frag Chuck split fish has one and
they're still selling it for a lot I
don't remember it costing that much
where they just sell the nunchuck now
nobody ever said that you've had to use
W and s at the same time Jack said three
fingers which is what do you use for
WASD I'm the weird one
underwater just for yes I I can't get my
head off of that is how I just
self-taught yeah but he uses keyboard
mouse that's just what I do
most people use three fingers right yeah
yeah your your ring finger for W your
middle finger for a and s backwards and
forwards and your index finger for a D
yeah move straight to the right and so
three fingers and you can only use one
maybe two of those at a time right
because you can only go in one direction
hello dog so oh oh I use my gun
apparently in any case I don't I don't
mean to harp on this because it's not
the biggest deal I just I found this and
I've been really I've just been liking
it and rich saw it and thought it struck
stop trying to fix it just use the
keyboard to move for fuck's sake
no I want it better I want it better
than the keyboard Oh bother just wants
to give up on progress that's this is
how this is how progress is made we have
to we have to see what works and see
what doesn't work and I think like I
said I'm committed to the idea that WASD
is an inefficient use of our fingers I I
have always said that the the mouse is
the key component of the mouse and
keyboard recipe absolutely like III I
never try him when I first saw them the
the Nostromo's they had one in a storm
yeah and it just I don't know it just
seems so awkward because you're not
holding anything your fence if your
hands just kind of laying on it you're
using the analog stick I always thought
that was weird
and in doing research because I know we
talked about this last stream the
Nostromo's joystick isn't meant for
movement really yeah it's not built for
movement that one and the Logitech g13
whatever one day describe to us
easy joystick is more there for macros
like you're supposed to your LED board
for movement huh and I have special
grooves in the in the little keyboard
for movement and again I feel like
you're wasting fingers where if this say
if this look I had maybe a flapper here
maybe some more buttons it'd be a lot
more comfortable and a lot
this is regression Jack you said in us
says total misanthropy hey just just
because a mouse works better doesn't
mean a keyboard does I'm talking about
efficiency and I'm talking about comfort
efficiency and comfort you got yeah I
know you PC master-race are set in your
ways but not everything not everything
needs to stay that way
lead the way mecha like so right now I'm
using my mouse to look around like
normal yeah
and I'm using the joystick and it's
working great
I mean there's some things like Thai
fighter or Li dangerous that would not
work for because there's too many
buttons you need Oh God right there's
anything over here no and I'm not I'm
not saying by the way this is the
perfect the perfect thing for every game
but I think for most like first-person
shooters that it would work just fine
for this game a third-person action game
I think it works I think it works just
fine still not seeing how it's wasting
fingers to efficiently use three fingers
for four keys WASD actually I only use
two fingers for WASD I'm he a badass you
use such a bet because you've been using
one finger because four keys I I'm using
one finger for four keys do you see
that's even more efficient and you're
using two or three fingers - because
he's Lee sure is really so this is more
efficient that you see that like this is
this is an this is a normal thing here's
my one finger and so theoretically in in
a perfect peripheral right in a perfect
peripheral each of these fingers would
have its own little button to maximize
efficiency or you know like what are
your pinky grips and then there's three
buttons I don't know in and it you know
it's just one of those things where I
found I pulled this out of mothballs and
it's working for me and really isn't
that the most important point is
whatever works
this has auto aim and that really
bothers me oMG PC master-race + console
hybrid god whoo right
said dr. gunther hunter Hager good to
hangar I like that name a lot if you
zoom in with with right-click at auto
aims for you your stream has become my
weekly dose of whiny PC gamers
complaining about Jack having fun wrong
just not in play how he wants to yeah
thank you
okay uh where we at fat bubbler says
wait has rich lost weight in small
amounts here and there I don't know I
don't know I'm I'm weighing myself just
lose weight great half math half cat
says what are your opinions on one of
the best action RPGs created of all time
Knights of the Old Republic one I've
never played it I don't care about the
Star Wars enough to try we go through
then a lot I know this Jedi said the
worst thing about Star Wars they really
are you know and I want to play a game
that takes place in the olden times when
everything's a fucking Jedi or at worst
this or force that when everyone was a
joyless monk here's an entire fucking
army of joyless months
Craigie nation says hi guys hello
sweater to hop on stream and thank you
guys for being on kill screen cinema it
was fun talking to you guys I'm looking
forward to the RIPD commentary oh you
know what I totally forgot about that
joke odd cast when I wait too long
reload I suppose at work I loved it I
loved it all like I know I could aim if
I wanted to low ammo but again in
talking about oh here we go so now
here's that here's a situation in which
I need to hold shift and I can't because
well all I really need I didn't I didn't
rebind anything cuz I didn't know what
was gonna be important yeah yeah so hold
on controls a keyboard so - is shift
let's refine that nobody would care
about Star Wars if it weren't for the
Jedi yes I know because the people like
the lightsabers I not saying you
shouldn't like them you going like what
you like I'm just saying it's not my cup
of tea
right oh it changed target sure let's
say let's change of that the reason the
reason I like the Jedi Knight games is
because Kyle Katarn
is not a Jedi he is a wide saver any
kicks ass he likes adventure and
excitement Jack I like adventure and
excitement - rich the Jedi Knight games
even though they're called Jedi Knight
it's like giving Han Solo a lightsaber
yeah that's fun yeah that's fun okay
target is this - is that okay I feel the
force and use the ways and oh don't fall
in love because love is easily evil
because George Lucas had a nasty divorce
yeah that's exciting really love that oh
by the way this is made by the guy who
made the not a Mega Man game we know
where the money won no Lord Oh God
she has a boot - rich Oh God look at
that Wow all right gobbledygook says
Jack do you know of any FPS cyber sport
athletes who endorse your efficiency
arguments I agree though for a 3d
platformer you should use a controller
instead yeah I could see a controller
working pretty good for this I don't I
just didn't know how much shooting was
gonna be involved and so like that's why
I had the mouse we're not talking about
something for the uber elite players to
be super efficient average talking about
something that's comfortable to use when
you're casually playing a game well and
you know like like for example I know
for something like counter-strike yeah
which is a big eSports game you have a
lot of weapon switching you have a you
have a lot more buttons yeah and so like
something like there's more buttons
that's my issue with it that needs more
buttons you need to find a way to do
that more ergonomic right but I do
believe with the right peripheral
something like this you could you could
find yes even the elite being a little
more comfortable with that you need some
flappy's or something I don't know all
right all right I think there's
something there's something to this
and see here I need to I need to hit a
now I need to 93 bite because now we
need to extract something hold on
which is fine that's that's what these
you know when you have needs more
buttons it needs more buttons I like it
though controls keyboard so the extract
fire extractor is going to be bound to
this cue that'll be X okay great
all right sir Chen says hi
new shirt rich also it's too bad you
prefer to play alone in video games
I love co-op PS coughed jack you owe me
coffee oh that's true I know ye o right
now now I got it I'm sorry jack
I'm sorry is this F no hold on nineteen
an F
running out of buttons I know you are
that's that's the downfall that's the
downfall this is a serious time serious
button-downs that's a concept I like it
Jack I'm with you rich what do I like
what do you bound your mouse buttons oh
yeah I haven't found any mouse buttons
yet thank you rich no problem Jack no
problem oh are you not working oh yeah
that works okay my internet at home hint
hint nudge nudge AT&T; Internet I'm
looking for new internet because we're
getting now twice a day where my
internet just boom stops yeah and I had
planned once again necropolis recently
had an update and Sarah Chen wanted
another round and I was like absolutely
I want to see this update you know what
they updated it with they said it was a
big dumb guy with a hammer
I am so that's right up your alley right
up my alley I really wanted to play and
so it's like we do we schedule the time
like no problem and that day my internet
was so crap I could be like I could
barely watch a YouTube video let alone
play an online multiplayer game so I'm
sorry Sarah yes as far as my shirt it's
actually an old shirt I just hadn't worn
in a while you can check out some older
we're best at the worst I'm sure I'm
wearing it and some of them also from
from a gameplay perspective do we need
do we need a button just to revive him
that's a different button then that was
the fire extractor that was a different
button then used the extractor do we
need a different button hmm you ever
played a game that that has the button
do
one button do too many things though oh
yeah you know yeah you ever you ever
play the the short-lived Prince of
Persia reboot I played it a little bit
at your behest the game the game that
plays itself Oh X jump so X runs across
the wall Oh X grabs systemic tides it
you can swing from Oh X wings the sword
Hey Oh X heals you
Oh exclaims oh you just hit eggs you're
not it's like you're not playing at all
it's so streamlined you need buttons you
need buttons
you do need buttons but maybe not this
many buttons okay none of us is happy
belated 911 have you guys ever taken
flak for any of your darker jokes
did you ever address it or hope that it
went away I'm sure controversy finds its
way every now and again lol flake my
cake I think we just had to ignore it if
somebody's upset about something we said
can I get a thicker skin can I get a
thicker skin if we ever like crossed a
line anywhere and I don't believe I did
it's all jokes I mean I guess we might
have crossed the line somewhere but it's
all jokes Emory 8:01 says hey rich
looking good of these new Pokemon which
do you think is the coolest Sal Gail Oh
Lew now wa qumu ku muds Dale lemme Q or
the worl mimic you I'm so excited to
play as mimic you know muds Dale because
it's easy as to say I'm really excited
about mud Slough muds Dale whatever
why not
what bricks what's your favorite
fast-food joint
please call Georgie Porgie sneer her
that's not bad at all
down the road a bit the suburbia yeah
has has damn fine sub as far as my
favorite none of them are around here
Nonna's pizza and I think it's in crisp
what Illinois is extremely good yet
cheap pizza
you get like like a quarter of a large
size pizza for five bucks with a drink
nice
Mickey zeros Crestwood Illinois is a
Christmas yeah I think it's whatever
there's also one in Tinley Park both
extremely good not exactly the same food
though it's like a loose it's a loose
chain which I think the one in Tinley
Park changed its name to Mickey's uh
gyros and ribs there now distinct a name
too Oh lightly OH
and mr. sub an oak forest isn't bad Jack
do you have any favorite fast foods fast
foods like to me if I if I'm going fast
if I'm going fast food it's gonna be the
garbage you know because then I'm only
in it for the speed and cheapness if I
had to go for good fast food you go
Culver's Culver's is the greatest place
to go fine it's real all of those places
I mentioned are better Georgie Porgie
yeah I'll be with you but that's not
fast food there's no drive-through -
Georgie Porgie
fast food needs a drive-through fast
food needs to drive through that's me
that's the Culver's is great and they
have custard which is which is ice cream
with eggs in it and lard and it's great
also this Portillo's they're good but
somewhat overrated Portillo's yeah I've
got some major walk-on going on
yeah it just locks on there's no off
turning that on but you could just shoot
yourself but why and lock on works ok
that's part it's part of the game it's
not like I'm using you know like auto
aim that's just part of the game
mechanics so I will that that is auto
aim well oh no like there's there
sometimes in the menu you can use auto
aim that's not necessarily like a part
of the game mechanics that's just like
to help the people who are using a
controller ok ok but this is part of the
game do you like I could just do this
and shoot myself but why I'm like this
does it for me
Habakkuk says did you hear that Star
Trek discovery is delayed from January
to may also rich did you check the mail
today I sent an obscure science fiction
film called nookie I checked the mill
yesterday I haven't opened it yet I
brought it in if we could get that
obscure science fiction film I'm sure
that would be very helpful I don't I
don't know if they're in the chat right
now but they they said they sent a big
package they asked if we got it I said I
haven't checked the mail yet I went the
other day big package labeled frill said
well I'm not gonna say name because they
asked in the chat and I don't I have a
real name and a sheet here and the
letter I'm not gonna say it but I think
you it was very generous yes yes I saw I
saw what you sent the big the big
fragile package yeah very very generous
geez hold down that wasn't that when I
opened because I couldn't help it bed
Mike wanted to do an experiment just to
see how much mail we got in a month so
if you send something in in August other
than that one thing I just mentioned I
haven't opened it yet
mike is curious how much mail we get now
as far as the delay on Star Trek
Discovery I'm typically I'm a patient
man
I can I can deal with that as more
important they get it right I don't know
what the delay is for though
um to get it right you know especially
because there isn't it also part of
their new online service is it going to
be the the flagship for their new online
service discovery CBS correct I've I've
heard I might not even go to CBS direct
now I don't know what's going on I hope
it doesn't go to CBS tourette cuz I
don't either
the death sentence because who the
fuck's can I have CBS Direct exactly but
the hardcore truckers it's not gonna
find a new audience that way if if you
are like this is a new endeavor for them
and hopefully the reason it's doing is
because they want to make it as right as
possible it should be on Netflix and it
should be a fuckin Netflix original yep
ton of new people who who aren't
familiar with Trek would fucking watch
it because Netflix has done some amazing
shit and think people would be willing
to give it a try and it's a click I'll
see what's going on yep
no no they got a CBS direct oh thanks
for shooting yourself in the foot Star
Trek that was that was a bright idea Oh
only in the US every other country gets
it on Netflix fucking morons can I
pretend can I use one of those VPN
things to pretend like I'm not in the
u.s. fucking morons yes you can and you
probably should yeah
all right just this guy you know says
just want to give a shout out to me in
the distant future of a few weeks from
now when I read listen to the stream
while working did you get my very large
box hey yes yes I did just this guy you
know is very generous thank you whoa
renegade Kira says hey guys you seem
like mature adults I guess haha where
are your very first r-rated movies and M
rated games pretty sure I watched the
first Evil Dead it eight years old that
tree scene kind of messed me up oh shit
yeah I don't remember my first r-rated
movie but that's because I was too young
to probably remember something my mother
was very fond of horror movies and that
was just that was like a family thing
like something like Night of the Living
Dead you know Friday the 13th sure it's
a shame I'm not a horror fan I would've
loved it a lot more
like I want to rent Robocop nobody
better to fucking lie
you don't see kids out on the street
anymore either why do people treat kids
like they're like they're just so
horribly fragile they'll break if
anything happens
ah yes used to run around neighborhoods
playing do you remember that I grew up
in the in the country man I think I I
ran around playing on in a farm field
you know like it doesn't happen I'm out
driving here there I you don't see kids
you drive it through like a residential
street anymore the same thing that
killed Halloween trick-or-treating is no
longer really a thing uh it is in
certain neighborhoods why can I not pull
out your core I'm missing something here
you know like in my neighborhood we
still trick-or-treat at dark oh I get it
and as far as m-rated games go look by
the time they came up with the idea of
em rating I was already over yeah I
don't know I don't know is the correct
answer first r-rated movie I wonder
I wonder when my first r-rated movie was
it's been too long we're too old
head back to the crawler but the reason
the kid thing was on my mind was since I
ever asked ever since that I I
accidentally almost possibly killed that
five year old girl well why do you think
they don't want him out on the street
anymore because people keep riding by
and untying them rich strangers keep
untying children cuz that's that's what
made me think about like driving off
after I untied her and like wait a
minute
that was an unattended child yeah that
should be normal but that hasn't been
normal in a really long time oh fuck
yeah and you know I know there's there's
antecdotal data on all sides about like
well you know kids are safe for now or
whatever but as did you know it's wasn't
that there was this sheltered and
unprepared for shit that could happen to
them
there was just a big like court battle
over the what did they called they come
free range kids and and this this one
these parents had their kids said it was
okay for their kids to like walk to the
park but it was like eight blocks away
or something and other people complained
about like possible child endangerment
and that parents like no I we know our
kids walk to the block and like the city
got involved and eventually after some
like some some lawyering and whatnot the
city was like now they can they can tell
like it's okay for their kids to do that
as long like but yeah people are freaked
out by that I couldn't could stranger
things have taken place now what do you
mean the movie oh the show the TV show
it depends on the area it depends on the
parents right we're gonna we're gonna
see a backlash to the backlash right
that's you know it always goes in ABS
and flows so I'm not too worried about
it
dr. gunther who - hacker says yeah yeah
I like that
vote Palpa Vader in 2016 because
democracy isn't stupid
but people are lol fuck whoa hey don't
touch me nemesis complain about getting
Jedi when their baby with complain about
getting Jedi when they're babies all you
want but we got lucky with Luke non farm
boys who learned that power would man of
steel the galaxy into a fascist hellhole
what yeah I know I just read that thinks
you read the thing they wrote and that's
all that matters 6x says Oh x tips rich
and Jack it's so streamlined
just hit X we're talking about that
earlier xxx to do everything streamline
a baby's streamline okay you know what
we're talking that's what we're all
about today efficiencies streamline the
fun right out of that efficiencies in
gaming well it's like I can kind of see
what all the different buttons do now
now that I've actually like had a chance
to yeah play a little bit so some of
them are making a little bit of sense
but still like like there's one button
you have to press to fire your extractor
and then there's a wholly separate
button you press to pull on your
extractor but it's not like you can fire
your extractor again while you're
pulling it that could be the same button
the demos have you shoving your dog's
ball and different robots yeah well I
you can pull you can you can pull out
different robots balls so you're like
like you and then but you can't put your
dog's ball in that robot I don't know
hey I haven't I don't I don't think I've
gotten there yet right
I'm just extracting
see oh oh shit what did i do for this
one again future famous person says rich
you said that a Don Wilson movie review
wouldn't be great
because he'd have to focus but him
ranting off topic would be so funny only
saying this because he has crazy
potential as a character Don Wilson is a
great character but we've also already
used Don Wilson scares the shit of every time
I have so much to live up to with Don Wilson
yeah that's true problem might be
my own self confidence I'm sure I'll do
Don Wilson again someday but I'm just
saying
Plinkett slowed down when Mike's started
doing the Plinkett voice for the
reviews huh like when I did him back in
the day we were younger was crazier like
Don Wilson oh okay
when Mike's doing it, he's gotta explain things
in a logical manner
my Plinkett was more like I don't know what I'm talking about
yeah
he came from some kind of farm
there's a little Wilson there's a little Wilson or a
little Plinkett in Wilson
yep
early Plinkett the real Plinkett
what right I don't know I think I got an
audio log and it's in a different
language oh shit sorry Jen says good
thing the Layton's haven't been sent yet
they will soon for any of you who will
have them for shits and giggles also
speaking of owing rich one will the
advocating happen the what the
advocating advocating which advocating
what what could this be referring to so
many things I don't know sorry Jen
usually doesn't say weird things that
make no sense every single time that's
someone anonymous yeah yeah when we'll
be advocating that reference to thing I
have forgotten because I have piss-poor
memory we say so many faces so many
things
what was it one of my RIPD commentary Oh
Phoenix right though more Phoenix right
absolutely we'll do more things right
there you know advocating is work I
don't I don't have an exact plan on when
we will do such a thing again
but we will you know reg advocated for
it we can do that um you know cuz I
don't want to do any more police quest 3
so kinda I'm kind of haven't done with
that game fortunately for you police
quest 3 bombed yep the blue blazes hey
guys oh nice to see this star wars
episode 6 point 5 gameplay what are your
thoughts alright this is a little Star
Wars Episode six rave running around run
around the desert
she's a scrapper yeah she technically
has a ball robot that's true technically
speaking that's very true rich I'm gonna
I'm gonna need this keyboard here next
to me bindings apparently are not
sticking they're not sticking I don't
know hmm I just need a you know like
it's not a big deal wow that's not it's
just too many things I uh
what are your thoughts on the last of
urgent the last of urgent movie going
straight to TV and the lead leaving have
you ever been happy that a movie flopped
the these divergent movies I have I
don't know where they come from I don't
know how well they've done I have paid
zero attention but there's a whole
series of yeah I have no idea what the
fuck you're talking about
you are being 100% honest yes what is
divergent there is a whole series of
movies I think there are they're on the
third one or fourth one now the
divergent series it's it's a series of
young adult movies is it like the purge
we're just four of them came out one
year and I just wasn't paying attention
that I know they're there along the same
lines is like the Maze Runner series or
or like things that came in the wake of
Harry Potter and The Hunger Games okay
I've liked young adult books being
turned into movie franchises okay so
this is one of them divergent and
they they've made some movies and I
don't I cannot tell you how well they've
done but what they've decided is for
their final movie they are making a
direct to TV movie because they're just
maybe not doing as well in the box
office as a thought or they don't want
to spend as much money on them as they
thought which is incredibly smart only
the lead actress I said fuck that I'm I
did not sign up to make a movie for TV
so I'm not being in this movie okay and
now they're trying to figure out what
they gonna pay her a lot less
I'm sure the outfit yeah well or it's
just like you know like she you know
that's her rep right on the line like
once you once you go down to TV it's
hard to go back up yeah so so kind of a
big deal that's what happened to Jeffrey
hunter it's what should have happened to
Jeffrey hunter yeah exactly
Jeffrey hunter doesn't mean is it it was
a mildly famous movie star back in the
day they played Jesus and the greatest
story ever told
okay okay remember the Star Trek pilot
no in the cage he was he was the captain
now I'm drawn a freakin blank on the
character's name he's the guy that gets
Kirk to join Starfleet the JJ Abrams
movie they used the same character the
guy who gets oh sure okay sure
he was he was sent to be the lead in
Star Trek and his his wife walked into
the studio one day and said Jeffrey
hunter is a movie star not a TV stars
wife browbeating him out of doing it
actually went to the studio on his
behalf insisting that he'd not be a part
of it oh man and now you don't know who
Jeffrey hunter is he died after getting
seriously injured when he was like
working on some kind of like b-movie I
believe like a few years later oh man
Captain Pike Christopher Pike pike pike
pike would have been Kirk really yeah
hmm except for an angry wife
you would have been set set for fucking
life Jack yeah be the Star Trek I
wouldn't be William William comically
comically bad Shatner William we're
secretly kind of kind of sort of
laughing at him Shatner just a little
bit just a little bit well like a well
like Bushwhacker wait no nobody's this
sabotage and we chuckle we all like him
when he's acting if you're not reading
from a script we don't want to have
anything to do with you Shatner yeah I
wonder if Star Trek would have been as
much of a hit without Shatner though I
gotta say and the pilot I'd love Pike
Jeffrey hunter was freaking great he
wasn't the the cartoon character that
kind of William Shatner was would have
been different I'd love to see it though
if I could if I could if I could travel
to an alternate reality yeah I would
want to travel to an alternate reality
where he was the lead in Star Trek just
to check that out yeah what would have
happened to Star Trek would have been
casted earlier would it be nothing god
I'm right you know what her name but him
instead did did Kirk's camp and natural
charisma this is kind of carried through
the awkward I don't think I don't think
I don't think Jeffrey hunter lacked
charisma just it wasn't as campy that
doesn't mean unlikable Shatner is a
charismatic fuck hmm you you like him
just by seeing him on screen there that
you know he he has like that thing he
has that actor thing that just attracts
you to everything he says I'm not saying
Jeffrey hunter would have been bad but
not when 9/11 didn't happen I know what
will be different the fucking towers
would still be there we're not just what
I would like to visit to see visit yeah
usually usually I give the cynical
answer to these questions everyone shits
all over me this
isn't rich like saying I want to go back
in time and change it I want to peek
into that users and you know what
happens if you peek into the universe
where 9/11 didn't happen and the towers
don't but I thought you were still there
you're just not peeking into that one
I'm peeking into this other one right
right well there'd be some differences
there have to be like more personal
freedoms snap going to the airport
wouldn't suck mm that'd be different it
would be different the world is worse
that it would have been well I mean yeah
undoubtedly obviously a big bad thing
happened obviously Isis wouldn't be a
thing that's probably true also uh 9/11
caused the Iraq war which caused Isis
yeah and caused a lot of lives to be
lost we took out a dictator but that the
dictator he had shit I'm clamped down
over there he had them hit the madhouse
under control we killed the warden he
was a terrible person
yep but what I read is chaos know also
in an effort to change the subject
beefcake without me pressing anything
that watcher is read now the toiu is not
connected and no subscribers have showed
up I have known okay what's happening I
just looked over at our Twitter and it's
all sorts of fucked I know not what is
happening
what
yeah my key bindings aren't saved I'm a
right-wing nut job because I think
hundreds of thousands of people probably
shouldn't have died and didn't need to
die the Middle East that would know that
was a call back to our lobbying all
right okay okay
being a right-wing thing
there or where'd I leave off those last
what I read where the steam lined tips
thing here's what I mean here's what I'm
gonna do here's what I'm gonna do
rich Oman you work on that I'm gonna
look for those I haven't read you just I
got it completely out of place everybody
just settle down for a second here
what's going on whole thing throw it in
the goddamn garbage okay this is a
controller game Jay that's fine that's
fine I play I play the Arkham games -
controller it's not like I played
keyboard mouse for everything you're
doing the auto-aim all right no you
don't need it then hey game designers
let me keep my key bindings Oh bother
spam jerk says while Jack you have me
convinced this is the future he's really
he's really attached to that keyboard
usually I'm the old man who can't brace
change how did the roles get reversed so
easily Jack how did that happen how did
that happen I'm confused
right right
I don't know rich Oh God hold on we
gotta know I gotta
yeah well this this was just clearly a
game designed with a gamepad in mind and
that's okay we just need to if you don't
if you don't want to talk about the
Middle East chat we we could talk about
Columbine am I talking about Columbine
or how it was the students fault talking
about playing rock music and Marilyn
Manson and doing well really kind of the
jerky students probably have the lion's
share of the blame yeah you mean the
students that shot everything up no no
no not them well rich what I mean if you
talk yeah so if you want if you want to
be honest what what drove them to go on
a killing spree the bully the bullies
did not help they did not pull the
trigger let's just let's just settle
down yeah this is what happens when you
try to put a fucking cap on me all right
that's fucking it happens I start
dropping some unpleasant truth on your
ass
what
what rich
ultimately yes the shooters are the ones
responsible yeah let's but let's just
take a moment and settle right the fuck
down probably the jerks have made them
feel like outcasts out a little bit a
little bit more so than doom that's all
I'm saying
wide-eyed oh yeah I know it's I mean
yeah there's three wine Shack says Jack
and rich first time tipper
longtime fan of rlm if you guys would
have wanted to cosplay who would you
want to cosplay and why what would love
a dub dub thank you for changing the
subject I appreciate that
well while we're talking about serial
killers probably probably Jason from
Friday the 13th sure that makes sense no
only because I was I don't know I don't
know what brought this on I was looking
at like Jason through the years on a
website like you know the different way
the mask has looked and how it'd be a
really easy costume oh yeah I think I
think if you're a Novus cosplayer that's
the one to go for I can be fat Jason
and how do I get my dog over there now
oh by the way this game was designed for
a controller yeah
hundred percent that was so much easier
to play then with the mouse and keyboard
big Ubu boom like instead of pressing
one button to fire my extractor and then
another button to pull you press down on
a stick and then pull a stick it makes
way more sense so deformed 9 says hey
guys what was your favorite Halloween
costume from your youth also I enjoyed
your interview with kill screen cinema
lol slather my meat popsicle glad you
enjoyed that I like doing stuff like
that I like I talk to anyone um
rich do you have a favorite Halloween
costume Indiana Jones liked him so much
I want two years he's Indiana Jones nice
one year it was probably it was probably
one of my very last dress up and go
trick-or-treating Halloween's I was
possibly just too old for it I think I
was probably like 14 15 you know just a
dead just at that point where it's like
I could probably still go
trick-or-treating but none of my friends
are so yeah yeah and I got I made out of
wood blocks a pair of foot-and-a-half
stilts okay found a found and like
cobbled together a giant black robe and
and got like the the good makeup and the
good face prosthetics and went as Satan
like I had yeah big I had big horns like
the face prosthetic that you have to use
like gum and putty to smooth out big red
face and you know the end and
like I said I had an extra foot and a
half a height yeah and so I was a giant
Satan and I loved it Grim Reaper B need
costume Grim Reaper would like a good
we've got a pole though with an actual
skull coming out rather than just like a
skull basket mm-hmm then you'd be tall
and your head would be a skull and that
would be neat yeah I've never done it
I'm just saying you know what I think
would be a cool mask to make love I I
see I see this character like this
speaking of cosplay and whatnot
we played that game deadbolt and you
know it didn't really catch on for me as
a game I tried playing a little bit
after that and didn't really work out
but I I listened to the album a lot
because I really liked that composer and
on the on the front of the album is that
is their version of the Grim Reaper and
it's you know like that is this like
exaggerated skull face in like a cool
70s jacket skinny pants and I think that
would be a really cool thing to cosplay
as like if you could find just the right
mask yeah if I have to craft your own
helmet yeah but I love dead bolts Grim
Reaper I think he is a cool cool
character if I were to cosplay I would
do it as that answer both questions
yes efficient it's efficient this dream
is all about rich efficiencies Zachos
waxes j+ are missions I love that
efficiency what are your favorite
substantially flawed games for example I
enjoyed as calm the bureau massive
factories Earth's setting and twist
weaving plot armor into the story made
up for men characters plus gameplay
you're allowed to like you're allowed to
like what what game did we think was
there most people think as mad but we
liked I'm sure there's some I'm just my
brains Dona Maximo y most most people
don't like Maximo I think that one just
I love tender everyone's worried I don't
think anyone thinks about Maximo yep oh
wait hold on we need to start mining
what does this remind you
right so you get flashbacks I get in
boredom flashbacks God you don't really
mind in this I just thought that was
hold on I got I got to get 3,000 more
gold rich that's just me pokin I'm
poking the bear do you have a mediocre
game that you love those had a mediocre
yeah but you know is mediocre not an
Alan Thicke max it was mediocre I think
it's actually a really good platformer I
think most people don't think so well I
think most people just don't think about
Maxim oh yeah it's just one of those
games that has has slept under
everyone's radar PS that was ps2 right
yep yeah for a game that most people
that don't care about that you think is
good it's okay if you can't think of one
now it happens me all the time I'm gonna
have some question I know I know there's
an answer but I can't think I'm like
Sunday I'll be like I have the answer um
I know what was really responsible for
Columbine I just can't think of what it
was no cuz it's a little bit of
everything right gun culture bullying
improper parenting parents not teaching
their kids how to deal with stuff like
that most of all door but most of all
but no no most of all Marilyn Manson
Marilyn Manson yes it was most of all
Marilyn Manson um I'm sure you know I've
just been trying to think of what I've
been playing recently so no I don't
think I have a good um I make that jump
yeah Mass Effect one is very flawed as a
shooter yeah it's horrible as a shooter
but I'm not a role-playing game
aficionado isn't it considered to be a
decent just as a role-playing game
decent enough to get two sequels yeah
certainly okay if you look at the
shooting gameplay oh my god it's
horrible sure you know even for the time
yeah I mean you know there's a lot of
games that I played just to kind of fill
time I think we talked about this last
stream I've been playing a lot of that
duelists game which is that free-to-play
card collecting game and yeah you know
what it's not the deepest this is the
strategy the card collecting it's almost
like a guilty pleasure just because I
know I can pop on play for five minutes
and pop off yeah so you for five minutes
pop off just five minutes huh huh just
five minutes huh yeah before you pop off
Department thank you rich thank you rich
person in the chat I think I think as a
shooter Mass Effect 3 was to Arkady I
think I think 2 was a better shooter
it's deeper you've said that you said a
lot of two's the gap stuff unfortunately
have to i don't know if i'd like any of
it just because i'm not a fan of Bioware
in general I know everyone keeps saying
like Knights of the Old Republic is the
shit twos a lot more tactical then three
we just run around and you fester and
you do some leaps and jumps you got you
got the badass melee it's it's a dumber
shooter 3 yet who was a better shooter
but the story was just too absent the
main story was just to absent some
fantastic characters 3 is just as linear
as fucking dull hmm before you get to
the there's the two sequences in that
game that are actually good and they're
both resolutions to subplots cuz the
game didn't give a shit about a main
story if fuckin Mass Effect 3 fuck the
people who think it's just good except
for the ending no it's got flaws up the
ass
Mass Effect 2 does world building world
building probably better than any game
Mass Effect Mass Effect 2 builds a
fucking universe mm-hmm Mass Effect 3
destroys it Oh
whomp if you want a good main story one
Mass Effect one
this doesn't better made the story than
any game it's great she's got great
world building good characters
and why did all my things disappear I
know other things disappeared and
another back we're back I'm my things
are back
why is your why does it keep buzzing
it's the vibrations on it so noxious I
hate vibration well I will turn it off
at my earliest convenience an item says
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet make sure I'm
not saying something horrible backwards
here hold on no Lauren Lauren Lauren is
uh is graphic designers okay text
template like when you know like when
you divide when you design a poster but
you don't know what words are gonna go
out your alarm it I just want to make
sure I'm not saying something about like
genocide reverse somebody could take the
audio later that's a great idea someone
do that not about genocide but about
something funny
like genocide I mean not just you know
what I mean none of us says hey Jack and
rich does Jack let his kids roam the
neighborhood or is rich right and he's
going to make them sheltered and
unprepared lol flop my nut flush well
right now they're a little too young but
like we we have a neighbor not a
neighbor we have someone who lives down
the street from us and I live in the
city and we have a friend who lives down
the street like maybe a block and a half
down the street and I let them walk that
far by themselves mhm I poked my head
out and I have like the other parents on
the phone like hey tell me whether there
yeah I can see him most of the way I let
them walk a fair distance by themselves
and as they get older I hope that
distance increases that distance
increases that's how it works how many
miles probably how many feet per year
does that increase maybe and is the
older one shackled to however far you're
letting the younger one roam no that
sucks for him no cuz then well you know
the older one then is responsible for
the younger Oh
okay okay so it's the other way around
right Wow yeah Wow sufficient he's it's
all about efficiency yeah the older one
has the burden he's that he has to be in
charge and responsible he is the burden
of responsibility Chris Gaines mm says
hope you find gents got the care package
I sent well just rich in Jane Oh sounds
like it might be in the in the Mike mail
pile though perhaps hello
buff my beard gobbledygook says this
like jak and daxter Ratchet and Clank
and banjo kazooie but without the
cartoon silliness it's an xbox exclusive
so why not try an Xbox controller oh
yeah yeah there's a standard button
layout for PC controls oh sure like I
said I died noon I know nothing about
this game because you know it was it was
just one of those III games and you're
you're a person and there's robots so I
thought there might be a larger aiming
aspect and yeah now that I have a
controller by the way this game was
meant for a controller you can tell
immediately it just makes sense with a
controller sorry Jen says how much for
Phoenix right this Sunday I'm bored as
hell you know nothing I have an answer
but I would feel like too much of a
shill if I know we can just play it on
Sunday weekend we can do that I mean
unless there's anything else but I mean
probably not that I don't think there's
any new games we want to play so we can
just do that on Sunday unless Jay shows
up because Jay doesn't do voices yeah
yeah
tell it depends on Jay I guess we'll put
that all on Jays shoulders and he won't
even know who won't even know which is
nice because that has an hour and
Ameland
to it dr. Harry Lime says I've cancelled
my feed a starving child with AIDS
donation to subscribe to Pre Rec if any
animal could be rich Evans which one
would it be that too dumb to answer that
question
it's a scandal a question they'll just
if they have a head if they're lucky
enough to have a head worm I'm gonna
comprehend this sound you know what
worms not an animal I guess what you
count as an animal wait wait wait did
you just say a worms not an animal you
know what I in my head in my head I was
thinking mammals okay and Soleil and you
know worm is obviously not a mammal no
but but you said animal and uh nimit
idea I mean about Toyota what NEMA toid
Oh
Twiggy up there the AI is on an enhance
but this is what it is NEMA toid great
go easy on he was thinking mammal let's
find animal
it's fine everything's fine Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard says yes would you
say 3d artists for Triple A games are
more often s men or chest men that I
don't know I don't know if there's one
that's drawn to it more than the other
when there when you're making as a gamer
you're mostly staring at the ass well
when you're making the model you're
staring at it all equally well it
depends so like if you are making a
third-person action game yeah you get
you got to be an ass guy well you don't
have to be an ass guy you can be smart
enough to know that the ass is more to
put in port and your design sure because
that's what you're gonna be stirring up
any more attention doesn't mean you're
an ass man sure sure you're paying more
attention to the ass because that's what
you're looking at but you know if you
look at something know you know what I
am thinking of overwatch which has a lot
of scantily clad ladies and usually
their asses are more predominant than
their chests so like Blizzard ask people
I think it's all it's all here you know
like the was it wasn't like notoriously
the the Street Fighter designer who made
chun-li he's just like I just love
bigger legs on my lady like he was just
a leg dude I don't know France I think I
like both equally well oh yeah everyone
knows I like butts you cannot lie I love
butts I cannot live just like Master P
said in that rap song okay it was at
least you notice and just went somewhere
different with it what the reference I
thought you just missed the reference no
I did which was gonna be really sad but
oh he gets it he's just I know he's
clever enough to do something different
with it I was trying trying that I get
that I enjoy large posterior xym telling
the truth versus when my friends inquire
about my love of
that is not what analysis anonymous says
I tell them the truth you guys talk a
lot about games and movies what is some
of your favorite music what Jack what is
some of your favorite music
I'm still thinking of like the classy
way to do the butt song right now
I listen to a ton of different music
rich all sorts of different music I was
going through a little bit of a hip hop
phase a couple weeks ago where I was
just a hardcore listen Anna Wu Tang Clan
and ASAP Rocky and Aesop Rock mos def
right now I'm listening to a band called
mothers which is music that I can
completely understand other people
hating like I feel bad if I'm listening
to it in the car with like my kids or
wife because it's like the singer sounds
like a war beliebe Lou grass singer like
almost out of tune high-pitched and like
it's indie rock behind it and it's all
like a little ethereal and I love it I
just love it so I'm going through a girl
rock phase right now that end a tau and
the get down stay down
okay which is like female fronted indie
rock what are you listening to at the
moment
lame just just lately Leonard Cohen a
little bit of Leonard Cohen oh okay the
future darkness
everybody knows mmm one of my favorite
songs ever everybody knows everybody
knows that the dozen everybody rolls
with some depressing shit
yep but in general I think I like hard
rock just hard rock cut again Hard Rock
kind of guy hard rock and or heavy metal
was good too one more a bra ac/dc is
fucking awesome well yeah
any music that wants to destroy
it's typically pretty good yeah yeah I'm
done with that I'm down with that when I
come across the other day that I forgot
that I had in my mix is do you ever
listen to well probably not because it's
a little bit newer coheed and cambria no
it's it's this really wonderful proggy
math rock with a lead singer who like
almost sounds like he's belting out
sci-fi opera lyrics and it's just like
every part of the song is a guitar solo
and it's wailing and it's it's great

[Part II]
it's great um what I ordered
kurwa noses kerbin o.k you are w a o NE
so it's really curl one who knows more
about Star Trek Mike or rich probably
Mike probably Mike
I love the Star Trek mm-hmm Mike Mike
probably gets more wrapped up in the the
details than I do though okay
fuck yeah sometimes math rock is just
what you need you just need angle e
guitar solos over everything Fang 14
says hey guys here's a little tip for
all the years of entertainment also
what's the last really good sci-fi book
you read I've been it's I've been
experiencing a decent sci-fi drought
thanks crisply hi my five thanks crisply
hi on my five sci-fi book Jack I my
go-to is always wool I read it like it
doesn't really count as sci-fi I only
read it because the author of wool
recommended it it's called abomination
and it's more like it's more like
medieval fantasy but it's not like it's
not like Knights and elves and bullshit
it's more like medieval fantasy meets
blood-borne where like blood monsters
come and like people morph into horrible
creatures okay
abomination kind of a weak ending but
overall a really fun read wool if you
haven't read it I know I talked about it
just
oh so much but
what was great I don't I don't read as
much as I should if there's a if there's
a proper amount you should read there is
okay I don't read that much but the
Martian oh yeah I haven't seen the film
yet books decent good it's a good book
good book good book good look good make
word read the book is good it's pretty
light and it sounds like it's a fantasy
thing but it actually manages to have a
decent sci-fi aspect to it it's a it's a
series of books called magic 2.0 where
they find out that the world is really
just a computer simulation nobody is
real nothing is real it's not like the
matrix where you're plugged into a
machine uh-huh just everything is a
program oh and they find like the file
that controls it and they can alter
reality and they can make themselves
seem like magicians like wizards
interest yes that actually sounds kind
of fun it's a neat premise very light
very fun there's a short story I have
read recently to two decent ones one
that recently ones I just love first one
I read a couple weeks ago is uh somebody
wrote a short story that's a retelling
of John Carpenter's The Thing written
from the things point of view that's
funny and that is that is a good read
it's a pretty short story you can read
it in an hour or something like that
and then if you can find it this is a
short story called they're made of meat
they're made of me just read it don't
look it up just just read it they're
made of meat
all right just trust me and read it okay
it sounds great by the way
Jack are you enjoying this oh this is
short I'm sorry there's a short film
version of they're made of meat
interesting I'll have to look that up
alright sorry go ahead
are you enjoying this yeah so it looks
as dull as I thought it would be it
looks you saying this Ridge was right
yeah we're like what are you not right
you know I mean it's you know what it's
not bad mm-hmm
it's even kind of fun sometimes we're so
early on in the game I don't I'm really
hoping that something changes up
something changes you know like it's
been a lot of the same stuff okay shoot
shoot the robot capture the core go to
the next glowy thing so I'm really
hoping that their friend it's a lot of
the same stuff that can be fine if the
same stuff is fun to do yes agreed most
games are the same thing over and over
again that's every shooter it's ever
been made I know that's gonna bring out
well that this shooter did this was
different well it's not that way the
whole game I mean general yeah most
games you're doing the same thing
repeatedly repeatedly right and so far
there's not a ton holding my interest by
were very very early yeah this so
screams next-gen gaming yeah you know it
almost like it almost makes you wonder
if this was supposed to be an Xbox one
launch title you know that was like just
there to
- uh what we're saying this kg and foon
a sucks is that that's cuz that's the
point kind of what I'm saying here but I
don't know you know what let me let me
finish it out like do you want to play
at all I mean no I have no interest in
playing this whatsoever okay let me let
me get a little more playtime in then
and we'll make our final decision I can
try and play it if you want to just
interact with traffic you know we can
I'm just saying if you're saying do I
want to yeah that's what I'm saying
okay no that's fair but I will I will
for the sake of the street sure what it
no that's fair cog a in foon a all right
Caillou g ke g okay I looked this up
before our episode and according to
people it's Chi eg it's fine it's fine
in a foon a kg in a phone a
friend hello battery friend Skulltula
houses hot take rich intentionally spews
radical controversial theories to force
chat into sub only mode cause non subs
to pony up for a subscription profit no
that's not why I don't know in fact if
you remember last room we told all of
our mods to ease up on the so a double
up hey mods he's up he's up on the whole
on the whole deleting comments and stuff
it's we can loosen up a little bit the
chat has to be getting out of hand
yeah measures need to be taken and
obviously we don't want it to get out of
hand but let's let's just be cool human
beings are capable of having a civilized
discussion absolutely so yeah well start
to start easing the reins a little bit
obviously if things get nuts you fuck
yeah lock it down button but it's okay
to it's okay to loosen up a little bit
you know mom madam says are there any
movies that made you physically sick
physically sick I mean not like to the
point of vomit but I saw I saw a
Cronenberg's fly when I was when I was
younger and man when he starts changing
into brundlefly that that burns into
your brain oh I don't know that I would
say that made me sick though it's
wonderfully discussed it's wonderfully
disgusting I'm trying to think of
something of it actually actually made
me sick I can't even thinking about it
now though I didn't see clips of society
recently and that comes close that goes
damn close alright
if somebody could probably is one of
those things where and this is probably
something out there this made me a
little bit squeamish but not thinking of
it right Carrie Lasher says haven't been
on for a while I've been been watching
rlm again as it seems to somehow happen
for no good reason
hope you guys are well did you get
married rich Evans
I loved everybody step step one was
getting her butt up here which just
happened last month right
step two is her getting settled in
getting a job you know she hasn't
started you know the new job so settled
in then I think we could really think
about it but right Sarge largely in her
hands Finn I don't go to if she wants I
will go to a justice of the peace
tonight if she wants you hear that Karen
Huma may or may not be watching she's
probably not watching speaking of binge
watching I had all these plans this week
it's all I know it's only once a week
sent overhead this week was going to be
my week of catching up yeah I'm gonna
watch a bunch of movies you know we're
not particularly working on an episode
right now all my other work is taken
care of and so this was going to be my
week of watching movies to catch up with
all the shit that I've missed okay and
so on Monday I decided to put something
out in the background while I like check
the emails and you know like I check our
Twitter every once in a while make sure
like I'm keeping up with people fix a
couple we got some new graphics for
previously recorded I don't know if
anyone has noticed on our YouTube page
and on our twitch page now we got some
new graphics and they look awesome and I
really like them so you know just doing
some random house claims like oh you
know what I've been catching up
I've been rewatching daredevil season 2
and jessica jones to prepare myself for
Luke Cage I'll put on an episode of
Jessica Jones do you really need to
watch those to prepare for Luke Cage
well Jessica Jones yeah Luke Cage is a
big part of just okay okay but they're
you know Daredevils like yeah
wanted to rewatch it anyway and I was
kind of over you know it was fine so so
like I put on an episode of Jessica
Jones and that has been all week for me
is now binge watching Jessica Jones
again no and it is way better the second
time I liked it the first time through
but god damn is that a good show and
it's just a fine fine show so I didn't
watch any of the movies I wanted to
watch because I rewatched Jessica Jones
and now I'm finally over with that he's
finally he's finally left to part I'm
not sure what what he found what he's
got going on my brother yeah what
staying on my place forbid and lately my
binge watching has been cheering him off
we've been watching ash vs. Evil Dead
nice and me and Kara made him watch
stranger things yes he enjoyed it as he
should what why wasn't i extracting mama
says what is your favorite place you
have traveled to I'm not a big traveler
my ideal vacation is is like just
chilling out at home that's my ideal
vacation you gotta get out there rich
she's got like going downtown to enjoy
the the bike trail traveling I don't I
don't do much of it at some for me gotta
get out there and for me it's Africa
yeah I got to go to South Africa for a
video shoot and it's the absolute
farthest away I've ever been and it's so
different and that's what traveling is
all about and I got to hang out with
some people I really enjoy for a week
and a half in South Africa and we there
was like a big snafu and the hotel we
were going to stay at didn't really pan
out and so there were on there there
were four of us staying in quite
literally a garden shed
the people who brought us down upper our
producers who brought us down to shoot
this video it is high five World Cup for
anyone wondering we got to go down for
the World Cup our hotel thing got mixed
up in every hotel everywhere was booked
up because the World Cup yeah
they had rented a house for like a dozen
of their people and there was a garden
shed with concrete floors for the four
of us to sleep in in the backyard
oh how pleasant but it's it's just one
of those experiences where hey you
didn't get AIDS
didn't get is so no but do you know like
just four of us good friends we've known
each other I started losing my hair your
friends well you know it was just one of
those experiences where it was obviously
a weird situation but four of us good
friends shooting a video editing at
night just being in fucking Africa we
went to his little safari saw lions and
giraffes and shit we got to feed a
giraffe like they don't have laws like
they had like a heavier a flexible other
damn necks they get all the way around
like how'd it like like slick like this
or like this or some something in
between just their neck it like does it
Bend much or does it is it like one of
those you know those you know those
birds they dip in the glass does it like
that a little bit of both a little bit
does bend a little bit they they can get
all the way to the ground but I'm always
curious how flexible those damn necks
are they're they're very flexible okay
and so I was like you know we got to
just we got to go in one of those trucks
where the Lions attack the trucks
because they don't give a shit about
like consumer safety in Africa it was it
was amazing it was just amazing
and it's it's one of those life
experiences that that uh
weapon up oh great that I just have now
and that's that's beautiful like during
that trip we conned our way into an ESPN
press conference conned conned we you
know cuz the the whole the whole idea
with these high five videos is get as
many locations and celebrities as you
can in your video yeah that's what
they're all about and so for this one it
was just sports people and and African
locations because we're in Africa yeah
and we knew we had a couple contacts
here and there so like we got to shoot
with the US team one day and like you
know we just got a whole bunch of them
it was during their practice but we
needed more sports people and I don't
know anything about sports and what
luckily one of our producers did and so
we pull up to one of their newly built
stadiums and it's just all of us in a
minivan and a armed guard stops us
because again it's Africa they should've
had anything armed guards we conned our
way into the front gate mmm-hmm and
we're the armed guard how did you con
your way into the front gate
it was specific it was great this is a
great this was a fantastic time so so
the armed guard says you know tells us
to turn around and we go oh no no we're
we're here for a shoot and you know I
hold up the the video cable that I have
and the armed guard goes no no I don't
think so and and and the our producer
who's just the slickest talking guy in
the world he's just like no no
absolutely we're supposed to be here for
a shoot jennipher inside
jennipher inside call her up and let her
know and the guy goes let me see your
IDs the key yeah to being a place you're
not supposed to be cuz acting like you
belong there of course yeah of course
and so he asked for our IDs which does
nothing cuz like I have a Wisconsin
driver's life right he looks at him yeah
but that just gets us into the compound
you know it's still like a soccer
stadium right then but but so now we
have one chink in the armor so we we
drive around the soccer stadium until we
see a big list of cards this worth
possibly being in a South African prison
we would have talked their way out of
that age Jack cuz they so we drive
around the stadium until we see a big
clump of cars and we just go to the
clump of cars we have no idea what we're
doing there's a clump of cars there
there must be people there again we run
into our second guard our second wave of
security second armed guard second armed
guard and you know these are people who
are freshly hired they probably have not
been trained well and for this one I
take lead on it and I have my big camera
bag and I and I have my my rig ready to
go and so the guard starts coming up to
us and all I do is like swing my
background go finally you're here to
take us to that you're here to take us
is be a little indignant because if
you're supposed to be there you're you
can be a little indignant yeah yeah and
the guy looks at me and I was like
you're here to take us right and he's
like the the the the press conference
and I was like yes we're here for the
press conference we didn't know there
was a we didn't know what was there what
no years ago and so a venture alight and
so he's just like oh yeah right over
here so he lets us in the door and then
you know points us in the right sergeant
oh thanks so much
I really save your butts we run up and
catch like the last bit of an ESPN press
conference and so it's like a bunch of
real reporters with lacquers yeah yeah
and everything and so like we're just
kind of sitting there I'm the only one
with the camera like someone guys giving
a little talk and there's some people up
there and they get done with a little
talk and they go okay so
you know we're gonna go on to the field
and everyone will get blah blah with
this certain going over the state like
and so now what are you actually hoping
to do what we want to do is get athletes
to get celebrity athletes because that
like if a celebrity athlete is in the
video you can tag them in the video
actually get them to like to do a
high-five either them do a high-five or
literally all the whole high fives chick
they just need to be in the shot
somewhere and then our two high fibers -
okay or to get onto a field like a
proper soccer or football pitch you know
like we just want to go we just need
something uh-huh and so now we're part
of a group so we waited and you know
like some people leave and and now we're
part of a group of reporters story is
great I'm so I'm surprised I've never
told this stuff oh I've never heard this
oh so now we're part of a group and we
we all get assured out onto the pitch
you know the pitch is where they play
soccer the soccer field and you know
there's this one special area where
we're supposed to be but all of a sudden
someone notices that we don't have yeah
uh everyone gets a what do they call
those like well it's like the necklace
with the laminated thing on it
where's where's your lacquer or whatever
they call where's your badge and I was
like and you know for me like I have a
camera so luckily I get to I get the
luxury of playing dumb I don't they
didn't tell me I needed a badge I just
I'm just here shooting like who are you
shooting and you know like I point to my
two guys I'm like oh we're shooting who
you here with
what's good you know like yeah they
think it's just a paperwork mess-up who
are we a funny or diet I thought I
remembered something about that hold on
for a second do that I don't everything
here's so messed up let me hold up hold
on for a second hold on for saying there
they run away we assume that they're
gonna go like double check their
informations like quick shoot so like we
shot a shot of where we shot it out over
here they come back with our fucking
lanyard
they come back and it like it doesn't
have her names on it it just has funnier
guy right now and he's like so sorry
about this absolutely okay and then he
goes then it goes what do you guys need
because that's his job like he's the
press coordinator he makes sure that
stuff is going to happen and so then
it's like well who's on the phone so we
got a couple really great shots with
with like some other TV personalities a
great shot of the pitch yeah good work
oh no there there are so many little
stories like that of us counting our way
into stuff like we got to shoot with
I'll save this story for another time
because I got to stretch out the stories
of what what is his name now son Kim
moon the you this the the secretary of
the United Nations no we count our way
into a high-five with him son what sigh
I forget his fucking name but I we have
a lot of little stories like that should
start doling them out well but there's
one I get one oh my god we got so many
tips
that's unbelievable
it's our guide Nixon says Jack yeah if I
sent you a mixtape with some music I
some music I think you'd like on it
would you be able to listen to it like a
cassette that's they say that's what
they're saying nobody seems to own tape
decks or Walkmans anymore except
miserable hipsters like me haha I am
apparently not a miserable hipster I do
not own
I do not own anything that will play a
cassette there you have it I'm sorry if
you also send along some sort of
cassette oh no cuz I don't even have
speakers no I have no way to listen to a
cassette and I'm very sorry if you send
me like a like a CDR I can listen to
that but I know hipsters think that
there's something inherently better
about cassettes but that's no reason
yeah I mean I agree dissing says listen
Richard and Jack yes have any of you
seen citizen for the lorem culturist
documentary about Snowden
if not please do also what's your
opinion on the Iraq war Isis and the
Columbine shootings well well let's just
get this out of the way strife in
traverses plate dishonored before the
sequel drops in November you will love
it red letter media was an inside job
lol boo-boo Limoges dawdler do learn
boo-boo my gist doodler lol let me get
this right
lol Shaboom i jizz doodler that's
exciting I know I should play dishonour
I need any of the time I need the time
that's my life to do it that's the
problem I'm gonna be I know I'm gonna be
busy the next two days oh oh yeah you
have something important to do for the
very few days yep she's making some sort
of some sort of video project it's not
an episode it's not an episode
it's not an episode but you're shooting
some sort of video project the next
couple days the off switch says rich if
you had to cosplay as a non human
character from the film Doctor Dolittle
which non-human Doctor Dolittle
character would it be I've not seen
Doctor Dolittle I'm sorry I cannot
answer that question fired back fired
mega biotic frog says I recently got a
copy of my old n64 favorite conquers bad
for day uh fun story and great
multiplayer what are your thoughts in
the game I don't haven't played the game
you haven't played it at all no I mean I
played it back in the day but it's been
far too long I don't remember anything
about it I thought that was just one of
those games that everybody kind of
played traitor no we were over this
recently and I was saying this wrong
traitor - traitor - zine CH yeah because
I'm supposed to know that the t's Island
Sailing that's part of it the same okay
uh too tired to make a real comment 240
am hope you've had a good day and that
my name drives you to greater madness
see you next time
also maybe stand up we haven't stood up
no well the stand up timer has
disappeared
you know what the standard proceedings
you're right we should price tandem
loner Archon says Jack okay
when will you when will you share your
Fred Savage story also what is this
movie called partners that you speak of
in the interview okay also this is
amazing that's all partners who gave us
that interview again kill screen listen
when I say I'm not going to tell a story
you also have to cut out of the podcast
this the set up to the story that I'm
not gonna tell just just a quick hint
you're also supposed to cut out that
part no I'm not gonna tell my Fred
Savage story because
I'm not I'm not like I probably will
never have a relationship with Fred
Savage but it's unprofessional it's not
it would be unprofessional of me to tell
look you got the you got the the South
Africa story and I that's worth its
weight in in 10 all right seven stories
I have several stories about lying my
way into events I will share all of
those stories Richard the Fred Savage
story it's probably even that good
that's not really it's not really that
good so anonymous s Jack I'm Jack and
rich too but probably more Jack okay did
you ever watch homestar runner back in
the day fuck yeah and if so what do you
think love the streams both you keep up
the great work I've just seen a little
bit of strong band it's all I know
stronger Barry I've heard him respond to
mail or something yeah I can't say a
huge fan though that would obviously be
alive oh yeah I loved it back in the day
and especially especially a homestar
runner or an at-home strong Bad's
teenage girl squad I'm familiar with it
because everyone always used to say that
plink it sounded like strong bad what is
a strong bad strong beds the the rest
okay but but he like in in the world of
homestar runner strong bad made his own
comic called teenage girl squad okay and
he does all the voices for all the
different girls and it's like Courtney
the ugly one it's very funny okay it's
very very funny but yeah I was I was a
fan of homestar runner back in the day
the blue blazes in the fire watch review
yep you didn't talk much about what
happens in the story were you
disappointed with the ending if so what
do you think would have been better
opinions on walking simulators a walking
simulators are worthless as a game you
just make your film but I liked the
ending it was appropriate for the
characters yes I agree I my my quiet so
we didn't talk much about the actual
story because we didn't want to spoil
anything and literally the whole point
of Firewatch is to experience the story
so I guess also spoiler alert spoiler
alert we're about to talk about the
ending of fire watch if you have any
interest in playing fire watch and
enjoying the story like mute it for two
minutes now any in the end of fire watch
by the way I never get sick of reading
Rich's right again I never get sick of
reading that that's great yeah in the
ending of fire watch your characters
wife died in the beginning of fire
watching and the whole game takes place
while you are talking with this new lady
on the phone
new lady the way it sounded like you
said nude nude which is entirely
different we don't know what she's
wearing rich in my head knows this new
lady and developing a relationship with
her and that's kind of a big part of the
story and the character is getting over
that I will wave my hands like this when
the spoilers are done yeah and and
finally after a bunch of wacky
misadventures you have you think you are
going to meet this new lady and she
already left and she just knows she
that's just like now it's just not gonna
work we shouldn't mean and that's how it
ends not meeting and I thought it was
very appropriate okay cuz it wasn't yeah
wasn't about your relationship the the
story was not about your relationship
with her yeah it was about dealing with
the loss of your wife yes yeah yes so
said you done I am done okay for anyone
who is listening tell people spoilers
over and that's that's when he
sacrificed his life to save the lady who
was on the other end of the line and
they made out for for 20 minutes all
during the credits well no because he
was he was dying he jumped in for the
bullet oh you got the bullet ending yeah
oh I didn't get the bullet that's what
he actually find the killer
see this is you know like I I like games
that make you replay it four different
endings I got a whole different ending
where I died of poison oak poisoning
that's weird
yeah you didn't get the little mini game
where you had to eat all of them the
playoffs
apparently I chose wrong huh it ended
with my insides itching to death to
death
Donovan says any chance of the Knights
of the Old Republic to stream no only
child says Jack yeah I started watching
Supergirl because of your recommendation
and I think I love it it's a little
corny and hokey and a ton of fun when
Jimmy Olsen first showed up I burst out
laughing yeah definitely hokey and it
doesn't get much better but it's it's
kind of fun and I hate it that's so
cheesy I'm very interested to see where
where they go with it now that it's on
CW especially knowing that they're
bringing Superman in now mm-hmm and it's
a totally different Superman all the
talking into the movie Oh Supergirl yeah
Olsen in that they have a cameo I don't
remember the TV show okay okay the
Supergirl TV show it's I think I think
it's more bad than good but some of the
good some of the good wrench Jim a
little bit of the good is pretty good
but overall it's pretty bad well I'm
sorry it's like this wrench
I I'm never gonna watch the show I'm
never ever going to watch the show I
actually gave up on it after a few
episodes just because I thought it was
so bad but then I rewatched it all
because I knew the flash was gonna be on
it there was gonna be the flash across
the old things I want to catch up I
wanted to catch up what if I miss
something and then her that it's you
know the flash crosses dimensions and
and hangs out with Supergirl for a day
and it was the most fun episode ever
yeah yeah even though it totally sucked
like the villains were terrible and
their motivations sucked and the flash
didn't really do anything to save the
day he had no purpose for being there
really but it was so much fun they read
they ran fast and flew and ate ice cream
together and it was like wow this is
great and I saw very
after I saw dawn of justice it was like
fresher yes
Oh oh my god characters in the DC
Universe having fun they're not supposed
to do that right there was a palate
cleanser but so I'll probably check it
out once it's on the CW so no but so
you're gonna have to sacrifice that dog
in the end of the game by shoving the
dog's core and a thing is that the
ending
oh that's just try it enough yes yes so
I'm gonna say yes wrench let me know if
I called it it just came out yesterday
so I don't know other spoilers out there
I'm sure Wow don't take long
strife in traverses booty booty booty
booty booty everywhere
this time it's lupus says hey guys rich
you'd be a housecat you can sit around
doing nothing all day sometimes getting
up to throw up in someone's shoes maybe
once in a while go after your owner for
petting you you do that everything about
that you know like a disgusting cat
you start the game over at the beginning
and a new universe with a broken-down
dog ah I get it I get to chef Dean nein
nein nein says was wondering if you guys
got the VHS tapes I sent to the RL MPO
box
I got a few more donate as well probably
but like I said we're for no particular
reason we're not opening the mail for a
month I'm getting it so I'll sing in the
corner and we're gonna see how much we
get them up I probably have your tapes I
don't know what they are yet sure is
very exciting thank you thank you Little
Italy thank you
all that tapes we have in the wall
everything we watching the show it's it
shit that's been doing it partners
hearts said to us by a fan oh and by
someone who was asking me on Twitter
speaking of partners someone was asking
me on Twitter's like about this partners
and they said like oh is it this movie
from 1982 I cannot just through Google
alone because I don't know the name of
the filmmaker I cannot find any
information on partners it does not
exist we didn't find that DVD right yeah
we found it it was there was a mini
crisis here at the studio when we
couldn't find our copy of partners yes
you're not gonna be able to find it
it's very obscure it's very obscure it's
so obscure it just like Google does not
work I'm waggly Google does not work to
find partners you need other methods
fuck fuck you Oh Kerry Lasher says I had
to tip you more money because you sang
Leonard Cohen rich Evans ha ha ha that
brings me joy and I feel so much closer
to you thank you thank you
sorry chin says do any of you to enjoy
an electronic music at all
I've always enjoyed trance and house
music though I do know they've been
watered down a lot lately due to pop I
like electronic music I like all sorts
of stuff I'm a musical idiot what counts
is electronic music techno I think
that's in a Daft Punk uh oh yeah
definitely that mall I don't listen to
Daft Punk
I like the Tron Legacy sound effect rack
no that's a oh that's a great soundtrack
that is a great example of electronic
music what is it what is the some of the
music they used in theif countess is
that is that electronic you wouldn't
know did you different laid the game I
like that I don't know things I don't
know music thing I'm a musical idiot I
really am
I've never I've never pretended to be oh
yeah music this and that Karen could
talk about music for hours I've never
heard of them what do they what song do
they do Mac I think I think I inherited
that from my dad
he didn't know who did the satisfaction
really and he's an elderly
spark man sweet man did not know who did
I ain't got no satisfaction that's that
was shit shocked me cuz I thought I was
the the most musically unemployed man in
the world yeah yeah yeah
thief soundtrack is kind of industrial
okay see I don't know things I don't
know things is that is that a lot of
different industrial is more kind of
like rock techno okay like into
industrials like techno but with with
distortion on it okay so so yeah I guess
I could see you like industrial would be
closer to like would be closer to Rob
Zombie is like the Rob Zombie of techno
take up a lot of stuff that's on matrix
would be like industrial matrix
soundtrack if you remember any of that
specific yeah I'd like I really enjoyed
dubstep and techno music def Punk I
enjoy it just a little bit everything I
have yet to find a genre of music that I
will completely right off
and I guess we're at a point now where
people wouldn't know who did
satisfaction just because they're too
young
sure but the Rolling Stones I can't get
no satisfaction I can't get no girly
action but I try is that right is that
right
I see I'm yeah and I Drive I just enjoy
that you're singing down dananana
God that sounds terrible I know I'm not
trying I'm not that dumb to actually try
I'm not that dumb to actually try I know
my limitations gamer child you cases
hijackin rich Evans hello did you see
that Dead Rising one finally being
ported to PC PC story wise what do you
mean story wise oh oh that's a different
sentence because I'm dumb that story
wise it's my favorite dead rising game
Frank is back for D F for Capcom finally
sees Frank as the main Pole not the
zombies Frank voiced by a different guy
which largely defeats the point and
they're getting rid of the timer
completely for dr4 which means I have
absolutely no interest Dead Rising 1 is
the best in the series specifically
because it's got that really well II
well just that fine-tuned timer they
they got that perfect mm-hmm-hmm because
you've got to be perfect to do
everything you know it's perfect it's
great well that's the idea where it's
like worth it you know but not
everybody's gonna do everything and
you're gonna feel bad like oh I couldn't
save that one guy ran out of time just
kind of like a real-life situation well
do I save them or do I do this right
right but they made it just so if you
busted ass and we're perfect beautiful
that's great beautiful Dead Rising 2
like my second time I played through the
game I minimal minimal effort I did
everything
yeah Dead Rising 1 though perfect
Dead Rising for any effect right
it's a fuck that rising for Wii III you
can we can I have the zombie game
moratorium that you wanted with no with
no restrictions put on
I mean you said you were gonna run for
president yes and one of your platforms
it's gonna be a hold on all zombie games
yes that that's my that's my one present
my promise to you is is a law
restricting the output of zombie game
and I withheld my support because if
Dead Rising for that's true that's right
that that is no longer the case you now
have my full unconditional support
Congress and the Senate will take care
of literally everything else I will hire
you know like a decent Secretary of
State they can talk to all the foreign
nations of nations I will run for
president on one promise no zombie games
for two years just to I well because
he's no no and yet for four years you
can't you can't even develop a zombie
game if we if you are cause I'm
developing a zombie game you will be
punished we need it we need a two year
break from zombie games yes I say two
years for the development for years for
even releasing cuz the minute the two
years is up there's gonna be a ton of
there's gonna be a glut
cuz that has been enough time it's gonna
be a glut of cheaply developed terrible
ones okay the unintended consequences
vice president is rich Evans because he
thinks my policies through a little bit
so to two years of no development and
then another two years before release I
like it I don't know what I'm doing so
it's just that easy vote vote uh Packard
Evans no more zombie games I do like you
know what even though like this is such
a Mega Man Thing I really fuckin like
these boots and Dead Rising on PC was
the one the first game was gifted to me
and thank you very much thank you
I can I can now I can now mothball my my
piece of shit 360
the your your dead rising machine the
thing that only existed for dead rising
it has the good version of Ninja Gaiden
2 but I can play this the one without
Gor on the ps3 so there's that sure oh
yeah no I'm sure like much like
speakeasies they'll be like like I'm on
tour on the black web
they'll be trading zombie games they
won't be new ones you can you think we
can't even sell like a pre-existing
zombie game I'm curious how far your
your anti-zombie policy goes well the
the idea behind this policy yeah is is
the market hasn't adjusted itself yet
it's too flooded the zombie market is
now too big to fail and so we need to or
is failing because it's too big oh one
of those things and so what I'm trying
to do I'm trying to think of the future
I'm trying to think of a future where a
zombie game will be fun again and so we
just need a break and the market is not
adjusting for itself if you actually
want them to be fun again you're gonna
need to go further cuz this is one of
those things that when the restriction
is lifted yeah it's you're gonna get bad
ones all over again they're just gonna
put them on hold they're gonna put them
on ice you need to have if you're if you
want to do this the way you want to do
you gotta go full authoritarian and
there's gonna have to be like lots of
very specific guidelines put in place
for when you make your zombie game I
have a better idea yeah
so the problem with zombie games is
there's too many of them right and for
some reason the market hasn't adjusted
people they're still earning money so
people aren't sick of them yet yeah
right check check out this devious
presidential shit right here government
subsidies for game studios to create
zombie games
flood the markets so harsh with zombie
games that the people have to choose not
to point them so you're advocating a
trump presidency no no sneaky shit like
this happens all the time you want it
you really want to hear you go toyou god
no I've never advocated from presidency
let's see how much you like it what I'm
saying is the we need to push we need a
kick in the right direction here so we
flood the market with zombie games so
everyone is sick of zombie games that
way the business cos can can rebound
naturally ok ok that's that sounds like
a zombie game apocalypse yes that's the
point and after the apocalypse comes
comes the cleansing no Jan do this with
superhero movies they have been it's
just not working again we need to push
we need to push you can't you can't
flood the market with any more superhero
movies it's already been done didn't we
go through this it's at 60% it's already
at 60% of movies is a comic book movie
clicky click says hey Jack did you read
the sequels to wool yes they are titled
shift and dust and they are fantastic I
have I've talked about this a little bit
before where I don't think either of
them is as good as wool shift and dust
but I love the world of wool so much
that I read them and enjoyed them
but individually like neither of them
are all rights good I'm woman what was
just too perfect a book gobbledygook so
strapping Guk's Jack guy Jack I'm Jack
after watching lots of girls stream this
yesterday this yesterday as opposed to
yesterday it's this yesterday stream
this yesterday oh that makes more sense
Street likes a lot more sense well this
came out yesterday so I'm sure a lot of
people were streaming it yes
gobbledygook this yesterday I get it
rooming they visit after seeing a lot of
people stream recore yesterday is the
proper way to I think you're not playing
efficiently do the dungeons they get
tough you like wandering around
aimlessly in the open world role dog you
got a raw got a role I just did a
dungeon it was a fine dungeon I'm still
figuring it out obviously wait I didn't
want to go here I want to go to my thing
where's my where's me home
and want to go home
recruit more pimps for you says yep
there is a fantastic female fronted band
from LA called dead Sarah they are a
hard rock band with a dose of blues and
a bit of prog e eccentricity mmm I'll
send you a link on Twitter for you to
hear
that'd be great you can to to hear game
she'll do cases hi rich
hi jack and rich Evans I saw Jack with
hair and a beard in Grabowski season 3
no that's true any plans to grow back a
beard someone on reddit said I don't
like that Jack glad they replaced him
with bald Jack ha ha ha i does look
weird you can yeah you can see me with
hair and a beard on the garbowsky's you
can see me with hair with a beard on the
behind-the-scenes for the great space
gym yeah oh yeah I head well but I also
have makeup I'm sure everything the
behind the scenes of the great Space Jam
you can see me with hair would be a bunt
oh sure yeah I had a little beard in the
in the in the Phantom Menace review if
you want to see full beer oh I haven't
seen this and you you have you just
might not recognize that full beard and
longest hair you have to watch poop
again P I I play the mayor or something
I wrote it yeah it probably is not
registering with brains that's like the
second time I ever saw you write poop
again P I and poop again P I I have my
biggest beard and longest hair my hair
slicked back uh-huh
but that that is the thing that is the
video evidence that I can easily point
to as my largest beard and longest hair
I think I was the mayor yeah how's the
mayor madam says remember that one will
the worst when you guys watched the VHS
tape for dogs what I recently learned
that dogs were not capable of watching
TV until the invention invention of the
HDTV that's true what a fucking scam
wait how does this work because of the
way dogs see and back in the day tube
televisions were interlaced yeah so what
would happen is half of the screen would
show up and then a fraction second like
the other half would show up and over
and over and over again that's how old
TVs work like this yeah and because of
the way dogs eyes work they couldn't
really see anything they couldn't make
out objects and so once HD TVs and more
importantly a progressive scan showed up
dogs started watching television I read
I read an article about that I have to
look into this that's that's bizarre
isn't it that's very bizarre and so then
that that tape for dogs is a double scam
rich or well I know the scam was was
just stupidity no they didn't know the
dogs couldn't sure sure that's it mama
says come on Jurgen Klopp smite II
Liverpool Reds I read the thing none of
us said would you say that fly too is
underrated just because it doesn't have
a dark ending like the first doesn't
make it schlock I have to relaunch the
flight - I saw it when I was a kid in
the theaters and I liked it I thought
the monster was really cool but I I need
to rewatch it before I can give that a
verdict as to whether or not it holds up
I don't even think I've ever seen the
fly - yep so
yeah uh-uh yep mention they made the fly
where the fly was kind of a good guy
oh if they did yeah
oh thank you what kind of sorry oh we're
liking it it's just a different type of
movie it's not exactly the same kind of
body horror that the original is sure
no friends yes antihero yes that's the
right word
he was an antihero yeah no little friend
I have all of my friends not rich all of
my little friends come with me little
friends come with me little green flat
friend my little green friends we will
dance tour guide Nixon says I think you
missed my earlier tip also to make more
use of this tip I thought I would have
Muse you guys I thought it would amuse
you guys to know that they on ironically
showed kids sand airbags in my driver's
ed class kids sand airbags that's great
Freddie fucking Williams man he he
knocks it out of the park with those
drawings do those things like redo your
double jump yeah they recharge your
booster boots and your double jump so it
makes for interesting platforming is
that drawing he did of the decapitated
Timmy it's gold it's gold and the bearer
mmm and the bear air bag and tour guide
Nixon I probably didn't miss your tip
we're just flooded we're absolutely
flooded because we actually talked about
the things you asked in the temple it's
tough because you know we want we do we
want to like like we've probably got
about 20 tips during the South Africa
story and I'm sorry that was a long
story is a great story it's worth it I'm
glad you think so
there you are general 8/5 says if you
could marry any man any animal what
animal would each be this is enter at ET
what animal would it be a human yeah I
would prefer human I would probably
marry a human as evidenced by the fact
that I actually am going to marry a
human sure but like let's say it you
know like you had to choose a nonhuman
animal but like then blaze says get
divorced and that'd be a whole other
thing cuz I'm already married my last
tip because I just remembered you guys
should definitely check out
Owl boy that comes out in November it's
the boyhood of games it took 10 years to
make also Jack could cosplay Picard
he doesn't seem interested i oh you know
what I
I've heard about ala boy I think I wrote
that down how will boys um I've heard
about it and that's that's the best I
can do is yes I've heard about ala boy
what
where are you going dog aah
motor Arkon says jack yes um Jack since
you haven't seen the room
I have not I'll tell you my biased
interpretation of the movie is a really
bad softcore porn movie with an even
worse story that you will never
understand what I'm why our transfer
sins Wow Jack I'm Jack the guy gives you
a high five runs the UN and you even
can't be bothered to remember his name
it was so long ago and he has a strange
name I'm sorry you a heartless player
what is his name
you're not gonna tell me what son Kim I
think it's son Kim moon
knowing he didn't like he didn't he was
really apprehensive about well yeah the
strangers asking him to give him a high
five yeah yeah weird I think I had the
fuck am I supposed to go here nonsense
hey guys
all right here same old shit shiny new
goose there's a crazy rumor going around
that no one has ever been angry at Jack
how true is this please be as honest as
possible well I've never been angry at
Jack who would be angry at me it's too
easy going mano kartoffel says rich if
you had rich if you had the disguise
yourself as a creature to get on Noah's
Ark to escape divine and Alan because
you can't enter as human and you
couldn't sneak on what does what you
disguise yourself as I would murder no
up and just take his boat and fuck the
animals I just take the ones I can eat
Scottie 69 says hey guys I did the hack
fraud dear and various other fan art
retweeted by rlm hey now that I am
making a living as an artist here's five
bucks
thanks well thank you fan art is neat
turn no sorry
yes when I was weird because just sent
me just saying turn turn turn turn
smuggler 44 says hey guys what do you
think of the iron giant I just got the
new release on blu-ray and it's just as
incredible as when it came out did you
come I didn't even know it came out on
blu-ray so that gets me excited I'm
trying to a brilliant film great
documentary and the blu-ray about the
making as well whoo sounds like I'm
coming blu-ray shopping later hero Gen 6
is Jack I'm Jack the wife and Firewatch
wasn't dead she had early onset dementia
and her parents took her back to
Australia because he couldn't cope it's
still dealing with loss it is that's
right
well it wasn't it implied that and
taking responsibility to like to go be
with her right even though she's
basically gone I thought there was an
implication of death but you're right
you're absolutely right but yes the it's
still lost and it's still dealing with
change and a lot of themes a lot of good
themes it's been it's also been a while
since I've played it where's my home I
want to go home
well we get stop the stream and they
tell you what which doesn't get it
mr. ed Chiu 12 says rich every time I
see you interact with Mike I have
memories triggered by a bully like
relationship I had in high school I feel
one of this one over these days rich is
going to snap and give him a piledriver
well Mike hates me in reality it's
really bad that's really true
that's really true you guys are super
best friends who have known each other
for years and just dick around well I I
learned a long time ago anybody who was
jerk I didn't want to have anything to
do with him yeah like I was never dying
to fit in with the in crowd at school if
if person didn't like me they can go
fuck themselves
uh-huh I didn't want anything to do with
them either that's a very healthy
attitude right yeah it's lessons junior
high taught me that's good some people
don't learn
crunky says crunky hey guys I'm late
tuning in tonight
how is recore fine it's all fine like
it's it's not bad and now that I'm
playing with a controller things are
feeling a little smoother it's it's not
bad at all I don't know if it's good
okay middle of the road cut a standard
kind of boring yeah because it's so
standard it's just you know standard and
boring what the fuck that for looking at
that trailer where everything looks
standard and boring this is very
standard and boring and yeah tired sad
says do you think Kevin Smith will
commit suicide after his film after
after his films his next movie moose
Jones no I think he just doesn't give a
shit anymore
he's gonna make what he wants yep even
if it's fucked up I'm stupid and good
for him well let him make his fucked up
stupid movies let him not give a shit
about what people think good for Kevin
Smith whatever whenever somebody kills
themselves you think I had no idea
they're gonna do it well not when ever
but a lot of times like had no idea
uh-huh and that could be going on with
Kevin Smith but I I've not seen anything
that would indicate that he was super
depressed no no he's gonna do his
podcast he's gonna make his weird movies
and he's gonna defend terrible things
hahaha that's his life that's his life
that's just he's got to prove he's a
fanboy by defending all the terrible
fanboy things yep
and also Kevin Smith has a built-in
audience and he has yet to lose the
audience that will go see his movies
so he'll be fine he's not gonna make big
movies anymore but guess what big movies
are dying unless you are Disney or
Warner Brothers nobody's making big
movies anymore
or making money at big movies anymore
turn said says no need to read this
aloud but I'm going do it I think I
think deep down you know I would too now
that he's leading the national polls are
you seriously worried that Trump will
win now yes I'm seriously worried that
Trump would will win the thing is I am
also seriously worried that Hillary
Clinton could win I will we're fucked I
will gladly take the lesser of two evils
on this one gladly gladly take the
lesser of two evils because we're fucked
more if Trump wins
Killroy McCrum says hey I'm all for
being president yep don't put the chat
I'm locked on just because I said the
name trouble come on mods I know what
we're asking you to it we're asking you
to ease up and that's tough that's tough
to in your position but mama says hello
Shrek and bitch it's great to see you
both oh I get it I thought of some good
nicknames for you guys and I'm not even
gonna read them gobbly gook says great
rich in the killscreen interview you
mentioned you laughed at your driver's
ed teacher when he told when he told you
his brother directed double dragon
didn't you also fail your first driving
exam coincidence that really
the first driving exam was pure nerves
because it was a really busy day at the
DMV and I think I was waiting there for
five hours to have my dev test and I was
so frazzled by the time they actually
called date
Len flows in ski says hey guys after
watching prereq since its origin I
graduated from high school and got job
hey now I have money to give you guys
what the first bill Berg movie I watched
was Private Ryan what was yours probably
ithi it was a kid my name's samples
coming out so I just was probably et
yeah yeah the next one I saw was
probably Raiders that makes sense
although I think I think I saw Temple of
Doom before Raiders mm-hmm just cuz you
know that was the big one at the time so
yeah et then Temple of Doom for me
sorry chances more random questions
what's your favorite sushi / sashimi
salmon and albacore over here lerczak -
seafood I always like I was like eel in
minor ones kind of tastes like chocolate
dragon rolls are usually pretty great oh
oh you know what they have they have the
what are the ones that are whatever ones
have deep fried soft-shell crab in them
deep fried soft-shell crab tastes
exactly like bacon and so there's just
this big perfectly crispy crunchy pile
of what tastes like bacon inside your
sushi and it's fantastic back when I was
working at the grocery store I used to
have to clean out the the seafood
counter it was what am i one of my
duties the end of the night oh sure
every time of the you know I'm not even
not even done cleaning out the cat food
section I would have hives running up
and down like that's terrible that was
terrible
gobbledygook says ever play Star Trek
elite force it was a decent FPS back in
the day like dark forces think Neelix
shooting Borg recent gives me Gizmodo
article argues why it's the best truck
game ever I think I avoided it
specifically because if I'm gonna play a
truck game I wouldn't want it to be an
FPS interesting I'd play a Star Trek
adventure game I would play a Star Trek
tactical ship flying kind of thing maybe
a world strategy game ships take over
the universe FPS though is so on track
you know yeah I mean and especially if
you really like you know if it's just
kind of like a means to interact with
stuff yeah it's different but if you are
constantly shooting stuff then yes
that's very on track
sounded like a first contact video game
and first contact is probably my least
favorite Trek movie oh yeah yes I'm
counting Star Trek 5 and into darkness
fucking hate first contact shoot the
Borg boom-boom was the Trek movie we've
gotta shoot all the things fucking ruin
Star Trek films
there might be a great game images I I
was never interested in that I was never
interested in it for those reasons mmm
anonymous says hey rich you were saying
how you never cared to be with the cool
kids
now this is very important and everybody
in the stream needs to fucking listen up
rich equals too cool for the cool kids
was it a reference to I don't know I'm
serious that's gotta be a reference to
school for the cool is that a things
that a lyric I just think that's I think
that's just steam kind of poking fun of
you yeah being too cool for the cool
kids what we just told that I'm too good
for them it's like I don't care about
them they're assholes what do I do I
want to be friends with an asshole
mm-hmm it's kind of what more what it
was so I thought you put the core in
different robots you just build on the
pre-existing robot they fundamentally
changed the game to make it even more
dull maybe I do assume we get more
robots
cuz there's all these different slots
okay so I think this is my only my one
robot that I have right now see they
made it look like you'd be like randomly
doing this on the fly like you see a big
enemy you could put the core and the the
anime units on screen they made it look
like that bad which at least looked kind
of neat like you Oh like I like like
almost like like Kirby like I want that
enemy powers right yeah he'll be mine
for the moment yeah that would have been
fun yeah well maybe you know what maybe
we can do that later in the game I don't
know tangi ever dark says the comment
and this game looks like garbage ass
Jack can you confirm or deny C+ what's
like everything is average everything is
perfectly average the combat it's fine
it's very say me and maybe that changes
once I get
in two different areas its c-plus not
obsessed Jeff going back to Prague
eMusic froggy music you might enjoy
Ariane it's a series of concept rock
opera albums based in sort of silly
science fiction best starters are the
human equation and the final experiment
is it Eric H / or Eric burn I'm not I'm
not sure because like like like with the
Xena CH the zinc to zinc like that I'm
not sure if I'm gonna fuck this one up
I'm just gonna say Eric H burr fucking
says Jack my buddy my buddy Charlie told
me about riches
internet celebrity running resulting in
the guy's Keys getting locked in his car
outside of a restaurant
Wow do you have an odd fan running in a
story like that gamer child UK says oh
it's fine it's I've run into a few
people and you know like everybody's
been really nice like I've ran into
someone a couple of summers ago at like
a beer garden like you know I thought
you'd be here at the you know the beer
plays and that's fun though the one kind
of weird one is I was in the Atlanta
Airport very random
I was waiting with my family for a
connecting flight and we were just in
some random wing of the Atlanta Airport
and all of the sudden and I have this on
video because I happened to be recording
my boys who were lightsaber fighting
with my phone they were pretend
lightsaber fighting a very nice stranger
just gave them plastic lightsabers yeah
cuz I won these at a thing I'm not gonna
use them two boys can have them made
their month yeah so in the Atlanta
Airport and we're in this like random
wing so they could have room to
lightsaber fight and I'm recording them
thinking how cute it is that their life
they were fighting and all of a sudden
you see this guy
if I can do this correctly in my little
window like just walk and go like it he
almost snapped his neck like he saw me
in the corner of his eye and it was just
like he snapped his neck to turn around
and be like you're jack from red letter
media and I was like oh yeah hi and you
know and and he was just like okay just
want to say hey okay but like I have it
on video him just like hey why can't I
choose a different location don't get
comfortable because I'm not done for the
night I can read these last couple two
I'm going hoarse great and I got stuff
to do tomorrow you know what I can't
figure out how to teleport so I think
that's great let me find it let me get
some light on our lady there we go oh
look at that that's a perfect that's a
perfect shot to end it on I got no more
tips I officially done reading tips and
we're gonna get these last ones great
and then we're gonna end of the night
because there's my voice and I need it
to pro-gamer child UK says in a actually
why don't you read the last view
absolutely
yeah we're child you kid gamer child to
K says in a tip for last stream I said I
liked Kevin Smith's 90s movies make
review for Club clerks you fraud I'll
talk to Jay about it stuff to do
tomorrow's for the new fuckit print
click it review you jerks fucking thank
me no more free money Jesus Christ think
about the strain my voice for you if I
could people think about that people
have we finally reached a farm if you're
like and he no please man we have not
new movies man
I like hit the like others I think he
has a thing for his daughter I see some
weird things in there no I just think
he's a loving guy I don't think there's
any weird I don't think there's anything
weird about like his love of his
daughter just he's just he's a weird
emotional guy and he smokes too much pot
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard do
flash-forwards
and or flash framing devices ever work
or just destroy tension in other scenes
transcendence order 1886 etc flashbacks
are useful for character building flash
forwards are you talking about in video
games movies too many questions by
anonymous says jack rich you've worked
hard you've forged your own paths
through this labyrinth we call life
somehow you're both here by chance or
desire enjoy it take my money live that
shit thanks an animus gobbledygook s'
seen the new ben affleck batman costume
for Justice League leaked did you see it
very weird were good weird not good it's
Zack Snyder leaked did you know and
called it the tactical bat suit great
it has goggles great goggles does it
always look good that's the best bat
suit we've seen in a Batman film it
looks slightly different than that
they're messin they're mucking things up
Bridge I'm looking it up then mucking it
up people are saying reused watchman's
niteowl design ah it might be available
for DC Universe Online soo that games
for you folks thanks coupling hooks and
shadow a lead 5 says one last tip
alright now hold on I'm gonna get this
subscriber information here because I'm
sorry beefcake twitch watcher is not
working need need new one so it's like
exclamation point
subs boom open URL and and we get
through these because rich Evans thank
you throat is hurt did a lot of great
talking tonight so we need oh you know
what rich Evans is God
says hey you fucks mister shy smile for
twenty three fucking months in a row
chernobyl kinsman for seventeen months
in a row says lol hump my schlong just
this guy you know 21 fucking months in a
row another anniversary and still no
flowers nope we won't we don't we won't
send you flowers Ivan's iced zero zero
says log again
gheh giggity niggas Mangan lo gag et me
ish Mugen baby yeah girl Allah says kept
you waiting huh just in Horman 27
fucking months in a row Jesus Christ
said Justin Horman says sup tour guide
Nixon thank you for subscribing every
eight oh one twenty two fucking months
in a row says I've forgotten to unsub
for so long but still happy Thank You
Emery Chris Gaines mm welcome Kerry
Lasher says hi boys it's good to see you
dr. Harry Lime welcome here Oh Gen 6
welcome to the stream sig sig sig sig of
welcome riot cure riot crew 427 fuckin
months in a row hey guys watched your
stream tonight
from my hospital bed it kept me
distracted from the fact that I have a
catheter shoved up my oh my god Lourdes
pestis welcome to the stream huggy
snuggle for 14 months and huggy snuggle
says 14 fucking months in a row to Dax
20 fucking months in a row to doc says
my version of kuba
and the two strings is Kubo and the two
dreamers where a young boy writes
previously recorded live fanfiction how
horrifying to Dax Mario Mario 42 for 27
fucking months in a row says don't play
that game uninstall it you boring twats
don't doubt about stuff you don't like
do you know lessons of life talk about
stuff you do like twats and Mister
glitch for 22 fucking months in a row
and mr. glitch says congratulations jack
on what I'll never know but for now the
might we I actually can't do a clever
ending because the mouse is over there
they're all awkward endings Jack did you
get all tab out of the thing
hello you didn't see my desktop the
games still going I guess
okay say goodbye goodbye rich
