Jul 24, 2016
Defunct, Hand of Fate
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/83302407
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/83306278
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/757286723772710916

[Part I]
let's target my glasses were a little
miss how we do it hello everybody hello
hello welcome hi hello welcomes sis's
defunct which I saw somebody played
during summer games done quick I've
never played it myself yeah I'm probably
terrible I whatever it's fine
everything's good we need what we needed
was something a little that looked a
little mindless because there is a whole
shitload of comecon to talk about but
but stranger things I've heard really
great things about there stranger things
show rich did you watch any stranger
things I didn't watch it's a little bit
it's the one thing I would actually like
to talk about now I got to talk about a
bunch of fucking superhero shit which I
am now officially sick of the problem is
I showed my wife Lisa the trailer for
stranger things and she goes oh yeah I
would like to watch that with you and
you know when you're a couple something
there are some shows that you watch
together and so I've been waiting for us
to have a moment to watch it together
and our schedules haven't really synced
up so we haven't had a chance to watch
it all right so so what do you want to
talk about what would think with the
Comic Con there's so much Comicon to
talk about I didn't go to Comic Con
dizzy I didn't either
you know what we can start with is just
some general you don't have to go to
Comicon anymore well DC has released all
of their comic-con stuff online
immediately right after the panel
everything's online Marvel has chosen to
withhold all of their trailers from
Comic Con and I think that's the smart
decision right trigger - gravata√≠ so
tied gravitating downhill will increase
your secrete speed well gravitating up
up hill will slow you down
oh so only hit that when you're going
downhill okay characterizing in the air
will make you go faster cut great
oh whoa well this looks cool yeah
in any case I think it's you probably
want to go yeah probably want to go I
think I think does my Marvel 100%
benefits from withholding trailers one
because now they're not caught in DC's
competition right DC you know release
Justice League they released a whole
bunch of shit and now Marvel doesn't
have to fight they can release it all
this upcoming week and there's no
competition for news right right -
they're making it relevant to go to
comic-con and I just kind of stuck this
back to respawn and so it's like for DC
fans there was no real point in going to
comic-con you could have watched all
that stuff just an hour after after the
panel right and so I think Marvel's
trying to hold on to that there's a
purpose to coming to comic-con thing
there isn't there isn't just just give
us the information about the shit we're
supposed to consume but see that's what
that's what III has become is just give
us the shit right yeah that's all we
want but but I think Marvel's still
trying to make it the event
why don't we need a fuck why can't I
jump this oh maybe there's a you have to
do it in air remember I was I think
that's probably an actual jump to I need
to do okay okay okay okay so like
there's 350 million people at least in
this country yeah what few 50,000 go to
comic-con it's got to be special for
them fuck them why are you special you
loved your San Diego fuck off just just
hos about the shit we need to consume
all right now what jackass I did say I
know I know
are you not reading
hold be to use your broken engine okay
okay oh that's adorable
okay so rich let's just let's just go
down the list let's go down though you
know should we talk about some stuff
that you don't necessarily care about
first sure let's talk about Wonder Woman
so all of the things we need to talk
about all of the things so Luke Cage
using some classic wu-tang in the
trailer he's gonna beat people up sure
looks like a Netflix show a little bit
like daredevil it's not daredevil he
feels a little bit like that he's in
dark hallways it's our call is pretty
low beating people up huh it got it got
it but um yeah yeah no cage is gonna be
great a is gonna be a lot of dark
hallways could be lots criminals up got
it yeah I got it
I do wonder you know like like a problem
oh my oh I'm G riches a sexist why for
not liking o rich did you forget - um
can you go to OBS for a second oh I
think we forgot to do something
do what change the name of the game
we're playing hold on everybody thank
you for reminding me dupe and dupe and
dupe what is this game called defunct
the
like funked yep for the record what is
Jack hasn't seen it I can't talk about
it in detail while Jack is changing this
I like stranger things like that I have
some issues with it I'd like to talk
about in general I think I blame Stephen
King for this because it's very much
based on Stephen King's works it's very
very poorly paced at times oh yeah yeah
oh yeah I mean it's Stephen King is that
hey nice going this correctly I'm 90%
sure I'm not like an expert on this game
when you click on steam real quick and
you can see for sure okay let's get this
to about where I want it to be defunct
but I do not at all regret stranger
things I'd love to have a conversation
about whether or not the inevitable
second season should be an entirely new
story or not I would like to have that
conversation have that conversation with
you as well rich I'd like to discuss the
implications behind some of the things
that happened in the ending about all
these things just a nice meaty
conversation but you have a Luke Cage
four punches guys Wonder Woman ship
punches people Richie Rich is really sad
cuz you know I had time to watch a lot
of the comic-con stuff but you know
those videos are 30 seconds to
two-minute videos those are easy to
digest whereas stranger things as a
whole thing that's out way I know I know
I know you're being jokey
I am bang jokey I am baby I don't want I
do not a prick you're not a prick cause
you haven't seen stranger things
Thanks
we will we will talk about stranger
things I will I will talk to the wife I
will talk I will have a good old
conversation just this guy you know I
says I feel you on stranger things my
wife and I watched two episodes a night
four days in a row not mad just
disappointed but let's not talk about
comics though those are dumb rich was
great on review oh that's right you were
just mad max to write the road warrior
the road warrior that's great which I
don't call Mad Max so I called the road
warrior I think the world warriors much
cooler name uh yeah
yep nope where am i bringing this key
sorry I thought this is all just
straight away you go forward I don't
know I didn't know I was gonna have to
be like looking for the next area I'm
supposed to go to now it's alright but
that's okay I did I gave I sent a
suggestion of mine to Jay for a review
yeah and he didn't he didn't get back to
me
what was your suggestion all right don't
say that I won't say it just because
like if Jays like that's the stupidest
idea ever
which I assume him not getting back to
me with him saying it's the stupidest
idea ever
but I gotta give a suggestion that I
thought was worthy of a discussion that
it's a movie that a lot of people are
not talking about recently and I think
more people should be it's not blend
furious it's not blind fear I've never
seen blind fury that's your that's blind
fury is your deal it's awesome spoilers
yes you're right it's Supergirl it's
weak we already did something on
Supergirl I I cannot I can be redundant
it would be redundant it would just be
me more talking about my love of
Supergirl this is weird because I really
just want to like hold down on the gas
right right but that's not what this
game does does hopefully cleverly you
know no my idea is not for a comedy I've
talked too much already but in any case
comic-con
a lot of comic-con we got III and then
you know write it when I got here is
like oh right we should watch some of
the things I haven't watched I'm sorry I
was being a jerk sarcastically I know I
understand that you were joking yeah and
I was like oh I heard there was a
defenders teaser we should watch that
and it's it's literally just the
people's names and then defenders that
was the stupidest like why even have
that why even have the video that just
says the defenders coming soon Punishers
not on the team mic my care level has
dropped by 50% yeah but with how popular
he was he'll probably show up sure he'll
probably show up he's getting his own
show also he's not he's not really a
team player I know which is kind of why
you want him to leave he is getting his
own show right was there a teaser for
that yeah I'm sure lots of dark hallways
and beating people up but you know what
the Punishers just a fun character it'll
be dark hallways and shooting people the
dark hallways and shooting people down
with that so many hallways well always
exist in real life that's okay the Luke
Cage trailer does not look horrible I'm
just being it I was just being an
asshole I can't say I'm I'm super
excited
for Luke Cage I do find it interesting
that it looks like they have gotten rid
of the Hero for Hire aspect I saw no
implications that Luke Cage is a
mercenary anymore right well that's
where he got to start with what Luke
Cage and iron fist Heroes for Hire I am
kind of a kind of a bro comedy using old
at the at the point a movie exploitation
movie tropes right kung fu and
blaxploitation that was their things oh
Jesus
is there no way back up I'm assuming
there's no way back up yeah oh you just
had to I'm assuming wonder if you could
or maybe there's an achievement for that
you beat the story you don't get knocked
out of the ship you win the game that
was the speed on is that the speed run
you said no mercenary equals bad yeah
mercenary does have a negative
connotation to it and a black superhero
can't just be a superhero he's got a lot
of money exactly well and but to counter
that what we're going to have is here
like another tapeless street-level
superhero
cleaning up the same neighborhood of New
York and it's like the mercenary aspect
is kind of what would make it different
right we already have two shows well I
guess one show dealing with that and
another show that hopefully will deal
with that but you know daredevil all is
already doing the low-rent superhero
cleaning up four square blocks of New
York there's a lot of blocks of New York
there oh shit
it's not the same neighborhood you're
right it's four different blocks of New
York
it's Harlem instead of Hell's Kitchen
nope you're supposed to go that way I
got a line on that blue thing and think
yeah
oh no no nope nope nope nope nope nope
tried I'm gonna tried three more times
yes
I think you got a not go for that thing
that would be my instinct oh hi Saban C
like nope nope so yeah I mean obviously
we'll see we have no idea what the show
is gonna be about what the season is
gonna be about I'm gonna watch it
because I've been happy with all of the
Netflix produced Marvel stuff so we get
a little teaser of Iron Fist who's
another hero that I don't necessarily
care about David Tennant and Jessica
Jones made that made that season the
purple man David Tennant was a was Oh
God
was a great villain they like the after
the first couple episodes you know he's
not in it and I was getting a little
shaky on Jessica Jones and then he shows
up and then the purple man so he
disappears that for a while huh no I'm
saying he's not in the first couple have
you not seen Jessica Jones yet no okay
he's not in the first scene I've seen
the first episode oh okay well yeah and
you know he's not in the first episode
and I don't think he's in the second
episode either but once once he shows up
is when the show starts kicking off
using flashbacks in the first episode is
he yeah
hmm it's been a while since I've seen
him
Netflix does have some good villains I
agree
I like the kingpin I like the purple man
I know
Punisher wasn't really a villain but he
was a fun foil the the hand was not the
greatest the hand you know I haven't
seen daredevil season 2 I've seen the
first part half like third baby half
okay I never meant to get around to
finishing it I never did but you know
it's it's like they're ninjas yeah so
you know they're and they're kind of
meant to be generic I had like the first
episode of two of Elektra and I liked it
I ended up not liking her as a character
but yeah she's great well you haven't
seen the whole season yeah yeah what I
saw it was fine
sure she starts out all right she does
not end well I don't believe and I had
to be problem nope no I had a little bit
of a problem with how that season ended
in general no spoilers it's not like I
don't like ninjas I just think ninjas
are pretty generic these are awesome
yeah no ninjas are awesome I'm fucking
sorry all right I think was a cave to my
right
yes David Tennant is awesome and
broadchurch and if you guys have Netflix
you can watch both seasons of
broadchurch
which is a David Tennant detective show
and it's great it's super fantastic and
good all around it's about a small town
called broadchurch small British town
they call a mystery they got a mystery
to solve
oh we got a mystery to solve reach your
funding everybody I am offending every
single one of our British fans because
I'm doing a very poor accent a little
Michael Caine II will look at a tree
didn't they get upset the last time we
did English UK accents yeah they don't I
mean we can't do them right no no I
think it's that's funny yeah the riddle
of steal says first time I'm catching
you live in a long time what is this
it's called defunds I have no idea what
the fuck it is I stop people playing it
at summer games done quick look neat
yeah so I guess I gotta buy it we'll
talk about the fucking comic-con shit
yeah it looks like a fun game that you
can kind of do mindlessly also my
favorite black superhero is black Vulcan
especially in Harvey Birdman
first of all Harvey Birdman is the great
a great show so Harvey Birdman attorney
at law I love that show I don't know who
the black Vulcan is I'm sorry tired and
sad says the Justice League sizzle reel
went overboard with Wheaton esque quips
the Wonder Woman trailer was
surprisingly good though I really liked
the wonderful trail that got me excited
to watch The Wonder Woman movie now oh
yes I want to write that we're going to
Justice League okay Wonder Woman but I
wonder well first I feel like we might
have more to say about Joseph looks like
all the other visually it looks the same
as all of the other DC movies yes
exactly the same it looks exactly like
Man of Steel it looks exactly like
Batman vs Superman looks exactly like
the trailer for the Justice League
everything is stylized the exact same
way which I think makes it weird
I think it looks like we're gonna get a
little more color in Wonder Woman her
outfit wasn't those muted tones that we
saw even in dawn of justice but I do
think that that that look is what WB is
what Warner Brothers is kind of banking
on to differentiate themselves from the
Marvel Cinematic Universe yeah but it's
a very distinct look as distracting yeah
I think it sucks I agree but you know
for for their for their marketing
department they need to make sure that
people know that these movies are not
Marvel movies the Marvel Cinematic
Universe looks like a movie that takes
place in the Marvel Cinematic Universe
all these DC trailers look like the same
hyper stylized Superman movie you get
them again and again
yeah no I agree but the trailer looks
fun look it looks like there's gonna be
some bitch in action some bitch in
action and no that is not a sexist
remark I mean bitching has an awesome
like you can't you can't do a Sin City
Cinematic Universe and they all look the
same it's not a look that works for that
yeah yeah that's a very hilarious and
accurate point rich oh my god what are
these guys doing all my things I think
are there things dealers okay I hear
things dealers okay I just want it like
a dedicated guest button that's all I
really want
Oh Oh God I said magnetized of them
maybe this middle and maybe I can jump
up it apparently I cannot Oh Oh what am
I supposed to go what am I supposed to
do I don't know let's go there yeah okay
you can magnetizing the blue maybe but
assume
okay yes oh my god this I want to throw
up
can I throw up do it I don't do it
towards the camera but away from the
equipment oh my god that thank you a
headache any any movie you won't see
based off of the Comic Con trailer
yeah the Justice League unless I think
you are you done talking about 101 oh it
looks good I'm excited about Wonder
Woman I don't know anything about Wonder
Woman I have probably seen like the most
I know about Wonder Woman is from the
old TV show I've probably seen a few
episodes of those that's it that's all
that's all my knowledge of Wonder Woman
and like the comics I've read that sucks
that I hated I hated all of the comics
I've read of Wonder Woman oh that's a
glitch that's a--that's a bug right
there well where am I going and why am I
going there I don't know but uh the
movie got me excited to see her the
trailer got me excited to see the movie
that look is it looks like it's fun I
like the setting you know what I think I
think I'm ready for some more World War
1 setting I feel like we don't want to
we know I feel like we don't get a lot
of World War 1 all the ones fairly
boring a lot a lot of trenches of
warfare yeah could be some good stories
in there you really you really need some
some blitzkrieg to be exciting you know
what I like World War one I like like
they still had like mounted cavalry in
World War one like they still had guys
on horses fighting tanks and that's fun
that's a fun visual but I think World
War two it has anything else for about
because it was real but the Nazis are
just the coolest villain they're the
greatest enemy they're they're very
clearly evil yes there's no there's no
real gray area with the Nazis yes I
agree I agree and the technology is was
starting to get modern yeah yeah I'd
like machine
and fun things like that even the
horrible weapons of death horrible the
terms of fiction you can have some fun
World War two battles as opposed to your
more bayonet II horsey World War one bad
I like that I like I like the like World
War one had that mixture of old-school
battles with modern technology and you
know just so much death because no one
was expecting the modern technology like
like I feel like we don't get enough
World War one your if you're writing an
adventure story you know what the
wonderful thing about a Nazi is what you
can do anything to a Nazi and your
audience doesn't have to feel bad about
it like the hero can take a knife and he
can fucking scalp a Nazis face off and
the audience is gonna go yeah you can't
do that with a World War one German
soldier you're you are correct you could
you can you can you can beat a Nazis jaw
off with a baseball bat piss down his
throat and it's gonna get Jews you are
correct you know I'm gonna go out on a
limb here rich and say that Wonder Woman
isn't going for that na lop off a Nazi
throat and piss down his neck kind of
here okay okay
I'm just making a point it's a it's a
fair point but I think World War one as
a setting is overlooked a lot for the
flashy air stuff for the easier it's
been eclipsed by World War two it's been
a coaches eat the more interesting a war
for for fictional purposes because the
Nazis are great fuckin villains and for
historic purposes because we're still
feeling the fucking after-effects of
really interesting your fucking you had
the fucking bomb and the whole Middle
East situation that all came out of the
end of World War two that's a whole
thing what was it a more interesting war
or is it an easier war to write both
it's both
world war two had better graphics like
crazy World War three is going to be
very dull this is gonna be over
extremely quick World War three World
War two unequivocally the best war
unless World War three happens in like
20 years and then it'll all be drones
did you ever see uh what was that Bruce
Willis everyone has a drone Avatar movie
did you ever see that no I don't know
where I'm going by the way
yeah just roll around it's fine yeah by
the way what's so wrong about drones
people always poopoo drones drones oh
they're using drones yeah yeah the
soldiers don't have to die yeah and and
that's that's fine yeah oh no I think I
think generally speaking combat
shouldn't be fair I mean it's fucking
war I agree as long as we have the
drones I don't give a shit I think most
people's complaints with drones is
because you are so separate from the
action your Intel might not be the best
but as long as we got good Intel fuckin
yeah use whatever drones you want ok
those blue things speed me up which is
good to know oh fuck I hit a thing oh
I'm alive nice you did not die him
drones are rude you're right the off
switch that was a great speech in that
Nickelodeon Ninja Turtles
remember when Leonardo was talking about
a fair fight oh yeah they beat me and it
was a fair fight what did you lose who
cares what's a fair fight splinter
splinter words of wisdom
yes splinters words of wisdom yeah so
tired and said the the other thing with
the Justice League movie so we're done
talking about Wonder Woman now I'm
excited to see it yeah I hope I can
understand what she's saying in this
movie they're very desperate to make
Aquaman cool it's never gonna work
it's absolutely never going to work
Aquaman will
ever ever be cool even if he's a giant
muscly badass who drinks liquor straight
out the bottle he's still a dude that
swims fast way talks to fish Oh any
talks of fish to him and yes there were
the little jokes during the trailer
because they want to try to make it an
adventure movie like all the Marvel
movies and tonally it's not gonna work
just like in Batman vs Superman why what
is it about the Justice League where
they just seem silly together like I
don't know like in a way the Avengers
don't the Avengers they're they're a
natural fit and I know I know the
Justice League has been a thing for 70
years yeah but I can't help but see
those particular characters together in
a group and they feel cartoonish why are
they cartoonish there's very and the
Avengers are not there's a very simple
answer to that is because they're based
off of fucking cartoons but the Avengers
are too The Avengers are too and I know
there's a ton of tips and I swear I will
get to them we're talking about the
Justice League oh well that's not a
thing I can crash through totally look
like it maybe you need more speed or I
don't you know what I don't know where
I'm going or what I'm doing in the
suppose those purple things blow stuff
up but they feel cartoony and the jet
end the Avengers don't part part of that
is the film making the Avengers take
place in the real world they fight in
New York City right they fight in places
that we know and that lends them a
certain credibility also the filmmakers
have made their characters very
relatable something that maybe the
filmmakers of the Justice League's might
not be doing you know I think it's hard
to be relatable to a fucking alien that
can't die and a billionaire who beats up
criminals in a spare time and the
daughter of Zeus thank you
did you talk about the promotional image
while I was doing this
I am what is your thought finish your
thought so in any case I think their
characters are generally not as
relatable so then you don't really think
about them as being humanized okay and
and whereas the Avengers are humans who
live in the real world and the
filmmakers have done a good job of
humanizing them and you're saying that
that that takes away from some of the
silliness of it away from some of the
silliness and the event the Avengers has
kind of a free spirit adventure tone
right yeah and so your mind is almost
ready for silliness and so your your
expectations their characters the world
they live in all of these things are why
they seem less cartoony but the
silliness stands out more when you're
when you everything looks like a dark
and brooding funeral I said that so
there's a promotional image and I saw it
one of my fave better sob star oh we
have to stop this joint I'm real fast
around that giant starfish it's a giant
starfish that floats in the sky uncle
there's someone a whale so where was I
so there's that promotional image and
someone cut out Jove from the the
magician's guild with we demand to be
taken seriously and put them in front of
they're my favorite things I saw but
then there then they released this
promotional image of the Justice League
and it's got to flash an outfit it's got
the Aquaman with the tribe and it's got
Wonder Woman it's got Batman it's got
Superman oh wait it's got Superman
wasn't he supposed to be dead like
everyone knew he was gonna come back but
I mean he killed him in the last movie
why why do you even bother you're not
even gonna pretend you're not even
pretend it meant anything that's the
thing just if it doesn't mean anything
if they're you're already promoting that
he's alive in the fucking poster is it
gonna be a big deal in the movie is that
gonna be like a big reveal moment moment
we fucking know he's on the poster we
know he's alive
fuck you fuck you nothing you do there's
nothing you can do they're just they're
terrible at their jobs and they're gonna
make garbage and there's gonna be those
those awful awful DC fanboys that will
that will you know say you stop sucking
on morville dick do you know DC movies
deserve a place to and it's like they're
just bad fucking movies they don't know
what the fuck they don't they don't know
what to do no rich they just don't know
what the fuck to do look like well he
died he just also right and they had
that little teaser thing spoiler alert
for the end of dawn of Justice you know
they had that little like coffin shake
thing everyone and every when he died in
the movie every single person in that
theater
knew he wasn't gonna stay dead because
because it's the first fucking movie of
their universe exactly and so it was a
dumb thing to put in in the first place
but at least give your audience some
credibility like make it a big deal that
he's coming back don't put him on the
poster fuck sorry I've missed a ton of
tips I'm I will get there let's see here
evening folks from this time it's lupus
the actress who played Jessica Jones was
in Veronica Mars as the super preppy
bimbo and I just cannot unsee that now
oh that's really funny also the overall
grim dark atmosphere is a huge turnoff
for me of Jessica Jones
I think it's quality that's quality
story finish it the first like it was
rough for me for the first like three
episodes I want to say but then but by
the time you get to Episode four it is
fantastic why I really am a tenant's
there go finish your face
well once David Tennant is a mainstay
it's really fantastic I really enjoyed
the comics but I just think I'm bored of
all things superhero yeah I guess I
could see that they're everywhere I'm
done I'm done it's been how long since
fucking Ironman came out a long time
sixteen years this ship but I like it I
give it a strong recommendation really
really fantastic let's see here
anonymous says how much of a tip do you
to get you to tell us
movie you suggested today no I'm I want
to hold it in because you know I think
it's it's more fun if you uh if you just
see the new episode and then see the
title you know yeah it's more fun that
way so I'm not gonna I'm not gonna tell
you what movie I suggested today and in
case in case he makes fun of me for
suggesting that movie I don't want to
chat saying eight years it feels like 16
I remain was 2,000 wait wait wait Iron
Man was not 2000 Iron Man did not come
on Spider Man it was 2001 yeah yeah get
it together I know it hasn't been too
long but Iron Man came out in 2008 same
with the Dark Knight is what they're
saying whoa grinding rails rich let's
see here Laurie Pete says have you seen
the Star Trek
have you seen Star Trek beyond no not
yet I'll probably see it with Karen when
she's up here next week just coming up
here next week for good
that's great tell me what you know so go
see it yeah I want to see - I want to
see it - I have not seen it either
because I had a busy weekend I had a
busy weekend not watching stranger
things so just at home watching anything
else but stranger things
Lloyd Beach says it's dog ship wrapped
in vomit dipped in diarrhea I could not
believe how unbelievably awful was Star
Trek beyond I I have heard people say
it's good I have also heard people say
it's bad and I've also heard people say
it's kind of so-so that's all I got for
you
okay I know nothing I the first one the
first movie I enjoyed I thought it was
just fine except for a couple too many
wink nods the second movie I thought was
horrible
I hear McCoy actually has something to
do when this woman oh that could be fun
oh that was a mistake well I put a ramp
there he fuckers
the riddle of Steel says black Vulcan is
the black electricity powered superhero
who constantly insists his name is just
Vulcan but all the white characters keep
calling him that's great Harvey Birdman
attorney a lot fucking love that movie
have you seen that I have to watch it oh
my god it's so great early Adult Swim
show you know they did some good stuff
early on they did some great stuff I
fuckin love Harvey Birdman attorney in
law
gobbledygook says if you guys are
talking about World War 1 can you
comment on battlefield 1 it's a video
game
there's also I've never won parently jag
sped thing here oh no I was just
thinking I and you know what I've this
all started with battlefield 1 I've seen
some promotional material for
battlefield 1 I've never played any of
the battlefield game so I don't really
care about it but it looked like a
really interesting setting and then I
was watching a video and some guy was
was commenting on all the stuff that's
gonna be in battlefield 1 and I said oh
this is some stuff that I don't see very
often maybe some horses versus tanks
that's neat having this neat I don't
know if battlefield ones gonna be any
good but I think I think it's a setting
that that is underused you'd love this
Jack because I don't know where the fuck
I'm supposed to go oh good yeah
oh also gobbledygook says there's also a
lot of Wonder Woman stuff in DC Universe
Online for the ps4 and it's for you Fox
thanks God lyrics from only-child hijack
if you like World War 1 you should read
the book by the blood of heroes it's an
alternate history zombie steampunk book
and is amazing
makes me think first thing I think of
when I hear zombie steampunk is World
War 1 yeah yeah oh well there you go
there's a zombie Red Baron what hold on
I'm writing that down that sounds that
sounds like it could be interesting when
is it called again by the blood of
heroes let me write that down in my
little write write things down thing I
am so fucking hot I rode my bike here
today and that was probably a mistake it
was 96 degrees out when I left the blood
of heroes great thank you for the
recommendation aimless Corsair says
although I agree with rich that world
war 2 can be more fun however I'd argue
world war 1 is also very interesting to
do to it being just a massive political
clusterfuck and trench warfare
so horrible yeah there was no good
reason for world World War II it was the
war to end all wars rich accepted never
failed horribly attending all wars nice
she's in it she's in it
oh I hate doing that the real van says
Jack you should check out the hardcore
history podcast there's a six-part
series on world war one called blueprint
for the apocalypse
and talks about all the ways rich is
incredibly wrong about world war on that
one ant bite me the hardcore history
okay I'm writing that down
hardcore history sorry I don't like your
pet war world war one pod cast thank you
for the recommendation which doesn't
like rich things boy she hates where
water enriched only loves Nazis the blue
fuck you you are the one who said Nazis
are because I hate them you're right
they're cool because I hate them please
make that clear rich hates Nazis Nazis
are the perfect villain you know these
people spread this shit around I know I
know
Nazis are the perfect villain rich
they're horrible monsters and they all
wear the same uniform so you know
they're horrible monsters and you can
see them from great distances the blue
blazes hi guys would you mind plugging
the vine sauce charity stream they're
raising money for PCRF for the rest of
tonight just tell them to go to vine
sauce dot-com and donate I would really
appreciate a bullshit you don't have
that thing to that charity yeah go go to
vine sauce dot-com and they're doing
something for charity its first I've
heard of it I guess that's all hey you
know your tip does he gave us the money
so now give him some money it's great
lord velmont says the nazis were
terrible
needless to say but regular German
soldiers were victims too World War one
was a complete atrocity despite that
looking forward to battlefield one you
and drone save lives
drones do save lives yeah they save
soldiers lives absolutely um I'm Pro
drone
yeah I'm Pro job I'm damaged I'm drowned
I'm done with the sickness
the off switch says world war ii was
like fury road the war the road warrior
both our excellent wars but world war
two just kind of makes World War one
redundant I was that go fast juice I
also expect a poorly thought-out reboot
soon oh oh my god all right well this
was that coming I I got distracted when
I discovered this blue water makes you
go really fast which just drowns you
right that's cool
I think they're just making a joke that
World War one was like the the exciting
sequel or World War two was the
unexcited sequel to World War one that
was the joke uh let's see here
tired and sad says Joss Whedon lunch
meant once meant chind that Batman
doesn't belong in the Justice League
because he is a Marvel character a
grounded human hero in a group of
demigods like Superman and Wonder Woman
Batman is not a grounded human hero
Batman is uh I kind of kind of Boba Fett
badass because of the fans
Batman is this iconic Boba Fett badass
you know Batman can beat anyone with
enough preparation time is one of the is
the thing I absolutely hate as a comic
book fan this even even even with
superpowers spider-man is a more
realistic character character than
Batman absolutely I don't I don't know
the Batman psychology makes much sense I
know the Batman ever could happen
despite the fact that he doesn't have
superpowers yeah I mean no he's he's a
complete and utter sociopath you could
take you could take 100,000 billionaires
okay
billionaire children make them orphans
zero percent of them would become
anything even remotely resembling Batman
you'd probably have like ninety nine
percent which is like turn to alcohol
and partying yep yeah drowning their
sorrows sure all those have mental
problems
we have some doing the thing that Batman
should be doing which is giving back to
the community
yeah it's all he's also he's a rich
billionaire he's also the best athlete
that's ever existed he's also the most
genius II genius that's ever existed
he's the detect and he's the best
scientist thing that has ever ninja he's
fucking new bring Batman is Neil Breen
before we knew what Breen was Batman was
him Batman is not a real person in any
way no he he shuns his his his human
identity and he identifies with the the
superhero iconic person
yeah totally not a Marvel character no
because Marvel characters have lives
outside of being heroes that actually
make them interesting yes applause yes
beat up anybody's Batman no he's totally
not a Marvel hero that is most incorrect
thing I've ever heard mate you know like
who someone suggested that I read um
Moon Knight
have you read Moon Knight is basically
is Batman in the Marvel Man in the
Marvel Universe have you ever read he's
one of the least popular characters cuz
he's not really a great Marvel character
well there we go that's you know telecon
says jack and rich with Sony and Warner
Brothers films tanking do you think
there will be a collapse in the film
industry and Disney will have a monopoly
on the market the film industry is
already collapsing everyone knows this
you'll probably just see it change it's
what we're going to get is something
better we're gonna get a bunch more
low-budget stuff yeah made by people who
care about making it come directly to
video on-demand where everyone's
watching it anyway there will still be a
few big studios putting out big movies
and theaters but it the theater movie
the big blockbuster is dying and I think
we should be okay with that
is it dying huh is it dying they seem to
be making their money back I suppose
maybe even even big blockbusters aren't
dying just the every other movie is even
ghostbusters is gonna break even yeah
well maybe I think they know what
they're doing because Hollywood
Hollywood isn't run by artists Hollywood
is run by bean counters right they they
care about making a profit they're gonna
they're gonna they're gonna at least
break even
most of these even these failures
because the global market is so huge
yeah but girl did he get released in
China cuz the ghost thing right yeah
okay but so cost 150 million dollars to
make sure 140 156 little where the range
is about a hundred and fifty million
yeah and then you put an equal amount
into advertising they didn't put an
equal about advertise they fucking did
the Ghostbusters was fuckin everywhere
no Ghostbusters was they have nowhere
yeah you know where it was product
tie-ins that they got money for Twinkie
licenses high C licenses that help pay
for the movie you angry angry articles
on salon.com about how a misogynist
don't like Ghostbusters didn't pay for
that they didn't pay for that no they
didn't say I'm gonna say they hardly
spent anything on the fucking
advertising what it cost them to release
the trailer on their own YouTube channel
I'm gonna say I'm gonna say that the
advertising for this relatively speaking
next to nothing oh I don't know the rule
of thumb for any major movie is they
spent almost the budget effort where do
they spend them where where TV spots I
don't watch my own right
what are many of course they're
everywhere TV spots posters spacio is
like you know you get your celebrity on
this you do know there's there
everywhere it's a drop in the bucket
drop in the fucking bucket
especially when you're like t-shirts and
licenses
that's all advertising that's all
advertising they're making money off of
I don't know
toys that are being sold there they're
making money off of that
so the advertising I'm gonna say fairly
low so hundred fifty million suspended
some advertising not that much in the
grant and the grand scheme of things
opening weekend what was it a like 46
million yeah maybe it'll get to a
hundred million domestic maybe then add
on some DVD sales which will be foreign
which is gonna be really low for this
one because it's China but this is I'm
gonna make 30 million overseas so you
got 130 and then you're gonna have you
know DVDs and and Netflix and streaming
they're gonna make the money back
they're gonna break even the night then
are gangbusters they're gonna be they're
not gonna oh we're raking in all this
money but they're not going broke on
that - two weeks in is it enough to
break even is the question I'm not
saying it's a spectacular success it's
not a success by any means I'm flattered
wow this is impressive no so production
budget I'll give you some numbers yeah
production budget from box office mojo
right now a production budget was 144
million yeah let's be conservative right
and let's just round up to 200 million
let's say they spent 60 million on
advertising I'm sure I think I think
they spent one more no but let's just
round up to 200 million mm-hm
total worldwide gross is 122 million I
don't in general they spend a lot on
adverts
I don't think they did for this I don't
think they did I don't think they this
was a huge movie for them I have a
feeling that once once the trailer got
it's horrible reaction they took their
foot off the gas with advertising night
that you do you have no idea how
businesspeople work I think
they then spent more money on
advertising people you just want this
movie to fail they they want to believe
this movie is a complete failure there's
a failure but it's not a they're losing
money on it
it's not the kind of profit marketing
that would make them happy yeah that's
it so worse that we're saying
conservatively they spent 200 million
yes so far worldwide they've made a
hundred and twenty million they're on
the road are on the road make it back
they're on the road to make it back and
with DVD sales
they'll probably maybe break-even ish
how am I wrong because you don't run a
business by breaking even you run a
business by making a profit yeah but
they're gonna make others they're gonna
make other movies that aren't gonna do
is bad yes but this was a big one what
I'm saying is even the movies that we
think are horrible flops yeah they're
not taking a loss on that obviously
something like like the Lone Ranger that
was probably a pretty big loss what was
what was the Mars one chronicles of no
the Martian that made money they're the
fantasy Mars one with the the Conan like
guy Oh John John yeah yeah I can't
fucking remember even though yeah that
was a John Carter John Carter Thank You
Tiberius Kirk that was a bomb they're
gonna loot that that's something you
lose money on but I think in general
these superhero films even the ones that
are lukewarm I mean when you do get the
hip you win big
of course I I don't think I don't think
this model is gonna go away anytime soon
ghostbusters should have been
ghostbusters Sony was counting on to be
a big hit yeah I think there are moves
they take risks on and I think in their
head ghostbusters should have been a big
hit they were expecting money from
ghostbusters and they might not get it
right that's a big loss I so to get to
like to bring it all around I still
think we will see the big blockbusters
and theaters but I think everything else
is coming to video-on-demand I think I
think theaters are gonna start to be
what what stage is used to be as they're
gonna be they're gonna become a small
niche market as long as shit like Star
Wars comes along every now and then it
makes a billion dollars
Studios are still gonna gamble with that
200 million I'm making a billion dollars
all right it did work we broke even but
a baby would have made a billion maybe
maybe next time we'll find a property
that will make a billion but like break
breaking even is death to them you're
talking about people who employ
thousands of people with giant salaries
I'm not saying I'm not saying they're
happy about it I'm saying as long as the
potential is there they will make a
billion dollars they'll probably keep
trying all right we're done talking
about Ghostbusters now the chitchat is
asking us to stop talking about
Ghostbusters mammals well we're really
not well yeah we're just talking about
like in general how it works or how we
think it works
we obviously have no idea blue that's
neat all right I like it game is making
me borderline motion sick do you want me
to play for a little bit can you can you
not look at it you read the chat you
read the chat now so how do is it just
the trigger just the trigger when you're
going down sugar when you go downhill
you go down faster once you hit the
trigger when you're in the air B is like
a slow little motor okay is jump and why
is the magnet boots okay I'll figure
this out okay so where were we Justice
League we were talking about the Justice
League movie the Justice League trailer
Aquaman sucks
that's where we were well then nobody is
ever gonna make Aquaman cool it's just
never going to they they try they got
they got the fucking king of the horse
people
this giant bulking badass can you ride
those those blue glowy leg lines those
ropes maybe I'm trying to look oh there
is I'm looking for I assume there was
another one to hit there's another one
over here and they turned him into a
hard-drinking son of a bitch and still
no one is gonna care still no one is
gonna care about Aquaman here here's my
problem right off the bat yeah
Barry Allen yeah as people know I am in
general if
of the flash TV show uh-huh I think it's
really fun I think it's kind of you know
kind of dorky kind of cheesy kind of
corny but I think they play it right
here well well there there flash is kind
of funny kind of cheesy kind of corny
uh-huh and the flash is this popular
show right now and their Flash is very
similar to the show flash and isn't that
kind of a kick in the nuts to the show
yeah well I don't know what they're
thinking is there kind of a kick in the
nuts all the fans who watch the show
since they're so desperate to build a
cinematic universe it seems like a
really dumb not to include the TV flash
which is somewhat successful right but
hey their money if their failed
cinematic universe if I were them if I
were the producers of the flash TV show
yeah I would just be happy that you're
not gonna fail you're not dead you're
not gonna go down with this ship is then
then the cinematic you know universe
crashes and they want to reboot it what
the fuck does TV show flash do doesn't
have like crisis on infinite universes
there there are they're already doing
fucking flashpoint are they yeah
the TV show yeah and I'm so fucking I'm
so over it already
why does DC like actively hate
continuity not that Marvel loves it
anymore it's it's the inherent problem
with comic books which is they it's a
it's a long-form medium and so different
writers are gonna take over and want to
change the characters in different ways
and different editorial staff is gonna
want to change the characters in
different ways and everyone's gonna fuck
around with the thing that you like and
why are they fucking around with it just
to fuck around with it where am I
looking I'm looking away from this TV
because this game was real literally
it's starting to make me motion sick
that's I'm that's that's a real shame
rich I'm sorry yeah and I'm yeah I'm
trying to to do this thing here I don't
know exactly how to get up here Chad I
was not a fan of Valiant Comics back in
the day I'd read a few of them I kind of
regret that now I should have given
Valiant
in hindsight now that I kind of read
about the valiant universe years after
the fact I probably would have enjoyed
him the new villain is really good
doesn't really recommend it because I'm
actually a big fan of Jim shooter no you
know it's he's an editor but he entered
he was in charge of some type
continuities that Jim shooter I am
really digging the valiant that I've
been reading lately
Harbinger then the new Harbinger is just
fucking phenomenal mm-hmm
because I got that like comiXology
unlimited thing I've been able to reach
thank you I've been able to read a whole
bunch of that I actually had now I've
had to buy books because they they they
scammed me into buying books didn't scam
me that was part of their business model
I'm sure Jesus Christ Rich don't look at
the screen I'm not I'm deliberately not
looking at the screen that's why I
turned myself the other way because some
yeah some fast shit is going down
oh I get it and I get what I'm supposed
to do here
good dududu now I gotta get this thing
going Harbinger is great Harvey I'm not
done reading tips by the way I did not
catch up fully reading tips if you would
like to oh oh sure where did you leave
off oh god no fucking idea oh my god no
fucking idea yep well that's bad I'm no
help to you rich I'm very sorry
I remember this regular soldiers were
victims too for World War 1 World War
two okay mmm did you read this when
world war ii was like fury road to road
warrior did you read that one that was
though yeah you should read that one I
think that one was for you okay the off
switch says world war ii was like fury
road to road warrior both are excellent
wars but world war two just kind of
makes World War one redundant also
expect a poorly thought of reboot soon
thought out huh I'm assuming how was
meant it was a you missing him in
thought odd a thirteenth route maybe
it's Canadian for a second I thought
maybe you meant of but didn't make sense
in the context everything it was thought
it who'd thought eat rich it was bones
okay but read that one collapse to the
film industry okay okay I think it might
be the last one we actually did because
we talked about that for a while okay
the Rudolf steel says do you think rich
would enjoy Jessica Jones and purple man
because of the hypnosis callbacks hey I
love rich callbacks it's terrible that's
term well nobody does is hypnosis I
think it's just flat-out mind control
yeah
so till I get your callback though I get
it your prick poke Alex in the eye this
is Jack yeah subject filmmaking opinion
okay would a dark and depressing tone in
a Superman movie work better if it
starts uh if it starts to become more
colorful and upbeat after Superman
reveals himself or is that too on the
nose
well there's nothing wrong with being
fuckin on the nose you just you know if
you're if you're gonna be on the nose
just don't pretend like you're being
subtle like fucking Zack Snyder
that's what Zack Snyder is Zack Snyder
likes to pretend he's being artsy and
creative when he's just being on the
nose no that would be fine that would be
that would anything like super Superman
should just shouldn't be dark and gritty
he's fucking Superman juicy Shaq lead
I'm just not reading that go fuck
yourself there you go that's fine okay
that's fair that's fair
deaqon I can't breathe any decon decon
twitch says hi guys greetings from
Brazil hello have you seen any Brazilian
movie or music
I think City of God is the most popular
be our movie Brazil in the u.s. a great
movie love your work thank you very much
um not not specifically at least not
anything I'm aware is Brazilian I
haven't even seen the the movie Brazil
which isn't Brazilian so but I'm I'm an
uncultured swine I kind of love that
though rich I haven't even seen Brazil
which has nothing to do with Brazil
that's great Shemp says well I agree
that Marvel makes better films in DC I
feel Marvel makes passable action movies
that will be forgotten in time do you
think any of the Marvel movies will be
considered classic hmm I consider Iron
Man a classic but not for the action for
the the technology developing stuff is
all very interesting and he's a very
interesting character but yeah you might
be right about that huh
they're good action films though let me
remember does good action films maybe
not as anything special for the most
part ah you know it'll it'll be--it'll
because it's so big it'll be a footnote
I mean Winter Soldier that's a damn good
action film that's a damn good action
film
am I going that's fine
damn fine action film rich damn fine
action film uh you know it'll be
remembered for its footnote of like hey
remember that one time where comic book
movies were fucking everywhere
well will you remember many individual
Marvel movies or will it just be
remembered as do you remember that era
when they made nothing but superhero
movies oh sure maybe maybe but maybe
they look they're going for well any of
the individual movies have a similar
feel twenty years down the road will any
of them be remembered specifically will
they stand out or will it just be that
era oh that's a good question maybe
maybe just that era but maybe that's
what they were going for non jela moans
and I think I'm saying that right you're
all your names are all weird tonight god
damn it get scab it says bridge of birds
is a book about two Chinese guys trying
to cure villager kids of poison it's one
of the best fantasy novels ever and
right up your alley
check it's funny sad dark and
heartwarming bridge of birds bridge of
birds I love it I need a new book to
read right now bridge of birds done put
it in there thank you I appreciate the
suggestions we nonnamous says everything
you guys say about Batman is why I enjoy
a lot of Nightwing runs he's Batman
without the extreme psychosis that's
what I've heard that Nightwing is the
spider-man
you know he's what's kind of Batman
Beyond - that was the spider-man Batman
yeah yeah yeah you probably you would
like Batman Beyond I don't seem that
much of it but I know you would like I
saw a bit of a Batman Beyond when I was
on Oh God and you know yeah I liked a
bit of it and then they go on to say
dick Grayson's run as Batman was one of
the best Batman runs Oh
similar I like I don't say I don't hate
Batman he's my second favorite superhero
I like his iconic status hmm he's not a
realistic human being but he's a fun
character ya know I like him oh yeah you
know what he's a here's what here's what
I'll give you about Batman he is a very
fun character in small doses mm-hmm I
think the more you look at Batman the
more flaws he has as a character because
of his inhumanity
that's a fence so you know I will I will
like half agree with you is what I'll
say here I'm saying he's interesting
because of that yeah he's not he's not
relatable character he's not supposed to
be right which is why like I'm okay with
it in small doses but like I don't know
if I could just read a Batman book it's
not about how will will Batman prevail
it's what what what kind of insane
badass thing does he obviously going to
do I am James it says James dead the
rumor is that Ghostbusters had a 100
million advertising budget okay okay it
doesn't feel like they spent that much
because I can't think of hardly any damn
ads yeah but you're not you don't watch
TV and team weigh-ins are fucking
expense why would you even bother why
would you even bother cuz anymore that's
what they do rich nobody gives a shit
nobody watches TV oh right I'm not
supposed to do I'm not a millennial and
I don't watch TV Millennials watch even
less everyone watches everyone watch
watches fucking YouTube videos and the
trailer got like 30 million 35 million
free hits that make that Sony made
advertising money off that YouTube video
it seems it seems moronic to spend a
hundred million dollars on TV
advertisements moronic yes especially if
your core audience doesn't really watch
that much TV if you're maybe if you're
doing like on Golden Pond remake
Goldin the movie about the elderly
people falling in love
uh-huh where'd you get that where is
that reference what I'm saying is where
where is this 100 million dollars going
billboards TV ads so why would you
bother with all that ineffective shit
cost cost ineffective idiotic idiotic
the Ghostbusters name and YouTube video
was really all the advertising money
they needed all they needed I feel like
I can get this but apparently I can't
I just don't I'm not I'm not getting a
firm grasp on on how this works rich I
mean with all the fucking controversy
what they have the advertising they
needed which was all the fucking the
Twitter hashtags right that's what you
need for advertising and they had it you
don't need to spend a hundred million
and if they did then they're just
fucking idiots I think everyone agrees
that they're bad business people I think
everyone agrees on that rich aimless
Corsairs is sorry to keep going on about
it but I guess I like discussing
atrocities Jack yeah you should check
out the film oh what a lovely war it's a
musical black comedy about the horrors
of World War one oh okay I guess I like
atrocities tired and sad says we're
living in the police academy equation
Independence Day to Batman vs Superman
ghostbusters Ninja Turtles struggled to
make a solid profit to justify the
franchise's escalating costs yeah okay
yeah but there are other there are other
big-budget films that work well good
it's been a shitty year I would say like
nobody problem with the ghosts with
Ninja Turtles wasn't that it was a
expensive blockbuster to make it's a
problem that promised nobody gave a shit
and you know it wasn't exactly a beloved
movie the first one I I bet that movie
made money Michael Bay is really good at
making sure sure I bet that movie made
its money back he did not spend shit on
that how much does Megan Fox cost
nowadays nothing Independence Day to
probably about eighteen years too late
oh god that one I'm sure was the tank
that was that was the biggest problem
there yeah Batman vs Superman
financially successful
ah yeah they justified its cost I'm sure
possibly Wow hey you fuck then again
what do they spend on Batman vs.
Superman
oh that one they spent like a billion
dollars on that maybe not so much she
spent so much fuck but that's that's
there that's that's that's spending an
idiotic amount of money
yeah that's spending too damn much you
can still make a blockbuster I think
without spending five hundred million
dollars what would see I think there I
still think that they're learning that
like their Hollywood is still going off
of an old system of like you need these
people in this movie to make money and
you know there's a much simpler system
which is just make a good movie and then
everyone will want to see it but they
don't care about that their wheelers and
dealers range I will say the other they
are spending too much yeah but it'd be
counting on that China money boom yeah
well now they are fuck yeah well that
was a whole reason that um the second
Avengers movie they shot a bunch of shit
in China mm-hmm or in Korea because if
you shoot there they give you like
preferential treatment as far as your
movie getting shown there so they they
like went out of their way to like have
a character based out of there
I'm not fixated on money today Chad it's
just the conversation we're having is
about how effective is the current
Hollywood system rich and I like will it
change and how will it change and
somebody said they think that the
Hollywood's current system is about to
collapse and I'm I think it I'm just not
convinced I don't think they're losing
enough money you know what collapse
doesn't mean it's gonna be gone forever
what it means is we're gonna see only
blockbusters and theaters and everything
else is going to come to a small screen
which is something by the way that I
would like I want I want first-run
movies to be
on Netflix and you know be
video-on-demand because that's where I
watch movies now I rarely get out to the
theaters because I'm a busy guy and I
got kids the blue blaze says one
question I've had since review started
was well the first review with you and
Jack be of a video game movie like the
Super Mario Brothers movie almost
certainly not almost certainly I don't
give a shit about any video game movies
I don't even give a shit when they adapt
it like if I hear they're adapting a
video game I like into a movie I don't
give a shit I'd probably rather just
play the video game there's absolutely
no video game movie that I care about
yeah
and I'll double down on that I love that
on average no I don't it'll just be a
movie that rich and I happen to have
something to say about yeah like the
road warrior I was thinking about the
road warrior where I think I said in the
review was comparing it to fury road how
does how does his robe warrior look in
hindsight I'm just thinking about road
warrior mm-hmm and I know Jay likes the
road warrior and I thought Nobby would
be a good review would be good happy to
talk about Jay that was Jay because I
know he likes the road warrior that's
how that came about
yep just that easy sometimes so there's
a movie I'm thinking about that I know
Jack likes yeah it has things to say
about that I would suggest it but it's
not gonna be a video game Buffy because
you know we're the video game guys
because we're the video games guys we
probably would hate a video game he's
more my other account is a Porsche says
hi guys our ulema should do a best of
the worst of the best a best of the
worst of high budget flops has rich
tried a AV Belkin and 520 te or a Razer
Nostromo instead of his numpad the flash
was filmed in my high school sfuo that's
a number of different questions
and I'm not familiar with the the also
what I've never is the pant you're
thinking about the one that has like the
thing you put your palm on and there's
like two rows of keys yeah and then uh I
haven't I haven't tried one of those I
do have some kind of thing I think they
call it the wolf or or something like
that it's like a around a giant round
keep AB like WASD in the middle but I my
number pad works just fine and it's it's
smaller and more portable it's got some
kind of goofy like a fancy that it
really needs because it's extreme as far
as a high profile flops on best of the
worst
maybe we talked about I want to say one
of the suggestions we gave like early on
was um was like the early attempt at
comic book movies like shadow phantom
and like something like steal and we
just kept on finding better movies to
watch here's what works here's how it
goes here's how it goes down the best of
the worst oh you're about to give some
insider information here right every
single time every time we come up with
like a list ahead of time of like things
that would be good pairings yeah well
you know someday we could watch super
brothers mess the universe and this
together we we never end up doing it I
never ever it always ends up like the
day before or the day of we're looking
at the shelf and we just pick out movies
then yep always always every single
fucking time we have made in the past we
have all we all sat down and spent an
afternoon just making lists of three
movies that would go together that we
have never used I want to say we made
like 10 episodes worth of like we have
10 episodes that we can shoot with these
movies never used it not a single one of
them not a single one of them and I
don't know why it's just you know like
that's just how it works apparently
just how it works
the reel of Steel says rich usually have
a stoic and thorny exterior why do these
hypnosis jokes seem to get to you when
nothing else does thank you for reading
the tip I know purple man uses
pheromones here's here's the thing what
that's how I nobody wants to be
associated with rape that's true that's
really true even rapists don't want to
be associated with right yes they try to
hide that fact so your joke is haha
rich would like the rape hypnosis thing
right right thanks a lot asshole
but I bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet
that uh yeah what I think about Justice
League there's something else you wanna
say about Justice League you just
fucking say it
do we fucking care
no I had nothing else like I'm I'm just
you know comic I enjoy comic books I
love art and stories and when they come
together it's it's just butter right and
as I have said many times we are coming
to a point in the comic book movies
where fans of comic books are gonna stop
fuck too big too big well are gonna
start to fall off because this is what's
happening in movies is why people
stopped reading comics you have multiple
continuities now we have a couple
flashes right we've got TV flash we got
movie flash you you have stories that
are getting a little too bloated for
their own good you have directors taking
over characters and trying to do
different things with them the movies
are running into the same problems that
comic books themselves have run into so
I believe we are coming to like the
natural conclusion of the comic book
movie era
well Marvel still has a strong editor
editor in chief in charge that's a good
way to put it right yeah as long as
Marvel has Fei Jie when he's gone maybe
it starts to fall apart
I've heard some fantastic things about
Ragnarok did you oh did you see that no
they they unveiled at Comic Con The Hulk
Viking battle on it ok so so your your
World War Hulk is that ok Hulk is
getting his Viking battle armor mike is
probably more enthusiastic about that
idea that man nothing right now that I
hate the idea all right
I've never actually even read wolveroach
I'm just familiar with it oh ok ok but I
described it to Mike and he was like
that sounds fucking awesome yeah you
know what we got a I think we got to
start getting a little
weirder with our comic book movies we're
getting there I still have yet to
re-watch I don't think it's come out on
DVD yet Winter Soldier Part 2 / The
Avengers Civil War I keep thinking back
to that and like keep being smiled Lee
disappointed Jacqueline says Stewart
blend you gotta wait for this message to
pop up to go away okay
oh god I gotta scroll down I'll read it
the second dammit rich and Zack do you
think that 50 or 60 years down the road
people will look fondly on the superhero
movie era just today like the old noir
movies if 30s or 40s time will tell it's
possible I cannot I cannot predict the
future
at this rate there's still gonna be
fucking making them right you know it's
it's it always goes in waves
always and forever it will go in waves
they come out and they're big and then
we're gonna go through a wave where
everyone hates them this has been a wave
since spider-man in 2001 it's been it's
been a 15 year long wave yeah that's
what happens that's more than a wave
that's what happens sometimes no but now
we're already getting into the anti wave
right we're already getting into the
wave of people are we sick with it I I'm
getting there but I think we're at the
start of it yeah they're still making
money huh how much wages Civil War make
again you can't say that when some were
still like the biggest blockbuster of
the year you can't say that until they
stop making the money right even though
you won't you might be sick of it well
but this is how this is not working I'm
not sick of it yet I love superbe you
know then it's it's the wave is still
strong no but in the the sentiment can I
not get up there is that how that's work
I guess not I guess I just can't get up
there the the sentiment has already
started I think of people being sick of
it where's the last finger
over here
I believe the sentiment is starting I
really enjoy superhero shit I'm digging
I'm digging I'm a fan of fantasy
empowerment oh the music just kicked up
fridge Anonymous's hi guys hi
there's a girl at work that I'm starting
to like good but my last relationship
ended really badly now and I'm nervous
to open up with someone new any advice
on how to move on from a really bad
breakup
just time I'm gonna be honest I've never
had one oh yeah yeah yeah it's just time
also be really careful about dating
someone you work with man like you got
to think about that because if you break
up with that person you still got to see
him here's here's an odd bridge heavens
fact carrot Karen yeah is the first real
relationship I've ever been in really
yeah
that is an odd rich Evans fact yeah all
right I mean that's fine that's fine
it's best for some people that's all
they need I mean I had a head crushes on
other girls like that but not like a
relationship not like dating oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah I've had a few obviously
not many because I mean I dated Lisa in
high school a button
I've had a few uh Lisa and I dated off
and on and so I had a few before and
after and you've got to be really
careful about dating someone you work
with man if that if if if that
relationship even goes a little bit
south you got to see that person and
that person knows that you know you're
into weird but stuff or whatever like
that that's gonna go all around the
office or wherever you work darwin's say
but you can save rich didn't live life i
i i i would prefer to say that i I knew
what I was looking for yeah that's some
people that's all I need
I didn't want to sleep around I had a
couple of opportunities Oh didn't take
them rich you man or drug Lyndon says
Jack yes I'm Jack a World War one
suggestion for you okay read up about
the Battle of mixture Hank of this right
jet hland gentlemen it is the biggest
battleship battle ever even even World
War two cool that's what I think I think
there's untapped potential I constantly
forget about that and I love it
tired and sad says I'm gonna make it I'm
sorry
thirds ad says good superhero movies
will be known like the good westerns the
dollars trilogy high noon and The
Searchers stand out on their own as well
as being known for an era of Hollywood's
obsession with the genre oh there you go
that's it that's a good comparison
Hollywood's worms Hollywood was obsessed
with westerns for a moment for a while
what what individual are there are there
any other any individual Marvel
Cinematic Universe movies that stand out
like that
Iron Man three because they all they all
feel a little bit the same we like we
like Iron Man 3 but will it be
remembered
culturally probably not there you got
problems so not not Iron Man 3 as much I
do like it ya know you're pretty I mean
you're probably right rich they blend
together and they they probably very you
know they're they do by design blend
together because they're all part of the
same universe I'm just trying to think
of like the example of the one that's
gonna stand out I don't know if a lot of
a lot of people saying guardians am i
they are the only one who really
absolutely hates guardians ending to the
point where it drags the movie down of
some some letter grades for me no I'm
totally with you you you and I came out
of guardians incredibly similar mmm I
remember that where we were rich and I
were very like yeah it's fine the last
act for me for me personally it takes it
from being a b-plus to like a a see oh
yeah yeah
and see I don't have a problem the last
act I thought the spaceship battle stuff
was pretty neat but then as soon as we
get to the power of friendship that's
that's when it that's when it heroes
plan is just to crash into the ship and
shoot things and it's too dumb but
that's in character it's doesn't work it
needed to be something a little needed a
little bit better no that's that's the
right band of outlaws they need to do
the clever outlaw ish roguish thing
no that was club that was that was super
in character you need you need the
clever twist to their plan and then it
doesn't work out but you know if they
have that clever twist that doesn't work
out I even by the power of friendship
after that but to not have should not
have the clever plan and then to also do
the power of friendship it's like a
double negative which I guess would make
it a positive so it's just it's just too
negative negative
it's negative its negative negative all
right you know what I guess I can see
that like you know if they had the dumb
plan and then you know kind of made it
up as they went along and making it up
as it goes along is what saved the day
that would be sure being with their
character yes but instead of that it was
the power friendship I'm with you
I guess I'm with you I am NOT doing
something right here that is all I know
well yeah trip does this rich to go back
to stranger things I agree with the
pacing issues but I would also say the
nerd references and jokes were
ham-fisted and mostly awkward they were
mostly unnecessary I other than the kids
like D&D; I don't recall any awkwardly
ham-fisted references you saw you saw
some classic movie posters in the
background but it wasn't really out of
characters for out of character for
those characters to have those posters
and it's such a subtle reference in the
background to films that obviously
inspired stranger things I didn't find
it distracting at all I'm doing
something wrong
nerdy characters who like Dungeons &
Dragons there they're allowed to talk
about Dungeons & Dragons and Star Wars
that's that's their character every now
and then somebody did say something that
I don't think people said back then like
like oh at least the word that I didn't
I don't recall Bing and yes I don't
remember what it was now as we're two
examples we're like hey hey I grew up in
the 80s and I don't remember anybody
ever using that particular phrase yet
other than that oh sure like I don't
remember it was douche bag but there was
some kind of maybe nobody call anybody
that back then that wasn't a thing yet
that wasn't a thing yet douche bag
wasn't a thing yet yeah I don't remember
if it was douche bag sure something
along those living facility they didn't
say that 1983 I grew up then I know this
because I would have been calling people
that yeah yeah that's fine
Stucky ax says I was a bit late to the
stream so not sure if you've talked
about the Star Trek discovery reveal
from comic-con just wonder what rich
made of the new ship it seems a bit
contentious I think it's extremely ugly
oh yeah I've read show me the dirt show
it's very clearly based on the the Ralph
McQuarrie how do you pronounce this
fucking name I would say McQueary
McQueary
the man famous for doing the 1977 Star
Wars conceptual artwork did a design for
the the new enterprise when they were
making Star Trek the motion picture and
it looked like a cross between the
enterprise at a Star Destroyer and
that's what the ship in the new Star
Trek show looks like and it's very ugly
I'm not gonna lie it's very ugly very
ugly ultimately it doesn't really matter
it's not gonna make it a good or bad
show if the ships a little bit ugly well
here's the thing a lot ugly a lot ugly
it's a lot ugly and what makes it more
ugly is the terribly shitty CGI I can't
it's a it's a it's a straight to CBS
streaming web show it's acceptable
totally acceptable
you're not gonna come often do you
actually see space shots in a Star Trek
show what percentage of the time is the
spaceship on screen very little very
little but that important but that's
that's your first shot that I know big
iconic opening is this the ship and it's
like is it that fucking hard to make a
model if they have good characters and
good stories I don't give a shit and
it's not even the quality of the CGI for
fer thee for the project they're making
it's very much acceptable it is ugly
design though no it's horribly ugly
it's a horribly ugly design I'll agree
with that for me on top of the ugly
design
yeah which has like it's like this disc
with triangles on the but yeah it's just
like like someone had a shape editor
just put some shapes on it
it's it's a horribly ugly design and
also on top of that I think the CG is
really really cheap for rich that's not
a big deal
you know I think we can do better I'm
not saying it needs to be you know a
hand model like they did with the
classic ones but that wouldn't hurt
certainly wouldn't hurt it's not a
deal-breaker ugly design but the quality
of the CGI it's fine it's fine
I agree it's not really acceptable
perfectly acceptable not a deal-breaker
but it's it's what did what it is to me
is an indicator of the cheapness of the
show and yeah then you gotta talk about
like you know science fiction is
expensive shit it is but you know then
you're not gonna have a lot of time for
retakes with your actors come back to me
once we see the designs for the
interiors sure sure that that's what
you're gonna spend 90% 99% of your time
looking at the interiors of various
ships are they going to spend money to
have like a lot of different sets for
the places they visit or are they gonna
is almost every episode gonna be on the
Discovery so I'm more curious if they're
gonna spring to build a whole bunch of
different sets for like different worlds
there on sure or if they're gonna
green-screen it
yeah yeah yeah that matters a lot more
to me all right I could be with you I
can be with you man like I I love I love
Farscape but when they go to different
locations a lot of times they just
happen to find an other ship that's
exactly like the ship they always use so
now that it's an abandoned Leviathan
let's go and explore this other ship
that's exactly like our ship on the
interiors so we can technically visit
another location
but we're still using the same sets and
they didn't think to whenever they did
build like a new set for Farscape yeah
it was a multi-part fucking episode they
would they would get four or five
episodes out of that ship got it got to
make that money last man
spastic one-two-three says with
Trainspotting to being filmed I wanted
to know your opinion on the first one
I'd also like to recommend an other
Irvine Welsh adaptation filth a movie
with an excellent descending character
arc I've actually never seen
Trainspotting so I'm sorry I can't
really Trainspotting you know that was a
big deal in the in the indie film
community back in the day you know it
has that beautiful wonderful disturbing
scene the one with the baby the one that
everyone knows I don't except for
Richard Perry yeah get on it man I spot
no I think it's fine I actually have not
seen it since I was a teenager so I
can't tell it like it's probably good I
remember watching it as a teenager and
fucking loving it but you know who knows
if that was just like me being like oh
there they're showing heroin addicts in
a movie that's so edgy right CGI chat
CGI isn't bad just for being CGI and
you're right the good CGI you just don't
notice right and it does exist
but there are advantages practical that
you don't get with CG it is nice if your
actors all have something to react to
yes oh no and the example as pointed out
in the mr. plinkus Attack of the Clones
review it was obi-wan just standing
there while well they're Robo man what
was his name grievious gravis was
swinging like lightsabers an inch from
his fucking face you Andrew Berger
doesn't know what the fuck he's supposed
to be looking at okay right right
practical effects can help like there
yeah oh no and you know I just wonder at
this point like I guess it depends a lot
on what they're gonna do with the ship
but is it is it really more
cost-effective to see gia ship or like
is it how much is it to build a fuck I
don't know I don't know I don't know
get up why are you why are you not
why are you down well might also make it
easier to have other ships in the show
right
you could probably damage a CGI model
with battle damage without having to
worry about preparing it I'm sure there
are advantages practical advantages well
unlike space a space combat might be a
big part of the show so me know maybe
they're gonna do some awesome space
combat stuff we don't know know nothing
about them I hope that I'll combat a
sparing yeah never but I hope it's not
just a dumb action show are you done
I've heard it was a short game and
apparently it was I don't think it cost
that much for what it's worth I just
feel like incredibly unsatisfied like I
think it's a game just like made for
speedrunning
oh sure what I think okay I'm sorry I
mean it's you know you bought it not me
yeah I give me a free right bought it
you know I can't even I can't even play
it because apparently it makes me fuckin
nauseous a lot of bugs by the way I fell
through a wall yeah yeah but you know
like it was fun you know it's a stream
and it's just like I just can't believe
I I'm not mad that it's over but I just
can't believe that it's over you know
shit happens jack shit happens it
happens that's fine then we'll just
watch your credits for a little bit I'm
gonna take this opportunity to pause
then I'm gonna go to the damn bathroom
go ahead and do it we I should probably
stand up
we've been streaming for a couple hours
sure um Star Trek yeah rich showed me
that ship man it's ugly triangles
triangles with a circle you know

[Part II]
I just want to listen to that dealer
talk all the time ever a game needed a
custom character creator though it's
fucking head I forgot how ugly he was by
the way I like I forgot how good the
game is and how ugly that character is
you can you can even play as a girl in
the upcoming second one okay only the
girl still no character is still no
character creator fuck man
hold on let me change the game we're
playing here defective
Faith's selects game and of fate will
you play some fucking hand of fate this
is a great game this is you know we did
this for the show what how long ago Oh
Jimmy ass Christ it's here I got it okay
okay that other game apparently was also
really fucking quiet oh great
I could not get used to the controls on
this game oh I can't get it there I I
just recently started playing this again
and I've forgotten and we both
recommended it we both loved it I
remember but I forgot how much I loved
it so fuckers like a story or never
really done unless fun it's a card game
it's a it's a wishbone another one of
these do here let's see here soldiers
training chance card event some more
difficult you do increase damage as your
comely that's that's another cars I
haven't played around with the cards at
all with with these new ones warlord is
player moves attack faster stronger
enemies stronger counter-attacks all
around on faster all around faster and
bandits throw knives and easy bow just
to see how far you can make it let's see
what we got your shadow agent lucky card
events are easier combo my multipliers
are reduced
who cares about multipliers cannot carry
extra equipment equipment that would
normally go to your inventories
automatically now old discarded
equipment grants iron ore a special food
start with low max health but increases
with each defeated enemy that might be
fun for endless sure yeah gets try it
let's try it can you guys see this
you didn't update a noble yes but OBS
has been automatically updating lately
yeah yeah just I'll tap over just to
make sure that they can see it there is
a free DLC to hand a fee there they also
have a paid DLC it's shown up for us
okay great yeah they make it seem are
they saying that's it oh I'm sure you
know that no one said anything I just
want to make sure I must it must have
been just an update with OBS where it
plays whatever I mean that's great yeah
that's great that makes it a little
easier for us let's see here
Oh anonymous says here's $5 to play
literally anything else this game makes
me wish the overlay was even bigger well
we did we're done apparently I know love
free hand of fate oh no no no that was
for the old game oh oh no and I mean
apparently I was working towards some
sort of goal yeah in that game well we
fell out of the ship in the beginning
and you had amazing access ship yeah I
guess I don't know so you only start
with 40 health that's interesting but
it's gonna slowly go up well see how
we'll see how this works great I liked
it Titan says is I've recently
re-watched Mortal Kombat annihilation
it's hardwired for best of the worst
episode whether you guys review it or
not highly recommend it needs to be
watched again it's been a while which
button is Dodge ok I have been a while
but a little while since I played I was
sure thanks because the road warrior I
was replaying Mad Max and the Dodge is
like that the shoulder button completely
different button and it was throwing me
off like Oh God so is every enemy you
defeats not just every card yep that's
awesome
yep yep that's very interesting rich
that's a great reward for battle let's
see here today axe says do you think we
will ever get real dark superhero movies
as westerns produce some artistically
deep dark movies The Searchers 7 men
from now and not just Zack Snyder
pretentious nonsense I hope so I hope so
there's there are some superhero stuff
with dark themes there are comic books
with dark themes you know kinda like if
you just look at comic book movies you
know you get stuff like Road to
Perdition which is just a graphic novel
that was like a deeper darker tone
hopefully hopefully they'll expand into
other stuff I'm super super super is not
a comic book movie hey guys rich did you
see the Star Trek Discovery teaser if so
what do you think the ship design okay I
already said that the ship is fucking
ugly
that ship is ugly and the CGI looks like
shit
CGS fine CJ looks like shit suggests
fine hawk didi says consider this
donation for more Valiant Comics harada
is loved Harada is life I consider that
I will buy more value in comics now I'm
super into Harbinger it's everything
it's everything the x-men used to be
good they just get characters right
faith is hilarious and wonderful alright
50
boom 50 already uh let's see here
anonymous is a hijack do you watch
Steven universe with her kids yes yes i
I've watched a little bit of season 1
with them I think we're like maybe 20
episodes in I really enjoy it I think
it's really great if so have you seen
any of the new episodes they've put out
mr. Greg and the one song in particular
were absolutely fantastic and I haven't
seen any of the new stuff but we haven't
gotten through season one yet but I'm
really liking and I think it's a really
fun show that Steven universe it's like
about magical team-up group and Steven
is like the kid from the former leader
of the group who's now dead so the rest
of the group kind of raises them and it
has this really quirky and humorous art
style and okay I've never seen it so
it's it's really fun it's it's
definitely like it's definitely a kids
show but like theyd it's it's like a
little like adventure time where they
hit it some more adult themes like it's
definitely about divorce it's about like
parental responsibilities it's about
like dealing with your parents and
growing up like it's it's I really like
it I think it's a really fun show and
you know steven has these magical powers
that he's just discovering puberty I
know I know but I was a little corny but
but then you know just him growing into
it it's fun Steven universe it's really
fun I like it
my kids are ok with it but um I'll show
are they super into right now when we
watch
I wonder how far you'll go down you
should be able to make it let's see oh
because I'm gonna eat a lot of food
because the exits the complete other way
oh sure
oh wait fifty I lose fifty max health
right is that what it says yeah but does
that mean you go down 2-0 walking okay
try it out
fuck it I'm gonna I'm gonna be gaining
back every fight and I get the hero's
Bane and the fucking shield fuck yeah
we're keeping this shit alright do it do
it jack to your kids like superheroes do
kids today like superheroes as much or
way more um no actually I'd say it like
yeah so I have an 8 year old and a 5
year old
they're already equipped yeah we're
keeping this shit this is gonna be this
is gonna be fucking awesome great I
can't wait now yeah fuck yeah we're not
returning this shit and I'd say more so
they're like they're into Star Wars more
than superheroes they talk about that
way more than superheroes but more than
anything the only thing they care about
is Legos
like they will play with like the Lego
brand Nexo Knights like they play with
knights and Dragons over superheroes the
the chat is bringing up bravest warriors
oh yes fuck yeah I am I am I am sub 2
what was the channel cartoon whatever
I'm sup just for that they do other
things but I just want a lot right
everywhere what is it called cartoon
hangover hangover something like that
yeah hangover fucking yeah bravest
warrior bee and puppycat and b bar
because fine is fun but bravest warriors
is great that's it's adventure time in
space yeah bravest warriors is craving
in Reggio time and space with teenagers
like us Finn's a teenager right now
right does the age I don't know I'm so
good not caught up on adventure time
either
catbug right and catbug yeah cartoon
hangover is great
you should have enjoyed the lego movie
like it was good well we did see the
batman lego movie trailer and it's very
funny it looks very funny it looks fine
yeah let's see here
this time it's lupus says hey guys
Avengers and Iron Man 1 stand out in my
mind also Lightning stuck a struck a
train station in Chicago and the
building collapsed you crazy
what train station was it Road I won a
truck I wouldn't
cuz I used to take that line all the
goddamn time
blue line station collapse after
lightning strike in Chicago well
actually I guess the rock is huge
station I wouldn't expect a lightning
strike to knock that down but that's
crazy that's crazy shit happens shit
happens
crunky says hijack rich I saw Star Trek
beyond today I hope to not raise your
expectations too high but I was plenty
surprised by how much fun it was I hope
you guys enjoy it
you know I'll probably see it tell me
what tell me when you and Karen are
gonna go say maybe I'll go with you guys
it's definitely always more fun to see
it with a group it's playing at my local
theater and my local theatre serves beer
so I might just you know like if I have
a an afternoon free if I'm not watching
a strange thing
it's stranger stranger things maybe I'll
go see it but we'll see let's see here
mister bucket says hey guys did you get
the VHS I sent you the shocking truth we
get a lot of VHS tapes and I wouldn't
necessarily have noticed an individual
one that's fine like I went to the mail
the other day and like just just one of
the things they sent us was a box this
big filled with VHS tapes we get a lot
of yeah so probably the answer is
probably got it yes also have you
checked out Hannibal I have personally
not know the mr. bucket is thoroughly
impressed with Hannibal I've heard great
things I have not seen it either I'm
sorry mr. bucket I don't even have time
for strange of things yet
I can't get on Hannibal westcoast I talk
about the stranger things ending if Jack
had watched the series I know I will I
swear I will watch it we will talk about
it it's gonna be great I'm sure let's
see you're tired and says that Nazis are
the best cinematic villains just look at
Indiana Jones they're the best anti
thesis what antithesis thank you well
they put a dash in there so antithesis
yeah I think you're right I think the
dash was a mistake I have a - antithesis
yeah they're the best antithesis to a
daring archaeologist a weird cult in
Indiana and a boring Soviet don't have
the gravity of Nazis that's true how
much do I need to pay you guys to play
dwarf fortress it says I am James in
I've heard that's that's one of those
games that I just don't think I can I
don't think I can do oh he wants you to
you know go through a trap thing for
some gold fuck it
if you're on endless mode you don't care
about that it's not gonna let you defeat
guys nobody took your gold yeah probably
not James I don't know that's one of
those was supposed to be like
ridiculously hard games well this is
suck which one
dwarf fortress have you heard of these
you probably never played I've never
played um tender juicy shack meat I want
to do apologize for the joke earlier I
was fine it's fine
I get knowing I get it you Jack me we
get it crispy fried man hi guys I need
some GameCube and Wii game
recommendations which ones were your
favorites please list a lots of them
Super Mario Sunshine the Wind Waker
booms I mean you got two right there
that are great Super Mario Sunshine
Super Mario Sunshine of Wind Waker are
pretty top up there I really like Luisi
Luigi's Mansion if if you are a fan of
that
Resident Evil 4 came out on the Gamecube
Resident Evil 4 is a great game for the
Gamecube I gotta be careful this traps
are doing like 10% more damage oh and
I'm relatively low on health you're like
walk a little first then roll what these
yeah nice you can't smash BOTS now which
is very I want to I know these you just
roll first
Shh I did roll jack this is the worst
fucking event I could have gotten it yes
ah oh
shocked Jesus Christ oh yeah Oh eternal
darkness that's right eternal darkness
came out for the Gamecube that was
that's a very underappreciated game and
that's something we should do eternal
darkness you get your health back though
mr. lion I'll give you your health back
okay he might not give you your money
back and unless you give him more money
I get my health back we're trying you
get your health back I think every time
oh fuck oh you're right smash bro smash
brothers melee and brawl the other Zelda
game is a good one there's a ton of good
well I'm sure you can find a list
somewhere I don't I don't have them all
eternal darkness is one of those games
that I know is on everyone's like
underrated classics list that one sorry
Jen hi rich and Jack I'm having a
creative slump right now for my drawings
and music production do you do anything
that helps for inspiration for your
creativity or does it all just randomly
happen honestly I'll just randomly
happen yeah I mean it mostly random what
happens something that I've heard that
is very important for your creativity
and something
that I do is to take some quiet time
during the day probably helps have
somebody to bounce ideas off of that
helps as well but what is this music
music or drive you know that works as
much with music probably not probably
not but but we we spend humans humans
spend a lot of their time listening to
things you know listen to us right now
they probably you know listen to a
podcast they listen to music they yeah
they watch TV shows are we spend a lot
of time consuming stuff and you would be
surprised how beneficial 20 minutes of
quiet time is for you just take 20
minutes and sit in silence and your
brain will start functioning properly
again
oh we have not ranted about The Killing
Joke yet no what's to rant about we will
get there let me just finish with savage
in here meditation some people is what
some people do I just like to sit and be
in the quiet just just take a moment and
don't consume anything don't don't
listen to music don't watch TV don't
look at going to sit with your eyes
closed best thing you can do for
yourself just take some time for you I
have never read The Killing Joke rich
yeah I like Batman as a character I
loved Batman the Animated Series okay I
just never really got into his comic
books mostly like I said I was talking
about earlier because I feel like the
more you read them the the less like
relatable a character he is right right
but The Killing Joke you've read The
Killing Joke yeah you like The Killing
Joke yeah you okay with the killing -
they're making a killing joke movie and
it's the vocal cast of Batman the enemy
is hey Killing Joke is one of the most
popular books so this should be a match
made in heaven but I have not seen the
movie obviously it's not out yet from
the people who have seen the movie
Barbara Gordon yeah
aka Batgirl yeah is obsessed with dating
Batman that is not all in the book they
have sex just make a straight-up
adaptational kind of germ what the fuck
the creator's at their panel went out of
their way to talk about the strong
character that they were they really
wanted to flesh out Barbara Gordon's
character make a strong female character
apparently she spends the entire movie
being not as good as Batman pining after
him sexually and Batman correcting her
all right
I'll just skip over that and I'll watch
the the parts that are just straight-up
right apparently even though I forgot
his name voice actor Kevin Conroy you
know Kevin Conroy is great apparently
the things they have written for Kevin
Conroy to say yeah make his character
incredibly flat but protip having a
woman fucking someone is not adding
character right so this is actually
happened there's just like fantasy type
sequence this is if something that
actually happens in the movie all right
but Barbara Gordon is by the way someone
who generally in in most Batman Canon is
usually the age of like Dick Grayson yep
you usually someone who's significantly
younger than Batman to the point where
maybe a relationship with them would be
creepy all right and I'll try to help I
think it's the second one over what do
you think I think I was goddamn it I'm
sorry
god damn it Jack wait I asked for
counsel before you hit the button I
asked you for he didn't say anything at
all yeah I was clicking on that last one
I said it and then and then you can fly
I thought maybe open your mouth Jack
Jack fuck it I'm done I'm done they have
a relationship in the DC Animated
universe that is implied in Batman
Beyond when both of them are much older
they they talk about seeing each other
in Batman Beyond when Bruce Wayne is an
elderly gentleman and she's a full-grown
adult she's young enough that's freebie
she's young enough in most Canon where
that's creepy so so no fuck you like
they had a relationship and she's young
enough in every Canon where that's
creepy yes yes
so I don't care if it's in Canon it
happened in Canon in the future but all
all I've heard about The Killing Joke is
they have fucked it royally it's gonna
be great
why is it creepy cuz Batman is like 38
years old and Barbara Gordon is 17 in
most canon she in most she's Robin's age
and and and Robin is Batman's adopted
son that's why it's creepy
usually Batgirl takes on that role as
well yeah as like Batman is more of a
Thor 'ti father figure that's that you
just she's fucking Gordon's daughter
she's his friend's daughter that's
another thing about it is creepy I was
sittin I've said the Mad Max Dodge
button god dammit I'm gonna die no you
can get there you can get it back
alright you have to go first
I have determined this that is super
fair
that is super fair since when are they
friends what they're always oh please
fucking please it's a beer Meister thank
you it's not creepy because Batman had
time to prepare Batman prepared for this
oh please no the they've always been
friends they've always had a friendly
relationship Jim Gordon and Batman
that's usually their thing so what what
I've been hearing from and III want to
say it comes out like tomorrow and all
I've been hearing is this negative
negativity so I not get the card is that
weird wrong I don't throw down with that
well maybe just was added to your deck
maybe please update your overlay oh
you're fucking right
sorry we gotta remember to do that can
you hand me that keyboard hand me the
keyboard thank you thank you my bad I'm
sorry I was all tapping and I should
have warned you hold on okay it's not
doing anything I'm gonna hold that he
was not doing I should have warned you
and that's why it's why I'm sorry Batman
is it's detective he studied all
possible outcomes right and fucking hell
and a fait look too big shrink it down
dink I said it to rich were in sync
we're in sync we shrinky dinks and thank
you for reminding me to change the
overlay we right now we're playing hand
of fate we were playing defunct which
was a game where we had a little robot
that could roll through stuff but
apparently we eat we beat it in an hour
and a half yeah and and so we had a
favor which I've been playing recently
on my own and loving the fuck out of I
forgot how much I love this game
is she naked do they have a naked
Batgirl in the movie I is that true how
do you fuck this up how do you fuck this
up how is it possible they've they found
a way rich it's simple here's the thing
simple well apparently apparently what
they were saying and this is in their
panel sorry to bother you but to ask it
to answer your question why they why
they fucked it up they needed to add
more to the story to make it a movie
I wouldn't nobody would have cared if it
were short nobody would have cared yeah
here's what's gonna happen someday
somebody's gonna edit out all of the
shit that they're adding yeah they're
gonna keep the stuff that should be
there and then maybe someday an animator
well actually reanimate the whole
fucking thing on their own time as a
prod as a project sure but you have you
have the audio oh you have the audio of
Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy which
really is the valuable thing I think
it's the same Barbara Gordon - I think
it's the same you know is it I think
okay I think so it's like she was a good
voice I remember but it's like so yeah
you're right you have the audio so get
animators and make it look good edit it
edit out all the bullshit make it happen
somebody somebody who loves Batman is in
animation school or gonna start working
on it's gonna take him like 15 years a
little bit at a time but it'll get done
it'll get done so if all the stuff that
happens after she gets paralyzed still
happens does that mean she still gets
engaged to Dick Grayson after fucking
Batman now there's a whole new whole new
continuity whole new universe yeah you
know this this seems like a really
simple thing on their part to do we get
the best voice actors who have ever done
the character to redo the most famous
story ever made yeah or the second most
famous I guess but but by the way I have
an ability which lets me grow and
mother of enemies I'd kill ya I'm
getting almost no fucking enemy
encounters well you took that gamble
having your end having your health uh
yeah yeah
they were not to my knowledge Batman and
Barbara Gordon to my knowledge and rich
scan your brain for this where Batman
and Barbara Gordon ever together in
Batman the Animated Series now were The
Adventures of Batman around nope
their relationship was talked about in
Batman Beyond it did not happen in
Batman Beyond but it was talked about in
the past so we can only assume it
happened when they were older at some
point and it's a very mild reference I
don't believe they were ever together in
Batman animated series are Batman and
Robin so no she was flirting with Dick
Grayson right give me some enemy
encounters god damn it it's weird it is
weird Cooney kodesh graphic military
says on the whole on the whole Barbara
Gordon thing
can we read into the fact that the
villain is called Catwoman and the
Protege Ally is called Batgirl or am I
crazy not an expert here oh well yeah I
suppose it's not she's not that woman
she in most canon is either as a kid's
like she's in college yeah you know like
she might be of age but she is still
she's considerably younger than Bruce
Wayne no matter how you slice it and
she's usually paired with one of the
Robins yes so there isn't in there is an
implied father figure in the Batman with
Batgirl yes always yes
fucking always oh fuck
fucking Batman time sorry sorry rich we
got into Batman talk
we got in the Batmen tuck ah let's see
here
scabby mccr abs says here is your shit I
managed to catch you live tip any
chitchat on the trailers specifically
Wonder Woman the First Avenger or the
best Jurassic Park remake Kong Oh Wonder
Woman the First Avenger
that's it does look a lot I'm Wonder
Woman trailer got it's fine wonder when
trailer got me excited rich is still
pretty mad and rich doesn't like the we
talked about it a little bit earlier
sorry so the breakdown is rich is still
pretty mad on it doesn't like the color
palette I'm a little hyped for it and
I'm excited to see some World War 1
action which I don't think is
representing you again I'm never telling
you oh fuck like that huge win huge win
they're rich but actually I did we
didn't watch the Kong trailer I was cuz
there were new King Kong troll has a new
there's a there's a new Kong and Colin
on his Twitter mentioned that he is now
super excited about Kong okay I will
check that out I still haven't seen the
Peter Jackson calling neither have i
I've heard not good things it's all of
her that's all I've heard that's all
I've heard is not good things
that's all I can tell you rich oh here
you go look at all that house you can't
even see them as enemies anymore you
just see them as health
stupid knife they're always
I don't know if I've ever played the
game primal rage is that a fighter I
think so sounds like a fighter
sounds like a fighter I think we Street
at once didn't care for it I believe it
I would absolutely believe it I'm ghost
in here or something ghost in here
he's a glove state yeah I got many
ghosts Chris Pine is every hot male
actor after we watch the Wonder Woman
trailer that was the first thing out of
Rich's mouth was wait is that Chris Pine
hey look different for some reason god
dammit
he does look different I agree I'm
excited about it I don't care about
Wonder Woman I've never enjoyed any of
her comics but this looks like it could
be a neat action movie mm-hmm and I like
action movies so we're gonna go with it
we're good we'll see what kind of
character arc she has you know what I
was really excited to see it looked like
um there was a battle between soldiers
and the Amazonians
yeah which is that's gonna just be a
fucking slaughter it's gonna be awesome
it's gonna be awesome do you think do
the thing do the thing and run
is that the jack of dust again yeah shit
happens you would you just fought him
shit happens
Chris Pratt is greater than Chris prime
Chris prime pine sure Chris Pratt has a
you know he's a I think Chris Pratt is a
little more lovable he's got a little
more a little bit more chemistry nothing
wrong with Chris Pine Chris prime Chris
prime yeah I prefer Chris from the 6-1-6
universe another wrong you know what you
know I that guy's gone here's why we can
like Chris Pine he was in the wet hot
American summer Netflix show he agreed
to be in that so we should all like
Chris Pine anyone who agrees to be
involved with the wet hot American
summer people deserves our love
Spock Prime
I don't know who John Prine is sorry I'm
sorry
normally the king of death shows up in
this yeah but we just fought the king of
dusts or was that the jack of dust you
fought before who knows who knows all
fine it's all fine everything's fine
John Cena or the rock I don't know
neither no I don't know I've heard John
Cena does an incredible amount of
charity work actually not the rock the
rocket sure sure I they're both from an
era when I wasn't watching wrestling
yeah so I'm sure they're both fine
people or not oh no no not that no no no
I accidentally did the thing I didn't
want to do god damn it I'm so sorry
hold on oh that was fucked
this has that has dreams too sequence
written all over it
yeah look I can see that girl liking
Batman I can't see Batman reciprocating
Batman had a dream about Batman that is
proof of their relationship anyway maybe
there's more there was more to that
video or is that just a lot hold on dick
dick
oh wait do they keep doing what let me
see someone hear those keep spawning
skeletons this think the thing about
their oh I just upon more skeletons I
don't know do you think you have to
fight that if that keeps spawning
skeletons oh yes
yes did you just get infinity health
fucking yes rich you did it you can only
get up to 200 health ok I guess you're
about to get 200 health so
congratulations okay so the the link
that someone just sent me as proof of
their relationship was Barbara having a
dream her having a flirty phone call
with Batman and then the scene from
Batman and Batman Beyond where they
talked about a past relationship right
right so there have been hints sure but
it could be that they played it
correctly back then and never showed us
them fucking because Batman shouldn't
have sex with a little girl they're just
just putting that into the ether that
sounds crazy I know that sounds crazy
but I don't think that Batman as a
grown-ass adults should have sex with a
little girl that's just me that's me
personally and to be fair in Batman
Beyond she also wasn't crippled right so
these take place and little in different
universes alright and I don't care if
she was in fucking college I don't care
if she's the legal age of consent
Batman is 140 he's too old
ah sorry mystery of the Zayas have you
guys heard about star-lords dad yes I
have heard about star-lords dad we we
had heard so I guess them spoiler I
don't know it's not really I mean it's
out there everything's out there so you
know and I don't know if these are
really spoilers but I'm not even Flo
saying I'm not saying it isn't creepy
but the proof was there there were hints
non-canon cartoon hints right that's
that's some great evidence rich this is
fantastic this is so fantastic you're
gonna you're so in the money now
so if Kurt Russell was going everyone
knew Kurt Russell was gonna be in
guardians - yeah and a lot of people
assumed that he was gonna be star
Lauren's dad that was the obvious call
but do you know who he's playing who ego
the Living Planet I'd rather see him the
star Lords dead I don't think he is
star-lords dad ego the Living Planet
what yeah so he's still star-lords dead
yep he's still star-lord sad but he's
playing a living planet Oh God who can
manifest themselves yeah yeah it's a
human form when necessary
that's a weird call which I guess makes
it perfect really for guardians right
that's perfect for James Gunn they're
gonna have some weird weird times with
that that's great so I mean Kurt Russell
is awesome and amazing obviously rich
look at your pile of bowling yes I know
I'm loving it this was the this was the
card to get was this just a random
encounter yeah I mean like what
encounter I don't I didn't even remember
at this point I'm killing skeletons for
too long so what is Stallone's role in
guardians to I think Stallone is playing
a Nova Corps office officer
what I've believe I've heard judge Blair
yeah so it's it's you know guardians I'm
sure they're gonna do something weird
with it who knows what but you know like
I said rich and I said we were both like
okay with the first Guardians movie
didn't not super blow me away
a lotta a lot of payoff with very little
setup and the ending was kind of weak
but hey if we get to see Kurt Russell as
a giant talking planet and fucking I'm
down let's get weird with it let's get
weird for this shadow alley 5 no
generally five says this is for track
can you do a Batman voice doing Batgirl
and I will not
oh sure here's my Batman voice hey bad
girl you should get home and study
because you are in college and I am an
adult goodbye thank you for helping me
fight crime I appreciate I appreciate
having partners in this very dangerous
field have a nice date with dick yes I
hope I hope you two can really work
things out he is like a son to me and
you are like a daughter to me I'll see
you next week for our training session
where we will train and do nothing else
that's my Batman talking to Batgirl
voice you are welcome
hey hey producer no no that's fine
producers of bat the Batman stuff you
talk to me I'll help I'll help write
some stuff down for you I can do voices
obviously I can do Batman
so I'm not saying Kevin Conway did a bad
job I'll just be there spit ball ideas
and there you go that's your Mac self Oh
were there yep
you had 200 200 is your max health and
you are now having so much fun I haven t
noticed do you just want to see how many
skeleton bones you can get on screen the
game might crash Barbara you're like a
daughter to me like Dick Grayson is like
a son to me I wish you two happiness I
mean I remember when you were a baby and
I rescued you in year one
remember that remember when you were an
infant and I was an adult already being
Batman gosh me and your father are such
good friends it's almost like you are a
daughter or niece to me
and I really value you helping me out on
my crime-fighting Crusades I don't know
if I say that often enough oh I hope
that's not true the master other people
are saying that they hear kind of my
kind of phones it in yeah I hope that's
not true
but who knows they said that about him
in the Arkham games and I think it's
fine yeah he's good then cold logical
Batman sounding detached can be mistaken
as phoning it in well and it could be
that he's doing a good Batman being cold
and illogical yeah the story around him
is so weak that they're also now
focusing on him being like baby wank
character maybe that could be it who
knows yeah Batman Beyond is is
considered canon in the animated
universe DC Animated universe as far as
I'm as far as I remember like as far as
like if you look at like yeah Justice
League Batman Superman all those Batman
Beyond is canon
if he isn't saying wolf wolf wolf he
really isn't doing the Batman voice
you're right you're right
oh that's a lot of skeletons oh geez
man you have 200 fucking health nothing
matters anymore well I guess if you
could die to all these people well do I
gain help for just flat-out murdering
them it only gains your max out
I'll tell keep an eye out for when you
murder people all right time to get rid
of this phone a long range crap
or enough time to no no I hate her
have I by the way I'm looking you
haven't defeated anyone yet
you've just defeated the thing which I
don't think counts no you do not gain
health that only gained you max health
so fuck yeah
we're not yeah we're a little outraged
someone's saying that just during the
chat are Jack and Rich outraged that bad
girl had sex it's not just that she had
sex it's that she had sex with Batman
and more outraged at Batman we've
already discussed why that is wrong and
creepy like I said I didn't really
understand why buyback girl would be
interested in Batman sure but uh yeah
yeah we've we've talked about it not
fans probably still gonna see it anyway
and then we can make our final judgement
these are all things that I've just
heard on the internet so maybe the
internet slides me maybe they don't I
don't know I don't
yeah you know I don't like I think
there's some interesting thing I like
you know some I see some people in the
comments just saying you know what
Batman just shouldn't have sex no no I
disagree with that right and they say no
he's still a person and fuck man if he
had sex every once in a while maybe his
character would be a little more
realistic and fleshed out he shouldn't
be having sex with somebody who's young
enough to be his daughter
he's got Catwoman for that
he's got Talia al Ghul for that he's got
plenty of women his own age in his field
to have sex with fucking you know he
calls up Hawkgirl every once in a while
just because she can throw down that's
all I got
no I don't have all the sex he was he's
Batman and he's a man unless it wants to
get that he's also like a playboy
billionaire so I'm sure it happens more
often than a dozen or it could it could
with anyone Batman never has sex now I
know why he murders everyone right
you know that's like read read your one
Batman actually saves bebe Barbara
Gordon baby diaper-wearing baby Barbara
Gordon yeah no and it's like it's it is
tough like I see a couple people like
just asking and I think you're asking
earnestly like what age do we think
Batman is mid 3035 he's been operating
for a while he's not a rookie right he's
got a trained Robin he's a little bit
older he's at least he's at least thirty
Leo their owner Oh at least 35 I'm
saying forty he how long does it take
you to become a master ninja yeah when
did he leave he left Gotham when he was
118 20 I would say he started at 25
started what being Batman by the time
you actually get all your training in
and you're good enough to actually do it
I would say rookie Batman 24 25 as a
rookie like like pre cape and cowl like
year one like you're one like and he has
the cape and cowl now for the first time
he's 25 24 25 early mid mid 20 not only
20s that that assumes he left Gotham at
18 yep and so he's been training for
seven years I would start a training a
little bit earlier I don't think I
started at 18
maybe now I don't know yeah young Bruce
was in control of his own destiny that
could be me I'm just you know I'm trying
to I'm trying to obviously it's comic
book so none of it matters as far as
real time is concerned one did when did
it what age did that Batman did Bruce
Wayne make the conscious decision to
become a vigilante was that in his head
right after the parents died how
unrealistic is Batman is he so is he so
unrealistic that ten-year-old Bruce
Wayne decided he was going to fight
crime at a bat costume and never grew
out of it
I mean Batman is all the unrealistic yes
or did he make this decision when he was
like 15 right well it's like it depends
on a hat what can and we want to believe
here cuz you know like you look at like
Batman Begins the movie right it was it
was a college-age Christian Bale yeah
who then went off to learn to fight yeah
that to me is realistic like an adult
who who tried the whole rich boy life
thing and is just consumed with this
guilt an adult an 18 year old yeah yeah
to me you gotta start 10 years after
that cuz I'm guessing it takes 10
fucking years of solid everyday training
just to be halfway good yeah yeah I
would say that so then you're 28 and you
start Batman at 28 you start year one at
28 so then by the time you get to when
when Robin is around and when Barbara is
a ground you are late 30s at least to be
fair how old are Olympic gymnasts very
young very young very young yeah so if
he starts training early enough and
maybe like I said maybe like what if
he's also gonna trace brain cuz he's the
greatest detective - and not just not
just the gymnastics but the multiple
different kungfu's he'll know he knows
every kungfu he knows every come from
he's a master at everyone yeah which by
the way it takes years yeah one yes cuz
he didn't just get superpowers again
just start right away
he can't just say I'm Batman where's my
costume and then what's up we're talking
gadgets we're talking computer hacking
we're talking becoming a master marksman
we're talking fucking everything every
day right so it's like to me he at this
point is in his late 30s yeah I could
bend and say 35 but even that doesn't
fucking matter because his relationship
to Batgirl is paternal yes so let's say
he's in his late 20s and Batgirl is you
know 18 right 29 let's say he's 29
and she's 18 and
that's that's still creepy it's still
creepy because he has a paternal
relationship to her he is a father
figure to her yeah yeah yeah
so and yes rich and I can talk about
comic books for a very long time I don't
know if you know this about Richie night
we're really good about talking about
bullshit and like that's all we do all
that's a thing that's kind of art that's
our shtick well my father is 14 years
older than my mother a lot of that
depends on age like for example you know
the older both parties get the less that
age gap matter yes if Barbara's 30 and
he's 45 that's less of a big deal I'm 18
year old has been at the age of consent
for less than one year like a 25 year
old Schmerber Gordon
sure okay then you can yeah then you
start getting that wiggle room yeah yeah
yeah usually Barbara is a cut she's
usually portrayed as being fairly young
yes yes yes and we're not saying like
you know my dad is 23 year olds older
than my mom there are of course
exceptions that make the rule but in
general it's a creepy thing and in
general he's a paternal figure great Oh
wrong - I I had the far left so oh just
one pane card in two months two cards
you gotta get that she monster cards are
good that's true an atomic Lich has a
really good point I don't know if
Batman's relationship to Batgirl is
paternal
but the nature of their relationship is
definitely one in which he is a role
model yes sure so and and that's he's
not a peer he's not appear he's a role
model he is the the the he's the trainer
he's the master
oh well like II know that that's sexual
but why do you think some people are in
favor of this right
oh yeah die you fucking rats but uh Luke
Cage is in a hallway now he's got the
wu-tang clan so you know that's what we
got that's much easier to talk about
Luke Cage much less interesting to talk
about much less interesting to talk
about it did it did make me relist into
my old routine albums though which is
always a joy because I don't know if you
know this about retain clean rich but
they ain't nothing to fuck with so which
is an important note if you are a fan of
the clan I would not say that I was I I
can't imagine that you are a fan of the
clan but for anyone listening they know
what I'm talking about don't you ten
Doctor Strange I'm interested yeah but
here's the thing with Doctor Strange
okay he's a he's a better supporting
character that he has a main character
yeah yeah I can see that he's the weird
guy yeah who the hero that who when
Spiderman runs into him it's a weird
it's a weird adventure for spider-man to
go on yes yeah which might might be the
plan form you know sure but but you have
to set him up as a character first so
that's what this movie is I understand
that he's got to be if he's has to be a
character first and then you could
introduce him in like an Avengers kind
of situation I suppose but he like his
is so weird you know he's like magic
magic and reality-warping powers is
where we start getting into the realm of
like actually I'm gonna take oh god
finish this up and then what else isn't
that gets us into the realm of comic
books were that's like Misha vanish
right yeah I'm gonna take back what I
said about you could introduce them in
Avengers no because you got to do kind
of properly introduce magic into the
Marvel Universe yeah yeah that's it
let's so strange more so the concept of
magic okay there we go
and Matt yeah magic has kind of been
around in the Thor universe but very
downplayed
Thor it's not even betrayed as magic
it's just kinda like technology we don't
understand great it's so advanced that
it seems like magic right right they're
kind of an alien almost kind of race
right right but uh the visuals look
really neat still got 125 right you know
the visuals are very inception II and
and I hope they do some neat stuff with
that visual I don't know what those
visual mean you know reality folding row
right but it's like I hope that I hope
that means something instead of just
like look at how cool this looks you
know like it you should really see
inception I don't really like inception
like an inception it was very polarizing
does it I thought everyone loved it yeah
wasn't everyone will hate it
really i'ma try maybe I'm wrong oh I
don't go around talking about inception
rich I don't you come to our bi-weekly
inception let's talk about inception
meetings I really you know when when
reality warps in Inception it has I saw
clips of the city folding oh yeah but it
has like greater meaning in the story so
it's like the the way they work the neat
visuals into the storytelling is
appropriate so no that's gonna be you
know what the folding is they're
introducing multiple of realities
parallel virgin Marvel Universe's no no
yeah that's what those could be those
are gonna represent where reality is
fractured Oh God because they're also
they're also gonna introduce parallel
universes and this is how we get into
the wave beyond Robert Downey jr.
possibly this is how we get to when
Chris Evans is too old to be Captain
America oh no oh fuck
then the movie-going audience is gonna
have to deal with skewed continuity and
universe resetting bullshit welcome to
comic books inception is greater than
dark night don't whisper me nerds I I
like
I'd like inception a lot more than than
the Dark Knight series I mean or like
the Batman series as a whole but mostly
because I really hated Dark Knight Rises
but inception is a really fine sci-fi
action movie and I like sci-fi action
movies I even don't you know it has that
Joseph gordon-levitt in it
I don't usually care for him and stuff
but he's alright in it he's alright I
don't think they'll do that they need a
plan they need an exit plan for when
their actors get too old to be in there
to be in their roles this is true they
have as far as I know no exit plan oh
Jesus but I suppose like even in in
current Marvel continuity Captain
America is an old man he's old man
Captain America he's not see Captain
America well no they already reverse
that today of course they did everyone
knew they were reversing this I hadn't
heard that when did that happen
Oh like it was like issue 3 that was
issue 1 issue 3 it was revealed what was
going on like now I have everything's
fine too old too expensive will be a
problem before that yeah you're probably
right they need an out for when Robert
Downey jr. doesn't care anymore and asks
for too much money too much money for
Disney oh it was issued - thank you my
tummy giggles it was issued so he was a
Nazi for less than a month much much
like Superman at the end Donna Justice
everyone fucking knew everyone knew what
that was where that was going
in the Doctor Strange comics has even
flowed the parallel realms are usually
crazy universes where physics are
different not just different earths but
they want to introduce different earths
in case they want to do something that
because it's that was fairly prominent
in Marvel history alternate universes of
what if what if tales sure we could we
could get Marvel Zombies can we see a
Marvel what if movie
wouldn't that be interesting that would
be so much fun yeah yeah I'm like one of
the movies that happen differently that
would be really neat what if what if
Captain America had died during Civil
War right that could be interesting
or like did you ever read like Marvel
1642 yeah no no where's like all the
Marvel characters but in Pilgrim times
or you could bring back I actually have
not but dub fucking name I remember one
Jeff Bridges different differences yeah
Iron Monger what if Iron Monger like
successfully took over Stark Industries
and you have you have a what if movie
where he's in charge like all the major
technology right right and Tony Stark is
like low-rent Iron Man yeah yeah that
would be really cool hey get on that
Marvel the what-if universe what if
Fantastic Four was actually a good film
says she shuts by that time they'll have
the Fantastic Four right so we might
know that's really good well this could
be the start of their exit plan
I'm Kenny Powers says I have done the
deed
Mason Lee has been eliminated I don't
know what that means I've no idea what
that means
who was Mason Lee what have you done
what have you done Kenny Powers
Mason Lee actor he's an actor he's in
he's a three-time Academy award-winning
director no Anglet oh maybe he's
angley's kid he's been in movies I don't
get that I'm very sorry I'm Kenny Powers
I don't I don't get what's happening you
know who Marvel completely gave up on
Ghost Rider and you know why you know
how we know they gave up on Ghost Rider
he's now gonna be an agents of shield
really yes they have officially
announced that Ghost Rider is going to
join the agents of shield and that's how
you know Marvel gave up on him give them
to the TV people they don't care about
the TV show at all which is a shame but
yep that's what's gonna happen he
doesn't fit at all in to the agents of
shield worlds but fuck it man it's you
know who cares anymore at this point
let's just get weird with it Wow um God
Fatih says what did you think of the
Kong Skull Island trailer I was treading
that movie but the trailer looks amazing
and actually both rich and I had not
seen it Colin our good friend Colin from
Canada saw it and he's hyped about it so
I will trust Colin's judgment sergeant
Zima if he's in if he's in the Chad I
trust your judgment so don't let me down
I hate to say it I forgot completely
about the goddamn shield bash oh did you
yeah oh you just been oh my god rich you
are so low on health
you know I had two very nasty fights in
a row here oh oh are you in the pit yep
oh yeah yeah we should start getting
weird with it
guardians was a big success you know why
got weird with it people are ready for
that also who the fuck is brie Larson do
you know who brie learned I don't know
who I don't know who anyone is we talked
I remember this came up the other day
someone was someone asked us you know
what we thought about oh no another
crucible he's like oh hey have you heard
the rumors that brie Larson is gonna be
Captain Marvel and and I kind of
offhandedly said brie Larson gets talked
about everywhere because I hear that
name a lot yeah I hear her name a lot
and she's talked about on the internet a
lot she did officially get the Captain
Marvel job
yup so brie Larson is Captain Marvel I
don't know who brie Larson is good for a
brie Larson yes good for her she's
getting a nice paycheck I'm sure she was
in community for a few episodes I never
really watched community she was in room
I've heard good things about I need full
concentration yeah you go
shit
damnit alright I'm done
alright she was uh she's in a couple
episodes of community she was in Scott
Pilgrim she wasn't Scott Pilgrim she was
in room which and she apparently won
Best Actress for room okay so but the
Internet's all about her she's Captain
Marvel I read a couple Captain Marvel
books and she's in space and I don't
necessarily care about space comic books
but good for her
might be the movie I don't care I don't
care about Captain Marvel as a character
except for when she comes and helps the
new Miss Marvel because I like the new
Miss Marvel so that's all I got I'm
gonna predict we won't see a what-if
movie okay but we will go into like what
if universe they will be universe
hopping within another movie and then
you'll see glimpses of things like Iron
Monger in charge of Stark Industries
sure or or like the Big Red Hulk with
the mustache yeah yeah we'll see
glimpses of weird things mica I could
see that happening like in a Guardians
movie right right like something like a
goofy ER movie even infinity war they
might have reason to flee the universe
temporarily that's I mean that's usually
like a bit though like going through
different universes is like comedy Gaga
no one so I think they could dip in that
well more than once oh sure but I like I
think it needs to be in a comedy like in
a movie with more comedic tones Oh like
like ant-man yeah like if ant-man goes
super tiny and goes into other universes
like he could have that gang okay okay I
can't see that happening in just a
straight yeah just because it's funny
but I do think with it that Doctor
Strange trailer that's what they're
introducing the concept of why there's
why they're like reflections and
scatterings
yeah oh yeah like I said I I'm just in
talking through now I think that's
probably going to be how they justify
new casting yeah I can't be the first
person who had that thought right
probably not I don't know I haven't seen
it around new or if you are you're the
first person who's hey congratulations
I did see John Boorman a squirrel girl
and yes that was very exciting
I'm excited very first squirrel girl who
knows the squirrel girl is ever gonna
happen as a movie but I like Squirrel
Girl let's see anonymous says how do you
guys sleep at night knowing the Empire
built three Death Star's
just fine the Star Wars is just a
fucking movie and and you know here's
the thing
space is really big and in the Star Wars
universe like they don't have like super
fast communication with each other so
yeah I could it's totally reasonable to
think that somewhere off in the distance
someone is building some giant things I
don't think they made it once they built
one it got destroyed they built another
one it got destroyed
yeah then they build another other one
right oh so they're not they're not
they're not talking about how could it
be built they're wandering there weren't
Lee there how do we how do we feel
knowing that they did the same dumb
thing three times that's what they're
saying the answer is I don't give a shit
yeah I don't give a shit I don't take
Star Wars that seriously I really I just
don't I'm sorry I know everyone else
does I'm the outlier that's fine that's
fine
my answer is it's just a movie totally
it's just a movie yeah yeah I'm with you
Nico :
which a good Sunday evening to you sirs
evening good evening
have you heard about Incredibles 2 with
Brad Bird and the first movies crew
coming back I've heard about it we'll
see what the happens I know they don't
have a great track record with sequels
Pixar this is Brad Bird though I know
that's a lot of difference we're with
you Nico that we are all so weary it's
the one Pixar sequel I would actually
want to see absolutely one where we read
I was gonna go all I remember is what
was Brad Birds movie Wonderland no with
with with George Clooney Space Mountain
I don't recall he made a movie yeah yeah
land of tomorrow world of tomorrow
something wasn't what was the
temperature that was day Africa bro it's
so forgettable yeah I know what you're
talking about beyond tomorrow it's the
movie that killed Tron 3 it was the
Disney movie Tomorrowland Thank You
fales been so Tomorrowland was getting
shit reviews and was forecast to start
bombing
yeah and so Brad Bird before
it opened started teasing Incredibles -
before his movie that was gonna bomb
started opening nan Krebbs - Scott just
gave his career who calmed the masses
and save his career he started teasing
Incredibles - I remember that and I
remember giggling but yeah I mean
Incredibles is a great movie ya know so
Brad Birds a great well I didn't see
Tomorrowland but a guy and Incredibles
are great gives the Iron Giant yeah it's
great my favorite Avenger classic its
classic okay that's all we got we are
caught up on tips let's thank some
people boom let's thank some people this
is the time and you know I know I say
this a lot but and any video could be
someone's first video so we're gonna
thank all the people who subscribe to us
during the stream much like I have to
snapper
i has the sniper I like that
Oh has the sniper my cosmic 13 months in
a row
thanks for 13 months of laughs guys oh
sorry subscribers will get it whatever
okay Joerg hland has subscribed for 13
months in a row now and your claim says
here's hoping this is not a fucking
unlucky month sorry it is it's just I'm
sorry it's almost over though this month
that's true that's true they're almost
through it they're almost through it
Lego face Lego faces
nice mochi b85 has subscribed to us for
25 fucking months in a row mochi says
happy 25 month anniversary $5 for 25
months about 6.90 cents in Australia in
this economy that's dedication
it is and thank you very much we really
appreciate it mochi xeno Trobe 24
fucking months in a row Sagan 12 20 18
months in a row once my ball fuck fuck
in my butt button it's free country Jack
they can write what this is what they
wants a basket of pups subscribes and
says can't wait til you review the
original pong is there any review of
pong that could be done could that could
we even like make something funny out of
that like try to seriously review pong
yes you could guess what we're fucking
stealing your idea basket of pups done
stolen happening I'll tell you how when
we're done okay Theodore J hooker 23
fucking months in a row bill a heck of
25 fucking months in a row and they
wrote a thing scroll scroll back up fine
intentionally it's fun 25 fucking months
what have I done with my life yes I
adore you heck frogs thank you thank you
word yak lordy axe says how about The
Killing Joke movie well lordy AK then
you'll be happy to know we spent most of
the stream talking about how we hate it
even though we haven't seen it
accordian miller 17 months in a row i
wish you guys had actually reviewed
Kazaam on best of the worst these the
Shaquille O'Neal to obvious to obvious I
mean eventually we have to do a
Shaquille O'Neal 9 Wilkins the clown 18
months in a row crunky subscriber for
four months now I finally get to hear
about Jax but stuff I think that was the
dating advice that I gave to someone is
don't date someone in your office
because then if you break up to them you
still have to see them don't take some
work ok and then I said and you know
like if you're into like the weird butts
they'll start telling everyone I mean
ever that's where the poop comes out you
know I'm never I'm never sticking that
in an output that's nice no that's just
wrong man literally there's a whole like
nature takes over written in written in
I like that I like that
Chakotay has culture hahahahahahaha
every time it gets me jyggalag 35 says
thanks for everything keep up the good
work
we'll try tour-guide mixin Krieger 7 8 3
22 fucking months in a row Thank You
Harry fed 18 months in a row van drain
ahthe Bend rinse maybe then I drove n
drinks oh you know what I like I saw the
Dre in there yeah the d-r-e and I was
like dr. Dre you can't forget about Dre
you were getting your hip hop on they
ain't nothing to fuck with van Rijn
knowledge junkie 12 months in a row
entering year two of hack frauds the
point of no return it's true it's true
see Danny chick and evil crash 9 thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we really really do you guys
and while we were thinking
Lloyd beats said not to freak anyone out
but you got a tip that sounded like
someone killed Mason Lee Mason Lee has
been eliminated and keep that tip in
case Mason Lee turns up dead it's it's
in here it's in here it's in here yeah I
don't know what that was about
where was that even I'm Kenny Powers I'm
not gonna brag to us about that shit
probably not we've ever said it but it
wasn't an anonymous like you can tip
anonymously like they've used their
screen name so they're somewhat
traceable let's see here and I has to
sniper says Jack you need to watch
community it's a staple of comedy in my
opinion here's my fro I know that
eventually
community gets good i watch the pilot
episode of it and i said yeah and then i
watched the second episode and I still
felt pretty mad about it yeah and I hear
that the first season is kind of shaky
but once they hit season 2 then it's
great but then it goes down again for
season 5 they just start watching season
two I am a completist I really like want
that's why I can't get into the new
Doctor Who by the way I can't get
through that yeah but they have a clear
starting for that first season with the
name Eccleston Christopher Eccleston
yeah but I think like right at episode 2
it starts swinging up that first fucking
episode is teri I watched like five
episodes and they just didn't really do
it for now I'm sorry I'm really sorry
ma'am and Yeti machetes 67 Hey right
thank you thank you they subscribed
because they want you to keep up with
that doctor who they told me in the chat
I like that name it's a good name Yeti
machete
you hit the button yet no no we're still
talking what we were having a nice cover
oh and now on Steam you know we were
just having a nice tour awkward ending
when you can't even have this thing set
up ahead of time how are we supposed to
do that
god damn it god darn it you haven't done
it yet have you no I'm waiting you now
your mouse is just hovering there and
I'm waiting for you to do it you're just
not gonna do it
fuck I got shit to do jack have a nice
night
