Jan 17, 2016
Undertale
https://www.twitch.tv/video/54283335
https://www.twitch.tv/video/54283492
https://www.twitch.tv/video/54283655
https://www.twitch.tv/video/54283821
https://www.twitch.tv/video/54283941
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOc5g9WT0Xc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xj_UzKDwSSQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5Nm4XWga30
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzHZv-J4bmg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6l_ZaeidYs
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/688858215161966592

[Part I]
it appears as if we're recording I got
the email that we were going on that we
were going is there some kind of twitch
issue going on is there twitch you yeah
I see my I see myself in my end hey
there you go are you is the sporadic
outages everybody hit refresh everybody
who can't see us hit refresh let
everybody who can't see us still know to
hit refresh because we can hear we say
to hit refresh you don't need to hit
refresh that's true that would be a
waste of time true well yeah the echo
was because rich was watching on stream
I was computer everything's fine now
okay okay so I guess we should start
from the top we're gonna start from the
top because I started telling a story
but apparently no one heard it because
the channel is it up so here's my
incredibly exciting story about my
wasted day okay it's not I mean now it's
built up a little bit but it's just it's
a Jack story so prepare to be
disappointed so my love of text
adventures and you guys were talking
about this in the chat you were talking
about frog fractions frog fractions was
the very first text adventure game I
ever played yep
and I loved it it was so much fun
spoilers for frog fractions I guess and
then we started playing the space quests
and the police class and those are great
I fell in love with text adventures I
even found an app for my phone called
fronts fr otz mm-hm and it's a way where
you can play text adventures on your
phone it's great and so I was playing
this particularly clever one called the
counterfeit monkey or maybe the curse
that the counterfeit monkey I don't know
but I'm falling in love with it again
like I was up late last night and just
laying in bed and playing the
counterfeit monkey on fronts it was
great so this morning I get the really
dumb idea in my head where it's like oh
you know what didn't I look into this
before about like ways to make your own
text adventure game would that be fun
like and and I came across a few
programs and one promised no programming
needed use simple language make your own
text adventure in minutes like oh this
can't be you know I but it is
pre-program
yeah downloaded the program and started
watching tutorials it's called um hold
on I had this already it's called in
foreign it's called inform and I started
watching tutorials and like the guys neo
showing you how to do this and you write
it all in real language and so you say
like the the main hall is a room to the
east of the main hall is the grand hall
even then like you just hit go and boom
you have two rooms in your text
adventure that's all you need like a ho
oh this sounds great and then you know
like the tutorials like here's how you
put items in now you can pick up items
and like there's all this built in
programming language I was like so I get
this dumb dumb idea in my head this
morning you know I'm gonna make a really
quick text adventure game before the
stream tonight so rich can play it okay
I can totally do this I'm gonna make a
space cop text adventure game and you
know like it was gonna be so simple
right it was like Space Camp is gonna be
in his one-room apartment and he has to
drink a beer like that's gonna be it
that's gonna be the game the beers gonna
be in the fridge and that was gonna be
it as I was like I was like that's the
dumb ID I got in my head today and I get
very very focused especially like when
it when it comes to things that I don't
understand cuz like I'm gonna figure
this out so I love games so much like I
just love figuring stuff out and so I
started writing it's like oh this is
neat and you know oh I can do this
really simply and here's what I wanted I
wanted it so you like in minutes you
can't you can make rooms you can make
items you can pick up items in minutes
yeah
and so I got I got a little
over-enthusiastic okay so I said okay I
want to start with a dream space cop
space cop is dreaming about his dead
wife
okay and and in the dream the dead wife
says space come they shot me in my
fucking face and I wanted the player to
have to type wake up to get out of the
dream yeah but apparently that's hard to
do okay cuz you could like I couldn't
find anywhere I couldn't find any
tutorial that said like how do you make
a player space a a very specific thing
in order to progress yeah there's none
of that sounds like oh I have to maybe I
have to make the dream a room and create
a certain like if-then statements and if
they type in anything else it'll just
say they shot me in my fucking face
until they can type wake up I couldn't
do it
hours I spent hours trying to get like
trying to tell the game I wanted the
player to type wake up huh couldn't do
it okay so fuck it I found a way to like
start in a dream and then start in the
room right yeah so it's like okay here's
here's my grand plan space cop needed to
answer the hollow phone and get a beer
from the fridge and the fridge had a
lock on it okay
so you got it you have to find the code
to open the fridge and answer your
holophone and then that'll be the whole
game super easy it's a really long code
to open the first well you know I was
gonna make it easy yeah like like maybe
the code was in space cops chair and you
had to like inspect the chair to find a
piece of paper the code and you know
yeah again I was trying to make it
really really sense yeah yeah I couldn't
get the code to work because I could
find out you can find a way to unlock
and lock doors but you needed keys it's
like no I don't want a key I want a code
I want to type in a code but I couldn't
do it mm-hmm and I got very focused I'm
like figuring out how to make a code
open a locked door and it just did not
work send me feedback well what I
discovered is the thing I discovered was
that even though it uses plain English
as a coding language you have to
understand exactly what plain English to
use and so you know you can say like
space cops apartment is a room but if
you want anything more in depth than
rooms and items in rooms you need to
figure out basically how to code yeah
but it's not just regular code its
coding in there special coding language
so that's just like well fuck I could
just use flash man and learn how to code
for real Yoda
yeah so basically my entire day was me
trying to figure out their weird-ass
programming language and failing I'm
sorry
it's alright they need a better program
it sounds like well or I just need to
learn how to really program stuff so I
actually did I spent way too much time
today I want to say I spent eight hours
today just trying to get a one room text
adventure game off cuz that's the idea I
got in my head this morning wasted my
entire day watching tutorials and
reading manuals at least you were trying
to be productive it was cold outside I
took a nap that's my day yeah I had to
play a video game for work that were
reviewing but instead I overslept
because I took a nap that's my day I was
Richards day right so that was my story
like let's see I think even that's
better I would have preferred a nap
because at least after a nap you feel
refreshed it's like you got some sleep
no I cuz I ended up sleeping way too
long though it didn't end up being an
abandoned that Bing like a second sleep
cold um cuddled in my blanket who is it
oh my god
well that's the thing like I texted you
this afternoon like I normally do and
then I didn't I didn't hear back from
you until like five o'clock because I
had not left my computer since noon like
all the sudden you texted me and I ran
it's dinnertime and I realized that my
lunch plate is still right next to me it
was a horrible horrible day so that's
the basically what I what I figured out
is I'm just gonna figure out how to
really code stuff and then I will
actually have a useful skill instead of
learning this code language that isn't a
real language yep but but that's it
that was my Jack had a bet I did well I
failed is basically what happened I
didn't have a bad time I failed I
learned through failure that's okay and
now that was my that was my story of my
ways today so now we can play some
wonder Dale are you ready for goofy
voices and we ready to see what this
thing has to say I'm ready
who wants to be heat flames Minh Oh
boots flames that's Yuri creepy he's a
little guy I don't
was that a character before oh my god oh
this Picasso cheese okay where this
smell in that guy's room I guess it's
just easy to clean
yeah tell us about wanna buy a hot dog
it's only 30 g fuck yeah thanks can
here's your dog Oh Sam's it's very wait
see good buy another one oh whoops I'm
actually out of hot dogs oh yes I gave
you my last one
you know a pervert hey I'm not judging
I'd be out of a job without folks like
you okay Alfie's posted a picture Jenner
was a courier with the girlfriend that
sands and Alfie do not mix picture of a
cat girl figurine little Bowl it's a
picture of a cat girl figurine next to a
bowl of instant noodles
those voices are too different and and
that's that's whiplash Hill Skelton 95
posted pictures
are we posting hot pics here is me and
my girlfriend that's a picture if that
is flexing
oh this is missing properties of papyrus
them I think that's the cool friend
giant muscular biceps are pasted on the
biceps are also wearing sunglasses
hello el cool scout legs baby five let's
that's a joke right
I think I hate this social media thing
even in Game four oh wait this is yeah
that is you go ahead that is you we
Paris the old joke here is how strong my
muscles are hey now Jesus try to move
the microphone away from my mouth every
time I do Myers as I scream OH
sudden der plane a sax not because it's
jealous Vulcan is paying attention to
you opens the other one to go look at
his finger come to do Oh
the only update we have about space cop
shipping is that they are getting them
we're doing a company that if you have
to remember we're we're like a three-man
operation yeah I can I can guarantee
that pretty much every copy of space cop
has been personally handled by like all
of us yeah and there's just a bottleneck
but how many we can do are our printer
because you can only be logged into
PayPal in one station so we only have
one printer printing out labels right
there's a bottleneck where trust me well
I downstairs cuz Sunday we could mail
anyway yeah there's there's just there's
a lot there's a lot waiting to go out
yep there they are leaving the door as
fast as possible so everyone who did
ordered will get them digital version no
word yet it's out when it's out I don't
know what the issue is there but a bunch
of this I don't know I hope it comes out
soon I want you guys to see it so bad
would you guys autograph blu-rays yes we
will autograph anything in the PayPal
comments make a comp coming make a
comment about who you want to autograph
it and it will happen
which one is back XR busy
xxxx is back I mean there's there's
there's many of us there are only red
letter media employees three people rich
J and Mike that's it I'm here to help
when I can but also like rich say
bottleneck as far as printing stuff out
getting into the air beginning and
getting into the post office to the
airplane we take it right to the
airplane
anyway yes all these things space cop
has a 9.3 on IMDB as anybody who's
gotten there cannot be like commented on
it yet I don't know
oh nevermind it's a sizzling nine point
nine out of ten on IMDB yes
Napster maps napstablook 22 is sitting a
friend requests maps spam napstablook
which one was that which one was that
jack was from so many undertale
characters sure it's that point I know
John like me and Josh are not employees
of red letter media we just come here to
help out and watch movies and play video
games an apron
what
okay that's interesting napstablook as
the ghost which goes yeah yeah which is
entire
well yeah there are no two hotdogs on
your rim shot rim shot rim shot
give me my rim shot I its riches only
job is a red letter media and of course
I'm pretty right I I do work outside
arrived I'm a freelance editor and video
producer until I edit and produce videos
or corporations last one oh my god stop
don't get any more than skeletal
snoodles would like to say got my sign
to space got blu-ray yesterday watched
it today loved it was everything I could
hope for and more now get back to work
on the sequel you Schmucks thank you
skeletal snoodles I like I said I've
watched it a bunch since I got my blue
Donna is great I'm super excited super
excited for everyone to see it it's so
super weird watching yourself super
weird
hi it's dr. Alfie's this boosts up up up
a puzzle it's kind of tiny switches over
there you'll have to press on all three
of them within three seconds oh I'll try
at home you would with rhyme rhythm or
the rival or the rhythm
rich yes
one small ball has a request for you in
your space cop voice say roll tide roll
yeah
a bitch
oh god bitch get on your back
all those switches ensue tyranny source
rocks no there is no there is no
official fuck bot cameo in space cop
because space cop is a real movie so we
couldn't we couldn't get fucked bottom
oh I keep missing it we couldn't work on
a contract in time we know there was
there was a big you know there was a
kerfuffle Oh denied by the phone okay
now president limit listen thirdly hey
looks like looks like you only only need
to press that do them whoops
that's the last time I try to hold the
puzzle LMAO LMAO hold the Mayo
hey hey I'm going to the bathroom I just
wanted you to know that so I'm I'm going
to be FIA for a bit
could be the bathroom for a while I'm
sure you can handle this puzzle by
yourself don't ask me what I'm doing
about I love this character take that
one up
nice I think first figure out where you
have to go maybe you have to go left
there's this which is every other one
oh so nice we we need that to be in the
down position when I jump over here no
you need to be in the right position
when you jump over I don't think you
need to go up I think you need to go
left
see like
things that but you can't go there cuz I
don't want to think it
I love alphas like Alfie's is I love the
character just because it's so
stereotypical nerd so when you land on
that left home the arrow needs to be
facing right so when you press on this
way to it we face in life oh we need to
get over here yeah
and and when you land I I think I get it
now I was thinking that top one would
take me to a screen up north for some
reason oh okay okay I get I get it I
understand hey free life that that's not
gonna do
oh no no you can't get over that
mr. yes everyone had an LPS out there
school but you guys up to it what do you
guys up to cause if you if you're not
updating the oh I'll come and hang out
with you whatever you want to hang it
down okay all the air do I hang out
later
combined brainpower threw up against the
puzzle right look Joe getting rich up
get it I believe Rich Dubee sandwich
it says rich as a Star Trek fan what do
you think of galaxy Frost hashtag r.i.p
psi this question has been previously
answered what do you think of Galaxy
Quest that's great I can't get much more
detailed that's great I was really
worried when I
I reluctantly watched Galaxy Quest
because it's advertising and trailer
made it seem like it was going to be a
really crappy movie Galaxy Quest is good
enough that I can't stand Tim Ellen but
I like Galaxy Quest yeah the the trailer
for Galaxy Quest and all the advertising
for Galaxy bus make you think that it's
going to be a very dumb movie and got
kind of got a like a dumb premise but
how do I do this how the hell am I
supposed to do this I haven't been
and yeah that's that's a big pass
I do that but that fucks me up right so
you need to come at it from the bottom
somehow the music is getting louder than
your voices in this section of the game
I'm sorry
there you go nice
okay just took care of that
now wait what happens if you go left
right now nothing
oh you can't okay I didn't know if you
could like get off it and press it again
don't know okay head back right doesn't
help
I head down
we're gonna have to do an odd thing yeah
and literally odd-numbered thing yeah
but then I can't go over no but now you
go up that's gonna reset thinks it's
gonna be cuz there's no switch up right
now
that helps oh no I well no I wanted you
to go up and then down
that's what I did when no I meant up and
then down down sorry oh sorry I that way
that was my mistake I didn't alright so
you want me to go up I want you to go up
dumb and now into the exact down and
down down we'll Mort so now we have to I
guess yes now go to get off now I'll go
up there that's exactly what
interesting
okay so what happens if you go up now oh
right down now go left now go up now go
down
now go up again
Booya now go on
there okay easy sorry oh the one of
those not have a switch and I didn't
notice oh gee people think Duke Mewtwo
is part of that beauty what lol that's a
joke right fucking joke me too and it
makes my it makes me sick the knife
don't like I mean talk about cash is
equal completely ruin all the
characteristics of you'll do snake in
the guard and says hey guys any chance
of a European friendly stream soon never
get to see you guys live and would love
to join in the chat but usually starts
at 1:00 a.m. my time we didn't know and
then yes we do we do that now and then
we will make another concerned effort to
do one an earlier stream last month even
I think okay yes we love will do another
European friendly stream another like
what tell me in the chat snake in the
garden what is a what's in a what's an
appropriate starting time our time keep
in mind that right now did the math for
central because I'm too lazy to do the
math for you right now it's 7:30 because
I don't give no fucks I'll do a stream
at 7:30 every goddamn stream for all I
give a shit it's 7:30 for us right now
knowing the mouse might one day hack the
computerized safe and get the cheese it
fills you
perfect snot that's absolutely perfect
there's a piece of cheese inside this
computerized laser safe the lasers have
melted the edge of the cheese it's stuck
to the table if we start about 1:00 p.m.
o mg till they get it ruins Boo Boo's
entire character arc I love it that
Alpheus is still talking about new new
one but you beaut to review you kissy
cutie twos these are kissing their
cuties it's trash zero stars worst view
view ever yeah well do we'll do one of
those like start in the afternoon
streams we can do I don't know what
character this is yet okay so I'm just
gonna say hey you stop okay until we get
some kind of cues okay oh oh oh hair
weave weave like we like received an
automated autonomy kept your body human
wearing that's great good they told us
who you were you were wandering around
hot and right now I know how scary huh
well yeah bring two will bring you
someplace safe okay
what is it bro shirt you're wearing like
we're buried
well brah are you thinking hey well I'm
thinking you'd like my god and bang
Tommy we like actually totally well the
Royal Guard attacks yeah it's kind of
like Tommy yeah a Tommy version of Tammy
clean armor just try cleaning their
armor you have to touch our G ones armor
your hands slip off whoa like a handcuff
the Merc hey whoa whoa whoa bro my gob
oh wow nice big ass sweat pours from o
to Zamora oh okay sweat that's pretty
good indication go - OH - its Bert check
yeah clean armor maybe clean average
it's alright it's cooling dirt begins to
wash away o night prepare to die right I
think those a good call on the sweat
yeah Oh - watches your movements alright
would you want to know which one I say
stick without - you know you eat it we
know what to do with him clean his armor
again
you clean twos armor it's cool and dirt
begins to wash away yeah you're heating
up I thought that was related to sweat
it was that the spot was the indicator
nice isn't it much easier with the with
the arrows think cell phone with the
controller Oh two watches your movement
it's cooling through up against the wash
away your like gag or whatever yeah I
already put I'm gonna catch you Oh can't
damn dog you've been hitting that gym
much better our one looking bothered by
something okay now go for our one now
let's go for I'll be like your item oh
yeah you probably need a head day where
are the hot dogs
can you go to another page oh hey
fucking rich
you eat the hot cat urate fuse next oh
good dude well whoa well okay joette
pores from oh twos are murder check out
a one now and see what the deal is with
him
maybe whisper oh I knew this was coming
this was coming a kiss then hug kiss
then hug kiss that hug good a you yeah I
can't I can't take this anymore
not like I did okay like I do like I
like like you bro wave fight the way you
talk
superhot pet I love doing team attack
with you man you're my man bro and you
offered my bro man I know standing here
with you pumpkin
waving our weapons and kink oku I like I
want to stay like this forever I mean I
got you bro that was perfect yeah that
was perfect I was thinking about that I
had this in my hand
oh one yep yeah but do you do you want
to like get some ice cream
like after did you go bro up some ice
cream sure dude oh you can run away now
they're looking at each other just happy
man they're growin there bro it up the
road and dude I'm your bro dude that was
great wait uh how's how's the human
doing
it's Upton shows that biggie fur you
forget to your your frickin job that was
gruff Nick military hey guys long time
rlm prereq fan keep up the good work
these streams have gotten me through
many dull and frustrating days at work
thanks guys thanks for coming by and
supporting my where do you work
well maybe if it's dead this time of
night it would probably be boring so and
maybe he watches the YouTube videos well
okay I back another darkroom huh don't
worry my hacking skills I've got things
covered whoo hello hey oh are you
serious oh good evening beauties and
gentle beauties this is mettaton
reporting live for MTT news and
interesting situation has arisen in
eastern heartland
fortunately our correspondent is of
their reporting live brave correspondent
please find something newsworthy to
report our 10 wonderful viewers are
waiting for you you're the correspondent
yep
basketballs up last isn't it darling
too bad you can't play with these balls
their empty seat print fashion
basketballs for wearing not playing you
can't get rich and famous like moi
without beautifying a few orbs that is
that's definitely bad for that's a
metaphor let's slip on okay we have to
find something Newsbreak yeah yeah
that's just a ball that's lying there
it's not it's not that's not huge it's
not gonna be the first thing we find
it's from a place but you're right
you're right Oh dog what a sensational
opportunity for a story I can see the
headline now a dog exists somewhere
frankly I'm blown away
as per journalistic standards a death
force field surrounds the area of injury
oh my it's a present
and it's addressed to you darling
aren't you just bursting with excitement
hmm what could be inside well no time
like the present to find out this video
game you found is dynamite
though I don't make an appearance in it
until 3/4 and oh it's it's undertale the
game is through that's a meta it's a
joke it's a joke about the game they
were playing but I like that apparently
from the heavens like mana slacken your
audience's hunger for gorgeous robots oh
that's a marathon
oh no that movie script howdy how'd that
get there it's a super juicy sneak
preview of my latest guaranteed not to
bomb film marathon that movie XXVIII is
the everything robot read me just yeah
movie x x.b i starring marathon okay
thank everyone knows with Roman numerals
I'm thinking like you yeah good text
reading thing would take things
literally sure sure I don't know I
wanted to say yeah which is funnier
which is it's 28th it's funny yeah so I
was right 28 yeah I basically I just
wanted to impress the trek the chat with
my Roman numeral reading I mean my only
concern is which is funnier sure which
is 40 or 28 or XXVIII I've heard that
like the other films Oh
it consists mostly of a single for our
shot of rose petals showering my oh I I
really thought that's a rose power
showering my erection but no showering
on my wreck lining fuck
well I read erection a weird I know it's
not confirmed Rose battles showering my
erection just get it on head you
wouldn't
so no sorry you wouldn't half spoil my
movie for everyone with her promotional
story would you
oh that was close you almost gave me a
bunch of free advertisement I think that
is the one you should be bored I was
probably gonna be one more over here
then we'll make our decision oh it's a
completely nondescript glass of water
but anything could make a great story
with enough spin and his movie would
present for you to present we have a
present from you you you have a video
game which he said is dynamite so I
don't trust that that's an easter egg
cuz its undertale the video game is
undertale yeah but I think if you report
on that it's gonna blow up
what look no the video game the video
games will blow up yeah cuz he said it's
dynamite
oh this is guaranteed not to bomb yeah
don't come so I think this is all
guaranteed not to bomb oh that's clever
shit jack that's some clever shit I
think that's what you're supposed to do
it unless we're supposed to reverse the
meanings of that but I think the script
is what we should do oh you're back
you're on fire tonight you're on fire
I'm on video game fire because I spent
because I spent all day attempting the
program of video game are you just in
the Rossum kind of 4th dimensional video
game plane I'm in the matrix and you can
see through all developer logic that's
right folks
all right I'm going for it do it report
it
let's see what happens attention viewers
our correspondent has found a movie
script oh my it looks like it's for my
latest film let's not keep them waiting
let's open it up and get the scoop oh
what's that
inside the script fuck Oh what it should
have flipped it that ticking sound that
lit fuse Oh looks like I was wrong about
the movie hands and it's about to blast
you to bits
cut to bits you haven't seen the rest of
the room yet oh oh so there was dynamite
at very least there was dynamite yeah
the game dynamite in the present
dynamite and the present the dog would
have been good to report or maybe the
dog would have attacked you maybe the
glass of water is what we should the
glass of water is glowing and we to say
that's poison or something maybe okay it
seems everything in this area is
actually a bomb everything so we're
fucked no matter what yeah
that dogs a bomb that's just fun to say
bad basketballs a bomb even my words are
oh thank you brave correspondent if you
don't defuse all of the bombs this big
bomb will blow you to smithereens in two
minutes
then you won't be reporting live any
longer
Oh terrible how disturbing our nine
viewers are going to love watching this
yes this is our first playthrough of
this game good luck darling
don't worry I I saw the a bomb defusing
program on your phone use the the defuse
option when the bombers are the diffuse
own no no and I'm not now go go go get
them
the defuser
you're fighting the dog fusing the Bob
great job keep heading around the room
trying to go for the one in the
bottom-left next my bottom left one was
the water
okay
nice views rich
oh shit oh I get bottom ops you got this
you got this you got this all right you
got me
okay okay you got ya
nice rich there you go nice defuse nice
defuse present nice nice
seven seconds we're fucked great job
head for the center music ium field to
trap the glass of water in there man oh
man oh man you got this you got this
five seconds
you got this rich extremely agile glass
of water okay go up to the big one oh
well done darling
use the activated all of the bombs if
you didn't deactivate them the big bomb
would have exploded in two minutes
now it won't explode in two minutes
instead it'll explode in two seconds
goodbye darlin it seems the bomb going
off well that's because well while you
were monologuing III I fix a change with
your hacking skills oh yeah oh yeah yeah
that's what I think that's why I did it
seems I've been filed again is this live
no no we recorded this what like a week
ago like a week and it just so happens
that coincidentally someone when we were
recording this a week ago also asked if
it oh no we weren't even streaming when
we recorded this we were just when the
cameras off and everything at least at
least they easy streaming off we just
predicted that somebody would ask if
this was live mm-hmm it was very clever
of us unless they didn't and there's
nobody in the chat acid this is live
then we would very foolish
what's Curcio doctor Alfie's for helping
so much but i don't curse my 8 wonderful
viewers for tuning in until next time
darling oh wow well we we really showed
him huh hey I know it's got a weird
first I really think I I'm getting more
but Bohr yeah Eyeborg
coveted about guiding you so don't worry
about the big robot I'll protect you
from him if it really came down to it we
could you know we could just turn though
later this is Alfie's or Porky Pig yes I
I notice you've been kind of quiet are
you worried about building a score well
don't worry
okay just don't worry everything's gonna
be fine
the kid is this really nice guy I'm sure
you can talk to him and live here your
human soul you can pass through the
barrier through the power of your soul
your human soul so don't worry okay just
just forget about it
it's vile remember to bow and came to
life with you about things like goodbye
I like thinking that Alfie's does say
goodbye after like whatever you know
what is it good - video game Jerry Lewis
the dinosaur that's it's very Jerry
Lewis yes please select a location I
sure I think you went right floor before
we're on the floor - then I guess
Bing right floor one okay oh wait this
is where I started
yeah just making sure
guides says solid bakes equip the dirty
apron in your inventory good try to try
the left three if we were on the floor
to before well go right to that one
right - yeah we I'm a careful if you eat
too many hot dogs
you'll probably get huge like me huge as
in super popular I mean
I'm practically a hotdog tycoon
apparently if we put on the apron we
take less damage okay axes armored and
yes we know about the bronze funds here
in Milwaukee it's retarded it's in
downtown Milwaukee it's just a it is
literally a statue of Arthur Fonzarelli
it's very strange I don't understand its
purpose I forgotten how to get to the
men you see over the year it's very it's
very strange
mostly because Happy Days did not take
place in Milwaukee
it took place outside of Milwaukee it
took place at and it's you know so I
don't know why it's here I don't
understand I don't get it it's dumb
screech was just booked in Milwaukee I
don't know I'm screech lives near here
now going to go to l-3 I think we were
on I wanna make sure we weren't here
this is all one we were here
we weren't no okay unless you were here
or last time being such a strange
oh you're filled with dinner no
oh wait we were here yeah bow-bow
bow-bow was the Fonz from Milwaukee I
don't know I did not just diss the Fonz
what's at the suburbs
it was the suburbs gives you shit that's
fine but not more not like Milwaukee
suburbs it was like like Appleton you
know like how far is Appleton from
Milwaukee very ours okay are you sure
about that I have no clue I don't
recognize oh you're probably what are
you saying is you're probably wrong
probably they don't recall yes it's a
three I don't want to make sure cuz I
wasn't paying attention the last time I
went up an elevator oh yeah and I want
to make sure we didn't miss shit okay so
great great yeah oh who keeps a vodka
gimlet I blew past the screech
revelation who gives a fuck about
screech man well what about screech now
he got arrested again or something
whatever who cares it took somebody with
a knife before fuckin who cares and
Dustin Diamond gay don't get over it
get over it it's very cold / from
DuckTales it's very cold today it is
three degrees today
it's a spider doughnut it looks more
rubbery than usual
we talk well welcome to our parlour very
interested in some spider pastries all
proceeds go to real spiders we have a
great voice
it looks like some sort of powerful
bracelet wait it's just a croissant and
that is a rubbery that is a rubbery
doughnut it's a spider doughnut it looks
small okay spider bakes a tall exhale
all proceeds go to real spiders hi I
ended up buying it I did it once but
that girl even though I told her no she
she kept staring at me and this creepy
waiting you licking lips I'm out of cash
hi Alfie's here wow this room is like
it's like that Ruby saw before there are
two puzzles to the north himself you'll
have to solve them both to proceed also
I I would like to say I well I don't
really like giving away puzzle solutions
but if you need help just just call me
okay give me a call so to be a pick you
like my statuses I'm here I'm here for
you oh no gruff Mik military now thinks
that screech is coming for me because I
said I don't give a fuck about him well
good moderate amount of publicity my old
my own publicity I would refuse it I
would refuse any screech related
publicity ah urban vermin would like to
ask a question rich are you or Mike or
Jay doing promo for space cop like
podcast appearances blog interviews etc
love the stream guys do you ever
call each other Harlech or chard like
you're in Top Gun no ok so shared chart
is more a thing just between me and
Karen for the most part yeah but as far
as promo work well we do so yeah we know
each other nicknames no never know in
high school I used to call Mike stone
yeah yeah stow still close oh but I
hastened then that ended I don't know
why it ended it just ended that's a
weird nickname new though yeah next time
next time I see him I'm gonna call him
and see if he reacts
he probably rolling I'm very confused it
probably hasn't heard that 15 years I
don't know and promo is how you guys
doing any promos hey it's not a
conversation I've had with my courage a
so it's not it's not come up
least not what I've been around so I
just saw if you follow both red letter
media and Paul Scheer on Twitter Paul
Scheer is apparently trying to wrangle
red letter media for some sort of epic
Star Wars podcast discussion and Paul
Scheer is great so I hope they do it by
the way if you're curious why my Steam
name is charmed well that's the thing
with me and Karen it makes so much sense
once you know cut off the first couple
letters of my name and you get churned
also rich hard yeah
charred also well here's here's how it
started I didn't realize that until you
thought Karen's name yeah is spelled
weird it's instead of an e it's got an
eidetic karen everybody ever might have
spelt it wrong that's fine that's fine
many policies I haven't I haven't gone
out of my correct it because keep help
keeps 4chan away that's fine I think
most people know by now you know the
stalkers have figured it out yeah so
what's the point now yeah but everyone
like always spelling Karen or think it
was Karen yeah so well I just started
calling her Rin one day last three
letters her name just to emphasize the
the I
and then one day shortly after nearly
burning down my grandmother's house
Karen started we call it started calling
me charge so it's got a double meaning
both the last part of my name and the
fact that I almost burnt my
grandmother's house down be cool yes
it's a great school yes our alum on how
did this get made I would love that yes
that would be cool but I think this is
actually for a different like specific
Star Wars related podcast but that uh
that Paul Scheer does but I started
calling Karen rim just people would get
the fact that ring I n yeah and one of
her friends is just sweet girl complete
complete our head started calling her
ring doesn't completely missed the point
that's fine back

[Part II]
that's fine that's fine back back to the
game actually wait I have an idea
yeah let's let's be friends under net
but then you could just pig me what you
need help fuck wait
we're already friends aren't we oh god I
hope I sighed yeah did I did I even
you've been reading my post this with
the whole time
well well I hope you were briefly about
noob YouTube because it's just it's
terrible it's a travesty
okay alright
looks like we're going up
that only takes me back you have to
there's a puzzle on top theorem and the
puzzle in the bottom of the room and you
need to clear both of those puzzles
before you can go to the right of the
room is what he said so choose your
destination
oh okay oh and you only have one shot
well how does this work I didn't do this
oh you so you have to clear you just
have to have a clear space from the
yellow arrow to the white arrow okay but
all of these black boxes move whenever
you press any direction I was kind of
neat
yeah nice simple focus
no potions on that
yeah you got it fucked up
like this music
I like this be like what that's right
dr. Lyon these are this is a puzzle as
fuck you know puzzle like that puzzle
puzzle quest
you could do a rich I believe in you
I cannot I believe in you because I am
stupid pants this dream has lost around
23 viewers since we started that is
incorrect midget testicles we how when
we started streaming we had about 300
years I have a fun little thing here to
tell that gives me an info graph of how
many people have been on there when we
started trimming we had 312 viewers and
that has steadily risen for the most
most part of the stream we had about 539
and now we've capped off at 600 so it's
not our highest was 613 so we may have
lost 13 viewers but we're still we're
still doing pretty good still doing
pretty good I have no idea what I'm
doing but
oh yes thank you time to research that's
who Paul Scheer is he was also on human
giant of really great really grow you
know the solution no but I can figure
out yeah
nitrous oxide I figured out the last one
so
I think the key is that flip up top what
oh I thought we needed to make a line up
and down there I misunderstood oh sorry
yeah you were firing the thing from the
yellow arrow to the white arrow and so
he's made it clear oh I thought we
needed to make a path from the arrow to
the arrow well yeah no I mean like line
it up in that section like like a tube
oh sorry then I then I did a very poor
job of explaining it to you and I'm very
sorry it's okay
shit happens shit happens great urban
vermin or gruff McMiller says jack or
rich my girlfriend wants to know next
best of the worst yeah and I think I
just talked to Jay about filming that
one recently so yeah my favorite medics
were on moment right right what
everything looks the brightest he poses
to erratically like when he's on a
cooking show on the eggs don't turn out
right yeah he's like a box I don't know
I don't know what boys to do with them
well I'm trying to track of the jack but
work also dude puzzles
what happened in the chat now Oh someone
said well because your girlfriend the
Lance of that one for some reason very
funny Jack it's obvious that you do work
for rlm prereq works for RM weather it
likes it or not apparently well you know
kinda jack does not get an oral and
paycheck free records our own thing it's
Philly ated with our om
yeah I do not get a paycheck firm we're
all friends it doesn't matter that
everyone everyone does get really caught
up in this whole like is this our real
job what do you guys do for work thing
it's like imes fine
you know how you did this blue laser
before what's the deal here
oh it's like blue just don't move the
thermal
oh my god how do you get past the orange
oh you have to move to get password yeah
hey hey hey y'all this is up this
doesn't have anything to do with guiding
you but hey hey would you would you want
to watch a human TV show together
sometime it's called um mucus security
that's this is your call you're playing
right now
oh well oh well you are such a jerk
that's okay he's been helping you
through the puzzles been guiding you
through this deadly labyrinth you can't
have a much neater view kids he hugs
with them yeah she has she get out of
here
yeah I just I just thought I'd ask
I've guys I do remember but I think
you'd really like it you gave it a
chance
hello columns like the Coliseum rows
columns I remember jack yeah gotta be
honest what you have to be honest about
what everything oh I don't want to watch
mew mew cutie kissy yeah I guess I don't
that's a year
working column Sunnis and Jack is a
slave to our lm9 you know yes yes they
have
Oh No how do I shoot it say you know
like there are obviously there are
obviously situations where cactus you
stop to smell the flowers like there are
situations where I'd love to come and
and like do a bachelorís like the
Christmas episode the canned and
Christmas episode I just couldn't be
here because I had like other work to do
and unfortunately like that's just how
the schedule worked out
I am really upset that I miss ya you
should be it was great that's Christmas
hey yeah the smell of cobwebs fills the
air you're filled with determination
right
I'm glad Jules that you had a good time
watching me realize what counts
sometimes you just need that one thing
that one thing what was there was I was
having trouble remembering one of the
the actors in space cop she came yeah
she gave that's an unusual name and I
could not remember cheek' and I worked
with him on a couple days and I felt
really bad about not remembering his
name he's been in real things he's been
in he's a real actor and he's great and
space cop and I felt really bad and so I
was and rich just came up with a nice
simple little pneumonic device cheek'
and you remember chica because you know
what cheek a likes cheek a likes chips
she had this thing he was eating the
chips GK likes the chips and for summer
and I still remember this to this day is
just like GK likes chips you gotta you
gotta associated associate things as
like columns like the Coliseum like the
columns in the Coliseum it's like oh
that's the one thing I need now
GK likes chips columns like the Coliseum
there's this nice guy he got me a latte
once Lance got me a latte
I remember that states and capitals yeah
back in school I remember Hartford
Connecticut because Hartford heart
surgery connect the cut you make from
the heart surgery there you go Hartford
Connecticut I've never never forgot that
I forgot every other state in capital
but not that one
that's a weird one did you hear what
they said they said a human wearing a
striped shirt will come through yeah
yeah see yeah I heard they hate spiders
yeah I heard they love to stop on them I
heard they liked to care their legs off
I think these are all different spiders
saying these things they all sound the
same okay all every spider they're all
related great I'm not coming up with 80
different voices I heard oh it's her
yeah
how do I do just answer they were an
awfully sticky with their stingy with
its wrong they're awfully stingy with
that money there you go you think your
taste is too refined huh pastries don't
you dare disagree with that nation I
think your taste is exactly what the
next batch needs traps you look at that
Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet
eating her curds and whey a long thing I
know that on the side
what's our strategy here oh sorry money
Oh
okay okay don't look so good
didn't look saved you my dear oh fuck
what what think peple is a better look
on you trip in a strange purple web what
don't give her any more money
or Chappell we should be proud
Oh My Jesus Christ you got this you got
this like fucker face nine Wario says I
don't know here's five dollars thanks
for keeping me entertained we do our
best
thanks man Hilario we try I think you
know you know I think it was fair to
like rich was trying with the paying or
maybe that did something I I don't think
I don't think that's the right call but
struggles muffin is so fused by your
antics that she gives you a discount
oh yeah do I do you were rich reading
game informer no I think I have a
subscription to it because you know you
get the the GameStop power of the card
or whatever so I get it I don't read it
care about Mad Magazine oh nice on it
like that kind of like games writing is
so irrelevant now because any
information it would give you has
already been on the internet a month ago
and I don't find their their stories
that interesting this is different
that's great that's great
I think I like this battle gobbledygook
says are there any reading materials in
the Arlen bathroom or have phones made
them obsolete phones have made them
obsolete yes you just have to make sure
you have a charge before you get it you
know what you know what I have in my
bathroom at home for a tablet there you
go your bathroom tablet it does not
leave the bathroom
well casually what more so more so the
tub
I've taken a hot baths since my back
went bad on me tub yeah I've read I read
the table in the tub I'd be so afraid to
get that thing near water yeah well
there you go that's kind of weird I
don't think I would probably ruin the
tenly I don't think would kill me I
could be wrong no there's fine enough
electrical discharges to kill you it's
just I'd be worried about ruining the
tablet yeah this is I don't have it I
can't afford me tonight it's just a
cheap piece of shit the ipood yeah you
get one of those cheap like Amazon fire
tablets
enough struggling is working yeah
she's reduced the proper and you offered
a lot of thing we have to keep we think
we have to pay yep despite this clap
along to the music
did you check she be yellow check with
oh oh you know Jackie usually gives you
a hint right whoa no that was a
croissant that was like a croissant oh
right it was a croissant or rings Shane
I should do a parlor excuse yourself if
she invites you to her oh if she invites
jewelry it's strange but I saw I saw
them in the shadows changing sheets
croissants
nice nice nice there's odds of Heidi's
up the web around you
oh it's lunchtime isn't it oh my feed my
pet you could eat a spider item to help
you a lot but you have none
yes sir oh so they're saying just
survive hang her slows down your attacks
but it's all just about surviving this
is like with the boss attack oh my god
right elegan and my rights telegin says
whatever new character comes next make
it sound like George Lucas that's what
he's saying I don't care what that tells
I was hoping for Peter Lorre
today actually Peter Lorre my spiders
been trumped in the ruins for
generations
yeah well hot dogs for home I wanted to
save it
nope they're real they go under the dole
snag ins fate code is impossible though
Oh apparently if you either had a spider
donut or the spider cider you could have
ended this fight immediately really yep
it's fine she just pissed at you for not
buying her shit buy my shit
okay here we go here we go here we go
I don't think we've done everything for
the pacifist run I think we might have I
don't know if it counted but I think we
killed that ghost once did we have to
restart you might have kept it simply
killed the ghost so I don't think we're
gonna get the pacifist run well I don't
that counts as a death it's a ghost I
didn't say it died oh yeah
the next voice needs to be Michael Caine
we'll get my cocaine in there
Steven ater PC hue boys managed to order
a copy of space cop before they sold out
me and my mates are looking forward to
watching it but good I'm really PS
Jackie or laugh is underrated you know
it's just a normal well it's no rich
Evans's it's no rich oh Jesus Christ
but I look for I look forward to so many
people seeing space cop huh a telegram
the spiders running the route this the
spiders in the ruins it's brought me a
sense of a Bruins what the saying of
this for you handed you were really
passionate about spiders this is all big
misunderstanding I thought you were
someone that hated spiders the personal
aspects so you must submit a different
human in a striped shirt sorry for all
the trouble to you you can come back
here anytime and for no charge at all
I'll wrap you up and let you play with
my pets again just kidding I'll spare
you now it's over despairing you
fearful self boy says hey Jack me and a
buddy rewatched all three prequels
yesterday to hurt ourselves curious when
you've seen them last the blanket
reviews here's here's how it works
yeah okay yeah yeah pheromones came out
I was excited along with everybody else
of course saw it yeah yeah and then I
saw one more time in the theater because
I had to go with Karen and I wanted to
see if it was really that bad it was
like I was in I was in a state of like
what I you know I was worried about it
because Jedi are inherently boring
characters yeah but then I saw it and it
was just much worse than I thought
you know yeah so there was the to view a
is what I was that theaters I did see it
once on video cuz I was still in a state
of disbelief I've rented it once
no oh my god must been shocked yeah
there's no way it could have been that
bad then attack of the clones at the
theater yeah I really wasn't hyped at
all I wasn't interested
right well it'll be better this time and
I'm like no you are Kara better shit I
was in denial the first no the first was
just all the expenses Matt that at all I
was I was the one saying it can't be
better
we're stuck with these characters these
characters are shit it's unsalvageable
it's already unsalvageable and i want to
see it because you almost have to and i
got in free okay
Mike Mike worked in the theatre of that
and he was you know management liked him
and they got everyone on the theatre I
got to see it like days early mm-hm they
had like a special employee screening
and I got in on that okay I wanted to
leave halfway through the movie I really
honestly I wanted to leave after like
the the forty-fifth talking on a couch
scene I I literally wanted to get up and
leave but I couldn't because I was
invited in for free at an early
screening and it would have been just
like the rudest fucking thing imaginable
it would have been so the last half of
that movie was me just like I want to go
and I couldn't leave
because everywhere I don't like the Sam
yeah episode 3 yeah I did like that
outfit natalie portman where's maybe in
that white jumpsuit yeah I did not go to
see Attack of the Clones the second time
in the theater yeah because I couldn't
stand my first viewing yep yep and I
certainly didn't get it on video or rent
it or anything hmm
and then episode three came out I had no
interest in seeing it at all not even
not even for the curiosity of seeing a
new Star Wars film
and I don't want to go I don't want to
go and Mike and J actually just showed
up at my house like uninvited they just
showed up we're gonna see episode three
I don't want to go oh we're going to see
episode three come on no I don't want to
go they basically dragged me kicking and
screaming to see episode three in the
theater I hated it yeah but God did I
laughs after Darth Vader says the last
the last part of that movie like right
up right up it took before the credits I
was in hysterics I could not stop
laughing I did not see that movie again
in the theater or in video yeah and I
did not the first two were so bad I did
not go to see the third one in the movie
theater and then I did not watch any of
them again until Mike started making the
fellated reviews and I watched some the
movies with Mike gonna take notes and
discuss things that's it so I watched
you know I watched the Phantom Menace
these heck of clones and Revenge the
sith one more time each with him and
they were really long one more times
because the whole time it's like well
let's go back to figure that out what
just happened wait let's rewash that
what what is what is he trying to do
what is puppy right under let's move on
why is he doing this I know let's go did
he say something earlier let's go back
and check yeah
and so like you know I watched it watch
them one more time age but it like took
like four hours four to five hours each
viewing but you know and then I haven't
seen them since I don't have analytical
viewing doesn't even count as a viewing
because you were dissecting yes yes yeah
no and I haven't the first two I haven't
seen since the theater and the third one
I saw what I when it came out on DVD
third one and I those are my only
viewings of them so I mean because I
know they're bad which is worse the
prequel trilogy or Adam Sandler's works
here's here's how it goes the prequel
trilogy jeez ruins something beautiful
Adam Sandler's movies were always ugly
Billy Madison is a great movie whatever
I don't care
Billy Madison I don't care good a full
movie happy Gilmore's all right Billy
Madison is a beautiful beautiful movie
yeah let's give God you know that was
fun people like to hate on the new
things that's why everyone's hating on
force awakens somebody asked me if I
really liked the force awakens yeah I
liked it I don't know that I really
really really loved it really even
really really really like it it's fun
was a good movie best Star Wars movies
destroy the Jedi yeah
the debate is as a whole is it better
than Jedi guys good
Genet parts of Jedi are like great yeah
as a whole I don't think it works
there's a lot of bad things in it
the force awakens maybe doesn't have the
same highs it doesn't have the throne
room scene it doesn't have the glory
that was Jabba's palace but as a whole I
think it's more consistently better than
Jedi was it's you know it's tough
because it's so different totally you
know like it's such a JJ Abrams movie
with the you know like with the with the
wisecracking and the and the you know
what would poke that Poe Dameron you
talk first I thought first who talks
first what's going on like that's not
that's that line right there is not
something that would exist in the
original Troy Star Wars movies that kind
of like quick-witted everybody's having
a great time that's JJ but that fight at
the end of the force awakens done latest
lightsaber fight so so much so much
better than the the soulless emotionless
ballet dances at the Preakness so much
better right to awkwardly swing in there
light swords
not like a dance all right all right
no more Star Wars sorry we got it we got
games oh look it's SpongeBob SquarePants
poster prowl or make them by the tides
of fate hmm and guess who the two
star-crossed lovers are going to be Jack
thanks for recommending the man in the
high castle binge watch it all with my
brother last night anymore show
recommendations Oh was the other one all
caps by the way I think this is your 100
human at the expanse if you if you have
the ability to watch the expanse I've
been really enjoying that so good yeah
yeah five six episodes in that's the one
where it's it's the Sapphire original
and the action is not that good and some
of the special effects are a little
cheesy but the story is good enough to
carry you through like I want to know
what happens next
expands the acting not so great
Leon Fenrir please put this five dollars
towards a plane ticket to Australia I
don't think when are you guys getting
off your American shaped couches and
coming here that's that's a lot God at
be sorry took that's but hey we'll take
that that will put it in the go to
Australia fund we got $5 my one true
love
oh do you like my pretty dress I made it
with curtains and Starshine
oh you have to sing oh my love please
run away monster king forbids your stay
humans must live far apart even if it
breaks my heart they'll put you in the
dungeon it'll suck and then you'll die a
lot really sad you're gonna die cry cry
cry so sad it's happening so sad that
you are going to the dungeon well
Turtles oh nice thank you thank you all
thank you thank you whatever shall I do
my loves has been cast away into the
dungeon hmm a dungeon with a puzzle
so dastardly my paramour will surely
perish oh heavens
have mercy the horrible colored tile
maze each colored tile has its own
sadistic function
I'm so sorry for example a green tile
sounds a noise and then you must fight a
monster red tiles
well actually wait a second didn't we
see this puzzle about 800 rooms ago
that's right you remember all the rules
don't you great
then I won't waste your time repeating
them that's fine I'm here I'm here
oh and you'd better hurry what am i
voices scream mm-hm
because if you don't get through it in
30 seconds you'll be incinerated by
these Jets of fire
ah fuck my pop pop my poor love I'm so
filled with grief I can't stop laughing
good luck my darling
it's falling down now in tears
well hometown shower tiles make them
artful if only they still know about
rules that was sorry
now let's watch oh oh I'm sorry it looks
like you're out of time oh no I know
you're already I'm trying to read the
chat - here comes the flames darling
they're closing in getting closer Oh
watch out look I'll save you I'm I'm
hacking into the firewall right now the
firewall Oh No
how could this happen boiled again by
the brilliant doctor Alfie's at least
I'm wearing my pretty dress
Lilla that's right well I come on but
better time to give up already
you'll you'll never be able to see this
not as long as we work together as a
team then watch Mew kitty cat cutie
watching I've gotten stabbed by on my
video record Asian device your puzzles
over now go home and leave us both long
paws oh oh oh oh darling are you
talking about did you forget what the
green child you they make a sound then
you have to fight a monster
well darling that monster is me taking
off the dress gonna fucking bitches turn
about the best knob what okay wait we
have a couple tips seriously come to
Australia it's not that bad says uh
subscribes to hack frauds I would love
to come to Australia I've never been to
Australia I would love to come to
Australia we got two more dollars in the
come to Australia fund that's seven
dollars in the comfort of Australia far
right just two thousand five hundred
more like that and we'll be in Australia
and we can have a one-way ticket to
Australia what's a year and then let's
see here uh anonymous says hey guys have
you heard about the full-time streamers
taking speed to stay awake during 24 and
48 hour stream of phones would this be
something you guys would be into I can
send stuff to the rlm pioppi no no I can
do a long stream I'll be tired but I'm
not taking speed no no I would never I
would never take even in my drug days I
would not take speed this is it darling
goodbye
is that your phone
you better answer it hey this is bad
don't worry
there's one last leg I installed on your
phone you see that yellow button go go
to those phones embed you and press it
yes Gruff McNeal turn me on speed would
be very scary we you know we'll do we'll
try we'll see if we can think of a good
thing to stream for 24 hours straight
everything I'll just stay awake for 24
hours no the great how these get a bunch
of coffee No
proceed yeah why this is how we do this
what do you mean like why can't you
figure out a way to run away listen to
normal attack I think this is something
different
you've defeated me how can this be you
were stronger than I thought
excetera he walks away goodbye
uh-oh it looks like you beat him you you
did a really great job out there all
thanks to you oh oh oh all the way wait
I have a theory
yep Alfie's created talk about five
thousand yeah so he would have to help
you defeat him so you would fall in love
with him okay that's my theory so I okay
which it doesn't change the fact that we
have an option here yeah well this is
what I'm saying
he's like so Alfie's wants you to say
all thanks to you so you know to be like
oh you're my hero Alfie's I'm gonna be
nice this time it was mean last time you
really want to go mean huh we're not a
jerk we're not playing this like a jerk
I'm sorry I don't think they're gonna
okay I think it's been a fine
great I think it's good to find Emory it
you
she installed the robot defeating phone
app whether or not innocent until proven
guilty Jack you live in America don't
you aren't you an American I do don't
you believe in our values you know what
but I've been watching making a murderer
now oh fuck man
it's so fucked up they're like a
documentary style thing or is it a
fiction thing it's a documentary style
thing and then I'm gonna watch it oh you
need to watch it it's amazing and it
will make you like scared for every
police officer for every police officer
Dov every police oh yeah it's amazing
the police officers make the murder is
it what is it about specifically it's
about Steven Avery who's a guy from
Manitowoc so some a specific traits one
specific story about how he was quite
probably framed for rape and assault and
then after he tried to sue the Manitowoc
police department was then possibly
framed for murder really yes this is
like a real story and it's scary as hell
huh like bait is a real-world story and
this is just like retelling using old
news footage and interviews and stuff
okay it is scary as shit
wait Emory 8:01 here's eight dollars for
the come to New Jersey fund my creepy
basement has plenty of room okay well
there we go a dog Oh wha
oh well I I mean uh you were the one
doing everything cool III just wrote
some stuff like programs for your phone
hey hey yeah this might sound strange
but can I tell you something but before
I met you I I didn't really I didn't
really like what's a little very much
for a long time but I felt like a total
screwup like like I couldn't do anything
with without uh without Eddie got plenty
again for without but but but but
guiding you has made me feel a lot a lot
better about myself
so thank you for for letting me help you
that's very kind of you to do anyway
we're we're almost to the needy car is
it's just best empty
resort go bad let's finish this the real
the real gun says his innocent isn't
really about what the reason what the
doc is about is about how fucked up the
US justice system and I agree with that
the whole thing is it's just all fucked
up just kinda like surfer dude hey do
you again business is excellent here
these two fellas bought all my ice cream
I've actually as sold out of everything
amigo
sorry oh wait there Kemosabe
I'd still got a something for you a big
ol smile about that hey baby
and this kind of told you okay tell me
hey we like taking a rain check on that
killing you do like don't care you got
about me okay hey
Moki b85 says here's two more dollars
for the company I am filled with
determination
nine dollars we have nine dollars for
the come to Australia fun
we're only four thousand nine hundred
and ninety one dollars away just to
making our dreams turn into reality
alright let's see three PL away to the
right for some great deals and then we
have sands it's not to say area I heard
you're going to of the core how about
grabbing some dinner with me first
yeah evening darling Sam's yeah sure
Sam's is always an outstanding all right
thanks for treating me Sam's over here I
know a shortcut
alright well here we are
your journey is almost over
you must really want to go home I know
the feeling
what Oh No maybe sometimes it's just
better to take what's given to you down
here you've already got food there's
what you have to do really worth it let
me tell y'all starring before the story
the real Fionna says here's two dollars
for they come to a Claire Wisconsin fund
now that's that's as more ado let's
puzzle more duels possible to about two
bucks
question so I am a century and Snowden
forest right I said all there watch for
him it's kind of boy
fortunately deep in the forest there's
this huge lock door and that's perfect
for practicing knock-knock jokes
so one day I'm not going about like
usual I knock on the door and say knock
knock and suddenly from the other side I
hear a woman's voice who is there
so naturally I respond dishes dishes who
dishes a very bad joke
go to Wawa then she just howls wet
laughter or pain one of the hose gets
the best joke she's heard a hundred
years so I think I'm coming and she
keeps laughing she's the best audience
I've ever had then after a dozen of them
she knocks and says what does she say
jack
what does she say on the tip that we
just got we got a couple
yeah we got a graphic military says
here's two big ones to add to the Miami
connection fund come down and see us for
the dragon sound concert that will never
happen
thanks gruff so now work through $11
okay
mister sister Pfister just sent us a tip
and say Brenau saber mao the spirit of
1776 so if you go overseas you bring
America with you also Jack should share
some of his overwatch hype with rich so
you can play simultaneously on the same
team when it gets here rich does not
like our mine only multiplayer shooters
so I don't know if I can share my hype
with them but it you know what rich is
sharing his XCOM to hike with me so I
think there's gonna be a little bag
Thank You saver mouths okay I say who's
there old lady old lady who oh I did not
know you could yodel
Wow
needle needless to say you don't need us
to say this woman was extremely good
wake up telling each other jokes for
hours eventually I had to leave a Pyrus
gets kind of cranky without his bedtime
story but she told me to come by again
and so I did then I did again and again
if you know what I mean I kept coming
she kept letting me come back it's a
thing now my thing I made a baby she had
a baby because I kept fucking her in the
door in the florist you through the door
as a whole I read a hole by repeatedly
banging at the door with my god that's a
cock shaped hole which is basically just
like a whole but Sanz is having a really
beautiful moment here making a big joke
I know okay great I know it's all I got
cuz I'm not creative enough to get
creative jokes okay telling bad jokes
through the door and by bad jokes I mean
savage fucking just savage
and rolls one day though I noticed she
wasn't wearing any panties she wasn't
laughing very much I asked her what was
up
the answer was my god so I kept fucking
my a sir what was up then she told me
something strange if a human ever comes
through this door could you please
please promise something watch over them
and protect them well you not now I hate
making promises and this woman I don't
even know her name but someone who
sincerely likes bad jokes has an
integrity you can't say no to solve or
not says here's five dollars for the
come to Denver fine these are all
separate funds these are all separate
funds you guys need to consolidate or
else we're never gonna reach our goals
and we don't consolidate I'm sorry also
do you have an email address which I can
send you steam gifts yes prereq at red
letter media dot-com PR e
ruc at red letter media comm do you get
what I'm saying I love your sans voice
so much that promise I made her
you know what would have happened if she
hadn't said anything buddy bow friend
dad where you stand
she just got real hey lighten up Paco
I'm just joking with you besides haven't
I done a great job protecting you and
Irene
look at yourself you haven't died a
single time
hey what's that look supposed to mean
now am I wrong how many times did you
die playing this fucking game oh my god
I did a horrible job of protecting you
no snake in the garden I checked with
the Australians I checked with the
Australians they agreed to the visit
Ireland fund could get could get all
their dunno let's see here we have $20
for the come to north California fund oh
this sounds like a nice one right
actually picnic Oh see the redwoods from
gobbledygook s-- helpful tip in lake
tahoe dead hookers don't float to the
surface
oh and also we should check out DC
Universe Online from the ps4 it's fine
you fucks
and we have two extra dollars for $20
gobbledygook scan run that joke into the
ground we have two extra dollars just
for the prereq World Tour fun general
two dollars in the slush fund and you
subscribe to act front okay okay how's
it well that's all take care of yourself
kid okay someone really cares about you
some cow lady who I keep fucking I don't
think neither I think the way to ban the
door was it like our real mother now you
don't think that was the cold lady for
the beginning I don't think that was the
cow lady for me I think it's gonna be
good okay I guess I could um let's see
here we have two extra dollars for the
before they come while yelling to
Australia Fund so now we have thirteen
dollars in the come while yelling oh my
God look at this creepy guy Oh
thinking back here I realize they forgot
to make a reservation but they didn't
want to look like a mess table so I kept
walking me me anyway now I'm just kind
of consuming doing off these viscous but
like Vegas no I like Fisk is better
you're right
oh it's Hellboy little wind-up mazes
with puzzles in order to foil humor
attacks what our Billington's winding
and confusing some awful tradition has
old two feet without being up your
armpit comedian I'm very funny people
gonna laugh at my jokes but release they
line up on your jokes at first and then
then they all turn against you it's not
very fun when people do that simple just
people just don't understand what I'm
trying the same with with my jokes I
have a vision I keep changing my
punchline that's because you know that's
the way I originally wanted the
punchline to be that way but some other
comedians have have taken my jokes and
they're bad they're basically white
slavers just taking my jokes and abusing
them some people say they tell them
better but I think I think they're
they're they're they're just as bad as
white slavers no my son he when he wants
to be a comedian like this was thought
huh
that's nice this guy is supposed to be
some kind of like Bronx first yeah
Boston person I guess but was this fun
of an old no it's family so haters gonna
be George's father but it's jokes well
huh well not very funny not like not
like my jokes I told much better jokes
than my son
well nobody laughs but they just don't
get my jokes like I do know I make small
personal jokes in my garage
I sold all my good jokes for four
billion dollars and then they wouldn't
let me tell them anymore I don't know
why they stopped letting me tell my own
jokes and they paid four million dollars
for my jokes
it's weird I figure they're still my
jokes really they just gave me money and
I'm gonna take that money he told them
these awful puns
it's kind of an aversion tomorrow to our
family well it's not very funny
his mother passed on he says his mother
Rob divorced me after sleeping with a
friend of mine and and ruining my my
view of love and marriage and human
emotion well he couldn't stand living at
home she was really talented especially
Joe she had heard all my jokes
some people think she made the butter I
think you've ruined my original vision
not not convinced that she made the bone
I got rich now he helps me with my jokes
he loves all of my jokes yeah Mitch
McCallum Mitch Burke Helena sense I'm a
terrible I'm gonna have to edit that
punch line we good where's my queer CGI
team can we we put some some cartoon
animals into that punch line never make
it my fault
make them make them move around the wop
and Stan how I suppose everything else
in the punch line I'll have you fall
down my behind baby fall down some think
that's a funnier joke and we've ever had
before
yeah get out of here

[Part III]
get out here get out of here I'm talking
to you all this it's breaking my heart
I'm gonna go home and I'm going to cry
into a pile of my money all I'm making
my small personal jokes in my garage my
people keep working on that left over
beefcake here's a fiver for the throat
lozenge fund Bravo on the voice work
guys Bravo
thank you beefcake welcome to mgt resort
that admins abuse apartment to be
building to hotel whether you're here
for an either still here and TD Resort
prides itself on there and a great stay
just passing through nice and empty tea
resort prides itself on and being best
rule
it's bad it's a potted plant elevator go
straight to the capital but it's not
working
oh they'll do a faster accounting
everybody's back here oh yeah I'm not
gonna be home tonight
I think there's some cold pizza my
treasure hoard you get heat up yeah same
thing as a son I'm outraged my Louie
Armstrong is fine yeah all right that
was fine oh hello dolly
whoa whoa hey check it out yeah you
should buy all my stuff
junk food empty gun hey we want to come
here what oh we only have 180 9g don't
we have you gave a lot of it to that's
why I didn't give that much we're like
that's right a little slimy it's me
mommy not doodoo and I think to myself
no we have not discussed the petition to
get George Lucas to direct episode 9 but
because it won't happen there are very
few certainties in the world but that's
one home never gonna happen
well that's wonderful
you got hush puppies okay
okay great
yes we know the elevator to city is not
working because of these incidents rooms
are running at special rate 200 gr Rome
interested to map to other stores you
change mind that spectacular thing I
like that that's like the sound of a
hand buy something from this guy then I
can just talk to we already bought it
talk to him oh there's
why do you keep trying to talk to me
okay
trouble doing I could shoot me with the
clothes to post sorry so I wanted to be
an actor so let me give you some advice
little buddy there you've got skill here
you've still got time don't live like me
I'm 19 years old and I've already wasted
my daily little thank you for me a
little funny listen I like you little
buddy so I'm gonna save you a lot of
trouble never interact with attractive
people unless you're one of them they're
just gonna take advantage of you no I
got time those two chicks asked me to
sneak them into some glam buggers naive
teenager that I was and yes to them
bad idea what you think I'm anything you
wander I'm ready so I went out to the
alley and see those two ladies you know
see what happened next
then my boss that saw me what I was
doing so startled the hamburgers my
pockets double down to the ground not
wanting to lose face scramble to pick
them up but yes I was leaning over the
light of the remaining hamburgers
everyone calls me burger pants now what
a first came to Holland it was my dream
to work with medicine well but careful
what you wish for little buddy
God have you even looked around this
place is a labyrinth of bad choices
every time we try to change something
for the better
that's how humans are allowed eating
humans are always hitting hamburgers
made of sequins and glue
it's literally just a freaking rectangle
future what future nothing down here
ever changes probably be trapped in this
stupid job forever boy there's one thing
that keeps me if a score gets just one
more soul will finally get to go to the
surface
it'll be brand new world there's got to
be a second chance out there for me so
stay strong little buddy when I make it
big I'll keep you in mind yeah oh yeah
it was it was a good job good job
I'm here I'm here I'm there where's the
thing where's the thing but where's the
thing we got two dolls from anonymous
dear rich give me the other thing give
me your thing the other thing the blue
thing me the blue thing it's any of
right give me give me give me give me oh
we got all we got
dear rich says anonymous your beard
looks very handsome
oh it's Ruffy right now thank you have
you played way of the samurai or it's
sequels like Dead Rising this story also
advances with or without you it's just
much more boring also hi okay maybe I'll
maybe I'll look into it I haven't even
haven't really even heard of it honestly
okay John the bond no we have not played
this before you're doing everything
fresh off the cuff oh who are they
nobody else is supposed to be here oh
well we can't worry about that now I
understand something spectacular happens
on the second playthrough that's I was i
tweeted that we were playing this today
and someone says I hope you're not
planning on only playing it once because
it really gets good on the second
playthrough we're probably not gonna do
seconds we've already streamed through
the whole game
exactly so apparently something
phenomenal happens don't spoil it okay
someone hasn't played a person okay
really
this is it take the elevator up to the
top of the court
hey the white why don't you try to use
the the elevator first Oh Oh watch out
Oh magic pops out of its hat
so much for exploration
this magical mercenary only says one man
think'll thank go Hoyt whoa whoa he's
shooting tiny T's at you magic whispers
arcane swear words
think the pollen sunshine your defense
increases by one think the pink delight
those tiny tees are gonna get you min
and plants his orbs
holy tiny airplane he plants his orbs in
a missing minute
that was close
why are there so many lobsters here I
leave the son there's no problem right
probably legally we just got we just got
to keep heading forward like thing the
elevators what oh the elevator should be
working what will then goes right and
keep heading up well uh where'd this pit
come from I don't call the big pit here
you should be able to walk across the
surface of a floor which is not
currently on the floor I can floor
beyond the floor then when we make it
there's there's just no there's anti
floor is the problem we have anti floor
and that's just not good jaqen which
what stand up comics do you like I've
been watching a lot lately and meets
more George fucking Carlin when he still
did stand up way way back when Eddie
Murphy Murphy was great now Richard
Pryor
Dana Carvey has some really good looks
like you can't proceed until you hit the
switch you up but those these lasers
will activate what you do looks like
they'll come in this order orange orange
blue got a move until the third one
that did I get that right nope nope oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god are you hurt
I was so so sorry I like I gave you the
wrong order everything's everything's
going to be fine okay everything's gonna
be fine the blood was just uh keep
adding to the bright keep adding to the
right I feel like I see that you guys
are joking about Bill Cosby even before
everyone knew he was a horrible racist
rapist yeah he was never a favorite
comedian oh really I like this one when
it comes to media stand-up comedians
nobody could touch their internal a
crossroad as well true try hitting to
the dots of the right today I do three
well wait wait wait though I think you
should maybe head up and step come on
funny dialogue and a funny dialogue
dancer
night-night blocks the word neck nuts
the clocks the way night-night
this Megaton mercenary wields the Good
Morning Star a deal a deal dude
holy fuck jesus fucking christ
night y night watches quietly sing
tonight night night night starts to look
silly be good night
jesus fucking christ
night night smashes her morning star
night night
sing again yes goodbye
whoa fuck oh no shit shit why do you
always appease rich you obviously don't
agree that guy I'd never said that was I
was we bicker about things constantly
the curve on things has it George Carlin
is a fine stand-up comedian very good
stand-up comedian great stand-up
comedian who's the best that's really
sinister I'm not taking that away from
rich we're not having it out because we
are two adults and then maybe have
disagreements stamp means good we find
though everybody loved it now the
stand-up comedian it's like a like Ricky
Ricardo I don't know where the same I I
understand Patton Oswalt who was in
space cop there's a very good stand-up
comedian I haven't seen much of since
like some clips online they're good but
I've seen I just haven't seen much he's
good he's a good storyteller I don't
like David Cross at all why do you think
all of his stories are very much I've
never seen do stand-up
David Rock yeah yeah he's a money he has
very similar style the patent were they
more just tell stories
and it's less of it's less stand-up in
more storytelling patents the same way
I saw a couple people say Mike Birbiglia
Mike Birbiglia is a genius storyteller
again it's like that weird thing about
stand-up where they're more tell stories
and like they're amusing stories but
they're not necessarily like jokes you
know but
anyway
Patton Oswald star of ratatouille that's
right oh god of course Steve Martin is
one of the all-time man that's the real
point for me person funny man like his
movies Steve Martin is the best thing
stand up though yeah no yes
no that manages Jesus he's very funny
he's very funny
great movies great comedic actor great
comedic actor writer subkeys ab anjali
he's an actor he's a director he's a
negative brilliant not the best ever
stand of a comedian no no no no no
that's my that's my opinion different
fight fight fight you know it's fine
smells like magic
I've heard really good things about him
was that the King Notaro tipping Aurora
who whatever like you know everyone
loves um louis louis c.k
and lucy pray say Louie CK is brilliant
a brilliant brilliant stand-up comedian
and he endorsed that taking it what the
fuck is her name I have it somewhere I
have her stand-up special it's supposed
to be fantastic it's like the stand-up
special that she performed like after
she was diagnosed with cancer and like
it
it moved Lewis DK so much that he like
bought the rights to it and sold it
through suppose I take it in the tower
okay that was I haven't seen it but I've
heard great things can we agree that
Dane Cook is the worst thing no I know
we can bring it up minions we can't talk
about stand-up comedians without me
talking about how much Dane Cook sucks a
great amount of enthusiasm he has a
great on of suck he isn't he has a great
amount of no-talent Chris Rock had some
good Jim Jim Gaffigan had some very good
stand-up specials that whole pot is hot
pockets oh it's crazy Gaffigan
you know what tiny favor anyone can have
enthusiasm he did have it though I'm not
saying I'm not I'm not even saying he
was great I think he was all right and
his enthusiasm just carry over care meal
that's right
Dane Cook is suffering from hike back
lash it's not that bad but everyone gave
him shit because he was overrated by the
I don't care I don't care do people hate
and Hathaway is that a thing I don't
know I've never heard that she's
America's Sweetheart as far as I'm
concerned nice
to attack
shit rich you monster they're attacking
night-night
nygma
understand with any of those initials me
I'm sorry
Mike and j8na plan
they can hate whoever they want to do
okay great great do you die yeah
Sarah Silverman that's a good one Debbie
restore Sarah sometimes very funny
very very funny
I don't rich you you fool I tried I
don't know what is and isn't a healing
item because everything just says a
wacky name and they do their own things
and after I use the thing that wasn't a
heal item it went right into the battle
don't you have like eight hot dogs okay
I like to we've been using them here
there it only holds so many did you go
back up north go right next time
okay let's Chatty more focusing right
I've never seen and I know Amy Schumer
has her own show and I've heard really
good things about that movie she was in
with Bill Hader you'll remember it I'm
sure I've never seen any of her stuff
I've heard good things this music is
great by the way Fred von Paula fuck a
ghost no I talked to magic oh wait you
can you can run away or you can spare
him
go back you can spare him is he yellow
yeah he was yellow Oh was he which is
not paying attention Paula Poundstone
like a tiger Paula Poundstone had this
one bit about Pop Tarts that possibly
changed my life forever it's like the
first stand up a bit I can remember is
Paula Poundstone spit on pop tarts and
eating pop-tarts and I remember seeing
that as a young boy and saying that
speaks to me because I love pop-tarts
I'm not joking I'm getting fatigued
getting fatigued here and take this and
read the chat yeah let's do this
what is Z is Z or X go forward I mean
for I mean the one that's like enter
yeah
X is back you can also just use enter
for forward
almost the last movie I saw in the
theaters Star Wars The Force awakens
I just dropped the whole bunch of stuff
on hamburgers do you were Jack like
Bilborough
I don't know who he is Jack - you like
Bill burr yeah speaking of stand-up what
about Jay Leno he killed it on tonight's
show all right my opinion of Jay Leno is
that he killed The Tonight Show
I hate Jay Leno rich Bob's Burgers
disgust it's a perfectly fine animated
sitcom it's good it's not the best one
ever
he's very good entertaining you gotta
know so much you have Bob's Burgers fine
it's a show I watched with Karen when
she was up and it's not the most
ambitious show at all it's it's it's
light fair but the librarians is very
entertaining as stupid as it kind of is
the library is that the one with like
Noah Wyle yeah no no Becca Rebecca
what's her face Romania
yes it's a fun show
most of both the season Enders left me
with a nice warm happy feeling in my in
my stomach and it was a good thing it
wasn't serious drama not everything
needs to be serious ultra drama it's
like it's like Friday the 13th the
series only less dark fine find the
magic artifacts and put them in safe
storage same thing same exact premise
only with more interesting characters
and less murder but it's the sub murder
in his stomach not his heart I have no
heart
so you move through and you stand still
yes
anyone watching Columbo adjusted it to
one more thing you know I get a little
confused sometimes I'm just trying to
put the pieces to get in here you should
do a stream s Columbo the whole stream
upholstery loose Columbo how much Jack
how much to do the rest of the stream as
Columbo I will not make the same mistake
there Richard I will not lie to you
what about up what about a two hundred
dollar donation we just gotta kick the
price up what do you do it for a two
hundred dollar donation but you do the
rest of the stream well let the rest
that's the cat that's not worth the
money first I would feel bad yeah and
people don't want to hold on to two
hours what how much money two hundred
okay that's one solid donation that's
not spread out right I just wanna I
wanna rich is making rules here I know
I'm I'm it's up to you your your your
thing
how much cheese new Colombo the whole
Sherman sees no this is this is rich so
Jack will do Colombo for the whole
stream for $300
so Lagaan says he paid $4 which actually
ever there was telling on that night
the rich boy stream there's people
before you who dude there's two
different like $40 donations yeah no
enriched back thou no I did i I wanted
to but I didn't I didn't I I asked
permission if I could change voices cuz
because and my reasoning was Jimmy
Stewart wasn't entertaining enough for
the whole string sure I still did funny
voices I just did funny funny voices and
I asked permission and you know what
everybody was glad to have fuckin Don
Wilson back that's true you ended that
was down with previously recorded live
they can't be sellouts as they have no
principles to violate no that's that's
very true you can't call someone a
sellout if they're not bending their own
values
mr. glitch says I got Don Wilson on my
answering machine now that's right best
ten bucks I ever spent
that's right damn Wilson how much - how
much to have jack permanently talk in
the papyrus voice does he know that
would you like alone $50,000 for the
rest of this room for the rest of any of
our streams oh yeah $50,000 $100,000
how much papyrus for every four there
every stream ever oh that I mean listen
boys 1 million dollars two million
dollars one hundred million dollars for
the rest of this Co for the rest of ever
oh I'm just I'm just breaking it down
like do you want papyrus for the rest of
this stream no I wouldn't I wouldn't do
anything for the rest of the stream cuz
it's not gonna be much no no yeah that's
the problem like a fire that be a
challenge
okay
oh it doesn't look like my BAP at all
I'm sorry I have to go the air is filled
with the smell of ozone you're my sir
with beer Meister 2089 says we're going
to need a Kickstarter to make me do
papyrus I will not do this blast for the
entirety of all of our screams that
would be terrible could you imagine that
just me being bad boys I have a price
and you know quite frankly it's your
voice not mine I would do it I would do
it for let's see here
not for for the rest of our streams ever
here but for the next six months worth
of streams for $100,000 whatever the
next two weeks
let's get let's get into the realm of
plausibility the next two weeks for
streams so four straight Sunday
Wednesday Sunday minimum three hours
stream minima four streams minimum three
hours of Pyrus all the time yeah that's
realistic
two thousand dollars one solid donation
two thousand dollars and you get you get
you get four streams with nothing but
the papyrus voice okay okay
leftover beefcake says they would have
no viewers left we would have no viewers
left that's when they start the donate
to stop the voice campaign oh you people
love the voices we know we know how much
you want undertale and please quest
dreams you love the voices okay right
yeah we have an actual decision yeah
North is the Warriors back yeah
West is the sages path East is the end
all paths lead to the end whether Easter
says done trip
I love the voices but only in doses yeah
that's that's the real yeah a variety of
voices as fun a single one is not I
didn't hear any complaints about Don
Wilson well Don Wilson is a special boy
but you know what even Don Wilson the
entire stream looked great after a wild
one Don Wilson is the camera there was a
hundred G inside this garbage can I
decided to leave it the seminar okay I
just want to keep you up on the
situation
if we donate well you do the papyrus
voice even if there is a somber week
following a major terrorist attack here
my absolute if I agree I have already
agreed the next four streams three hours
at least the stream nothing but the four
wire stories I don't care if they are
attacking us on while we are screaming
and doing that voice
even if New York New York all of New
York will have some very sad those who
attacked us with great vengeance that's
that's what I would promise that's the
front you guys are getting pretty close
to the end I just want to say the people
who told you you have to play the game
again to get the cool thing are wrong
you can do it by loading your save which
doesn't take that long okay
wins a lot and final froggit appear
I attacked him oh fuck
did not want to attack you in slot nine
to apologize
how much for rich duel my quest I'm not
that great at impressions there's like a
handful I do but I'm really terrible at
them I don't have a mic impression I
don't have a jack impression I don't
have a J impression I just I I'm not
good at those things and and in general
they can't reload the save they missed a
part did they ruin pacifists we don't
think so we kill what goes though I
think it said he wasn't dead after the
fight because he was a ghost so I think
we're ok ok
is the oh my god a troll to reference no
it's just something I said that I
thought was funny haha really is I
didn't I didn't see troll - it's a lot
of freely recently probably waited then
we were doing it do we even do anything
with troll - I've seen her recently I
don't know it was for something on the
show because he didn't it was recent
years um it was recent years that I saw
it half in the bag did something on the
documentary yeah but I don't think I was
in that discussion
no you weren't in that discussion but I
just assumed you start with them no no
no I didn't it was that even before you
move here that discussion depends upon
how really it was my Lucas impression is
great my Lucas it's like fluky is what
it is I'm usually not good at
impressions I've seen I've seen better
George Lucas impressions online you do a
very good like I said my George Lucas is
basically just depressed Kermit the Frog
could it be fraud you Miss Piggy just
died there's a terrorist attack in New
York and this baby's dead
nobody can get in contact with fuzzy we
know for sure Ralph had a gig we didn't
I hope you make it out I'm heading over
to Gruber sauce right now I I need to do
with friends
anyway back tonight it's the oh my god
that mic does this plink at a reference
to your oh my god yes I'm pretty sure
this I've been doing oh my god since we
were in like high school oh my god
remember if like the oh my god was in
any like you know the be busting service
I'd be original playing videos I know I
know
I don't know if I did that as much as
planket know her era classic blinkin
ever said oh my god but oh my god was
the thing that I am just said right
go back to a safe point after this
what did we what is messed up with this
room
oh fuck I thought he had mercy rich who
is planket based on nobody really here's
here's the fluid origin I'm sure there's
people who don't know sure Mike was
doing like a college film project thing
and basically we took old mary-kate and
Ashley Olsen videos and the plan was to
splice me into the mary-kate and Ashley
Olsen videos there was man not that was
even earlier than that oh yeah yeah this
was a one of them like mary-kate and
Ashley Olsen like little detective movie
for babies and they're on the phone
talking to a mr. plinkus who we misheard
as Lincoln and then we just took their
dialogue and then the plan was just
generally to have me saying whines
they'd be talking to me and I would be a
mr. click 'add and I just tried to sound
as insane and crazy as I could right mr.
plinkus
yep what we heard is play it right it
became playin and that's how play
guitars yeah I got it sounded crazy cuz
I'm know I'm talking to these little
girls at the children's film and I just
wanted it to be insane yeah that's how
pleading came about
similar to Don Wilson I think I was in
the same frame of mind when I started
doing Don Wilson original plank it was a
bit well it was a little bit less
subdued okay he's he's mellowed out over
the years miss waters been water fixes
crab that were yeah I don't want it
goblins or ghosts kind of all out there
oh you didn't know what he's gonna say
crazy old man right
fling it when he has to do dialogue and
a half on the bag that just kind of
mellowed him out of this you know I had
the door over I watch this whatever pops
into my head is all crazy just I'm
reading the lines and it's gotta be like
you got to understand the dialogue
do these student films that you were
Mary Kate nationally still exist I I
think they're on the run that are medium
YouTube unless we had to take them down
do copyright with the kid very good
Ashley that's possible I think they're
up somewhere I'm sure you can probably
find them somewhere in the at red letter
media calm you know there's there's a
half in the bag section there's the best
of the worst section and I believe
there's like a miscellaneous video
section and in there should be the old
blanket ones cuz they were they were up
on YouTube before we were a thing even
yeah
before there was a blanket before there
was anything and I could just like
through some of our old YouTube videos
up on the interwebs and it's possible
they got taken down because there I mean
there is a copyright material mary-kate
and Ashley Olsen I'm not sure people
ever recognized you guys on the street
maybe four times a year roughly same I
guess I just recognize me I might have
told this one on stream recently the
weirdest one for me I was just at a
grocery store
recent years yeah well I might have I
might have recently told this I mean
like on a stream so this might be
repeating myself but year or two ago I
was just going to the grocery store and
I was driving the space cop car around
okay and some like 12 13 year-old boy
runs up to me recognizing the space cop
car is that you're rich Evans and he had
like a very confused father who was
wondering why his 12 year old boy was
talking to a a 37 year old fat man
stranger in the parking lot of the
grocery store
Preston
did any non-space cops give you shit
about that car
ah one time I was stopped at a red light
really nice out so I had my window
rolled down summer and this older lady
next to me it was like staring at my car
she looked over me said are you a cab
and I'm like no I'm not a cab what are
you what does that mean are you a cab
I'm not a cab ma'am
what does that stand for she's pointing
at the logo on the car it's it's it's
four things four thing what what is it I
just started rolling the window up and
and she said before I close the window I
could clearly hear there hear her well I
never well you should give it a try lady
you might feel better
this is save save save save look in the
trash save I know there's $100 in the
trash but I'm not taking that yeah
somewhat you save I don't know where it
saves bodies I
my knees and I click the button that
turned out and there was like in who's I
think maybe the users over here
there is news
okay
they got me
not doing well I don't have a lot of oil
there's no penalty for taking the money
you jump not my money
behind this door you totally need
healing items while you take the money
and then buy a shitload of healing items
there's this room and then there's the
elevator
so what wait I go through the door the
elevator burner my game changers it's so
weird
great mr. glitch says hey assholes I was
that old woman
I never how do you do this right why is
it work that way a so weird
so now I've been doing worse without to
go to this stupid area
which is missing the mic comments what
what what what's wrong with her mics and
see anything about my
I'm gonna have not seen the revenant
Jackie um I had a chance to we will not
be taking repeting questions I had a
chance to see the revenant I'm sure it's
great instead I saw Jurassic world
everybody is saying elevator elevator
takes you to the beginning of the level
so you can get healing items faster yeah
but I need to go back to get the money
because barely machole maybe they want
the mic closer to your face I don't I
don't know I got money Jack needs to be
closer to the mic Amir dog don't worry G
I got mad cash great I just bought like
eight Amber's all right great let's do
this here's the core
okay I get it did you guys ever beat the
old hunters I have not been to Jack have
you beaten the old hunters no no I'm
right now I am stuck on the orphan of
costs who was kicking my ass just
absolutely kicking my ass and and that
fire blood starved Beast
I have not beaten either of them and I
try multiple times to beat either the
fire blood start beast or the orphan of
cause so that's how far I am if you know
the old hunters DLC oh yes there you are
darling
z Goten says hey guys have you seen
manborg yet it's an ultra-low budget
homage to eighties sci-fi a great pick
for best of the worst and it's only like
an hour long oh we like that our long is
good I have never heard of it them it's
time we have our little showdown it's
time to finally stop the malfunctioning
robot nah malfunction reprogramming get
real this was all just a big show and
act
Alfie's has been playing you for a fool
the whole time as she watched you on the
screen
she grew attracted to your adventure she
desperately wanted to be a part of it so
she decided to insert herself into your
story she reactivated puzzles she
disabled elevators she enlisted me to
torment you all she also she could save
you from the dangers that didn't at
first
someone pre Keable yeah also you would
think she is the great person that she's
not it's time for our at this very
moment alfie is waiting outside the room
during our battle she will interrupt
she will pretend to deactivate me saving
you one final time finally she'll be the
heroine of your adventure
yo regard her so highly she'll even be
able to convince you not to leave
how I might have heard some Tony Tony
tell y'all to do it alright alright
yelling are not can you see I've had
enough of this predictable charade I
have no desire to harm humans far from
it actually my only desire is to
entertain after all the audience
deserves a good show don't they and
what's a good show without a plot twist
dun dun dun
Hey Oh what's going on what's going on
you don't tell like who's the secret
plot of mine or are you the door just
locked itself sorry folks the old
programs been canceled but we've got the
finale that will drive you wild the mic
is a mile away for your face right now I
do that on purpose when I do the
football voice because I'm yelling I see
and if I move the microwave if I move
the mic away when I'm yelling it will be
normal volume for everyone out there
rich what I'm being considerate of her
own I'm just I didn't know what was
going on but I move it back I'm just
like this so they didn't befriend
moondyne we didn't yeah we didn't we
didn't we make friends with her after
the thing we didn't kill her I don't
know
anyway we saved her real drama real
action real bloodshed on our new show
attack of the killer robot
his metal body renders him in the
vulnerables of attacks
oh great you didn't befriend her you
have to go to her house for that her
house whatever
you can do it later hurt that's
worthless be sure there weren't work on
me darling listen darling I've seen you
fight you're weak
if you continue forward a score will
take your soul and with your soul mask
or will destroy you but if I get your
soul I can stop as Gore's plan I can
save humanity from destruction rich
freed Stardust as as long as you didn't
kill anything
the game will tell you what criteria you
need for the pacifist ending when the
time comes don't worry
is this enough to do a score as Tommy
why sue from the Y so from the rule $30
I can't do impressions
damn you bad you say attack me if that
sounds like a genetic 14 man that's not
Tunney why sir hey Dave I can do
therefore as Gore hey babe hey babe you
love me I don't know how to dodge these
attacks
hey I'm not sure
oh maybe you can shoot it oh that's
right shoot it
Oh damnit dummy
you can shoot when your shit is yellow I
forgot that already
stay determined
I can do Park park for asgore I'm pretty
good at pork pork did I save after I
bought all my shit I did not why so is
super easy to impersonate I suck at
impersonations and I the ones you've
heard of the few I could do I haven't
seen the room so I don't know his voice
that much it's all bullshit I did not
hit her I did not you know what we'll
have to wait and see as Goran will find
our asgore voice your daddy me apart
Lisa oh hi mark
not cheep cheep cheep cheep cheep cheep
cheep cheep cheep personnel's good Jimmy
poor Eduardo I'll have half decent Jimmy
Shores
I think my problem was the other

[Part IV]
I do I'll have half decent yummy stores
I think my problem was the other the
other night was we're not men you gotta
go really high with Jimmy Stewart for no
particularly good reasons
I just gotta goes up there everyone his
voice just like some water on your elbow
all right here we go I got this
I was on that rearrange of car I was one
that hired everyone to kill you better
or was short-sighted plan you know what
would be a hundred dog that are killing
you myself okay now I have to come back
and shoot the things
özgür will take your soul away their
souls are with us our humanity rich can
you do Palpatine you know knowing Mike I
would just be ashamed to even try
as soon as your friends see this fully
operational space station no one can do
it like my station is fully operational
take your Jedi weapon and strike me down
all I can do the tragedy is that Mike is
not doing Palpatine professionally right
for that that show what's rebels Star
Wars rebels
I can't see what's going on don't give
up okay others
there's one last way to be Metatron it's
made them I can call what I want I'm
calling a Metatron yours you're all
saying it wrong I'm the only one saying
it right now this is a a work in
progress so don't judge it too hard but
you know how Metatron always faces
forward that's because there's a switch
on his backside so so if you can turn
him around
well press the button and the switch on
who you know he'll be he'll he'll he'll
he'll be vulnerable vulnerable I've
gotta go
Altos arguing
you tell mettaton that there's a mirror
behind it
hello mirror right I have to look
perfect for our grand finale
I don't see it where is it
did you just flip my oh my if you
flipped my switch that can only mean
what that you're desperate for the
premiere of my new black how rude
lucky for you I've been aching to show
off for alone yeah
so as thanks I'll give you a handsome
reward I'll make you laugh can you can
you do Bowie no okay I don't know just
just
British I think I'll make your loss
living moments I was going for more like
a deaf man okay like a rock star
I'll make your last living moments
absolutely beautiful
damn medicine yes makes his premiere
Bost he'll turn
kind of pros that's the worst bowie rich
I told you I can't do impressions the
audience
lights camera action
oh shit my name's if you shoot him twice
you shoot the legs and the yellow ones
drama bro my hands blood che get the
ratings as high as you can
oh they're dropping you turn and scoff
at the audience they're rooting for your
destruction shit
hi boo I know you shoot them right
before they hit you
on brand food great the audience lesson
smile for the camera
violence smells like
oops you say you aren't going to get it
at all
ratings gradually increase during
meditation oh it's time for a pop quiz I
hope you brought a key book this one's
Eddie usually quite fun
hey prom why do you look most about
medicine good looks and very strong nice
detail you're right I do look quite nice
great most say you aren't going to get
hit at all
ratings gradually increase during the
time your essay really showed everyone
your heart why don't I show you mine
he'll motherfucker he'll yep
what what what I'm making the instant
noodles this is amusing I'm greatly
amused by this heals me all the way God
oh wow you lived fucking fuck Wow Brad
fuck but how are you although you're a
full stop problem
yeah I probably shouldn't have shot it
shooting terms the color of the next one
find out stay still and just shoot till
you hate the pace shoot shoot great
he'll turn you turn and scoff at the
audience they're rooting for your
destruction this turn lights camera
bombs stick and dodge ticking down Siam
didn't do me a ton of good things are
blowing up okay great
Pope's oh it's dramatically the audience
knows all right but you think Mad Max is
a chance at the Oscars what's it
nominated for I'm gonna say no because
they usually don't honor action movies
like ever ever so I'm gonna say no
chance
sure but I'm not even sure what it's
nominated for I must talk about effects
or sound design or something along those
lines it's not gonna win anything can
you hold the shoot thing down
oh no fuck
the lower your HP the more ratings pose
gets you oh great
I got his arms down gladiator won best
picture I guess gladiators an action
movie oh fuck yeah gliding is the next
fuck
he'll join me too yeah yeah take over
take over do it rich you do it alright
do I need to buy healing items I think
you're well double check your inventory
I believe you're good yeah you have all
that star fake don't eat the instant
noodles don't do it
elevator where am i oh the room probably
this thing hey Jack I watched Mad Max
for the first time on my phone while on
an airplane but like Mad Max Mad Max Mad
Max road warrior or fury road Oh what
what what shoots by the way is that Z
I'm assuming a Z yes Emery you know
anytime you find nope anytime you can
see it that's good whatever one it is
nice
that's right they nominated the Martian
as a comedy
yeah bombs you don't need to hit hitting
their little robots and more okay okay
great
when are we going to review VR like the
oculus I don't know maybe not I don't
care about it so I don't know
fury road on the
well I fucked up so bad we're gonna try
to pose with like no help night Oh 500
points for a dramatic pose problems I
gotta dodge no isn't worthy worthy
effort but you know what we get to start
right in my contacts yeah yeah
how do I feel about the hateful eight I
haven't seen it I'm sure it's good
Tarantino has a long history of making
very good movies that's all I got that's
all I got Mad Max is nominated for Best
Picture and Best Director you know
probably if it probably won't win best
picture but probably will win Best
Director also like it just it just
doesn't matter that's that's the reality
of these shows doesn't matter it's a big
old circle Turk
hi the idle everyone cares about
they're rooting for your destruction
this time smile for the camera nice
do-do-do-do-do-do
what did you sir what you look yeah you
look nice
Oh No sometimes a few words speak the
loudest
you look nice
yeah I got hit once you hit him that's
the important part
yeah I say just go straight posting the
other ones are harder yeah it's worth it
if you don't get hit which I just did
twice there you go
no that's bad starfish yes nerf it's a
good one oh oh my god I know how to do
that too
oh that's dumb I was just dumb I even
know how to do that Star Wars was not
nominated cuz Star Wars came out this
year
no way yeah yeah oh wait oh yeah don't
listen to Jack Jack is dumb
Jack is da man you should now listen
today now let's say my last year we've
probably be nominated for editing and
sound and special effects
all right all right whoa hahahaha all
rich uh have I heard of until dawn yes
I've heard of until dawn
I have no particularly strong feelings
about it at the great
whoa whoa better time at a time
look it down you say you aren't gonna
get hit at Oh get it get that heart
heart heart more important target him I
did get hit oh fuck
smells like minutes that's all right are
we streaming until we beat it I think
we're close enough where we might what
time is it oh it's only 10:30 you can
shoot them oh god oh god it's all right
that's all right that's all right
just heal the motherfucker here I'm
gonna fuck up
I hate that one yeah that's a tough one
the show must go on really you know oh
wait no no you don't need to go hey back
out okay you turn it stop at the
audience they're rooting for your
destruction this turn
yeah
I post
nice nice
now it's fire ring well darling it's
either me or to you but I think we both
already yes Golf will win witness the
true power of humanity Saviour whoa whoa
fuck man
Oh God
great great great great well live on our
usual style then you really prepare a
campaign that they're no I can't no I
did Jesus really go here
okay all right
nice okay I think people probably just
need him to get to what 10,000 assume so
you just need one more thing one more
thing here right so you got this you got
to hurry make your choice or else it
goes down okay oh you're at 10,000 leave
reads alone be there Colin mouths
theorem one lucky viewer will have a
chance to talk to me before I leave yes
eerie von 606 we're the ones that called
alien isolation a door opening simulator
that was pretty nice of us let's see who
calls him first
Wow your own boo boo Wow do you have the
way about oh hi many time I really like
watching your show but my life is pretty
boring seeing you on the screen I kind
of lost the boys oh boy yay go I said I
gotta get back into it brought an
excitement to my life vicariously I
can't tell but I guess this is the last
this is posed to me Alfie or not I don't
know I'll miss you
bet attack oh wait I didn't need to talk
so long
oh no wait wait boom hey they're already
long nap
valve egg another born getting this is
given people merit on your show red is
so happy about you right you ready
though this many times you've hole my
mother town shame hardened Wow why do I
see everyone fine dude yeah man
darling perhaps big night meat better do
stay here or a while thick my ship knows
which way to go good at this robot voice
thing like this is my defeated robot I'm
sure you'll be able to do you Maggie
that it's all for the best antique boy
yeah do this dance forms and their feet
well I'll be darling then oh no III you
better show up with a lock are you - oh
my god mad at I'm minutes are you are
you are you oh my god it's just the
batteries
that's odd if you were God wha I would
have I would have I would have had to
have built a new sex toys well I would
have had to have done fortunately your
dildo could be safely reattached to any
kitchen appliance that I I mean hey it's
no problem you know he just it's just a
robot if you miss if you mess it up I
can always just build another why don't
you go on ahead
why don't I get more healing items it's
probably what she's happen immediately I
can't go back there's no return we're
dead
so it's not a sorry about that well
let's keep going so you're about to be
asked or hails us you must be you must
be about pretty pretty excited about all
that huh
you'll finally you're finally gonna go
home
oh I just had the realtor wait I mean I
was just going to say goodbye I can't
take this anymore I lied to you
a human soul isn't strong enough to
cross barrier it takes at least a human
soul add a monster soul if you want to
go home
you'll have to take us all you'll have
to kill a spark I'm sorry beep we're not
gonna kill we're not gonna kill okay no
we're gonna die because we have no
helpful items talked about except for
the instant noodles
whose impaired relax look at that hot
ass parallax right oh yeah said I love
it I go back in a lobby I'm assuming
then that elevator you're on this one
over here that I passed oh oh maybe
maybe no okay no okay
the g64 says instant noodles are full
he'll when you're fighting a score I'm
gonna imagine we need more than one full
heal okay wait should we make some calls
is a score you wanna call oh no oh oh
that's not what a man I is a score going
to be the bunny lady from the beginning
no it's gonna be the flower one foot Oh
flowey red we're gonna have to fight
flowey at some point right a score after
a score I'm gonna be flowery it's not
gonna be too real okay that is not going
to happen okay okay oh no response from
anyone wait yeah the tutorials house
and it
huh maybe you're right
wait
was the info on that locket no I don't
know I'm sure it's great
no don't think what was it but a worn
dagger believe it I'm gonna have to use
it huh
yeah but I'll take up a slot and you can
fill that slot with the healing Adam if
you get a healing item later I even have
it we can drop it if we have to okay oh
did you equate Queen Lee's one item at a
time is that how this works equip the
stained apron you this day name that
protects you I don't know but they just
they just gave it to us it's got it's
got to do something rich you can look up
with the information on these yeah oh
yeah cuz they gave us the worst item
near the end of the game go to Stanford
when they go to info depends 11 heels 1
P every other time
our defense 15 it says best friend so
you get more defense but the other one
heals you it once every other turn will
be dead like a few hits
all right heart locket remember the
noodle heal that was for HP that wasn't
every other term by the way chat we're
not reading you
we're not gonna read that we're not
gonna read the chat a long time ago heal
but it fell into the ruins
as goals Journal
look there's a Santa Claus outfit inside
mr. dab guy number one knows news old
nozzle
for king dad parents of father is it
your Terry L was the mother yeah this is
father
yeah figure the Kings I heard the humans
call he wrote the human back
who's as real well I guess we'll find
out
I'm sent out of there
it's a good
okay looking a fireman's the goals are
still alone
we treated the human child as their home
wait who have we met Azrael
I'm gonna guess something that happened
to Ezreal
instead don't there's anything in the
fridge
okay I'll take them we need healing
items some right
all right let's do it
got the keys let's go let's see what
sort of emotional heart this game on
earth send us rich
when one day the human became very ill
the thick human had only one request to
see the flowers from their village but
there was nothing we could do the next
day the next day
as well wracked with grief definitely um
first round wreck with grief
well absorb the soul he transformed into
a being with a mobile phone
wait the human soul crossed through the
burial he carried the human's body into
the sunset back to the village of the
humans has crossed over and for
reserving the the soul of the Dead
kidney okay else we all reach the center
up the village there he found a bed of
golden flowers he carried the human unto
it
suddenly screams rang out the villager
saw has real hold in the human's body
they thought he had killed the child
okay
the humans had decked him with
everything they had he was struck with
blow after blow Ezreal had the power to
destroy them all boy bands we all did
that fight back
watch it as we all smiled and walked
away
okay
always stumble at all he's entered the
castle into the castle against his dust
spot across the God and he became the
flower of man I don't know
I'm plowing him but Kingdom fell into
the bear the king the Queen had lost to
the children in one night the humans
once again
yeah my good man good man
the King decided it was time to end our
suffering every human who falls down
here must die within ourselves we can
shatter the barrier for you there it's
not long now
King ESCO will give myself King a
scarlet save us all you should be
smiling duel are you excited aren't you
happy
why'd you happy that be things are going
on his joy
it's like joy sub didn't that take me
there oh it's a Save button
I want healing items god dammit I don't
think we needed healing items they can't
be right that can't be right let's say
just in case now say just in case no
there's no way out
there's no way out oh you can't go in
that elevator and I go down oh wait I
didn't use the elevator right because
I'm stupid you should have saved before
you done that just in case yeah they're
not gonna block your path it's fine
I declare it's fine it's fine
everything's fine I'm not looking at the
chat I just want to let everybody know
that put the old eleven I'm not fighting
them without an army of cheeseburgers in
my pocket sure if you can even get an
army okay you can hear them can you see
case
that was that was a nice little little
weird story bit it was a little you know
well heavy a little heavy on the start
but it was nice
oh we don't have any money for anything
oh this is terrible
well you can buy one way go back can
sell sell that knife no no you can't you
got an extra hamburger hamburger
I'm gonna star fruit thing yeah what's
that a hammer 40 now I think you know
what a hamburger is 40 now the starter
started me it's a hamburger shop I
assumed they were all hamburgers
what what's going on and then I guess
you're not reading the champ I'm not
reading the chat because I don't want I
want I want to discover who as glorious
through the game and I'm very sure
someone in the chat is saying something
at this exact moment so I'm not looking
at the chat save again so you don't have
to be bit bit bit
all right last corner wait go back to
that what say 562 minutes that can't be
right that that really can't be right
exactly what that means
that's 562 minutes I'm not sure divided
by sixty ten hours I'm not sure I'm not
sure either I think that's our play time
oh oh here we go that since his sands as
go
that's a I think that's my sensor so you
finally made and the end of your journey
is at hand in a few moments you will
meet the king together you will
determine the future of this world last
then now you will be judged you will be
judged for your every action you will be
judged for every expe over Quan cxp it's
an acronym it stands for execution
points a way of quantifying the pain you
have inflicted on others when you kill
someone you're exp increases when you
have enough he asked me your love
increases too as an acronym it stands
for level of violence oh I have
measuring someone's capacity to hurt or
you kill the easier it becomes to just
drench yourself the more you distance
yourself the less you will hurt the more
easily you can bring yourself to hurt
another
what it fans but you you never gained
any love nobody loves you
of course that doesn't mean you're
completely innocent or naive just that
you kept a certain tenderness in your
heart no matter the struggles our
hardships you faced you strive to do the
right thing you refuse to hurt anyone
even when you ran away you did it with a
smile you never gave love but you gained
love does that make sense maybe not now
you're about to face the greatest
challenge of your entire journey
your actions hero will determine the
fate of the entire world
if you refuse to fly a score will take
your soul and a story you mattered but
if you kill a score and go home
monsters will remain trapped underground
what will you do if I were you I would
have thrown in the towel by now no is it
I'm not sure he's me thing he would have
given up no I want to have enough it's
just a silly way to Frison this tender
moment so tender moment and I say the
goofy way it's like they want it to be a
joke no I don't think so
my you didn't get this far by giving up
did you that's right you have something
called danger when nation know it's hard
to for me to talk with enthusiasm
I apologize so as long as you hold on as
long as you can do what's in your heart
I believe you can do the right thing all
right we're all counting on you kid God
why aren't they aren't they supposed to
tell us to go back and talk to what's
the phrase or did we actually do that
right the first time
I don't they were they wrong who no I
want to say the chat was wrong about
whatever I'm sure right about whatever
they were saying we're out we're going
on we're moving forward
definitely say we don't wanna go through
that again start here
yeah I go check out
cheeseburgers what what what Oh what
that's our coffin mm-hmm it's empty
well gia those are the souls of all the
people that he's killed I think some
bodies
yeah well that I mean they're giving you
plenty of reasons to kill asgore we
can't do it jack I'm saying we can't do
it don't do it rich don't kill him
oh it's the flower oh no oh no they're
not wait wait wait
it's later BOGO Santa Claus Santa Claus
okay there's a Santa Claus out of it oh
just a moment I have almost finished
watering these flowers stop peeing on me
shut up Chloe oh god he did shake oh
fuck I so badly wonder would you like a
cup of tea but
you know how it is what nice to today at
home birds are singing flowers approving
perfect weather for a game of catch I'm
just saying I used to play catch with my
boy he's dead now you know what we must
do when you are ready come into the next
room so I can let's do it it's in this
chair do it No okay that's oh that's
Torian
alright let's do it let's do it ho ho
tense she's a little awkward just think
of it don't is it a dentist I mean you
seem like a nice kid oh listen usually
you've asked us if we were ready like a
million understand I'm not ready either
I can do it I can do it do it fucking do
it
this is the barrier this what keeps us
all traveled on the ground with a windy
down yeah if by chance you have any
unfinished business
please do what you must
are you ready it's very light means the
Twilight is shining through the barrier
seems your journey
all for determination human it was nice
to meet you goodbye Oh death oh fuck oh
you just killed the mercy yes he did
I'll fuck yep okay we're dead we're so
good keep talking to him and just keep
talking to him I don't want if you don't
want to fight him okay oh my god oh god
oh god
Jesus Christ rich what I have a lion I
think what happened I even know what
happened my alive no he didn't he did
orange and blue attacks you firmly tell
a head score to stop keep talking keep
talking seems talking won't do any more
good fucking keep talking anyway
you got this you got this attention in
fairness keep talking keep talking
I don't care if it says that I won't do
any more good this is our planet
Oh God
the holes are gonna be no that wasn't
where the holes are gonna be this time
rich okay
maybe check them
keep keep talking keep talking I know
won't do any more good just keep talking
and chat I see you in my peripheral
vision just like fucking scrolling and
scrolling and I know you're probably
telling us what to do but we're taking
this taking this to the limit all you
can do is fight no we're not going talk
this out
nope I let me the penny long time you're
gonna look at the tape yeah look at the
chat I won't say that I don't of the say
anything to you you don't I'm saving a
man
you know why I'm looking at the champ
because I don't want to be here all
night
I'm gonna stay determined right okay
what's up everyone
oh we did have a
okay Anonymous's and maybe you read this
one I don't remember
Jack and rich you are the wind beneath
my wings every moment away from you is
an eternity football glory says great
mettaton dying voice sounded like
Stephen Hawking's battery getting low
you nail the jacket you nailed it
I'm not doing any better than right
are you doing worse yeah I think yes I
think so fine I am doing much work I
can't do it now I'm gonna read the chat
you tell me when you want to give up
then I'll tell you what to do that's how
this works
get good jack
get good
fucking on it
or bother says nice continue to walk
into the attacks Jack thanks I'll bother
really really helping out helping out of
our how most almost perfect perfect look
at his eyes flash myself as he moved
during the oranges right rich you're not
helping either yeah but I'm an asshole
hunker down on the roof then punch him
in the dick yeah
check is employing the Rocky Balboa
strategy of combat it's just yeah just
suck up all that damage oh yeah and then
get brain damage and makes me shitty
sequels no I'm not obviously this is the
strategies not working hmm what do you
think you should do right here's my
here's my new plan yeah because
obviously I died is
I'm gonna fight him a little I'm gonna
I'm gonna you know get him to the point
where you don't talk anymore then I'm
gonna fight him a little bit okay and
then try to talk again okay
that's my new plan just like hit him a
couple times and bags stop hitting me
you know like I'll hit you back okay and
we'll see if that works but really
that's my only option
jack is one stubborn ass that's true
that's very true about me ready
you know that's great already I'm fuckin
oh right
do you think I'm better at the dodging
on these we'll switch over
then you just tell me what what attacks
you wanna do fighting or talking that's
not okay you know you have you seen I've
read a bit you've heard of it I think I
know what to do but I'm gonna let you
tell me which ones which which moves to
make I'll just do the Dodger essentially
I tried just not hitting that dents in
the dirt
I think I have to
oh dear we're going to be here all night
we're kind of stuck with it now and
there's a lab we can't have another
stream just for the last fight can we we
have to wait over here until this is
done now right
I'm good you don't get
I wish we could get a forward more
health this is gonna be bad for us
you gotta help

[Part V]
oh fuck
no idea what to do
the trick is to constantly sled talk and
RAM yourself into every attack but know
that helpful that's helpful
a tubful jack
it's tough
I mean obviously it's tough but the real
tough part is you know the
the tactic for all of the minor enemies
don't you know the tactic for all the
minor enemies is different than the boss
tactic yes specifically this one and and
the fishface lady you know well they're
special they're split their specials so
of course the taxes could be different
but they're so this one is so different
where it's like how could how could we
have been prepared for it
you know the question is did we miss
something that would keep us from
getting the spare him ending I don't
know did we do something that would keep
us from getting the spare him and do we
have to you know one of things do we
have to kill him do we miss something to
spare him did we not do a thing did we
not do a thing okay they say we're good
as far as not missing things okay
he's killed you three times already not
seven
kind of have something to do with this
fighting
sans told us we've been a good boy
okay yeah we so we haven't killed anyone
yep gotta have something to do with this
fighting so maybe we just have to get
his level down far enough you know
and then we can talk to him
knowing that rich and Jack might beat a
score and then go home to eat cheese and
eggs fills me with determination that
says Red Dog gautama red d'Agoult Red
Dog Ultimo Jack is playing right now
beef in it
be fair
have Jack equipped the dagger before the
next friend I think I already equipped
that knife we just found we have the toy
dagger
that's in the inventory we found another
one that I equipped right in the room
but I wonder if we're supposed to have
the toy dagger equipped that's what they
know I don't think so I'm not sure I
don't know anything
saying we have the better dagger
equipped yeah my only thought is if we
get his help down too far enough will
trigger something
oh fuck you I moved
get killed enough times and he'll get
bored I'm sure that's not warned dagger
not toy we have the warn dagger equipped
yes we have the warn dagger
come on Jack you can do it you can do it
stick and jab stick and jab I'll fuck
you I moved you gotta help see the toy
knife is in our inventory
look
I wonder half fuck if these if these
it's the up
alright alright alright
so the plan of attack
week is there a way we can get health
items I mean yeah if we go all the way
back five more months there's get more
money
we have to go farm do you know what we
have to do you don't entirely know about
sorry all I really got from that was
fighting it seems to be the only path to
go and my my thought is if we can get
him to low enough health maybe we can
get him talking again you know that's a
soon yeah cuz we just need more talking
from him I'm not looking at the chat not
looking at the chat chat
before time same dance
way too long my knees
all right I fucked this attempt up I'm
going to die really good yeah those are
funny you just have to kind of go down
until you find that opening and let the
opening up you rich okay that's fine no
wait listen you're getting your you're
getting your mojo backwards you're just
getting that mojo probably it probably
shouldn't take it with you this year you
were getting the mojo did you want it
back you seem to be having the Mojo and
you're right we were that we were doing
silly we were mojo swapping the mojo
swapping over mr. mojo swapping mr. mojo
risin mr. mojo mr. mojo risin no no no
doors mr. mojo risin mojo risin get your
motor rock rising get your motor rising
oh he nods grievously after he's killed
me five times five
they'll never get the Timmy Armour they
won't even go get some food we're broke
we're fucking broke
oh wow mustache the player says how does
it feel to get butt-fucked by a guy
named a scorer but fuck it it'll be the
guy he's probably not gonna be gentle
about it easy either
you know it's not his you know the guy
who's not gonna wreck your anus a firm
cushy
did today go to college no Timmy did not
go to college no we did not have enough
money to send me to college
if you go to Timmy village you can sell
items for more than they cost to buy
right I remember someone saying
something about that is like that's
saying like a long process longer and
more tedious than fighting the firm or
dying over and over again
temmie village is over 30 minutes of
grinding I don't great it's way better
to just fight the farm okay
forget the healing items you guys are
good enough to beat this since veggie 64
was obviously a new viewer
these ones stupid plane falling the
hardest time with those
you should check and see if you have
healing items in your box just checks a
box a box through your phone that sounds
like a good idea that is a good idea how
you talking now that's useful
information right now jack is playing I
switched it back to Jack after one try
because Jack was in the he was in the
zone and I wasn't a better mojo I was
rusty yeah so I'm gonna better mood you
check your box check your box what we're
gonna do now we're gonna go diddle up
box for a little bit see if there's any
goodies in there no I'm Sam open the box
what's in the bag
it seems that you guys are not enjoying
playing and you have Stockholm Syndrome
with this game oh no I there's large
parts that I enjoy about this game this
boss battle in particular like I enjoy
the cleverness of this game yes overall
lots of very clever things I enjoy this
game of fun characters there are moments
like this when I'm sure you have to do a
very specific thing and it feels
contradictory to what the rest of the
game has taught us that I'm sure is very
clever oh wait but it doesn't feel
natural you know an ice cream
put away that weight alone I'm gonna you
don't need the fucking tapir anymore oh
that's a good idea I want to see what
the snowman screen does yeah oh nice
please take this to the ends of the
earth that's where we don't eat snowman
piece not the snowman piece snowman
piece no wait they're saying no eat
don't eat don't dairy the snowman piece
I guess that counts is killing something
oh oh Jesus did you eat it
no I didn't come
a la some people saying it doesn't
matter if you do the vast majority or
like and large-cap saying don't eat the
snow man I'm not gonna there's no Matt
be okay okay it doesn't count as killing
killing something and we have nothing in
the bench to be fucked well we got the
nice cream so we got one more how fine
well you just bring the snow man maybe
we're in an emergency I don't know
everyone people are telling us no the
snow man gives you a piece of him to
take to the end it's sad to eat it is it
just because it's sad or will it hurt us
in our pacifism run it's just an easter
egg if you bring it to the end
so I guess something happens I'm still
have it
it's sentimental garbage snow is
delicious it doesn't hurt you it's just
sad
you hate that one hate that one rich
this one I'm not too fond of
talk to him three times it makes things
so much easier it lowers his defense
when you talk about that's right I
forgot about that
let's take bets on how long it takes to
defeat this boss 20 minutes 40 minutes
question mark sir longer than that there
is the 100 hole in the trash yes but a
second by as much as another hamburger
well how much money was it in the trash
under just honoured you sure was just
honored
hey I was just honored
I think I have no yeah 100
the food in the alley shop for sheep
that's right there's that alley shop
100 gold can buy for cinnamon bunnies
and Snowden Energy will buy you junk
food in the shop in the creepy alleyway
like a current gold situation is we only
had like fifty nine gold we could go
back to that 100 G that Jack like
refused because I'm a nice guy to take
that money that somebody threw in the
garbage because they didn't want it
anymore
the the bicycles somebody's mention
because you can use them twice now so
saying you're out doing that bad
nope
there was that was the lowest I got him
down health-wise how far down wasn't
less than happening who I'm gonna guess
it's gonna need to be like 10% other
things yeah yeah yeah
stay determined
let's give their money huh it's good
that money let's get that money and go
to that outlet
oh yeah you're right no you're right all
right all right everyone ten you could
win easily what more food they have
confidence in you
you know I feel pretty good I'm almost
the last time you stood up Jack it's oh
it's been way too long I just
straightened out my legs a little bit
ago and my knees are killing me
yeah so you go you quick do this I'm
gonna stand up thank you no problem
you'll be fine you'll be fine
now you're gonna remember what a trash
can was because while you're gone I'm
totally gonna steal money from that
trash can
all right where was it where was it jack
where was the trash thing blow here
which was which way right hold this up
monsters right right Oh much better you
know just we've been sitting for like
three hours and so we have to beat this
fucking game
oh we're beating oh yeah there guys so
go right right you tell me right
again up again
really no really there there is an
energy drink in in the kitchen right now
and I'm not gonna have it because then I
just won't get to sleep tonight it's way
too late for that but I was thinking
about it I was thinking about when we
started this room but I have had plenty
of coffee today whole idea of coffee
that's a regular diet koban one there's
no there's no good the damages Lobby is
down here right yeah have any fun good
things 17 oh that's perfect that's
better than what we had no we're done no
are you sure you sure I'm filled up
enough oh but you know what you could do
what sells something that's useless no
no we don't have anything that's all I
got for the other thing there's a save
station up there put some stuff in a box
oh no but I guess it'll matter as long
as you say yeah okay great
oh wait wait I'll pay the house Angie if
you get medicine to autograph my but
that might have been possible maybe okay
find our way back now okay what are they
saying what's going on what's the jam
they're saying I'm guessing it's over
after a score anyway yeah
ezmo I dare you to stop playing right
now I never continue oh my god wait when
that would that be terrible we would be
terrible gamers if we just like yep
alright no more we're not gonna show you
how it ends
many people think we are terrible gamers
I mean you know ya know why don't we
live up to our reputation I mean why
change no why change now
alright we're terrible gamers it's fine
see you later everyone this one I get it
okay okay here we go are you doing this
oh my goodness let me give one shot okay
she's gonna get one chat now don't save
you because there's another save above I
mean you can't save you yeah yeah it
seemed very redundant like very
redundant saves oh boy why are those
there in case you died oh my god there's
another one here too yeah that's that's
the final oh my god okay here we go here
we go you got this rich what let's get
this all right now remember to talk to
him to lower his attack and defence yeah
asko are
you chose
I hate this one spot all right
firmly tell us
nice yeah I'm better at that one than
you yeah oh I'm terrible at that one
okay so now fight or if you want to use
an item you there is an item that heals
only ten and increases your speed
the CT speed boosts and hpsm
I have this fight
all right
Oh green still green
arc
nice
dammit sorry that is the worst fucking
attack yeah I want something closer
together
ah
Oh dead center
yeah sorry dad oh fuck you
nope nope nope nope nope nope
what blue
Oh rich fool
oh that's crazy
like oh my god losing are you
Oh God
and where has low HP that's a new
message he'll obviously yes yes I think
that's the the metabolism there if you
have yab yab you down okay but he has
low HP this is a new message
all blue except for last what do you
think your attacks are becoming stronger
yeah I know I know
waitwait but any one more fight we have
more healing items
I'll books and watch what I was moving
them steadily moving I know same thing
as having a baby daughter
ah wait Oh notice how it is I remember
the day after my son died
the entire underground was devoid of
hope the future and once again been
taken from us by humans in a fit of
anger and declared war
I said I would destroy any human that
came here I would use their souls to
become godlike and for yes from this
terrible prison
and I would destroy humanity
and that monsters ruled the surface in
peace
the people's hopes are turned
my wife however became disgusted she
left this place never to be seen again
truthfully I do not want power
I do not want to hurt anyone I just
wanted everyone to have hope but
I cannot take this any longer I just
want to see pirate life
I just wanted my iron
this wall has gone on long enough I have
the power we are having a fucking moment
here rich ever take my soul and leave
this cursed place merci merci everything
I have done hurt you
who wouldn't rather stay down here and
stuff up
then live happily on the surface I
promise you for as long as you Romania
my wife and I will take care of you as
best we can
what about those other kids you've
murdered
they get half the pie don't worry I've
murdered a lot a lot of you little
children we could be like a family
though what oh no what he got murdered
by something
oh is it flowery flowey whatever same
you really think that okay totally right
about that flower what what what what
this is where they said we had to reload
a save
what the game just automatically shut
off
well is it a crash or was that planned
that's planned yes of course it's
planned
gunshot fade to crash
it's not over till we say it's over you
hack for HUDs open it again fucking open
it again do it again long ago two races
ruled over the earth is it broadcasting
yeah it's broadcasting oh now you might
have broken it oh wait
let's go on let's go
the file erased
oh-ho you're huge number of battle about
you I never could have gotten past you
for so long
you feel me right up it's great to have
a soul inside me again
you feeling left out action you can
practice with your kids and these voices
don't you I do boys take your all-star
yura yura undertale all-star well you
know o scape into your own safe aah
oh and forget about okay so are you
gonna watch me tell you to bloody pieces
and over
then you can stop me that's actually the
top of going from that deep to that high
yeah I can imagine I can imagine no fun
oh Jesus Christ oh my what what what oh
we can move all around jesus god fucking
christ
don't you guys see that
turns off Jesus that's pretty cool
jesus H man I can't I can't I can't even
fucking what's the trick here oh fuck
man fuck what's the trick fuck man four
times just being in the box I tried to
stay in that circle that's that's wrong
move out of that circle first thing you
can try running up to his face or
something do something clever like go on
no does that do it no
Oh God
fight
are you safely under his hide behind his
him nope nope
the trick is get good right you know it
wouldn't be so bad if it didn't turn off
the game yeah that's a little bit
annoying every single time it's annoying
it's annoying but I kind of loved it it
really really punishes you what do i
press alt enter yeah
all right here we go
that's just fuck there man
move move move
Jesus
oh and I'm sorry what I'm sorry what
I'm sorry what I'm sorry what X ants I'm
I tried better
oh thank thank thank goodness what look
any fuck the hurts are helping you Souls
I get that
just don't die I'm working on not dying
fuck it's okay it's okay stay calm yeah
stay calm
fuck what stop it grab all of them you
move really slow rich old things grab
all things
oh wow oh fuck Wow oh fuck oh fuck no no
I don't realize what will happen if I
defeat you I would love to realize what
would happen if I defeat you
it saves progress it says okay lose that
mean that means been waiting have to go
through all of that again this is so
different for everything else you've
done yeah I've noticed that
we're getting there we're getting there
we're in green we haven't done green
before
don't get hit by all the things nope you
know working on it now now get hit by
all the things I'm hitting the Z button
oh when I get to fight by the way oh no
me all right anymore
yeah we got a result solace just matter
just I'm afraid the bombs oh my god oh
my god let there go my god
oh and the bees the bee flies watch out
for the people to have a fight is he on
the fight there you go you did 23
dampens bridge congratulate you 23 out
of 100,000 million
I got you just you just me
give me them give me that give me the
Glovers and let the clovers oh wow he's
defense dropped to zero that's the power
of hope
I got to not get hit with a thing soon
it's a slight bit of madness
what that was me nope
oh what a shame get to see you
all right when the powers
oh the souls what i doing
whoa
well I think that was an undertale and
undertale of the ages
one full pass was so far
that's the right call rich that's the
right call well change it killing me is
the only way to end this merci merci
where's me he let me live I'll come back
merci merci merci
because it's a video game but totally I
would go for a kill in real life yes Oh
we kill the mad flower that wants to use
the souls to take over the world
the souls of the innocent children okay
okay everyone your
I just can't understand oh we ran away
Oh what you went through the door okay
now it's an upper tail hey Toby Fox
that's a nice game and you too Tammy
Qiang timid I'm a Qiang and all of you
too and as well as you and did it all
and you as well
and either you to thank you for this
nice game nother game one of the same is
there more ma they're saying ma let's
see we got hey is anyone there
Wow
I'll just leave a message sure
oh it's been a while the Queen returned
and is now ruling over the underground
she's in state at a new policy kill all
of these youth and shoulder all of the
humans who fall here will be treated not
as enemies but as friendless it's
probably for the best anyway the human
souls the King gathered seem to have
disappeared
apparently you murdered their souls it's
very depressing nobody here likes to
think about it
the king was gonna put them in like in a
nice bedroom yeah they were gonna get
free meals but no the souls are dead
things are looking grim for our freedom
the moon's trying her best not to let us
give up hope so hey how are you doing if
we're not giving up down here don't give
up
wherever you are okay who knows how long
it will take but we will get out of here
sans who are you talking to nobody
Wang Wang a nobody can I talk to that
poo here
knock yourself out second I recognize
this noble human I'm doing fine
well besides one thing the Queen
disbanded the Royal Guard since we don't
have to fight human no more oh I have no
idea what to do with my life but that's
okay because I'm still working hard even
if it's all nothing at all so don't feel
like papyrus is heart who then is what
is the good dinosaur names got bad she's
lost a job then she lost her mouse you
said Bauer taken care of her she lives
on our couch now over a sleepover
there's no escape from the play oh we
gave her a job to Saints hi there the
illegal hot dog stand illegal hot dog
stand she she hates working the hell
bullshit make some food hot ow
oh yeah she's still buy new for the
disappearance of a skull she stalks me a
lot she has a ludicrous plan to cross
the barrier and beat you up who believe
to be honest neither guess impossible
but I want to believe it's not cuz I
want to go with her
then I'd get to see you again hate it
even if I'd have to fight you
you know well pinky fix cross
you are the undertale all-star Jack all
right be my vocal cards why did you get
don't you realize it'd be nice just
makes a good hard look at yourself
you made all these great friends but now
you probably never see him again
not to mention how much they've been set
back by you hurts if you had just gone
through without caring about it you
wouldn't have to feel bad now so I don't
still end up like this what is life
really that unfair yeah yeah it is maybe
just a punk-ass bitch
what if I told you I knew some way to
get a better day you have to know you
safer where in the meantime why don't
you go see you dad it seems like he
could have been better friend who knows
maybe she's got the king do y'all happen
me see you soon
all right what's the plan for that Wow
what do you mean those Hey apparently
there's more we can do I know I know I
know
no no we are not are we done done I'm
done done like with this game in general
streaming or do you think we'll do that
last bit what's looking to leave its
shores they're saying they're having fun
but the road to the truth end that road
to the true ending can be a tedious yeah
yeah no okay no I'm good yeah I'm good -
fun night definitely for tonight oh my
god for tonight of course but no I mean
I'm good we'll see you know what we'll
see how about that how about
okay we had see you I need to get out of
here yep hit alt enter again Oh Dino
spumoni a few hidden am my worst you if
you didn't see Linda and she was like a
mini boss he was like a fish face woman
with big lance and armor yeah she was
like this devilish night that she was -
she looked like the monster for The
Creature from the Black Lagoon wearing
plate armor and a cape
absolutely what do we got no we've got
gruff Mick military Joey to read these
always your voice shop I can I can do
old on I'm just reconnecting over here
Jeff Finity maybe definitely definitely
maybe base nine Wario specs for for 12
months in a row Emory 801 14 months in a
row bless our drugs 15 months in a row
crocodile brain 15 months in a row
drunky peep clinics peep crocs Grunk e
peep corn ox subscribes to happy frauds
mister sister Pfister that's a great one
and I hope to see that around mister
sister sister defects oh yeah baby
Slayer the baby Slayer 1 5 6 for 16
months in a row Oh powerful rain drop 16
months in a row
zen of been
from plenary render on to me
top ramens Elvin Fox lady Denning and oz
Mike for 12 months in a row thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
happy Anniversary House Mike yeah happy
happy happy anniversary
and what one year is the paper
anniversary big one the paper
anniversary pretty much everything's
digital I'm just saying that's supposed
to one-year anniversary it's email now
the emails the digital thanks the
digital paper the digital writing the
text message anniversary and Krieger
seven eight three sixteen months in the
row 16 months in row
jumping in
