Jul 27, 2016
Headlander
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/83309429
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/83310619
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tw7vkZoBH1w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSv0vxb0_0k
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/758369764573982720

[Part I]
I think I did I think I even updated
this dream oh hi okay well that's great
which is great right because if I didn't
update the stream it would still say
that we were playing I think we stopped
at like hand to fade
oh we did the defunct OD funk that's
right which morphed into hand of fate
because defunct was literally an hour
and a half long that's true I remember
that so what is what is this game what
is this a game Jake you told me we
needed to play this and I don't know why
I know I don't say we I you know okay
this is it's a newer game this came out
yesterday yeah and so you know it's like
oh I always like to play a little newer
stuff that's my thing
this is head Lander which is apparently
a Metroidvania esque game but it's a
double fine game which means everybody
hates it because of politics right so
it's a double fine game and I I believe
the main mechanic is you are a floating
head and you can attach two different
things so it looks cute and just you
know oh good I did update the stream
great so it looks cute before we get
started though I would like I'd like for
everyone to welcome our new bearers of
the green swords
he means mods just really gonna confuse
people who don't pay that much attention
to green sword what the fuck is he
talking that chat if you see someone
with a green sword next to their name
they're a mom people are gonna people
say that's a sword I never you know I
never paid much attention to that I
don't know what the hell that was so the
Green Square thing to me he said sword
no I mostly used welcome our new mods
cinnamon and leftover beefcake and to be
quite honest with you I had just assumed
beefcake was already a hostage because
he makes the twats er for us he'll be
they'll be far better than the old moths
I'm saying no the old moms are still
here oh fuck
owls
but welcome to Maude's we've been
hearing from some of the other mods that
uh that people are getting busy people
aren't able to show up as often and and
we wanted to swell the ranks a little
bit to help keep peace in the chat as
has been mentioned many times by many
people our chat is a swell place gedcom
what his name is Chad Chad comm check
the future looks like in the past
watching shitty for your ex rings cat
cow Jack I did see stranger things Lando
second I'm three episodes into stranger
things so later tonight not right now
later tonight we will discuss the first
three episodes of strange of things but
I mean it's so fucking good well
basically everyone should start watching
it because as soon as Jack's done what
the series we're just gonna talk about
everything
fucking everything the whole yeah we'll
have a huge spoiler discussion but we'll
do some pre discussions now am I am I
playing are you playing uh I don't care
ok great let's check out our options
here great then we could switch ok I do
wanna do wanna play first that's fine
that's fine yeah take this fucking
keyboard I think that I care what the
fuck you do with it would get around my
goddamn face great great grain hey
stranger things supposed to be a tease
references or Goonies like a imagine
what ahead what head two people one by
the way here I mean you know me I like
girlies old guy young guy I like lady
heads that came out wrong
stranger things is like imagine a mix
between like Goonies Goonies mixed with
et mixed with firestarter mixed with
one's own mixed with Twilight Zone well
you know the whole premise is very
Twilight Zone II I wouldn't say the feel
is Twilight Zone but a like what's a
creepy or a poltergeist the poltergeists
is in there okay
Stephen Stephen King mixed with Steven
Spielberg scored by John Carpenter Oh
the score is so fucking fantastic
definitely scored by John Carpenter you
know he didn't actually do it right but
the sound if they're aping John
Carpenter and and the whole thing has a
very 80s feel to it
we won't be talking spoilers till later
yeah well warn you Jack's only seen the
first three episodes so I guess we're
only gonna talk about that we're gonna
talk about the first three of says
that's all I could I could squeeze in
and even like the third episode I
watched this afternoon I had to like
twist my wife's arm like oh we can we
got an hour we can wait come on we got
an hour she really likes it too but you
know there's like let's not work for an
hour in the middle of the afternoon
there's a little bit of Carrie in there
sure sure
it's beautiful it's beautiful
this is a sorehead fucking yeah how much
horror isn't it actually it's it's more
it's more like a suspense thriller the
only one I see one person saying old guy
I don't really notice any votes for
anything else of old guy fragment or old
guy gonna care but shit bunch of garbage
or any of the kids are knowing no
actually that's something we were just
talking about is how great the children
actors are the casting all around is
fantastic unbelievably good cast I'd say
well and and just the ability of the
duffer brothers to get these
performances out of these kids because
they're great like the kids are great
you know kids in movies oftentimes they
suck but these ones really pull it off
they got range
yesterday how did you feel about Winona
Ryder I thought she was perfect oh she
was got - yeah it's nice
well what did Jay say about her you
thought she was terrible he's not yes
you know perfect I know I don't know if
it helps but I know someone exactly like
that
and she's playing her so perfectly yeah
and so it's just like maybe Jays never
met a crazy person before but yeah
that's probably fair to say right but no
I thought she was perfect
would you miss the under yonder not much
we just started the game rich is
learning the controls not the only thing
I can do right now is have left or right
sure
wait there was a there's a thing back
though what thing way back
okay now
apparently that does nothing yay game
audio too low right yeah you you have
keyboards and all the stuff necessary to
fix this why are you looking at me
motherfucker Oh cuz I was I was giving
you a warning um that um I was gonna
i'll tab i'll tabbing back great your
ear what's that say let's think of the
ship okay okay
earthworm jim by Telltale Games yes also
turn on subs please
subs what can't hear shit hold on for a
second rich hold on why can't you hear
shit I have fucking no pause I don't
know why you guys can't hear shit hold
on you're honest I presume
hold on I think I by tapping something I
think I made it work
oh not subs subtitles gotcha oh that's
what you meant okay I believe I fixed it
now and you're gonna turn on subtitles
so I fixed it great I didn't all I did
was hit the property button on a gear
okay did you get some title that I did
but I need to get back to the game
I'm stolen I'm still a window summer
there you go we're back in the game the
feminist guy in the shirt supporting the
new Ghostbusters is rich Evans and rich
Evans is big believer in feminism and
the principles
Hedlund
you're ahead Lander rich you did it you
had landed well from what I've heard
about this game is it's a Metroidvania
it's what's new jack there's a lot more
rich did you see the news about the
Nintendo NX awesome awesome Nintendo NX
news has possibly been given the no
confirmation from Nintendo yet but
Eurogamer is reporting that the console
will be basically like a tablet with
controllers basically what the Wii U
tablet is now that you can then dock
that'll plug into your TV and you can
take it'll have removable controllers
the actual handheld device so it's a
handheld that you can use as a console
the handout that you can use there's no
what I called it would be well that's
what everyone kind of thought it was
gonna be the the interesting thing is
the removable controllers the console is
what they're reporting well they'll suck
compared to the classic controller
everyone will be unhappy because it'll
be small because they're gonna want them
to fit into the handheld so the
controllers are gonna be really terrible
to use and nobody's gonna like them and
intend is not gonna listen cuz they're
gonna be stubborn yeah and that's gonna
affect the controls in every game they
make for this thing yeah and so every
games gonna be awkward to play I'm not
on that will that will that will once
again inhibit third-party support for
the platform yep not only that but every
game also has to work mobile because
this is also like it's not it doesn't
like plug into a bigger game session it
just plugs into your TV and so like
they're saying that like it has like a
mobile processor a strong mobile
processor but the games are gonna be
weak as shit why why would it have to
have a weaker processor what if it's
just expensive it has a normal console
processor because it needs to be mobile
and if you have a more expensive or a
more hardcore processor that's gonna
drink a lot about maybe this thing has
really terrible battery was it could
have really terrible bad or it's gonna
not it be very powerful are they
marketing this is a replacement for the
3ds as a replacement for the Wii U
or as a replacement for both they have
not said anything everything right now
is pure speculation I don't understand
you Nintendo I just don't understand you
there's less pot if it's less powerful
than the Wii U it can go fuck itself and
you know like maybe it'll be equally as
powerful as the Wii U as the computing
technology has come a long way
octave is saying it's a Tigre x1 or its
successor it's a good chip that's still
a mobile chest research things Before
Time
hey Jack was the one who started
spouting out he's got a mobile process
or whatever whatever a mobile processor
is the Tigre is a mobile chip that's the
set it's the thing that they would use
in something like a gaming laptop or
like one of those beefier what do they
call those like the Nvidia
Oh No just like
I'm fine
okay great
watch out Shepherds got their heads
so can you aim more yeah okay are you
aiming which one is
well I'm not too good at this right
so my just screwed I have no idea
nope there you go got a I don't got him
which one of you is bad yeah I agree
Tigers good well you know there were
three identical looking red dudes
I'm sure rich knew no oh oh the big
glowing thing with the arrows on it rich
yeah it's a little confusing so far but
we'll get it we'll figure it out it's
just weird
all these games are weird there was a
different game that I wanted to play I I
figured out a way to stream Vita games
and an interesting a mystery dungeon
game recently came to the PS Vita have
you ever heard of a mystery dungeon game
it's like a dungeon crawler a little
roguelike ish
but a thing I need to stream the game as
I come yet and so we feel this one might
be cool we don't know anything
oh yes no you're right we did we got a
tip a future famous person says rumor
has it that the new Nintendo system is
going to be a handheld that can be
plugged into a TV and have controller
plugged into it does this sound like a
bad idea or something that could be good
oh well hey we just talked about that
assuming they can yeah it makes a lot of
sense if they're not if you're not
getting screwed on capability right well
and you know well if they're just trying
to focus on the handheld market like a
handheld that you can plug into your TV
that seems to be their strong point
anyway and I would kind of love that the
only problem is if this thing is going
to be too big to carry with me
everywhere you know like even a 3ds is
fucking giant you can't put that in your
pocket you need a backpack which I know
most people have it could be a really
good thing if there's if that's their
stuff like we're making mobile games
we're making handheld games that you can
also play on your TV the only problem is
where does where it is like the new
Zelda finish office you know is that
only going to be on the Wii U who knows
well probably would probably do what
they did with Twilight Princess
what am I supposed to do there you can
pick up that blue thing right down there
I believe you can pick up the blue thing
that you drop down
that's like behind that thing right now
oh I didn't know they even dropped
anything
do it
well what that word goes
Oh nope oh that that was connecting for
this thing no I'm too much talking until
little paying attention maybe you have
to hit the guy with the blue family I'd
use the blue thing as a weapon where's
it go where to go
is it gone forever it might be it's
quite possible that you don't need it
then if it's gone forever les is hidden
behind this forgotten Brown crap no I
think it's to see it is there a way you
can make him like a ricochet his bullets
to hit him I don't fucking know sir I'm
just trying to think of ideas rich oh
you did died
yeah shit happens you did died rich yep
so what did you use to pick up the blue
thing I don't know I hit a button to get
that under warden I don't even know
where the blue thing came from no no I'm
saying like can you can you know like he
hits me when I get close he hits you and
you get close can you pick him up
without getting close
that's like a save point right I think
so okay that's a trans fiber node asking
somebody was never played this before
what's going on I'm just trying to try
to kind of help you out
those old bullets don't seem to be okay
yeah then I think you gotta suck his
head off Oh or make him open the door
that works soon what the hell oh did bus
shots open the door and make sense yes
sweet jeebus prison
oh oh oh god I lost where I was they
uh-oh
oh hey Kyle how's it going they keep
saying you gotta suck their heads up
with your vacuum oh that's what they're
saying does work alright we did it we
did it we took the guy's head off
know any of that did but
and I'm hoping for little flying heads
got to be a body
sin gates ii i was trying to help rich
figure out that ii i'm looking at chat
here and there we were trying to figure
out the game maybe you should sell down
there man we're not paying attention to
them for three seconds just one person
Colin says it's all about sucking or
tugging their heads you got a second
time right we're gonna talk a little
sock a little tug tug suck suck and
heads all sorts of heads
everything's fine you know what
everything's fine everybody
it's beautiful though you know what was
weird I rode my bike here today okay and
as as I was riding do you know what
airplane I saw in the airport what start
riding my bike here go and past the
airport and all of a sudden I start
seeing a lot of police officers yeah so
that's really weird and they line it up
and as I get closer to the airport more
and more police officers and sitting
right there is the trumpets playing I
didn't I had no idea he was in town but
apparently the Trump pence is in town
what good will talking about this dude I
just thought it was neat like I saw the
plane I didn't see them or anything
I am I am so done with politics not uh
not uh not certain politics I just says
like hey I saw the plane I didn't I
don't know if they have an event in town
or if they're just stopping to refuel or
whatever but you know I saw it and I
thought it was neat
I like a plane with a word on it that's
all
this this election is so depressing so
depressing yeah it's fine I'm not voting
yeah yeah no fuck it let it burn Jack
let it all burn I like it not burning
I'm happy with it not burning Pence is
in Waukesha tonight no okay that's
what's happening - why the Waukesha
Airport Waukesha enzone damn Airport
that's what we're supposed to down here
tractor how about them lasers right how
about them lasers attached to one of
those other robots something's a little
Tunney yeah there we go
that makes sense oh nice nice figure it
out yeah we figured it out rich so I do
you did I did you know just to talk
about something only slightly less
controversial than politics
I can talk about Batman vs Superman yeah
I saw a wonderful video about Batman vs
Superman today if you guys have a chance
to watch it it's by a someone called
Naruto writer he has a YouTube that's
his YouTube channel and he went on the
little rants about Batman vs Superman
and he made a very interesting point
which is Batman vs Superman has a lot of
moments it has a lot of cool shots and a
lot of cool moments but not necessarily
a lot of scenes you know like normally a
cool moment will happen within a scene
and in Batman vs Superman it's it almost
as if it's almost as if every line of
dialogue was trying to get to this one
cool moment that doesn't really serve
the story or the characters citing
specific examples from the movie and I
thought it was a very neat I didn't say
that
I thought it was a very neat watch and I
enjoyed it cause it made a lot of sense
because yeah Jack Snyder likes things
that look cool
and he doesn't necessarily care how he
gets them to look cool how he gets there
so tyrannosaurs works I think people are
divisive about Batman vs Superman we
still get a ton of the shit comments
from our Batman vs Superman video just
just having a conversation about it it's
difficult what's this having a
conversation apparently for some people
it's hard to it's hard to hear a
dissenting opinion from some people
okay that's fine that's fine I mean so
now you're on a rocket that looks a lot
like a penis right yep
that's just a big joke of this is that's
just a cock and balls whatever that's
why I'm now that's fine just you know I
just want to point things out
this is fine it's fine it's fine
great I have not I have actually not
seen sucker punch I did it bro I don't
know yeah reasons why are we ahead I
know I haven't been paying attention to
anything I think they're telling us now
people who's talking to us if you guys
want help or have questions I'm the
composer for head Lander says f vlogging
ninja f flogging ninja John I'm okay
he's a little tired a yes just a little
tired today
that's you know I've been busy earlier
it happens we try to pick it up try to
pick up we'll try to pick up the flow
the flizzy look we had a couple of
fantastic streams now now we're gonna
have a shit one no it's it's fine
there's ups and downs eh there's ups
fine there's absolutely ups and downs s
flocking ninja is David Gregory Earle
who's been with the composer for this
game if we have questions ninja we will
ask you thank you thank you for offering
your assistance
very sick of politics right now okay
well then we just won't talk about it
I'm sorry for bringing up to me in
general you have the you have the RNC
yeah
you have the DNC have you think the
fucking Ghostbusters fucking movie I'm
very all the politics all the problems
you just fucking politics those are the
three big parties the Republicans the
Democrats and ghostbusters it's funny I
know it's funny but it's absolutely true
that movie talking about the movies just
some disgusting political bullshit sir
chances also the rest of the speculation
includes the bit about the NX using
cartridges that is very true the the new
Nintendo console they are talking about
going back of course yeah makes sense
seems to work for them for the 3ds
well I mean I was talking like actual
Karma's are just gonna be like spent a
flash memory kind of like flash drive
kind of thing well you know those hold
those hold a lot these days
I think cartridge like each game is its
own thing okay which is something I'm
not necessarily down with I really like
digital I really like streamlining where
I how's that much different from disk
what do you mean the cartridge versus
disk yeah I don't like this either what
makes you think they won't have
downloadable shit - mm-hmm probably I'll
probably have if it's a mobile device
yeah I'm assuming it won't have that
much storage SD cards over wat it'd be
great if it be great if they had SD
cards I don't know if it's gonna have
this because we don't know what it's
gonna have storage wise I'm concerned as
someone who likes digital gaming I'm
concerned about the Nintendo connects
yonder yonder says since your shift was
a cock and balls does that make you
Prince Albert stud zing you know that is
you know - Prince Albert is the piercing
yeah someone who gets pierced through
the dick whatever for the same things
that won't I just say you know some
countries a free country and you can you
can I just like I have the freedom to
judge you for it and Jesus Christ why
would you want to put another hole in
your dick that seems weird me that is
weird to me if that is your life
congratulations you live it but you know
I don't want someone putting a hole
it's got one and I think it works pretty
well yeah yeah just this guy you know
says hey here's some money to tie a very
long piece of string between two cans so
you can talk to Colin on stream Colin we
can do that now we will figure this out
for next stream if you want to if ever
you want to stop and say hi
if we run Skype through the laptop you
and I can put on the headphones because
we have the headphone splitter now so we
can both hear Colin and he can talk
through chat yeah there is theoretically
a way to do accountant let us know and
anonymous says I'm going to Chicago
tomorrow do you know any good
restaurants in the up on this
neighborhood
uptown episode like North Side not
really okay I grew up in suburbs
literally I'm not really that familiar
with all of the restaurants downtown
okay yeah just you know Yelp it it'll be
fine
Yelp is good for that shit yeah Jack and
rich seem kind of subdued tonight yeah
I've been beat down by like just shit
that's going on just just on Facebook
yeah yeah yeah it's it's it's a late
night it's been a long day and I'm sorry
that would be that we seem beat down
tonight that's gonna happen every once
in a while you can't you can't get us on
100% all the time because because that
would be that would be disingenuous you
know we don't want to be disingenuous
dude is that a feeling tonight feeling a
little tired
I could use some coffee yeah I really
could but we don't have anything this
game looks cool
what what do you what we want we said
we're gonna switch off and now open try
to switch off when you're laughing yeah
you know looks and you're just like yeah
I'll give you sad you talk to chat for a
little bit read the hashbrowns
tit oh okay only child says hey guys oh
I could tip every stream to support you
but don't really have anything
interesting to say or ask tonight I'm
making hashbrowns right now how crispy
do you guys like your hash browns
um well nobody likes them under or over
done how do you how do you categorize
where the sweet spot is probably a
little bit a little bit on the crispy or
end for me you know the important thing
for hashbrowns is like pancakes where
it's got to be crispy on the outside and
then a little chewy on the inside yeah
you know you need that mixture
and insightful door hey hi yes quiet you
why'd you
and this thing now I'm this thing now
and I need to get a red robot come that
is my mission I'm in a : look at this on
the map that is a : where you a red lady
robot earlier I guess she doesn't count
I need a laser I like the animation than
the one would just walk by him that was
great that was a great robotic sexy walk
oh oh you're you're murdering all these
completely innocent robots
I don't care why don't you care why
should I care about them I think you
should I would have say I think you
could should whatever I could and should
yes both ha ha ha
nunim says hi rich Jack oh there's space
there there's no space there when they
should be hi rich hi jack I thought I
was like 2 inches rich that's ridge high
hi jack high return jack high ridge
hijack the plane oh that's it that's it
that's it that's it that was the tip
just high right yeah okay madam says
rich and Jack Phillip crap couldn't find
a way out Along Came Jay who showed them
away and impressed with his horror
knowledge clout rich have you seen The
Killing Joke thoughts
I've not seen The Killing Joke I keep
hearing negative things about it it's
just not looking good no I'm looking
very good well is the actual normal
story without any of the bullshit hidden
there under all of the the added crap
that's the question likes it
is it 40 minutes of just shit we added
and then The Killing Joke starts and
it's just the normal Killing Joke as we
know it would that be okay yeah
just start them start the movie where
it's supposed to start that doesn't seem
right but I'll take it
this is where you started we're gonna
this little role that she does the
analyst it's adorable it's fun no cuz
then it's just bullshit you know like I
like the the idea so you could just
fast-forward but it's like that's still
bold it's bulls that's that's unwanted
and unneeded flu what they're adding
Truman shoelaces
hey Jack and rich in the UK and staying
up past my Betty buys to watch you guys
I'm weirdly fascinated by the jaws films
at the moment what do you guys think of
them hello pleasure my penis the UK
version of lol fuck my talk if you
wouldn't mind it would be it would make
me ever so happy if you were to pleasure
my penis it yes weld you have any
thoughts on the jaws movies they're
great
well first one is first ones great I
don't remember much about the second one
in that it's a problem I haven't seen
the third one in ages but the concepts
need like SeaWorld jaws in SeaWorld
mm-hmm that's fun
sure I you know what it's been ages even
since I've seen the first one I guess
and the fourth oh God we're the with the
jaws where the shark actually has a
grudge against the family that's great
that's insane great what the fuck what
the ever-loving fuck
I need a red John's 3 was a great
concept but total shit says John he look
I believe it I have to rewatch it and
I'd need a strong urge to rewatch it
which I'm probably not gonna have so
right yeah that was during the first 3d
weave revival because it was the 50s 3d
and then there was there was a handful
of movies in the 80s that brought it
back it's like a gimmick John's 3d
wasn't one of the Friday the 13th one of
the Friday the 13th was free D well
there's Freddy's dead can't speak I
can't speak at all there's Freddy's dead
in 3d now there's modern 3d which oh
fuck it right which is already gone oh
boy is it gone like is it I mean still
people are still doing it but like their
marketing has there been a major movie
to come out that hasn't had a 3d version
in the last year like a big movie that's
a good question Oh
just 3d wasn't red-blue they actually
used polarized glasses really did not
know that how interesting
Nana says that moods got our boys
subdued the good book gave rich of bad
outlook feeling I will be landing some
head on dub D I read the thing I they
say the thing I read the thing and you
did it rich you did it you did it so
well and so great great anything you do
is great and you're so great yeah we've
been here
yes we're talking about jaws yeah Josh
3d John's 3d yeah 3d in general I've
always hated or jaws for if you'd prefer
to talk about that what movie that I've
recently seen 3d Michael Caine is in
Jaws form that's right I saw when I saw
Zootopia
no not Zootopia some kids I saw some
kids movie with my kids
maybe Zootopia and we sat at the movie
theater in the loo the only showing we
could see is in 3d and so I had to wear
the stupid glasses I just hated it yeah
hey because I have to wear my over my
glasses you want to take them off I at
least I do you probably used to wear
glasses in general but but what's going
on in that in that shag carpet room
what's going on in the background just
rolling around yeah this is like a
hippie place hippie robots should be
robots okay these are these are hippie
robots I'm sure because it's a double
fine game it's just full of weird humor
yeah Bobby we're not really playing it
paying attention so
a forensic slash rich haven't had the
time to watch the last few streams so
here's some extra cash sign so you can
use you can use for coffee that's what
we need right now that's what we need
right now
coffee or whatnot yeah I'd probably use
some caffeine right caffeine a massage
made a massage shoes I can help you with
one of those things maybe
whip its head off Jack got some fees
arranged in that fucker if they talked
about the new Batman game yet I have not
played the new Batman game I don't know
what I care much about the new Batman
game we were wondering whether we should
do that for like an episode or a first
four hours over something the tell-tale
Batman game yeah and our conclusion oh
shit oh think twin-stick red trigger
actually pulls the trigger no but you
aim like that you know what
and basically our what our conclusion
was was we we'd probably just be saying
like really similar things and repeating
ourselves because uh you can actually
take cover
yeah that's neat some behind you whoa
just rip its head off fuck it I fuck
around
I fuckin with anything yeah what's on
their heads off is we would be repeating
ourselves a lot there's a lot of story
in this but I guess there's supposed to
be a story you know so we decided
against it mostly because we you
probably know this it's not a game we
could break a million subs on YouTube if
we play the telltale game while
overreacting to everything that's true
like sarcastically or overacting to the
hate
we're just pretending we're amazed no we
have to just over like if we if we if
we're mad at something we have to be so
mad I can't believe it this is the worst
thing I've ever experienced in a game
you know that kind of hung right right
right okay I guess I have to shoot them
you're just not good enough to do
otherwise I think I just need to get
good the covers need I had a notice now
yeah left trigger is the cover the
Mechanical Turk says here's some money
for Jack's massage rich fund but for
oils and such got heavy oils that's
important super important
got you know cuz without the oils then
you just start chafing overacting oh my
god I can't believe it's the Joker yeah
what are the odds the Joker doesn't show
up gonna tell kill Batman game that
would be great
that's that's the fat man draw back the
Joker is too popular
oh it would be a letdown of the Joker to
show up and some kind of major Batman
story do you think is there a major
popular Batman story where the Joker is
not even mentioned not even mentioned
well it's like you know year one he's
got this small thing at the end I know
but I know that's the closest you know
one would work perfectly fine without
that small - right - yeah your one was
the first thing that came I mean you
know Batman Begins it's the same thing
words like this I'm just what you asked
for a story I give you stories it's the
same thing as year one where it's like a
small thing at the end with the playing
card people people didn't like the Dark
Knight Rises I thought I thought that
was like yeah The Dark Knight Rises sex
well people said it's the worst one not
everyone not everyone I said wasn't me I
don't think I think begins as dull as
Fox dog mm wait am a dog okay I can see
that you're a dogs yeah Oh
I love being a dog I am a robot dog only
chances hash browns update okay they
were crispy enough but I used too much
oil I can never seem to get them right
lol
hash my Brown - too crunchy too much oil
they were crispy enough but too much oil
I do not know what gobbledygook says I
saw The Killing Joke at the theater on
Monday
it sucked no that is all
you say I gotta be this good you know
you know it should have been it should
have been like look some kind of a
YouTube video nigga make they can make
money off Mads what are we gonna fuck
ton of heads wouldn't it if they some
kind of web exclusives redid the comp
and then you wouldn't have to fucking
worry about padding it when it's got a
for excelling this product that a DVD
it's gotta be X number of minutes long
but it's it's not even about the padding
because you can pad any story like like
we were talking about the other day like
adding that Barbara Gordon backstory is
really important for someone who might
not be that familiar with Batgirl you
have them go on a missions you have them
not have sex and then the rest of the
Killing Joke happens the only backstory
all right yeah I know you haven't read
The Killing Joke and I forgot to bring
it today oh oh and I forgot to remind
you that the only backstory you need is
that she's Gordon's daughter you don't
need to know anything about Batgirl no
but I I think you need to know that
because Bruce Wayne also has we know we
know and anybody who's new just knowing
that she's Gordon's daughter for the
context of that story is enough but that
that adds hopefully that adds to the
subtext with Batman
right like her being killed even though
she was killed because she was born
crippled sorry not killed even though
she was crippled because she was
Gordon's daughter
I bet Batman feels a little bit
responsible because that's his Batman
thing that would add to the subtext
because even in the in the context of
the story which is basically just there
so you can tell some kind of Joker
origin Joker's squarely the focus of
everything that happens it's unimportant
it's unimportant
Batman's reaction in that story is that
important it's all about the Joker and
why he feels the way he does about the
world
his his twisted view of reality is the
point ice I still think getting a little
Barbara backstory is a good thing it's
it's not a puss I'll do one more thing
just it's not a Batman story it is a
joke that's a summary the killing right
right but getting that Barbara backstory
and making her sympathetic to everyone
is a good idea they just they just
mucked it up
well Lucas either hollow crystalline
bouncy y'all could use that to reflect
lasers but each time a laser hits your
shield it rains a bit of okay
the off switch says please don't
overreact to stuff red letter media is
supposed to be dead pen leave the
overacting for when Sony gets the rights
to your life stories and makes an awful
film 20 years from now good ok Arnold
Rimmer says all right government I was
it going what's my birthday today
tomorrow few folk so sorry if I go a bit
random what games you what games are you
playing
what what games are you enjoying the
most at low budget slash movie or
triple-a ones right now I'm kind of
between games yeah I finally I finally
gotten doom out of my system wasn't lay
the fuck out of doom yeah I know you
were as far as Triple A or whatever I'll
give you shit I play what's fun I don't
know is it fun
what are you feeling right now but now
the dooms out of you I'm kind of between
I'm flying a little bit because of
thinking about Mad Max recently we did
the review and all mmm I play the Mad
Max game ok but I I could play something
else not a big deal
you're not you're not married to madmax
yeah I could have played a bit of of
Orcs Must Die at the other night that
would've been the same yeah and very
recently I've started to replay hand of
fate which I I think it's fantastic
what a fantastic game what's the secret
that I don't know that that was like
last year's e3 I want to say that they
announced the sequel I would love I
would love to get my hands on that and
not play as that ugly guy I know that
you said there's no there's still no
character creator hey that's the rumor I
don't know if anyone really knows every
screen shot they've released it's been
out that's a the girl is the the player
okay every single screen shot there
might still be a curved crater but
having any one really really knows
whoa shepherds
turbo Jesus 5000 hey guys how's junk if
you were if you were transporters the
cretaceous period together armed with
only what you have on you now
what would be your strategy for survival
armed only with what we have on us right
now
does that include my backpack over there
because I have a knife in my backpack
yes I'll say it does okay great
I have a knife in a bottle and a water
bottle in my backpack which will
significantly increase our chances of
survival
what is your survival strategy okay step
one fire because we need warmth and cook
stuff
step two simple shelter step three water
after that just kill everything that we
see fucking murder everything or else
it'll murder us fire water shelter
murder murder murder murder fire water
shelter murder murder murder sick of the
six steps to the success we would freeze
to death within the year if we were
transported here
oh sure unless this is underwater I mean
where the fuck was here in the
Cretaceous right you know no I'm I'm
saying I'm trying to think outside the
box because that's what rich Evans does
yet finds some kind of cave and you need
yourself some kind of carving tools you
need to make find a way to make a
message that's going to last a very long
time okay saying hello my name is rich
Evans in the year 2016
whatever this freak accident is going to
happen that will strand me back in time
please meet up with me on this date to
prevent me from being stranded in the
Cretaceous oh so you're gonna
mess with the timeline yeah nice yeah
nice rich you have to save yourself
because you know you know if you
stranded in the Cretaceous you probably
want to die sooner or later you're never
gonna get rescued no that's why you have
to murder everything murder all the
things he'll you're you're fucking this
humanity might not even evolve you're
funnier you're murdering everything at
that point in time the butterfly effect
jack then fuck it then then I'm king
then I'm king I'm gonna model of what of
what it's gonna be
then I'm king of you fuck off you can
bow to Emperor rich jackass uh who's got
the knives yeah it's me
now I like your plan of writing writing
as many messages as we can to try to get
converge to try to get some humanity to
help us
they are of re our 77th very yard Oh
Jack Harwich you may or may not have
seen this either way I give you the
rogue one slash Neal Breen trailer
mashup welcome well click on that later
yep Oh funds Oh sparkle fat says that's
a good name
I think of stranger things as a combo of
its and the mist with a young furiosa
LOL fuck my crocodile brain until I get
canceled and have my skeleton removed
furia you think he really just because
she's bald and that's that's some
terrible reasoning she's far closer to
firestarter Frost with sterilized you
agree with me Jack yes yeah yes I mean
she's bad she's she's Carrie if if the
government agency that's tracking down
firestarter got ahold of her the shop
got ahold of her right before the events
of Carrie could happen that's not a
spoiler you learned who that character
isn't the first goddamn episode 11 yeah
she's in the first is she yeah no she's
in the first and she demonstrates her
weird powers in the first episode
alright that's so good it's all good you
even know they're chasing her in the
first episode
I mean I believe it and I don't I don't
see the it that much I know it's got
kids
it's got kids in general like the way
they use kids it's far more like Goonies
kids that that relate to each other
they're having an adventure what what it
is terrified it's the Goonies kids in
the it universe because it like it's
creepy
unlike Goody's but the kids are more
like Goonies so it's it's both yes
because it's everything wonderful
everything wonderful everything
marvelous strange of things and that
soundtrack is fucking awesome
trader of zinc says you would die from
oxygen poisoning due to a higher oxygen
concentration okay
well that's good it seems like a
miserable fucking life honestly
I look for a Doge Doge EO we needed ovo
openness for ode areas
I just go there
someone's saying the kids are more like
the Explorers kids are cool
nonsense it's nonsense I tell just
somebody said the Explorer someone else
in some Millison I asked for the front
of monster squad that I'm saying Goonies
cuz they seemed like they wanted it to
be Spielberg iam Goonies et creepiness
of it with fire starter and carry and
any needful things cuz you know a
small-time cop small-town table
it's just it's a whole lot of mishmash
that really really works well a whole
lot of mishmash
as you saw it is and Winona Ryder is
perfect yes J is wrong it's okay and and
it's okay they taste like we're all
wrong sometimes
yeah it's particularly wrong when it
comes to with on a rider I'm a stranger
thing absolutely
abso-freakin'-lutely
what
the prices we missing something
Oh
it was this mixed with that well that's
that's the it's the best way to describe
stranger things though cuz it kind of
wears its influences on its sleeve
oh yeah it's not shy about it which is
which is fine because it also it never
in it wears this influences on a sleeve
but it never stops to point that out
yep like this did you want to talk a
little bit about it now
sure sure hey God we're gonna talk about
the first three episodes of stranger
things for a little bit okay so yeah
heads up we are about to talk about the
first three episodes of stranger things
if you haven't seen it yet and plan on
it stop paying attention turn mark
Darmok has only watched the first two
well you know I'm sorry I'm sorry
there's nothing I can do about this this
is this is happening you had you had you
know like two weeks to work much reg
things and we've been talking it up why
didn't you get to about it all this time
rich has been insisting that I watch it
would you say Winona Ryder steals every
scene she steals many of them I don't
know that she steals everyone because I
don't know she steals every scene she
said because everyone in that show is
great everyone on the show is great
except for you know the the cop with the
glasses who's a lot of a lot of times
next to our small-town cop he sucks
he's minor character Mick doesn't do
much though he's minor character Mick
exposition yeah like every once in a
while he'll like pop into the camera
chat off a little back story like
everybody get that back story I gotta go
Wynonna Ryder is great I wouldn't say
she steals every scene
it's just her character is so big and
important that you're drawn to her by
the way champ I get it now
I get it now how did you do you get it
now Winona Ryder steals every scene oh
my god
Wow
when did that happen
for for those who don't know a while ago
one was writer that was like 15 fucking
years ago an owner writers once stole a
t-shirt from a Beverly Hills clothing
store and got arrested for it Jesus is
an old reference right there and I'm
sure everybody constantly brings it up
to her yeah but that shoplifting it's
like something she will never live down
probably yeah why why why did you do
that
Winona Ryder what's going on in your
head Winona Ryder you think I got I got
five million dollars in the bank I can't
I can't spare another 30 only got five
million dollars in the bank jeez Louise
whoa Winona Ryder you chef fuck things
up nah she's fine she's got this acting
job which I'm sure she could come by
very cheaply because you needed to pay
bail money all right so Friends of this
greater things is great I mean what
where do you even start with stranger
things you know the the title sequence
alone if I just if someone would have
just shown me that title sequence I
would have been sold on it it's so cool
spy I watched it yeah that's why I
watched it somebody's you know gonna
mention in the chat and then I
remembered for once when I went home and
I looked at AI Google I met in Google
YouTube
I went to YouTube and I looked up
stranger things yeah first thing it says
title sequence I'm like oh my god that's
perfect
it's so beautiful here's the thing
though yeah what if you're not an 80s
kid
what if you're not a native what if
you're not an 80s kid what do you what
do you make of it why is this do you
watch them and say why is this music
also fucking dated I'd like to think
that even non eighties kids would kind
of get it but I mean that's a good
question rich but the title the the
intro is fine it's it's perfect the the
synth music the score in general is just
always there and always great super
subtle I'll have to do a side-by-side
comparison someday but I get swear to
God some of that music is lifted almost
almost lifted straight from Big Trouble
in Little China it's like a lower key
version I think of the Big Trouble in
Little China like rising action music
yeah yeah
oh really manager reading things in the
game yeah read those things I'm going to
read this huge Agatha says do you have
any thoughts on the Knights of the Old
Republic star wars games from Bioware or
any plans on checking them out no not a
big Star Wars guy I don't really care
hey Jedi's one tells me I need that well
hey Jess you got to play the second one
cuz I said don't think it's truck I've
heard I don't I don't care that much but
Star Wars I don't care enough about Star
Wars and if I've heard the endings also
kind of like bad and incomplete but I
want to set myself up to get kicked in
the nuts what do I want that why do I
want that you probably don't
sorry Genesis here's something in hopes
for more Phoenix right one of these days
many of us do miss it also do you think
you'd stream breath of the wild slash to
a prereq episode slash or play alone
this is zelda news only oh absolutely I
didn't even have a fucking date yeah
that's the real question is do they have
a date it's probably gonna be another
seven years because that's how it works
woods old up they announce it and then
you see it like the next five a threes
so you thought two gathered I got it you
dumb you don't know stranger things no I
know you've only seen the first we have
well it's you know what can you talk
about besides saying like everything
they do is great you know that's well
that's what I'm trying to come up with
is like specific reasons but it's just
the the feel and the tone is so perfect
and and the directors just know what
they're doing and I'd want to talk about
some specific plot kind of things you
haven't seen it all yet so Mike still
can can you talk about anything in the
first three episodes not really cuz one
of my complaints would stranger things
is that it takes so long to get fuckin
started oh you know what and and I
remember you saying that and to me I was
hooked after the first episode the
nostalgia kept me going
I'll admit that look this gives me good
warm feelings of my childhood I was into
the kid next that kept me into it yeah
the kids were great but the story wasn't
developing enough for my taste
early on oh I don't know yeah then
that's the difference between us I was
super into it right from the get-go
yeah just spoke to me I loved the
mystery Oakland shit
love the mystery loved the the the
sci-fi aspect so that's not new man look
all right on me for fuck's sake what I
got like I know like if you see even
like like what do you think of the
monster have you seen much with the
monster I've seen so might be a spoiler
in the third episode you know it's all
shadows in the first couple of episodes
in the third episode the monster breaks
through Winona white writers wall yeah
oh fucking hell fucking hell so the
third episode Winona Ryder is starting
to figure out that her son who's gone
missing can speak to her through the
lights yeah and she does some really
crazy shit that everyone why everyone
thinks it's crazy and and there's this
beautiful sequence of her just stringing
up more and more Christmas lights until
eventually like she can hone in on him
and then she uses that to like draw an
alphabet on the wall and then you know
so her son can speak to her and it's
it's it's just all done so smoothly and
like I I think in a lesser show or in
like a lesser movie you would have to
have like that character there to be
like what's going on I don't understand
Winona Ryder you're gonna have to tell
me what's going on she would then like
exposed I you know it's positive well
what I'm thinking is my son is talking
to me through the lights but the way
they were non verbally communicating her
intentions during I mean for everybody
every character but during that sequence
in in particular was just gorgeous and
then you know it ends with with the son
spelling outrun and the monster comes
through the wall I get a tiny little
glimpse of it and I was like I kind of
liked not seeing it yes yes and I really
hope I don't see any more of it but here
here's the here's the the big horror
movie
question rich it's always more fun to
not see the monster but you have to
escalate the action how do you balance
this is why going with CGI was a mistake
for one you have a show that's banking
on 80s nostalgia they should have had a
rubber fucking monster and you only see
it in fucking shadows when you do see it
like like like take the movie alien like
that's a really fucking awesome monster
in 79 yeah blows out of the airlock and
you can tell it's just like a guy with a
suit with a weird thing on top of his
head uh-huh you didn't notice that
because they shot it in very specific
ways because it was just a fucking guy
in a suit with a rubber thing I remember
one shot I don't even wear with fucking
episode was it's not really a spoiler
but it means you there's a shot of the
monster and range of things and you're
saying it eats it's just eating
something even know what it is and
there's a clearer well-lit shot of the
shoulder and it's like you can make out
like the details or the skin is a little
bit pulsating as it's moving and it's
like what that wouldn't have been
effective is just kind of barely sing
like a silhouette how did you see him
way too much that's no fun yeah you
can't see you can't see them and I'm
just talking about one specific shot
they're not talking about like overall
what they do i I mean angry in general
the less you see the months are the
better but you also have to escalate
things so what's what's a storyteller to
do
have more people died I wouldn't you
know how how do you there's only so long
you can have a creepy shadow monster in
general I don't think you see it that
much okay
no no I'm just talking about general
movies and no you can't have a creepy
shadow monster forever thank you go back
and look at a lot of classic monster
movies that's probably exactly what
happened until the very end
yeah yes until the last shot but I don't
honestly Jack I don't think it's
uncommon I don't think it's that
uncommon to just notch oh yeah I guess
spoilers the monster design is
uninspired I agree I agree I don't think
it's the most interesting monster in
general but I mean it's not it's not
just about the monster you have a lot of
great characters Oh God
they're very good characters and very
good performances all around
stranger things you know you know what I
was thinking you know you know what I
was thinking and the real villain is the
government anyway of course so watching
stranger things made me remember a
critic I had about ghostbusters so we're
not gonna get Ben to ghostbusters
because we said we're not gonna talk
politics tonight God but in in the
original Ghostbusters you're for
ghostbusting characters are all
different levels of intensity and tone
right you got your Egon as like the bass
you know and then and then on the other
spectrum of that you have dan Aykroyd I
forget his character's name at the
moment because I have a terrible memory
right ray nice dance this guy knows you
have Ray is like the excitable puppy dog
right and then you have Venkman
somewhere in between and then you have
and then you have Peter Venkman Egon
Winston Winston then you have you have
Winston as your everyman that kind of
brings it all together and when they're
in a scene together what you get is a
harmony right you get Egon doing his
thing down here you get this Ray doing
his thing up here you get you you get a
you get different voices all singing the
same note at different octaves come
together harmony right unlike the new
Ghostbusters where everyone was shouting
but bringing that back to stranger
things it's the same kind of scene
company composition where like do you
remember the first time the sheriff was
in Winona Ryder's house and she was
going or no it was when he was talking
to her about the phone call and he's
trying to remain very calm things are
bits and Winona Ryder is all over the
place and the other
so just putting in their little their
little notes here and there and the the
older son is there to kind of weaving in
between the scene composition between
the different levels of acting is
masterful every every actor is filling a
space if that makes sense
oh that's that's like already party talk
yeah but I like every scene it's not
like it never feels overcrowded it never
feels hectic it just feels natural we've
seen scene by scene in general are there
too many story threads it's not like
like TV shows typically a story B story
yeah there's a story B story C story D
story there's like four entirely
different movies that are all crammed in
there but I like to me because each
scene is composed so well I don't even
see it like that I just see it as like
like cinema verite just this is their
life you know you have your main thread
I guess l is the main thread right like
who is 11 I'd say it's the mystery of
will where what happened to will cross
across with 11 this is yeah there's two
main threats there's two minute there's
two main threads
that's very much the Stephen King
influence though too much shit there's a
lot but it all works and and in every
scene you get that balance so it all
flows so well so I'd like to me that
doesn't bother me I I get it and I'm up
on everybody's lives and by the way I am
playing devil's under a like stranger
things I have I have critiques of it but
overall yes I liked it quite a bit
oh yeah quite a bit I know there's
nothing wrong with critiquing things you
like yeah well not on the Internet
oh you're right you're right
I forgot that we were on the yeah syn
gate ii says hey guys you just wanted to
thank you for so many hours of laughs
both here and on our LM shows what's the
next game that you're both really
looking forward to also lol fork my
quick work my card nice
I'm skeptical over whether they're gonna
pull it off or not but I'm very curious
about no man Scott yeah I'm really
looking forward to no man skies I think
I think there's a lot of potential there
and I really hope they don't fuck it up
future future J says I work in a high
school with mentally disabled students
and one has started making a happy room
all day a sixteen-year-old that acts
like a three year old reminded me of Ric
Flair and our happy rich Evans good
because I think I I will take that as a
good thing is that a good thing just
this guy you know says am I the only one
getting a bad portal imitation vibe from
the characters in this game favorite
stranger things character I'm a little
partial to the sheriff they're all great
yeah sure is great it's those Winona
Ryder and so were the kids it's a great
I mean to me the show is all Winona
Ryder just because like I said I know
someone who is that by the way I don't I
don't know if he's done that much and
like the first three episodes but the
kid would like the kind of list the
teeth problem Jesus
toothless he's the best he has such a
fuckin level head on him right ya know
the kids work really great together the
shit I mean you know you know who I
really liked and so remember we're first
spoilers for the first three episodes I
loved that little character we got of
the diner owner just we meet him he does
his thing and he's killed off right but
like
good guy yeah he was just there to help
he's a fully fleshed out character in
that little amount of time why did he
have to die I was so pissed when he got
shot and he was a baller that's why they
did it
that's very specifically why they did it
I have more to say about that but I
don't want to get into spoilers yeah
don't get too much in this boy lose
all right um the riddle of Steel says
late again assume I miss plenty of rich
Evans jokes
oh nice or no rich your shirt is really
nice also rubber monsters are better
than CGI I mean that's true everyone
knows that rubber monsters are always
superior to CGI but but you know what
even if it's CGI keep that shit in the
shadows always keep that shit in the
shadows that's rule number one
lowly battle machine 322 rich do you
think the show is about gender issues Oh
God 11 is androgynous her arc revolves
around accepting her appearance she's
punished by going to the closet the
monsters the monsters first victims are
gay oh hey there's no gay stereotypes
there that's true we're the first
victims you got the guy in the lab I
don't know if you can oh no no the kid
well okay and you know the mom goes out
of a way to say like you know maybe the
kids picked on him because he was gay to
call them gay names okay okay and then
the the friend Barbara yeah who might
you know who definitely had like a
special relationship with Nancy and you
know had the short hair you know I'm
serious okay I've never said anything
about it but going by broad-stroke
stereotypes apparently I didn't
say the first to everyone's forgetting
about the the very opening with Eevee
the doctor and the doctor lab guy I'm
like huh do you mean how's he gay I make
a piece about this that's great well
didn't I mean the the real opening is
him sucking that guy's dick you know
what I it's like connection issues and I
ended up missing part of it so I oh I
kept thinking like what a bold way to
open your show dude give it a guy but
Shia blowjob I didn't notice
get out of my junk
yeah get out of my junk there it'll
still be cool man ya really gotta be a
dick why you gotta be a dick good being
dicks you be dick nice what's going on
in this game are you are you loving it
no no I'm not necessarily loving it it's
it's a really you know it's kind of neat
the the whole head thing I do need to
get out there but like beyond that it is
just an incredibly generic Metroid car
you know
not here are you guys shield now I mean
anything see

[Part II]
oh you got shield now I mean anything
see that yeah I got a shield I've been
getting a little upgrades here and there
I'm just more pissed because I didn't
figure out these this whole satellite
thing until recently and I've already
been tell this room's but I didn't know
I had to like do something
so yeah I guess shit
no like I don't think I like I think
happily quite happily I don't believe
the show really has like then it's going
forward it's just telling us it's it's
just your standard coming-of-age story
you know I wouldn't even call it a
coming-of-age story because a lot of the
prominent characters are middle-aged oh
sure well the writer isn't coming of age
well you know you got you got your kids
adventure you have the whole the the
older daughter kuben in love with Rick
you know discovering her limits
the theme is more like an 80s movie
that's the theme that it's fine that is
it
did I do that one
did that one when is it still there
we're like an 80s movie
you remember 80s movies was a laser
rapid-fire the whole time and I just
didn't know
I mean I'm hitting the yeah all right
I'm just a dumbass then oh no I'm out of
lazy never so there isn't it okay okay
there's like a recharge
Chris stuckman can he can do what he
wants that's fine
that one of the pricks from the
Ghostbusters review not the not the half
of the bag but the like the classic
Ghostbusters review I called these
youtubers pricks and I was joking about
it oh yeah and and editing they make but
pictures up which is something three
youtubers right and one of them is Chris
Tucker okay
apparently he unsub from rlm oh so he
was a little mad I think I've heard it
wasn't recent though it might not have
been because of that more bullshit this
is more bullshit I'm done bullshit rich
isn't feeling the bullshit tonight
people
this is not feeling the bullshit ask
jack what the controls for this game
right Jack what have the controls for
this game sloppy sloppy
I feel loose like even moving my
character it's a cup because it like
there's that little like turn animation
everything feels loose stop everything
feels a like aiming is a bit of a hassle
flying around is fun like just being
ahead that's kind of neat
Oh flying is great actually yeah but I
wish the whole game we're just floating
around as the Hulk yeah but like being a
person it's a little loose and gummy not
coming yeah it's just loose it does not
feel good did I reach i mighta jack do
you carry your 3d s around or is it
mostly at home mostly I don't sometimes
I'll bring it you know here if I think
I'm gonna stream
but you know or if I'm if I'm going on a
trip or if I know I'm going somewhere
where I'll have like 20 minutes of
downtime I'll bring my my 30s and
actually now I'll probably bring my my
Vita because I have a new game for that
I'm gonna play well with that would you
would you consider it good handheld then
what the 3ds oh well it depends on what
game I'm playing look I'm like when I
was playing steamworld heists on the 3ds
yeah I bring that with me but I mean in
general if you're if you can just shove
it your pocket and bring it whatever
wherever it's always on you does that in
some ways make it a bad handheld
absolutely the 3d s is too big just to
bring me yeah so now they're gonna make
a bigger one but by the solution this
it's and that's the same with the Vita
though the Vita is also too big and too
unwieldy just to bring with me I need to
pre-plan yeah you know the only gaming
system I have on me at all times is my
phone so
whenever we're seeing the beginning of
the end with this NX Nintendo is here
doing pretty well with this whole
Pokemon go thing did you how much does
the developer getting like and it's a
free-to-play game right yeah but they're
still the they are earning 6 million a
day what percentage does the curie i
think the developer gets the bulk of it
and then no gets it very little bit of
it because i'll really all they did was
give them the character license yeah did
you hear the funny thing about nintendo
stock what the day after pokemon go came
out it was a huge success their stock
went through yeah and then two days
later when all the investor real
investors realize nintendo didn't make
the game their stock plummeted they also
really like it's still like above where
it was initially but like it spiked up
and then came right back down once
investors realize that they didn't make
the game I think it's great damn that's
great
but hey what are you gonna do what are
you gonna do nothing so so that's the
the real question is let's say let's say
you're a person who rides the bus all
the time right public transportation all
the time you want to bring something
with you to play in the bus yeah you're
playing your phone game you're playing
your phone game maybe you have a 3ds
which is still giant maybe you have a
Vita do you want
are you comfortable bringing a laptop
computer on the bus because I think
that's how big the NX is going to be
it's going to be as big as this screen
I'm sure there's gonna be a failure as a
handheld absolutely the question is what
are they gonna discontinue the 3d s4 and
it's like the 3ds I if I had to choose a
handheld to bring with me everywhere it
would be the 3ds you know what it holds
I don't I don't understand intend oh I
don't know a lot of the things they do
just just makes me say what what the
fuck are you thinking and yet they still
have a fuckload of money well yeah it's
the weirdest thing is it all it's all
been handheld all their money their
money surpluses right
and this Alban thanks to Pokemon and
handhelds oh yeah that's where that's
where most of their money comes from so
could this be the end of that no they'll
always make Pokemon well maybe not
always I don't know they're gonna
release a flop handheld in a world where
cellphones are taking over her handheld
gaming and this is gonna be all that
that no that will end
there was an incentive actually worth
more than so many at this point that
Sony has done bad enough that's a good
quick no sony's doing pretty good i mean
in the video game field there they've
been failing everywhere I've heard that
everything else has been failing so hard
that Nintendo as a company is there
their stock value and another stock move
it's just the stock value or just in
general they're supposedly much better
off than Sonia's in general I believe
I'd absolutely believe that I would
absolutely believe that
how many years until Nintendo releases
for PC when they're on their death
throes
yeah look at this yeah I got is upgraded
so now I can headbutt another robot and
put my head on them that's funny okay
it'll be when when intento starts going
down the road Sega has gone down the Wii
the Wii U has been a pretty big flop yep
for a Nintendo yeah their handheld has
giving them a nice cushy crutch so
they've been fine here's what I'm gonna
say mmm if they have another console
flop that's when they'll start that's
when they started porting a pc how much
how much mine do they have in the bank
though they could I think they can
probably absorb another console flop but
then one try again they don't seem to
learn very well I'm not kidding I think
you give them one more console flop and
then just to get a little more extra
money in the bank they'll start putting
out stuff on TC I'm gonna say three more
console flops three more three more
console flops and about 15 years Wow
that's a
that's a lot that's right they won't go
into the handheld has gimmicks that
don't work which is right about now in
my estimation they're hurt Nintendo has
for the last twenty years twenty fifteen
years had consoles that ultimately
didn't do that long and only was doing
really good at first and lost in the end
right over yeah no I mean we did
incredible numbers every everyone owned
a weed even people who didn't care about
games on a weed we did incredible they
bought at these Wii Sports do they ever
buy any other games from winner yeah but
remember Nintendo unlike other gaming
maybe pop it on the console exactly I'm
gonna build you know you know yeah
but like the Gamecube underperformed
Gamecube underperformed I'm gonna fine
system how did the n64 fair cuz that
came out well did good at first but then
then the PlayStation like kill it
immediately or like heard it immediately
very badly they quickly supplanted
Nintendo I don't know the n64 was
anywhere near as successful as the ness
or the Super Nintendo was pretty
successful some look up the numbers
alright alright I think I think in 64
dude when I'm I'm biased because I think
every game on it was an ugly piece of
fucking shit no I have I I have I'm
trying to think what which Nintendo
consoles were flops the Gamecube was
kind of a she was kind of a flop then I
think I think the Gamecube was a mild
one come we giant huge success yep
Wii U huge flop okay cuz you know I mean
you're crossing your are you are you
fucked by it by merging the console with
a hand home are they fixing their their
troubled console market or they gonna
drag down their handholds that's a
question right that's the question
okay right and and the the real question
is are they going to ship
are they going to discontinue hand held
before the attacks well what's the
dumbest thing they could do yes then yes
they will you think hey do some things
that baffle you they do they do do some
things that baffle me ed but is Opie
we is like the avatar of video game
consoles Oh everyone wants to go see it
yeah everybody went to go see it who
said that
yeah scroll up at Miss Perfect
that was Darmok Darmok perfect analogy
ironic that somebody called dharma would
say something so easily understandable
and relatable right a lot of people will
Chad have no idea what the fuck I'm
talking about you mean the best TNG
episode ever
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra that species
deserves to die out deserve it fine
that's fine
they're like a fucking idiotic language
it's amazing they figured out how to rub
two sticks together oh it's by the way
like it's it's one of those it's one of
those alien races that once you start
applying any sort of logic to it
completely breaks apart but it's a fun
episode really fun
we you when the sales fell it's like I
love reference
I bein xizt double-0 let's put it this
way
I had a Wii U for two months and then
sold it and mice and my story is common
I'll keep it around for the No More
Heroes games actually no I can use this
in the Wii U controller and make sure to
keep a copy of your Wemo yeah yeah yeah
yeah as soon as I got the Wii U I got
what I mean by other galaxy games I had
my we up until we got the Wii U like we
just you know we'd have it around yeah
didn't play much yes Nintendo's problems
always been third party games total
missing misanthropy yeah I don't know I
got him yeah
they're little steel says sorry rich I
think I tune in too much to the like and
I'm terrible with words acerbic dickish
comedy of best of the worst a service
right right how do you say I've seen
that word I've read that word a bunch of
times but I've never heard of pronounce
I don't think then you've heard it they
were seeing it pronounced more than I
have you can't see something pronounced
then forget you're a real person with a
fiancee and Ghostbusters shirts and
stroller computer children that's right
our other child will be reborn
Tomic mousetrap says nonsense rich every
decision Nintendo makes is a good one
such as the Virtual Boy Classic
classic virtual boy beyond infinite says
a right-handed fellow named rich in
writing right always wrote right WRI T
even sometimes just RIT where he meant
to write right if he'd written right
Rick okay now I get it now I get it was
sad to explain that one and I get the
whole thing there's more of the same
right rich would not have wrought not
writing right I love you guys let me
know now that I know it was a bit and
I'm gonna do it all uninterrupted okay a
right-handed fellow named rich in
writing right always wrote right where
he meant to write right if he'd written
right rich would not have Roth not
writing right I love you guys synonyms
the net synonyms let's sound alike
that's it right no wait what spelled
differently spelled differently sound
away no that's synonyms same meaning
yeah yeah what's what is the word I'm
looking for
it's got a name yeah I can't think of
where it is because I'm gonna dumbass I
don't wanna pee no that's that's like
boom boom oh that's right how many many
Thank You Chad how many MS I'm gonna be
I'm gonna having a having a having a
Hammond Hammond Hammond I'm so happy you
were able to get through that without
fucking up rich
just this guy you know says PS to 155
million Oh Nintendo DS 154 million
that's pretty good Game Boy Color 118
million PlayStation PSX 102 million the
Wii 101 million Xbox the Xbox 360
specifically 84 million ok so it was n64
in there
not yet there deserve these are ranked
like highest to lowest - oh so what was
the highest uh ps2 which right makes
perfect sense to be hundred fifty five
million
oh sorry I didn't know these were ranks
yeah these are right here go through
again number one the ps2 155 million
yeah number two the Nintendo DS 154
million okay number three the Game Boy
Color 118 movie number four PSX 102
million 102 PSX the Wii is fifth it's
under you know a lot of hands that
Nintendo came out with two Playstations
at a hundred and one million okay then
the Xbox 360 and number six with 84
million it's pretty big drop off kind of
surprised I thought there's a more 360
well you know what as we as we get older
in the years PC started playing a part
in this consoles are dying out yeah
yes they are yeah of course there
everyone knows that you know I don't
care because I'm a PC guy but seeing it
and writing here is kind of interesting
they have six here twice probably
because they're so close but one number
is clearly higher than the other could
just be a misprint ps3 at 83 million
which I love I like the ps3 more than
the Xbox cuz the Xbox 360 was a poorly
engineered piece of crap that would
break down constantly but I'm shocked
that it's that close
PSP at number seven with 82 million
which is we know it send me the PSP sold
more than
the Nintendo 64 that is now we need to
double check all gays yeah
number eight Game Boy Advance 81 million
see I can't believe that Game Boy
Advance under the PSP and this is just
how many were produced and not sold but
a warehouse out there full of PSPs it's
the only way that makes sense to me
number nine the any acid 61 million
number 10 3d s 59 million so you got a
big drop-off there with the handhelds
don't ya
yes 154 million the 3ds 59 it's almost
it's difference of a hundred million I
think people still haven't via their DSS
I think they made the DST so are they
still making games for them and if
they're not then doesn't matter if
they're still using the D s they're not
buying the new shit and then does make
it right which is a company's going to
hurt them then snez 49 million ps4 40
million n64 32 million Wii U 13 million
I don't see Xbox one even listed on here
it's on 12/12/12
what did the Xbox one assault chap I'm
very curious to hear that now ps4 forty
million I mean that's a lot lower the
ps3 but what is it about like two thirds
through its life when I'm talking
already talking about new ones already
there they're brand new yeah Darmok
skilling it tonight yeah
Darmok says 12 units 12 individual units
on the Xbox one that's what he said oh
that was my joke I thought you meant 12
million because the the the Wii U was 13
million
I don't know you I don't know you mented
that yeah we know then it's my fault for
doing council's are dying consoles might
be dead already rich
I can't even say they're being replaced
with the PC they're being replaced with
cell phones everything's gonna be an
annoying fucking punch game from here on
out
welcome to the dark dystopian future of
gaming everybody everyone having a great
time now Jack I'm sorry for not touching
on what you were pitching I'm sorry so I
whipped is what happened
no I didn't I did a bad job of telling
the joke you know gender not present
oh I guess
okay um where we have the off switch
says I've paid for a car enough time
four times now as long as they have as
long as they have ways to push their
classic games then they will likely
never go bust it's also until those
nostalgia junkie eighty kids died at
least hey we're gonna older matter time
matter of time obviously we won't live
to see it because you know by the very
nature of that we'll be dead right
eighties kid can't live off see the 80s
kids die off fisted but dope smoke says
my dad loves the Wii U because he can
play football on the toilet PC
master-race I just packed a bowl from
cleaning out my keyboard tray lol fuck
my cock congratulations I mean first of
all you're a really messy weed user yeah
or like was packing a ball your reward
for cleaning out your keyboard tray or
in packing previous there's two options
here it's just dusty and he dusted it
and he did a little work and as a treat
now I'm gonna have some marijuana smoke
or maybe maybe his keyboard was filled
with like some kind of like dust or
residue from laxatives and the bowl he
filled was his toilet there are three
options there are three options okay
you know going back to 80s kids dying
yeah doesn't stranger things make you
feel old isn't it really good at making
you feel no I don't know look at when
they use like this giant kind of
wall-mounted phones yeah everything and
Winona Ryder alone you're he's very
remember beetlejuice I do when she was
she was barely in adults ah she was
playing a teenage kid right and now now
here she is playing a middle-aged mom of
a teenager I I guess I don't see the
problem with it people get older it's
not a problem it just makes me feel it
it makes me feel my age there's a puzzle
here there's a puzzle here I don't
necessarily know what to do about it
did you try every different type of body
another different type of yeah so like
this is a gender bathroom later this is
a girl bathroom mm-hmm right
and so all these are girl bodies but he
like this one has a skirt yep I go here
gender networking list but then you can
make a head pop out of this head thing
yeah but I can't I can just pick it up
you know like you just go over there
with the head this is what happens just
a guy's body
tried just bringing the heads what
happens right
because it gives you a head oh I thought
it did that someone said you took the
male head if you tried that earlier Oh
oopsie
humph jay baer says would you guys ever
do a stranger things boiler stream yes
yes jack is not seated yet we probably
we most likely her no we will first like
it that's just it we're going to do a
stranger pass stranger little stranger
things spoilers stream I just need to
finish watching it yep and you know it's
only been out what a couple weeks so
probably by this by next week Wednesday
I will have seen it all I mean how many
apples are there eight eight okay
so by this time next week I will have
seen them all so next week Wednesday
we'll give you guys a full week to watch
all of stranger things
cool any thoughts on kung fury or turbo
kit I like turbo kid too haven't seen
kung fury I know Jay seen both he wasn't
that fond of kung fury but he loves the
shit out of turbo kid turbo kicks grain
yeah
turbo kid is amazing turbo kid is
amazing I've seen kung fury and what's
the complaint cuz I haven't seen it it
lacks any sort of subtlety and that's
kind of a chick like for example you
know so it stars a cop who's so good at
kung fu that that's his super powers
it's all shot on green-screen so it's a
very flat action and then it's just like
hyper it's so like hyper crazy that it's
gotta be funny right like the bad guy
Punk's put a skateboard under a cop car
and then like kick the skateboard and
the cop card like goes into the air and
does a bunch of flips and then they
shoot it with like a TS million machine
guns and it blows up it's just over the
top it's so over the top that the joke
wears thin really fast it's not like Oh
moshing to anything crazy it's just
crazy
okay so I can't speak I'm on here have
you seen it so much but I dunno any one
of the chat if you haven't seen turbo
kid turbo kid is great okay it's great
Lord Beaumont says the 1980s seem like
new 19th seem like the new 1950s for
nostalgia you're not old rich you're
only in your 30s
that's cringy when young people say they
are old especially teenagers I'm on my
fucking blade there I'm getting there
I'm getting there
now it's old
you're only as old as you feel and I
feel very old so I'm about 80 there you
go
I'd say no mentally I'm like I'm 67
mentally mentally here 67 yep
I like it
oh not fast enough I get it I just got
on
that's an oddly specific mental age
that's why I chose it like 5 or 0 it's a
bit too on the nose too
but when you when you get me to say 67 I
think it's funnier because it's because
it's specific because that's truth to it
because it makes it think that you've
been thinking yeah yeah it makes it it
makes it seem like you've been thinking
about it
turtle the wise says yeah real question
real question
Oh possibly a buddy had his wife abscond
with their kid moved to another state is
filing for separation and won't talk to
him should I inform him that that is
technically kidnapping or shut up that
sucks you know what it kind of depends
on what he wants to do with it you know
if he if he wants to get if he wants to
get a shit bag yeah then inform them
hey yes it sounds like a messy situation
yeah you can tell him that's technically
kidnapping but is it I don't I don't
know
at what point is it kidnapping yeah I
mean you know you you it's it's you need
parental both parents though yeah but
one you know you should be able to see
his kids abused if he is still the
parent he should be and it's not it
hasn't been like legally I know that is
legally like criminal yet until the
court says no you have to have
visitations then at that point well are
they divorced this is sound like this
what is it
doesn't sound like it's official yet
right it's filing for separation oh yeah
then he can still see it yes the answer
to that question is consult your
attorney space Jack 2084 that is the
proper answer to the question that's why
they make shitload of money
yep come over here for some reason
little Archon rich and Jack you guys are
given a certificate to eat at any
restaurant that you want and can bring
anyone with you where would you go eat
it'd have to be a fucking expensive
fucking restaurant but I'm a simple man
I just want to go to el fuego get their
fucking shimmy Chagas look a whole gang
can come with
I mean el Fuegos great if I goes a fine
Mexican restaurant there's no expensive
food that I want one there are better
Mexican restaurants in the Oh el fuego
is it's like those fucking great it's
fine it's fucking great you have maybe
has not really fucking maybe you've
never had like good Mexican food el
fuego is fine but you know you could go
to Moe's downtown and have one of their
like 25 year aged steak tenderloin
pieces that will people that will melt
like butter like you get it cooked just
rare enough and your knife you just
place your knife on it and it'll melt
like butter it's steak that won't kill
you so good
does anyone you hate own a restaurant
anyone I hate yeah
oh maybe why actually a certificate to
eat at any restaurant so I'm assuming
you know we don't have to pay and you
can bring anyone right we pick person
who we hate we go to their restaurant
the most expensive thing on the menu and
we invite everybody in the chat oh now
we're talking I'm on it I'm on the
trolley now mm-hmm
I like it I'm down I do know someone
owns a restaurant that I don't like
which is learned too much from that
revenge video French is always on my
mind always I've not I've not seen The
Killing Joke yet isn't available online
I assume I don't know if it's available
to rent online I wouldn't see it unless
it was very low rent everyone tells me
it's fucking terrible that's all I've
heard all I've heard is terrible
terrible things does mark hamill do a
good job in the scenes he has to do a
good job
yeah I did that but I did that look I'd
like not to pirate him Oh
caboose is what he's saying sorry I it
sounded like he was saying you can make
it through there if you boost but he was
saying caboose very different seven of
Borgnine says rich and Jack yes
I just watched day of the dead for the
first time and it was great and quite
gory what was the last movie that
disturbed you either viscerally or
mentally it's all order I know there's
been something that's disturbed me my
brain my brains not working I have been
disturbed by movies before actually way
back in the day when I was a kid yeah
just plain old Night of the Living Dead
freaked me out no I'm dead serious it's
not a joke
then movie scared the SH ugh the concept
scared the shit out of me really
yes nowhere nowhere to to fucking run
Jack you're you're left with boring
yourself in a house which is siege
warfare and eventually either you're
gonna starve to death or those zombies
and those like creepy walking corpses
yeah most disturbing thing in the world
to me
they are the George Romero zombies are
like the perfect embodiment of death and
eventually they're gonna break down your
door and they're gonna slowly eat you
alive
it's horrible and you can't run because
they're everywhere you are fucked
you know George Romero zombie movies
true that's true that's absolutely true
rich know that the perfect embodiment of
death Romero zombie yeah they're great
they're inevitable they're everywhere
you can't run from them you can delay
them for a time but eventually they will
get you and you will be one of them you
will be dead it's perfect it's perfect I
agree
favorite of the Romero trilogy
why are you coding you cutting the
remake because he did that too didn't he
also do the remake Romero and he have
somebody else directed form what night
oolitic done there was a remake in the
eighties oh yeah I think he did that one
I remember that not being bad I'd have
to rewatch that dawn is really fucking
good though hum Savini directed the rear
leg ok ok that makes sense 91 ok yeah
for my exposure to those those zombie
movies when I was a kid I want to say
months to a year I couldn't go to bed
without making sure not only that my
door was locked but that the all the
doors and the house were locked and also
the windows that's that's powerful
intellectually I knew it was just a
movie but emotionally I couldn't deal
with it sure
new news
I have no interest in streaming vampires
The Masquerade anything a bunch of bunch
of whiney emo shit I'm great
got the emo too serious crap sounds like
a great game
fuck and rice and everything she stands
for you know she was like zombie porn
and now she's a Christian author like
her first books were like
the true and then the two zombie dudes
who had totally six-packs just hugged
each other and made out for a little bit
yeah now she's like a Christian author
and now and now the sexy the sexy
vampires they took the lady unwillingly
yeah she's crazy
Damien oh she's crazy she's not
Christian ting anymore
Oh a sheen huntin she was for a while
though I'm a member that I'm a member
when she was all christening
and I was younger I thought I liked
vampires because I was really fond of
moving near dirt okay that was a great
take on vampires was until I got older
and I realized that the popular vision
of vampires that kind of got the
nonsense that I completely lost interest
you ever watched a dark near dark no
that's great that's great
he gets bitten they make him a vampire
but they're kind of like AAB they're not
really like romantic vampires they're
just kind of like drifters almost nomads
and he doesn't want to kill people I've
heard of this I've heard of near dark
the others you know they've been doing
it so long they don't give a shit
anymore he doesn't want to he doesn't
want to kill someone your dark is great
oh okay I've heard of this before I
think the ending is terrible not
everything until you he's cured by a
blood transfusion don't fucking spoil it
because it's so it's so goddamn stupid
I'm gonna spoil it
Wow yeah
are the lost boys even know I would lump
that in like the same that's the same
watch that around the time I sudden your
jar for the first time that's what I
thought I'd like vampires
Oh Lost Boys is great your dark is great
vampires a cool interview with a vampire
Oh Frank Fright Night get Fright Night
and Lost Boys and near dart and then
Android is that all any race came in and
it all went to fuckin home and then oh
and then the boys the boys they looked
and they were handsome the boys were so
handsome
sorry Jensen's I kind of want to play
into crumpled us with Jack again ah I'm
okay with that
how close were you to winning the whole
fucking game I haven't play in that for
him he made it really far we made it
very far I have no idea how close we
were but we made it
I feel like we made a good long way does
rich mean Stephanie Meyer no no she
didn't help which one I see the Twilight
she didn't help pump chamber says the
bug scene in Peter Jackson's King Kong
is quite disturbing the hopelessness as
they get overwhelmed and the lack of
some freaked me out in the cinema you
know what's gonna happen it's gonna be
tomorrow afternoon and I'm gonna think
of something and a movie that really
disturbed me I'm like oh god damn it why
didn't I think of that then it's gonna
happen
yeah and it's just how you know you see
so many it's hard for me to put a finger
on any one particular thing that really
disturbed me sure there's a ton of stuff
at the time Jack what font are we using
for the stream graphics probably
Helvetica new Helvetica new in the black
configuration which is very thick chunky
but I that's just a fun that I use often
because it's clean and easy to read but
I have no idea if that's actually
and it's just a font i use i know you
guys complain about the font and so like
originally i was using a different font
and I got to do one cuz you guys didn't
like that one
so that's my story have f56 seen from
the blob riemeck I don't specifically
remember that particular scene the blob
is another horrifying concept oh yeah
maybe I should rephrase the question
says young bubbles young when bubbies
since you guys are hack frauds how much
of a tip do you require to stream
vampire the masquerade bloodlines I'm
not interested in the game uh-huh
it's it's not an extortion thing I'm not
simply not interested
I've never been much of a role-playing
game guy and I find vampires obnoxious
I think that's fair it's Farage wouldn't
it
would you do it for 1,000 I would do it
for 2,000 cuz I have to split that shit
with Jack
tell Noah it's fine
what if I don't want to do it either I'm
gonna pull Rico and then once they
donate the mm one of these one at this
time it is not right to play vampire the
masquerade
crazy right you're bringing up just be a
being crazy town don't say one more
thing but well Matt we're not gonna
discuss it
oh god we're not gonna discuss this I'm
just gonna bring this up captain a pic
of saying the official Ghostbusters
Twitter account just endorsed Hillary
Clinton because that situation wasn't
unnecessarily political enough you know
what that's fair yeah that's true yeah I
guess here's the thing is anyone
surprised by this no did they need to do
that now you know that's that's just one
of those things where it's like if if
the individual actresses producers
directors wanted to do that like that's
where you do it if I make any like I
made a political joke this morning on
Twitter and you know what I did it on my
Twitter account I wouldn't do it on
previously recorded Twitter account you
know that's I don't bring I try not to
bring that shit in here but if like the
actresses want to do
so when we gonna do
but yeah that's funny I agree that's
funny
so how is the game yeah yeah that's how
I felt when I was flying why should why
I kind of threw the controller to you
and didn't really look back do you want
to switch for a while are you boy are
you bored I mean oh I mean I'm bored but
I can do it in talk and yeah are you are
you bored enough to want to just put
something else and we'll see what we can
do alright you know what like this is a
game that I can play and talk at the
same time okay if you want to play and
talk at the same time you you seem to
have a little I don't want to be unfair
to you that's what I'm saying oh no no
it's fine
where do I go what are we and that
that's sad when you're offering to play
the game it'd be nice well you don't
have to play this game you can play no
you can play no please you play it you
know please you need to play this like
oh yeah yeah yeah I mean it's just not
it's it's there's nothing terribly
engaging about the game this game is
actually clever and funny if you were
paying attention sure I'm not shocked
because Tim Schafer is clever and funny
yeah once again once you divorce story
from the game what do you got you got
it's starting to make up for a lot maybe
a dozen this case good good
it could you know I don't care how
adorable the story is those is kinda
boring yeah playing it without paying
attention to the story I was kinda like
yeah yeah but I know I don't doubt
there's a lot of clever shit going on
oh sure so Tim Schafer is good at that I
know everyone hates him now because
politics but man did brutal legend which
I like I think it's flawed I think it's
not finished I think there's a third of
a brutal legend that that needs to be
made it never was made huh yeah I'd I
never played for the legend cuz you know
it's a real-time strategy game it's
missing a third act and
I'm not just story-wise gonna mean like
a large chunk of the game this tutorial
on the by the time he started actually
using the mechanics it's over oh it's a
single-player experience yeah oh he also
made a beforehand I go to wish clever
funny yeah you know what even even I
forgot the name of it the Double Fine
adventure game whatever the whatever the
fuckin skull it was cute you know I
didn't like it you buy those cute what
does that game called good punch the
Double Fine adventure game oh uh oh god
oh my god don't look I'm not looking at
the chapter I'm not looking at the chat
oh my god between gone home no wasn't
gone home that's something else it was -
don't let go chat so exam broken age
whoa Jesus
right Jesus by the way that is exactly
how memorable that game was fuck man
well yeah was what it said it was gonna
be I can't fault him for that
I'm still waiting very soon I'm gonna
get the because I was a backer for that
very soon I'm going to get the the DVD
of all the behind-the-scenes stuff which
is which was worth like I got to watch
most of it already anyway but that was
worth backing him along the story of
them making that game was way better
than the game kind of like kind of Girl
Interrupted when that DVD is worth it
for the making home you know I'd feel
bad if we just sold the movie nonnamous
says you guys be at pony con New York
City next year no unequivocally no the
right word
definitely no fuck no
yes I'm silly y'all a bunch of sillies
what happened during the making gorillas
interrupting for anybody who doesn't
know you a couple years ago a few years
ago we released him
we sold the DVD in the movie we made
that when we were like college age
well well before rlm was a thing it was
one of the one of the first things that
me Mike and Jay kind of collaborated on
and basically it was a feature-length
film that we made in literally a week
literally a week and you know obviously
the end result is terrible because we
made it in a week but when we when we
released the DVD of it we also made a
huge documentary called how not to make
a movie yes and I think that's
interesting stuff but yeah that's a fun
watch that's fun watch I'm not to make a
movie I have gotten myself
we have not had a vote on the layout no
because everyone seems to be cool with
it no no no I haven't heard a lot of
haven't heard a lot of talking about it
never heard I haven't everywhere like if
we're gonna do a vote on it there's got
to be three options right uh-huh like it
hate it or it doesn't matter either way
that's that's my okay right okay because
I have a feeling that a large majority
of the people are really just gonna say
I don't really care what about needs
work you've got a fourth one event rules
were Lord
sound of barb 9 says rich you were right
and Jay was wrong about max having a
change of heart and road warrior he only
goes back to town because he had no
choice he is a badass but isn't that an
altruistic person yes fully agree road
warrior is not about Redemption they're
not there yet you know you don't get
that until til fury road I mean and mom
Beyond Thunderdome if you hate Beyond
Thunderdome they also kind of did it and
fury road you just replace that movie
then you have a whole character earned
for max
yeah they're putting the straw poll on
today what it's the straw poll gonna let
him put it up put up okay it's let you
know what's happened let them do it
let him do what they're gonna do rich
you let him do what they're gonna do
they're gonna put it up and put it up
you guys have favorite film scores
I've favorite game scores do you have
any favorite film scores it's not
necessarily memorable on its own but
it's highly effective as a score the
Ghostbusters score not the theme song
the score the Elmer Bernstein score does
not get anywhere near enough love
interesting yeah it evokes a classic
comedy without while still being a
little bit a little bit creepy but not
not really creepy in places Ghostbusters
score doesn't draw attention to itself
it's just perfect for the film anything
by John Carpenter the man knows how to
do an effective score
Jax you have any thoughts on that foam
scores no no that's fine that's fine
that's fine you don't have to good good
you know we're you know I'm just gonna
say like Jurassic Park you know where
it's like that's that's an easy one well
nothing that I can really think of what
rlm continue rich every to you or Mike
retired I think he could throw J in
there too Jackie will go on without jack
I think that's safe to say
it does go on top three three three rec
would not know listen I'm here like like
a quarter of the time I think it would
go on without me it wouldn't go on yeah
it would limp on yeah yeah I'm not sure
how well we do without Michael J though
basically we're the expendable ones I'm
the expendable one I like it would it
would like like I said without you it
would limp on I don't know how far
they'd make it without you
yes I am the mascot that's why it would
be able to go on without me without our
LM rich would be a worse experience
thank you they said about love you think
you would be like without me I would be
a lesser yeah rich is a funnier
character than we've had before I've
never never heard that one oh my god
that's new material oh god we had these
things going on Chad the clever
creativity I'm always amazed by the
creativity of her fan base Jesus Christ
our comments sections are so depressing
careful you guys you're gonna pull a
muscle with all this sarcasm
what we go out of a way to put out you
know clever original shit and in the
comment section just repeat things we
said five years ago it's great it's
great I love it
it's good to show contempt for your
audience I still love you guys but
seriously you got to get new material
and now what's going on in the chat is
it's really predictable the same memes
yeah I want you to shack me there it is
yeah I'm surprised that one stuck around
yeah not saying anything negative about
it just yeah
just surprised
we're usually surprised
we usually surprised by white stakes
like I don't think anyone expected
what's what's wrong with your face
to catch on right yeah that's a there's
there's usually some wine that we didn't
think would hit big that is like
repeated well I think that's what
surprised me most about juicy check me
where it's like that was you got you
know Mike was trying to do something
like I thought plate was the funniest
fuckin thing in the world
plate for best of the worst episode
where the is this this post-apocalyptic
gang they capture this girl and they tie
her up yeah
and they read Shakespeare to her they
forced her to read Shakespeare and I
said oh no she's been plated oh yeah
everyone in the room I guess it wasn't I
guess you weren't there that everyone in
the room
thought it was the funniest fucking
thing in the world including me and I
said in that's really kind of pathetic
and it never really been quoted never
really been caught it was in the episode
you know my old reaction
you hear that everyone you want to make
riches they make play papen yeah it's
fine like forgot what the movie was but
somebody said something that sounded
like dr. mayonnaise the characters like
his name is dr. mayonnaise yeah I
thought that was hysterical
I a hint but somebody should change
their username dr. mayonnaise and you
know that whatever so came out nobody
cared about that one nobody fucking
cared about that line so a lot of the
times it's not the Lions we think yeah
we're gonna land that land that's true
you're speaking truth rich
yes I'm fond of SCO's to myself this is
the chick that goes to spine
oh we got here I don't know I don't know
right you don't whatever you're done you
can be done okay
Kirkland says hey rich
just finished watching stranger things
just a quick just a quick tip do they Q
and J for pushing me into it I probably
would have not seen it without a glowing
recommendation from you guys you're
welcome why do you join it
fuck ya nonnamous is rich rich you are -
r LM what the Fonzie is - happy days
that's true
Fuzzy's way too cool I know I think you
see yourself as a mascot but you're this
beat your spirit animal I am more like
what Kramer was the Seinfeld I think
that's an honest assessment I don't know
about that potato potato
Fonzie Fonzie and Kramer potato potato
Ridge that's what I'm saying
I'm so fucking done with this game okay
we're done with this game okay great I'm
bored I'm bored I'm bored
you had to their lips and you have to
find locks or whatever I'm done okay
that's that's fine by me Jacky's Poochie
yeah probably piu Poochie
yeah probably calling it a night yeah
yeah sorry Chan I don't have any um I
don't have any room for steam friends
I'm sorry but if I make some room I will
look for your name when I make some
reminders anymore work hard I'll go
through and call my friend list like you
did about which calling my steam
friendless oh I'll go see who hasn't
been on in like you know a year yeah
start making some guts yeah I did that
and apparently one of the ones like cold
wasn't one that had abandoned steam I
sometimes they have like no information
I just assumed that meant they hadn't
been on for a really long time that
might just be I guess when you have like
information blog or something I don't
know but I called somebody and like like
10 minutes later I got a chat thing why
did you drop me as a friend like oh I'm
sorry I don't know I've been just
calling people Beefcake says according
to the straw poll it's mad don't care
mad don't care madam okay that's great
that's what I figured it would be this
is the only something that I felt
strongly about they they say mad okay
great great
rich add me on Facebook nope people
tried and I'm not being rude but uh
Facebook I strictly used to keep in
touch with with family closer and
friends yeah yeah absolutely you got a
hat you got to have your cut-offs like
I've you know like people I went to high
school with yeah I kind of do them in
high school and then I even stopped
doing that because I just don't give a
fuck what they're doing oh my god I'm
saying I'm sick of seeing posts from
this jerk I haven't talked to in 20
years I'll get a shovel their daughter
yeah that's the real thing it's like if
I cared about you and I'd still be
hanging out with you see I still see
people from high school but like those
are my friends yeah that's why I don't
give a shit about my high school reunion
yeah anybody anybody in high school if
you're in high school and I'm something
most four users aren't I'm men even sure
what the demographics are anymore it's
fine but they're like us the people
you're really truly good friends with
you're gonna keep in touch with them oh
yeah you don't need you don't need to
know face face books no snapchats you
don't need to know no no nothing what if
I if I accept that everyone is my
facebook friend like like it post by my
dad that I might want to read we'll get
buried under 490 other people's posts
there if I let everybody in that would
be madness madness I will look into that
people people thank you all right you
start reading names what's going on oh
sure
what oh oh you looking for some our
prereq level looks a little you oh I'm
pointing to it but you see they think
our prereq logo looks a little jagged II
and I tried to fix that but it's just
the way that the the stroke works in
Photoshop and so they were giving me
some hints to get rid of the jail
oh okay but it's mostly fine
sure let's see what we have here we have
space Allen super cocaine who says is
this the Highlander in space no no no
this is not Oh cuz their heads are
getting removed they get it oh I didn't
get that yeah I get it
so yeah yes it is pizza tray at 11:00 18
months in a row the off switch ex Mensa
25 months in a row and I'm assuming they
sub girlier in the stream because it's
near the top of the list yeah yeah we
only just recently talked about Fonzie
right yeah this communist a some psychic
shit going on there expensive or expense
it really is x-men so he left menses
because he was too smart for med saw and
he knew we were going to be talking
about happy days yeah he or she I got
whatever loner are Chung 23 fucking
months in a row and loners and says look
up space bass df9 and see why we
distrust double five I get it I know I
know
no and you know what this was an
acceptable game I just didn't think it
was like that's all it was I know they
face base weight we know about the drama
boy space beans I know about the drama's
of space space I also know a lot of the
hates he gets is because of some kind of
sjw thing I think I think so
Jesus Christ that labels and I don't
know why what I want to get into shit
like that we're not getting into it yeah
yeah not getting into it he sees funny I
still think he's funny he we in this one
we flew a rocket ship that looked like a
wiener in balls that was great well
there might be clever dialogue and shit
that I didn't hear because we weren't
paying any attention to that
to be fair no nothing no no to be fair
but we had it we knew we were being kind
of bored by the game though I think
that's also fair yeah
Swedish a I
Lando was taken 22 fucking months in a
row Misner 119 months in a row I can't
think of anything to put here so I'll
just leave it blank
that's probably for sokka's suckas six
six six six four twenty six six six six
six fucking months in a row Satanist Abe
a Michele 87 23 fucking months in a row
she says 23 months goes by so fast so
fast so fast The Great Escape Artist
welcome
hello gorath that's an interesting name
hello gorath I like it
maybe it's HAP log Oh Rath like a log
that's that's hateful a log of Wrath a
log Oh wrath their first name is HAP
drummer film guy welcome the Ox from
Arizona and welcome to you too veggies
64 who says I open the stream and first
thing I hear is about dick sucking this
is why I subscribe reminder what your
stranger things
that's bizarrely that's what what
inspired that oh yeah listen next
Wednesday is the stranger things super
spoiler discussion so watch it by next
Wednesday you have been warned I'm
curious if anybody who watches our
streams is not an 80s kid if you're
older if you're a younger person I'm
very curious what you would have to say
about stranger things once you take the
nostalgia factor out of strangers
feelings like if you are what is the
reaction if you are a twenty-something
yeah what is your reaction to stranger
things
very curious about that pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom where we
have I don't know be an infinite yeah
okay you were beyond infinite I just got
on and yes Jack referred to oral sex I'm
glad you guys like that I think are they
seeing those comments
no how do they oh yeah these show up in
Jenny show up in the chat okay okay yeah
smiling strange 23 fucking months in a
row thank you visceral attacks on stairs
nice
Herod Tatsu or just hair Tatsu 18 months
in a row professor physics 20 fucking
months in a row and professor physics
says fuck me baby Jesus you you put some
effort into that word fuck just lends
itself it does effort hunchback jack 14
months in a row and hunchback jack says
it's 98 in dog months usually name 21
fucking months in a row Caesarion bert
15 months in a row and jolly nihilist
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do thank you
everybody thanks for coming out you know
even though we might have been a little
tired you've got some strange of things
and more importantly
