May 11, 2016
Fistful of Gun, Ultimate Chicken Horse
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/74996603
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/74982732
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VYygLshEzM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk7cJtGY1Po
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/730487230674800640

[Part I]
is dinner buddy how's it going how's
that doing she's doing good that's good
is everybody doing great presuming a lot
of those for zooming you're doing good
may have 170 shitty day you know yeah
sure sure
truth be known I have no idea yep i
truth be known I have no idea what
Fistful of gun is I believe someone
gifted it to me I don't necessarily
remember but I'm gonna play it because
y-you know we're we we were shooting
today as most of you who follow us on
Twitter know and it's been a long day we
wanted to play something a little
mindless this looks very mindless and I
wanted to play a new game I you know at
first we were gonna play enter the
gungeon yep we played it you got a weird
obsession boy we can't play anything
twice and I like a jackpot you're just
wrong if it's entertaining it doesn't
matter how many times we play something
yeah I know listen I don't disagree with
you I push one direction uh-huh I push
for the the new and a new push bag yeah
and then whoever has the most conviction
wins I had the most conviction today so
we're playing something new and you know
what if I get bored of this we're
playing into the gungeon
okay is what's happening we'll see how
crap this is yeah we just posted the
down-well stream today I think on the
youtubes what is YouTube's what about
the youtubes what about them if someone
was just asking us out of Twitter
yesterday whether or not we played down
well ah I said not only have we played
it it's coming up on YouTube soon we
really liked down well I'm really
excited actually down well is coming to
the Vita yep and it's just like oh
that's a perfect handout I haven't I've
been busy with other things but I've
really played it much since that night
couple times I remember really enjoying
it yeah and like I really I wanna that's
gonna be my new go-to bathroom
couple minutes in the bathroom play a
little down well come in my new go-to
bathroom I know I need to get a lot
better at it no I haven't played in the
afterbirth yet I know after birth just
came to ps4 it did not come to Vita
after birth is not on the Vita but what
else weird it is well it's a large
complicated download and they have not
optimized it for a handheld yet so large
complicated download for a 2d pixel game
yeah that's insane and it's it's a ten
dollar DLC after birth okay I'm looking
forward to it I plan on getting it for
the ps4 but I just haven't gotten it yep
down well is $10 DLC huh yeah do you
know a lot of it yeah on more with the
Vita is dead I understand that I still
love it I love it but I know it's dead
if that means anything
jacket was dead before it came out it
was dead before I got it yes and on it
like honestly I got it only because
that's what Isaac was coming to mm-hm
and I have not regretted it because it's
been my Isaac machine if it ever comes
out because I know Isaac is on the Wii U
if I ever hear that Isaac is coming to
the DA well and I guess that doesn't
really matter because I'm done with
Isaac but like now a risk of marine is
on it oh yeah a little risk of rain on
my veto are you are you not even gonna
hundred and ten percent Isaac yeah I
don't know Dead Eye
there's too much extra stuff now and I'm
a little over and I have so many hours
into it so many fucking hours and Isaac
it's it's it will forever be one of my
favorite games I'm sorry it's okay no I
mean it's just done you know I'm just
over and you know that's fine
exactly there are plenty of fun Vita
games just not a whole lot of exclusives
and that's okay to me because I like
mobile gaming as they're playing while
we jibber i it's being a mobile gaming
mobile gaming I recently got a 3ds yes I
know that about you wait we kind of we
kind of scrapped the idea we did we're
gonna do or just like a retrospective on
Zelda
okarin off time ocarina I'm gonna call
it o karna because I don't give no fucks
we were gonna do another one of those
most overrated games ever most overrated
ever and I just want to be clarify
something before we go in overrated does
not mean bad that's true
it means it's held in higher esteem than
one would think it deserves yes like
going one when we're talking about doing
this in my mind Oh Cara Nome because I'm
gonna keep calling a Karen I don't give
no fucks like everyone thinks it's a 10
it's a 10 and I'm like 7.9 Laurie no but
this is event I just want a clear end it
doesn't mean I think it's horrible not
that the internet cares but I was
playing the 3ds version and you know
what I like the bar and I remember
liking ocarina of time I still think the
overworld is fucking awful just fucking
awful what do you what that's gonna Jack
just stood up and he started looking
around I think somebody said is his code
word and his his mentor Ian candidate
programming took over I have been
activating its
you know what it's a lot better and a
lot worse than I remember Ritchie wanted
to scrap the idea because because not
much to complain about it's a really
good game yeah
and I you know replaying it the only
major problem I have for one the
original Nintendo 64 version
like ass because everything on the
Nintendo 64 looks like blurry ass and
you know the 3d yes there's a lot of
those problems up really does it looks
great on that big screen well I wish it
was at an actual big screen
yes yeah so you know sure and then you
know I still can't stand the overworld
the large empty field and then those
three like hallways two towns that are
right next to each other actually only
ones a hallway just like everything is
on that gigantic Hyrule Fields it
clustered on one side of the map and
then everything else is just a fucking
wasteland you know and I I I'm not
holding off I I think we can do it I
agree like you know the question is do
we have enough it's a talk and we didn't
we didn't I still think like the big
world annoys me because you do move
really slow but at the same time it
really strengthens that whole like going
on an adventure feeling because this is
trying field and a castle in the
distance and a mountain in the distance
and you push this little alpha K put
some things in your giant field that's
not just an empty plane to trees and at
night at night you got the skeletons
remember this is a 20 year old game also
but Duke to compare and contrast yeah I
wanted to play some of the other 3d
Zelda games yeah and you know figure I
gotta get up with you now I may as well
I might as well track down like the HD
versions and I'm I want to buy the the
Wind Waker HD Edition and I don't know
if you can get that as a download but I
want this cuz I don't trust downloads
that I don't have control over and I go
to Game Stop and you know that are
happening new and I figure I know it's
been out your - well over a year at
least at least that makes some amount of
sense but they had it used you know the
use of price at Game Stop was what 59.99
yeah no the new prices what $59.99
when when the fuck did Game Stop become
fully evil I've always been a little bit
evil but used for new price that's a
fucking joke that is crazy that is
absolutely crazy I to me though it's
it's all about like there's no way I can
talk to these people you know it's all
about supply and demand
and I do think that it's kind of great
that the demand for wind waker HD is
still so high that they can charge full
price for it you know but their pricing
scheme it's just fucking it's ridiculous
and you know I was there I was also
picking up Bob I like a case ahead like
I like a grip basically a grip for the
3ds because that thing is not ergo
nautically designed sure you know and is
horrible to hold so I had to buy a
special grip for the fucking because I'm
waiting in line there are ten people in
the fucking line and one employee behind
the counter and I know I know it's not
her fucking fault because she's got to
run through the the hard sell checklist
for every fucking customer that was you
know you waiting around in line for
fucking half an hour yeah that's crazy
that's a horrible place to shop at this
point I don't know why you wouldn't just
go to fucking Target or Walmart to buy
something if you need it immediately
otherwise you know Amazon you get a
fucking much better price I'm sure
oh well or yeah a beta get it used for a
decent price someone has like decent of
feedback Amazon even Amazon you can get
used know there's probably for an actual
used price there's no good reason to go
to gamestop unless you need it right now
and none of the major chains have it but
target has a decent game collection Toys
R Us has a decent game collection all
that all that stuff there's like a long
line though people who are just waiting
and just taking her time with every
customer you gotta buy this one this
play know what do you think about this
and I gotta say this doing you want a
warranty and what do you did you want a
warranty they sell extended warranties
oh I have no idea what's going on I'm
gonna I'm gonna be really honest with
anyone who's uh who's asking I believe
this is a bullet held twin-stick shooter
this is this is why I don't like playing
games for the very first time ha stream
because shit like this happens and what
the fuck is going on I don't know what
I'm doing I don't know of the game is
garbage or not basically I just want to
let you know that I'm gonna keep talking
but anyone who wants to know what's
happening in the game you're not gonna
find out okay you know I just want to
keep expectations normal you know I like
I like going to game stuff only because
we buy games for the show physical disks
that I can then return to buy other
games for the show oh you know and you
know I got my rewards card so I'm like
you know get certain stuff or whatever I
think I might use twice a year because
99% of the shit I get is on Steam yeah
absolutely
yes hey Jack can us rich his favorite
Sun and Moon starter what what the fuck
is that what do you think rich I would
guess something Pokemon yeah they know
they they showed pictures of the new
Pokemon starters for Pokemon Sun and
Moon and released the first trailer mhm
would show the starters there is an
adorable owl is this some kind of brand
new all new it's a it's an all new one
it's not an HD remake or any bullshit
like that it is a brand new the new
Pokemon you get an adorable owl uh-huh
who is a grass and flying type which
like of course you're gonna choose that
because grass and flying type would be
double effective against ground so
like duh or you know grass is effective
against ground and if you're flying
you're immune to ground attacks it's
like of course you want that my favorite
starter is shut up stop bothering me kid
okay okay let's that's I mean that's a
pretty good starter so drunk time is
messing me up there we go you don't have
to worry about us doing Civil War
spoilers because Jack Jack hasn't even
seen it yet I have not seen it yet
unfortunately so with no spoilers and
anyone who spoils it for me will get
banned at least for today oh yeah sorry
hate we do have some tips but okay so
there's an adorable owl there is a fire
cat uh-huh and then there is the dumbest
looking seal it looks like a seal
dressed like a clown uh-huh it's a
water-type and it's the dumbest looking
pokemon i have ever ever seen and it's a
starter and hopefully it's evolutions
look a little bit cooler because i can't
imagine anyone wanting a dumbass seal
uh-huh just a goddamn dumbass seal rich
perhaps 78 says Rich Cheng you guys
looking forward to the hand of fate
sequel coming out January 2017 you know
what I just want to play hand of fate
again I should have played that today
well you just played that that's it
doesn't if it's entertaining to watch it
doesn't fucking matter I know that's
true like if people unanimously hate
this yeah do you think they'll care if
you if you just turn this off as they're
playing hand of fate no okay
no in fact they'd probably like it I
wouldn't know
I'm glad they're making one I don't know
much about it what's what's gonna be
different at this point I just be glad
to get a a character model but it
doesn't look ugly right a sickly biker
no no I'm not the best character model
I've ever played as but it's fine it's
fine it's fine for what it is little
indie game for any game no and if it's
great yeah
Neal Breen says rich how many sick moves
you use from backyard stunts in the new
half in the bag fight zero there's a
fight I haven't seen the new half of the
bag because I haven't seen the civil war
Ian oh yeah that was a fight oh shit
well I'm glad you got to do some sick
fight moves rich turtle wise says thank
you for streaming despite having a long
day of shooting I won't be the dick that
I asked for hints on the on the John you
just filmed John or whatever remember
that's like a reference to a joke okay
last time just Spanglish move I have a
terrible memory no despite wanting to be
that dick great work lately
thanks again we I spoiled a little bit
cuz it took a picture well all I can
tell you because it has been revealed as
it was a wheeeeel episode we won't give
you any specifics well well those are
terribly exciting to watch those real
tapes
terribly exciting sigh there's a whole
there's a whole shebang you got is it's
gonna be it's gonna be a whole thing
guys it is just gonna be a whole thing
I'm not sure I can first I thought I'd
like he has a double-barrel shotgun and
I'm not sure I'm liking the
double-barrel shotgun TNG after-dark
says here's my TV show pitch data takes
care of the night shift on the
enterprise it's very relaxed and not
much happens it's called TNG after dark
data nothing much happens because data
is very efficient we got a problem in
the indigenous it's keep on taking care
of it
I choose my staff from the best
available applicants what could they do
without data if he's so boned that crew
would be dead so many times over so many
times over that's what pissed me most
off about like the whole like data is a
data as a tool episode we're just like
beyond like the the rights of a sentient
being like you fucking need him on the
enterprise well it wasn't the
enterprise's doing it but Starfleet's
doing all right but I was so pissed off
it's artfully where's like your flag
shit is gonna be without quite literally
your best officer though looking from
their point of view that's the exactly
the reason they want to mass-produce
data take them apart and figure out how
he was oh sure sure sure I guess then
then a lot of other ships wouldn't have
to worry about blowing up you could
argue that it was a very selfish thing
to defend data you could make that
argument I like that
the riddle of steals is rich why do you
hate ohcarina so much jeez jack
by Crom have you seen civil war yet nope
Luke 72w says want to rich regarding
ocarina overworld do you cut any slack
given the original design was the entire
game would be in a tower I'll up super
mario 64 and it's a transition game but
between 2d and 3d games no it's this
that would be an excuse for what is in
the end of the day a ugly dull horrible
overworld you know I remember one before
it came out magazines is like some world
is so big it's gonna take an entire day
just to walk across the world and then I
get the game and I realize oh they're
talking about an in-game day and that's
that's literally three minutes long why
am i big pinata after ever all the hype
the these older world got before the
game came out yeah I definitely don't
cut them any slack you know I do like I
don't cut them in its like just because
I don't think the world was that bad
hany it's tiny and it's empty this this
was this was like a big 3d world and we
didn't have those before we didn't have
those before on consoles we did not have
those before on consoles I don't know
why I'm a big pinata but I am
I am a big pinata empty feel and there's
nothing to do with it yeah
nothing it's what we had man that's it
that's what we got some salmon says hey
guys maybe you see either of you seen
the trailer for the latest fucked up
Kevin Smith movie yoga hosers if so what
did you think I haven't seen it I don't
care about it and whatever Kevin Smith
isn't really that relevant anymore when
it comes to making movies he's got some
got a Batman blog or something I don't
know I haven't listened to much of Kevin
Smith's blog stuff I've heard I've heard
his blogs were very interesting until he
finally ran out of stories and I think
you heard that for me cuz I used to
listen to his to his SModcast and you
tell little stories about the making of
his movies and then he tell stories
about his interesting friends and know
how he met his wife and you know just
like his evening with stuff you know you
know the story of him making the the
Prince documentary that's crazy right
the story of him like writing the
Superman Returns movie oh that's crazy
and then he just ran right out of
stories because he started smoking drugs
and all of his stories became about
smoking drugs so well Plus stories about
making movies the dealing with producers
when in talks to make movies you know
those go away when you stop making
movies
excellent point right yeah okay wait
here with some more Kevin Smith insider
information oh there's no more insight
of information take it to tell the
Superman story again I like that that's
a fun Superman story that's fun
Superman's it is he's not a bad
storyteller that Kevin Smith yeah
sort of wise says PA my home state
recently started the process of medical
marijuana legalization I've read a lot
on the subject owing to personal stuff
and must say I am so happy to see
legalization of a plant and I have never
smoked myself and I don't really plan to
but I see no problem with legalizing
marijuana hmm I've I've known pot heads
and they're just kind of pot heads
they're they're functional human beings
and I've known alcoholics which no
alcohol is legal and they fucking
destroyed their own lives so I don't
understand you know but from my point of
view of alcohols gonna be legal
marijuana really should be I'm with you
I think it all should be legal heroin
coke let's make it all we go
some Semin says oh my god fuck I believe
Winter Soldier is better than Civil War
but a more controversial opinion of mine
piano is a better action movie than John
wick based on the use of actual squibs
alone and it's a comedy
I'm really excited I've seen neither of
those so oh I'm really excited as you
can abut I really like I can't feel so
there are so many movies that I need to
see I'm getting a little upset I'm
running out of time
running right out of time rich That's
Life that's life
that is exactly life and I did like
Winter Soldier a lot more of myself I
don't think it helped my viewing of
Civil War the fact that I saw Winter
Soldier for the first time the night
before oh yeah yeah how I do it
shadow elite 5 says it's just me being
high or is it the weird game rich how
much push-ups do you do is it 100 it's
150 yeah no I you know what I I know you
were doing 100 for a while I need to be
stronger than one punch man yeah so but
and so I'm glad you finally graduated at
150 you guys it's not necessarily about
the amount of push-ups
mama says hey guys I started seeing a
counselor for my psychological distress
and I noticed that my counselor looks a
lot like Jack Packard thanks Jack for
making me no longer want to kill myself
anonymous says hey rich since the new
doom is coming out in two days are you
planning on streaming in no deathrun an
ultra nightmare with glory kill flashing
and all other HD HUD turned off yep
right right out of the box first night
stream will in the first time I died you
see you see two days according to steam
that shit's coming out tomorrow well at
midnight that shit's coming out at
midnight I got a pre-loaded already and
you know if you google it if you google
doom release day says the 13th mm-hmm
but according to Steam it's the 12th I
don't know this is a console release
date that's different or is there a one
day difference in like the European
release or something I watch me just not
know looking forward to that one
hopefully hopefully do them feels like
doom doom this doom is do me graphic
military says hey guys
epic battle sequence and last half in
the bag and great episode on link head
oh be OTW
I hope Josh wasn't really angry with
everyone after that episode lol fuck my
juicy checkmate
no josh is super pissed at us and he's
never talking to us again we all hate
each other we all hate each other all
the time I don't know if you guys know
what the Buffalo buffalo buffalo
and any any minor dispute you see
between any of us on this screen yep
means of real life feud that's bitter
and festering I hope you guys understand
that we all hate each other all the time
madam Soze
eye color the Mars Attacks eye color the
Mars Attacks comics for IDW hmm
tell rich I colored issue 4 while
watching his Dead Rising no death
streams they were glorious now rich no
I'm glad you enjoyed them my boring ass
stream you did it man that epic run
though the epic fucking epic run yeah
Albuquerque says today for access an
ounce sip 6 it's coming and it's coming
10/21 hoping to watch it on prereq many
months from now fYI sip 5 is 6 years old
also DC Universe Online for ps4 it's
free you fucks I've heard about that
about you just do it get it over with
what is this I agree we will you know
that's actually one of the problems I
was just remembering to bring in the ps4
Jesus can a mod tell them how many tips
they've missed I'm getting caught up
alright that they haven't been missed
this is rich reading them this is me
reading them I haven't stopped reading
them since I started yeah we were a
little behind at first boy oh yeah we're
a little behind it birthday and we're
sorry
shit happens but also shit happens
tired and sad says hey guys do you feel
the new wave of political correctness
and need to be perpetually offended as
sifting comedy and genuine discussion
from the Ghostbusters reboot to
Hollywood's whitewashing um I think a
lot of the the any kind of spin they're
gonna give on that Ghostbusters trailer
being that hating feminism or hating it
the vac
women yes that's gonna be studio spin as
much as anything oh hey can I can I tell
you the honest truth well I don't
believe there is a new wave of political
correctness it's getting attention but
it's waves actually political
correctness has been a concept for a
while well but I guess what I'm saying
is I don't think that there is this
massive group of people who are actually
offended by like oh there's a small
group of people who are offended by Ron
she's sucking at the same small group
but they're loud they're loud and they
get media attention and if everyone
would you shut the fuck up about them
they will go away yeah this is a real
thing the the guy who made ghostbusters
recently had a thing you know like
someone was asking about it being like
the most hated trailer ever and he's
like no I don't think it has anything to
do with they with with them being women
I think he says I think it's despicable
I've seen people write mean things about
them being women and that's terrible if
you didn't like the trailer fine you
didn't like trailer and I accept that as
a filmmaker and I could believe there
are some people that have that opinion
but in no way is that the majority and
the negativity that movies get it
absolutely no no and but and I think
that the people involved with that movie
understand that the problem is there are
these dickheads who go at who will go
after it just because it's women mm-hmm
there are and we know it's true because
you can just see the awful things that
they wrote on it but they're just as
much if not more of a minority than the
people who are really loud about
bitching about those people defending
them because they're women it's this
awful cycle and you cannot let that
narrative to be fair I haven't seen
anyone though I I'm by it with my own
eyes I have not seen anyone who bitched
about the trailer because they're a
woman I have nothing I've not seen it at
all Jack they if you go to the actresses
Twitter look up Twitter's and I know
you're not on the tour no but apparently
and they have screenshots there's some
very mean tweets we got through them but
but you know what it doesn't matter as
film enjoyers we cannot let the
narrative be about we can't let it be
about either
we can't let it be about the people who
don't like it because they're women and
we can't let the narrative be about
people who don't like the people because
they're women are trying to be
politically correct it just has to be
about the movie and the second you
mentioned one or two or both of those
things
you've lost already everybody shut up
about it I'm fucking sick of hearing it
I don't think it exists so say what
you're gonna say
and if somebody gets upset just ignore
it yes that's that's been my my strategy
for life
that's a fine strategy rich you know
that is a fine strategy ah peace train
11 wants to know if you set your
stand-up timer I did not oh my god
someone remind me that's terrible yep
Colonel Weise is rich check who's your
favorite Marvel superhero and why
spider-man done because because I was
also a young white nerd yep yep I was a
young white nerd who was who felt like
an outcast and really wanted superpowers
and he seemed to have awesome
superpowers and he was also pretty
relatable and realistic lately as
everyone knows cuz I talk about her all
the time I like that Kamala
I like that MS Marvel was also saying
here dig Doctor Strange and Silver
Surfer the most the former that crazy
mystic shit is cool the former has a
badass backstory with Galactus said the
former twice should be the former and
the latter overlooked that right I
wasn't that was a minor mistake a minor
mistake great yeah spider-man I've I've
been looking back at my history with
comic books you know and when it comes
to like mainstream Marvel or DC
superheroes yeah
90% of my comic book consumption was
spider-man related sure I you know read
a little bit of Superman I read a little
bit of Fantastic Four you know a few
things here and there if some of the
other Marvel and DC heroes but 90% of
that was spider-man and then the other
stuff I read
like the TMNT the black-and-white CMIT I
love that actually like GI Joe right but
that that's actually SS that's that's
actually what started me into comic
books okay so most lapis you like really
early on
I like the GI Joe yeah let me show girl
and then Savage Dragon preacher I need
to read me the seven dragon I keep
forgetting the Savage Dragon is problem
is that it almost moves it to faster
pace for its own good
the the savage dragon does not like
letting a status quo finger for long I
can see that a character can get married
and then like one of those the wife will
die like three issues later status quo
is always going to change I love it and
when you read the savage dragon you you
you dread turning the page because
there's there's there sometimes it's
just a plan shocking moment that happens
oh my god
and for me it was all spider-man in
x-men I dug the x-men like longtime
characters would get murdered doing a
fairly routine adventure like after that
page turn like oh my god no you weren't
you're not much of an x-men heir but
never never actually I was never in the
x-men oh and see like to me they were
very akin to spider-man where -
spider-man
the x-men where you know they were just
outcasts they're outcasts who got powers
and you found a group of friends and you
know sometimes the friends didn't get a
lot of Wolverine so it's like fucking
fuck over NZ Lord Belmont says I'm so
excited for doom 4 please stream it on
Sunday you mean doom well we'll get into
that also it might be out late evening
of the 12th for stream
I have no idea how to fire this gun you
know if the do thing is weird because
it's not like the original doom is
completely irrelevant and forgotten
about and you know it's like you're
rebooting something that might still get
played we're talking about you know
right and not only are you rebooting it
you're using the same name like brutal
doom is currently a thing yes the old
doom and there's the potential for
confusion yeah oh no there will be
confusion doom is good but it's still
not quite doom
I like doom but I still think doom does
this and this better oh you know do is
no doom maybe I'd like doom better if I
didn't just play the doom again I think
that's the real problems can comparing
and contrasting doom to doom you're
gonna see a lot of doom in doom well do
PC do is a really good shotgun but then
but then doom shotgun yeah it's not
quite as fun that's got you know too
much of a spread you know I really love
dooms chaingun but the way that doom did
the shotgun compared to the way doom did
the shotgun I think there are pros and
cons to the doom shotgun you know I
think I like doom shotgun better than I
like doom shot if that if that makes any
sense
why is rogue head of x-men because
Jennifer Lawrence not rogue she's um
Jennifer Lawrence's mystique yes every
for some reason everyone loves with
Jennifer Lawrence and so she gets to be
the head of the x-men for some reason
fuck man I do not give a fuck about
Bryan Singer's x-men anymore see this
isn't like who's on first because that
would if you you move this doom analogy
to who's that first I'm like well who's
on first who's on second and who's on
third right it's there's a Joe who's
kind of along the same lines blur
analysis rich you look better with more
hair on your face Jack you look better
with less on your head I don't think so
you know what I think both though both
of those are accurate statements for the
the now not happening Zelda Ocarina
episode I went back to our sonic most
overrated game ever episode and and in
that episode I cut it out of the final
edit yep
but in that episode there is a recording
of me and rich talking back before
starts and so rich I think that Sonic
the Hedgehog is the most overrated game
ever would you agree enriched goes no of
course not because the most overrated
eighth game ever is zelda ocarina of
time yeah you actually said that in the
sonic episode and so I was gonna use
that as like a flashback to segue into
the Zelda episode yeah and you don't
have a beard in that episode and you're
not wearing a baseball cap and it's
fucking weird and I shot it on a
different camera and you look weird as
hell in the old episodes currently I'm
the roaring a baseball catalog because
I'm just too lazy to get a haircut I
know I need a haircut
I should go tomorrow really
right no and you know what epic Jason
that's the real thing is everyone's
gonna call the new Dhoom Dhoom 4 and
that it's just gonna go by the name
Dhoom 4 but technically it's called doom
and that's the problem I think that's
the problem
mr. glitch says just wondering if you'd
received McBain and blood freak at blood
freak is worth II slog just for the
narrator scolding the audience about
marijuana los chain-smoking hacking up a
lung on camera actually I just got that
yesterday what to the one of the field
box the other day way I have just got
met in recruit more pimps for you says
does Jay know that John Carpenter's
coming to Milwaukee if not text him
right now Jay knows he definitely knows
yeah he actually bought tickets for
Chicago before it was announced to be in
Milwaukee yeah and I think is he just
going to both is that a solution that's
the decision that has to be made yeah
and I believe him both him and Josh are
going to Chicago and so the decision has
to be made like do you see him twice
because this is probably a
once-in-a-lifetime event
mhm so do you go seem twice in and so I
I asked the quality twice in a lifetime
he goes well I but so so my question to
them was do you think the sets will be
different do you think he'll play
different music at two different shows
and both of them thought that the answer
would be no it's probably gonna be the
same set each time I said well then
probably it's go to one right yeah you
don't need to you don't need to go twice
also he goes on to say uh also what did
rich Jack think of better call Saul
what's this
SSN - Oh season - yes I just saw Keanu
Reeves in an Iggy Pop concert in LA I
haven't seen any of let's call Saul Jack
I know you were enjoying it right yeah
I've just seen episodes here and there
my wife really likes it cause she was
super into the Breaking Bad and I the
they're like three episodes of better
call Saul that I saw were brilliant Bob
Odenkirk is a is just a fantastic actor
he plays both the light in the dark
there's comedy moments there's real
character moments it's funny it's it's
interesting it's a really great show I
see a national treasure Bob Odenkirk is
a national treasure is that a reference
to something it's just something people
say
so-and-so that you like is a national
treasure sure Mike who's the guy that
plays the Reverend Don Bob the
unbreakable kimmy sue Jon Hamm something
in unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt yeah Kimmy
Schmidt Jon Hamm Jon Hamm is a national
treasure Jon Hamm is a national treasure
I will definitely agree with his role on
the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is fucking
a basin is fucking amazing yes I agree
yeah I have a wife I've talked about her
before she was on our board game stream
my wife is a national treasure you know
why she puts up with me I did it I did
this really dumb thing the other day I
saw the Pokemon starters and I was
talking back and forth with someone on
Twitter about how much I hated the
stupid seal and they sent me a picture
of like that there's that picture of the
crying seal and they said just imagine I
photoshopped this seal blue because I
was making fun of the stupid Pokemon
started that was a seal mm-hmm and so
like I just happen to have Photoshop
open so I quick take the picture into
Photoshop Photoshop it blue and make it
kind of look like the Pokemon star to
seal and tweeted out why are people set
the starters
oh no I just think it's dumb I'm telling
a story about my wife okay it's like I
just did this dumb pokey mom thing I
quickly photoshopped a picture of a seal
and and just did this really dumb thing
and my wife walks in on me photoshopping
a seal blue with a white face and a pink
nose and she's just like what are you
doing I'm explaining to her like I was
they announced the new Pokemon starters
like the seal looks sad that I called
him dumb okay that's nice and walks out
of the office she was thinking I married
a child she you know she understands it
she understands it which is nice it's
good to find someone that understands
yeah she has she doesn't always she's
not always with me but she understands
mm-hmm I'm sure there are some times
where she's embarrassed
sure Nico :
hey rich what was for you personally the
most challenging part of working on
space cop
what was the easiest or most enjoyable
part also hijack
most challenging part was just
headlining
I my worst on-camera critic and he's
very self-conscious having to basically
you know be the star of the whole film
not basically the being the whole star
the star of the whole film that's oh my
god that's a horrible idea because I I
saw a gun that's you know I look at my
work with a critical eye I don't think
anybody mmm who's creative does that you
only see your flaws oh I see a ton of
them well yeah no I mean you're you're
not just the star you're the driving
plot force you're like the setup for all
the jokes you're the punch line to the
other jokes yeah you're a big deal in
the movie like it was that's a big
responsibility and I think you handled
it great though I think the most
enjoyable part of any movie is
brainstorming the ideas for it
wouldn't this be funny how about this
crazy idea that stuff's all fun and the
worst part of the movie is making no
making the movie is the worst part yes
Jesus Chris says make America great
again he's gonna win you know no comment
okay
no comment that's my prediction not
taking the side my prediction is Trump
wins I could see it happening which
upsets me yep there's there's a lot of
liberals who aren't gonna wanna vote for
Hillary that's true because she comes
off as being a two-faced politician yeah
but she's probably gonna get the
nomination from Trump was just in your
face yeah I'm an asshole Trump recently
did you see that thing where recently he
was like he was talking about his tax
proposal and his original tax proposal
was it was classic Republican like tax
breaks to the wealthy and most recently
he was like yeah you know look at my tax
plan I'm gonna tax the wealthy it's like
he said he is an absolute wild card
no he's I gotta say measured he he got a
lot of cheap heat by by saying that you
know the most insane things I had a
bunch of media attention and he fired up
a huge pop up the heart of population
and know now that it's certainly
possible
oh no suddenly he's calming down a bit
suddenly it's very deliberate and
somebody who can appreciate Machiavelli
I could appreciate its nonnamous says
hey guys ever see that at 1995 Peter
Weller sci-fi horror films screamers
Jack please please play another game I
have not seen that movie
screamer's
I have not seen screamers
I kind of want to play another game but
I'm still you know I'm still in the
middle of figuring out this one half his
own party hates him before entering yeah
but I think halfway the the Democratic
voters don't like Hillary yes oh who
cares about the party at this point
absolutely on the whole I think Trump's
gonna alienate less of his own party
let's let's worry about that another
time see ya how does feel about majora's
mask haven't played it i remember as a
kid it frustrated the fuck out of me
yeah i didn't know i did not understand
the whole day reset thing i have no
interest in playing just kid link yeah
yeah in my fantasy life i'm not seven
years old i guess thats yeah well let's
see now that's what I liked about
ocarina is you know you start off as the
kid in the big old world then you grow
up and you get this I kind of hate that
actually I like that I hate that I have
to spend a third of the game running
around as a kid I love I love the pulled
us the magic seed little little treats
you know where you can plant them as a
kid and then go through time and not
worth spending a third of the game
running around is an Ashes kid and i'm
says if you had to live in any movies
world you've done on best the worst for
five years which one would you pick yes
rich did you get the Hat I sent you if
you sent me the White Sox hat I wore it
on streem once the only other hat we've
been said was a Pokemon hat that Jack
wore on stream once yep
and then I took home rich and a Link to
the Past you're a kid too and a link to
the passwords that top-down view it's
hard to tell how old he is it could be
it could be 10 he could be 17 yeah in my
head in and out and the teenage end of
the spectrum in my head you're an elf he
could be any age absolutely and the chat
no Bryn says i will donate $65 right now
if you stop playing this game and start
playing ultimate chicken horse no I
don't have it on my computer you know
you'd have to download it um as far as
the the best of the worst world would
read a little faggot I uh yeah that one
I don't know uh what it would it what
what's the question which wish which
best of the worst
what movie that we watched some best of
the worst what we choose to spend five
years in because I could just instant
recall and every movie we've ever
watched and because it's something I
think about all of that Miami connection
yeah sure why not Miami connection yeah
you get to see good rock shows Miami you
learn you learn about you learn about
Taekwondo and then you go see a rock
show you know you sent out the porch and
watch the ninja fights seem to happen
routinely every kind of fun you know
wrote or it seemed like a pretty decent
future world as long as you don't meet
the one who cut bad cop
yeah but it's like it's the future it's
just a normal world really I'm trying to
think of like one looks like a paradise
Oh what about what about a ticket to
Hawaii hard ticket to Hawaii yeah but
there's all those cancer infected rats
they're not saying we need to live in
the plot of the world we just need to
live in the world so you know we would
just be in Hawaii maybe why would you be
in Hawaii if you're in that world then
maybe be in that world with
concen that seems like a normal world
most movies take place in the normal
world it's a normal world here a lot of
large-chested women so yeah even even in
Wisconsin it's still Wisconsin it just
has slightly more large-chested women so
I'm okay with that you know there's such
things too much really
really Dolly Parton look or the the
Pamela Anderson look not really for me
not really for me too much of a good
thing just it just looks cartoonish I
just offended everybody who watches the
stream that has big boobs which is zero
people which is rich in you know
everybody has their zero people rich
everybody has their own thing some
people are into something hammer cap
says as filming gaming guys have you
played until dawn nope nope I don't
think so film and gaming should coexist
I've seen a lot of games now that tried
to do the cinematic thing and it doesn't
work if it almost never works I hate it
I hate it on the only story heavy games
I've played that worked were weird like
Mass Effect where the story was somewhat
interactive but like just just standing
there and watching other characters act
out a cutscene while you're and that's
when that's when that's 90 percent of
the game if fuck off the game should the
story should be there to highlight to
accentuate the game to give the game
some deeper context or not the other way
around like you said to make the story
part of the gameplay element yep
interacts we want to interact with our
interactive media if not there's books
and their stories and there's stage
plays and there's all one-man shows
there's all sorts of non interactive
media that already exists that can
I hate this character the most here kill
me can you kill me I'm just gonna try
out all the character quantum break huh
how much quantum break did we played
before we got to pull a trigger on a
weapon jesus fucking christ quantum
break was the worst how much should I do
how long we playing for the first time
we got to do a game thing in the game an
hour or more more an hour we the first
time we sat down and played we only had
about an hour and a half yeah and I
don't think we hold like a gun trip I
don't think we pull the trigger on a gun
until at least 45 minutes into the game
I think I was more than that I think it
was like an hour intent before that we
did have to open a door and a little
button said open there so that wasn't it
wasn't really like a puzzle or anything
though we just had to play out we had to
play act the highly scripted cutscene
the fur the first thing that actually
had like some sort of puzzle was we had
to pull the lever on the time machine
and we have to technically find the
lever even though it was in the same
room as us and our character was facing
we technically had to find it quantum
break or the order 1886 is free probably
the magician in this channel which one
would you rather play you know what
before they patched it plain quantum
break of my pc was real who did we do we
mention that that we were we were
talking for a while about doing a full
let's play a full let's play series of
the Windows 10 version of quantum break
yep
until they they patched it like two days
later and then to the game's credit
after they patched it it ran smoothly
for another day until it stopped working
altogether and it would start up to a
white screen after it started to
starting up to a white screen I went to
the Support Forums to figure out how to
fix it oh you had to uninstall and
reinstall the game which was a day and a
half download through the Windows Store
so fuck that oh fuck that game so hard
just this guy you know siz Jack the wife
and I are thinking about a second kid
with it seems like it would be an
exponential increase in effort to have
two versus one
what was your experience yes it is an
exponential it's having two kids is is
not twice as difficult as having one
it's even more difficult than that those
like having three or four yeah yeah it's
three or four times more difficult than
having one because you also have the
first one to deal with and the first one
usually doesn't like them the new one so
yes it is significantly more difficult
if you're a person that likes kids you
know I think it might be worth it but I
don't know that's up to you I know
before I had kids I was talking about
the wife and like I you know what maybe
we'll have three or four mm-hmm that was
our plan after we had the one we said
you know the one's pretty good
and then we're like okay maybe two cuz
you know you never here's the real thing
is I don't think you ever want an only
child
most of the only children I know our
super pricks because they never had any
competition growing up so you never want
an only child yeah I'm sure there are
some people I know who are only child
who are not super bricks but that's what
I think chess having a discussion about
naughty dog games oh my god someone
someone properly brings up that the you
you immerse person in a game through
game play yes yes yes if agree
wholeheartedly
Grand Theft Auto very immersive because
you have a huge open world that you
could drive around and do whatever it
you get to experience that world on your
own damn terms yep
what's what's not you know it's not
immersive right being forced to play act
out somebody else's story that they
couldn't get turned into a movie that's
not very immersive right no it's it's
it's silly okay
gobbledygook says here's five dollars to
hear rich talk about his history with
Richie Rich comics there is none there
is no history with me and Richie Rich
comics despite the fact that he is also
called rich
turtle why it says sent space cop to the
to the kids from welcome to the basement
YouTube movie review show I think the
one dude was Chad Vader a million years
ago but in any event they open it in
their last unboxing video mm-hmm great
great I think great
hope they enjoy yeah and if they don't I
hope they rip it apart
whatever whatever floats your boat
whatever whatever you paid your money he
gets to do with it but she wants to do
with it why are you still playing it oh
I just want to play turn up turn up
enter the gungeon you schmuck no there's
the chicken hardest thing we're gonna
figure out do you really do you really
want to figure out how to play something
right now though you know apparently
we'll get a $65 donation Oh totally
worth it but there are no obligations
that actually do that I have to figure
out where it is who has it like do I
have it do you have it
I don't you gonna alt tab and the
defender this out I know I don't
understand this game and so I hated into
the Ganga your brain says rich was the
90s animated spider-man the best
adaptation of the comic it amazes me the
adult overtones in serious situations
were working to a kid Cheryl became more
than just a kid Cheryl I remember not
liking it that I didn't watch it much I
liked it the nineties spider-man I liked
it
spectacular spider-man is fucking
amazing ironically
the amazing spider-man what else protect
I was running away it's amazing but it's
the spectacular spider-man you're gonna
get an Al motherfucker and
I thought you know it was alright the
the nineties spider-man I really I
really liked it I don't think it was the
end-all-be-all spider-man yes it's the
one where spider-man couldn't punch
he couldn't punch in that show because
of sensors which was the 90s oh really
yep in spectacular spider-man they beat
the shit out of each other there's
there's there's like there's like eight
good slugfest this season oh that's nice
maybe I gotta give that one another
chance I don't remember I don't remember
that one okay oh I think I only have one
more character to be lunar archons is
Jack and rich how did you celebrate
Mother's Day
ah you're too distracted by this game no
this awful game that you're still
playing against all odds here's exactly
what I did a Father's Day I don't know
if it people won't believe me but this
is actually what I did i mother's name
my wife and I always a mother and she
agreed to do this went to my mother's
house and cleaned out her barn this is
not the barn on the farm that I grew up
on this is a different barn
and you know she had a bunch of like
summer stuff in the barn that she wanted
to take out because summer is coming up
and so we we we cleaned out her before
Mother's Day it was great
kids got to go you know hang out and
goof around outside clean out a barn had
a little one she was great all right
yeah which is why there's no string
because I spent all day clean out of
fucking Martin and I can't tell you I
understand why you hit start aveling
it's like a Barnes Barnes
I just died no the Barnes you know oh is
it stand-up time okay everyone let's
stand up
plays one more character and then I will
have played all the characters and then
I will feel better about killing it
about not playing old steel says Jack I
know you don't like going back to games
you playing does that mean we'll never
see more detective rich an Ace Attorney
Jack also fuck Jon Hamm you guys are the
national treasures thank you we'll see
that I think that's different stuff like
police quest and and Phoenix right like
that's that's a series to complete
that's a game that you can complete if
we were completing a game that was
that'd be a whole nother thing
then just playing the same game over and
over again you know like games games
like XCOM that are kind of infinitely
replayable or Isaac or risk of rain or
FTL these kind of games there's no end
goal you can just play over and over
again which is great for game play I
don't think it's best for our type of
streaming because we're also like we're
not like speed runners or we're not like
this isn't something we're doing every
day and so like with Phoenix right it's
a game that we can complete and have it
be its own little chunk yeah and so I'm
okay playing that over and over you know
not over and over playing that to
completion so that's different
see ngf darks is rich Jack fuck what is
your backup country that you will move
to if Trump is elected I don't I don't
think any country will be safe rich is
correct I ain't moving nowhere take my
country back
Tyron said says jack can you talk about
the vice documentary on Miami connection
also what did Richard Edlund ever do to
you guys what's the story behind that
film the real story was just me and Mike
fucking around back in our high school
days all that is and the Miami
connection duck I think we talked about
that about a little bit last room the
vice put out a little mini documentary
about the man who found the real of
Miami connection yep and that guy who is
also in deadliest prey as one of the
hackers found YK Kim and found that some
of the actors in Miami connection and
did like a little mini documentary and
it's great
YK Kim is just the realest man alive and
he just wanted to make this movie to get
people excited about Taekwondo because
he was starting up a Taekwondo school
and so he's like I'll make an American
action movie to get people excited about
Taekwondo and had no idea what he was
doing and apparently he ran out of money
ten days into production in connection
just because no one on seis had any idea
what they were doing and the movie
almost ruined him it almost bankrupted
it did bankrupt but it almost ruined him
and it's just a really wonderful story
about about the making of Miami
connection it's the the the hardest part
about the documentaries you wish it was
longer it's only like 20 25 minutes once
again never make a movie never ever make
a movie yeah you know it's it's tough
it's a beautiful documentary that I
highly recommend it if you go to vices
YouTube channel I'm sure and look up
Miami connection or just Google Miami
connection documentary or someone in the
chat will post to it I'm sure because
Shh
diggity MD says thank you guys for
introducing me to Neal Breen made all of
my college roomies want to double down
with me and now we share a sacred bond
possibly the most memorable movie ever
made that's true you can thank the chat
for that yeah the champ
introduced us to neo brain we were just
part of the church you know the church
to bring something they watched on movie
dicks I don't know where you guys for
people who aren't regulars that might be
in her right now sure on Tuesday nights
the chat gets together and they all
watch movie yeah and like Netflix or
somesuch
you know watch it through the stream but
right Chad just hangs out and watch this
movie together and Thursday they do
science fiction stuff usually Star Trek
and it's great you can all watch a movie
like like they said on Netflix or on
YouTube or something and then the chat
you can chat about deliver that you're
watching and they're the ones that
hipped us to neo brain and someone sent
us a copy of DoubleDown which we've then
watched and our lives have been forever
changed so thank you chant yeah but if
you're if you're not a regular there's
something going on in the chat just
about all the damn time yeah yeah very
very active that's great yeah it is
great
mr. glitch says I humbly offer the DOS
classic star control to as a stream
candidate the devs released the source
code to the public which means it's now
free you fucks
yeah like that star control I'll look
into that cap 79 says Deus 9 or Voyager
which series deserves an eighth season
to tie everything up ds9 to see the
aftermath of the war Cisco's return
Voyager to see Janeway answer for her
crimes the Borg
I say ds9 but like let's say in a
perfect world you could you could like
help produce the last season and you
could bring Janeway to justice what
would you but you can't help produce the
last season the thing is that they did
an eighth season of Voyager it would
and other crappy season of Voyager right
seeing them actually do something ballsy
well that's isn't that really voyagers
problem Voyager was never willing to do
anything ballsy yeah so you're barking
up the wrong tree you'd probably get
better results with the ds9 and then I'm
gonna be caught up here a second that's
nice
nice donation from you Bree says here's
a donation to see you to duke it out an
ultimate chicken horse okay well then so
that threat was carried out I'm just
about done with with this once this
character dies you see they would never
do Janeway answering for her crimes they
would do a season where everybody
fucking loves Janeway and makes her
Admiral that's what they would do was it
wasn't she an admiral enough they
wouldn't you know what they wouldn't do
interesting stories with people trying
to reintegrate with their lives and and
oh my loved one has gone on without me
they thought you know they wouldn't
never dare to do anything interesting
like that that would be great if it be a
bunch of fucking stupid throwaway
episodes with lousy aliens of the week's
culture I have culture oh that would be
great like episodes dedicated to just
like the the crew of Voyager like not
being able to to go back home yeah cuz
like I'm so used to fighting every day
oh there could be some great like
wartime post-traumatic stress syndrome
analogies and like you know it does the
soldier I believe the battlefield kind
of thing yeah but but voyagers legacy is
fucking up potential
this rich know any Klingon I'm not that
nerdy how did you hear about that with
the with a lawsuit for the fan-made
movie it makes sense I gotta say I
understand parents point of view you
have you have people they are asking for
money to make a Star Trek related thing
yeah but did you hear about these the
specifics of the Klingon language no so
so the lawsuit sites like via some very
specific things where the people
infringed on copyright and one of the
things that they are claiming they
infringed on is the entirety of the
Klingon language the only problem with
that is the Klingon language is a lot
fan-made yeah because there was never
any official all really language like
you know the the early actors were just
kind of clicking and grunting and then
you know like a few things happened but
the like actual Klingon dictionary and
turning it into a real language was
mostly fan mayhaw but they are citing
that as official copywritten command
well that's interesting it's it's weird
and apparently whether or not they can
claim it Canon also has like could set
precedent for stuff like computer
programming language or like other weird
stuff where like a the way the judge
rules could set weird precedent so it's
very interesting
even from an on Star Trek nerds point of
view interesting and potentially scary I
suppose yeah
mission success is George Lucas gonna
sue the Jedi religion right that it
would be it would be a lot like that
like anybody who who is officially a
part of the the Jedi religion they're
just sad enough I guess you could I
guess you would want to sue them if you
don't want to see Star Wars being
betrayed is something some miserable sad
my religion is Jedi oh wow so sing go
are you that's great then you associate
Star Wars that kind of human misery I
could see Disney not wanting that big
thing it's action then scroll up
interactive chat we studied the
paramount complaint in my Civil
Procedure class what happened in the
first claim wasn't specific enough so
they included a shitload of examples ie
volcán pointy-ears Enterprise design
names of characters Klingon language was
just one thing even if they removed it
it wouldn't affect their claim yeah yeah
oh yeah no I mean they have done their
due diligence in saying like these are
the Contra written things and know and
they desert like you said yeah is there
property and people are they're taking
money for people are taking money for
someone else's property this is exactly
what copyright is for are they in the
rights in the grand scheme of things
maybe not Star Trek's been around for a
while but they they have to not let a
precedent be set right right cuz then
then a fan might might spend five
hundred million dollars of his own money
making a very kick a Star Trek movie
right if you donate to his Kickstarter
you get a copy of the movie
that fan named George Lucas yeah George
Lucas spent you know quarter four
billion of his own money to make a Star
Trek movie he got big-name actors you
know he hired William Shatner and yeah
they're they're charging money the fan
film is charging money quit ah that's
quitting time motherfucker
we quittin that okay ultimate chicken
arse do we have that we might have that
oh it's miss oh here it is
chick and horse first thing I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna uninstall that you go and
do that it's not we're on your computer
meanwhile today expose an axe $5 for
Rich's opinion Marvel Cinematic Universe
or Star Wars Marvel Cinematic Universe
we're just talking about in universes
yeah yeah I've been opened about not
really caring much for the Star Wars is
a universe if you want to look at
individual movies yeah Empire Strikes
Back is one of the best movies ever made
I can't say that about any of the Marvel
films no just looking at it as a
playground as a universe Marvel and oh
I'm Jesus some more I miss I gotta read
you some other stuff here too then the
five dollars more to beg Jack to have
another Adobe create in the stream sure
Adobe Creative streams are tough because
most of the work I do is editing and you
know like for example if I were to
stream my editing of an episode like I
wouldn't be able to talk over that
because most of the episode is just rich
and I talking you know and so like
that'd be a really difficult thing to
stream I guess I could like if we knew
about it beforehand and didn't say
anything dumb I could like just if we
did like a really short episode
yeah I might be able to like just show
you guys an edit whether you would like
that or not would be you know your call
check your call anything about it I
don't know if you would like that I mean
maybe you well how about you tell me you
tell me if you would like that if you'd
like that written I will think of a
short episode it would be fine for me
because it would just be like like a
hack and a half of me I just talk to you
while you're doing this or that instead
of playing a game you'd be editing oh
sure but like I wouldn't be able to
listen to you at all and for people
listening in they would hear your voice
on the edit and your voice talking so I
like what you know I'd be like hold on
rich you can't talk about this
interesting story I need to listen to
you talk about this video it's probably
not a good idea for that reason right
yonder yonder says this tip is for you
guys to enjoy however you please they do
we will do that oh you know what I'm
gonna buy ice cream cone tomorrow that's
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna buy an ice
cream cone yeah yeah that's that's a
good way to enjoy things what I'm not
gonna do is buy anything a Gamestop
that's how I'm not going to enjoy my
mother's laptop Buddha blob

[Part II]
my mother's laptop Buddha blob big
concrete insis Jack and rich I IDK if
you've talked about it on stream before
but since seeing Civil War how do you
guys feel about the new spider-man
excited for the movie LOL fuck my cock
kick me kick um as far as the new movie
i don't i don't know exactly what they
plan on doing with it who's in it you
know other than spider-man and ma really
like what characters are they did what
villain are they using and I've you know
me hear more but as far as how i feel
about this is named Tom Holland Tom
something the actor had this despite
around in civil war yeah as far as I'm
concerned is the first time we've ever
seen Peter Parker in a movie that's what
you told me that got me really excited
yeah I know I know you are a spider-man
fan I I still have yet to see Civil War
I really hope I can see it one of these
days that's what i really hope Madame
says Jack rich I which would you rather
be in command of the enterprise d while
in the Star Wars universe or a super
star destroyer while in the Star Trek
universe all of that stuff oh that's
thumb just all that is just dumb super
dumb talk and I know that's why you
asked that because you know it's a
really dumb question because I have too
much respect for our audience to believe
that one of you would ask a question so
fucking stupid it's just so like I can't
even process that right there's a
chicken and a horse I there's just so
much and you ask that question as if
we're supposed to have an answer and we
don't I don't I don't got it and I'm
sorry I'd rather write a chicken or a
horse in the Micronauts universe or you
could ride a donkey or a camel in the
Transformers Universe but the donkey
camel don't transform but chicken does
but he's not at name in the micronized
into my grace today x says
a non artist I find adobe tooling
fascinating I am in visual studio almost
all day so really appreciate the UI /
work element of the stream maybe that's
just a weird request uh yeah well like I
said it the tough part would be you just
wouldn't get rich and I talking because
we would be editing and like every once
in a while I'd be able to like explain
like what I'm doing or why I'm making a
certain editing decision but most of it
would just be like listening to the same
thing over and over again as I take off
two frames to make an edit better or as
like I remove the word the here because
we saved that too many times you know
there's just not a lot to it I could do
it we could do it as an experiment
because why the fuck not it has to be a
small one though you know like maybe we
talk for 20 minutes sure it down to five
or something but there's been me saying
kearney a car enough time is overrated
just over and over again over and over
again to something i was spelling it
wrong hold on i'm updating them how
about how about we'll do an episode
where I talk about Pokemon and then you
just you just edited to try and you try
and edit it to twist my words into
something positive ah alright I'll just
be me spearing Pokemon talking about how
dumb i think it is screwed and your goal
is to try and make it look like i'm
putting us positive spin on things i
love it okay hold on Oh teammate tired
and sad says as either have you seen the
documentary going clear also would you
agree with Joss Whedon the greatest flaw
of the empire strikes back is that it
has a cliffhanger tune in next week
ending Empire that's hard for me to
answer because at the time I saw Empire
Jedi was already out hey I actually saw
Jedi first oh yeah yeah Oh interesting
okay there we go sorry I had to update
the stream so it's not like I had to
wait to see what
happens next so that's really I'm going
to say this impossible for me to give
you an honest answer mm-hmm and it's
like to me I guess you know what I'm in
the same boat where where the ending
makes so much sense and I kind of love
how it ends because it's such a it's
such a depressing ending and you're just
so excited for the conclusion afterwards
that it makes sense because you know the
conclusion is there and when we like
when we grew up the conclusion was
already there so that's a really tough
isn't that depressing in the Star Wars
as far as Star Wars universe iskcon is
concerned han solo's captured boom Luke
Luke finds out Vader his worst enemy is
actually his father and get this hand
cut off he also gets his hand put back
on the end it gets away he gets a ho he
gets a robot hand Oh guess what guess
who's not jerking off anymore that was
his jerk hand the one you know the last
shot they'll have film is our heroes
kind of huddled together yeah wondering
what will happen next exactly what
they're together well except for huh
it's not complete human misery if they
made that today everyone would be like
like alone like buried alive bleeding to
death it's Star Wars me that's the
modern conception yet bittersweet it's
this it's Star Wars miserable but it
gives me how it makes me want to watch
the next movie I guess what is what I'm
saying but I also know that the next
movie I'll already exists okay ultimate
chicken ours here we go he held his
saber him n he found out his dad sucks
what yo that's just kind of life isn't
it again got my purse could have sucked
do we need multiple players maybe um I
put this put this let me see keyboard
how does one move in this damn like that
apparently coming to the farm come to
the farm rich I'm a horse okay hello we
need you two players oh this is gonna be
weird playing with keyboard what's what
what I know I did something okay what I
disappeared why did I disappear where
did I go oh you all we place those
things you you only have one opportunity
to place a thing how do i do anything in
this game you have to jump on the thing
here is to get the flag I believe so and
I put a thing here and then I made it
cuz I'm dancing oh just like a race too
easy no phone okay yeah that was just
the first level okay so pick a thing
that you like sure why not you know
everybody needs a good platform shoulder
but I don't have shoulder buttons I'm
sure that something else rotates your
thing nope that just places my thing
so what are we supposed to do here I
don't fucking know ah ah shit yeah
they're jump the jump is really fucking
weird I'm stuck yeah too bad oh fuck to
bed second duck I know ah I did yeah no
I'm dead for realsies wake up hey Jack
is dead yay wake up horse is the same
man fine well farm so now we're looking
to like stop the other person well then
it hurts us too right I
oh fuck uh-huh I'm stuck yep yep how do
we stop this is like run off screen your
end game well I don't want to quit the
home run okay well then get out here
right I can't I can't I stop here Oh
what's happening I don't know what's
happening it's zooming it on me mmm is
it chicken the chicken doesn't it not to
him oh my gosh all there you go there
you go too easy what do you mean I
totally won that to eating a buncha you
read the thing miss my signal you read
the fucking thing huh I don't go what I
think this eventually becomes some kind
of hideous battleground I think it's
already kind of a hideous battleground
hmm too easy no point okay okay right
this is almost as exciting as that
editing stream yeah you i don't i don't
know no few days will like that but see
we can give it a try some people seem to
I don't know what this is but it's here
I remember there is I remember the fuck
it does oh shit Delanie the goop he
founded a good I am winning I think they
want you only got that point once
because I doubt oh here we go nope mine
as fine you only got that point once
because I I gave up the group
ah there you go oh the glue got stuck to
the treadmill that's all Odom don't fall
into the Thresher first of all that's
awesome bad the goo get stuck on the
treadmill that's awesome there we go all
right I got a point horse gets a point
oh and my trap worked is that farm boy
I'll trap got me crashing ate her I
don't know this is both find out let's
find out
what no that's not a crush inator why
did you die oh all my Creator it's a
spike inator jack o fresh inator I
thought the thing was gonna come down
and crashing 80 ok ok boo bump up we all
go for the bomb what o.o that let us
destroy something I get it oh my spike
inator yep
use me a horse now that I kind of know
what's happening in the game a lot of my
traps are ill conceived oh shit ah what
was Oh what was that fire can oh fuck I
get it now I got it this is this starts
lame but it becomes need the more crazy
yes things are I think that's the point
yeah spike inators spike in eight ish
double my god richer a madman did you
get that on there yeah can you do it
jack can you do it no you cannot what
did I God you hit the spinning blade oh
I thought I had it two terms left all
right all right we have to get rid of
how we need to get rid of some stuff
here I'm getting rid of this thing
that's nothing but problems what the
fuck is that
nope
boom Elmo horse race horse wins Oh last
turn I needed that I needed that win we
can do those spikes what okay that's
fine there's still one platform one
oh my god rich you're mad man you're mad
man no ah and do the thrush ha you win
that i think if i could if i go if you
don't huh you're just a head now
regardless oh yeah yeah how nice boom
come are jacked it work thanks i'm the
ultimate horse I'll the ultimate horse I
did it but now we both understand how
the game actually work yeah okay well
whoa what's that bridge yeah i don't
know i thought i was sitting to start
start the game let's check that let's
check out that rooftops party box gloop
can we even make it I will die for the
first few times
yep yep okay that seems kind of weird
good old scaffolding you're so boost
here both gonna make this nope nope oh
okay i guess i should have put it there
well yeah probably I thought I thought I
thought we were gonna have a I thought
we were gonna have a little part of your
strategy party strats well I thought we
were gonna have a hard time getting to
the
that was that just come with me
I don't think I don't think you can all
right we suppose that we can rotate the
pieces but with my controls cuz im using
keyboard I don't even know what to do
because the tutorial thing said shoulder
buttons which obviously I don't have
oh you got a coin point engine
it's upsetting that there's no winner
like I want there to be a first place my
boy brief redness mm-hmm my foot now
infinite some way I was so happy
watching you fail oh really that I was
just waiting for you to like finish
falling that I didn't see your thing
nope nope up up damn it I got greedy and
I went for the other coin damn it okay
like at least have to tie I at least
have to tie it stupid all right I'm
gonna get that and get those points
that's kind of bullshit one cuz you
started ahead of me so of course you're
gonna get the coins uh yeah but you
could have gotten that bomb first and
blew up the coins maybe is that is that
what you get for you you got to the flag
first this time so I wonder if you get
the reward of being ahead in the line
maybe that's what the reward is Oh hold
X to run oh oh there's a whole Run
button mm-hmm slap mallar key mallar key
it's like a portal
ah fuck fuck yes fuck fucking d fuck
fuck indeed sir fucking deed hey fucking
did he do that it is yeah yeah oh I'll
see that's what while you were first I
don't have a run I don't know what the
Run button is your home sorry go to
Queen good waitin no no no no ya go to
control pace here here we go let's run
sprint left shift left that's awkward I
hate WASD left I really hate WASD left
plastered party box whatever
good job Joe thanks so what that took it
slow not enough what let's come back for
nothing you got it for nothing what's
come back rich that was a bullshit
weight on my part yeah a total bullshit
I have no idea what that extra point was
for but that's a bullshit win and I
don't know why one is all I have just
the tube wait hardy mode the shared
controller couch 1 don't have two levels
alright i guess i only have the two
options really that's some myself yep ah
that seems weird
if farmers better sure we'll do the farm
on and then we'll pry calling because
it's been a long day bad movies I think
smart here
what are we gonna use later you know
that's the question that comes later
yeah oh yeah dick neutrally right movie
what is this oh that's deadly
oh lets him kill you I hit the goal
streaming for one hour 44 minutes I know
it's gonna be a short one tonight
because uh cuz we're tired because we
try too hard to entertain mr. what's one
we're interested in how we do our best
you do our best to do the entertains Oh
hockey yes what too easy jack I hit you
with the hockey park too easy there is
so much bullshit i'm calling on this
game i clearly set up that trap and hit
you with a fucking hockey puck so i got
to the mystery mr. comeback point i
agree that was bullshit you tell me you
tell me that me not getting a point
there is not bullshit that was bull shit
that was shyster e
that was BS that I agreed that my wine
was bullshit that's not karma my win was
absolute bullshit what oh you blocked my
hockey shit oh nice you blocked my
hockey oh here we go I know it's up here
I got to meet plans look at this this is
devious yeah yeah yeah it's devious
right there I got it I gotta believe in
the power of me
hahahahahahahaha it that was your own
doing putting the coin yeah yeah you got
everything up I'll get wall jump up over
there that's fine i didn't carrying
worse want to go to bed
I'm getting wrecked you are you are
getting right well this is this it's a
platform as Mike it's my kinda yeah well
I'm plan and you're playing on the
keyboard right whatever
get rekt yeah that's all right rich
o clock goof boom boom boom I have
ultimate horse ah good job jack good job
motherfucker alright we have now
experienced ultimate chicken horse you
know we can do rich cross that right off
the list of games to play we cross it
off ever see the laptop you can you can
see the laptop thank you oh i was gonna
turn out Oh thought you're just being a
laptop tf2 thing we got no I think we're
caught up unless yeah we're caught up
great then no I'll tap us over to that
um tu wotcha which I did turn on cuz i'm
good at mmmm burung are you sure you're
gonna remember it's connected is this
this is on the window 7 drive it's
probably still before twitch had the
update maybe but I thought we fixed that
unless they did something different
there's an easy fix it's not a big deal
oh yeah you know how don't even remember
how to do it yeah or back up nice yes
boom all right well I gotta honor Lord
belmont 14 months in a row hold on Jack
trigger joy yeah yeah god Jack trigger
Joyce yes rich and i will talk about
civil war we probably won't do it like
Batman vs Superman where it's just us
and a camera will probably do it during
a game play of something um just because
you know I don't have especially strong
feelings but I sleep well you know what
I'm saying is we will talk about Wow
after i see it i should see it first
before we talk about it and I mean
unless you just want to talk about it oh
oh you you haven't seen it so yeah okay
so uh so yes we will talk about it after
I see it we will probably do it just
normally over gameplay like we do I know
uh Chernobyl kinsman 13 months in a row
moon front 18 months in a row because
movie Alvin Fox stewed 91 12 months in a
row humberto Cabbage Patch 16 months in
a row three style panda star hobbles
Elmet on 106 big fat man 873 every 80 1
17 months in a row dream sign nice no I
have not seen civil war yet
unfortunately I'm very sorry I you guys
know I am an actual marvel fan boy I
know it like everyone who likes those
movies gets accused of being a fanboy
but I'm an actual fan boy and I haven't
seen it cuz I've been busy it's but if i
want to see it i want to see that I want
to see kiano I i still haven't fucking
scene deadpool like I want to see that
that's well no I'm gonna have to see
that myself it's you know what it's not
on disk yet it's only
for digital / oh really not for digital
rental yet oh so ha yeah it's coming out
soon though so I will see ah sorry will
you sit dreams ohm pickle Jean pecan
Jean pickle back home okay cuz you kind
of like dangle VN Jean was it the the
the the Irish was at the irish writer I
can't yeah VI or write the Irish snip
what where are you what's going on I
don't thing oh my god the Irish I nerd
the Irish shiner don't which the Irish
nerd oh yeah o the irish the irish nerd
on twitter there we go that makes sense
rich capital letters they did it they're
important use the capital s kind of
letters to differentiate words there
though you just did out there Empulse
erick on center manic twelve fifteen
twenty two fucking months in a row
striker 11 21 12 months in a row two
backs 16 months in a row ragged scribe
smelter wedge in all of us 20 fucking
months in a row Chakotay has culture
that's all yeah so and that's all ya ali
has its vaguely ill-defined culture i
guess um whack man v2 uh john b 8 20 17
months in a row thank you but 0 for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true it's true we really do everybody
go down to rob paste data scrolled down
to the way bottom just make sure we got
everybody Jambi okay great yep great
thank you guys so much for coming out
really sorry about sorry it's a little
bit of a shorter stream today you uh
we've been they're gonna like it because
filming all day yeah the thing coming
out there's the thing that's gonna be
edited in just going to come out at some
point exactly envolve wheel that may or
may not have weird tapes on it as we may
or may not be very vague so you don't
know what I'm talking about but sunday
we should have a good a good meaty doom
stream nice fat meaty dooms maybe that
on Sunday sure yeah well yeah ooh I want
a stream duel do you listen fucking
sucks rich are you sure you want to play
doom unless it fucking sucks yes I'm
sure I want to play doom and not a
fistful of game I that was so bad and I
didn't understand it and I was confused
and I did not have a good
