Oct 16, 2016
Gears of War 4
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/97970799
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/97971993
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/97972352
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-6kDrAw41c
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq_UDBI-UcU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FgCRlAIyKc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/787739834735554560
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/787822127403507713

[Part I]
what an stream starts true oh great hit
campaign I just want to know how much it
syncs data like is it a coming is it
going to go back to where I was so low
yeah wow that's really crazy
by the way so like the good here here's
like the good bad of the stupid Xbox
system yeah the bad is we were an extra
15 minutes late to streaming because we
had to sign into Xbox and Microsoft 18
times yes that was the bad part of this
here's the good part though I am
currently playing Gears of War 4 on my
xbox one yeah
and just by signing into my Microsoft
account on a completely different
computer on a completely different hard
drive I can pick up the game where I
left off I'd it's you know I'm not
saying it's worth it I'd rather own the
things I buy yeah and not ask permission
from Microsoft to use the thing I
purchased right I'm saying that's kind
of neat though look at that like I could
just pick up the game where I left off
at home here and I think that's kind of
neat I'm not saying that's worth it for
the amount of bullshit that we went
through to sign-in just to play a game
where you shoot the aliens with the guns
is there cross-platform with the Xbox
one I mean for online versus type shit
maybe can you invite your friends and
would they be able to join maybe are we
do you only want to do online or do you
want to go through some well I guess I'm
further along I could we could start a
new game and do co-op good it's kind of
can we can't we do go on yeah in the
campaign absolutely and I'm sharing a
monitor oh good question I don't know
will you try it out oh yeah right now I
surely hold on for one second I told
people I would tweet when we started and
so I would like to
do that I'd like to tweet hi sorry about
the lateness everyone most of the
lateness is my fault I was up in
Appleton this afternoon and Appleton is
about two hours away from Milwaukee and
I hit a hell of traffic on the way back
I thought I would be earlier and so I'm
very very sorry it's fine I am I'm done
I'm just you know like I said we'd start
earlier and we didn't what's the main
character this game's name again is it
Nathan flake it's it's Nathan jaw
Nathan joy it was Nathan flake it's a
it's a it's Han bozo it's Indiana bone
it's it's some asshole here's I've
played several hours of Gears of War for
I can currently not tell you what his
name is that man that we were looking at
right now I cannot tell you what his
name is
I'm several hours he's not slabs
personality-wise it's a complete ripoff
of Uncharted yes he is knees Nathan
Drake they they have complete they have
taken Nathan Drake he feels Kota leotta
place in this horrible war-torn world oh
my god right and the rest of the cast
are just oh my god it's like there was a
flood at the blanket factory like
whenever when we're playing games for
prereq I make notes a little note so you
know I can refer to stuff when we have
our conversation yeah and one of my
notes is stop making me care about these
characters it's not working how about
start making me care about these
characters no fuck that
I want to be the big dumb guy with the
big dumb gun I shoot the aliens fucking
fucking Marcus shows up and it's like
it's like a kick to the gut like Oh John
DiMaggio is fun yeah Marcus is fun
Marcus is great I wish I were playing is
the fun character no we play as as a
low-rent Nathan Drake hold on I've said
I was going to tweet
and I had gotten I think because we we
got to talking local split-screen
alright yeah that's great let's do that
okay we'll go through it we can go to
chapter where are you in the game ah
have you made it like I think we can go
to like different I can go back chapters
so we don't have to start right from the
beginning or we can it doesn't matter
whatever okay act wise I'm not sure what
number it is I know if I've met up with
Marcus and we're armored up and we're
you know we're shooting things by the
way how lucky is it that the person we
brought to Marcus's house just happened
to be a girl because like what if it was
another big burly dude and he just had
the girl arm her left for the big bulky
- you know what I'm fine with that I'm
fine with that
almost done
and tweet oh he's not he's not Jai
Courtney that would be worse because you
don't want to go from fun jarhead
because John DiMaggio knows what he's
doing with voice acting yeah
to someone like Jay Court it was just
boring at it instead they want you know
different personality types they're
going for totally Nathan Drake and it
it's not a place for this world he's
kind of obnoxious I don't like him
yep all those things place fine it plays
like every other gears game yeah yeah
the enemy types suck those robots are
just the lamest fucking things to shoot
at it doesn't get much better
obnoxious bullet sponges yeah I feel
like a lot of their pacing is off as far
as the action sequences are concerned
yeah
it's like they want to shove a lot of
spectacle in up front and it just
becomes a little action overkill where
you're like let me go down a spooky
hallway just to break up this you know
they know what they are they know their
action games first and foremost and
they're not trying I'm relieved I'm
relieved because it's not it's it's
ripping off uncharted main character
yeah but it's not ripping off their
style of what's a gameplay though you're
totally shooting at things the whole way
through in this uh you know maybe you
haven't gotten to that part yet then
what part where you're not I will I've
pretty much just been shooting it thinks
oh ok you haven't gotten to any of the
roller coaster moments then roller
coaster moments yeah when you're on the
motorcycle no oh oh hey we have a couple
tips
wait today's the 16th yeah it is hey
gentlemen I saw the accountant with Ben
Affleck's his turn of the wise and was
happily surprised it was decent
also if a young Abe Lincoln fought 12
zombies who would win zombies great even
though the fights
fatally get too close mm-hm you didn't
have like good one shot rifles in those
days yeah yeah muskets yeah yeah he
might be able to take out one or two let
me know about the headshots right right
like you'd be aiming center mass like a
proper
young Abe Lincoln was was a was a
fighter was a scrapper so he might be
able to take out one or two and once he
figured it out but no it'd be injured
and zombified be overwhelmed even if he
took out the twelve he wouldn't know he
wouldn't notice that way no no hey Jack
looks like you dodged a bullet with that
best of the worst episode of Rich was
that the most miserable best the worst
either oh did the best of the worst
quote apparently it did oh great it's
been so long since we did it I don't
even remember half the things about
that's a that's a Jim and column one we
had a we had I know I remember I
remember that much yeah but like I
couldn't remember what the one of the
movies we watched was for the life of me
we're having a conversation about that
last night
which one was that parole violators I I
don't remember that one was no I just
never any votes never read any both sure
Jack: Oh, and for the, uh, this came up on, on the Reddit, someone, uh, asked me a question on the Reddit about The Gate re:View. If you are wondering why there is no extended discussion for The Gate re:View, it's because there isn't one. I asked Jay about it, and there is not an extended discussion, uh...
Rich: Was that a pretty short conversation?
Jack: It, it must have been a short conversation. It m-, it must just all be in there.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: So there is no soundcloud audio-only discussion of The Gate re:View as there has been of everything else. So...
Rich: I don't know if The Road Warrior will have one. It might have. But there was another one I think that didn't have one. I don't remember what it was.
Jack: I, and, well, I thought I remember talking to Jay about this where he was debating, because apparently, like, The Road Warrior one, there wasn't that much extra.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: And he's like, should I, then I just shouldn't do it. And, and I, I was in the camp that he should put the audio-only just to keep up consistency.
Rich: Okay. Okay.
Jack: And so, it's like, I feel like with this one, too, he should have put it up, even if it was not any longer...
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: ...just for consistency.
Rich: Okay.
Jack: Cuz I think that's important. But, he didn't put it up. What are you gonna do.
I'm glad it's up I'm
looking forward to that I'm looking
forward to seeing them I'm because of
best of the words I'm a little slow
today I need I would like I would like
to tell a little best of the worst story
before we get started
socks off okay so here's the thing
yesterday we filmed the best of the
worst
yesterday we filmed the best of the
worst and before we started filming I
asked a very important question to Jay
my question was am I going to be in the
discussion for this because you were
there Jay was there Mike was there Josh
was there and I was there so logically
speaking either Josh or I will not be in
the discussion because that's how it
usually works yeah and so you know we
were talking for a little bit and Josh
said oh you know it's been a while since
I've been in one I'd like to do it I
said that's fine no problem you know why
it's my day off then I'm just gonna sit
and watch movies with my friends I'm
gonna drink a little bit more cuz
usually I refrain from drinking for Best
Thoris as much as put you know maybe hit
one or two but like I don't want to be
really drunk because I like to be a
coherent during the discussion yeah and
one of the early episodes I felt like I
was a little too drunk and I didn't feel
like I was funny you were I'll say this
much yeah you were exactly as drunk as
you needed to be well so so what
happened so so I was drinking pretty
heavily and that might my thought was
I'll drink heavily and you know I'll
just be the smartass while we watch the
movies they'll cut some of those clips
and then you know I'll monitor audio
while the guys talk and then I can drink
and have a good time so then we get we
get to the studio we get ready to film
and I sit behind the camera and Mike
goes no no you're in the discussion I
don't want to talk in this one and I was
like when did you decide that he's like
oh a while ago I thought I told you I
was a you fucking asshole it worked
perfectly
it worked we had the most intellectual
discussion about a film that we have
ever had on the best of the worst I knew
were bombed I was so bummed and then I
was bombed enough to go you know what
fucking I'm gonna drink more during the
discussion just so I'm as drunk as
fucking possible because now that's the
bit jack is drunk fuck everything else
so I drank way more than I was expecting
to even after saying oh I'm gonna drink
a little bit tonight
yeah I feel like ass today I feel
terrible and slow and I had the long
drive today and I didn't sleep well and
so we're just we're not running a
hundred percent right now because mike
is a dickhead and I guess what I'm
saying okay we all love drunk jack no no
this was you don't know drunk Jack you
know tipsy Jack this was drunk
Jack hey you weren't you weren't so out
of it that you couldn't have a
discussion though they weren't that
wasted I don't I had a lot to dig but
you were able to have a conversation I
don't know if I did a good job okay
great we did great great we we pwned
noted film critic Jay Bowman we did we
totally and some guy with a beard we
fucking posted by the way by the way we
won't we won't spoil the movies but Jay
Jay and Josh sure I like this movie is
terrible
and rich and I were like actually this
movie wasn't that bad and here's a list
of reasons why using evidence from the
actual film and they were they were
stumped that's exactly what I'm worried
about
I'm that's exactly what I'm worried
about that that's gonna be my coat like
in my head I'm like well if you look at
this frame you can clearly see that the
filmmaker was attempting to do something
symbolically and on camera you guys saw
the thing fucking you know I'm so that's
why I don't like being that drunk for
best of the worst and you know and Jay
is editing it know specifically Jay is
editing this run and that's a huge
problem he's gonna he's gonna just edit
it just jack longer splits mean yes
press ENTER on player harlock's input
method I will be this one okay you press
Enter
what you press enter on the keyboard or
something so yeah that's what I'm
worried about and I'm feeling it today
and I'm not feeling great I do I mean
but hopefully it's a fun episode that's
all that matters and you know I bet
it'll be a fun episode yeah I think it's
gonna be a fun episode good that's all
that really matters
oh let's see here where were we when can
you be expecting this Jim all I had to
guess I don't know October 31st I I
would say ish I would say some sort of
Halloween ish way let's start again yeah
yes there for me
Wow let's see here
Lord Belmont says hey friends I would be
it wasn't I think I want you to take the
lead because you have a controller
that's true option it's probably not
options return to main menu yeah
I'd be ecstatic if you played the 7th
guest later this month in honor of
Halloween also Jay would love until dawn
we we will get seven guests I'm just
gonna shit all over it like I did with
vampire the masquerade that is uh that
is very possible to the right and newer
okay so local split-screen yes I would
be placed in offline oh well okay now
now new normal that's what I've been
playing in I don't know what you've been
playing in or it isn't normal
every Jason acts we've already filmed it
well it's too late to suggest the
Halloween movies were doing now we've
we've we've done them net went when it
comes to next year start requesting like
late September early October but we
should be able to hear this
oh yeah you need to hear well just just
a little bit just don't people saying
don't think you know pew pew pew pew pew
pew
can they hear it I don't think they can
hear it rich there's no there's no audio
coming through I don't know why I'm
sorry
I don't know how to fix this great way
we have changed we changed something
like what source it was using it's a
weird way there we go
now turn it down a little bit okay great
great great guy yeah we're working on
the game why you paused Oh cuz you're
you all tab down should be back in okay
which one am I you're 2000 I hate oh
yeah it's been a while since I've like
done split screen okay I'm top of your
bottom I'm top of britches bottom
options No whoa you know what Harold
what mouse settings key bindings yeah
just go the WASD I guess okay all right
just escape oh it's a down on yours
actually have to go to resume mail
actually you know what here yeah yeah
yeah Oh key binding this I'm just gonna
do this real quick oh sure okay I go to
my oh I can't go to my options I will
turn on the subtitles while rich does
his key bindings boom boom boom great
yeah you do don't you invert what the
controller oh I did my mind's already
inverted so it's fine I think it
remembers my settings which is crazy
which is a like I said I agree that
overall the Microsoft System was that
was a pain in the button but it's kind
of nice because it remembers all my
settings and remote like I like the idea
of not like I would use it very often
but I like the idea of like oh I'm
starting the game on my xbox over here
and I'm finishing it on a computer in
another state that's neat
if meet the same okay ah alright we're
gonna have here uh TC Brady 133 says hey
Statler and warlord Waldorf Statler and
Waldorf sorry I'm so late to the stream
I was great Thank You TC Brady uh
gobbledygook says hey rich isn't it your
birthday soon and speaking of drinking
did you get the Jerry dos Feliz dad a
level feliz dia de los muertos yes we
didn't get that thank you the wonderful
fruit sodas Jerry dos that's all fine
all right okay there we go
oh yeah moving why is the character
moving when I'm not moving all right
you're on the bottom you on the bottom
dog
it's gonna vary over that
ah yeah ah shoot the guys he
shooting that guys shooting that guys
Hey hi I'm shooting here you bastard
thank you
you know what I've always liked the the
little reload thing yeah yeah but if
you're if you're paying attention you
can reload faster that's nice isn't the
Rum Pum usually the same as the cover
button uh it is for me you have to hold
the download
isn't it early everybody this from me
nuts ok number I'm take her is Jack
shooting the guys yeah I was shooting
the guys it was gray like I'm gonna
shoot the guys I'm the guy shooter
that's what they call me the guy shoot
they'd take oh those can be the same
button yeah that's why I'm improbable
trouble alright alright No alright that
was so weird
I'm used to gears having the everything
button I guess you can invite it so it's
not the everything button you can do
whatever you want to do boom where are
you
that's right right there good to see if
I could I did I'm the freaking I'm the
freaking prereq gravy train Jack what
not you just your character
I'd never shoot you unless you really
piss me off then I think about it then I
think about a Gears of War inspired
theoretical fights yes either one I
would rather play vanquish to beg which
is an excellent cover based cover based
shooter that encouraged you to almost
never use cover yes it is a little yes
the PC version has split screen it is
it's a little tough playing this after
playing doom yeah
this gym is so much better because Doom
is like so much better at everything
and even though it doesn't say a fucking
word and also has a more interesting
main character yep you're already doing
it I'm Way ahead of you jacket way shit
way ahead of you that's fun
Gears of War inspired theoretical fights
who wins
Tarzan vs 50 zombies Tarzan 50 zombies
Tarzan he's up in the trees mother 50
zombies zombies can't climb trees no but
wait Tarzan's asshole stands up at the
trees of foods up in the trees final
throw coconuts and cracker crusher man
dead zombies that Tarzan zombies will be
flip see shit um
hit the button jack hit the button uh oh
shit sorry oh setting is Wisconsin and
Tarzan knows of zombies constant then
zombies winner if Tarzan doesn't have
all the trees to swing around in in the
jungle then he's fucked that's his
that's his superpower he has all the
trees what season is it if it's winter
Tarzan wins easily if he's smart enough
to wear a coat presumably Tarzan would
figure out where cook presumably yeah
he's got problems if he wants to run
around naked in the snow but it looks
like if it's February Tarzan in a
landslide victory over zombies we will
be frozen solemn right
and did open up on come on so yeah
season is important but I think like he
loses so much of his tree he won't need
it in the winter advantage in Wisconsin
won't need it he just has to walk up to
a frozen solid zombie and hit it that's
can it will shatter he's good guys or
bad guys
boom explosions boom hold on wait I'm
hurt I need to just hang out and cover
for a little bit and there we go oh I'm
coming I'm coming up for someone else
gotcha oh shit I'm down too rich I'm
down - yeah that's great that's great
I'm fine okay
I got this I got this I know it's up
grade I can't do shit
I can do shit rich let's look at this
oh you guys are my team David in David
and no people says hey guys first tip
and hopefully more to come question what
is the most fucked up video you have
gotten lol streudel my noodle most
fucked up video we've gotten no you've
seen all the ones we've watched it's
true what do you think the most
fucked-up one is probably the the
hypnosis rape one yeah that one's pretty
fucked up use the turret
we've walked all the exploding barrels
around oh it's uh it's very possible
hey things explode I like it you know
when you shoot things and things explode
holy shit my cover
yeah hit the Elsa the revenge video is
really fucked up no that one's great
that's fucked up man oh shit oh is that
you hold on I'm coming I'm coming
gonna die yourself why don't you take
cover nope I'm dead
well I'm not then don't worry
we did it
TCE Brady 1 3 3 Jack my last no donation
was not true it was a reference to the
new best of the worst
oh ok sorry we filmed that months ago at
this point and and also I it was delayed
due to Mike working on the the Star Wars
video deployed also I was not there to
film that and I haven't seen it yet
because it came out today and I was I
was out today and so what TC Brady said
is I I'm sorry I'm so like this dream I
was wanking and choking myself with a
bionic arm fuck my vaginal fat fold
which I just thought was a weird thing
that they were saying and so I decided
not to read it but apparently that is a
reference to the best of the worst
episode no the fat fold the today no
choking Wesley's ones from I'm wanking
and choking myself with a bionic arm
oh uh future die for Skyy oh I didn't
see that no there you go so basically
what's happening in the story of Gears
of War right now is this is the lady
who's in charge of the the new world and
she's recounting all of the heroics of
the past and that's what they're using
as a tutorial and a recap yeah a
tutorial and recap is all the heroics in
the past so he plays these different
people for all the different gears games
we're just fine
boys gonna need protection
yeah that's what I only shocked oh that
one I didn't have it equipped and I
wanted him
soldier secure that hammer we've got the
hammer
and help me thank you blow up the alien
and blow up the alien blow up the alien
I don't have I'm out of aliens is what
bitch that's good that's good
that's what yeah oh here they come oh
shit
that
right there okay all right so uh what's
gonna what's happening blowing up things
having a great time great sure are you
on our team
oh yeah
whoa Lucia I wanna pawn shop
I would like a moon shot - that sounds
like it would be a fun weapon plus we
got over here I'm just gonna be over
here while you take care of that turn
otherwise is theoretical or Gears of War
inspired theoretical battle setting
Forrest Batman which is no bad car plane
or sub versus transformer Optimus Prime
what people say the weirdest fucking
shit yeah also like what
hey you
gotcha we got you
fellow cog we have you
whoa whoa net who dead yes in yo face in
you is this an ironic unfunny Starship
Troopers kind of uh out of curiosity I
did notice that was I was at the target
the other day and they had the the gears
1 through 3 HD remaster yeah so I did
purchase that as I would like to play a
little bit of the first gears again I'd
like to play it on PC they got the first
one on PCs I have two and three oh okay
you know like just to play a little bit
of it just to cuz I remember really like
it's the same thing and it's the same
thing just with Marcus Peter was instead
of characters weren't awful right and
that's what I think that's what I
remember yeah I remember shooting the
aliens with Marcus Marcus Fenix I don't
really remember possibly in like the
second game better enemy types more
varied anytime at least so far but I'm
played the campaign no I'm gonna help
them
years and fears oh god what a horrible
accent Jay saw you buy yeah get out
there Wow comes now
also do you have any chimneys to sweep
let me know what the hell are you I'm up
the stairs already where are you
what stairs there's stairs what stairs
oh shit there's stairs man there's just
a wall they go oh ladder there's stairs
or ladders sorry yeah you're right
shooting aliens
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo oh my god I hate her
so much
are you blowing me buy me you know that
is control and I need any way to get the
biscuits wrong
get the moon I don't go I'm going I'm
going hard I'm going part nope then do
it you give me some help
yeah it tastes my chainsaw bitch I like
I always like are you I'm on the other
side already
no where are you shit
fall down a lot no cities cuz I want to
change how this guy and I'm not worrying
about shooting him cuz I love chains on
people that's so much fun
we'll have a big trip huh Victoria oh I
should I use that huh I don't think it
really matters though this is just you
know little balls that are coming up huh
they're climbing up
oh sure but I think this is like one of
those this yeah it's just we don't need
to go on the third story could still
survive just a showpiece just a
showpiece
oh yeah
yeah that's part of like action fatigue
of this is I'll take this over
unchartered any fucking day of the
goddamn week because it go oh Jesus
Christ this is actually a motherfucking
game well that's a whole different
argument man I'll take a lot over gear
or over uncharted I'll take a whole lot
over uncharted let's see here game child
ooh cases finally washed each tar on
Friday honestly it's pretty mediocre
film like Jay said I'm stream a little
while ago the parts I anticipated and
laughed at were parts from the trailer
thanks our alum that was my favorite
part of the gate reviews I won't call
back
I haven't yet you ain't seen the review
now oh well then I won't tell you what
the callback is baby Yaga la la
PlayStation VR is amazing the Batman VR
game is an incredible experience
hopefully you guys will get the chance
to try something hopefully I can only
have I can only hope
Oh God
what's wrong justjust just struggling
with every fiber of my being to keep my
eyes open are you predicting a short
stream I don't know we're gonna hope I'm
what I'm really hoping is my adrenalin
picks up and I become a little loopy
yeah yeah which is what I think is gonna
happen God look at him look at him oh
sorry wait give him a second because of
the symbolism rich visual symbolism
uh-huh some boggle what the human race
how we change we change and we evolved
due to harsh conditions I think it's
supposed to be oh it's also about the
locusts - man it changed its fine
symbolism look I'm more concerned about
the shitty characters who were just
bland
we're Nathan flake we have Nathan flake
we have Nathan flake and black guy and
ethnic girl and ethnic girl really just
girl her ethnicity has nothing to do
with her character and we have and we
have drunk man with beard Han bozo black
guy girl and drunk
who would want in a fight jack or a beer
the beer isn't one of his favorite
brands but it's okay and it's across the
room this is a ton of mousetrap so wait
do I win if I drink the beer or does the
beer win if I drink the beer I don't
know when
then I win okay great thoughts on you e
bowls interesting approach to directing
video game movies I have never seen
everything about in his films and you
shouldn't either
that's their tech scam I'm sure they're
terrible the tax scams why would you
watch them you don't need to you don't
need to think about it you don't need to
watch him I don't even think he's made a
movie about a game I care about some
double reason not to wash they Bowl yeah
yep where'd he do who leave a bowl he
did a postal movie yeah don't care he
did did he do the blood rain movies I
want to say no and he and that's all the
movies I could name that I think he did
investment scams rich get it right oh
sure yeah like a producers ask we sell
the people and then make a bomb so who
are you I'm oh your girl Am I I'm not
doing anything right now huh
I'm currently not able to do anything
look it's it's on me look at that look
at this what is it that you're gonna
this is locked on me
look at this I see don't shoot me oh
wait now you're out of it okay now it
now can you run I'm jet my hands are up
in the air yeah but can you move now you
know you're no longer focused on me yeah
okay now you can now wait that is so I
am you can't move there we go oh that
was weird
why was she focused on you I don't know
hey head for that crate
yeah this part this is forced the
extreme weather and the lightning this
is this is some uncharted bullshit right
here yeah the fake sense of this isn't
like the whole game like oh right I'm
not I'm not terribly down on the game so
far I'm very down on the characters
charters nothing but that right and I'm
very down on the pacing I think the
pacing is a little off
any thoughts on shin Godzilla just saw
yesterday I'm excited to see it
I like old Godzilla movies but I haven't
seen it I don't get out much
this is our first time playing it on
stream we've we both played it a little
bit yeah and we're doing co-op on
streaming yeah test up the co-op just
stop the cap let's see here
you know you good dudes never got past
massive uncharted 4 to Tori right for
four hours four hours in six-hour game
yep bite my ass rich what you yell aids
and oh my god and people think it's
funny yeah however do you think it's
funny
yes I wouldn't do it great also the
recent best the worst episode looked
like some really fucking awful movies
yeah there were but what I'm so awful it
apparently it nearly completely erased
itself from my brain but by the way
that's the point of the show I don't
know I don't know like how a lot of
people like make that comment like man
those movie seems really bad it's like
that's we try to find
bad movies and watch them we don't wait
a gem last night we did we did we I mean
we had at one we had a gem yeah - we had
not a bad movie Oh No
so no no what I'm saying is two out of
the three were pretty alright the one
the one was something special
no it wasn't well really wasn't as far
as badness but then the two the two was
great and then the furry was all right I
don't want to spoil it for you people
can you I was unable to run yet oh whoa
oh god i teleported rich really because
you went through you went through the
tunnel i teleported god damnit game we
gotta be I'm gonna try to be far behind
see if I teleport again I'll watch your
back I'll watch your six okay
by the way Jack I don't know how I feel
about being a character that is pretty
likely going to be your love interests
hey I gotta say oh because your girl
yeah
yeah I got some very bad feelings about
that it's very likely that you'll be my
love interest but it hasn't happened yet
then you say it but you say it Jack I'm
sorry yeah I'm just gonna check out over
here you kick down that door let me see
if i teleport no teleported
well there we go
and I teleported don't be so homophobic
how's that homophobic which is saying
he's not sexually attracted to me yes
that's that's robic that's just called
not being a homosexual there's a
difference you know there's a difference
and like one it's not being homosexual -
it's not really surprising come on
rich has taste rich s and rich has taste
and standards so let's be honest oh
whatever doesn't matter did you I'm just
making jokes about the love interest can
I switch characters can you I'm gonna
I'm going to assume somebody has to be
Nathan flame Oh probably you could be
Nathan flake I'll be the girl I being a
girl
great so they know we're here
yeah I'll get you far I don't need the
sam'l oh yeah okay charge ahead okay
nope I think I went the wrong way
totally what the wrong way
great I'm here go ahead I got your six
don't worry there's nothing back here
but those guys
whoa hey dickhead now let's see here one
thing I will give Gears of War props for
they still offer split split screen
co-op in 2016
yeah yeah and you know what that's nice
oh you gotta you go you know what that
is very nice and Stedman stem and head
cuz you know that works stabbing a robot
in the head well it's microprocessor
there I don't know why it would that's a
silly place to put it you can put it on
the world protected chest cavity but in
fact why would you need a head why would
you need a head right now you know maybe
you want them to look human because like
that that inspires confidence in in
citizens you know like as a police force
as a protection force these things
most games seem to have gutted it as a
PC gamer it's one of the few things
consoles have over pcs at the moment I
mean like I agree I would love some more
split-screen co-op it's one of the
things consoles have it Rapinoe we're
playing this on PC right we are playing
this on a pc currently yes and this is
Windows 10 and there are a lot of PC
games that do have same screen co-op we
played that uh that really fun ascension
game that was the one where we like had
arrows something ascension towerfall oh
yeah towerfall ascension that was fun
that was a fun game after doom doesn't
this whole regenerating health thing
feel like this shit oh god no like
what's worse than bullshit it feels
cheap yeah it does it does I'm playing
for 4 hours ok I'll sit for hours sure
died once yeah yeah and I've died a few
times as we get later on as we get into
different enemy types I've died but like
it never feel like the victories never
feel earned it's always just like oh
this time I knew to wait a little bit
longer but there are moments where you
think I did some cool shit sometimes
that's the point yeah sometimes I feel
like I did cool shit hold on I need some
ammo
here we go
ammo for my gun there oh whoa hi I
forgot teleporters again I'm sorry I'm
just racing ahead
no and that's fine to get to the point
it's great it's just momentarily very
confusing
really
right
No
robutts
and you know what robots just aren't as
fun to fight as a lines as alien
monsters that's just a fact it's more
fun it's more fun to slice up aliens
than it is to shoot robots
tintin tintin tintin tintin tintin
tintin tintin
what orders oh those things
mutters doors I think the things Jack
put the ball at the balls oh shit we got
balls with that who dat who dat oh shit
Lou they can get away with more Gore
with robots no you have no Gore with
robots I don't know if that was a joke
or if that was like trying to say that
like they're like Robo blood is door
that might have been a joke that sounds
a lot like a joke
and that jump over that jump over that
fire and I'm not gonna Amal for the
stupid gum yeah great what gun do you
have the sniper rifle you can get ammo
here in this thing yeah they got a
animal from there didn't refill the
sniper rifle yeah I'm sorry
let's see here bot space cop says
anonymous and watch it listen to the
commentary thought it was interesting
interesting who was involved with the
writing editing the scripts and does rlm
have another full feature in the works
you know we all talked about the film
was gonna have micro the script yeah
yeah but we all brainstormed and by all
you mean you Jane mostly me jmi yes yeah
yeah so I'm like as far as like editing
the script goes I don't know if there
was like an official like like I don't I
can't imagine like the folks they you
guys wrote the full script and then like
showed it to someone to be a you know
halo would you do like that you didn't
get notes on it or nothing right yeah
because you know he's making as far as
your other feature in the works not not
at the moment
mmm-hmm not to say there won't be ever
but not at the moment is that way
do I even brainstorm you know like a lot
of times when I mean I brainstorm when
I'm on set yeah but I don't like I'm not
involved in any of the writing writing
but a lot of times oh yeah if I'm on set
it's like oh this is the bit we're
thinking about doing and I'll try to add
in where I feel it's acceptable I think
I think it was I was part of the
brainstorm session for the Len as stunt
double bit in space Scott yeah which i
think is a fine bit like and and you
know like we knew that Len was coming
into town and we knew they knew that
they wanted to get him in space cop and
so there was a brainstorm session as far
as like how can we fit Len into the
movie and I want to say I might have
thrown out the idea to have him be the
obvious stunt double well Jack now this
that hold bits been ruined why
let's not everyone's seen the film it's
been out long enough you know what it's
been out fucking long enough we're
talking about it
they've had that they've had their
they've had their spoiler chance rich
I'm by the way because you don't really
die you can pretty much get picked up
yeah someone I'd take more chances than
I know I should yeah I'll be fine
oh yeah yeah like I said later on you
run into one enemy in particular that is
almost an insta-kill and so you have to
actually play it a little carefully I
demand my future money back I'm sorry
I'm sorry if I if I've spoiled it for
anyone I've spoiled one joke for you and
then there's like there's a little bit
at the end of that scene that I helped
brainstorm kind of me you know the
ending to that so it's like here and
there but only when I'm on set
whoa
a lot of bullets for like my gun that
actually does damage at a distance these
little machine gun things aren't bad
yeah I use my handgun for a little bit
good for some headshots
there we go to hear a jack they cut your
best improv when you were blowing on the
oh yeah oh yeah well that's the other
thing is like when when I'm acting and
stuff like I'll improvise a lot and yeah
there was a ton of improv when I was the
the deaf alien oh yeah yeah just and you
know it was it was funny so they kept
rolling on a lot of it that's all on the
DVD though which you know that's not
wasted no yeah it's it's that's good
bonus material the the other bit is the
the patent bit the person you hear
off-camera is me and and so you know
like Mike wrote the script but then
patent wanted to riff a little bit yeah
and you know as when we said no are we
absolutely not absolutely not we think
we know better than you yeah but you
know so we were there and you know Mike
and Jay were directing and I was just
kind of there because I was the the
in-between between him and Funny or Die
where we shot it and he started like
riffing as if he wanted someone to
bounce off of and no one was kind of
jumping on it so I like I started
riffing with him and said like all the
stuff at postscript is just me and him
bouncing off of each other so there's
and those are the two the three parts of
space cap that I had any involvement in
writing I actively tried to get Mike to
change the script for the patent bin
yeah because because I thought it was a
horrible bad joke for anyone who's seen
space cup everyone thought that was a
bad joke yes except for Mike except for
Mike and so we're printing out the
script the day before we meet patent and
it's the first time I've read it and I
say Mike this is this isn't the bit and
he goes no this is hilarious this is
this is it this is the bit I said no
that's a horrible joke that is that's
gonna be embarrassing and he's like no
Patton's gonna make it work and it's
like Mike can we think of maybe an
alternative like just something else
just in case this doesn't work in
editing because I think this is a really
bad joke Oh Mike's like nope
this is the joke this new subscriber yes
that that joke I actively tried to push
Mike against not using that joke
everyone hated me
everyone everyone hated it Patton
wouldn't when he first came up with that
I'm really I don't
yeah like I'm the set for my end we shot
my my half of that first right Jayde you
know sir I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
terrible it's terrible I'm gonna do it
but you know we're not gonna use that
Jay right right
the the Patton rich back and forth joke
in Space Camp
it's a terrible joke and you know Patton
is a professional and a good comedian
and he does sell it a bit like and he
went full hog with that joke Wow
which is great was he let down when he
read that no like you know he read this
great he read the script what you read
you know two minutes before we put him
on camera yeah he read the script and
he's like oh yeah I get what you'd like
he understood the joke right away he
understood what Mike was going for and
he's a professional this is the script
I'm gonna read the script and make it as
funny as possible yeah there is no
bickering because he's a goddamn
professional what are we going what do
you think oh yeah but not this way
oh wait oh yeah he did his best what
joke if you've seen space cop
I guess I've already ruined one bit so I
might as well ruin this one
there's a back-and-forth with patent and
rich in which rich says can you hear me
now
like the Verizon guy used to say in
those commercials that are eight years
old at this point and and patent starts
laughing like oh I remember that and
then rich goes was in Pavan there's a
little back and forth and the punchline
is those jokes never get old but they
they completely do and I thought it was
a really a really bad joke but you know
at the end of the day not my call I did
my part I spoke out against it
and that's all you can do that's all I
could do at that point did we miss your
tip no we just hate you we chose which
is not to read it yeah we've been
actively not reading you're a jerk
thank god damn it give me up I've got to
bounce slightly differently that I
haven't home
oh sure mess something up but I don't
feel like pausing sure the game again -
stop it
house I'm convinced I hit you up first
since my pardon not if you died I guess
I'm getting up we both blow up now I can
think I was close I can take a hit I
could take the hit
uh let's see here about space cap yep
anonymous jacket rich have you guys ever
played and as he still here bet that was
cool and ylim by Patrick why is he still
here that's so that's when it started
the ad-lib yeah is it oh god he's still
here what's he doing there and like
that's what I like I felt like he was
asking for a little back and forth yeah
yeah I know how do I turn this up so you
have to swipe swipe the screen you just
wipe off the screen yeah swipe the
screen oh god I can't believe he still I
mean I'm just gonna walk away do you
think he's gonna move how sad yeah
that's great all great all great
oh great COO that all right all right
just gonna have them over here I think
they come off from different places
sooner or later weapon out
I miss the tip hold on
Oh chef wasting bolts
wasting goddamn bullets
for the worst robot design ever are they
are they the least interesting looking
robot you've ever seen yes yeah it's
kind of bland vaguely human looking
nothing necessarily fun or interesting a
fun robotic walking animation they walk
like normal people yeah

[Part II]
the mouse no longer works and I don't
know why no no no this game of so yeah
you know it's it gets it gets acceptable
well yeah like like all the gears games
I've been playing for a few hours and it
started to get gooder yeah
picks up a lot with Marcus shows up yeah
but then you're also like man I want to
be Marcus as you want because Nathan
flake is a terrible character yeah
well amount of long-range weapons you
can use it down here where are the guys
still where two guys oh yeah
good great great oh wait so what tip did
I miss I don't know hold on finally why
sure sure don't forget this oh don't
forget the stand-up timer rich please
humor me long day at work Gears of War
inspired theoretical battle settings
Chicago Aquaman vs sharknado think about
it what Chicago Aquaman Chicago Aquaman
versus what's Chicago Aquaman how is
that different from Aquaman I have no
idea oh yeah I missed a couple of them
jack is on top rich is on bottom of the
screen I am girl
I understand jerkwad that you were
probably being a little cheeky or asking
that but whatever what do they say who's
the top and who's the bottom so you know
I get it rich if you had to be one
non-human animal what what would you
choose to be your last meal movie and
drink before you were forcibly turned
against you well great riches in
answering that he's sick of that and I
think that was all of them great all
right I did miss a couple tips sorry
about that they they scrolled past and I
didn't notice and you know mistakes were
made
but at least we could get through this
together how do you tell Chicago walkman
from regular Aquaman right
Chicago Aquaman I guess would have less
real estate for power
you know like wish again is pretty big
yeah but I feel like there's not a lot
of like Michigan touching special
category just in Illinois there's a lot
of Lake Michigan touching Chicago yeah
we're not talking about Illinois Aquaman
we're talking about Chicago Aquaman yeah
I guess what can I come and do outside
of the water strong Superman I guess
because I don't know
bye bye huh when when the train came and
killed and then Nathan flake goes ha ha
bye
smooth witty yeah the wrong character
for this kind of game you know just all
those things what do I think of WWE
Aquaman from Justice League Snyder
vision I think this ain't your daddy's
Aquaman baby they're doing a new duty to
do aw he's a drinker yeah you know
saying your dad's Aquaman implies that
your dad liked Aquaman what your dad
probably did not like aqua nobody liked
soccer yeah nobody likes Aquaman Aquaman
is this isn't your father's Aquaman
because your father didn't have one
because nobody fucking likes Aquaman
Aquaman is such a joke it was the entire
like it was three seasons worth of jokes
from from that one was that awful what's
that awful show guys just the worst oh
yeah when they come after an explosion
yes yeah there's heart being interesting
and fun no they're not again if they're
not good-looking robots not even
visually just from a gameplay they just
slow bullet sponges this whole faction
is just awful and it's the start of the
game you get hours of these fuckers and
it's it's the worst it's the worst thing
thank you
you do to do to do bow bow
do-do-do-do-do-do-do like that song now
that's a good son six direct shots from
my shotgun because I think this guy down
there obnoxious
now get an overkill yeah what was the
show what was the show about the
Hollywood douchebag and his crew
entourage do you ever like it was a 2
season long joke that that the guy the
the lead of that was getting his own
superhero movie there was the Aquaman
movie and they chose the Aquaman movie
because the producers of Entourage said
well they're never ever going to make an
Aquaman movie so this will just be a
great joy yeah
wow that was fun
yeah these first levels suck like hard
core my other shotgun go I picked up
this stupid double shotgun I think it's
stupid that's fine just doesn't have
doesn't a lot of bullets yeah that's the
problem
they are gonna make a knock from a movie
they just they just released the picture
of Lady Aquagirl
Oh teleport I don't know I guess maybe
she could be from the Justice League
movie she might not necessarily get
everybody they say they're making an
Aquaman movie we'll see how the Justice
League Wonder Woman ha ha betcha
prepares I don't I don't care just don't
care about anything or anyone
we'll never be free of it No
never will
well you know it's just of everything
he'll never be free of bad movies you'll
never be free of mediocre movies you'll
never be free of Hollywood movies which
is fine all right
some of our
okay we're doing that you're doing that
who's shooting
where's this robot where to funk is this
robot I just shot one Oh
yeah but then more gun and then fucking
Morcom know there are funner enemies to
fight I wouldn't mind so much these guys
are all stupid pants yeah their pants
are is to help me drunk man
help me drunk man again I love it that
you know after they knock you down they
completely ignore you it's fine
well it's fine because you know like I
like living but
you would think come on Bell it's like
some bullets gang ammo over here ammo
boxes sometimes ammo boxes laying around
why'd you buy some on the box cuz you're
moving in I'm not moving in
how to move the box I'm coming I'm
coming
race you can't use it alright
rich what what nope I'm sorry the blue
blaze says after seeing Jax transitioned
from controller to mouse keyboard I've
recently done the same I don't know how
I've been playing that long yeah playing
like that for so long
here's two bucks for helping me see the
light I feel like I'm improve the world
you have I can't like you know I as you
guys know like overwatch I was gonna say
we but really it's been most its you
know you've been pushing and you know
like I think ever a lot of people were
just like over it you're pushing a
little too hard
but no it's so you guys know how much I
play overwatch and I love overwatch and
I just can't I can't even remember and
you know like now I'm playing this game
with a controller again and it's like
yeah why didn't you buy the Xbox very
new schmuck well my thought was my
thought was twofold uh-huh one I knew
you were playing the PC version so then
me playing the Xbox version gives us
another option to talk about the
difference you don't know how much I
want to bitch about the Windows Store
but you can ah you can still bitch about
it I need you there with me Jack I need
you there with me I'm always there at
the ridge so one I wanted to give us
something different to talk about - I
figured this was going to be a lot like
recore in which it was designed with a
controller um I know it's got shooting
I'm just a no auto aim this was my
thought going in yeah okay
okay and so in my head it's like oh I'm
gonna be playing this on a with a
controller anyway I might as well buy it
for the Xbox and here's another thing I
thought to myself is you know my
internet at home is not the greatest
internet and I know the download what's
that what's the download for this game
days well I mean it's like barely
exaggerating it II 80 gigs is an 80 gig
download for this game and I thought to
myself fuck man it's gonna take me days
to download it yeah so I'd rather buy a
disc you know so that's that's for Xbox
that's firm of course what I didn't
under what I didn't remember is that
with Xbox one you have to install the
game so whether you have a disk or not
doesn't fucking matter mm-hmm because it
takes the information from the disk it
still took four hours to fucking install
the game you know what the shotgun is
not as effective as it should be but how
much all I'm throwing out there oh god
these enemies are the worst yep there
get the average so and it sucks like
playing a shooter with this dumb clunky
controller just sucks you can't aim it's
it's terrible and I I don't know how I
did it for so long and I don't know how
I defended it for so long now that I'm
on the other side you know and I
understand it's my credit I always said
Jack play it the way you want right I
explained that my way was better
oh sure what if you're more comfortable
that's fine
absolutely and you know a lot of it for
me was comfort like holding the
controller still is more comfortable
than a mouse and keyboard for me I'm
perfectly comfortable I'm not the mouse
mm-hmm yeah and the keyboard is it was
the largest problem but you know for
overwatch I got my little nunchuck thing
and everything whoa hello
teleporting him god damn it sniper rifle
hanging out around here somewhere you
know what fuck it I'm just gonna run up
a sheet with shotgun all right I'm done
with that
so yeah I like I guess I'm a little
disappointed with my xbox one purchase
this this would probably be a better
game to play with the mouse and keyboard
because you can shoot a name but when
I'm done playing it I can always return
it to Game Stop and get some sort of
game credit for another game which you
know what hey hey oh he took I was about
to buy some some bullets oh the
fabricator oh let's see here there's
bullets there by the crane lord Belmont
rich says I don't rich I don't care if
you shit on the 7th guest I just care
that you play it it would make me really
happy we will see we will see lower
Belmont I can't use the chainsaw I don't
have it you don't get that - like
halfway through the fucking game where
I'm pointing
oh you're gonna run you got it
how did you do it already yeah
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo blanking flanken
excellent flank shit not excellent flank
excellent flank these ran behind him
they're too busy with you well where'd
you come from
Oh snipers I'll be out thank you
i doo doo doo doo I guess bullets in the
future are like paintballs you take so
many hits it's ridiculous yes
can't tell you what I despise about
here's a sigil specifically the multiply
oh yeah it's not a problem really on the
singleplayer machine-gun bullets are
nothing yeah firstly because of the heel
try to shoot somebody from a distance
minute they get hit once or twice they
just dive behind cover in the heel and
your machine-gun assault rifle is
worthless and the whole fucking
multiplayer devolves into running around
with shotguns yeah
yeah it's it's all shocking you know
what we're getting rid of the fucking
health regen yeah we'd go a long way
towards solving that problem cuz you
could attack chuck them off a little bit
from the distance oh gee oh no and like
that like then you could strategically
place health packs throughout the map
like that that adds a whole nother
strategy leveling of and level design
fun uh-huh
both come axion and poop dick want to
know what we feel about the game so far
is it is the game any good or would you
rather watch mr. Plunkett talk about cop
dog is gears good or would you rather
watch mr. Plunkett talk about cop dog
von Neumann standard if you played the
other gears you know you're getting it's
not terrible
it's yeah I'd rather play doom oh god
yeah
it's not terrible it's it's off-putting
that you're playing a Gears game and
you're not Marcus Fenix that was a big
part of the fun of Gears is being the
main character someone I don't want to
be right well and it's like Marcus
someone when he's in your party yeah
it's just it just salt the woods it is
and he's like he's he's mister he's mr.
commando he's the fun military I just
wanna just a standard 80s action hero
yes yes yes this is slightly funnier
Rambo I credit most of that to John
DiMaggio yep who knows how to play a
character like that and have it be fun
yes he doesn't take it too seriously and
that comes across and he doesn't play it
like a complete joke either
somewhere finds a balance ooh everyone
we're playing here is very very serious
except for a Drake Nathan what are you
going
they're just not very interesting
heck hexa not guess one heck froze
burgers in the game yeah I know you know
get the players emits kind of horrible
that's literally what rich just said is
yeah he's in your team get to be the guy
you want to be that's a big problem
excuse me kind of you know putting the
fabricator someplace we can use it
everything we have is here let's hope
it's enough
go on inside yeah there's a lot of
characters cracking jokes in this and
it's not it's just a just a logistic
characters I don't knows just doesn't
work your sidekick black guy is just
he's a guy he's a guy the other one is
girl and she will probably be love
interest but she's not terribly exciting
and then Nathan flake is just kind of
obnoxious yeah yeah also like I know you
you haven't gotten this far yet but the
way the the story of the game your
motivation for destroying you know like
in in Gears of War what was what was
your motivation for destroying the
aliens exactly boom super simple right
yeah your mission is to destroy all
aliens fucking just like doom what's
your mission kill all the fucking demons
it's so simple it's so easy here they
try to tack on this extra layer of
characterization and it doesn't work
look at the end of that what matters is
a fun shooting of things right oh sure
but like I guess what matters I think
that's what makes some of Gears one fun
to shoot things is that would make
that's what would make me want to play
Gears one or two over rush porn but
still I can't I can't was terrible this
is terrible and it's fine oh I did say
was terrible I'm sure it's fine I don't
like it
I'm saying it I'm saying there are
things that Gears did well that gears
for is not doing well specifically no
boy Mike Trapp over here wow you could
have bought the expensive one that slows
them down worth a damn this one's those
about that oh this is the only one I can
buy they don't like they don't let you
buy the the v2 one yes later huh yes
they do did they I just bought the one
that's nearly as expensive no you have a
turret yeah I grabbed the other one the
other one that slows things down there's
5,000 deterrence or something I don't
know whatever whatever it's all fine
yeah that's right Chad Orcs Must Die
Jack Jack needs to listen to me when it
comes to these things what that I need
to play orcs most a this kind of like
tower defense oh but I see here's the
thing I hate this part of the Year
scheme it probably works better in orcs
a game that was meant for it but you put
this shit cuz they're gonna come through
that door so you put it right here and
then you get a nice funnel to shoot it
down at all of them or where are you
gonna put it the planes just drop them
yeah anywhere in that field Jack there's
a door they come through the door I
don't remember it was a while here like
three of them I don't remember rich
where do you want it to be that's fine
no where do you want it to be I you know
what Jack what it's fine
is it it's fine would you like it I
think you should put it where you were
going to put it here I'll put it where
you were going I was going to put it
right here
I think that's a fine place for it
they're gonna come walk over this and
then we're gonna shoot at them we're
gonna shoot down from here where we have
some nice cover and then like boom boom
boom boom boom shoot you easy peasy easy
peasy lemon squeezy I could use a little
yeah and you know what I asked you for
your employment you decided to be sassy
instead of instead of giving me actual
Android you wanted to be mr. sassafras
entertainment value
oh damn it what I shot just over a spot
yeah let's wavefront
give me some more bullets no there's
more you have more bullets huh
it doesn't want to have open once I
can't refill this the sniper rifle no I
have it
why I even have it you get five shots so
you're gonna forget I don't get it
huh
yep that'll do
right or left let's add
or right side tire I'm at the right time
why what's up I was gonna kind of help
oh look like they were coming in yeah
there was one chasing you you fortify
this time alright alright yeah you show
me where the good shit is no defense
like a good offense check like that
makes no sense it's a simple concept
offense I just I'm buying a turret yeah
I'm buying a turret
yes I don't get I don't get it - turret
and how would that help I don't
understand jack I don't I don't
understand you I know you yeah but I
don't understand I think it's perfect I
think that's perfect
rich wait nope nope why is the horn load
in story mode because horde mode was
very popular and this is this is a good
ten minutes of gameplay where you don't
need to make different Maps I said you
just built the one area and then you've
got like half an hour of your ten our
running time that's the like the studio
mandate Wells gotta be ten hours
determined length of the length of a
game yep game child UK says last Hillary
/ Trump debate will be on Wednesday
during the stream are you ready for this
no well we did it we did it do we need
to see more debates did we do it is that
really necessary other than for the
spectacle will Donald Trump do next I'm
sure it's great for ratings we did the
last one the last one was on a Sunday
for the stream and it seemed to be fine
for us you know the only thing that
would be interesting I mean you know
what's gonna happen of course the only
one make it interesting is like Hillary
Clinton's human mask falls off during
the debate and then suddenly we all go
oh but she still wins because Donald
Trump's an apple which yeah that's most
likely what would happen
thank you
can you repair this and how do you do it
I don't know
I would love to repair this I don't have
any Craig grenades huh but I don't know
enough about a horde mode to be able to
do it don't worry you're gonna do this
exactly once more
know who's a turret huh that's a good
term minds hurts I guess
it reached the wall watch the left more
DB whew that's not where I wanted to
hear
stop it
there's balls over here I think those
Baltar
folks over here a big pile of moment now
there we go
I haven't taken many bullets my gun does
not have a lot of ammo that it can hold
so I go through a lot
do-do-do-do but I have great um let's
see here born in 1991 always thought
2008 president election would be
monumental one of the monumental one of
my lifetime 2016 is now that is also
true
hey guys his purple-faced bazooka first
rich happy early birthday thank you are
you guys keeping up with ash vs. Evil
Dead if so have you seen the morgue
episode morgue episode is the best thing
ever
yeah I haven't seen the next one I kind
of want to wait and binge the rest
honestly and yeah I haven't actually
seen any of the new season I'll
binge-watch it's a the morgue is the
best thing ever it's the best thing ever
yes okay yeah I'll probably binge once
once they're all out I got so many other
things that I want to watch right now I
just don't have a fuckin time I don't
have time for I supposed to do bed at
the moment oh damn someone coming here
oh yeah
it's up in the air
oh fuck
so I'm gonna be enemies more health I
really wish they just gave us more
enemies to shoot I'm dead serious yeah
yeah yeah I hate that change the shield
have you checked out West world though
I've seen the first episode of West
world and really liked it that's one of
those things that's one of those things
that I'm watching though that means I
don't have time for adversity the bed
fucking with my turret I trying to I
tried to fix it you fuckin with my
turret I moved you turd I moved it I was
trying to fix it but apparently what I
did didn't fix it so I would love some
grenades oh here's some grains great ask
and ye shall receive
I wanted a couple grenades and I got a
couple grenades that's great still
getting through Luke age yes sorry
striker I just did that like that Luke
Cage did not like it never got any
better kept waiting for it to get better
never got any better
okay this might help me go pick up some
eyes only the only one down well looks
like that one that but yeah Westworld
was great that first episode of West
world was super fun very satisfying very
into that let's see here
MC Lucas says have you played in the
classic Resident Evil game no a little
bit I tried it the first one I hated it
I asked because I'm just not a survival
horror guy yeah and I never liked like
residue before I think it's great but
yeah any of the originals I didn't much
care for I understand the purpose of
their life weird camera system but I
never really cared for it so I'd never
played a lot of them
god truckers ain't coming
what am I looking at looking at what do
you think you're supposed to be looking
at probably those guys okay
yeah
shoot the things
shooting all the things fine it's fine
that's what it is rich
that is my compliment and problem with
this fine
have the super gun that hopefully gonna
help and hit the damn thing
okay Jack I did it
great thanks sometimes but you know I
know it's mostly for comedy so it's okay
okay let's see here a lot of some
Technicolor says who the fuck thought it
was a good idea to put robots in a Gears
of War game it's like these new
developers don't understand that the
appeal of the game is shooting and
chainsawing big-ass monsters yes like
that isn't it that's a very true
statement and I mean like what is it
some some of someone just wanted to like
put their stamp on it or like it's got
to be different something's got to be
different and they don't think about
like what they can do to make it
different but still have the same feel
as the original you know it's got to be
different
and yes Chad it is very boring sorry
standard its standard mochi b85 says
what's what's worse playing a shooter
with a controller or playing a shooter
on Mac with a trackpad because the they
the only options I got right now hashtag
frowny face I'm a trackball trackballs
can work sometimes it's like again you
know you're aiming with your thumb and
that's a problem
track the here's the great thing here
here's the double-edged sword about the
trackpad yeah trackpad tracks finger
movement which is great it's insanely
accurate because it's your finger and
you get that same Mouse control but only
even a little bit more because you can
actually like move your finger a little
bit
the only problem is to shoot on a
trackpad you have to push down right so
while you are incredibly accurate you
can't shoot and don't even try to
right-click and do anything so it it
wouldn't be useful what what is better
what trackball or analog stick
bubbly and analog stick check for
accurate same with my butter network
better name with there's only answer
this familiar with the mouse because
you're one of those controller real good
so if they're good forget that I need
your fucking opinion analog stick or
trackball thumb trackball I think I
think with the trackball I I had issues
I have a trackball Mouse okay you had
issues and I had issues there you know
moving it didn't have game because it's
still the thumb there's everyone saying
track ball is more accurate trackball if
you know how to use it
aiming on trackball moving on thumb
stick I'm not a big fan of the trackball
I haven't tried it before as my mask I'm
just curious about it yeah oh it's here
anonymous says Jack and rich have you
guys played at vent rising originally on
the Xbox originally and largely thought
of as a flop I thought it was a hidden
gem sorry I will put it on the list
extreme penguin 82 my little son is
having a blast watching while my wife is
annoyed by my laughing and I'm glad jack
understands mouse and keyboard love you
guys yeah I get it now I get it now and
I'm glad I made I made it there I'm like
you get it no but it's well I guess this
Jenna's not so bad
yeah but for ages it was a pan fun when
they only wanted evolution on the
consoles yeah it's fine
halo Gears of War no oh I can't really
play any of it even vanquished even
though I don't know how that works with
a gamepad it works fucking great yeah
vanquish fucking by the way when it
comes to cover based shooters because
technically speaking vanquishes cover
based it blows fucking gears of wars out
of the goddamn water star Harville says
why hasn't anyone made a controller that
replaces the thright thumb stick with a
trackball wasn't that one of Valve's
early ideas with their steam controller
it was like a trackball
yeah I think so try try it it's not as
good as you think it would be is what
I'll tell you
atomic my strap says the new Doom Patrol
comic was amazing this isn't a
recommendation or anything I just really
I'm really fucking happy its back and
want everyone to know ok great let's see
here you know there is a co-op game that
would bring a beautiful smile to the
faces of the son-of-a-bitch next to you
that game is Raymond and you would love
it
PS the son of a bitch was rich Raymond's
are great
it's on the list of games for us to play
and gobbledygook says hey guys I'm
trying to exercise more and as an
incentive I'm looking for audiobooks so
far I have the Sun diver ready player
one and wool on my list do you have any
other newer sci-fi any other
recommendations I do it but I can tell
you that an audio book that I listened
to recently that I really loved was Dirk
gently's holistic detective agency as
read by oh god what do I was our third
know who wrote Dirk Gently
Douglas Adams thank you I always forget
his name read by Douglas Adams and so it
is a witty British novel read by a witty
British man and it is wonderful that is
a wonderful audio hook can't change the
character I play can you change the
character you play us can do that uh-huh
can you do that if you can and you get
to plays Marcus oh you son of a bitch oh
great yep we can do that hey Jack you
want our job put the rest of this co-op
I'm just playing together how do you
change characters you'd probably in your
options hold on once we start in the
game play again we'll try it
yeah well yeah let's see if I hit hit
start options mature content what color
blusher content what does it default to
uh I'm good I got carded when I bought
this game I bought it at Target that's
stupid right go to your options are then
you reload last checkpoint restart
options no I don't see any options to
change characters there's gotta be a
wedding right yeah
Jack get the long dark teatime of the
soul read by Douglas Adams it's even
better sequel to Dirk gently's oh okay
yeah I will I loved listening to Dirk
gently's holistic detective agency let's
see here I know you get too many game
suggestions but thumper seems like a
game that you too would enjoy and would
give chat enjoy watching your faces
thumper okay
I'll add it to the list what is thumper
Oh trying to sell us that a thing you
can't just say the name unless the name
is really fucking awesome
thumper okay add it thumper all right
well well yeah look at the do this is a
quick video quick switch it's a good gun
oh yeah that's right
detective vision I can do that to say
hey I'm gonna do it too is that fun is
that fun for you I do always like
switching to it like it's not like right
now I have my pistol out and then
usually want it to cutscene you always
have your big gun and so it's like I
usually like get really pissed about
that yeah come on you can't get my
character the gun I was holding why do
you have your pistol up listen today I'm
not this lot
it's like sometimes I have my shotgun
but then they show me with my Lancer oh
my god it's Marcus Fenix he's not even
like a great character he's just so much
better than Nathan flake I think it's
all John DiMaggio yeah
it's all John imagine yeah but you got a
great voice but you like being Marcus
Venus you like being the badass yeah in
a high action game yeah yeah I like
ripping apart the monsters with my bare
hands and chainsaw gun yeah
bender is here yep how do I switch
characters yeah I don't know V how do I
switch Carrick I don't know if you can
be Marcus bullshit well we'll see you
shit when the game starts up again we
will see
that wasn't completely accurate god damn
it James listen you have no idea what's
actually happening here should be
stricter to the games we play your game
critics after all it seems every game is
either great or fine even when you seem
obviously bored this game actually does
start to pick up a bit yeah I've played
a little bit past what week after what I
got it was all terrible if the whole
game were that bad
yeah it gets better and it's even this
stuff is fine like a pop possibly part
of our boredom is just the fact that
both rich and I have played this before
but it's fine it's it's nothing special
joking aside we thought were worse we've
been vocal about it we've been very
vocal about hating shit oh yeah your
girl against a hold on see if it gives
you some sort of option can i disconnect
myself huh whatever we restart the
chapter here hold on hold on so return
your main man it's not that big a deal
it's real huh yes for not that big a
deal
oh let's just see if it's an option okay
so now campaign co-op local split-screen
yes now you press ENTER and then we will
continue it well load yeah radical son
let's see if it gives you an option to
choose probably won't but you don't
start with some of the party anyway
there's this way to choose at all the
other guy del I guess this is this
characters are so memorable yeah though
I believe it's del Rita Rey
definitely right I can't set oh wait
here you go play left to right
we're dealing with this first plays cat
I don't have a controller easier easier
use your keyboard and left and right
oh just cater Kate or Dell that's how
you get to choose you fucking shit me
you can't be like this
those jerks wait why do I have this gun
because we were started I never had this
gun gosh darn it I don't want this gun
dumbass the gun there's another gun away
yeah I want this gun is a always a cool
gun
well you know thousands of enemies
descend on you and they give up I got
the sniper rifle five shots that sounds
fair yep crap
that's my persona
nope totally missed again
how dik-dik it's born to watch probably
okay to play it is like it's fine it's
you guys like fine is not necessarily a
negative it's not necessarily a positive
it's fine it's also like the for know I
know the internet wants extreme
negativity and extreme positivity but
I'm sorry yeah the middle ground exists
it's really true
look at as far as like a lot of shooters
shooters that aren't even trying like
uncharted this is leagues above Oh God
leaves above uncharted lows scuse me or
or the order oh my god remember the
order I try not to yes let's watching
that the other day yeah I played through
Oh God right
we'd be liars and frauds and charlatans
if we exaggerated every opinion we had
oh I can't even believe they called this
a game right right no that's that better
get old and you guys hopefully and we
still do that a lot it's one we haven't
a strong opinion right
well like hopefully you guys would see
right through that like you can't have
such an extreme opinion for every single
goddamn thing let's see here I know you
guys know are you guys able to set up
twitch cheer system in your channel you
would you would drown in pennies also
that yellow devil behind you seems to be
enjoying the stream and is giving it a
thumbs up
yes yes I have so far there's a new
chant thing that is kind of twitches
version of the stream tip which is the
cheers and you can you can give us a
cheers and little gems pop up in the
chat yeah and I have not enabled that
yet just because it seems like another
thing in the chat too much shit it's end
it we're teetering on too much it even
if I hear enough people say that they
want me to enable cheers I will like so
we got one yeah yeah you're the first
person who's ever said they've wanted it
I I won't I'll answer so Cindy Eric
grenades some bayonet Lancer or the
other one oh you need the chainsaw
Lancer man the custom Lancer course come
on man you don't variety it's the spice
of something maybe I'll take the the
longshot as the as my secondary I've
been using the shotgun as my second day
we will try the long shot can you zoom
in with this should you buy this game
you're on the fence
well kingi's 15 um what do you what do
you expect out of it what are you
looking for what are your expectations
excellent question if you like gears for
its characters I don't think many people
really do then this is a strong deep
provement in every way possible I think
people like Marcus Fenix I think people
like being Marcus Fenix sure you would
you would you like playing as a
half-assed Nathan Drake clone would that
make you happy the same gears gameplay
but a half ass uncharted fun absolutely
for the main character yes
if you like the action gameplay so far
I'm not liking the enemy types as much
these robot soldiers suck ass but we're
like a third of the way through right
now
but as far as third person shooters
going decent combat that's right I can't
change that anybody yet yeah it's solid
it's rock solid it's
I really want to do the melee on this oh
yeah you can't do it on the robots you
can't no not on these robots really
really really I I tried to do it and
they wouldn't let me do it I need to
double-check this why'd you say the
whole weaponry or maybe business that'd
be the worst idea
good god dammit
yeah just go behind the wall and my
wounds will heal true
that's a giant selling point up the game
know a lot I feel like betta so we were
trying too hard
there's a lot of shit in this game
people say shit a lot in this game
that's their that's everyone's swear you
want to try a little bit too much yeah
you definitely want to try to ma'am I'm
getting some ammo I thought I was gonna
smell a lot of long shot ammo already
and I thought I could ya know
where where is it you get like none from
the crates no I mean there were like
long shot things in here but apparently
they're all gonna live shots out of it
it's not worth it I took down that
helicopter pretty nicely
yeah maybe there's more downstairs hold
onto it I don't care that much hey blue
egging okay yeah you wanna cry chainsaw
these guys all those the big ones
I'm assuming you can't on them but the
regular size guys I'm gonna find
I don't think you can but I mean yeah we
can try also you have you have you have
the chainsaw on the the chainsaw is what
I'm saying the chance that doesn't work
on them you don't know I've used a
chainsaw on them I've used the chainsaw
on the regular-sized robots oh you were
trying it on the big fat ones I guess
maybe this Howard doesn't unless I'm
using it wrong I've never used this
weapon yeah you have any other night
that sucks huh now I'm what a chainsaw
will answer god damn it
world is not fair well gopher get a
chance I'll answer we go back I'm gonna
try nope I've decided I want a different
gun where is it oh I bet you can get a
chainsaw answer somewhere else yeah I
know you can get out of parents nope
oh I bet you can go back now yeah go
back now I'll hold them off
I don't know where to go yeah
up here this way down
oh it's blocked off it's okay yeah
there'll be more later alright alright
alright
game I see what you're cooking
I see what you're cooking okay we were
also enabled leucism if enough people
want it yes because you know I know you
guys buy cheers in bulk and then give
them you buy cheers in bulk and then you
give them to streamers periodically and
you know yeah that's how that's how the
cheers system works and so yeah if I
hear from enough people that they're
buying tears and that's how they want to
help support the channel absolutely rich
says gobbledygook Shadow Warrior 2 came
out this week would you give it a try if
someone gifted it maybe eventually down
the road I got too many fucking games I
want to play you just not you guys stop
telling me what I need to play next rich
has a plan and we were jackass derailed
it with this not to you I have pushed it
back slightly I have pushed it back
slightly with this but that was work so
rich has AB quest if that's a word and
so already I'm pushing I'm pushing rich
out of his plan Cheers
so basically Cheers art which fun bucks
yeah kind of you know you pay $10 and
then for every cheer that you give like
you spend 25 cents into $10 and the
streamer sees a little bit of that and
you get a little animated gif of of gems
in the chat and that's basically like
and if that's how you want to help
support then that's great nope you're on
my team right
no I wanted to do the yang come over
moon but fine if you want to do it
stupid character whoa

[Part III]
I don't have no idea how long we were
off for because you know we were both
playing and so we're not you know no one
is checking the chat constantly we check
it often enough so I think we were out
for a little bit sorry there was a big
fire fight fire fight we were fighting
the robots and we're sorry but we're
here we're back now we're back
most likely back up that's right we're
back up everything's back we're here
we're back up great and we're back hi hi
the stream is back we're back we're
still we're you know playing the game an
airplane crashed while you were gone it
crashed into Marcus's barn and he was
really upset with that that's what
happened
yeah check it out see if there's an ammo
box right here you still looking for one
how did you get one oh come on what do I
need one oh there's one there's an ammo
box in there yeah I definitely need one
there's one in the plane
there's not one out here where where
where where in the play the way in the
plane the plane that you are in that's
it
you see it yeah
all right hey you asked me a little
something little something-something
yep all right I'll be open I think I'll
be able to thing though that's right
they won't be able to call him Marcus to
Barnes Phoenix anymore he's now Marcus
one barn Phoenix old Marcus two barns
back to the future reference
it's fun ain't so pretty anymore it's
just no mock is two-box feelings I don't
know why I know it's dumb but I think I
really liked that as a so do you need
ammo are you good I'd love some ammo for
a sniper rifle it'll give you one round
if any do you need any in the machine
gun huh how you looking in the machine
gun oh hey oh there's a long shot right
here okay great
Oh that'd get ya um I'm good in the
machine gun use a few more yeah I got
some long shot bullets now so I'm ready
I'm ready for this next inevitable
firefight drop clods yeah that is a
little faux well these enemies are turbo
these enemies are terrible and that's
the real problem it's not like it's not
like I die I want to fight I want to
fight all I can but it's just that these
enemies are boring shotgun specialist
yeah yeah that's what it is
I'll find me
I'm sure the thing
what a don't fight yeah look at how many
fucking bullets that fucking thing takes
Jesus Christ ah help it help it thank
you
Wow snipers
will
hey there you go
she though robots I want to shoot you
robots
hey head chatting around what's this fun
they explode in a reasonably satisfying
manner are you know I really found a
robot kinda got behind enemy lines
Oh No thank you
yeah I like that unit is retreating
that's funny I was not working oh oh
it's fine know what it's fine
see that was my like I came into some
problems where I couldn't get the
chainsaw the chainsaw either oh oh god
no I don't want the M bar and the long
shot Jesus well Marcus was that when you
do that with your voice well it's gonna
be along see that windmill was gonna be
a little mid mid mid vowel was no oh
shit hates what oh I was kidding
mo going back alright alright oh I can't
fucking sorry let me know you're getting
a mo this time you're look at the ham oh
fucking let me know your ammo
look at where I am oh yeah Oh actually
wait I think it gave it to me I have
like four hundred bullets no and I did
not have four hundred bullets earlier do
you need bullets yep okay here there's a
custom Lancer right here so you can get
bullets back by the way I'm going on
nope I know that we all look alike and
there's nothing really distinctive about
our character models but
oh yeah
do I like Tim Burton's The Nightmare
Before Christmas inside yeah
I'm not I know when it came out there
was a bunch of people who it became
their life yeah and I wasn't that person
it's fun I think it's really fun and
it's really interesting and it's a
really great movie to watch kind of
during Halloween and during Christmas
and especially with the kids the kids
love it because it's gross it's got
worms and songs and you know stop-motion
no no it just doesn't register register
doesn't register which is which is
really tough because like I went I took
them to see Kubo in the theatres and I
was like wasn't that super great and
they're like fun movie that's like no
but you don't understand
so I found a whole bunch of behind the
scenes and what it was a ParaNorman yeah
which was done by the same company like
a-- and i found a bunch of ParaNorman
behind the scenes videos show them how
is that i was like isn't that cool like
these guys are is they're moving like
dolls and that's how they make the movie
they're like so Wow because to them they
don't care about how the movies made
they just want to watch the movies yeah
yeah no isn't that neat how much work
and time and isn't that fun yeah I guess
Oh preciate of brats check that well
that's the thing they're kids brats oh
sorry I triggered that I triggered to go
up that's fine that's fine
I'm so tired I triggered I triggered the
blah
I can only take so many of these fucking
robot waves drop bogs yeah I'm gonna say
the last time I got here is probably
it's probably just that this is what I
started to get my dreams back sure sure
ow
another there we go drop pods can't play
a little bit of the multiplayer
all right I'm kind of getting sick of us
this change it off Jack I need to change
it up yeah you're a treasure watch me
get my ass kicked in the multiplayer
that could be fun because I want to
shoot things I don't want to just run
around with the shotgun up no I actually
have not played the online multiplayer
yet any of the nerves are just this one
just this one oh god someone help Marcus
nothing has changed
oh there you go
oh that's right brother gunship yep yeah
we were hoping for something a different
different exciting
nope
not a good spot
it's Rockets just go right over that
Oh out out out out
everything has to be a comical bullet
sponge I think you called it earlier
rich its padding there really padding
out that playtime buddy
my bluff was called says I bought no
man's sky before I seen your review I
hate myself we're sorry we do all we can
we know we didn't get it out super fast
but you know we do what we can you know
say it's gonna be done got a multiplayer
yeah great boom boom boom this is that's
doing we do this split-screen
let's try blue oh you hit the button I
don't just have to hit a lot yeah yeah
you ever watched Curb Your Enthusiasm
rich I should I haven't I've seen a few
episodes and I think they're very funny
so I haven't had cable in a very long
time I know you can probably you know
when it was first coming out it was like
it was an HBO Kirby enthusiasm what was
that on what is this this is a tech
workload no how did you do benchmark I
must have benchmarks get out of here oh
you do don't pass anything I'm gonna
press stuff sorry I think that was the
problems we were both pricing stuff okay
so we want vs. chord mode how has heard
boat significantly different from what
we were just doing
try and find a match in one of the core
modes so do it wait co-op moans is this
what I want or does that no I think
that's the playing the game okay so we
want social quick play the core core
modes try and find a Guardian match okay
three tips I'm caught up
well what kind of what kind of huh
you know but let me uh we'll restart
that just to make sure I could not find
a match of this the other day what's
Guardian mode uh you keep respawning
until the leader dies one person new
team has designated the leader Oh Oh
trying to kill the enemies leader
they're trying to code your leader okay
great great great this is great let's
see here whoa that's late yeah we won a
few times ever gotten the multi playing
shooters yeah I used to love Guardian
mode multiple gears - oh okay great yeah
we were getting the 60 frames a second
in that benchmark this we're doing we
know it's fine
Larry David is my spirit animal yeah no
I thought it was funny like every
episode I saw I thought it was funny I I
don't like I I think I have that HBO go
now but at the time I didn't have HBO so
I only saw an episode here there and you
know I've never got super into it but
I'm sure it's fine I have no strong
feelings is that a minion behind you you
and Remy fucking you a minion I fucking
hate the minions everyone should hate
the minions if you are a person nothing
about the minions why should I hate them
they're awful their movie is on why are
they awful they are something inserted
into a movie simply because they make
farting noises that the kids will like
okay it's a kids movie so yeah and
here's the thing that you put them in
Despicable Me and they're fine because
you know like we have character
and we have a main story Despicable Me
is not the worst movie ever made it's
not great it's not the worst as far as
like kids movies are concerned and then
you got the minions and then they fart
and they say weird stuff and that's fine
right but then they get their own movie
and it's an entire movie of these little
blobs speaking nonsense and farting and
it's insufferable it's insufferable
nonsense and they're huge minions are
everywhere and I hate them I hate
looking at them I hate thinking about
them they're insufferable has it been
running well in the PC so far years for
no problems then again we have a really
nice PC know for the gaming stuff yes oh
but no problems no problems great
well the Windows Store
David Saviour who save the big range the
Windows Store is the worst thing ever
80 gigabyte download extremely slow
download speed the download would stop
when the computer went into sleep mode
so you couldn't leave the computer
unattended while it's downloading an 80
gigabyte file slowly that was the
important part if your computer went to
sleep it would stop the download the
Windows Store is atrocious
and this game has some only online
bullshit going on mm-hmm
so mom I know the game will the game
will not run if you are not connected to
the Internet and that is bull shit
they owned your game I tried to put a
shortcut yeah seekers forum cuz I wanted
out I wanted to put it on my steam list
get out of the steam as a non steam game
just cuz it's really convenient I got
all the games in one spot even the non
steam ones I tried to make a shortcut I
clicked on the the Exe file for Gears of
War 4 it says you do not have access to
this file you are not authorized what
fucking computer and I pray for the day
when you mean I'm not authorized
J kiddo it's 82 gigabytes for the game
Gears of War was an 80 gig download so
that the DRM for this is sickening
it's absolutely sickening the reason
we're still using Microsoft in 2016 is
because all the old games are on Windows
and if we want to sensibly switch to
Linux which we should you you you need
to define like a perfect fucking Windows
emulator or or just you know something
like wine which is what you use on a Mac
to run a Windows program which is
basically like a shell to house a single
program but that doesn't work great for
games because the games is so resource
intensive you can't like run a game
through another up matchmaking timed out
oh no try again no wait now it's sending
cancel requests so now we have to wait
for it to cancel the thing it told me
it's consoling how new is this game I
mean less than a week this game has been
out for less than a week can we
officially call the Windows 10 store
experiment a smashing failure look at
that if that's true jam jam boring ski
97% of quantum breaks PC sales were on
Steam and it's only been on Steam for a
few weeks versus seven months on the
Windows Store I believe it wine for
older games older window games is
perfect what about not so older games
what about games you just bought now
you're to go supply every omen what
about them yeah probably won't work
sending cancel request rich okay I'm
trying to go back okay and it won't let
me go back because it's sending the
cancel request the only game the only
the only the only mode I can get a game
on is the fucking social node which is
game modes I don't want to play what is
it at the time just random you vote I do
next
I know no one's playing it online on the
PC because no one uses the wind tends to
her right right no one should it's
terrible and the DRM like you should
known this on PC you should known this
just can you let me back out of this
menu now I know it look great this is
great this is terrible rich I just want
to go back no you can't me wait no no no
I can't go back I bet I can go to the
storm of course you can go to the store
then you can buy stuff of course oh I
got to the store just fine
oh look you want Bryce buy some crates
sending cancel request it was insane
we it stopped looking for a game at five
minutes oh and so now it's been two and
a half minutes just to cancel the thing
it told us it had to cancel right oh I
didn't cancel you know what happened the
game said after five minutes we stopped
looking for a game the game cancelled
and it's taking two and a half minutes
for the game to cancel this this is that
this is this is right up there with
unacceptable software yeah yeah
absolutely twitchplayspokemon once GPU
passed through in the in virtual
machines work reliably and consistently
for gaming that's when Linux because it
was a thing because that's all wine is
is the pass through a box you know
to play to do window stuff like on a Mac
and it does the same on on Linux but if
there is a genuine pass-through so your
your your graphics card and your ram is
unobstructed to get to the game then you
could actually game on a Linux machine
I don't unstick it's not like the game
isn't fun I mean the game is well
basically it's just like yours of war
only with shitty characters yeah I've
never had a cancel take this long this
is this is unacceptable rich this is on
can I cancel the canceled your right
trip wait well no because then it'll
take extra long because then it have to
cancel the cancel request cancelling
cancellation you cannot cancel the
cancel as you as you have not first
canceled the requests I'm not familiar
with computer is what makes Linux so
great Linux is free and they're not
gonna do the kind of bullshit that
windows will with like the Microsoft
Store Linux is not the greatest it's
free though it's Linux is unlimited
potential it's unshackled it's
unshackled but that also means it
doesn't have a ton of support sure sure
and so that's the downsides is and like
we're talking about if you want to play
a game you want to do one in any age you
want to be your own man
right that's the question and but a lot
of the things you want to use you kind
of need a nanny yeah and so why does
that keep happening that's you and so a
lot of the things you want to use on a
computer you need the name let's let's
let's just close the game just X the
game what are they seeing now I don't
know you seen the desktop great great so
that was our experiment in multiplayer
Gears of War
that's great we're gonna try again yeah
oh yeah yeah go for a little longer
switching from Windows to Linux for
gaming is like switching from mouse and
keyboard to gamepad because you want to
play shooters right and I think that's
what we're saying
Linux can't be run into the ground by
malicious companies that's true and like
what we're seeing in Windows 10 by the
way like you open up the Start menu in
Windows 10 and you see goddamn
advertisements and that's unacceptable
to me you won't see that in Linux but
also like I probably wouldn't be able to
run my editing software in Linux you
know so there's a there's a there's a
balance the master I am planning on
Singh Shin Godzilla I'll probably wait
till it comes to video-on-demand because
just because I probably but I love the
Godzilla movies and and I will probably
see shim Godzilla I love the old
Godzilla movies social quick play great
let's do it
identifying potential opponents so this
is the first option this is the most
generic this is quickly yeah this is
quick play let's see how long it takes
here we go so you a quick play this
should be considerably shorter they
should be yeah
while usually that's truth Orvis if
something is free you are the product
with linux that is not true Linux is
open-source they want they want the user
base it's al it's like Facebook is free
and and you the Facebook user are the
product that Facebook is selling to
advertisers Linux is not the same thing
it's a little bit different but
generally that is the role mi are we
gonna play more spooky games I don't
know
rich doesn't seem to like us playing
spooky games and I don't care that much
to hold on to it so maybe ever get
closer you know you still get to choose
I think you want to play this sneaky
game right
eh something kooky it's in my safe wish
list so oh good good so why does this
take so long I have no idea it takes on
because there's not a lot of people
playing assumably or or there's just
some crap software going on I don't know
I can't imagine it's a ghost town this
game came out this week even though the
Windows Store is crap I I think if I try
to do this on my xbox get a game like
that yeah this is this is a gamepad yeah
this is a console shooter yeah everyone
who's playing this is buying this on a
console no one bought it on Windows 10
and that's how we get this waiting two
minutes to get into a game play five
nights at freddys we did I can't be the
only one who played the previous Gears
games because you had to play them on a
console and it didn't really much care
for the gamepad I can't be the only one
our gummy thank you hey you're cheb
origami yes yeah I know you wanted to
play that one so I'm on xbox and it's
not working either oh well there you go
the stream may be over before we can
even you know do a multiplayer match I
don't think it's gonna happen at this
point I think I'm okay going to like
11:30 but yeah you know we'll see rich
they're saying they like the beard yeah
you get the boots back their beards back
you look good with a beard I shaved it
off I kind of regretted it yeah so you
look good with a beard why can't they do
what rocket League doesn't let
cross-play happen because Microsoft do
not want hundreds of thousands of whiny
fucking Xbox players bitching and
moaning because they got pwned by people
using a mouse and keyboard yep
it's not fair they can a it's no any by
the way it's really true they like to
use tools that are more appropriate for
the job and and cheating this is why
when we were talking about something
like overwatch which is on PC and on
consoles they they balance those games
differently like for example they had to
hugely nerf the automatic turret chore
bjørn's automatic turret in the console
version because it automatically aims at
stuff and people were having a trouble
taking it down and so but that nerf
didn't happen on PC because people can
hit it but they're aware of that and
they're aware of the different tools
that people use to play the games and so
yeah you can't you can't have for a
shooter you can't have a shooter in
which aiming is important cross-platform
mouse and keyboard blows and
third-person shooters kind of moron are
you booger come on man we're not going
down this road again that's just the
dumbest thing I've ever heard
we're not we
we've we've already been through this
the perspective changes your ability to
aim a mouse is always more accurate than
a joystick
always
I remember playing tf2 on xbox in some
classes were borderline unplayable due
to them
Oh matchmaking error please try again
later ok sending cancel right now here
don't touch anything
oh maybe we cancel two requests too many
times last time so we're gonna try it
again we're gonna try it a hold what
we're just gonna put this down right
here
son of a bitch sending cancel request ok
gears was built from the ground up for a
controller but you still was built from
the ground up for the controller in mind
yes it was they made the game slower so
that the the less the the worst accuracy
didn't matter as much right which means
it's pretty playable with a controller
it's still not worse with a mouse yeah
right
you can still shoot more accurately with
a mouse God God
god dammit look at this sending cancer
aggressive shit rich can you believe
this
please make this a YouTube highlight
it's just the key it's just the cancel
request trying to find a game this is
social mode this is like the most
generic one this is the first one yeah
like oh I want to try out the online
I'll just try social mode like that's
the first one it's it's terrible I've
heard good things about the account yes
the Ben Affleck movie I've heard good
things
bong play online whoo booger x9 it you
you dumbass
you fucking dumbass you know I can't
play against people on the Xbox because
they don't want people on the Xbox
getting destroyed by people with a mouse
also apparently booger we can't play
anyway because it won't let us play and
also we can't cancel wanting to play
booger we love all of our fans yeah
except for you because you are a dumbass
but listen booger I've been known you
know what rich let's try to be
sympathetic the booger I've been where
you are I've been in that stage where
you say like a controller is better and
it like for shooters one day you're
gonna find that it's not and and and
you're gonna feel silly about this but
you can get there I believe that you can
get there I believe in you man or girl I
believe in you booger I think I think
everything is gonna be fine
if Highlander aka if a game has a
crosshair in the center of the screen
mouse and keyboard Trump's gamepad
whatever the mouse the mouse will always
trump and and by the way this is
something gears multiplayer is all about
rolling which blows on WASD and what way
does that blow on WASD I can't hit the
button droll
but rich how rich how could you possibly
hit the button to roll I don't know I
have so many options when it comes to
buttons and I could bind it to any one
of them I mean how could possibly how
could ice how could I do that
I just don't know how you could possibly
hit the wrong button you could you
couldn't roll at a 92 degree angle as
opposed to just a 90 degree angle
listen booger you tried you're right
you're reaching buddy you're really
reaching just probably right now is the
best time just to give it up because you
know it's fine it's a everything's gonna
be fine a joy Mouse
what's a joy Mouse
I like the controller diehards are so
desperate to hold on to that the analog
for like strafing like like that's a big
fucking deal when you're playing a
shooter but but rich booger in with a
joystick you could move in eight
directions because it's not like you
could press up and left to move
diagonally on the keyboard his argument
for the superiority
yes superiority yes of the gamepad yes
is that cheap ass rolling and
close-range shotgun crap which you only
have to use it because you don't have a
mouse to aim with a Rilke or because
you're a talentless fucking hack who
sucks at the game by the way we've been
officially sending our cancel request
for longer than they searched for a game
yeah just putting that out there
it gave up searching for game after 5
minutes has not given up and sending
that cancel request though bugger we're
done with you sorry
it would have been interesting to play
some online analog movement assholes
Tony right that's just don't even that'd
be like like I need a new car yeah and
you know this uh you know this is 2014
it's only got a few thousand miles on a
really good price you know but I could
buy that 1990 Ford Escort it has heated
seats I mean but the 2014 you know sedan
it new but seats it drives really good
but doesn't it heated seats the 1990
Ford Escort that's got you know uh
250,000 miles that heated seats Jack oh
god it did it oh shit oh shit oh my god
we cancelled okay great let's try this
trip right now a mouse isn't working
your mouse am i okay oh my god oh my god
oh no cancel cancel what do you do
yes cancel so fuck I it's gonna take
forever to cancel surgery I don't know
what okay there oh my god social game
play okay here we go no now I'm
convinced burger is just a troll what it
was a fun conversation before I know he
was a troll yeah and I like this period
yeah yeah yeah that's just troubling
right now it's fun
so what do you try it but I think we got
into match alright
loading map shit are you playing I'm
playing I'm worried we're gonna give it
a try
okay let's do this
do I have to nope no okay they do
something I hate they have like all of
the wacky like skins yeah blow guns
multi paint
that's so fucking distracting and it
just makes you stand out like a sore
goddamn thumb alright
it makes the game ugly as hell to look
at which is kind of a jerk yes sometimes
I don't I have a very low tolerance for
fools
I will not suffer fools what are you
doing
winning oh my god jack money that was
great that was great they don't expect
it shit jump over the fucking fence can
I not cut down fairly you can't jump
over the fucking place whoops shit I saw
that coming
you're looking at patrol this game he
wasn't paying attention I'm gonna
chainsaws ass
oh I thought I could get it third one
what's wrong Wow yes right in the chat
do-do-do-do-do-do-do oh okay I guess I
got to stop doing that I guess I asked
that pen chains out people so we're
going on full full shotgun I'm curious
about something
yeah well I have control with the mouse
yeah okay yeah you can just take over
with mouse and keyboard anything I just
curious if they go you do both at once
Oh torque bow
I want to talk though
I'm all do suppose it would work if you
moves you navigated my life and mmm
poorly poorly probably I would assume
poorly yep
we lost or we didn't do enough soon huh
give it up a little too soon I thought
we lost it certainly on the cusp of
losing oh sure it's three to six
effectively or three verses 6 to pursue
56
he's gonna come right over here you got
that kind of range that fucker nope
rolling rolling do it that's fine
I'm very little experience very fine
yeah yeah you know what I think I lost
cuz that smooth analog movement no okay
I'm moving you mouse and you Mouse and
rich can you zoom in
all I can do is aim shoot okay well yeah
that's fine tell me where you want to go
nice reload wonder what my keys don't
work now that's weird
nice well I wasn't really me well you
helped who there's the thing you want do
you want it
grab him no you don't want it no I don't
want it fuck it
okay fuck it let's stay with our friend
over here
teamwork much as six it gives it all the
running up to them yeah
where's all the bad guys I just
I was lucky
I think someone was trying to change our
ass no not that one oh fuck what's going
on with your face yeah why don't you why
are these all ba
you have to redo your rebounds for
online multiplayer apparently apparently
yeah okay
now rage can do it oh no it's all me all
rich I mean it
I'll be honest we we kind of did better
when we working together second try
again that's fine look I'm garbage at
these things I really have no sure I
talked about this purity of keyboard
mouse I don't talk about the superiority
of me
oh come on rich Ryan yet no no the
Halloween special we did not shoot with
max oh that's bad guy
oh there you go there you go yeah you
have to get it like fully revved up
before before it'll chainsaw someone you
see him he said it yeah
fYI I was half joking I love my look but
I'm alone moving that's obviously
superior I understand that but it's a
extremely minor advantage when it comes
to shooters you're far better off at the
mouse the trade-off is a it's a
no-brainer
oh yeah for superior aim for a straight
type movement you're trianing you know a
directions for for but for aiming you're
you're gonna goddamn Mouse yeah yeah and
then there's stuff like the my little
nunchuck II thing which I brought if we
want to use more bindings right I wish
you'd brought that up earlier sup double
use that I did I did I didn't I had it
with button yeah you're right that's
where you get a little nunchuck II thing
and then you get and then you get the
best of both fucking worlds then you get
eight movement directions yeah yeah a
couple a cup of flappers and it bows to
him it's great
and I like I've seen someone like her
and I know Rich's talked about that like
hybrid in like half of a controller and
a mouse but then you got it's too
weighty then you got this big chunk of
weight with you you know I think you
need the noon giant you need the noon
Chuck afk that's a great sign great sign
feel good about this well PlayStation VR
is selling well will it last
how will there be any games I've heard
are there any games I've heard the
Batman VR thing is interesting what is
it good right it's all about the games
always is
nicely done rich thank you
sneekybeeky oh sorry chan I'm sorry
about that we'll see what we can do
about that
Oh sir Chen tried to gift me a game that
I already had
oh and and they kind of like let her buy
it even though I already had the game
and now she's trying to get a refund and
they're denying her the refund I'm very
sorry sir um where are they dying here
from Steam
yeah has she used the game no I thought
the new policy was to refund everything
yeah what the fuck I don't know I don't
know the particulars I'm sorry to hear
that sir
I'm glad you're getting behind him
there's no one to get behind oh yeah
there there are there yeah I saw someone
over there was getting hurt go go
chainsaw some boots oh that person
apparently didn't see you
oh he's a full control how about that
guy he looks like he's a bad guy but I
guess he's been well I'm on the bad guy
team oh but I meant sorry I mean he
looked like a good guy but he's a robot
that's who he is
those perfect
that was perfect
oh I see that guy's down I'll go I'll go
chainsaw
boom boom
starting off before all right
at least two of them up there and I know
to you versus what is not good ads
that's right oh he's like three of them
up there
gimme gimme gimme gimme good work good
work teamwork nice distract him while
the teammate gets goes in for the flank
super flank
yeah go chainsaw some boat hello
nice nice rip surprise James up oh no no
no no didn't didn't happen like me
flanked you that's right that's right hi
rich and Jack Jack if Mike and J
approached you to star in a mailman
Tommy spinoff series would you say yes I
suppose it would really depend on what
the series is about if say if it was a
mailman Tommy spinoff series reviewing
anime I would probably say no do you
mean like just a series of shorts
starring mailman
Tommy absolutely absolutely that'd be
fun I miss my man Tommy they should have
been yeah
should Oh what oh come on
but maybe mailman Tommy will come back
we'll see
three versus three rich yeah three
versus three and uh we don't know if
mailman Tommy is dead a mailman is dead
and it was not specifically stated
whether or not it was mailman Tommy oh
shit nice excellent nice save
now where's the last human come here
Hume on
ah a solid win I'm fine with that so
Owen all right one more set do I play no
you got it
okay you get the groove you're right
you're right I don't think many people
would like a mailman
Tommy series mostly because that mailman
Tommy's got a fucking attitude I've got
an attitude problem ma'am I can't
believe you guys are doing well sorry
for not believing lol yes Megan well
that was the joke yours I can tell at
least half the maps are from the old
games oh yeah yeah yes those were all
different characters named branch they
were all played by me but every ridge
who's died on half in the bag with one
exception I think has been a different
character yes all they just also happen
to be named rich rich he's a pretty
common one of one of them the comic book
I'm his first death was a hallucination
oh yeah yeah I don't even know if he
died the second time I think he's still
out there what I'm not playing I'll tell
us a little story about the comic rough
rich Evans character Jerry
now if you press J fast you like the
vibe faster I don't like did you
bump the blood nice nice and the friend
was there for the head for the help what
are we here I want to be here yeah that
wasn't good cover nice
oh that's what they were doing the host
sneaky bastards I like looking that then
they're like oh shit
right I was different wrong but I was
reloading Oh shooting that was just a
fuckup
that was a fuckup it was a fuckup they
happen I'm not proud of it
I mean the Brady Bunch was just on a
bunch I don't know if I ever like
watched the Brady Bunch but you know it
was on and you watch an episode here
there
who's the funniest Marilyn off camera I
got a hit to break it we're all very
much like we are off camera as we are on
we're the same people the exact same
people like the best of the worst
discussions it's not like scripted jokes
right that's us being us for an hour
mm-hmm so whoever you find the funniest
say on best of the worst
that's probably who would be the
funniest to you in real life
don't rock Ron cover you wouldn't have
helped you had the grenade wow you just
stuck to the wrong wall though yeah
so you just done that rules of us were
someone on the team has to die before I
could be brought in okay they open
I don't know where any of the shit is
Jack was that J playing JJ Abrams and
the rlm Star Wars no that was that was
famous actor Tim Higgins that was Tim
Higgins who sit around here there You've
the the guy he played the hipster with
the in the hipster episodes he actually
played one of the goons one of George
Lucas's goons in the very first episode
of half in the bag yeah also are tender
and space cop in addition to moon maro
bartender de mer and space cop also in
my shorts he's pooping mpi
now he is in the hey pass me a beer
videos all around great guy Timothy
Higgins prereq Tim exactly the guy who I
had a a a emote for so long who's no
longer an emot-- that was Tim
oh did you get him I got a hit from
behind oh you didn't you didn't kill him
so that's horseshit yeah no he's not the
gay bartender the gay the gay bartender
who's certainly gay is what's his name
he was in the dude bro that was named oh
I feel so bad he was so fun to work with
that was like the only time I ever met
him so I don't feel bad but he was a
nice guy
he was one of the dude bros the other
dude bro you got so many new subs you go
that's right I haven't checked recently
whether or not we can get an emote back
because we have so many new subs because
of the twitch we might we might have
enough now too
I will check I will double-check
what
did you get him I don't think so what
was that I guess I did get him look what
the fuck was it
hipster Tim is the next emote I'll see
I'll see death to the monster mountain
you did it rich you help fugly I vaguely
did it you didn't hurt no you didn't
hurt your team he I saw you had like two
points so you know I don't do the
multiplayer much right here
I remember chakra be here with sparklers
as the next emo I had a beer emote for a
while we had to get rid of that one too
I think or do we still have the beer
Ramone be remodel I think I got rid of
Tim and I got rid of the beer in order
to give us Jane Mike let's see here
nope we no longer have the beer you know
oh wow that's quick that was a fast
round one more I'm in fun okay do it
rich if you're having fun do it do it do
it Shaq what would use what oh what Oh
average what do you think about the rise
of eSports and competitive gaming have
you enjoyed watching it that's great
great um I did just cuz you know I'm
just curious about it i watch like umm
csgo sure didn't care for it too much
but I watched rocket League yeah eSports
I thought was fun great fucking amazing
how good they are at that shit well and
here's the thing and I think a lot of
people who watch football like
professional football at one point in
their life played football yeah either
you know little like high school
football younger football and so they
because they know exactly what's going
on they get an appreciation of it and I
think it's the same for eSports or if
you play csgo even yeah just play it at
you know a couple hours a week you're
gonna watch competitive csgo and really
get into it and because you know what's
happening in rocket League I think
you're more into that
so which is which is great you know like
it's so that being said I'm not sure if
we're ever going to see eSports being
see eSports be as big a thing as regular
sports just because it's more niche you
know well thank you Angela Lee Zima zero
yes thank you welcome Thank You angel
may angel Mesa yeah I guess it is angel
Mesa yeah it's gonna angel maze but nope
nope that is not that thing
not not videogames or niche in for sorry
and yes I can see how you would
misunderstand what I was saying I would
because there are so many different
games that could be eSports it's broken
up too much where it's like football
there's only one football there's the
NFL right but with video games you can
watch rocket League
you can watch csgo you can watch over
watch you can watch tf2 you can watch
this game you can watch that game and
each game has their own niche within the
already niche of eSports you know what
I'm saying so there's just so there's so
many options eSports might be big but
we're never going to have the big one
you know like
you got a bullet through
haha yeah teamwork teamwork right you
don't know and i believe like esports is
becoming a large thing and i bet if you
like tallied the viewership of all of
esports it would be larger than
something like the NFL yeah but because
there are so many ways to break it up
it's never gonna have that big movement
but does it need that but if you put it
on TV what would happen esports if you
put it on TV what on TV I don't know
that's a good question it was on ESPN is
it still on ESPN I don't know they did
like a street fighter tournament or
something I don't know
would people care because they can
already watch it online that's the
question if you put it on TV they
putting it on TV means people who were
watching it can still watch it and
they're not able to comment on the
screen like they usually can so it's
actually like putting on TV with might
be a disservice to their viewership
I'm pretty good about myself right now
good there's a major overwatch
tournament on TBS oh sure now like it's
big eSports is big and you know there's
also nothing grounding eSports to a
geography if you're born in a city that
has a sports team you're gonna like that
sports team by default not the same with
eSports and so I think there are some
things that are gonna hold it back but
it's doing great and it's that's great I
love watching overwatch competitive it
gives me some ideas sometimes some some
sports people only watch with our home
team is doing well they're in the
playoffs right right
it'll care about the sport otherwise
I've been playing a little bit of the
overwatch Halloween event not too much
I've been playing this a lot recently so
I haven't been playing overwatch but uh
I do actually I need to play overwatch a
little bit more because I need to get an
outfit and you know I need a few more
glue traits so I can get a neat outfit I
want that Anna Halloween outfit I want
that on a Halloween outfit because it's
badass the National yeah the nationality
thing in sports gets intense for
national sports gets super intense
nice right didn't even didn't even see
it coming
you could change out his butt shotgun
out yeah I didn't want what happened
that one time to happen again
she don't start of fuck around though my
weapons that I hit the wrong button yeah
whoa
oh you helped I helped a lot you helped
a lot oh no you got a little achievement
that said you helped
in the board and upon winning
Eugene's out his body for the wind kill
rich congratu-fucking-lations that was
fun that's always fun that's how you win
a match right there all right let's wrap
it up that's a good place now
I just might phone just told me it's
time to go to bed I'm not lying
okay I'm with you I'm with you boom so
you agree that analog movement is
superior to during gears as high
precision aiming isn't so a lot of that
scrolled up so but here's noticing
basically basically what Booker's is
saying here is you agree that analog
movement is superior so why be
condescending assholes analog movement
is superior not by enough to get worked
up over I don't think it's superior by
enough to make a difference I think when
it comes to strafing even in a game like
gears the broad general directions you
can do a WASD perfectly adequate right
and just what you get with the mouse is
so much better the the analog stick the
advantage of aiming with a mouse over a
joystick is so much greater than the
disadvantage gain ear you know lessened
by the WASD versus analog so Booker
settle down bulgur was big perfectly
polite yes we're where our subs at yo
boom I'm just
Windows 10 and with their xbox bullshit
I don't want any kind of like you know
email address information or shit like
that probably I guess we're just lying
logged in with you yeah that's fine them
still people know what it is that's fine
you're right no you're not not in the
but that guy probably right
it's like who I'm the last guy standing
I hope I don't get into the bun and then
here comes rich okay oh yeah time and so
this is the point in the stream in which
we thank all of our subscribers everyone
who subscribed to us during this dream
like I may exist double zero I baines's
double zero zero says five months
pronouncing my name wrong lol take my
benign money you idiots and that was a
bond Oh a lot thought dr. Harry Lime you
guys are always entertaining things for
the laughs mister shy smile 24 fucking
months in a row Mario Mario 4228 fucking
months in a row Mario Mario says if
twenty months is fucking what happens at
thirty marriage a baby once I promise
when we're done reading the names I will
thank you for reminding me I will tell
you the kind of book guy story okay oh
that's right that's right
also bring back three rec beer I will
I'll check into that Marmara Lord bail
bond nineteen months in a row please
play the 7th guest this month telegin
twenty six fucking months in a row
confused child seven Justin harm and
twenty eight fucking months in a row sup
white beach 25 fucking once in a row
chef Abel yeah
grumbles J kid
Oh 813 months in a row first go Jones 26
months in a row
how many months fuckin twenty six
fucking months in a row
lost in Technicolor 27 fucking months in
a row subscribe to you longer than my
longest relationship kind of sad really
gonna find the right one something yeah
sure yeah sure what pantaloons Shaddam
Freud sad afraid up Shaddam Freud er I
think it's just shot afraid
I think it's not afraid of time but that
shadow shadow Adam you know Shaddam
hurled through haas actual house I think
in that house it's a German house house
I have words as a reader words purple
space bazooka 21 months in a row fucking
months in a row Jack how many months
fucking monster 21 fucking their lives
in a row oh I'm sorry I got the syntax
just perfect for you now verbal space
bazooka says hey guys thanks while the
hard work and general shenanigans glad
to be a part of this hat fraud you
recycle party who brought the unicycles
to the party probably the clowns oh I
forgot we'll talk about clone they get a
bad miss Halloween I get a bad rap we'll
talk about clown oh we're gonna talk
about clowns just this guy you know 22
fucking months in a row two more months
and then I'm seriously going to consider
trying to stand up like jack is always
saying that's true bring it to older
trust me yeah trust me
Dukey 69 Jolly nihilist
Lisa moist clam Lisa moist clam I like
that yeah pumpkin shoe three duck gently
uh-huh
baby Slayer one five six twenty five
fucking months in a row baby Slayer one
five six says thanks for all the fun you
hack frauds space jag 2084 space Texas
I just like to remind everyone of the
existence of pie
that's pie the dish by the dessert dish
not the mathematical maybe he meant
mathematical number but he knew he knew
intellectually that it was gonna be
typed out and then if he wrote like 3.14
he didn't know how to use the keyboard
to make a pie symbol I don't I'm gonna
make the pie symbol pi is P I is it oh
okay I'm when I think a pie I don't
think API I think of the two lines with
the whoop do up on top sure sure sure
the the two lines with the move down
yeah or didn't or did you say 3.1 maybe
he thought we were too dumb know what a
pie nope I was suppose they'll spell it
out like the food though there's a man
who knows pie
hey hey space Jack way to be a jerk more
like space jerk 2084 you know what I'm
saying
some O's lamb whoa
some Oh slam some zero slam or could
just be some old fence Li rip sumo slam
yeah maybe soo mostly sumo slammers what
they intended better I thought it would
you know what for some reason my mind
went exactly to a play on Son of Sam I
don't know why my mind went there so I
thought it was sumo slam a play on Son
of Sam stick my brain Freddie - yeah AHS
Mike twenty-one fucking months in a row
thanks for all the good times guys and
thanks for that whore rich got me only
one leg and a gamey arm but she
got the job done Cheers well rich that's
kids you give them with all your heart
don't really need the leg honestly yeah
honestly are Miller 14 months in a row
our Miller says hi lakyn 15 months in a
row
lakyn 47 months in a row crabby uncle
Abby Zhen Zhen Yu Zhen will Zhen Yu air
it's French
listen you yield and by the way we just
got a notification if we don't read your
name we're very sorry
while OBS crashed and we had to restart
three viewers Reece absque ribe Douai
litt crashed and had to restart I think
those listed above though I guess the
one flag izinski
one flask at Lynn flak ocinski says
9-1-1 was an inside joke whoa Wow
deep what's going down
9-1-1 is a joke in my town top ramens 20
fucking months in a row Top Ramen says
thanks for the new best of the worst
thanks rich they just said PLTW thanks
for the new bo t dibs w Laurel W be to
the tee dubs you catch that newbie to
the tee dubs he had dog
it was fresh off the hook for tizzy
shizzi but mine is e actually a
legitimate throat Claire okay grant
friend make some out of weird Joker
point great MC Lucas 28 fucking months
in a row MC Lucas's 28th fucking months
of crashes and technical fuck-ups over a
sub anyway I was trying to say about
Resident Evil that the rookie tank
controls are now option
so there's less bullshit that's nice
also if you have ps+ and it's free you
fox yeah I wasn't it wasn't really the
controls though I mean I'm the guy who
likes megaman legends and that that is
the ultimate controls like a tag game
Mega Man Legends is the worst I'm just
not a survival horror guy that's just
the worst megaman legends awesome it's
so oh yeah yeah like cuz I could play it
on my Vita it's like oh yeah this might
be found on my Vita ah I wanna I want to
say it was in development before Mario
64 is it old it's like one of the early
3d games
oh Jesus Christ it shows oh yeah and by
the way before I see some people there
is a new best of the worst that went up
today if you have not checked your
YouTube there is a new best of the worst
go watch best of the worst aah machine
gun funk machine gun funk Erebus and
aether that's a fun one old-school fool
joyfully sad joyfully sad says the cult
Rey runs the whole grain that's a gears
thing okay okay I don't remember a
specific quote about whole grain but who
knows dick v dick offense no no DK Finn
okay
deke 15 because there's two FS DK fibbin
alright great
sure now I'm 18 months in a row VX 1 3 5
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate how I was gonna say and
nobody else oh wait yeah you have a
comic book story now I'm build it up too
much okay but just a bit of trivia yeah
the the spider-man episode where I was
the kind of book shop owner yeah and
Mike and Jay shut me at the end of the
episode we're talking about possibly
bringing that character back later so I
had the idea I don't think we actually
did it though we brought me I think we
brought me back the same
anyway but I had the idea to film that
two different ways where one was just
them shooting me with like a toy gun
well I'm just sitting there like I'm
fine and they're just like delusional
right and that was it I mean it wasn't
it wasn't super huge was just a little
little fun thing but that's what they
ended up doing that's what we ended up
doing but I wanted to film it that day
because I knew like a year later or two
years when the amazing spider-man 2
would come out we would take that old
footage of them not killing me and do
the flashback wait but did you end up
filming that later or then or did we or
did you did we read maybe we did use
maybe we did actually film it I thought
we didn't film that for some reason but
maybe it isn't yeah we were gonna use at
a different time I think we might have
actually ended up reusing that for the
amazing spider-man 2 but I was gonna
come back sooner I just didn't oh sure
sure I guess they still had the footage
when they brought me back for the
amazing spider-man 2
so I started take that back I guess we
did use that footage I thought that I
was thinking that never got used yeah
because I was gonna come back I was
gonna be George Lucas's henchmen yeah
have a bookstore character in the
episode when George Lucas showed up for
the VCR stealing plot yeah but we never
did it that way that character didn't
come back then mm-hmm
like I said it's not super exciting it
was just we planned a flashback like
well in advance that that is shocking
knowing how you three usually what I put
the seat of our pants everything you had
to see to your pants oh that's great
that's actually great news
what a waste of time yeah I know you
know what you people can go suck
