May 6, 2016
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney, The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/74482017
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/74489382
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6NXmXsrt4Q
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWMhhIT_pww
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/728655319111487489

[Part I]
what it's quite possible that we are
streaming at this exact moment but
there's no way to know for sure oh my
fucking god
I'll see that's true that's true
it says one moment please something has
started Oh something something has
started
that says that says Ace Attorney do me a
favor tell me when you click on the new
game button I want to see what the delay
is okay ready I'm over here I'll hit the
arrow button now one one thousand two
one thousand yeah now the stream is
loading so this is all useless I had a
little spinny thing come up well great
let's go great everything's great I
don't think I don't think anyone would
quite believe the absolute disaster of
cables I have right now yep to both
listen to you on skype and stream from a
3ds is a little insane and I've done
this before and I just don't remember
how I did it last time tell me tell me
when it's loaded when which is loading
oh yeah I'm back okay okay ready I'm
gonna click the arrow button and now
three one thousand four one thousand
five one thousand six one thousand seven
one thousand eight one thousand nine one
thousand ten one time there we go oh wow
yeah okay well that's fine that's fine
this is this is what's going on today
hopefully all the levels are good
everything is good for everyone because
oh yeah we have we have no webcam
because we're skyping and we're in two
different locations we also do not have
the tip notifications because of several
things but we can still see your tips
actually I'm just gonna read some tips
from the older or stream ok grace
read some tips rich space cadaver says
hijack when rich kids back could you ask
him to describe his wiping technique it
will help us all bond together and
become closer like with your butt yeah
no oh wait this that's from that's from
earlier that's from way I'm looking for
I'm looking for straight to the fourth
here here we go here we go here's the
first one from the fourth this is turtle
the wise rich just cut back to the
jungle book sure they sure they just
showed CGI in my face for two hours but
damn did it looked fucking grand
sandy decent flicks recently be well sir
well I I did just watch Captain America
to the Winter Soldier for the first time
hmm and that's that's a really great
flick I'm so glad you finally got to see
that it really is a good one I would
compare and contrast it to civil war but
jackie has not seen Civil War and he
doesn't want any any kind of information
about the civil wars
I want no information about the civil
wars I have AI obviously plan on seeing
it but I have not had a chance to see it
yet so rich Reed Stardust said are you
guys ever gonna beat under till you just
got to the got the last hour and quit
because you thought you'd have to fight
a score again we beat the the main game
I know there's supposedly some after I
have almost zero interest in playing
anymore undertale it was a really cute
experience but I'm kind of done with it
rich what do you think I don't give a
shit what were they basically jack is
the one you jack is the one you have to
convince I don't you know I mean I feel
like I've got it in boss I got an ending
yep I know people say some different
things this is like there's a slightly
different ending if I play the last part
again
whatever yeah
Anonymous is Richard what age did you
know you wanted to grow up to be a total
failure well just kind of happens you
know you don't really plan for that it
just kind of happens mm-hmm and fuck you
bitter prick well there you go
binary too said Maxim oh no death run
again I was excited when you made it so
far last time uh probably at some point
I can't say exactly one but yeah I'd
love to take another whack at that oh
great and last one from the other day
says chance was from today seems from
the sixth Anonymous's you guys get to do
a Civil War stream the review straight
should be a regular thing you still got
ghost busters independent state to Star
Trek beyond rogue one coming we'll
probably talk about it after I see it
but I don't know if we're gonna do
another one of those us just sitting and
talking probably just talk about it
while we play a game yeah and we'll
still make sure we throw up like all the
spoiler warnings but but no no talk of
it today as I have not seen it yet oh
yes and I said too much new key I see
that I was on justice for all
that's the sequel I have to go back to a
suggest ASA tourney which is Freddie I'm
on the correct one now thank you too
much new key but yeah we'll talk about
it after I see it and after a little
time goes by to make sure that anyone
who wants to see it has a chance to do
so a spoiler or free yep okay so I'm
going to do something here I'm gonna
attempt to tell a story while I start
this game you do that and it's gonna be
it's gonna be really rough but but some
crazy stuff has been happening today and
I thought that the first turnabout and I
thought I should share because I think I
started sharing this story earlier
did I bring up a copyright claim that I
was trying to to bring do you remember
this but the son of someone someone took
my video and uploaded it to a different
channel and I started a YouTube
copyright claim
okay I thought was that the the peepee
poo-poo would the peepee poo-poo song
right boo-boo peepee song I feel just
embarrassed just saying that as you
should as you but you know what it's my
video so it's like people can't use it
because it's my video and so a while ago
I got I got wind that a that someone had
taken my video and uploaded it to a
different channel and barely changed
anything to it and so I watched it and
it's true
oh my hit the play button
I wash it it was true all they did was
they put still pictures over it having
to do with some sort of weird ladies
peeing themselves viral campaign or
something I didn't quite understand what
was what was going on and so I didn't
like it and I put a claim on him and a
death it's taken a very long time to get
the claim settled because the pee pee
poo song and there they're embarrassed
to watch it well that was the first
problem is is I got a response back like
a month after I made the claim from a
bond saying that they couldn't find any
similarities and but like literally it
is just my video audio and all with
still pictures over it and so I I
responded to that email saying hey I
need a human to look at this this is
clearly someone taking my video yep
and finally after another month a human
has gotten back to me just this morning
in fact and and said and said yes we
have shut it down everything's taken
care of
which is great news they shut down the
video everything is - everything has
been taken care of with the YouTube
claim which you know is pretty good news
for me then a bit of serendipity came
into my life something incredibly
bizarre I you know I found a bunch of
people on Twitter and one of the persons
I follow on Twitter is a very small
indie game developer and I saw an early
post of their game somewhere yeah so I
started following them today they're
very small like they only have like
13,000 followers you know which is
pretty small
as far as Twitter is concerned yeah and
that person and who and I've never
spoken to this person that person
started saying isn't this weird someone
is emailing me trying to get a strike
taking off their YouTube account
apparently they stole some video
called the peepee poo-poo song so are
they talking to this indie game
developer they sent whoever stole the
video sent an email to the wrong person
okay and that's the serendipity is they
just happened to send it to this indie
game developer who I happen to follow on
Twitter isn't that bizarrely
serendipitous gonna happen every now and
then sure but like it's so strange and
so like that was the first I heard that
whoever I made the claim against is
upset that I made the claim against them
have you considered that you might have
multiple personality disorder and the
person who the person who made that
other video first place is actually you
oh my god rich you might be right and
that would explain why they're both know
this indie game people oh maybe that's
it
if probably you know why I probably take
YouTube so long to clear it uh-huh
cuz other you probably already said it
was okay it was it was other me going no
I'm me and I I made this song so I can i
can use it maybe yes yes maybe that's it
rich you figured it out no no no you
just need years of psychotherapy and the
problems completely solved thank you
perfectly selves but but so then I find
out that the person who I made this
claim against the person who stole my
video wants me to remove the claim
because they got a strike on their
YouTube account and if you get a strike
on your YouTube account it does some
really bad things like you can't
monetize certain videos you can't use
custom thumbnails you can't upload
videos longer than 15 minutes like it it
puts some harsh restrictions on you yeah
as you know that's the punishment right
before stealing
I'm not really not actually stealing but
well
oh sure well and you know what I don't
think the system's good no no the
system's the system's not perfect but
here's the thing this was a case where
there was no fair use involved yeah you
know like he wasn't commenting on my
video he wasn't like remix sing or
changing it in any way it was just using
my video as the base for this weird
lady's peeing themselves campaign right
and like I looked into that like I was
like okay maybe he's trying to know but
he just used my song and then if you
read the email that he wrote to the
indie developer addressed to Jack but
sent to the indie game developer he all
he said was I didn't think it would be a
big deal if I used song and I thought
that you being a busy person would never
respond to me and so I just did it which
is no excuse because I'm pretty great
responding to everyone right but so like
he didn't even attempt to contact me to
get permission or anything so then he
spends the the person who stole the
video spends most of the morning trying
to get a hold of me on Twitter and you
know I wasn't checking Twitter all that
often hopefully I don't have to read all
of this by the way because we're gonna
imagine you probably do I am NOT
Yeah right well CNCs 1701 I I didn't
know what the campaign was either I just
saw a little bit of a video and and it
was I didn't quite understand what was
happening but in any case there is no
transforming by the way had a saying you
really need to read this stuff yeah the
entire game is about reading Oh No well
that's gonna take away a lot of our
storytellers well you know what once I'm
done with this story finish this story
I'll finish this story and then we'll
get we'll get on with it so here we have
so some basically this guy is asking me
to remove my claim and he promises that
he will delete the video and he's really
sorry but he's asking me to remove my
claim yeah and I haven't decided whether
or not I'm gonna do it yet is the thing
the video you know didn't make any sense
to me he did steal my stuff right yeah
and this is how the system is supposed
to work he's supposed to be punished I
know the context of this was part of
what's bothering you because it involves
like posting pictures of ladies who have
peed themselves mm-hmm everywhere
something else would you be more lenient
um I think so I think that I think the
content of it is a little bit that has
to do with it because I think it was
like I think the campaign was tricking
ladies into taking pictures of
themselves after peeing their pants yeah
I believe that was the context right oh
and twitchplayspokemon no I don't
believe he gave the original video
credit in his video either right and so
and then he made this like awful video
about it about like tricking ladies yeah
it was it was weird right
and part of the context is why I don't
necessarily want to remove the strike
but like I also don't want to be a
dickhead about it right yeah well then
use your judgement if you think he's a
dickhead watch watch some of his other
videos no see if he's a dickhead he's
probably a dickhead
okay that's your that's your verdict is
if he's a dickhead
yeah I'm okay with being a dick to
people who are jerks okay I'm just
remember I'm mr. fuck that shit pirate I
know I know
you dickhead okay great you know what
I'm glad it sounds like rich is on my
side here most of the chat is on my side
here alright then I will keep the claim
is what is what everyone is saying
great okay let's see here the person
responsible for your girlfriend's death
no the newspapers say it was you hmm
my name is Phoenix Wright here's the
story
my first case is a fairly simple one a
young woman killed in her apartment the
guy they arrested was the unlucky SAP
dating her sounds like he wants to do
the Monster Mash Oh my office is very
echoey Larry Butz my best friend since
grade school
ah school had a saying when something
smells it's usually the butts oh let's
see here in the 23 years I've known him
it's usually been true he has a knack
for getting himself in trouble
one thing I can say though it's usually
not his fault he just has terrible luck
we see what we are not getting tip
notifications but we will see your tip
I'm going to stop every now and then to
read them yes captain nitpick I didn't
wasn't really thinking about reading
text I've never played a Phoenix Wright
game not until someone gave us a tip to
buy it and I bought it and now we're
gonna play it I just wanted to tell my
one YouTube story and now I can actually
pay attention to the game okay let's see
here but I know better than anyone that
he's a good guy at heart and that I owe
him one which is why I took the case to
clear his name and that's just what I'm
going to do the whole game is really
thick that's fine I like that I'm
summoning the text duh it's a I mean I
can see like the maybe like a 50 30 s
radio play horror like here we are in
the lonesome desert I think I'm going
for more of a guy manly voice and it's
not coming across very well you just do
do what you're comfortable with do what
you're comfortable with Jack Jack the
text delay is insanely horrible can you
try to fix it
oh we I I thought I did fix it
apparently not so what I have to do here
in order to make this run properly
yeah so that everyone knows is I am
running the 3ds through the
visualization program on my laptop and
then my laptop is running an HDMI out
through the Elgato
which OBS is reading and so I did some
tests earlier to
make sure that our voices would be in
sync with the elgato and apparently they
are not okay so well I what do you want
to about that I'm very sorry I'm very
sorry there's anything you could do
without restarting the stream probably
not and and I tried to get the game up
and running on the computer that I'm
streaming on her for some reason the
visualization software wasn't working
yep so guess what this is what we're
doing I'm sorry if it's not in sync for
you this is gonna be fine okay I'm in
the courtroom now rich oh my god that
sounds that's great Court is now in
session for the trial of mr. Lehri but
the prosecution is ready your honor
the defense is already your honor
ahem mr. right this is your first trial
is it not yes yes your honor I uh I'm a
little nervous
you're calm doctor during this trial
will decide the fate of your client
murder is a serious charge for your
client shake I hope you can control your
nerves just turning in to Picard for a
while thank you guys and then I went a
little Sean Connery the Connery
but it's pecan REE that's exactly what
it is Sean Luke pecan or a judge Sean
Luke pecan reigns to be to be clear
that's the flank thank you your honor
mr. right given the circumstances I
think we should have a test to ascertain
your readiness yes your honor
gulp hands shaking
I say trading
the test will consist of a few simple
questions answer them correctly and
concisely please state the name of the
defendant in this case okay the
defendant is Larry Butz I know that the
defendant well that's Larry Butz your
honor
correct just keep your wits about you
and you'll do fine next question this is
a murder trial tell me what's the
victim's name who I know this one
glad I've read the case report cover to
cover so many times it's wait oh this
game is just quizzes huh it's kind of
like quizzes weird Oh apparently oh you
don't even know the victim's name of
course I know the victims names uh I uh
I just forgot temporarily this can't be
good for replayability
no no I know I can't imagine you can
replay it I mean there are several
episodes though you know this isn't the
game okay okay that's good
I'm glad that's not okay I can check the
court oh okay so Cindy Cindy is uh okay
I don't know great oh who would a Cindy
stone is the victim rich oh my god right
this is so this is just the thing to
make sure you understand that you have
to read things yes okay there are some
tips you were gonna read is that what
you write yeah yeah okay Prince bite or
elevenses hello rich Jack enjoying this
Limerick I've written I'm watching the
fellas on twitch and finding myself
rooting for rich I'm shaving my sack
Christmas morning with Jack Mike may I
please be your bitch
okay okay that's it that a bad limber
that's a fine Limerick MC Lucas's thanks
to the Friday stream looking forward to
rich being put on trial for internet
piracy
Jack I never said I did hmm you've said
that many many times I've also said that
I have paid for the games well you know
I think there there is a more nuanced
discussion to be had there where it's
like of course the reason we we got
something like Steam a digital
distribution service is because so many
people were pirating and if they weren't
pirating we wouldn't have had a solution
to the problem and so there is a more
nuanced discussion to be had I thought
it was a funny video no matter what yeah
that's the important part then last one
Sea Wolf 85 says rich how much to have
you leave a Don Wilson style happy 30th
birthday on my buddy's phone wait what
do you want me to say what's what's your
buddy's name sea wolf 85 that's the
important question and like do you want
it do you want it now rich we're at
while rich is on skype or or do you want
it like done like professionally
recorded off stream you know like you
got to give us some particulars about
the whole situation actually hit refresh
few more we're just gonna ball okay sure
count the pieces love the reviews guys
thanks what's your thoughts on the new
battlefield game revealed today
battlefield is a multiplayer online
first-person shooter I don't really play
those so I I'm afraid I can't give you
any great thoughts jack battlefield new
battlefield revealed today any thoughts
battlefield one which is supposed to
take place during world war one has so
far like just the the stuff they've
released is
I'm pretty stylized so it could look fun
but I've never I've never cared for the
battlefield games the battlefield is
kind of lumped and this is gonna be
heresy and I know everyone's gonna agree
with this but I kind of lump them into
the call of duty realm I know they're a
different thing but I still lump them
together some of the concept art looked
really cool the riddle of Steel says jag
you're a national treasure and this is
coming from someone in the nation's
capital your voices are all absolutely
spot-on for the characters how'd you get
so cool with years years of being cool
and then not being cool and never being
cool and it really it's years of never
being cool and pretending that I was
cool I had no idea was opposite date I
regret it hey guys thanks for reading my
tip check out this awesome character
theme from a videogame I've recommended
a while back then he's got a new tab
link okay and last one solo neo says
gentlemen I have a proposal here's 15
bucks to try a friend's game called
cipher it's a cyberpunk text adventure
that I think you and Jay will like care
bore brothers dot oh sorry capybara
brothers my brain wanted to see like a
Care Bear in there for some reason KEB
KEB Brera brothers dot-com / cipher dad
HD yada yada take care and lol fmz okay
okay yeah someone else got a hold of us
recently
a fan who who made a game that looks
really fun I don't know anything about
it but they did make characters of us
and put them into the game so there's
little pixel characters of you and me in
this game if I can remember what it's uh
I don't need to remember what it's
called I have an email and yo says yay
new subscriber yeah and that's
everything he just made a game called a
30-30 death war Redux which is on Steam
early access right now and he's gonna I
sent it he wanted to know if we wanted a
copy of it I said sure you know there's
no guarantee but that we'll play it but
I will take all the copies of all the
games it's a statue added to court
record great right be sure to pay
attention to any evidence added during
the trial that's Mia she looks like
she's all business even though she's
showing way too much cleavage to be in a
courtroom that evidence is the only
ammunition you have in court touch the
court record button to check the court
record frequently
oh thank you fearful slug boy I know we
would have liked the last of us so much
more if you only would have played it
down hard mode all right that's
according to the comment section I know
you know you can only it needs to be
played on hard we should have been
playing in a dark room we should have
rolled and removed our skeleton we need
to like all of the right games I think
that's what they'd be we need to like
the right game it's quantum break it's
just not gonna happen well they're
talking about last of us cuz I just the
last of us because I I haven't liked
Naughty Dog's games I just don't right
we gotta go one one of these days we got
to go back to crash a bandicoot and just
see where it all went wrong I was
playing less about some things this is
just kind of obnoxious and not
especially funs yeah that's really nice
tan turd and don't mm-hmm and I don't
really give a shit about that story
they're trying to dull the game portion
of the game right and the time okay
that's a year mr. Payne the prosecution
may call its first witness the
prosecution calls the defendant mister
but still the static oh oh I know this
is Phoenix Ansari sometimes they show
the character who's talking and
sometimes Phoenix is talking but looking
at another character and it's really
tough when you're doing voices
oh um chief what do I do now
pay attention you don't want to miss any
information that might help your clients
case you'll get your chance to respond
to the prosecution later so be ready
let's just hope he doesn't say anything
unfortunate oh yeah and we are streaming
this because I forget the exact amount
of time I waited but I think it took
about six months for someone to solder a
video caption
unit onto a 3ds and so that's how I am
streaming this and and speedy service
that's it
I'm maybe even eight like it was six to
eight months waiting for this 3ds but
it's been great it looks fantastic
everything's great
I actually have a 3ds now for something
we're working on mmm-hmm I don't want to
learn how to solder maybe maybe lady I
should look into doing this on my own
you can you from the site you can just
buy the kit and do myself right right I
would like to I would like to learn how
to solder obviously I would starting
right on this maybe I could find some
kind of just like practice solder board
you know what I think that's a skill
yeah I think that's a skill that that
you should have but yeah I could live
stream me soldering a capture card into
the 3ds obviously you're gonna have a
lot of practice on other things first a
little bit a lot other things that's
fine no it's fine sure sure hold on I
gotta get back into character
uh mr. Lutz is it not true that the
victim had recently dumped you what's
what kind of voice should Butz have I I
saw someone in the chat earlier say they
wanted an Australian accent and I don't
know if I can do that but I watch it
buddy we were great together
we were Brown Bo and Juliet Cleopatra
and Mark Antony it's more British but I
think it's Australian um didn't they all
die I wasn't dumped Shay Jess wasn't
taking my phone calls
or seeing me ever mad adjure adieu
the didgeridoo but did you redo that's
how all Australians and they're in there
and they sentences the did you redo
what's it to you anyway yeah this robots
what you describe is generally what we
mean by dump in fact she had completely
abandoned you and was seeing other men
she had just returned from the overseas
of one of them the day before the murder
what are you main one of them lies all
of them lies I don't believe that word
of it they're saying you sound cockney
Australians our were British prisoners
so cockney is a good place to start
right I'm trying to you know like the
last Australian I heard was this guy
doing a terrible Australian accent on
agents of shield and so that's what I'm
going off cuz that's what's freshest in
my head so you know I'm just trying to
remember like every who's Wolverine
what's Wolverines name
Logan no like what's his that what's the
actor's name Oh like Hugh Jackman is
Australian and I'm just trying to hear
him in interviews and I can't quite do
it so your honour here's the victims
passport according to this she was in
Paris until the day before she died
Passport headed to the court record hmm
indeed she appears to have returned the
day before the murder the victim was a
model but did not have a large income it
appears she had several quote-unquote
sugar daddies she likes she liked she
liked the older men not necessarily for
their looks but more for their money
daddies I've lost Australian completely
I have to find a better voice for this
guy he just looks like a schmuck though
so maybe that'll just be my
boys hmm okay
yes older man who gave her money and
gifts she took their money and use it to
support her lifestyle
dude we can clearly see what kind of
woman this miss snow stone was tell me
mr. BOTS what do you think of her now
right I don't think you want him to
answer that question yeah Larry has a
way of running his mouth and all the
wrong directions should I should I wait
and see what happens
or should I stop him from answering rich
we should probably stop him from
answering okay because if he runs his
mouth off he's gonna seem guilty I
haven't been paying as much attention to
the game portion of this as I probably
should know that's okay I'm so like
scanning chat for this or that do it and
yes yes I have seen Rick and Morty it's
good good great I'm gonna stop him from
answering my client had no idea the
victim was seeing other men that
question is irrelevant to this case
Flint
oh yes oh I think we did a good job dude
Nick what do you mean irrelevant that
cheatin she-dog I'm gonna die I'm just
gonna drop dead yeah when I meet her in
the afterlife I'm gonna get to the
bottom of this Oh butts well I should
continue with the trial shall we
so wait did we win that one or do I
don't I know this is like the tutorial
button I don't know I don't know
everyone that or every if we didn't win
that let's see here
oh boy this is not looking good
next question you went to the victim's
apartment on the day of the murder did
you not well did you or did you not well
maybe I did and maybe I didn't you know
he went oh what do I do
do I have him answer honestly or stop
him from answering what do you think
what what's your reasoning my gut
reaction uh-huh is to have him answer
honestly because you know the truth will
come out eventually right oh you'll be a
terrible lawyer I would be the worst
lawyer no I would say think like a
lawyer
do you believe your client is guilty or
innocent I believe text that I read
before I believe he's innocent okay but
but also do you think the truth will set
him free or do you think he'll he'll say
something stupid he was saying something
stupid earlier after I tried to stop him
from saying something stupid well when
you think like a lawyer but if I stop
him from answering doesn't that make him
look guilty right I am on the side of
stop okay but no you're probably right
stop him from answering I'll send him a
signal lie like a dog uh well see it's
like this I don't remember you don't
remember well we just have to remind you
know I've got a bad feeling about this
we have a witness that could prove he
did go to the victims apartment that day
first of all aren't I supposed to have
all this information before a case isn't
that what lawyers do just saying you're
overthinking it jack
I mean oh of course I am because I'm
thinking like a lawyer okay maybe stop
thinking like a lawyer okay well that
simplifies matters who is the witness
then who found the victim's body just
before making the gruesome discovery he
saw the defendant fleeing the scene of
the crime
oh we have a witness order order in the
court
Mishka Payne the prosecution may call
each witness yes your honor
no this is bad now the day of the murder
by witness was selling newspapers add
the victims building please bring mr.
Frank saw whit to understand I hope I
have pronouncing that correctly so it
okay mr. Samet you sell newspapers
subscriptions is is correct I you know
you see you see the sky rich and you you
want to go stereotype you want to go
stereotype Asian man and I don't think
that's the right call you know what I'm
saying but the guy with the the pink
suit who's kind of like swishing back
and forth yeah you're you're thinking of
going stereotypical Asian don't you
think doesn't he look like a
stereotypical like doesn't he look like
a cartoon Asian man pink suit and
swishing around and you're thinking
stereotypical Asian yeah see that's what
I'm thinking proper stereotype in this
situation I was thinking Shoji Tabuchi
is what I'm thinking that's exactly what
I'm thinking
I mean yes he also I I don't
maybe it's supposed to be red and not
pink you know Mei over here here's what
I'll do I'll do George Takei how about
that because then it's Asian and does
that work for your rich oh yes
newspapers yes okay with the gate
knocked up to like 11 okay I'll bow it
down a little bit you may proceed with
your testimony please tell the court
what you saw on the day of your murder
witness testimony I was Jewish too came
I was going door-to-door selling
subscriptions when I saw a man fleeing
an apartment this is a bad George Takei
I lost it as soon as I lost my Oh a
little bit I thought he must be in a
hurry because he left the door half open
I'm thinking it was arranged this is
just the voice of going I looked inside
the apartment then I saw her lying there
the woman not moving dead oh my i
grilled and fried and found myself
unable to go inside I thought to call
the police immediately however the phone
in her apartment wasn't working I went
to a nearby park and found a public
phone I remember the time exactly it was
one o'clock p.m. the man who ran was
without a doubt the defendant sitting
right over there check I am watching
this on a 10 second delay I am actually
I cannot do a voice yes wait 10 seconds
between me saying anything very well and
if this gets too tedious I'll just pop
in another game and then you and I can
wait until the next stream where we're
together and we can do voices if there's
a lot of voices in this I I'm kind of
fun of that I don't chat chat what do
you think how about this rich yeah let's
just get through this case this case and
then and then I was oh I have a link
between worlds which i think is
something I can kind of play and talk at
the same time ok ok let's see here hmm
Larry why didn't you tell the truth I
can't defend you against the testimony
like that incidentally why wasn't the
phone in the victims apartment working
yeah your honor at the time of the
murder there was a blackout in the
building odd phone's supposed to work
during a blackout yes your honor
however it sub cordless phones do not
function normally the phone that mr.
swalot used was one of those Your Honor
I have a record of the blackout for your
nozzle blackout record added took the
course record
great now mr. right yes sir yes your
honor
you may begin with your cross
examination and cross-examination your
honor all right right this is it
- real deal what Oh what am I supposed
to I'm supposed to expose the lives and
the testimony the witness just gave lies
ok ok ok great the chat is in favor of
us doing different day ok great we'll
finish this case yeah and we will do
this a different day with voices and I
will play a different game all the key
it's in the evidence compare the
witness's testimony ok great
yeah I get it ok great I get it damn it
all right here we go
let's see here blackout records
electricity to mrs. Stone's building was
out from noon to 6:00 p.m. on the day of
the crime okay
time of death was between 4:00 and 5:00
cause of death okay so here it is the
according to the autopsy report the time
of death was between 4:00 and 5:00 p.m.
and the witness said that he called at
1:00 p.m. so already we have an
inconsistency rich oh my god
yeah yeah yeah I know calm out jack well
I I'm gonna look at everything here okay
the statue the statue is in the shape of
the thinker it's rather heavy the
passport the victim apparently arrived
home for Paris on 7:30 the day before
the murder okay so then if we take the
autopsy report
and oh I have to point out
contradictions in that okay how do I
point out contradictions
I don't papers please she had to
highlight the two things with the rule
book and whatnot but right I don't know
how the hell that works in Phoenix right
I'm looking okay so this guy
and drag it I'll figure this out I'm not
looking at the chat because I'm gonna
figure this out
okay here it is cross-examine it oh I
just needed to get past that part I was
going Georgia doors selling
subscriptions when his on men fleeing
the department Oh
oh I didn't want to say hold it there I
find it odd that you would take notice
of him uh hey I don't know he just
seemed strange to me that's all like he
was mad and yet frightened at the same
time just like a criminal fleeing the
scene of crime oh I get it okay
I get it I get it in the chair still
sinning saying he's getting an error
when he's with the tips you're sending
tips too quickly I had to cancel a tip
that had a typo it's nothing sent but
I'm still getting the error we didn't we
didn't set up any sort of like time
limit with tips so
okay so so I need to wait until he gets
to I looked inside the apartment then I
saw her lying there a woman not moving
dead however the phone at her apartment
wasn't working I went to a nearby park
in front of public phone I remember the
time exactly was 1:00 p.m. wait
objection this is doing the thing I just
do anything I did it rich I said oh my
objection you found the body at 1:00
p.m.
you're sure yes it was 1:00 p.m. versus
and frankly I find that hard to believe
your statement directly contradicts the
autopsy report the autopsy notes the
time of death at some time after 4:00
p.m. there was nobody to or no body to
find at 1:00 p.m.
how do you explain this three-hour gap
that objection oh oh he objected now too
this is trivial the witness really
forgot the time after his testimony I
find that hard to believe mr. Shaw it
why were you so certain that you found
the body at 1:00 p.m.
well I see that's a really good question
great job right way to put a mouse pad
that's all you have to do point out
contradictions oh that's kind of fun
okay you know what I'm into it
whoa whoa I don't know how it got so
loud there sorry for everyone that
probably busted out a couple eardrums
lies always forget more lies see the
through the one if so falsified I have
been drinking why is the judge
questioning the witness because it's a
crazy Japanese game well supposedly it's
crazy Japanese court system right let
the game is base around so and this
could be how their court system works
I'm reading in the chat the Japanese
court system has a 99% conviction rating
holy moly yeah apparently everything's
stacked in the prosecution's favor well
then please wait I remember now
would you care to give your testimony
again oh okay he's changing his
testimony rich
oh you see when it would have found the
body
I heard the time there was a voice
saying the time of it it was probably
coming from the television oh but it was
three hours off wasn't it
I guess the victim must have been
watching a video of a taped program
that's why I thought it was one veamos
silly mr. Shaw wit that's what everyone
calls me mmmm
terribly sorry about the
misunderstanding I sure you heard a
voice sang the time on a taped program
mr. right you may cross-examine the
witness right you know it's it's you yes
oh I've got this one it's tough to keep
track of the voices rich I need you to
keep track voices where I was what I'm
saying is we're definitely doing this
together yeah yeah so we can more easily
keep track the voices okay I get to
cross-examine again and I get to
objection again cuz
know exactly what this is I just know I
want to be a simple southern country
lawyer yep here it is
so mr. Shaw it says there was a voice
saying the time it was probably coming
from the television but not autopsy The
Blackout records objection
hold it right there the prosecution has
said there was a blackout at the time of
the discovery and this record proves it
whoa we're getting him nervous now rich
he's uh he's on defenses this is a
pretty fun game I get it you couldn't
have heard the television or a video
look good oh yeah well uh the defense
has a point do you have an explanation
for this mr. Schock it I know I have
ended quite puzzling with the ablator
Oh waiter I remember now mr. mr.
showered the court would prefer to hear
an accurate testimony from the very
beginning these consistent Corrections
are harming your credibility that and
you seem rather despot who my promise is
yours is listening the shock of the
shock of finding the body of my here we
go
Desmond testimony and hearing the time
but actually I didn't hear the time I I
saw it there was a table clock in the
apartment wasn't there oh that was that
was definitely it yes the
no weapon the killer used it to hit the
victim that must have been what I saw no
now he's he's just he's on the ropes
sweatin you Shaw a clock I guess that
would explain it
the defense may cross-examine the
witness
gladly oh this is going down this
cross-examination is happening okay so
this actually didn't hear the time I saw
it there was a table clock in the
apartment wasn't there I should press
him on this because he said he didn't
enter the apartment hold it a table
clock was there a clock at the scene
this is the first I've heard of it
oh yeah the readiness and the keys the
murder weapon the killer used it to hit
the victim no that was the statue
objection wait just a moment
the murder weapon wasn't a clock it was
this statue holy fuck
now how is this supposed to be a cock no
what do with your objections and your
and your evidence just who do you think
you are just answer the question mr.
Shaw it Hey let's hope they're okay
that's a clock Your Honor if I may
you're mr. Prairie as the witness stated
this statue is indeed a clock the neck
is a switch you just tilt it and it says
the time out loud as it doesn't look
like a clock I've submitted it as a
statue of my apologies I she
she now show the murder weapon was a
table clock after all hello mr. right it
appears that the witness's testimony was
correct this year's a cock do you have
any problems with this testimony of
course I do
well wait do I have a problem with his
testimony like a bit like how did he
know it was a clock right but do I so do
I have a problem with his test I mean
yeah I had a problem with his testimony
right is that something that happens is
that something that happens later in the
game you know everyone's saying yes yes
god damn it okay yes yes yes your honor
there is a gaping hole in the witness
testimony the only way he could have
known the weapon was a clock is to hold
it in his hand
yet the witness testified that he never
entered the apartment clearly a
contradiction the witness knew it was a
clock because he
because he knew the victim tell me isn't
it true that you knew the victim in fact
you were one of her sugar daddies
be frank with us mr. Shah whit Fred
Frank I'm always frank good Your Honor
we have complete rec rooms records of
the victims relationships mr. Frank
shalwick does not appear anywhere oh
damn it I think I did a bad thing
no I heard I heard bad music so I don't
think he knew the victim Damon don't
give up Jack okay okay please wish to
write his harm the best response trying
to refrain from making off-the-cuff
accusations in the future yes your honor
let me think of this over the witness
knew it was a clock because he went into
the apartment you were inside the
apartment on the day of the murder
oh yeah prove it prove I went in there
I'll do better than that I can prove you
were the one who killed her damn Phoenix
you struck her with a clock and the
shock of the blow triggered the clocks
voice that was the sound you heard order
in the court
intriguing please continue mr. Wright
yes your honor
mr. Shaw at the sound must have left
quite an impression on you
understandable since the murder weapon
spoke just as you hit the victim that
voice was burned into your mind that's
why you were so certain about the time
oh wow what's the meaning of this this
is all baseless conjecture baseless just
look at the witness's face like that to
his face as evidence that way that was
his big thing just look at his face with
the witness care to elaborate did you
strike the victim with the cock yeah
that day that day I never look the
cuckoo clock I heard no I mean I saw a
certain guy he just threw off his wig
shut up shut up you shut up I hate you
it it was him I tell you I saw him he
killed and he should I love a
melodramatic this is rich like it and I
did and I know you can't hear the sound
effects but like every time they cut
there's like a hard swoosh and there's
like big pounding noises when I move
this is brilliant
this is great order order in the court I
say please there isn't a shred of
evidence supporting the defense's claims
mr. fright your honor
you claim to shine the witness heard
came from the clock do you have any
evidence bullshit
the whole case is riding on this I'd
better think it through carefully
Your Honor the sound mr. Shah had heard
was definitely the clock
affect which is clear if you simply
at-rich don't look at the chat a fax
lied sliding my window over all right
what do you need okay
the sound he heard clearly came from the
clock yes a fact which is clear if you
simply examine the clocks batteries ask
the neighbors or try sounding the clock
try sounding the clock yeah well that's
just me but yeah okay the batteries
maybe maybe the batteries have gone dead
since then like what's not gonna tell
you I don't know I could just hurt your
case okay let's sound the clock now here
in this Court
Your Honor may I have the clock I ask
the court to listen very carefully beep
kind of thing you'd want to check out
like well in advance the the clock said
I think it is 8:25 that certainly is a
strange way to announce the time well he
is the thinker after all so we've heard
the clock what are your conclusions mr.
Wright mr. Payne can you tell me what
time it is
now it's 11:25 yeah as you can see this
clock is exactly three hours slow done
done we did it precisely the discrepancy
between mr. Shaw and heard and the
actual time of death
so mr. Shaw would try to talk your way
out of this one you forgot one thing
yeah what's he talking about now oh well
it may seem like the clock is running
three hours slow it proves nothing
how do you know it was running three
hours slow on the day of the murder
if you can't prove that you don't have a
case he's all right
how am I going to prove that damn it I
was so close mr. Wright it seems you
lack the critical evidence supporters
report your claim yes your honor
this means this means I cannot let you
indict indicting the witness
unfortunately oh no you fail we failed
oh this this ends the cross-examination
so what we probably wanted to check the
batteries first
right I'm not sure I don't under I don't
quite understand how we failed here they
come all the way down here to testify
and look what happens you even like a
criminal the criminal your lawyers are
on slime
I almost had him sorry Larry
I failed there's no there's nothing I
can do about it now oh really
oh wait Mia's coming in she says not so
fast mr. shower so much drama yeah Mia I
mean chief listen up right don't throw
this far away dad like this think but
chief it's over I can't prove the clock
was slow the day of the murder nobody
can prove that um well yes but that
doesn't mean you can't still win try
think here say the facts
Mia by the way is constantly on pain
medication that's why she sounds the way
she does that's fine the excruciating
back pain from her from her giant ever
exposed breasts triple D's yes it gives
her constant back pain so she's on
painkillers
don't waste time doubting the facts
sassoon the clock was three hours slow
and think it through ask yourself why
was the clock three hours slow
figure out the reasons and y'all have
your proof these batteries are three
hours slow can you can you think of a
reason why the clock would be so slow
yes
wait maybe I can prove it
you must have evidence somewhere that
can prove it right find a and then let's
hand them the slam heaven whether it's
your right you say the clock was already
running slow on the day of the murder
have you found evidence to support this
claim of course there's a piece of
evidence in the court record that can
prove my claim beyond a doubt the devil
is Zuppa this vellum ad see the evidence
that proves why the clock was running
slow so we have the the autopsy report
listed the statue her passport and the
blackout records
why would a clock be three hours
that's a good--that see I think that's a
fair question why would a clock be three
hours late obviously it was the victims
occupation model different time zone
where was her modeling job she's on the
clock for another city at another time
zone oh my god rich her so her passport
would prove because she was in Paris yep
I'm gonna click it that's too good to be
right there has to be boom take that the
victim had just returned home from
abroad the day before the murder as we
all know the time difference between
here in Paris is 9 hours
wait when it's 4 p.m. here it's 1 a.m.
the next day there the clock wasn't
three hours slow it was 9 hours fast
rich that's brilliant
nice the victim hadn't reset her clock
since returning home that's why the time
you heard when you struck her dead in
her apartment was wrong
proof enough for you mr. Shah it or
should I say mr. did it
Oh sick burn order I che see here well
this case has certainly turned out
differently than we all expected mr.
Payne your witness here he was arrested
and
he has been taken away so he's already
been arrested very well mr. right yes
your honor I have so I have to say I'm
impressed
I didn't think I've ever seen someone
complete a defense show quickly and find
the true culprit at the same time thank
you your honor at this point there is
it's only a formality but this Court
finds the defendant mr. Larry Butz not
guilty and oh and in the in their court
when you win confetti streams down hey
that's great that's got a make of a
prosecutor feel extra bad don't you
think yeah but you feel great when your
defense attorney oh yeah and with that
this Court is adjourned
ooh it turns out that Frank shall wit
was a common burglar he posed as a
newspaper salesman to check and see what
when people were out of their house that
day oh now we're gonna see what really
happened when Larry went to her
apartment the victim wasn't home after
he left mr. Shaw had let himself in to
do his dirty work while he was searching
her place the victim returned flustered
mr. Shaw had grabbed the nearest blunt
object he could find that's gruesome I'm
sure I'll see it 10 seconds you will
there's like blood leaking out of her
head
we did it rich excellent justice is
served
by the way you were you were there for
the cinch like I said all it did all the
dirty work Jackie got us there you know
and like I was thinking time zones but
then it never made sense to me like but
it's only a couple hours ahead and she
was in Paris you you had a you had
average good job in there
congratulations great we did it I'm just
trying to get out of here so we can save
yeah you say I'm gonna read some some
tips you really think I'm gonna read em
rich mortal rot says hey rich I know a
lot of people recommend games you but
that you would genuinely love fort
mission fort mission for LT has tactical
grid-based combat like XCOM but with
giant mechs would you like it ps2 yeah
sure why not
here's here's here's the issue though
I'm swamped with shit I want to play I'm
absolutely swamped right now we got doom
coming out shortly um playing something
on des
the guy enter the gungeon I want to play
that that wreck at air game there's just
a ton of shit on my gaming plate it
might invite sound very interesting I
couldn't make any promises about when I
would get the get to it so you're not
you're not under any obligation to send
it to us sea wolf 85 says my buddy's
name is Scott and he is the best damn
one bounce player of them all
I'm down for stream quality as his
birthday is today also shame on Ted
Rumsfeld for never tipping okay that's
the the birthday message guy his name
was not and he wants us quality so we'll
do that
Oh Oh see yeah if it's birthdays today
that I guess the quality doesn't matter
oh I get in come back to that in a
second let me get these other wants her
space bazooka says hey guys sent you a
box of games and the wire on DVD curious
if you got it yet if not just FYI it's
coming hope you guys are doing well take
care and lol fuck my cock the riddle of
Steel says that got through the riddle a
steel got through how do you measure the
worth of a man by how much he gains or
how much he gave also rich you're cool
too damn that was uh that was a
defensive Jack burn after I burned Jack
earlier so that was oh and I wasn't
paying attention I have to present
something now in efforts I've neither
gained nothing nor do I give I think
that's the implication rich you're cool
- oh sure sure just answer the question
how do you away man by how much he gains
or how much he gave how do you measure a
man's worth I hope it's gained because
I'm pretty fat I've gained a lot you
know in life oh I get it yeah
well I'm trying to by the way just
getting to the menu where you save
that's fine that's fine
is and so I'm just trying to read here
cuz in the middle of all of this
conversation I needed to present mr.
butts with something and I didn't know
what so I took a blind guess at it and
apparently I did it correctly and so and
then the riddle of Steel has another tip
based on Rich's pet pork deduction
Rich's the gumshoe no-nonsense detective
and Jack is the booming voice defense
attorney it's perfect
mm-hmm I'll make the big stink I'll make
the big show in the courtroom but rich
will gather all the evidence and
basically just tell me what to say but
I'll say it loudly alright so this guy's
his buddy wanted a
this page I'm reading the steam tips off
of it only holds so many and I missed
the earlier tip it was just a birthday
was it a general birthday greetings from
damp Don Wilson dad Don I believe it's
or he wanted an answering machine
message from Don Wilson and he gave you
his friend's name some 30th birthday
well wishing you don't have to donate
Seawolf just say something in the chat
what you need what you need Don Wilson
to do who we lookin forward with his
name Sea Wolf was at sea 135 Seawolf 85
then you were gonna get some kind of
zelda thing ready to go yeah I'm still
trying to get to a save menu okay
there's a lot of talking rich yeah lot
of talking
okay we finished our first trial where
is it where's this guy who what's going
on I saw that Oh bother
China banned erotic banana eating
streams I didn't even know that was a
real thing you can you can pause and
press save and end grade that's gonna do
it Sarah Shen just did it okay

[Part II]
okay monk one moment please
one moment please
are you waiting for these guys to wait
well you just I mean I'm just thinking
of what what I would say has done Wilson
let's let's let's brainstorm this what
would done what would Don Wilson call
call Scott for I was 30th birthday what
would he call him for yeah
well what would Don Wilson need with a
random 30 year old man you need a clean
set of fingerprints you need something
something with tubes unused twos unused
twos twos oh you just turned 30 well I
need your unused tubes from your
twenties you're not gonna need those
anymore like that I get it I get it all
right everybody take a moment while
while we wait for for this guy's name or
whatever we're waiting for okay I'm
gonna stand up I got everything I need
I'm just trying to think of a proper
book this is all you like I don't want
to get in between you and my spot my
name's dawn dawn Wilson I'm the owner of
Iowa's largest dating website
hey I heard I heard you just turned 20
going out oh fuck I fucked that up god
damn it I fucked it up yeah hi Scott
yeah my name's dawn John Wilson older of
Iowa's largest singles website what a
herd
just turned 30 years old well well I'm
gonna need on cuz I like I'm gonna call
because I'd like to have all your your
unused tools now now that your 20's are
over with I need all of them to someone
you're like 21 through 29 I need them
for my dating website so people can be
couples and like - it's not like I'm
doing a thing I know it's the best I got
go fuck yourself happy birthday jackass
so now I'm caught up on tips I am going
to stand up my soul I need a drink
well that sounded like it went well did
it go well rich now riches left sounded
like it did well I could hear it
I left my room what I left my room and I
could hear that rich yeah yeah I'm just
terrible I'm sure it was great I'm sure
it was great
I don't know if I've played this at oh I
should update the stream I'm sure it was
I'm sure was point vicarage it was it
was mildly acceptable there we go
kind of like yeah great
oh my gosh so H for the game a link
between worlds
that's what's what's the deal with this
one what's the gimmick other that's it
would probably look better with just 2d
sprite art I know it is I kind of to
these project its yes it's this is the
sequel to a Link to the Past
okay by a BT Dubbs first of all it's not
showing up here I'm just I never cared
much for the Donkey Kong Country look
the Donkey Kong Country Oh like 3d yeah
I guess sprites in a 2d plane yeah sure
sure I'm with you here's something weird
is this is not in the list of games
chaddy hold on but other 3ds games are
Phoenix Wright was yeah well is that a
deus game or is this a 3ds
oh sure
i dint of zelda a link between worlds oh
there it is never mind I just needed to
type the whole goddamn thing out and
update and done great we are now playing
The Legend of Zelda a link between
worlds okay
hooray hurrah everything is right in the
world chat are any 2d Zelda's better
than a Link to the Past any of the 2d
ones template I have not played a lot of
the hint nacho you don't think the only
handheld Zelda I've played was the
adventure was a links adventure the
dream 1 Link's Awakening Link's
Awakening that's it you know what I
think all of the handheld ones are
really good because they're in the same
vein as Link to the Past like Oracle of
season slash Oracle of Ages are pretty
good minish cap had some fun to it the
you know Spirit Tracks kind of sucked
but but you know not a lot you could
really do about that and it's it still
was Zelda II Lincoln you know driving
around on the on the old railroad tracks
was pretty fun
I don't know if this is my gamer now
anyone let's just quit and insert a new
game sure cuz one of the rare rare Zelda
games they'd actually be a sequel the
Spirit Tracks yeah
yeah I mean the Spirit Tracks and there
was the the other one related to Spirit
Tracks are both sequels to winwaker
right right right but there's another
Wind Waker e1 now earth spirit rack even
a sequel to though winwaker i have no
idea i know spirit Trekkies the same art
style yeah hold the exhale and our
buttons to delete this file great
Phantom Hourglass yes that's the name of
a chip thank ya that's so on nice great
alright here we go starting again well
oh yes Zelda 2 is a direct sequel to as
well yes you are correct everyone knows
that Wind Waker is the greatest is it
really or is that just the manual
pulling some bullshit out of its ass no
it made sense it made sense this cuz uh
you know in the original Legend of Zelda
you you rescue Princess Zelda hmm then
in the Link to the Past though there's
been asleep 400 years hmm I think the
manual pull some bullshit was the real
Zelda it was been asleep the other one
was just a different princess that feels
a bit like an asshole today it could
have been but it like it was still
supposed to take place after the events
of the first one and the the gameplay
corroborated with the theme so the whole
like Zelda's sleeping now is an aspirin
is an asphalt maybe
cuz I was got the feeling that that
legend was ill did to was was intended
to be a reboot just like all of the
Zelda's you can you can chat if you want
if there's like fans of that weird Zelda
timeline shit you can go to hell cuz
that's all bullshit oh of course it's
all bullshit but it's fun the Zelda
timeline that is not fun that's just
depressing oh no I think it's I think
that's like people talking about the
day-to-day lives of the Sith order it's
all just a lot of nonsense of bullshit I
mean it's nothing you should subscribe
to but I know there's another title this
one game we can't put this in anywhere
so I guess there's a fourth timeline
it's so much bullshit I mean it's it's
not correct but it's still fun I my
favorite is the bin Mario universe
timeline well it's it's just and stuff
you know it's fan stuff where you know
and they even incorporate stuff like
Donkey Kong and and punch-out because
Mario is the ref in punch oh my god no
but it's funny because they're just like
these were the jobs he had before he was
a plumber and then he became a plumber
and then you know he did all this stuff
and then you know stuff like Mario Cart
and Mario Tennis take place way after
all the battles and him and Bowser can
be friends that's it's cute though
anything is cute I think it's cute it's
it's not correct but it's a it's a whole
lot of cuteness okay yes is there a
timeline that tries to justify why duck
tails doesn't have human beings but but
quack pack does
yes I'm sure there is there isn't there
what is that there's the Pixar timeline
right yeah dad that's also not that's
nonsense that started you know why you
know why that truck isn't every Pixar
movies
well now it's running thing but earlier
on it's because because they reused
assets because it was cheaper yep I
build a new car when you've got one
lying around you know mm-hmm but it's
still fun but it's still fun
then thinking that it takes place all in
the same universe it's Dean it's just
fan garble where the hell did Bowser's
kids from Super Mario Brothers 3 go they
came in they came back they finally came
back they well they had this place with
that weird-ass obnoxious Bowser jr. well
you know it's because Bowser is not a
good father and so every once in a while
his children get taken away from him but
not Bowser jr. Bowser jr. by the way is
so much lamer than the Koopalings the
Koopa Kids absolutely absolutely so much
labor 100% labor he's all the lamer
yeah he's everywhere it's fucking
everywhere Jack yeah you know what Mario
maker doesn't have the Koopa Kids it
might you have to you have to shake
Bowser jr. yeah Mario maker has the
Koopa Kids unless they got added in I
don't think it does I have never seen
the Koopa Kids in the Mario maker games
or whatever it's always a Bowser jr. or
am I thinking of them the new Super
Mario Brothers I think you can shake
Bowser jr. and he turns into the
different kids
yeah I think someone in the chat I've
never seen that in a Mario maker level
it's always just Bowser jr. someone in
the chat what come on Chet
no one knows no one plays Super Mario
maker
no I was not making a terrible Sid's oak
in in Super Mario maker sometimes you
sometimes you you can change what an
item is by shaking it how am I supposed
to go again I've completely forgotten or
I wasn't paying attention in the first
place yeah oh there goes what's up there
yes we are using a 3ds capture card the
one really amazing thing about the 3ds
capture card is if it's playing on my
computer screen in real time and so you
can play a 3ds game while looking at a
big screen which is super amazing that
kind of the point in the first place
of what of this this capture card card I
think if that was the point it would be
like an HDMI out oh it's not an HDMI oh
it's a USB out weird yes well maybe for
space reasons actually that make sense
but it's very nice
hey Jack is there a simple way to do a
vignette in Premiere Pro or do I need a
plug-in yes there is a very simple way
now if you change in your in your view
settings or in your window settings they
have spaces and normally that's set to
editing space move the assembly over to
color and then it will give you basic
all of the basic color Corrections for a
shot and way at the bottom is a simple
vignette and it's just a button and you
can change the intensity and the bigness
of it head over to color it's very very
simple built-in you can turn it on turn
it off really easily I don't remember
exactly what it's called - changing the
view options button it's in there okay
let's see here looks very much like it
would like to be a Link to the Past I
think it's the they wanted area it's a
sequel or something I don't know so but
the big give to this one is you have a
power to turn 2d and stick to walls okay
that sounds familiar I think and it's a
top-down Zelda so yeah the 3ds only
outputs 2d video here watch what happens
can you see the the the floor move left
and right but it's like I can't see
anything that yet but you'll see it in a
second the floor is moving left to right
that's me adjusting the 3d slider and
that weird not saying anything yet oh
there we go yeah it's gonna wait a lot
for a little bit but uh
so you just see you can it just projects
all the 2d spectrums I can move it to 3d
but I actually really do not like the 3d
it makes me motion sick oh yeah the
first thing I did I turned on the 3d on
this thing and I instantly got a minor
headache it's yes yes absolutely and I
said oh my god why would anybody want to
do this
yep which is why it's really easy to
turn off because I'm sure everyone
complained about that
okay I got take the sword to the captain
I got the captain's sword great Kevin
okay great go to the castle and some
trouble is gonna happen at the cast we
all know what's gonna happen
all right it's a Zelda game everyone
knows what's gonna happen
of course you do you're gonna go to the
castle some shits gonna go down and
you're gonna have to use this it's gonna
be great
and then the event then the adventure is
gonna begin
okay who's been is visiting this
sanctuary go into the sanctuary kind of
digging the music I don't I hope you
guys can hear the music it's like it's
like The Legend of Zelda theme if it was
done by like it's like a bongos acoustic
guitar and a violins it's really pretty
it's kind of like all right full key I
dig it digs it all right to sanctuary
bitches be talking I just picked up my
IDs yeah
and I turned on a game that has 3d yeah
like like 3d graphics with the 3d effect
um um what's really weird it's
interesting and sometimes it looks
really nice but I still get motion sick
and a huge headache yeah I don't think I
would want to do this for the whole game
hmm
that's really weird mmm it's a nice
gimmick uh-huh Nintendos very good at
gimmicks I don't think they are and like
apparently for some games like the 3d is
really helpful like for platforming in
3d environments but sometimes their
gimmicks pay off mm-hmm I don't I don't
think people realize this but when it
came out the the nests controller this
that's simple as gamepad mm-hmm
that was gimmicky why every every every
home console before that had like the
the Atari style like giant giant
joystick oh sure sure that thumb pad
that's it that's a Nintendo innovation
real the d-pad yeah
at least I had never seen one before
that that's that's cool the analog stick
that was you know that was an innovation
of the n64 mm-hmm I remember that and
then they've gone crazy since we gotta
get crazier gimmicks but a thing you
wave around
Ganga doesn't really correspond to
what's going on to the screen that well
but it's a gimmick gangbusters that
thing you wave around everybody bought a
Wii everybody bought to ease one for
them and one for their parents because
you can Bowl but rich is so oh yes I am
old we've been over this channel look
here I was born in 1977 Oh shove that up
your ass oh oh that's not the way to the
Graveyard Wow
where's the graveyard don't be mad at me
I don't know where the graveyard is oh
here's a graveyard okay
aha secrets secrets rich you you you go
Jack you find them secrets oh I am
questing up a motherfucker oh and you're
like you grab them and drag them into
their spots okay great not you let's do
it okay great there we go
there we go okay great light the lamps
light the lamps rich I I can't do
anything I don't have the D s light the
lamps I could try but I really I don't
have any controls that will affect your
game that's probably true
hey J I could light a lamp in real life
and I'd have to go to the lamp store to
buy a lamp that I can light
I have kinds I've likes lamps with like
switches that's that's still lighting
the lamps turning on your lamp switch is
still lighting the lamps I don't think I
would ever call that lighting why I
would never I would never point to my
halogen lamp and and and point to
somebody and say like the lamp that's
just that terminology would it be
accurate I don't think so I think that
would imply you're setting it on fire
because you're not telling them to set
fire to the lamp
you're telling them to light it you tell
it's her dot if you say if you told
somebody to light the lamp they would
just look at you confuse light it up oh
here we go
yeah get out of here
can you read anonymous says Princess
Peach keeps getting kidnapped
Bowser keeps getting more kids yes
there's some rape going on you know the
kids all seem to be the same age yeah
and I think if like if there were some
interspecies coitus happening they would
look a little more human II you know
they all seem to be full koopa except
for my hair
well Bowser has her the other coupe is
don't like the normal ones right
but Bowser has hair hmm is is Bowser the
baby of a koopa rape Bowser
he's the most humanoid of all the
compasses and he has hair
oh his Bowser half human that's what and
that's where his vengeance comes from
that's worry that's why he needs
vengeance against Princess Peach because
her father
peaches father rapes his mother and and
birthed him yeah my god rich actually
let's say he was born first maybe he's
the true hair or error to the Mushroom
Kingdom
that's why he wants the Mushroom Kingdom
so bad there's some injustice going on
here jack this is like games of throne
this is just like games of Thrones that
tip led to some good things now we
talked about Mario Koopa rape yeah in
case you didn't think we could go down
that well
yes chat King Koopas kids all have hair
but their King Koopa skits and he has
her because he may be half-human yep
there's nothing it makes perfect sense
by the way it's the only thing that
makes sense that that is now canon and
in my mind i want to like to know that
wrench and he's he's not like kidnapping
peach to marry her or anything he's
kidnapping her to kill her so the true
heir to the throne because he couldn't
marry her there with her brother and
sister unless it's really games of
thrones and you know it's like the
Cersei and and what's-his-name you don't
watch the games the throne so you don't
know this isn't spoiling much because we
find out in the first episode but the
Queen in Game of Thrones is having sex
with her brother royalty thing yeah
that's an old-school royalty things that
happens royal blood is prone to was it
haemophilia I believe that reason
haemophilia is when you can't your blood
doesn't clot yeah some royal blood lines
that's a big problem because they they
had yeah it's all that inbreeding
okay so rich the priests daughter just
got trapped in a painting that sounds
terrible some real shits going down here
you know Sam I guess basically what I'm
trying to say if some real shits going
down here
what Dad you getting some tips rich oh
my god you know probably going mad over
this whole King Koopa thing Sara Shen
says you guys happen to do something
from both of my favorite series that's
frakkin great and I'm super grateful for
it
rich co-piloting the voices and the next
stream excites me I'm drunk
sorry I'm really looking forward to
playing more I'm just that little that
one I you know what I really like is
logic puzzles and if they can find a
neat way to person to like rewrap and
present logic puzzles I think that's
super fun and so that's all Phoenix
Wright is is you just have to look at
all the stuff and find the
inconsistencies the end and there's some
like leap of faith' detective work in
there too like with you and your and
your different time zones figuring out
yeah that was fun that was fun like I'm
looking forward to playing more of that
and I'm not sure how this is supposed to
be pronounced bas sbin I don't know if
they mean that as like base isn't like a
bass guitar isn't music or isn't like
bass like the fish sure I'm just gonna
say bass bin to assume music
he spent baseman that sounds better I
finally caught one of these live meat
also of anyone rape Bowser's mum it was
Robo jack well that probably wouldn't
produce a kid robot yeah yeah that
wouldn't produce a kid as fuck five five
thousand is a cardboard box robot robot
about five thousand he doesn't have like
a semen reservoir dye say yeah I'm
assuming he wouldn't he doesn't have
genitalia
he's a cardboard box robot that's true
that's true
so how does he have whatever you know
what it's best I don't know
haha you know what there yeah that's the
that's the correct thing rich it's best
if you don't know
you go you go rich
you go you go I don't know what a Mugen
is that Yuga is our enemy
oh you mean you mean you mean Ganon
no it's Yuga in this you mean gonna be
revealed to be beginning probable yeah
usually someone will be revealed to be
Zelda and the girl who got trapped in a
in a painting will be revealed to be
Zelda and that'll began anew rich have I
told you about the spelunky book the
book no my my very good friend krob this
is choose your own death book this is
not your own death book I I kept seeing
this and I was thinking about getting
this and krob gifted it to me
so the this company does a series of
books kind of going into a production of
a game like they did one for earthbound
and you know they did one for Kid Icarus
and whatnot and so they've recently put
out a book about spelunky but instead of
just like a scholar or a fan writing the
book they got Derek you the creator of
spelunky to just write a making-of book
yeah and it is one of the most amazing
reads I have had in a long long time
okay it's just him going through like
everything that had inspired him to make
the game what he was doing before what
he was doing after what led to his
creative decisions it's amazing and it's
like I was that good does he mention
spelunker he doesn't that he does not he
mentions the lunker a little bit but but
more so it's it's about like Mario meets
nethack which is an old roguelike he
talks about spelunker a little bit and
and but like he goes beyond that talking
about like Indiana Jones being his
reference for his spelunky guy and then
he goes into like the things that made
Indiana Jones famous in his life he just
goes back and back and it's it's like a
four or five dollar ebook and I cannot
recommend it enough for anyone who's
played spelunky or just wants to know
more about like indie game development
it was this that's pretty cheap oh yeah
cheap and a fast read and a Niva Attell
'he's a good story so oh rich yeah the
lady who got trapped in a painting was
not Princess Zelda because now we are
going to warn Princess Zelda okay okay
well that's a sequel to link of the past
that makes sense cuz we already met
Zelda that's true
whatever you know what it's been far too
long since I played a Link to the Past
where Zelda fairly early on yeah you
meet her in the castle you go to rescue
her put the castles under siege
oh that's right your uncles she's in a
dungeon yeah your uncle says hey I think
you got a telepathic message from her
I'm a member I'm a member
oh you know what else I wanted to
mention really quick while I'm going
through all this cutscene I don't give
two fucks about May the fourth do we
need to say that again yeah yeah because
because we didn't we didn't stream on
the fourth oh yeah oh that's right
that's right you did sorry and I wasn't
there for that just to remind people
that yeah it's it's a date that kind of
sounds like something they said in a
movie once
man do I not care that you remind them
that it's the the anniversary of the
Kent State massacre perfect thank you no
problem
may the fourth yeah I remember the kids
say that's okay well you weren't born
yet this is the National Guard that
killed students during Lex we've got a
protest thing Oh Sherman yep I remember
hearing about it okay
I saw that you were playing hand to fade
yeah and I got really jealous as I
really want to play that again
I was undefeatable oh yeah yeah nice
like not only was I not dying I mean I
was kicking ass I faltered a bit early I
actually almost lost to the jack of dust
because it had been a while since I
played mm-hmm but but after that
everything just started clicking just
started clicking Jack that's great and I
did so fucking good on the like the
success and fill cards mm-hmm remember
Devil's Carnival oh yeah oh I hated that
one first try shut the heck up first
fucking try
that's great that's great it's been so
long since I played into Fayette I was
just thinking about that the other day
because there they were talking about a
sequel yeah it's like I want an excuse
to play more and a favor
I just want different character models
that's all I want
yeah you know that's why we get a sequel
well they gotta get they got to get the
dealer back if he makes that game oh
absolutely
I'm talking about like a purple bunny
thing yeah and and I just don't care
about that I was supposed to go see
Princess Zelda and I woke up in my house
- a purple bunny thing soda has weird
things I know but they shouldn't be this
weird right off the bat don't I aren't I
supposed to get my mission first and
then weird things happen I don't know I
just know I don't like to look at this
game yeah just just visually yeah no I
think it's fine yeah cartoon it's a
cartoon
you got a sword nice one
ravio of the purple bunny thing is now
staying in my house
yeah eat it and save manual saves at
like windmills or what what are those
things called like won't know until I
see it it's not a windmill we could be
anything I know it's not a window it's a
it's a like a windmill that goes in
everything a weathervane manual saves at
weather vanes which is very strange
which usually go on roofs don't think
you might be right
got my sword
ah took care of it for you sucker cut
you up to hyrulean warrior you guys are
suckers what's going on over here more
vandalism oh I know it's gonna happen
there's a painting of us of like a of a
bad guy on the wall and the soldiers are
trying to clean it off oh those are
totally gonna come off the wall it's
gonna be awesome they think I think it's
just gonna be awesome he's gonna be
super fight what's the lame fight I
don't yeah I could be a late babe I'm
just gonna fight all the bad guys
you know that I that is my one looking
back I'm like a Link to the Past or
really any of the top-down Zelda games
is that the combat is super weak and I
know like the combat isn't a big portion
of it but just like flapping your sword
like fuck though thought you know you
talk about all of the Zelda's all of the
top-down Zelda's I don't think it's
anything to write home about and some of
the 3d ones either I think they got in
pretty writes in in Wind Waker and they
got it you mean they got it super easy
no you got a like roll around feel like
I was doing anything in combat in a wind
waker yeah oh you gotta like roll around
and dodge and it's great yeah dude you
gotta do shit firk and I supposed to go
I gotta go see Zelda Zelda's in the
castle but I can't get in the big door
to Castle Ridge I got a problem
they're doing an HD remake for Skyward
Sword is that on their agenda probably
not it was not very well received it was
terrible
it was pretty bad you know kind of like
was it terrible hey hey what are you
talking about you're talking about
recent you're talking about unannounced
recently released superhero movie like
listen I know we're not talking about
Captain America Civil War but I can tell
you that some recent superhero movies
are kind of this thing sort of thing oh
man get right out of town
telling tell an empire story
Kevin
that's right she's trust me I'm the hero
motherfucker back up slow your roll
Chad that's that's the closest you're
gonna get to a hypothetical spoiler on a
hypothetical thing I might
hypothetically be talking about mm-hmm
all i pathetic Oh completely
hypothetical I'm quite sure at this
exact moment in time either Jay or Mike
possibly both of them are working
diligently editing something oh yeah I'm
not sure how that's related no no no
just follow I just wanted to say you
know say that no just they're probably
editing something at this very moment
hmm oh okay I'm gonna be announced move
your ass and buff I got shit to do I got
adventure in this to do am I supposed to
do
wait Ganon got the Triforce again and of
course he did that dick what that
doesn't make any sense
oh wait these are like an order of these
paintings the golden high rose greatest
treasure of the Triforce once stoked
greed in the hearts of men a legendary
war was fought to keep it out of Evil's
hands great they're just recapping a
Link to the Past they might be painting
to a sealed Triforce to end the war of
the Triforce the royal family decided to
hide it in the Sacred Realm they
summoned the seven sages of legend who
used their powers to seal the Triforce
away yes yes they are retelling painting
three the demon king the demon king
Ganon was once just a thief until the
man broke into the Sacred Realm there he
stole the Triforce and transformed
himself then he took his evil campaign
back to Hyrule Hey Impa I'm not done
reading yet Anna read two things the
here wiggins a hero of legend arose from
humble beginnings awoken to his purpose
by a princess of Hyrule with the master
sword the blade of Evil's Bane he sought
the descendants of the seven sages
together they defeated the demon king
cannon and sealed him away in darkness
and finally the Triforce split apart the
Triforce was split into three pieces
separated forever one piece remains with
the royal family another piece has
fallen into the hands of Ganon a sealed
away with him the third piece of the
Triforce has vanished though legend says
it is hidden in this spirit of a
true hero that yes okay who could any
will be rich I know maybe it's this
person who gave us a tip Gonzo's razor
says bitch fun fact
fun fact 1977 a serial murderer was
executed by firing squad in Utah at his
own request I now understand your
hallucinations of hitting people and
with the butt of a rifle have a good
night
reincarnation isn't a thing science if
it was everybody knows I was Joan of Arc
mmm-hmm a mad lady who just wanted a war
yep just because you want to fight
anymore
that's totally beep mm-hmm
but who were you in between because
there was a lot of time in between there
just schmoes you were all schmoes
between then and now long line
incarnation wait you mean you were
nobody between between Joan of Arc and
now or you were it's a very long line
what do you what do you do when you're
on the wait list nothing it's really
fucking dull centuries centuries of
thinning yes and then they said this
body is yours Joan of Arc meet Richard
Edlund Evans then you get sucked in yeah
yeah it's exactly how it works yes and
thus begins the age of Evans I love it
rich I don't uh yes rich his middle name
is Edlund
little known fact the possibly
well-known fact I like to give people
fake middle names Richard Edlund was a
special effects guy thank you still
anyway what was the last thing he worked
on I knew I worked on the Sam Raimi
spider-man films he worked on Star Wars
mmm-hmm but all I know is that that was
a little short that he made a while ago
yeah Richard Edlund versus his sons yeah
so I like to make up people's middle
names cuz I think it's funny oh my
actual middle names is more bizarre than
that yeah do you you count a gunpoint
confirmation name yeah yeah if it was
confirmed then that's a that's real
that's it because I had no faith but my
grandmother was gonna have a heart
attack if you if you count if you count
that uh-huh
I am Richard William Thomas Michael
Evans but I don't count that I am just
Richard William Thomas Evans wait you
have two middle names yep
that's unusual I want all let you know
yeah and with confirmation you have
three middle names yes say you say your
full name again Richard William Evans
that's crazy
yes first of all it's just crazy that
you have two middle names okay you need
to know that usually a person has one
middle name here's how here's what I
think the story is no my mother had six
brothers and I think she wanted to get
as many of them out of the way as
possible
all right yeah that's crazy
I mean she thought I'm I'm not doing
that five four times give them all the
names all the names all the time have
you ever met someone with no middle name
I have go around asking everyone their
middle name really yeah that's like
that's like my icebreaker not having a
real name
no is just like asking people what their
middle name is oh really
yeah yeah yeah yeah sure you you might
not remember cuz you were all high on
painkillers but no of course I'm joking
that that's my icebreaker I do know
someone with no middle names oh yeah and
now I know someone with two middle names
and so my life has just gotten like 300%
more spectacular well I'd say it's
balanced now I guess you're right it's
not unusual I can no longer meet anyone
on the other side your life now has the
proper number of middle names bridge I
feel so at peace with myself
okay I gotta go it's Hank so everybody I
was not paging through this story while
we were talking and now and now I just
jumped through that all that story cuz
we gotta get to the game we gotta move
move on move ahead here I once dated a
Pakistani guy with like five middle
names they'd be rough I mean you know
obviously middle names aren't really
used for anything specifically well you
know lots of people on the earth lots of
people who are gonna have the same first
and last names
I'm sure sure middle middle name hopes
out adds another dice roll yep yeah I
guess another another rich heavens fun
fact fun fact yeah I I have an erroneous
double arp card and i have for like like
15 years they sent one of the mail you
have an AARP card yeah okay that's
interesting I'm sure there's a there's
an elderly rich Evans out there
somewheres like where the fuck is my
AARP card calls them every day wait
where's my card I can't I can't get into
the movie theater for my discount price
oh he's pissed that rich Evans is pissed
I'd be pissed do you get into movies at
discount prices no do you ever use your
your ill-gotten AARP card it's it's I
haven't put away somewhere I haven't I
haven't thought about it in a while
really I know the AARP sends me stuff
all the time and I don't know why we're
all gonna be old sooner or later a lot
of the chat thinks I'm old right now you
are old right now I'm old right now
old enough it's in here nope 10th is a
difference between early or maybe even
pre middle-aged and elderly well there's
a difference between old and elderly you
can be old and not elderly okay okay you
know two kids were old Marvel's gonna
have to start worrying about aging the
cinematic universe you know they're
already slapping that makeup pretty
heavily on Chris Evans I'll tell you
that what's what's his face
rody I can't think of his name Don
Cheadle that's Don Cheadle Don G Lee
he's starting to look pretty along with
the tooth yeah yeah I can only imagine
after infinity Wars there's gonna be a
reboot or like a universe reset or at
least they'll focus on different younger
characters I don't know yeah by that
time that could be and then once they've
got a few of those then they go for the
reboot sure you have to wonder though as
a fan of oh go ahead you can't replace
Robert Downey jr. too soon
no you can't do that you you need to
create a Robert Downey jr. void in which
you've gone so long without a proper
Iron Man that you're willing to accept a
lesser Iron Man yeah
yeah but you do have to wonder how they
will handle that like being being
comic-book fans we can we know that that
happens every once in a while will
there'll be a universe resetting event
in DC maybe it only happened to Marvel
recently well we're aware of them so
like how will they handle that in the
movie or are they just gonna recast and
just say no but this is the same Captain
America
you know like like technically speaking
the Incredible Hulk with with
what's-his-face is canon oh uh what's it
what is it
oh damn it Edward Edward Norton The
Incredible Hulk with Edward Norton is
canon and so they just recast him but of
course the Hulk and the modern marvel
cinematic universe is Eleison lesser
character so um how does the Edward
Norton Hulk relate to the angly Hulk not
angry Hulk is not canon okay okay even
though technically speaking Incredible
Hulk Edward Norton Hulk
starts off with him in a South American
country and that's where Angley Hulk
ends so they could be sequels but they
are not officially sequels if that makes
any sense okay
so really we've had three cast changes
for Bruce Banner yeah but do you can't
get away with Robert Downey jr. no god
no and like Chris Evans has been so
prominent at this point I don't think
you can get away with that with Captain
America either Ryan you can you can pull
that off with like a Dusty Rhodes and
they did
hahaha they did and everyone was happy
does anyone like that actor or what's
his name Cuba Gooding jr. no no not Cuba
Gooding a Terrence Howard okay okay does
anybody like Terrence Howard in anything
I hear he's good an empire the show but
I can't like I don't think anyone likes
him as an actor
there are three characters that have
been Captain America is all currently in
the Cinematic Universe one what are you
talking about blueberry you crazy you
crazy gotta pay attention to this game
so I can keep moving forward no I don't
want hint glasses get out of here no one
likes the hint system are you stuck you
can get a hint if I'm stuck you designed
a bad game can we clues in the game
motherfucker gotta go talk to him what a
fucker okay I'm gonna see if the chicken
attacks me I'm gonna hit a chicken with
my sword come here chicken do that thing
with the chickens attacking because it's
funny you're just a jerk hits chickens
then yeah what else we gonna do not hit
the chickens yeah I guess I could not
hit the chickens if I want to but I just
want the chickens chickens this chickens
again into chickens if I'm stuck you
made it yeah you know what
I obviously that was a bit of a
hyperbole to canter 7.41 but I feel like
if you are stuck in a game as a player
you either need to figure it out or they
might have done something wrong in the
game what is this in relation to oh I I
made an off-the-cuff remark about if if
I'm stuck in a game you made a bad game
and and what I'm gonna say is if I'm
stuck in a game if I cannot figure
something out
usually I will go through a like a
series of like you know retracing my
steps maybe I missed something right
depends if you're talking about like a
fast-paced action game
mm yeah then I never want to be stuck
and not know what to do oh you're
talking about like a classic tomb raider
where the whole thing is exploring and
puzzles and figuring out how to open up
that door hmm
then it's okay a little bit stuck or
like a Zelda game you know or it's like
if we're a little bit stuck that's fine
but if I just cannot progress forward
just geez she's the era of the Internet
where would we possibly go to find
information
I don't know God I I kind of wait to the
next issue of the Tendo to power comes
out before I can figure this one out
Barnes & Nobles has a paper book I could
buy by the walk through the hints and
tricks book
oh yes that's right and in the comics
both the Falcon and the Winter Soldier
were at one point Captain America yeah
that's not quite we're talking about
that like replacing having a different
person character as Captain America is
one thing but can you put someone else
in the in the role of Steve Rogers items
an older Shia LaBeouf is now Steve
Rogers is Shia LaBeouf yeah you can't
you can't really do that that would be a
really tough ask not what that was that
character well and it's like it doesn't
work you know this is part of the joy of
or part of the upper-hand that comic
books have with their art style where
it's like you know you can draw Captain
America a little bit different and
everyone will accept that that is still
Steve Rogers but you have a different
actor in there and that's a lot to ask
of an audience especially an audience
who is now in love with Chris Evans as
Captain America yes that's a really
tough and ask that many people were in
love with Terrence Howard as write and
Rohde not a big character not a huge
part of the first Iron Man movie rody
was first and last name I have no idea
what his name is that's how big of a
character he is Iron Man Coulson's
pretty big character in the comics he's
war machine iron man calls him Rhodey
yeah I know like they did replace the
Hulk but everybody's fucking confused on
whether or not the Incredible Hulk
happened if they tried replacing Mark
Ruffalo you might have an issue
yeah he's the popular one
and he's great I just reached all Tron
and man that mark ruffalo he nails it I
have not bothered to watch age of Ultron
since seeing at the theater oh yeah yeah
they do so much right in age of Ultron
that tells you well yeah I
I barely remember I could I had trouble
remembering if I liked it or not I think
that was one of those ones that was
largely on the fence about its quality
yeah it's funny where it's like there's
not a ton of weight to it you know and
then you you you you kind of realize
that like they save that for their
individual movies like you know
character growth stuff that's for their
individual movies this is them just
coming together as a team and so all it
concentrates on is them functioning as a
team so that it's not a terribly deep
movie but I think that's an okay thing
problem is them coming together to
function as a team and they kind of
already addressed that first one but
it's not them coming together to
function as a team it's Team Dynamics
okay it's you know how do you how do you
continue to work with someone who acts
completely different than you also chat
yes you're right Dusty Rhodes is a
wrestler that that totally rings a bell
he makes great noises
you with me nope oh no I'm dead I'm at
the time Dusty Rhodes Dusty Rhodes
sounds like a wrestlers name just gonna
put that out there what was the last ted
poe movie you really liked slashed loved
I I really liked Winter Soldier i watch
that a couple nights ago two or three
nights ago before saying Civil War
oh yeah that's a fun movie once your
soldier what our soldiers great and I
like I like the Avengers the first one
you know what's funny after re-watching
Ultron something I noticed do you
remember in Winter Soldier how at the
end there were some people that were
loyal to shield and some that were loyal
to Hydra do you remember the guy who
wouldn't launch the helicarriers early
like with the curly hair the nerdy guy
yeah he's on the Helicarrier at the end
of age of Ultron oh because he was a
shield loyalist and he wouldn't do what
the evil guys wanted him to do so just
like the little things like that in the
cinematic universe er stuff I really
enjoy so like he's one of the pilots on
the revamped Helicarrier at the end of
Ultron from Nick Fury special team it's
like oh that's neat just tiny little
things I didn't notice that the first
time the first ice age of Ultron before
I saw Winter Soldier I like we saw
winter soldier for the first time like
two nights ago that's so crazy to me
yeah I'm a you know I'm a bit of a I
like doing things in order
even you we talked about this like in in
what what episode of Star Trek The Next
Generation should you watch first is
like for me watch them in order cuz they
what our soldiers won I wasn't hyped
about because I can't stand the fucking
last act of the First Avenger Captain
America the First Avenger right right
part of that movie I think it's just
garbage and we have you know we disagree
on that part on and sure that's fine
yeah right so you weren't super hyped
for him yeah it was like well they're
making the sequel okay
now that's a fine movie that elevator
fight scene isn't that great the great
the great part is just like it's really
just that line yeah anybody knows what's
going on or something like that yeah oh
yeah he sees the fight coming before we
get before we get going
he wants to get off now each instance be
and you get that awesome close quarters
fight scenes couldst you know you know
what really struck me after i rewatch
that a little bit ago is how um and
obviously we're getting into spoilers
for Winter Soldier which is an old
enough movie where everyone should have
seen a funny how wonderfully comic book
II the the computer brain room was well
that's that's that's uh Behrens oh ah
right
that's that guy with the TV chest in his
stomach in the comics oh is that oh you
know sometimes I put things together
like that yeah I just love the imagery
of the entire work you know a giant room
full of thousands of reel-to-reel
computer tapes
yeah and you know like this is like
Winter Soldier is a fairly like
quote-unquote serious movie about like
espionage and surveillance and the role
of government and protection and then
you have this you know goofy ass room
with a living computer brain and I I
really enjoy that about the Marvel
Cinematic Universe they're okay they
like having a little fun with it
ah Winter Soldier she's glad you finally
saw it didn't were you told you had to
see it before the new movie did you
decide to I was I was planning on
watching and it wasn't like I wasn't
told like you better you better go see
there's like I think J just asked me
like one day before I left sick are you
gonna you gonna watch winter soldier
I think I will it's the smart call to
make as it obviously it's a very good
movie I also rewatched ant-man recently
because he's in the the Civil War I
haven't seen so I still feel 100% mad
towards a men it's just not I just don't
think it's that good but I kind of want
it to be good because um I can give you
no opinion because I want to love what's
his name who's a man Paul Rudd Paul Rudd
I love Paul Rudd so much that I just
want the movie to be better than it is
and I still think it's good like it's a
fine movie but I want it to be like a
good movie you know if that makes any
sense
it's right now like ant-man is
acceptable and I would I want it to be
good do you want every movie you watch
to be good but but because of Paul Rudd
like I really want it to be good you
know you just you just want the best for
Paul Rudd you right don't you
I don't I don't have strong feelings
about Paul Rudd one way or the other you
don't that typically are you saying you
don't think about Paul Rudd at least a
couple times a day that's what I'm
saying yes like what what he's doing
what's happening with his life correct
correct
really which of course means I hate him
and everything he's ever done rich Evans
why do you hate Paul Rudd so yeah I know
I know
we're gonna died I'll tell you this much
yeah I don't really feel like this is a
spoiler he's a nerd he's entertaining of
course well you said he was lacking in
that bad which I haven't seen I know
he's I know he that character is
entertaining in civil okay no I'm like
he's fine I I felt like his performance
in ant-man he wasn't Paul Rudd enough if
that makes any sense he's Paul Rudd II
in it in civil war okay no and I think
his his character would work a lot
better in an ensemble you know give it
like let him be the snark and let other
people take care of that position I'm
not saying anything else don't say
anything else I am I am most likely
going to feel very different about civil
war than you are so I'm not too worried
but I just don't I don't want to me a
little moment spoil because I'm very
much looking forward to it
as I am a super-hype Marvel Marvel fan
boy and I am I will not apologize for
that oh oh I forgot what I was doing I
gotta go to the X I started cutting
grass as you do in Zelda games
has one dozen Zelda games came out here
active Rex
yeah active I'm running into active Rex
rich are these tektites I forget
tektites are the spiders oh I didn't say
- the one I had spiders yes this protect
eyes doctor rocks or the little octopus
things that shoot rocks you're running
into both I'm running into both I'm
dealing with them a Hendley question is
why why why would octorok cipher be on
land but I know they have been
traditionally in the series just seems
weird they're an October there's some
kind of octopus thing but that's what
makes them so upset rich is they want to
get back to the water and they think
that you're stopping them from getting
back into the water that's where they
fire on you why'd they get out of the
water in the first damn place
well they they're they're octopuses they
can't they don't have like the the
mental capacity for abstract thought
they they're just they're octopuses are
insanely intelligent is that true yes
well there goes my there goes my theory
there was there was something in the
news recently about an octopus that
actually engineered his own escape from
an aquarium and got back into the ocean
that's kind of Awesome
but they're not dumb animals oh yeah
well there you go there you go hey rich
did you uh did you hear about SpaceX the
second landing do you know what SpaceX's
corporation private space corporation by
Elon Musk autonomous reusable rocket
engines yeah for those who don't know
the idea is you know rocket sends
something up into space and then usually
it breaks apart and just is now space
junk but Elon Musk wants to send stuff
up into space and then send the rocket
back down so it can be reused and
haveit autonomous so a computer lands it
and now twice now they have successfully
landed the rocket part which is super
awesome
just for science and everything because
what we're getting to is a cheaper way
to send people to space and what they I
approve of that but I'd be uncomfortable
getting on a privately owned reusable
spacecraft I wouldn't cause like you
know cars you know you use them more
than once and eventually eventually they
break down once your rocket ship breaks
down you died yeah sure sure we've been
using it for 20 years it's works
flawlessly well oh sure you know but I
mean maybe five uses sure sure I'll take
five we still get up in airplanes that
have been around forever and not you
know it's not that often that they crash
this is just a normal thing that happens
oh I know look I am not at all
comfortable getting on an airplane okay
oh yeah rich does not like an airplane
travel what does that kill there was
some kind of rich famous guy who got
killed because the plane he got in was
just super fucking old they've repaired
the wing like 50 times the same crack
and eventually that one's just had a
complete failure yeah yeah absolutely
no it's dangerous I forget who it was
but he was famous and it was it was they
thought it might have been terrorism
because he was connected to some kind of
Cuba thing oh oh but it turned out the
plane was just really fucking old
oh that's horrible I feel bad laughing
oh you dick how do I get to where I want
to go it's like the guy who owned like
Vidal Sassoon or something weird if
something weird like that okay yes that
is weird
the the moral of the story is we are
getting we are start we're seeing the
beginnings of affordable space travel it
was a sea plane I know people in the
chat are trying to look it up all I can
tell you is it was a sea plane and it
crashed because the wing tore off
because it was the crack in the wing
that they just kept fixing over and over
and over again that's fine but
affordable space trip oh yeah I know I
know we're we are living in the future I
would love to stay but we had like a
space or something like that wouldn't it
be amazing yep wouldn't that be yes
amazing I love space Jack fucking love
space
no and Tesla just got a government
satellite bid one of the first
government contracts not to go to die
bolt or Halliburton in like 20 years
it's amazing things are happening in the
world
look Chad you can knock me out and send
me to space but I'll be screaming the
whole weight right I'll wake up even no
even knocked out rich will scream I will
scream will knocked out yeah I fucking
love space and star wars yes
and yeah oh yeah what you're sorry no if
you're known for your after we're at
Lockheed and Boeing Tesla has has
unmanned op alized Lockheed and Boeing
for the first time like 20 or
thirty years to send a satellite into
space for the government and now they
are sending rockets back and forth with
ease it's amazing
did you see their their their model s
biohazard filtration system no it's this
man is amazing so you know his cars are
beautiful his Tesla cars all electric he
is starting to put in them
biohazard filtration systems that that's
meant for a heavily polluted areas you
know he's thinking about like China and
Japan that will filter out pollutants in
the air and according to him that these
filters are so good the safest place to
be during a biohazard attacked is in a
tesla car and so he built a dome with a
car in it he put some chemicals in the
dome and the car started filtering them
out so like inside the car was
breathable air he's an insane person and
I loved him so much
there's something crazy like like Tesla
has not technically earned a profit in
its entire history of being a business
because they keep building too many
awesome things got a couple oh yeah
the riddle of Steel says rich I haven't
seen civil war yet but I know ant-man is
funny and spider-man seems cool from the
trailers what's your hot take on an
insect men crossover team up movie would
they fit well together I'm gonna say yes
yes I think that would be a very fun
team-up who ant-man Paul Rudd ant-man
and what's-his-name Hiddleston or
something we're good the new spider-man
Paul Rudd ant-man and civil wars
spider-man teaming up as movie ant-man
in spider-man oh yeah that'd be a lot of
fun that would be a lot of fun that
would be a lot of fun oh I'm gonna be
crazy
a JM 407 says you guys helped me through
unemployment I start working Monday
congratulations hey welcome back to the
work force I'm so sorry
or congratulations that you have a job
and can now buy stuff every day just a
little bit more your souls gonna get
sucked away and I'm sure you're gonna
really enjoy the food and you can let's
say you can't stand it anymore
so you just can't stand it anymore you
just want to go nuts
one day just bring it just pretty gun to
work or you gonna like enjoy your time
maybe meet some friends and maybe you
don't plan on using let me just feel
like bring it with you once just to just
to see what it feels like just to just
to fill out those waters maybe join join
your your your work softball team and
you know hang out with people and make
friends with common interests it'll be
crazy just knowing that the only thing
that is keeping your boss from from your
soul sucking horrible boss and
co-workers from a horrible end is you're
you're on your own will in in your in
your briefcase you know what's there
speaking to you and then that'll get you
through another day I'll make all the
noise stop just use me I'll make it so
quiet in here enough to get you through
that day but maybe not the next day
maybe not then it's so loud in here we
could make it real quiet
yeah because the future is uncertain in
the end the end is always near I'm sorry
I was just I was just daydreaming about
bidding somebody in the head at the back
end of a rifle what were you talking
about the exact same thing that's
wonderful
you crazy bastard rich I love it
wait I can't aim that's weird I just got
the bow and arrow and maybe I'm wrong
but like usually when you got the bow
and arrow you couldn't move but you use
that stick to aim and now in this one
you can move but you can't control your
aim so we're kind of stuck in whatever
position you were in before that's weird
that feels wrong the chat is asking
where the back end of a rifle thing came
from here's here's how that bit was born
I was I was thinking it would be funny
it's like doing interruption where I
wasn't paying attention because I was
daydreaming about violence I just
thought that was funny mm-hmm
my first thought was club clubbing
somebody to death I was daydreaming
about clubbing somebody bad for that
just not funny enough it's two to
blatantly violent and not quite funny
enough hmm
shooting somebody not quite violent
enough it's a quick end but if you have
the ability to just quickly shoot
somebody but instead you choose to
bludgeon them yeah that's why it's
specifically the back end of a rifle but
I was also like it's it's oddly specific
yeah and so I think that adds a lot to
it just like the the syllable density of
like beating someone in with the back
end of a rifle has a really nice bounce
to it don't you think yeah
get down here tektite we're gonna hit
you with my Ford I did it I hit him with
my Ford Rick now fuck you you know what
fuck you statue
blam-blam-blam- what reg yeah I think we
got another couple tips ok ok we got
some tips some bits of tips hit refresh
refresh that mutter bad gamer Korean
says hey Jack and rich are you having a
great night because I just got into med
school downside is that I'll have to
unsub from prereq in the fall thanks for
the entertainment hey no problem
congratulations on med school you're
gonna make a difference you're gonna
help people you you heal those cripples
do it do it man you're gonna you're
gonna do great things and then when
you're a doctor and making a bazillion
dollars then you subscribe again how
about that if you find the cure for
cancer it's worth the loss of the sub
money find the cure for cancer that's
surprisingly positive rich I love it
cancer cancer cure bad gamer Korean
performing the test I don't care if you
if you're not in med school you start
testing now most people out there to
test on shit
nobody cares you're a rabbit I might get
cancer at some point in the future and I
need that cure
kind of love it kinda love it Perry pper
you know just that pure Pierre P know so
I in there just PE re Pujols is PE re is
peer like like we're peer or were sorry
that's were so that's / yeah / is what I
would say something Jules says hey
prereq what are the odds of us seeing a
highbrow Swamp Thing adaptation within
the next 20 or so years would you
support such a thing
well DC's not gonna do a highbrow
they're just gonna make it dark and
violent and pretend that highbrow but I
would love to see a dark and violent
Swamp Thing
so I'm okay with that wishes do we think
we'll see it no okay you know why the
swampthing can't have abs know what I
want you to do is pictured DC's version
of Superman and Batman right now like
the just huge muscle e handsome men and
then picture Swamp Thing and we can't
have super handsome Swamp Thing or we
more importantly we should not have
super handsome Swamp Thing because
that's not one things thing and you know
they would want that they would they
would treat it like like like that
frankenz i frankenstein remember i
frankenstein yeah this nobody saw is
super sexy Frankenstein's monster that's
what they would want that's what they
would want to do is Swamp Thing they
were like you know what we'll make him
like some green paint on them maybe you
like some
here there but at least super sexy chris
hemsworth his Swamp Thing exactly
unless convinced that that's that'll be
why you don't see it I don't know oh
well no no that's why we shouldn't want
to see it I don't I don't think they'd
make it that way Jack cuz that's what it
would be rich that's exactly what it
would be I think I'm ready to call it as
it's quarter to midnight that's fine
I think you've got a decent stream I
thought I think so we cobbled it
together sorry for the late start sorry
for missing Wednesday that's my fault
completely I'm glad that rich was there
to pick up the slack for me do you have
the washer on I do have talked Ron
before before we read torture names I do
want to mention right now on vices
YouTube channel they have a mini
documentary about the making of Miami
connection I saw that it's it's like 20
minutes or so and it's it's a the guy
that actually found the reel that
discovered the real who is one of the
hackers from deadliest prey that's I
thought he was one of them I wasn't 100%
sure into interviews YK came some of the
cast's and kind of goes through the
history of Miami connection and it is
amazing it's like I want it to be a
feature-length documentary I want it to
be longer it's so good and I was really
worried about watching it like a couple
people on Twitter we're telling me about
it I was really worried about watching
it and I realized why that is is because
I think some of the reason why I haven't
seen the room is because I think Tommy
Wiseau is a dickhead that's how he comes
across as a super asshole to me and
that's why I've never been interested in
seeing the room
okay that's at least part of the reason
and so like I didn't want to watch this
documentary like it was like what if YK
came it's like a total dickhead right
yeah where is this again this is a vise
made it so you go to vices YouTube
channel it's on YouTube I'm sure I'm
sure just searching for Miami connection
documentary that might that might find
it for you too yes oh I'm already seeing
links in the chat yes bad gamer Korean
captain nitpick thank you for linking to
that go watch it now it is and it's like
but also YK is this amazing man who just
wanted to make a movie and is it's
heartfelt and it was a really fun
documentary and I wanted to make sure
everyone knew about it go watch that
tonight because it's great okay so
subscribers before you read that and
last tip last mister mister glitch
desire which preacher said learning to
solder
check out these tutorials thank you very
much oh actually I will actually look at
that because I am dirty and I would like
to know how to solder well now we know
what rich is gonna do with all of his
free time he's gonna eventually Jack I'm
gonna solder a fucking capture card into
this 3d yes I am super excited about
that and we will stream it and I might
hope that you fail live I'm not saying I
want you to like fail at life I just
wanted us to film it and then we'll film
you succeeding too to kind of let's make
it that's that's awful still closer of
you Jack yeah I just know what makes
good videos
well here's what I really want I want
you to fail for a little bit and then I
want you to figure out what went wrong
and fix it so it ends on a high note
okay how about that how about that all
right let's see here we have spy net
three one five um kool-aid man 19 months
in a row
Genghis Borgnine eighteen months in a
row kick girl V also could be kick girl
five if you're going Roman numeral
Durkin
outside think of me
wow that's great jerkin Durkin like like
turducken like through ducking but with
dumb people Durkin killer cbh iron eyes
jolly nihilist uh hold on for a second
come axion says that Miami connection
dock is full length what maybe you just
saw a shorter version version I'm
clicking on that link to max in I'm
opening that URL come axion commit Sein
boom got it thank you
fucking got it I don't know if this is
working or oh it's loading hold on I
want to pause it that's great you might
have just heard a little bit of the
intro to that and sorry about that same
thing just happened to me know that link
is for the full Miami connection Oh
welcome back get your shit together get
your shit together that is just for the
movie apparently that's not I've seen
the movie you guys get it together where
was I
I don't pirate that shit don't pout ion
eyes
Joey nihilist kracko Kane eight months
in a row
galactic Shana six months in a row dr.
Gunter hunter hanker for five months in
her hometown mark up 21 fucking months
in a row terror both eyes out four
months in a row bad Korean gamer seven
months in Rome thank you all for
subscribing we've really appreciate it I
really do it's really true and thanks
for coming out on a Friday night oh
there there no no Sunday probably no
Sunday as it is Mother's Day and why
don't we just say definitely so there's
not like confusion right up until the
time sure that's probably a good idea
yeah no no stream on Sunday as it is
Mother's Day we will see you next
Wednesday for more fun and excitement
good I don't know where OBS is so I
can't end awkwardly rich that's fine
what just sends it you know I unless we
could do a proper ending but I hope I
have to like click I have so many
windows open on here
