Dec 21, 2016
XCOM: Enemy Within
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/113819439
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jj2H7_wjww4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/811713938601705473

one two three testing testing a my life
am i previously recorded live oh wait I
am but but am i live now mice mice
tramming it's called a Stram right I
don't know what it's called merry
holiday miss Chris something Kwanzaa
Happy Hanukkah Kwanzaa miss I don't know
I don't know what whatever how's
everyone doing same very little response
to the chat I don't think I'm streaming
I am oh my god oh my god
happy holidays again what's up I am here
alone as Jack has wisely decided to
travel to a beautiful tropical paradise
for his Christmas because Jack is a
smart man meanwhile I'm in this fucking
frozen god damn hellhole planning to
drive to a different frozen god damn
hellhole where I can then drive to a
third frozen goddamn hellhole so I can
drive back to the other frozen hellhole
after that and then eventually I will
come home to my frozen hellhole
god dammit god god god dammit but those
Dems the holidays yo he's got to he's
got stew travels to the peoples who's
has the the places that you knows and
and they they all live in winter hell
escapes that's just you know you deal
with that yeah you deal with that
planning planning though with relatives
to see another relative and and half the
relatives don't like it hey hey oh god
it's fucking it's a fucking nightmare
it's a fucking fucking nightmare getting
getting together with the other half of
my
one half my family very easy to get
together there's no there's no issues
drama it's occasionally some drama so I
got them I got the ex come on here this
the ex Kim's ex comes
I've had I've had ex come in my blood
lately and classic and I'm not classy
classic and I'm sure like a lot of
people when they hear classic I think of
the you know the original ex come UFO
defense I'm talking about the reboot
I've had the reboot XCOM in my blood the
first one of the reboots cuz I want to
have a no soldier death run on classic
now the reason I'm dead set on this is
cuz I've pulled this off in XCOM 2 I
have had I have had the equivalent of
the classic when they call it commander
or an ex come to a forgot what they call
it veteran I think it's veteran whatever
they call that difficulty that that kind
of like third difficulty up an ex-con to
I've beat it without losing goddamn
soldier I cannot do that in this ex-con
and I I have to I have to know and it's
it's foolish because I'm never gonna do
it because them early game thin men I
who I both I both love and hate because
they're actually a challenge they're
trying to kill you they're not but Apple
ten thing pretend threat that you just
be down no thin men are out to kill you
I don't know that I'm ever gonna get
through it I I got through once I got
through the first first three months
really once once you're once you would
you're into month four and if you've got
the laser equipment and if you've got
the the better armor it's it gets easier
it starts getting easier but
oh those first three months I'm gonna
try I'm gonna try it so here you'd say
set the classic difficulty Ironman and I
have the two DLCs on do not have any of
the goddamn tutorials though those can
go fuck themselves the tutorial for XCOM
oh boy I guess it's necessary it's your
first time through but it's pain in the
butt second wave option someone's asked
me why I don't use second wave options
and I'm quite fond with vanilla but
let's see what we got here I'm gonna
turn some of them on I got the greater
good which is secrets of psionics can
only be learned by interrogating a
psionic alien so once you get to the
sectoid commanders if you want to get
psionics you have to capture him not
kill him
mind hates matter which just feels right
the the gene mods they added with the
enemy within expansion are not
compatible with psionics just feels
right aiming angles it seems like it
sounds like Lena can't get a flanking
chat but I'm so close if she could
something it's like a consolation prizes
for people who whine about flanking
shots oh that's that sounds like to be
itchy trigger tentacle I want to play
with this someday
I'm not gonna do it right now because
I'm trying to have nobody die but upon
being revealed sometimes the aliens will
take a shot at you I want as few aliens
taking shots at me as possible
you know so I don't lose anybody more
than humor the psionic gift is extremely
rare now I want that cost of satellites
increases with everyone that's built I
think I think I think I'm making it
difficult enough for myself as it is
high stakes the rewards granted for
stopping alien abductions are randomized
this could I wouldn't mind playing with
that but that might fuck up some of my
like planning I'm you know what some
other time I played with bhai snakes
once or twice it's neat but I've got a
plan in mind and high stakes might
disrupt that like I said I think I think
I'm giving myself challenge enough red
fog any wounds taking a kind of Apple
the greatest soldier stats hey you know
what I think I'm okay training a lot
that's a bit random for what I'm in the
mood for right now hidden potential
maybe not created equally as easy mode
funding offered by council is randomized
I'll do that damage or I can go fuck
itself though that's a few it's a few
second wave of options like I said right
now I'm trying to not lose a soldier I
figured that's added difficulty enough
fine items certain proof classic start
game no I do not want to enable the
tutorial experience if I did I would
have had it checked off in the option
boxes earlier game stop asking how many
times did I see a movie in a theater in
2016 - 2 or 3 hasn't been that many
times whatever whatever happened the
bags I've been on of them I probably saw
something with Karen and always has
something with Karen I don't remember
what pretty sure we went to a film
skip cutscene you know I won't do that
stop for asking you know I won't do
that's my that's my one remaining OCD I
can't can't break that narrative that's
going on the story must play out it's my
one remaining OCD when I was younger kid
early very early teens didn't last long
into my teens I had a little like you
know you have to touch like the doorknob
the right way like that like the right
way like what the fuck does that mean
like weird shit and smart enough to know
it was weird but it was just a thing in
my brain and I actually overcame it by
turning it against itself I turned the
obsession into not doing that and it
went away almost instantly once it
wasn't getting reinforced and it
vanished you got yet no sound god I'll
fix it in a second I'll fix it when this
fuckers done telling me about the XCOM
project did I not care for the XCOM to
deal see here's the thing with that I
have not I played the fuck out of XCOM 2
when it first came out and then as the
DLC started coming out I was like you
know what I'm gonna wait till they're
all done before I play it and they're
all out now I haven't gotten around to
it yet because I've got this fucking
XCOM classic hurdle that my brain needs
to get through
no XCOM 2 spoilers it's not a very
spoilery game if you're looking for
amazing plot twists all right this has
gone on the sounder should be getting
something
are you hearing anything out
wait
no no I'm not saying anything maybe I've
got to turn down zoom low in the game
I'm gonna check that out calling new
XCOM classic now I'm calling the
difficulty classic is what I'm calling
classic it's classic difficulty that's
my favorite game mode just classic
difficulty new regs come alright I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go into the options
menu and see if the problem is I've got
to turn down to low in here and maybe
hold on dear horses I don't know what
this is gonna do anything nothing
doesn't look like it that makes enough
sense should be getting something
Kaspar saying I mean the original doom
wasn't story heavy but I played it for
the story what would you say the doomed
story heads spoilers fight demons kill
all demons eventually you fight a big
one and eventually you go to hell like
this that's I think I think story like
that is predictable enough where it
really can't be a spoiler all right I am
going to try and go into OBS here and
figure out what's wrong with the sound
because you're as I could tell there is
no good reason device to follow
oh wait wait this might be it hopefully
that was that make sure that's so
frightening yep yep
there we go is that too loud now
is it too loud yeah I think it's longer
than I am no no it's not too loud
yes sound but how's the valium good all
right I'm not saying good so I'm
assuming good
I'm gonna mail American troop Arif he's
an assault I'm making him look like me
and I'm naming him after me if he's an
assault so I've got dibs on that guy is
there an old can over him another is way
to be a pain in the ass next counter now
I know this man from experience if this
Mel if this meld canister is over here
it's only gonna take two turns it's only
gonna last two terms so if I wanted I
kind of have to - there's usually
usually like like 99 times out of a
hundred there's no aliens over here I'm
gonna risk it three turns I thought it
was like two
all right
there's no canister over here sometimes
just one over here so it's probably down
in there
roger-dodger
all right Roger that hate that can
collect the can and there we go there we
go you can do it we're just gonna take
her time I'm gonna get this guy in
position to help if we need his help
everyone else is going into overwatch
you thought that meld cancer only had
two turns I did too
maybe it's somewhat random but in in the
past I've had a lot of difficult to get
with that one you're in a good spot but
I might need you to move
so overwatch will wait another turn we
have four terms to get down there for
that one meld isn't as important as
everyone getting on alive anyway game
audio is barely there members hurry
that's not that hard they get far worse
or these Schmucks paying attention to
other things I did not see where they
fled to are your buddies they're not up
there are they
I did not see where they ran that's not
good that is not good
Eddie now got something over here
why are you all going with so many
different places that's a real pain in
my buttocks you got a line of sight on
three of them you got nobody
we can blast them if we have to
I'm shocked you got
see the nice thing about this map the
aliens usually end up in the pit which
means you get the the height aim
advantage like he's in half cover it's
like he's exposed 65% chance to hit full
cover 45 which sucks but for a rookie
soldier against an alien an high cover
that's decent but I cannot you can't
create anybody
pretty much jack shit son of a bitch
could have gone better
985
take the good shot
their weapons appear to self-destruct
when the operator dies we should look
closely for any fragments that could be
salvaged for our own development
programs
to instruct your men to exit blow their
cover up if they weren't rookies I would
but even if you blow their cover off
because they're rookies getting I want
your things I want sure things what if I
get lucky I get lucky with that right
right no nope I cannot get lucky with
that this is unmodern this is pure
vanilla oh you're behind that thing I
didn't get a good read
of course Oh live
all right we gotta get that thing over
there maybe I can reach maybe I can
reach
I kind of land aside I can't see I can't
see grenade might be doing nothing
all right we got sure thing and that's
good how many aliens to be down before I
leave people exposed
I killed sue this hob
one I can't see right there's one I've
either forgotten about her
no no no wait wait or short one by my
recollection I have killed two unless I
got one with an overwatch shot that I
did not notice
oh you just take that shot I don't know
good
is there another a lay in a room that I
don't recall
I must be counting right cuz there
should be three left I flanked the one I
created the other in the corner here
then we just shot that one that's three
there should be six aliens in this first
level but I only see two more I'm gonna
throw the grenade with him he's gonna be
left wide open and I'm fucked unless
that's the last one that needs to be
killed let's see what happens
oh he was over there got him with a
grenade though we're good good work out
there strike one if I'm a commander
the labs are on high alert teams are
standing by fuel orders we can begin
resurgence immediately Jude
commander to the research labs commander
to the research labs
welcome to XCOM HQ commander i'm central
officer Bradford my role in this project
is twofold
providing tactical support for our field
operations and keeping you briefed on
the current situation my efforts should
allow you to focus on the bigger issues
at hand speaking of which we have a
soldier waiting for a promotion in the
barracks is that really the last wheel
of the first episode no we always say
it's gonna be the last wheel of the
worst episode
it never is I wouldn't worry oh the
American guy became a support so I will
not be naming him after myself because
he's a fucking support our snipers
specialize in dealing massive amounts of
damage from afar but without sufficient
training their bonus snipers out for a
half the month month one when I really
need to level a sniper Oh just fantastic
the support class provides that
intangible Oh will and a support well
make everyone around them better
the assault class serves as our
frontline they're the first ones into a
fight and the last ones out
the recovered artifacts are being
unloaded and the research team is
awaiting your orders we'll get started
as soon as you give the order commander
commander to the research labs commander
to the research labs
all right who's the wounded guy Gino
suave
how's that featherweight suav
so how you're spilling it yep
all right who's my salt
all right Umberto what's you commander
to the research labs commander to the
research labs
who wants me the support that I am NOT
going to use once again I need you to
because I'm it's a support and I don't
like using supports who wants to not be
used very much
s rapper alright my supporters no ass
rapper commander to the research labs
research labs one or two peas like one
kind of you how you smelling ass rapper
I'm something wait
one p would be a raper
all right
come in everybody who's none of
wealthier to the research labs yeah we
only had three
hello commander
my name is dr. Fannin they aren't that
bad to give over decent name well I'm
not playing would be random stats
starting stats like a wave up nice we
have they're gonna have normal wave acts
recovered from our first encounter with
the aliens based on our preliminary
findings we believe we can use them to
develop some new equipment for our
soldiers with your approval we will
begin research immediately
commander I realize our troops have to
put their own survival first but every
alien we use explosives against is one
less opportunity to recover our new
artifacts
ah commander I was wondering when you'd
be stopping by welcome to engineering
anything they can dream up in the
research labs we can build it here the
speaking of which dr. Valen has just
sent us some new schematics with your
approval we will begin fabrication I
prefer this X come to the second one of
the reboots no like I said I'm just
trying to get through this without
losing a soldier which I have done an
ex-con - they're both wonderful games
yes I know I got the name wrong I just
don't feel like naming somebody asked
raper I got some fucking standards for
God's sake we want to expand our
facilities we're going to have to start
excavating beneath the base
unfortunately it's going to cost
all right
excavation complete commander we picked
up multiple requests for assistance
abductions in progress are marked on the
hollow globe that's a shame
I want the scientists early but
Argentina's a country I wouldn't mind if
the panic got out of control
Europe and Asia those are a pain in the
ass with panic so that's not gonna help
but I don't want them scientist
to my bother building labs depends upon
how poorly I'm doing with research would
if I haven't had much luck getting
scientist moving into Argentina next
threat there seems to be the most
impressive alien activity continues to
surge within several major cities why do
soldiers look so you can see them when
the cameras panned way out that's why
their guns are also comically huge
central this is a big sky strike team is
touching down now standing by for your
orders
Roger big sky reading you 5 by 5 strike
1 has the green light for deployment
does my support here a long ways to the
spot waste of a spot and I know you're
over there but I'm not fighting you from
here because that's just the nightmare
you aliens are just gonna have to wait
yours terms demand to see my face you
know what I fuckin look like well for
the 38th time I'm playing this instead
of XCOM 2 because I'm trying to have a
run of this game on the classic
difficulty where I don't lose a soldier
which is something I have pulled off an
ex
good to go that's what we're looking for
six turns it's got to be one closer
six turns is absurd
that's like one of the easiest canisters
to get to in the game
ready mid-ocean yours
shotguns versus assault rifles in this
game um depends upon what month you're
in month one which I should have changed
out my assault they didn't you're only
facing sectoid non classic difficulty
they only have three health you can
usually kill one with an assault rifle
and you have range moreso than a shotgun
so an assault rifles pretty decent for
month one month two you start getting
floaters and thin men they have four
health that assault rifle is almost a
waste it's why support suck the early
months and XCOM are the most difficult
months and your supports don't do enough
damage to kill the things you absolutely
need to die right now they need to die
then men need to die the turn they show
up support can't cut that shotgun can so
once a month two starts you're switching
to shotguns and you're keeping them
shotguns until you can research laser
rifles which do four damage then you
could switch to laser rifles
sports aren't there for damage per
second they are there to save you with
smoke grenades you know it's better it's
saving you that rocket launcher that
kills the aliens I'll take a heavy over
support cuz those aliens can't shoot you
at all if they're dead I've gotten hit
I've gotten Crypt critted to death
through a smoke grenades hey you can't
say that about rockets what's they're
dead they're dead they're not something
you have to worry about anymore but I I
play this pretty aggressively assault
should usually use shotguns late game
yeah yeah it depends what you're up
against and what kind of damage you can
do but I mean if you're still in month 3
and laser rifles are available you can
you can kill some thinman and floaters
from distance well mutants start showing
up if you got the laser the with the
help of the spread laser whatever dumb
name they gave it that's a good thing to
have then
asansol a versatile close range or long
range
well this might be overconfidence but
I'm pretty sure well I'm pretty sure
this usually no aliens between here on
the cannister but I'm not gonna - yeah I
got six turns I have no need to -
alright there you go ask rapper
roger-dodger
what are they get rug one mediocre at
best
that's my spoiler free review which
you've already seen one half in the bag
no maps are not always the in the same
order there is a set number of maps
they're not procedurally generated like
the R and XCOM to which honestly is one
of the big things X come to has going in
favor of it so you have the same maps
but you get them randomly and you know
always get the same aliens in the same
spots but there are common spawn points
I think that this game could have been a
lot more replayable if they had done
more to have like just variety and spawn
points and starting points in the map
like maybe maybe sometimes this map how
you started over here as opposed over
there and then it wouldn't play out
pretty much the same way like I wouldn't
be saying well there's usually nothing
between here and there but it's fine
everything's fine
Oh
right down partners at work first
wait you're my salt you're going over
here oh that's right there I got a heavy
yet that really sucks that sucks my nut
sack
Borders confirmed on the move
Roger that
you hear that yeah I do hear that
because there are aliens in there aliens
there's the thing that comes up told me
from dashing or not words are coming up
whatever
you know what you're not a rookie so you
probably have well better aim and the
rookies gonna have you can guide the
door instead
moving to position
scanning quiet you hear something
you hear that
and just spawn over there today then be
your attending if they bust out of this
door before I breach over here
it's gonna happen or I'm gonna show up
behind me they were in here before
for
aliens and pelada aliens
meet up in and then anywhere say
music grenade Damon
I don't see if we can kill them a deal
and now
no Jack the name Jack is on vacation
10:4 salts are a great class to get this
really high shot percentages up close
just which is what you need there in
that building rode on me
I'm on it commander heading to that
location does not losing a soldier
include the random nobodies during the
base defense no it doesn't but I I'm
gonna tell you something I'm quite
capable of pulling that off and I will
try
he's got a grenade left something only
yeah yeah you're coming over the other
off because you're my you're my
shotgunner
move it out I'm dashing up on that rough
bud you don't expect aliens to be up
there be very embarrassing if I were
wrong at that particular time when you
last up the base defense every single
one of your random basin operators were
Mexican for some reason okay I am pretty
sure that your base defense soldiers
something I've noticed all come from the
the area where you're getting your
continent bonus from so if your base is
in Asia I think all those little random
guys are either gonna be from China
Japan Australia or India I think if you
if your base is in Europe they're all
gonna be from Germany UK France and
Russia and seems like your bases in
North America and you just got some
weird roles where it was all all Mexico
I can see it be easier if you're in like
Brazil then Brazil Argentina are the
only two but I could be wrong about that
but it seems like they're always from
the the continent your bases in
I'm pretty talking to fit some because
I'm playing next calmness is turn-based
and I'm not really being taxed with my
reflexes I can take my time explain what
I'm doing why I'm doing it
I kind of shit
what was that sound thank you all right
here goes nothing
here goes fucking nothing somewhat - so
that's good doesn't look like me I can
get them both with a grenade maybe I'm
wrong hey boy speed my assault
mission accomplished
yes long war mod long war mod long war
mod long war mod long war mod I'm well
aware of it some of the changes they
I've heard about I like some of the
changes I've heard about I'm not too
excited about which is why I haven't
played it it seems like they made a mess
out of the classroom which two heavies
nice that sounds like they made a mess
out of the the class tree and I don't
like that you can bring so many troops
with you on a mission now and if it
weren't for those two changes I'd
probably be using a long war mod if you
love it I am glad for you I'm not saying
it's a terrible thing I'm saying some of
the changes I've heard they made
all right bill Oaxaca and captain NIM
Peck
you've been chosen
we will be in touch commander commander
you can now honor our soldiers by
awarding them medals for accomplishments
you deem appropriate you can view and
award medals in the barracks
Hezbollah hawk a small boy I should know
this by now but sure it was just a que
no there's a sea in there
captain nitpick I saw you asking nice
earlier so you're gonna captain nitpick
who was only a squatty
just one of the American assault I could
name myself after I not get it I did not
get it I got I don't know I got going on
I have a scientist for that I appreciate
your efforts to support the research
team commander I've already put the new
recruits to work in the lab what is X
come it's extraterrestrial combat that's
what it is
somebody need to do how does somebody
need to do if someone forget there is
nothing too major
every member of the council is going to
one satellite coverage so we should plan
our deployments carefully several
members of the council have expressed an
interest in acquiring some of the
artifacts we've recovered however we
should be careful in choosing what items
we release the research team may not
have you're telling me that we should
risk the lives of our troops so we can
take one of these things alive yes
without a live specimen I'm afraid we've
reached the pinnacle of what my team is
able to accomplish and how do you
suggest we do this doctor they won't
talk to say I've just completed confirms
that the aliens physiology is quite
similar to our own a highly concentrated
electrical current delivered at close
range should cause neuroma close range
and what happens if it doesn't work do
you really think this is worth the risk
I do we do not know our enemy no else
can we hope to stop something that we do
not understand capture what if he
survives we may be able to communicate
with it and interrogated find out what
they want where they're operating from
yes that possibility
that's not skipping cutscenes is my one
remaining OCD now minded that military
commander and I don't see the benefit
into capturing a member of the enemy
buddy that's why I'm not actually a
judge they didn't know what else to do
with me
I've Bradford but rich Evans is really
in charge I don't do much of anything
really except to have poor opinion
pinions and military strategy close
range you want to capture an alien alive
there's poor scientists like well we
could we could you know we could
interrogate it we get him from get you
an alien to get information what a
fantastical idea if you've already seen
the cutscenes you can skip them well you
can do that but you are not me yes there
are three of us Bedford thinking head
brain think HUD
what possible benefit could be had from
capturing one of these aliens who we
know nothing about I couldn't even
fathom may have all the tips but I do
not have a partner to read them today
them if you tip me tonight like you've
established yet but I don't not I'm not
really reading them I'm playing the game
all right engineering I need a 5 o'clock
sieve dr. Valen expects our troops to
try to bring one of those things back
here in one piece
much less alive
there's nobody else said the studio
right now but me believe it or not the
holidays are coming up soon and people
have thinks it seems like families and
whatnot it's kind of amazing it's an
amazing beautiful thing five favorite
games this year my top game is shut up
kid leave me alone that's my top game of
the year nice work central Apple retest
recon satellite Bravo and get me a
visual on that crash site believe it
Adam I'm actually torn between XCOM 2
and doom and Oh ultimately I'm gonna get
a lot more replay value out of XCOM 2
because I'm an ex-con addict but I'd
have a hard I'd have a hard time making
them honestly decide who's pretty girly
and I usually don't pay attention like
what you did this come out I don't I
don't compartmentalize these things like
that what else came out this year but
now the highlights for me do man X come
to
the voice of Charles Bronson
impersonation no it's just generic like
1940s manly man that's what that voice
is I have an American and I'm over
confident and everything I do I know all
the answers that answer is usually
violence get in the kitchen woman it's
just generic 1940s man manly man
was it to have visas probably over a
couple Sufi let's see if we can level up
another assault
you've got no one stood in The Witcher 3
I'd want to play the other two first I
just would and I could not get through
the first one maybe I'm I'm dumb for not
just skipping it that was my that was my
Witcher 3 hang up yes yes yes exactly
dead dad somebody who used the term
commie a lot that's exactly what that
voice I'm doing is those cubbies you
might say the Reds those Reds are you
one of them you couldn't just say gummy
- it'd have to be gummy bastards we
gotta get them commie bastards
or godless either either bastards
afterwards or godless before those
godless commies don't stand a chance
against me and my machine gun pinkos
yeah yep
that person would definitely say pinkos
why do I keep bringing a scrapper with
me dammit he's a support I keep
forgetting to take him off my roster oh
I totally should have kept another heavy
I forgot I still have a support with me
and I'm brain dead and I know I just
said I know I just said month 1 assaults
you want the the rifle this mission is
my exception here this is the Flying
Saucer mission you meet the outsider
who's got like 5 health I want the
shotgun for that once I trigger him
hopefully he will be within running gun
range of my assigned all the commies
ever did was defeat 80% of the Nazi war
machine what losers look this isn't my
personal opinion this is my
characterization of 1940s 1950s America
get all red white and blue I'm an ephah
bag that's what I like
allows a commodity
I'm on the move
stepping off I've got my eyes on I hate
this map well I could do far worse in
this map this map the problem with this
map is it's really easy to trigger the
outsider early and if you do that and
you don't have any in range to get a
good shot or you know you can't can't
hit get them hit with a rocket ooh it
gets it gets ugly it gets real ugly
Wyatt do you hear something Mel
how badly do I want that Mel
do I want that member not as much as I
want to properly approach that outsider
everyone gets out alive
that's that's the goal I have a whole
bunch of missions to fuck around with
collecting meld it's not gonna happen
this woody dies because I triggered the
outside
what's making that noise an alien is
making that noise you can you can stop
asking
granolas your second mission slow and
steady slow and steady aside we're
taking this one
fart noises that last one was bad it's
just too much
I'm on the move
did that for a reason all right the
reason I ran her up there and then back
let me well heavys cannot shoot a rocket
after they have moved and I want to move
my heavy here but I'm also afraid I was
gonna trigger aliens and if I triggered
aliens I probably wanted to blow them up
with my rocket so I couldn't move him
there first otherwise I wouldn't have
that rocket in my back pocket so I used
her moved her up when the coast is clear
moved her back and then he's going there
that's what that that's what that
business was it's safe behind him so a
scrapper is going to move there
alright see the problem with this map
with this UFO encounter it's the
spaceship here has this giant fucking
hole in it see a lot a lot of UFOs you
can approach from like the door might be
still be shut and then you get everybody
up against the door and then you can
open it and all your troops can take the
outsider within relatively close range
here like like I could get like
somewhere around like here and that
outsider in there is gonna activate and
he's basically gonna get a free turn
where he could shoot at me and he's got
a really good aim which means he will
probably hit somebody you want to kill
the outsider before he can take a shot
so to counter that I'm taking my assault
and I'm working my way around the
outside here and then I'm gonna go up on
this side of the UFO where it's just a
complete blind zone now I might fuck up
there could be aliens over here I'll
deal with that if it happens but right
my major worry is the outsider so I'm
gonna have my assault make his way over
here and stay in the blind spot and get
right close to the UFO that way if I
turn to the outsider I got that assault
and his huge run and gun movement radius
and his shotgun and he can take out that
fucker
here just go down along here till he
hits the wall but meld I'm not even
gonna get it it's fine it's fine
don't be a wuss rich charged that fucker
should I should I shout Leroy Jenkins as
I do it but he what do you want how
stupid do you want me to be any heavy
can kill 5 HP he that's why I was trying
to get him close he needs to be within
rocket range if he's not within rocket
range then I have to rely on his machine
gun which has shit aim that Outsiders
gonna take cover behind one of these
full cover you up old walls I'm not
gonna be able to hit him shotgun to the
face is my best option so this is this
is my thought process for this this
careful maneuvering that I'm doing
like I'm not even right I'm gonna risk
going all the way up to that tree and
I'm not gonna know anybody all I have I
have already laid out the mounting
difficulty level is classic oh I
accidentally went over watching
this rocket range that limited here's
here's my rocket ranch I mean I can hit
anything in here the problem is there's
no guarantee that the outsiders gonna
run forward he might run back and then I
can't reach him with the rocket then the
next turn he's gonna run forward take
cover behind here and get a free shot
basically because this is this is month
one
nobody's aim is very good you can pretty
much count on overwatch shots to miss
I'm gonna start in everybody else as
close as I can get them get out
triggering the beast
all right
on my way
that guy better potential shot
hey Missy can't do right
that's a being of almost pure energy
it's not behind the best cards
I'll get him next time I know I'm gonna
activate aliens doing us
say that's only 57% that's not great
this 100%
realized
my guy has no cover now yeah but I
wasn't moving him so I knew I wasn't
going to activate any aliens it was it
was a relatively safe maneuver now I
just gotta find where the damn aliens
are hiding
Rider I've got my eyes on
scanning aliens will sometimes wander up
on you yes but if you if if they wander
up on you then they're not gonna take a
shot at you they're just gonna scatter
into cover hey this way there's usually
some back up in here so we're gonna make
our way over here before we do that
again hunting elsewhere
and honestly there's yeah it's fine
that's fine
I've got my eyes on scanning something I
think Oh over there
I gots telling me there's some in this
back way I guess I'm just wrong
which is fine gonna make our way inside
the UFO no there they are of
motherfuckers
all right all right what can you do
not necessarily anything
you over here got it moving
moving to position
you hate that citing the enemy gives
them a free move the game would be too
easy otherwise if you saw them and they
couldn't move you would get a free turn
of just shooting at them it's it's the
way it's got to be
that's too risky
too risky
on my way
they're now
take cover behind that's closer
all right the reason I did not well for
one topic Jefferson saying run a gun and
then grenade the thing we run a gun is
you have two shotgun you can't run and
gun a grenade I could have run a gun in
shotgun but ah I would have gotten hit
by the overwatch shot
credit through high cover you are you're
gonna be extra dead
here's the question I wanted to do no
death I'm fucked already it's pretty
early
it is early do I restart or do we just
keep going what's the vote I could
restart or keep going I want to I want
to vote restart or keep going
pretty evenly split
what's the point in continuing just
having a classic run
oh yeah by the way the person that died
yep that was the support that was a
scrapper aren't supports great maybe I
can heal him with my support you know
that that that time I got I got one hit
killed here my support got one had
killed maybe he can heal himself because
you know the supports are such a great
defensive class there you are
that's just gonna keep getting worse
isn't it this is gonna keep getting
worse
ten-four
audience and movimiento began
now listen in panic
chalk up another one
and fuck you axe come
extubation
oh I forgot that yeah right now
what cleaners on their way to begin
construction I'll send word when the new
facility is operational
commander we're tracking several
reported abductions via the Halle globe
I've got the coordinates locked in
support they're offering via support
fucking they're offering me a goddamn
support
they're not offering it you're for snow
after the first for it can be anything I
don't know there's a minimum you have to
have one of something it is a sign to
restart and that's how I'm taking it who
do I owe
humberto Cabbage Patch Kevin they picked
Billa hecka and Gino suave alright every
starting but I'm keeping those people
I'm renaming someone after those people
Berto heckum
Gino suave and captain did pick
strawpoll was for nothing just like in
real life I never I never put this up
for a damn vote
I'm gonna let this cutscene play out the
stretch
look like watching cutscenes is it's
it's my OCD dammit and everyone has to
deal with my OCD
democracy has his 2016 taught you
nothing of the folly of voting in the
light of the recent extraterrestrial
incursion this Council of Nations has
convened to approve the activation of
the XCOM project you have been chosen to
believe this initiative to oversee our
first and last line of defense your
efforts will have considerable influence
on this planet's future
we urge you to keep don't vote my solo
streams and the cutscenes and and the
stretching you know where the door is
you know where the door is
I could have easily have said look
previously recorded it's holidays and we
won't be around for the next two weeks
but nonsan you know what if I can't
stream I dismiss streaming I mean I got
I got to do a shitload of driving
tomorrow when I'm getting up and I'm
getting on the fucking Road I'm driving
to a different snowy wasteland
so you know you're welcome I'm here
tonight you're welcome
good glad to be a service motherfucker
the area of engagement for this mission
will be in India I get if I get us a
song where the cabbage counter until the
heck I you know suave and captain Dybbuk
strike one
this is central you are free to engage
all hostile contacts in the AO don't
take any chances Roger that that
location
scanning Roger I've got my eyes on
good to go visual on the goods yeah yeah
four times
hi commander
let's do this
I don't think we're alone out here alien
life on earth we're witnessing something
you missed you loser
make that shot make that shot Oh
Oh
heading there now
you make that shot all right shut up
shut up dr. Bellin shut up I don't care
that could be salvaged development
programs take a risk
we could take a risk
to instruct your men to exercise
restraint when you think of the mill I'm
gonna get mutton dead always more
important to be not dead something to
consider now I got to turn
all right I'll tell you what no more
restarting if we lose at room that'll be
the only time I really do have my eyes
set on a deathless run
heading there now yeah great pick that
weather could you do that but
everybody's near good Kevin what's wrong
with you
it's bad timing
bad timing
really bad timing
Murdo Cabbage Patch captain dead pick
the lock up
Jesus why me I'm preserving you you will
you will be named I want to forget some
saying and every now and then my
question is do I want to run up get
closer and take the high cover or do I
want to hang back and hunker down
it's hunkering down prevent critical
hits immunity to critical hits totally
we're hunkering down
now there's being aggressive and then
there's being an idiot
nice
where's the other one
where is the other one
where's that third one
that
I bet she's over here
right and you wanna are you on that
and behind there
let's see if we can make some uneducated
we can
we can first maybe I don't need to blow
them up maybe maybe I can get a
machine-gun kill and keep the stuff the
weapon fragments if you get a kill here
and I did so I'm definitely good now
grenades for the win grenades for the
win
good work out there strike one if I'm a
cantor the labs are on high alert teams
are standing by through orders we can
begin researching the newly recovered
artifacts immediately commander to the
research labs commander to the research
labs
yes I know I got them all that was nice
I'm Central Officer Bradford my role in
this project is twofold providing
tactical support for our field
operations and keeping you briefed on
the current situation my efforts should
allow you to float oh I remember the
sacred names but thank you for reminding
me Tiberius we have a soldier waiting
for a promotion in the barracks I'll let
you get to it rich I want to know what
you think about the new Power Rangers
movie I was in high school when the
Power Rangers came out it means nothing
to be
all right all right our snipers
specialize in dealing massive amounts of
damage from afar but without sufficient
training they're vulnerable in close
combat situations commander to their
research labs who was my sniper last
time who was my sniper was it Gino
who was the sniper
the assault class serves as our
frontline they're the first ones into a
fight and the last ones out
just like it sounds the support class
provides that intangible edge our squads
need they make everyone around them
better
commander Geno needs to be the Canuck
research labs
alright genome record you know I'm done
with that team is waiting your orders
we'll get started as soon as you give
the order commander
you're not smelling suave I know I asked
you the same question
some some people spell things weird I
don't know when a soldier should be but
dumpling I'll take that under
consideration all right I still owe bill
the hecka and captain nitpick but I'm I
don't I don't know that I'm gonna name
any of you after we're support because
that would just be that would just be
mean
so mokey is going to be the support
all right so Humberto and captain
nitpick I owe you still hello commander
my name is dr. Fannin I oversee the
research labs this is where all of
ex-cons research and development takes
place we have already begun analyzing
the artifacts recovered from our first
encounter with yes ass rappers dead he
died he doesn't need to be reborn if we
can use them to develop some new hey
you've ruined my classic no death
wrongful we will begin research
immediately I realize our troops have to
put their own survival first but every
alien we use explosives against is one
less opportunity to recover new
artifacts ah commander I was wondering
when you'd be stopping by welcome to
engineering anything they can dream up
in the research labs we can build it
here no you ruined your classes no Devon
to volunteer centers hey easy Maddox
with your approval in freaking easy jus
nice double nice it's going to cost
commander tuition controls who is on
their way to begin construction I'll
send word when the new facility is
operational Swedish uh uh is it a 1 or L
I'm gonna storm its owl if I see any
Swedes I'll keep your name under
consideration
never forget to build the Sandlin
but if steam vents do you can build
thermal power there which provides a lot
of poems in progress or Mark it's a good
thing Germany or China science been
going with science fair
all right if either of you are out of
supports I'll I'll rename you don't
deserve that fate always engineers first
I disagree Len Len flows in ski in the
chat it's saying always engineers first
I don't think that's bad advice I like
getting a leg up on research here here's
the thing
that that first abduction mission
happens really early and you only start
with five scientists if I take those
four scientists from this mission I
almost double my scientist at the
beginning of the month that means for
that first month my research times are
going to be half what they were then had
I'd taken scientists as the second
abduction mission now engineers you need
engineers but you don't really see a
benefit until month two when you can
actually have enough money to start
really building that satellite network
up so in in in recent playthroughs my
strat has been to take science first
it's it's a bit of a risk there's a
chance engineers might not show up
before I need them for the to build the
satellite uplinks but I'm gonna get a
I'm gonna big leg up on on research I
want what I want is laser weaponry and
carapace armor as fast as I can fucking
get it
that's some strats
did it take away the scientists at the
end of the month no but if you don't
have them early then they're not there
to be doing the research early like I
said if I take them in the first mission
I'm nearly doubling the amount of
research I'm gonna get done during month
one I'm gonna get so much shit
researched it's gonna be it's gonna be
nuts it's gonna be huge
it's gonna be tremendous our target site
is near the German border alien activity
continues to surge within several major
cities our response is crucial to
minimizing the spread of panic how many
restarts for the stream I won the the
first UFO mission
I got critted through high cover
central this is a big sky destroying
team is touching down now Dani Weber and
I forgot to switch to assault rifles I
might it's not a big deal strike one has
the green light for deployment
I hate this I hate this map I hate it
you know
absolutely hate this map Oh God
now I'm not taking cover here because
aliens here they're gonna get activated
this term or next turn and then it's
gonna be a shootout across this giant
room where there's shit cover I really
can't advance so that's why I'm not
taking cover in these spots my plan is
I'm gonna go around here and I'm gonna
go in through this door where there's
gonna be a much better cover for me and
opportunities to advance without taking
this crap cover behind these shit tables
so that's what I'm doing
rolling out you didn't know rlm didn't
which strings spray Christmas to you an
aura anger death it's mostly just me and
Jack Jay sometimes shows up
myk's myk's a little bit too shy for it
I don't know no you wanted to go up
against the door
heading to that location
so you guys why would you come out here
affirmative moving out
hi commander not there I'm miss cooking
all over the place er my necks not shy
he's just he's just not he's not
interested in doing the live streams
that's fine you actually have a good
shot 55 the snipers it's always good to
level up snipers fast do I just run in
with a grenade
now save Becker night and I'll take this
shitty 55% shot shot maybe I'll get
lucky
I want to activate your directing
anything else right now
can we get both I can get both one
grenade I'm gonna take some shots and it
paid off
I wish it were my sniper that would have
been sweet
don't activate anything please
yeah I didn't even need to use a grenade
that's great
see it I can move over here to flanking
and flank really worried aliens in this
room are gonna get activated because
they'll see me through this window here
but I'm gonna risk it I'm gonna risk it
65% you can do it
Oh rookie you rock 35
where did he go
where did he go what are the one who
went out here went where did he go I was
gonna Crenn ate his ass but I don't even
see him
worry about it later worry about it
later first things first
no not there I almost had a miss click I
don't want to blow up this wall don't
want any more aliens than I can deal
with in any one time I'm gonna don't
worry I'm gonna move that sniper I'm
just taking the slow
there's only so many places he could
have moved they went through here the
door would be open right that door would
be open but if he's around here I should
have line of sight
why isn't he visible if he's if he's
behind I'm thinking he's behind this
high cover here it's the only thing that
makes sense but I I could waste a
run-and-gun to check it out God
that's a stupid gamble to take he just
thrown the grenade and I might need this
run-and-gun later
and this doesn't work I'll just be in
shit cover I should see him if he's
there then I already wouldn't run a gun
I may as well just put butter do it now
does this count as high cover why can I
see you should not be visible there
unless that's high cover you should not
be invisible Aaron well whatever his
dead
got it covered that cars counting us
half cover which Macy's should have been
visible that's not high cover that's a
glitch
that grass was pretty clearly hiding it
that's not how XCOM works it's not
that's not hiding and grass is not an X
come mechanic
watch we're go quiet did you hear some
just got out of here
God ever again snipers are the worst
got it covered
yes
moving out
do I give him Burt over the kill or do I
help level up a sniper
I'm sorry Humberto your time will come
if Gino whiffs here you can grenade him
to death Humberto but he's not gonna
with the way the line-of-sight works if
it's half cover you should be able to
see the alien through it all of the
shield's around that burnt-out SUV were
half cover SUV were half cover SUV were
half cover SUV were half
who shields something counted us half
cover I should have seen that alien
Tiberius go back and look at the shields
on that SUV those were half cover
shields that thing was counting as half
cover either either that either I should
have seen him or the shields were wrong
after a mission like oh you had a kill
never mind Humberto you had a kill and
you're an assault so that's great we
love assaults and we love heavens
provides a crucial service to the squad
with the rocket launcher in tow there
are demolitions experts commando to the
Situation Room it was full cover it had
the half full shields on it so then it
wasn't half cover unless the half full
shields were wrong at which point it's
still a glitch snipers are essential
later on but they suck early game and
they're a fucking pain in the ass to
level and you don't need me more than
two of them maybe three
we will be in touch commander rich I
need rich you need no etiquette no I
tell why warden the medals for
accomplishing appropriate you can view
and award medals in the barracks sniper
has a name right
no I didn't how do we miss that how did
we miss that
huh sniper needs a name
what's the lens Lozinski sure
commander to the Situation Room
commander to the Situation Room
captain nitpick oh you know what I think
captain nitpicks got dibs I'm very sorry
London you'll be next one you'll be next
but I oh captain to pick
but you're next think you know
commander to the Situation Room
commander to the Situation Room every
member of the council is going to one
satellite coverage so we should plan our
deployments carefully
all right several members of the council
have expressed an interest in acquiring
some of the artifacts we've recovered
however we should be careful in choosing
what items we release the research team
may not have discovered their true value
yet commander the artifact were about to
sell to the council hasn't been examined
by the research team I'm sure dr. Valen
would be disappointed if we put
financial kings ahead of our own
research and development shut the fuck
up Bradford you're the idiot that
doesn't see the militaristic value in
capturing an enemy alive Bradford
Bradford trying to tell me things to do
can't even tie his shoelaces
Bradford never snuck a new Quran should
i bradford you don't become smart until
XCOM - why are you so dumb Bradford
that's my excavation going what that's
how it's going alright I've gone the
last six or seven games so we can take
mega news wings alive
yes without a live specimen I'm afraid
we've reached the pinnacle of what my
team is able to accomplish and how do
you suggest we do this doctor
they won't top see I've just completed
confirms that the aliens physiology is
quite similar to our own a highly
concentrated electrical current
delivered at close range should cause me
room close range and what happens if it
doesn't work do you really think this is
worth the risk
I do we do not know our enemy how can we
hope to stop something that we do not
understand if we can capture one of
these features Disney advertising star
wars in China just look warm for them
you're cheap that's why they put Chinese
in the movie so it will do better fine
because it's the second biggest market
where they're operating from yes that
possibility outweighs all risks in my
opinion I can construct a safe enough
facility how do they already has a
physiology everything man yeah drives me
nuts too there'll be times when I
actually put off this research uncle
I've had the first house submission for
that reason
it it York's me it's Exim it's like it's
like ESP in a science fiction universe
it's Eric's um it's not a deal-breaker
but it's Eric's um it's fun more to say
your summer you ever just said you're
some in a context we're like you meant
it
where it been something it's fun
I appreciate your efforts to support the
research team commander I've already put
the new recruits to work in the lab I'm
still having a hard time grasping what
it is the aliens are hoping to
accomplish here are they studying us why
abduct humans seemingly at random there
must be a pattern that we haven't
established yet
all right hope this one goes better
let's get the bond I don't say 80s ta
tsts
80s T's that you want chat nobody save
the thing the new thing these there are
new things same question for you but
please no spoilers
I just want a positive or negative value
here what rogue one if you like row one
I know most people who watch us based on
our comments section like does it still
work if it's not Star Wars if you
replace stormtroopers with random random
bad guy of the the Galactic Imperial
Sebastia source um you know it's not the
umpired something else you know just
it's a different universe does it still
work that movie or is it all just
fanservice fanservice fanservice cuz the
people in the theater really did have an
orgasm when Darth Vader started waving
around my I just spoiled something death
Darth Vader waves around the lightsaber
in the movie and it's absolutely
pointless Darth Vader swings around his
lightsaber and he's really badass and it
doesn't do anything for the story at all
it's just a pandering moment
and it was like yeah finally Darth Vader
gets to be a progress and am I the only
one who when you know I watch a new hope
and they have that that shootout at the
very beginning of the the film after
they capture the the Corvette the
stormtroopers break through and they
blow up the door and they shoot
everything and then Darth Vader just
calmly walks through once everybody's
dead that's much more badass to me
because Darth Vader has enough power
that he doesn't need to do the fucking
dirty work he's got people to do that
shit for him and when he demeans himself
to swing around his lightsaber he's got
a lightsaber nowhere near as effective
as him just walking through a door with
fucking smoke everywhere and his people
have just done his fucking bidding for
him
subtly choking somebody with one hand
and lifting him off the ground
far more badass than a Luthor sweet
lightsaber swinging of the reserve
through far more effective
sounds cowardly to me that he waits for
others to save his ass that's not what
happened they were saving his ass they
were they were his minions hello that's
it
as I was completely fucking pointless
saying that did nothing but let all the
Star Wars fans gold ugh beautiful white
paper it's kind of annoying
all right sky Ranger and mission this is
where things went bad last time you know
what I'm not even bringing a rook I only
need one shotgun one shotgun for the
outsider you can run with a machine gun
touching down
you'll be heading into Japan for the
next mission
it looks like the aliens went down in a
sparsely populated area if there are
civilians in the area I hope they stay
clear
this is big sky we're just north of the
crash site strike one is in position to
engage loud and clear Big Sky will
monitor those readings from here
strike one is authorized to assault the
alien craft
oh this shitty map a second I go over
here was gonna be a bunch of aliens over
there if that's this is the map I'm
thinking of and it's a pain in the ass
it's the best way to tackle this heavy
heavy it's the best way to tackle this I
get him into cover here without
activating
by the way there they're grouped up like
that because well they the with the last
three characters a mood I was just
trying to make sure I didn't activate
anything so I was putting them far as I
can get them without without them seeing
new ground where they might risk
alerting an alien pod about having a
cover first shit
anyway
there it was my best friend
this is bad spot
very bad spot
very bad very bad
you're not a grenade range nothing is
coming up nothing is coming up millhouse
yes commander
there's other one hiding he's around the
corner there
yeah nothing here is good nothing here
is good
they can come to me
they can come to me
as my work either
got it covered
fuck best game
fuck this game hard
fuck this game heard useful for you to
take cover behind
whoa why this game
beavers guitar chair
yes with all new
still not damn it
you argue that was funny I would argue
it was risk
you said a month knock him down
on the move
Depp to 50
got it
ah nice while it lasted
yes sir to withstand an impact like that
at such a velocity the materials used in
that vessels home must be at least an
order of magnitude beyond any element we
know of good copy
moving on
our readings can't be right
that's a big awfulness pure energy
chalk up another one
now fuck off Brazil
I expected that would be a priority
research task commander I'll begin
allocating resources to the project
immediately
though I do not always agree with dr.
Sheehan he has a point in this case now
that we have the potential to capture an
alien subject alive
we do need to construct a containment
facility before we attempt to shut the
fuck up standing by for launch we are
ready to deploy it on your orders I
still can't believe dr. Vaughn expects
our troops to Trek commander we're
tracking several reported abductions via
the hala globe I've got the coordinates
locked in
dropship has arrived the next deployment
site is in the UK local government
forces have reported a coordinated alien
attack in a densely populated
neighborhood they're counting on us to
secure the area
this is big sky strike team is ratio
requesting authorization to deploy solid
copy big sky strike one is clear to
engage
your thumb Turks are nada
on the move
location confirmed
I have a truce
cut it there now
this idea
thanks ray neutralized um what I'm gonna
say going to say something is fuck this
game
boy
getting to that location
negative damage
nope you go that way for you fucking
miss click
get him rich I've already been gone this
stream is up failure epic failure
each try and lost on the way like that
the second or third mission shitty night
shitty goddamn night before this is
right there you're never there
what are you ever there
I can't restart again as much as I kind
of want to I can't fire at home I would
there's the other one
oh god damn it yes
go on at the bus line
by the way it's like my 9th or 10th game
in a row without a console mission in
the first month one could pop up doesn't
fucking matter now it's dreams of
fucking failure
alien object inside
last point yo
kind of deserve a diver he misses to you
someone deserves to die fuck that
I'm upset I didn't even get a deep run
both tries third fucking mission third
fucking mission another day another
successful operation that's what I'm
upset about if I got if I got whacked by
a thin man that'd be one thing that'd be
yeah I got whacked by a thin man fucking
sectoid quitting me through cover ah
bullshit
not a single casualty among the entire
squad that takes a solid effort support
fuck off not even named someone after
you
remember we will be watching
all right
there you go there you go
running guns a lifesaver it is a risk it
hurt me that time yeah one mission we
lost somebody but is very handy
the deafening silence could also mean
bullshit luck so what is it doctor it's
fiction cease she knows she was a girl
what do you want me to do of cybernetic
nanomachines
each mate I could name someone else
after you of you would like components
I'm fine with that indicates these
microscopic robots just won't be no I
will I will rescind Lenina fussing
station's name someone else and even go
back in the kill zone specialized
facilities we may be able to engineer a
sort of cyber suit that interfaces with
my team is more interested in the
possibility of physically altering the
tissue itself incorporates the whole
check full of people that would like to
be Lenina higher rank sniper is gonna be
an all-star goddamn advantage lives
you're gonna throw away start organic
materials with one another with machines
we have at least agreed to call them No
commander to the research labs commander
to the research labs
when selecting the specific jet within
the hangar you can choose to modify its
current weapon loadout to best serve our
need we are extremely impressed with the
progress of the XCOM project thus far
commander your recent results were
beyond our expectations and that is not
a statement this council makes lightly
we will be in touch commander
oh I forgot to satellite shit happens
shit happens commander - the research
labs commander - the research labs
I forget to do new research looks like I
did
people's commander we have multiple
reports of new abductions in progress
the locations are marked on the
Hollywood
the new engineers of live this morning
commander we're always glad to have more
help down here from what little I've
seen of their technology the aliens were
intent on conquering earth mech I need I
need satellites something else in mind
and engineers
why don't my snipers have scopes for one
I just gave Lenina Lozinski a scope the
reason why other sniper doesn't have a
scope is because they don't have squads
so yeah early snipers can't hit shit and
they need kills to help level up and
it's far easier for them to get kills
her the grenades that it is for them to
fucking hit anything when when they're
just squaddies
that bring the support along I mean we
fixed that
yeah I don't bother with scopes until I
get squad side because they need the
kills
you're on the verge of squad sight no
way not us bill that's okay what are you
even close yeah it could be a big
mistake I already lost someone yeah I
know us someone fuck it fuck it
touching death you buy the DLC for this
game we'll just buy the new XCOM deal
see for this is pretty good but you're
getting a whole new game with the new
one
get ready to deploy yeah basically it
wasn't no death run now it's a I don't
really give a shit anymore run I can't
keep restarting the streams but my goals
have been failed and my heart's just not
into it that's the run right now too
late to restart failure
oh I'll fucking that's exactly where
we're at fuck this XCOM shit
no don't don't pirate both because they
made a good game and they deserve the
fucking money for the thing they they
spent time man-hours effort and
everything on no no don't be a jerk
watch your backs out there people
she's got gunslinger
de gustibus care
you've you've got lucky if you hit
anything because you're flipping squatty
maybe you'll get lucky squatty I can't
play The Last Guardian I don't have the
ps4 here I can always start kotor I can
awesome gouge my fucking eyes out look I
don't care about the Star Wars universe
oh you hit my pistol to beg you're not
gonna hit once I switch to your sniper
rifle you jerk
yes
got it covered
grenade out
why isn't he still in line of sight
deniz fucked up
Hika manager he can't be dead
why don't I have line of sight what is
wrong with you today game what the fuck
ah fury ating
Edgeworth voice one more time which one
is my Edgeworth voice I mean Bradford
Bradford whatever fuck off
not yet monkey kind of dense when you
say dense you dense what'd I say
dance
scanning
I wish I would move to overwatch you
talking about
I wish have an overwatch and XCOM which
I just did or the game which is a
multiplayer online shooter which is
something I typically don't do when you
you all know this about me this is rich
Evans 101
aliens to my north and my West
aye-aye-aye
he comes out of the door I'll be flanked
here I can't be sitting here
adding there now alien object in sight
you're damned if you do damned if you
don't
I will be right
yes Lavanya
Thank You boys
they're trying to pull back are they I
don't even see them
oh this is a nightmare wait when did you
get squad sight when did you get squad
sight I don't remember that
that's a fucking game changer I thought
you were still when did he let a lot but
even remember that
I'm not going to this door because I'm
trying very hard not to trigger the
floaters that I know are out here I know
damn well they're out here and it's
gonna be a fucking mess
we're green to go
scanning do you know can you put it into
it I'm just kind of hoping that sectoid
comes to me yeah I just fucked anyway no
nothing nothing no Jesus Baby Jesus help
me
before you've got guns Lee
did thinking while you want me to do the
Flint good voice for your out of my chat
move your bullshit
there you go Merry Christmas
motherfucker oh I hate the sectoid this
little fucking sectoid from hell little
fucking camp insectoid piece of shit
wait wait a minute
there's something weird going on Sarah
floater right above this door I think
there's a floater right above that damn
door because I can't get through here
but you can stand under floaters why
can't I go through this door something
has to be blocking this door what is
blocking this door
scanning
what is wrong with his door
I don't want to waste a grenade oh god I
don't like that I don't like that one
fucking bit
we're gonna this is gonna rush out that
door and flank me
it's risky
why can't I go through this door
I I'd use a grenade to see what's going
on but I don't I think it's the last
grenade I got I don't want to waste it
it could be a floater at higher height
but then again I've run under flow
floaters before I should be able to go
underneath it I'm thinking it's just
glitchy bullshit but I don't I don't
know what the fuck is going on
I've got my eyes on I don't look like
they're in from the damn door you only
live once
what was that sound
what did you get over there of course
this is a disturbing sight to say the
least it's hard to differentiate whether
organic material do you fucking piece of
shit Dave you fucking piece of shit game
why do I love you so much
why why why everyone's gonna fuckin
fuckin whippin all over the place Jesus
Christ we playing overwatch shots
hey I give up
but you need to die
fucking reviews katara degraded
I'll regret this and this will be my
fault nope well mad damage roll all
right operational objectives completed
Oh fucking game that's a fucking game
it hates me
remember we will be watching
question is do I get the officer
training school before portent if I got
being weapon so I don't care if anybody
else dies anymore
that goals been of course not oh don't
get T of Officer Training Center before
portent god what the fuck two days you
can await two fucking days Jesus Christ
because this night is so fucked
so absolutely unforgivably fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck
right portent with four men
hmm
do I have huh well if I got enough money
to build it because I didn't get that
fucking council mission in month one so
I'm fighting about finances except as an
extra hundred and fifty I could have
gotten but didn't any money for
satellites I need I need everything I
need fucking everything I don't have
money for satellites in part because I
forgot to put up my satellite that's on
me
shut up Jen Shannon Shannon his big
fucking mouth
he loves Jen loves those fucking
dramatic speeches we can have to go
forward until we have gone backwards but
the trials we face if we go backwards
are surmountable only if we risk giving
in to our darkest time - shut up Shannon
I'm trying to build a satellite don't
give a fuck about your armchair
philosophizing
we look forward to seeing your progress
sorry mochi you're out of here go back
to the showers mochi you're out of here
yeah head kid
it was great let's do it let's do it
you want me to put the support with her
smoke grenade on portent get fucked it
fucks Ivory's I know you're gonna be hit
out +20 is that means jack shit against
ten men though they'll hit you no
problem too fucking high cover with
regularity
Francis any interest I get a one time
you smoke grenade and a soldier who
can't kill things leaving me effectively
with three soldiers who can kill thin
men yeah no sports I'd rather I'd rather
risk leveling up this rookie
now I got this I got this I would much
rather have fucking five troops but I
got this but we don't have much to go on
I'm all over this concern is the council
Intel report indicating alien activity
in the area we need to secure the site
and look for some clue as to what
happened here new objective received
I'm on it commander
adding there now well this all hinges on
one bad damage roll with four troops one
bad damage roll is gonna kill me
actually one miss a high percentage miss
at a bad damage roll is the difference
between life and death
x-rays spotted which way you guys going
yeah
all right so you go into the spot where
I can't hit your boat with a rocket I am
not at all surprised
right if if she misses this I am fucked
that's the first thing that needs to
happen
now humberto Cabbage Patch cannot fuck
this up this is the other thing that
will fuck me don't fuck this up
umberto Cabbage Patch did not fuck that
up
super-safe or hang onto grenades for
later
it's actually a valid question I have
two options I could use two grenades to
kill him 100% for sure I could risk
taking this don't move
71% shot maybe crit maybe not but if
that fails I can take the 90% chance
with the rocket
I know you're gonna fuck this up I know
you're gonna fuck this up to the target
oh no no I can't blow up that wall I
feel I can't blow up that wall
I knew that was mistaken I knew it I
knew it I knew it
then I don't blow up that wall there's
another thin man back on here and if I
blow up this wall he will be seen and
activated
why are you poisoned you're the
appropriate number of tiles away I'm
getting so much blood bullshit on this
fucking run so much glitchy bullshit
Tiberius Kirk shivers support up your
butt you can die in one hit you don't
need the med kit because you're just
gonna die in one fucking head the
poisons gonna take no more than four off
probably just three and secondly he
shouldn't have been poisoned I was
there's a radius around the Thin Man and
I was I should have been out of it I was
two tiles away and we did a review of
XCOM - I loved it I'm just playing this
one right now
I'm ready
location confirmed
two towels away I shoot thin men from
two tiles away all the time there's a
one tile around them is what gets
poisoned your two away you're safe
no mods for this run
whose bodies don't look like they've
been hit by alien weapons fire these men
were killed by conventional bullets
and that poison only did one damage
we've got to get that support
he's not even injured because
technically you're you have one point of
natural armor hope he doesn't get a hit
again he's not even gonna be in the
infirmary
sports are people to support sir idiots
got something over here
fail to connect
sighs forest you're smart a bigger
sensor still indicate life signs in the
area commander we have a new objective
my position on rogue one is that it's
not the worst thing that has ever graced
the face of the earth I didn't
particularly like it and we're not going
to talk about spoilers in the chat
because a lot of people are planning to
see it on Christmas and I still don't
know that taking children to see this
movie on Christmas is a good idea
and not not because it's violent there's
very there's I have I can't talk about
it because spoilers and whatnot but I
don't think it's a good idea children to
see this on Christmas
what a producer
hi I'm commander
commander looks like there's still
someone alive over there if we can bring
them in for questioning maybe we can
figure out what happened over comp as a
kid yes like I said it has nothing to do
absolutely nothing to do with the
violence I have a reason that I cannot
talk about because spoilers why I think
this is a terrible family holiday movie
now if you're going with your your
buddies who are adults and love Star
Wars it's fine I still don't think it's
a good movie but if I go yeah fine
whatever it's Star Wars you love Star
Wars you love I have a very specific
reasoning that I cannot talk about kids
can handle it give them some credit no I
I would if I saw this movie as a kid it
wouldn't have been traumatizing I would
have hated it
- happens
I
moving
scanning
you should try to reach that survivor
for going to get to the bottom of this
yes not Ebola physicals
hi commander x-rays spot
adjusting aim moving to position
but you can spawn which is coming here
commander there's definitely someone
still alive over there they may be our
only hope of figuring this out
got it
time to motor
rolling
covering now
jet board
commander shut up Bradford you suck
yeah I want to lose those soldiers
playing on classic difficulty
didn't happen got fired fucked Hardin
fucked off and I'm glitched surprising
amount of glitches this run fantastical
amount of glitches it looks like he's
the only witness to survive this fight
and for all we know he was one of the
aggressors we need to bring him in
whether he likes it or not
objectives updated
commander picking up new contacts moving
into the AO
this mission is terrifying says Casper
here's here's the problem with this
mission here's the problem with all of
XCOM scripted missions probably more so
the first one I think there might be
more randomness into with spawn
locations no I don't think there is it's
terrifying the first few times you play
it the problem with this mission and
difficulty is the enemies spawn in the
same place every time and it takes the
challenge the challenge out of it the
worst part of this mission is that
opening where you get the three thinman
it's like you know where they're gonna
be because they spawn on the same spot
problem is if you miss once or twice
you're kind of fucked there but after
that this mission isn't clear sailing
like right here I know that this guy
here right I'm gonna move him here and
then I'm not gonna do it this term but
after I move from here the alien is
going to spawn on this ledge so I move
my sniper there she's got gunslinger I'm
gonna take out a gun he'd be one tile
away unless the game glitches again
because that was a glitch he will die
without poisoning anybody
I got my back up on this ledge and you
can just be various as a shotgun that's
got bad range anyway but I dig Russ
okay
overwatch overwatch and I'm not even
gonna bother with you I don't know what
have to bother fuck around reloading you
actually you know what
you can move over to the next guy who I
know exactly where he's going to spawn
because that is the flaw with this
mission and I'm gonna move here
and I'm not trying to cheat I've just
played this too much I just know where
they're all going to land and I can't
make myself be stupid and pretend I
don't know so I am perfectly set up for
every drop
look at that understand a damn chance
and there's something weird going on
look look over the dam poison cloud is
I have it a glitch game all glitch run
all glitch run
now the next guy is gonna spawn on top
of the truck see we're going over here
you are going over here my salt is gonna
wait for him up here
tired about uh was that Lisa's moist
clam hard West was the XCOM leg game
that one of the things I didn't like
about it I don't think the enemy types
were as interesting either but one of
the other things I didn't like about it
was the canned characters versus the
soldiers you made yourself it wasn't a
terrible game
it's just compared to XCOM hard West
just made me want to play more next time
it didn't it didn't have enough to offer
it on his own on its own it just made me
want to come back to this
good you go we're gonna move them here
then the next guy is gonna drop
let's give the brookie at your shop now
we got to move everybody over because I
know exactly where the next thin man's
gonna be it's a flop Dan this mission is
so comically hard I don't I don't care I
don't care it's too comically hard the
only way I can fuck up is by
accidentally moving him because he's the
one who triggers most of it
all of us look don't accidentally move
him and we're fine
scanning
does have
running
to shooting the thin men shove them in
other towels I think it can but the
thing was over here he went towards the
assault which even if that's the case
shouldn't have happened
roving on target location
bigger
double-time
we're green to go
watch the other
and trigger the next bomb
looks like the aliens are sending in
reinforcements commander
that's a load
negative damage
we agreed to go the boy will get off I'm
on the move
yeah
hostiles are inbound commander
lots of bad damage rules today can't say
I'm fine to that
he's still not getting anything from me
excellent work commander our friend here
might be uncooperative at the moment but
I have a feeling a talk with dr. Valen
will change his tune
looks like they're really taking care of
business down there support and without
so much as a scratch
we will be in touch commander
online
the new engineers arrived this morning
commander we're always glad to have more
help down here
and commander our current satellite
uplink facilities are at full capacity
we should build additional up links as
soon as possible to allow for new
satellite deployments
commander we've got another contact the
signature is a little bigger this time
bangs out
closing on target
build the up like I need money spent
everything on those satellites I'm gonna
get money from the UFO that's my plan I
didn't want to sell more than I had to
unless I had to sounds dumb but it makes
sense
fuck off support nobody likes you
support
now
Oh
support support support support support
support support support also just shoot
myself in the fucking face just christ
one heavy this goes ass this game is
complete fucking ass
well there was more people here because
I don't have a second heavy
sorry wouldn't you rather be named after
a soldier that I might actually use
you'll be heading into Japan for the
next mission but down sounds like he's
having so much fun I'm just having a bad
run all of my my personal objectives for
the night failed and they failed early
that's if you're bored out of your gourd
oh well they'll be a different stream
different game and today we do holiday
to share with your families it's a free
world it's a beautiful world go out go
out and do something if this isn't dear
liking
okay
I can still save all the countries I've
done that before it's boring I fucking
done that it's nothing it's goddamn
nothing it's routine the challenge for
me was not losing anybody and that fell
hard yeah I broke the $1,000 record for
this game mostly in the last couple of
weeks since I've been trying this
insanity or I don't lose anybody that's
what's put me over the top
but
blow it and go home that's a big deal
and miss it but not good enough
not good enough
nope Shepard all right
where she felt shot failed to connect
I'm a sniper
yeah we're definitely gonna lose people
next turn
scanning I know this is bad once and
went into Ricky's I mean I need somebody
actually hit something I'm shocked
you're not dead
it work yep yep
fuck it all fuck it all
I'm on a commander
olan you're just happy you're not a girl
anymore
yes this is this is this is terrible is
what it is I'm having a shit game having
a shit night it's the on-stream curse
and I'm gonna do this without a sniper
like if I lost one of those rookies a
big fucking deal but I know I lost the
sniper my hope was to kill that one with
the sniper and then hopefully I get a
rocket above to kill the other two and
that didn't work out I should have
checked see if I can reach with the
rocket first but I'm a dumbass and
honestly I'm pretty divested right now
ever since that early shenanigans
quiet
did you hear something if I had to
hazard a guess based on its profile
I'd say the intention of tracking and
isolating single targets it appears to
have a sophisticated evasion system as
well thank you XCOM you shouldn't ask me
that tonight ma'am I'm having a terrible
night
I wouldn't want me to be teaching XCOM
tonight everybody star formation we're
gonna lose we're gonna lose the lock is
he's gonna get strangled
they're building up like me oh this is
not good all around
Oh
moving to position
target's still up yep
that's a bit of a fight
hi commander
that is there now location confirmed
what was that sound
oh my god excuse me I got something
happen right
pushkin
heading out head now
scanning
did you guys push get Roger that Eddie
Mair now scanning it's gonna be a long
fucking slow crawl just to get to the
outsider in it second I rush I'm gonna
run into thin men
position confirmed heading to that
location aye aye commander
Oh
that looks like the primary power shut
up shut up Shan shut up has it a guess
this is the amount of power
shut up Shannon to propel that ship I'd
watch your fire down there
that equipment could be highly unstable
you shouldn't even be able to see it is
through the closed door
dr. Koechner yes rich solo strange a
little bit longer I think I think we're
going to much longer I got a lot of
stuff going on tomorrow
ah come on you
the alien flight computer could prove to
be X or not dr. Valle was rapping on a
piece don't use commands and the aliens
they don't care go mini through
freestyle mission objectives completed
she's stone cold I'll give her that much
oh really really why do you think I need
so many fucking supports every time I
play this fucking game I get 78 supports
and two of everything else
why why why why why why why
all right what do we got what do we got
all right
oh shit
it's too late it's not too late
almost fuck that up
just in fucking time Wow Wow
two UFOs in a row it's kind of a bogey
nearing strike range
I'm a bit more okay with supports after
you get the laser weaponry at least when
you're facing down floaters and thinman
that changes once the mutant starts
showing up but by then it usually not
leveled because I've been bringing more
efficient soldiers on missions fun fact
Oh get the fuck out of here mokey fuck
you fuck you mokey fuck off no don't
bitch about it either you're the your
goddamn Bob what was that what was that
was that RPG the the cute one that
everyone loves you're the main character
in another game I played through a jack
under undertale you make an undertale
fuck off
don't have anyone who's not a support no
we don't we don't all right
was it two ways
prepare for deployment strike
you'll be heading into Japan for the
next mission
it looks like the UFO went down in a
densely populated area within the city
limits
let's just hope everyone on the ground
state clear
thank you big sky is reaching the other
marker approaching a crash site now
strike Kangas awaiting your orders the
firm ative Big Sky strike one is free to
engage hostile targets at the crash site
I'm on a commander
similar to that other map where I did
not want to engage head-on my plan is to
make my way over into what I deemed to
be the safer area I'm gonna lose some
meld but and I just don't give a fuck at
all about that anymore
kathan typic i never gave you your scope
along
before could you get in here that was a
mistake
oh my salt is sick
shut up you lousy support you don't
belong here go home heading to that
location
quiet do you hear something
they're not triggered yet
I don't think they're actually triggered
yet
their support sucks we'll use him to
throw a grenade
don't throw the grenade not dear
I'm so far away
have a waste of a crit but not bad
that's affirmative
rolling
on my way
time to motor
mmm-hmm much as I've played XCOM this
might be the first time I have gotten
this particular map after the first
month very weird one other time like I
shot a mech toy down this map once
Oh Shh I think I heard something
moving moving scanning
I'm on the move
alien object in sight oh my good fuck
you're right yep nope rolling
Rider I've got my eyes on s squad side
for the win
they're backing up
well we'll take zero chances weren't
done then my commander
Oh
all right derpy do
oh I used to experience
on my way
jeez are you leading a team of
stormtroopers but actually it says in
the books it's stormtroopers have really
good aim
some other Star Wars nonsense
I'm on it commander moving to position
let's rock take a chance why are we
doing this
so troopers spend five years trading at
the imperial militaristic academy for
advanced tactics I asshole I don't care
the the impel commando training center
yeah yeah that's exactly what it is
that's canon
moving to positions
nice
I'm relieved to hear our troops came
back safely commander hopes I know the
Stormtrooper thing was a joke
and I'm having more fun with it I'm not
having fun at your expense just having
fun with it
yes I would like you devil yes I
gunslinger rockets please
we have medals available in the barracks
commander if you feel any soldiers merit
an award no not really
they're doing all right I mean you know
they could be doing better
commander the council is requesting your
attention secure transmission coming in
now excellent we look forward to see
Mike office
dear Lord I have too many heavies
too many heavies and I'd see myself
saying that
I'd like to get another assault
we are confident that you handle this
matter with discretion
their SWAT is earned not gonna miss
fighting someone else not going to
squaddies in a rookie we're heading into
China for the next operation
replying to a text
alright you know what I think we're
gonna leave it after this mission
hmm you must be my contacts no one who
fears reprisal would make an entrance
like that not so different from killing
a man it won't take long for them to
realize I'm missing especially since
I've got this thing with me if you take
me with you
it's all yours that's our man and it
looks like he's got the package with him
we'll need to get him back to the
extraction point in one piece his former
employers not to mention the invaders
will be looking for him epic JSON X it's
not so much that the stormtroopers can't
aim it's that our protagonists have
magical don't get hit powers which makes
it seem like the stormtroopers can't aim
that's not really what's going on
moving
heading to that location
I'm not sure where my boss got this
thing but he was taking office from a
variety of bidders regardless of their
intentions mm-hmm
okay those is another case where I just
know this mission and the spawns are
always the same at the end of this turn
two thin men are gonna drop the first
ones gonna drop down over here somewhere
I'm afraid it's this one or this one I
think it's I think it's this one and
everyone is gonna use their overwatch
shot to shoot at him there's gonna be a
second thin man to drop down here now
because I know that and I'd like my
troopers to shoot at both in men not
just the one got my shot assault with
the short short range shotgun just kiddy
Korner to this full cover blocking his
line of sight to the thin man who drops
here so that he won't shoot at this thin
man he will shoot at this one close
range
that's that's knowing the man knowing
the mission knowing that drops oh pro
tips tricks and tips tips notes tips and
tricks isn't it either way
you had a trip tipping a trip
hey I got two thin dad - Dead than men
on the same overwatch round
moving we agreed to go get your speech
over with
the job itself seem trivial delivering
equipment to a predetermined drop point
back online aye aye commander
ready to engage our mana commander
good to go yep would you on my way okay
good to go
moving to designated position
once I saw this device I began to fear
the implications mo involved now I could
put everybody on overwatch but I just
don't feel like reloading every what we
gotta do and this get ready one guy
might be enough to kill this fucker
was enough
solid copy
aye aye commander
my commander
Oh aye aye
I've crossed many lines during my life
but now we all face a common enemy
stay alert strike one that hostile
forces about to hit your position
heading to that location
let's feed my sniper
Nantz has a sneaking suspicion that
she's gonna die ye of little faith
little faith
Marshall unless you like
phasma dead does anybody really care if
they see Captain phasma again that that
great and fascinating interesting
well-written character of generic
stormtrooper kind of leader she's
fucking Star Wars like Boba Fett all
over again
full of the bullies schmuck fan schmuck
blew them for war reports of heavy ex
reactivity in that area enemy forces are
likely closing on your location
you
you are inebriated
I
aye aye commander we'll go
Oh
scanty cupboard comfort zone
heads up commander we've got an
intermittent contact it's something
different from the others
elsewise
nice
I've got my eyes
come on mute all dr. bollen says it like
that then have you sounded very strange
somebody's gonna die poking Creepshow
appears to be that unit I don't envy
anyone who is to go up against that
thing maybe not maybe not alright good
good you move twice
fuck this graveyard sants since you you
tremendous fuck up tremendous fuck up
thank God I brought three heavies and
not a heavy into supports boy would that
have been embarrassing
by the way knowing knowing the maps
knowing the scripted missions the man
used to be dead now
but fire at a 0% wasn't blocked
moving to position
recovery now
move into position
this is my last mission I'm still going
but not not for long plus 2 people 3
people total for the night and yeah it's
pretty shitty can't stand it horrible
night failed and everything I wanted to
do good and I guess it's entertaining
I don't know Adam alright you're already
getting a promotion so you don't need to
take the shot well ok you're already
pretty level okay you're already pretty
level ok you're already pretty level
okay y'all ready
that's good thing to handle em up I only
did three dammit fuck fuck you fuck you
and fuck everything about you fuck it
all fuck it all entertaining I think
you're confusing entertaining with
failing
on my way
let's rock
now correct me if I'm wrong the next
stream would actually be on Christmas
right if I got my days of the week wrong
here
because I make no guarantees no
guarantees there is a chance I will have
time to stream on Christmas I don't know
what I'm going to stream
and I don't know what the Internet's
gonna be like at Karen's mother's house
which is where I will be on Sunday and
we won't have a microphone so if I
wanted a stream with Karen which if I'm
going to stream Sunday I would really
want to do I'm gonna need to find a some
kind of a regular microphone or a way to
plug in a secreto ii headset I don't
know just receive some Intel that
hostiles are advancing on your location
ready up
take the webcam and you think oh I might
sound like shit but that's a that's a
possibility
car did not appeal time to move
double-time
location could burn
eyes pealed strike one opposition is
headed towards you repeat hostiles
approaching your position alright now
I'm gonna do something just for my own
sake of curiosity okay cuz this is my
last mission of the night anyway
this guy's on overwatch I'm kind of
curious if the mission ends the second
he hits this tile or if he's still gonna
take an overwatch shot I've given up
everything to keep this device out of
the wrong hands oh wait it counts as
having escorted him that counts new
objective received
that kills I wonder if he's dead or not
this is this is glitched the game didn't
like that it's glitched it glyphs I
can't do anything oh wow I always wanted
to experiment with that but I never
wanted to ruin a game I have learned new
things about X come it's it's useless
knowledge but its knowledge
can't even get out of here let me I mean
I'm going to boot up the game again and
I'm just gonna see if it's softlocked if
it's dead if Zhang is dead or what
now what is what is the status of Zayn
oh he's still alive it saves before all
right you know what for shits and
giggles let's see what the commotion on
the people get who gets promoted him
what CC well then it's fine it's over
it's done
I am alive but the life I had is gone
now funny that my life should take such
an unexpected path
turning my back on old friends to defeat
a common enemy
the device in our contact are secured
get back to HQ for debriefing so this is
an Ironman run so I'm just kind of
curious in that was gonna like who's
gonna reload the save and a frozen state
and a softlock State curious about the
results so far especially considering
the conditions out there
remember right we will be watching the
rain I'm done
exit what the hell is this I'm getting a
whole bunch of Xbox friend things on
this Xbox app that I don't use it's very
weird it's very weird
all right who've I got here's the point
in the stream where I read the names of
the people who have subscribed during
the stream Clarissa darling Sean
15 months in a row says if I invested
the money I spent on this channel I
would be worth millions by now assuming
I won the lottery with one of my
investment tickets but I just have to
support this great stream quality pixel
Sagan twelve twenty twenty three fucking
months in a row says all the best
cutter coder eighty-six zecko twelve
months in her old says has it been a
year already
whoop-whoop rich love you in the last a
chat t be so good to see someone excited
about 80s T's that much keep up the good
work Len flack since Key says explain to
me how electronics store can sell record
players but not VCRs right I sling
record players I said I want to know
DeStefano 87 15 months in a row says
some joke about jack off alien o7 says
rich what 2017
games are you most looking forward to I
don't what the fuck's even coming out
this year I don't know of the announced
ex-con three well T Sparrow rific TC
Brady one three three says Freddie
Mercury had HIV sinks
love you Bri Asst Ayers says x-ray
neutralized Swedish I don't know that's
a Laurie I it's gonna haunt me until I
die 15 months and roses God July God the
first thing nig there's something sorry
I butchered that Stewart big sin or
blatant that's blatant there's that big
sin that's blatant big difference
Stuart Leighton Edgar Allen Poe says
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas you
filthy animal
but turds are green twenty four fucking
months in a row says X comes a great
anniversary gift djk train says hey
let's go Turkish celery seven the sewer
bides this time it's lupus 14 months in
a row says funny to think that I've
spent this much money on something I
just sort of listened to in the
background while masturbating
doing other things gays are funnier guys
are funny guys I guess what guys are
funny casual horse 13 months a neurosis
demand then glitched
Merry Christmas rich Robbins o 19 says
just got this game it's great that
horrible sinking feeling when you lose
your highest rank do
made it maybe six months on my first go
Frisco Jones 28 fucking months in a row
the red epic says despite XCOM being
glitchy as hell denied great stream as
usual next one I'll have a Star Trek
question or two for you
brave cadet says yay alright everybody
have a Merry Christmas maybe oh maybe
I'll see you at Christmas and maybe I
won't I don't know let's see what
happens we'll see but I'll see what
Santa Claus brings Claus brings
