Aug 28, 2016
Jack's PC Build
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/89406952
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBWzz4oALd4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/769972109498060800

down and there's your heart rate I'm
going to try to get Zen we mentioned
your heart rate can everybody see Jax
can everyone see our heart oh my god I
had no mic and I'm a scream alright
there we go
there we go I was dumb that was fair
that was a rookie mistake
rookie mistake rich so heart rate heart
rate we could see your heart rate and
already I'm freaking out
this was Rich's grand grand idea the
heart ometer which I which I love I love
the heart ometer hi oh hi everybody hi
everybody
the only thing it needs is sound effects
needs a dude well dude remember it
yelled at us really I don't know why but
it yelled at us because you took it off
thought you were dead
welcome welcome to Jack builds his PC
stream you have never built a PC before
I have never built a PC before I am
freaking out a little bit and then rich
had this idea to hook up this heart
monitor which is on my toe right now so
I have a thing which camera am I looking
at I have a thing on my toe right now
that is giving you that live heart rate
my B beats per minute I have no idea
like what's normal but I feel stressed
out yeah yeah you should you should give
this you know any mistake jack it's a
very expensive mistake any mistake is
gonna be okay so what do I do with this
well that that that is for static
electricity like if you touch like your
mother borrowed your video card or
something yeah it you get an electric
shock that might fuck some shit up
mm-hmm so you put that around your wrist
and then the other end you you have to
ground yourself some kind of metal
that's touching the ground I think you
can you guys think you can't just clap
it under the case if the case is metal
yeah and you'll be fine
oh okay
oh okay and rich is gonna be my helper I
have all of my things over here and a
lot of them are not even open so this is
like this is like unboxing Street this
is also an unboxing stream and you and
you'll get to see all of my fun my super
fun stuff so that is that is your case
here is my gorgeous case where I think I
say this exactly step one pour coffee
all over motherboard why is your drink
there as soon as the actual electronics
come out my drink is going away but I
haven't finished it yet
and so I I want to UM I want to have it
there because coffee comforts me because
I'm addicted to coffee I did have this
open Irie Irie package this because
there were some things that I weren't
quite sure fit
I'll see you you you had this on already
a little yeah like this I opened already
but look at this absolutely gorgeously
I'm super excited cameras focused
entirely on the white board I want to
move that over a bit I'll move the case
over here
for everyone out to see close-up you
know I think this is a better one look
at this tiny tiny case this is glass
you're a flat lining huh you're
flatlining oh my god I'm dead oh my god
I'm dead hold on wake up
I have to wiggle my toes hold on let me
work on my toes a little bit
do you have diabetes right you bout to
lose a toe oh my god I might be losing a
toe hold on everybody here look at my
sweet ass case Jack you're getting F to
the chat what F oh yeah so pay respects
thank you chat oh god there it is
breathe deep
I did take it off for a second breathing
deep I'm dead I'm sorry it's not gonna
stop beeping I'm sorry I'm dead hold on
it'll stop it stopped before jack has no
circulation is like you should be
standing up more I know no I should be
there we go now we're getting it again
so here's my here's my super beautiful
case this is glass under Heat and Ethier
obviously I'm not taking off the
protective foam until we are further
done in the bill but look at how tiny
and beautiful this case is I'm super
super excited about this and then look
like check this out this just snaps off
you can just like pull off the side
oh that's clear case yeah it's glass and
so it's got it's got a protective sheet
on it I did not find my last case but
you didn't get any of the lighting I
don't want the lighting I don't why you
get a glass case you can still see the
innards it's still beautiful you can
still see the beauty but I think LED
lights are lame so I'm not doing that
here's the here's the inside guts
he was the inner guts pretty small and
then here you can also pop out this side
for for feasibility of building and yeah
it's hard to like figure out the right
angle to show you guys this button
anyway it's so tiny no you guys this is
so tiny you know here is it here's the
remote control for our TV to give you
like some concept I don't have a proper
thing to give you scale but this is a
remote control this is how tiny the
cases I think your hands probably a
decent size
well they I might have giant hands or
tiny hands they don't know they don't
know what kind of hands I have
but that's how big it is so super super
exciting and I'm so nervous
85 86 beats per second or someone figure
out what unnormal beat per second is
fluctuating you've hit the 90s you have
been as low as 270 I think you're just
excited Jack I'm sure you guys have no
idea how excited I am and nervous I am
to build this live why is it so tiny
because I want something that looks
pretty and the way my desk is set up at
work I don't have a ton of space and I
want to make sure everything is clean
and beautiful so I got a tiny beautiful
thing that I can put on top of my desk
he thinks it's pretty I think it's so
pretty it's so pretty can I just do this
like does that work just do it to the
case just over to the case okay I mean
right it doesn't matter I think like
where are you gonna be working mostly
and look for the camera setup I have no
idea where I'm gonna be working mostly
rich because I've never built a computer
before I don't even know what I'm using
people could see the things so like I'm
imagining do this come on over here
camera yeah there we go
yeah we can work with that a little more
easy so then I'll be doing like this see
this and you guys can see me and rich
and great well I'm not gonna hand you
the next thing you ask me the next thing
and I'll get it for you what wait you're
supposed to help me I'm your own Jack
what you're on your own rich I don't
know what I'm doing I thought you did
the research well now all my parts fit I
don't know how to put them on you didn't
research this you didn't read up no oh
my god why was I supposed to yeah like
well I figured you know why cuz I
figured I figured that you know the
chats are gonna be helpful obviously
obviously the chats gonna know what to
do oh well just like what order what
order do
what are you going you know do you do
motherboard motherboard motherboard
heatsink first motherboard
well you might born I put the processor
in the motherboard right do you have
like what do you have for cooling you
have a fancy fan oh I can fit a fancy
fan I do I have a very fancy fan okay
where I don't I don't know what you're
even doing Yeah right here bring me my
motherboard and my fancy fan we'll just
start there how about that
oh yeah start by putting CPU into
motherboard sure sure
CPU yep solid staid get my giant ass
super fancy fan god what is this wait
till you see this thing wait till you
see this thing it's not time for that
yet
it's great great here's my motherboard I
had to do the one thing I really really
had to double check now do you need to
put mounting screws in your case for the
motive work first or does already have
mounting screws there already has
mounting screws here okay and then I
believe they are right here yep great
hey guys this is we're gonna take it
easy and we're all gonna settle down
specifically me I'm gonna settle down
with a medal I am very worried that you
did not like like read a guide first on
the steps in the order and what very I'm
very surprised it'll be fine I did thank
you whoever whoever suggested I go to PC
part picker yep thank you for that
because I was I was starting to get
really worried that like what if what if
it I just can't plug shit into other
shit no cuz you assume where it's like
everything is basically kind of the same
yeah but you know and then someone
mentioned PC part picker which I didn't
even know was a thing but they told them
a PC part Baker told me everything is
compatible weld it so that's good here
is my motherboard
so what is oh okay so that's where the
pins go great
that should be easy right that's an easy
thing to do
putting the core in should we do that
first let's do that first
let's put the core in you know it's the
most nerve-wracking thing sure the pins
on that are very delicate well now now
you got me extra excited don't put it in
there like like a like turn the wrong
way and then pull like a clamp to try
and get it and like you're gonna like
rip all of the pins out of the processor
and then you're gonna ruin both your
processor and your motherboard thank you
right while you watch a little video and
it says like what was cut processor you
know lines up here like this when you
put a lever you can expect it to feel
like this much pressure but if you feel
too much pressure stop immediately
Phillip feels like that you're gonna
break something and you have no idea
what to expect now and until that's
frightening
is frightening I'm a winged it kind of
guy rich
I'm a winged it kind of guy so here is
the processor this beautiful view what
is the name of the motherboard for these
for these nice people who are watching
oh sure good so this is an MSI be 150 I
gaming pro AC there's a lot of
motherboards out there yeah
oh yeah I know a lot of motherboards out
there because my dad's very into
computing uh he gave me a piece of
advice years ago that I took to heart
okay
don't neglect your motherboard don't
like buy the cheapest thing you can
because you think it's at least support
its it ties everything together it ties
everything don't get a cheap motherboard
ya know so the you know I and I went
with reviews not just like the big the
biggest like the most positive reviews
but the most amount of reviews right
because that's usually what you do it
like like so if it has a good number but
also like 500 reviews okay works for a
life just made it was cheap but yeah
well but if it has good
you okay okay but you know what we're
it's like if there's one that's like a
five-star but only has ten reviews and
one is a four and a half star and has
500 reviews I'm more apt to get the 500
review on the CPU is key to go in one
direction only make sure to match up the
indicator down with the in with the top
of the CPU on that with a second so it's
the msi be 150 i gaming pro ac good
stuff on it you know I thought it would
hilarious it has one of these old-school
mouse and keyboard inputs like anyone
would ever need those but good Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi is important to me as my office is
not wired right now for Ethernet so I
need a good Wi-Fi and what is this thing
why is that there none of us is
regarding the is this replacing Mima and
best of the worst
oh sure you can laugh Erol and patrons
should be worried I can consider blinken
a my a game station gone quick cuts gone
I'm also gone fuck BOTS 48 hour film
rich Evans watches animated blinkin 101
kid jokes
dude bros care bores keep making the
same old stuff because I don't like
things that are different
mmm interesting do you have any thoughts
on that rich well for one I think it
isn't m.i.a
right I can tell you that blanket is
being worked on as we speak
everyone knows blankets being worked I
have recently been working on a thing
before blanket you have in fact you have
been doing game stations been dead for
years and has been dead because it
sucked and we replaced game station with
something thank you that's why we're all
here dude Bros has been dead for like
like a decade before rlm was a thing I
was n with care boards by the way there
was one care Bors there was one care
Bors and dude bros was the thing before
RL m yeah
people are just butthurt because i
called them out on there
their comment section bullshit right I
think okay I lift it up this thing and
then this thing raises up this is where
I'm gonna start to get real nervous all
right what I'm reading I'm reading the
instructions right now okay what what
processor did you get oh my gosh that is
doubly important I got the Intel Core i5
6600 K so Intel Inside Intel Inside a
core i5 you know you can't go with the
i7 which is significantly more expensive
so I got this Black Friday Black Friday
yeah
rich is a deal hunter I am an impatient
man but the six is six hundred again
good reviews that's okay oh I was
reading the instructions my five is fine
of course it is it's everything I got is
gonna be fine
that is a real heart rate monitor yeah
that is a real heart rate monitor people
right now is that his riches idea here
is the heart rate monitor that is
currently hooked up to my toe I am not
joking that we got an actual pulse
oximeter there was you know and so that
is it live right now and I am being cool
I'm staying cool because I'm trying not
to freak out because once you start
freaking out there's no stopping
freaking out you you read the
instructions yeah and make sure damn
well you make big damn sure you know I
don't put that on I'm walking I'm just
glad you didn't try to put like thermal
paste all over the socket oh god I'd
like to think I know better than that
okay let's see here
renegade curious rich what are your
thoughts on dead rising for removing the
timeline the time limit mechanic not
even having an optional arcade mode it
bummed me out and I'll just stick with
Dead Rising 2 off the record yeah it
kind of ruins the game I am now not
interested in Dead Rising for a little
bit a little bit injured like like like
I'm sale
I'll check it out someday but what do
they do it kind of that you know how
dead rising has like the strict time
limits like everything in that game is
on a clock yeah you have three days and
X happens on day two and you have so
much time to do it but you gotta balance
that with doing this one all that's
going oh so much times you wanna take
the time and fuck off be casual it's
more fun now cuz it's boring
it's more fun now cuz it's boring that
sounds about right telegin says great
best of the worst guys I don't know how
you turned the conversation around to
male pregnancy and armpit Davis
but somehow you did that's that's the
magic of rich Evans right there Mike sue
might get a lot to do with that I was
proud of my use kit tampon edition
though to the story as who should be
right something logical you needed a
hang if you're gonna have a baby just
there's two things you need for sure
unless you're cloning okay
right I did that then I just then I just
put this thing back on like there's no
pushing or is everything wanna dump and
in the right spot yeah it has little
tabs okay
it has tiny little tabs and then this
just kind of oh so the yeah this is the
tough part right here is now you push
down on this to close it all
show them what you're doing okay so I
lined up the core and here I'll open
this back up again you do have the
plastic off right oh yeah I totally did
that one there's plastic I didn't see
plastic yeah this is what it came okay
yeah that's right okay there's plastic
how they package it I well now you got
me freaked out
you should be freaked out I this is
where the most expensive rotten things
can happen okay so I know it's lined up
because it has if you can you can see it
has little tabs right here that make it
line up so now I'm just gonna push down
and hope that everything's fine so that
goes on top there boom
and yeah this is the
so that should be it boom now I got the
processor right sure why not I don't
care
you put thermal paste on before you put
the cooler on depending on what goes on
top of the processor I'm talking to the
chat okay
don't yeah don't don't bend pins in
three two one no no it's fine
the I did you I hopefully all heard like
the groan that that Gaelic yeah but I
think I can see Jax shuffling his feet
around from the PPG maybe yeah and well
that's I'm trying I'm trying not to move
it too much but okay great so there's
the processor that's in that's all
that's everything you don't even know
how to properly apply the throw paste I
don't you know you know I rich you're
here and you've done this before
the whole bit was I don't help you I
thought that was the bit we had a bit
that's the exciting like rich isn't
gonna catch but like a PC and rich isn't
gonna help
I got a tune in for that drama no it's
not drama
that was never part of that I was never
part of the plan that was never part of
the plan this is gonna be like us
playing XCOM it's gonna be like you
playing ex-con with me now put the thing
in there now put it on like that
you're gonna armchair general right he's
planning on asking the chat LS it using
too much thermal paste did you buy
thermal paste i came with the cooler oh
okay I brought something I thought
sometimes racism I was ready for a
gotcha yeah yeah I mean the one thing
the one thing I thought about is like I
got this SSD and I don't know if this
came with the cord it should come with a
cord right do you think yeah right I
don't know either that's always part of
the plan Jack some coolers come with
pace to already apply yeah some coolers
come you're now dead again I'm dead
again now your big toe I'd only go likes
your tiny toe oh it's not on my
don't we won't fit on my big door won't
fit on your big don't think I just know
you're dead
am i dead again no they're gone I'm back
I'm back alive I just needed to move my
foot there we go I'm back alive again
everybody you know you might want to see
a doctor about that
what that's some kind of poor
circulation going on Jack I don't know I
might have forced circulation I don't
know that's why do why do you think it's
so important that I stand up every else
he's acting before you lose that foot
I'm saying diabetes is important okay so
do I so what do I do
you know I have all these cables here
you have um processor in I have the
processor in you might want to put it in
the case put it put this in the case
yeah you put this in the case before you
put the the cooler out oh well I don't
know how fancy your cooler is I put my
cool around after the fact okay
I don't think I did know I didn't that
would be that might be dumb that might
be in your cooler okay let's take a look
at my cool thing I think I'm being brain
dead cuz it's been it's now been a
couple years since I have done this
right right I hope you have SATA cables
somewhere because I don't have spares of
those for the for my hard drive to the
motherboard come with like cables for
head drives and for other things some
cables it came with some cables and are
you even doing a CD drive no no I am NOT
doing a CD drive
hey Karen's in the chat maybe I can put
it in an earlobe okay here's my cooler
it took me a long time to find the right
cooler Kurtis suggested you put the
heart rate monitor on you hear that my
earlobe yeah and you know I just don't
think I just have to move my foot
everyone tomorrow think of the visual
think of the visual Jack I can't
concentrate I'm putting my computer
together if I got a thing in my earlobe
rich okay check out this beast foam you
don't know did you end up going water
cool like what that is gigantic what is
this
I didn't know water cool I wanted to go
water cold which is insane no that's
crazy it's perfectly fine and in my case
here I'll show it before I show you the
cooler that I got my case has these two
holes right here if you can see two butt
holes
come here they're real these two
potholes right here for specifically for
water cooling so you can put a water
cooler in here run the tubes out here
the only problem is then the radiator
this case is designed for the radiator
to sit on top and so then you got a
little brick on top and that would kind
of ruin the streamlined look that I'm
going for the the aesthetics that I'm
looking for so I found but but also you
know the case is not very wide and so
you can't have I can't have a cooler
like Richard had so I found one that did
things a little bit different it's still
a heat sink not some funky colors in the
fin it's still a heat sink cooler but
the fan is on the other side we're gonna
happen and that's great if you might
want to put your motherboard in I don't
know how that's gonna fit on the board
you might want to you might not have
room to put all the screws in I'm not
sure how that's of what you're gonna
have to screw them on the motherboard
into the case it's something yeah yeah
yeah yeah is that gonna cover screw
holes something is gigantis thing yeah
would might i because it's very it looks
like it's gonna be very close to the
board right it's also very very large
mostly because rich-rich got me really
freaked out about overheating and so I
got one with the tiny case it's worried
it
to worry you got me freaked out you got
more freaked out I hope your video card
and everything's gonna fit in there with
it yes maybe
according to PC part picker everything
fits okay is all I'm saying
okay that's all I'm saying and if it
doesn't then you guys get to watch me
fail and so it's a win-win right that's
a win-win situation check should over
Clark now that he has an airplane
radiator it is alright let's you know
what let's just put the motherboard in
and we'll go from there how about why
don't ya don't screw it in just put them
on the core in and then hover the fan
over it and see if you can get it
everything you need to get at the
motherboard comes with thumb screws
which is very very area or the case
comes with thumb screws for the
motherboard so that's very nice future
famous person says you just you just
read things and look at what you're
doing for a bit yeah
future famous person says rich would you
consider doing a review as Don Wilson no
because Don Wilson goes off on weird
tangents and I wouldn't be able to focus
it would be wrong if he were trying to
focus in which it wouldn't be the same
he I think Don Wilson needs to be
stream-of-consciousness absolutely yep
Judy cricket prick bastard says wow
that's it did you did you get the tips I
sent in before the stream or are my
words forever lost
I did not see another tip from Jiminy
Cricket bastard I scroll down a bit
earlier yeah I did not see any earlier
from you nay Jiminy Cricket so I think
they're lost forever Rick but we usually
do get tips that come in when we're not
streaming so I don't know what's going
on but they're definitely not showing up
here gobbledygook says Jack yeah
does your motherboard have a m2
interface if you get an m2 SSD the copy
speed is 10 times faster than a regular
SATA 3 I don't know that's a good
question I don't know is my answer how
about that okay the blue button says
dear God
make sure he takes the place
took film off the top of the processor
this is a rollercoaster ride to watch
there is no plastic film on top of the
processor I didn't really notice one I
didn't get in too close I could be wrong
first of all so it might be on there
well we'll find out
we'll find out there is no plastic film
on top of the processor all 100 series
motherboards have them says TCL p99 it
oh there you go
great that's great for me that's great
for me I'm trying to get these electric
skeleton this is rich and Jake hi I love
you guys
have some money Hey Oh Jack yeah the i/o
shield know what there should be a thing
that covers up all those ports so it
looks better in back and dust and
whatnot is the harder time getting any
is there's a thing there should be a
thing what oh oh yeah the the thing in
back here yeah yeah oh yeah we're just
remember we're doing it now make sure
things line up yeah yeah are you doing
that vertically what are you doing that
vertically what I mean why the case tone
oh my god I mean I was doing it
vertically yes
you know why rich cuz I'm a dummy
sometimes I'm a big dumb dummy well the
coaster ride is because I'm nervous okay
it's because I'm nervous I'm building a
computer which where does the internet
go where do I put the internet in
yeah there's this this check right now
is just seeing if things fit there
should be something he needs to screw on
the backside of the mother pant I will
he's he is smartly like just just
getting a feel for how this is gonna go
in right and if he's gonna have room for
this to that and you're dying and I'm
dying again while Jack is dying
anonymous says West stream I tipton
mentioned King keto and the next day
plank no.2 came out with that in mind
and knowing what we've all been waiting
for when can we expect the review of
Ishtar toot thing that was that was a
bait and switch oh I guess that was a
bait and switch
I like that I get it I like that I get
it I get it it's not gonna happen though
it's tired no if you're configured away
from the ishtar review tomorrow it's not
gonna happen
you gotta wait for the other thing
tomorrow definitely 100% chance that
will come out tomorrow tomorrow even
though it's still being worked on but it
is currently being worked on it is
currently being worked on
even that is 100% legit that my problem
is that my problem I'm not dead
lay off weird on my toes or yeah I just
have the wrong screws is that my problem
there which you don't know I'm not in
there I'm not in there Jack you're in
there
oh yeah I believe these are the right
screws is that kind of thing that like
raises it up a bit they usually have
little pegs yeah that's got off thanks
maybe I don't know hold on hold on hold
on hold on hold on although we're gonna
take going then take this Orion think
this out of here
take this out of here come on oh it's
caught on some wires Oh God
Hey I am Alive you Jiminy Cricket before
oh god everything's broken okay if I
think it's fine now it's fine enough
there we go
that put that over there he's that one
old one by the way I need to adjust that
what what when it goes over a hundred we
don't see it because of the way I've got
that setup I need to read I'm at 101 you
got what I want
son of a bitch is that why it's alarming
possible because I'm this is a great
idea rich thank you
you have to put in the pegs first my
pegs
pase pase oh oh maybe you guys are right
don't I have you wouldn't know ah here's
oh yeah I got the instructions I got the
instructions right here tell this thing
that I am very much alive
now would you look at that yeah there's
a little like peg things rich he knew
that already
what see I'm alive I'm alive
everything's fine I'm alive and
everything's fine
oh I am I'm using the wrong screw that's
the Mads my problem desktop audio down
probably kill the beeps right oh yeah if
they're if like I don't know how about
that love that is for that one I just
got that off great okay I'm just using
the wrong screws that's my problem
I'm gonna come in there and take a look
what's going on not yet okay
I just wasn't following the instructions
if you want the beeping back
I can I can turn the sound on I don't
know how wild that was I thought it
might be obnoxious this appears to be
the right school it's just a blip ah yep
okay that was my I will get my shit
together like you know what I just did I
just got it together my shit is all
together now you know why cuz I found
the right screws reading the
instructions read the manual read the
manual yeah that's a manual for the case
okay that's what I was reading yeah and
here's here's that plate that everyone
was talking about that that a fancy
snapper plate here put on everything
will be fine he's gonna do fine
everybody what's the worst I can do
what's the worst that I can do is just
ruin all this yes the warhammer though
is that I could ruin all of this on
camera and and then I won't be able to
return it and I'll go no you know we
know that you messed that up you can't
blame that on the products because we
have a recording of you messing it up
okay Sean says when I took my computer
together earlier in this year my cooler
got in the way of plugging in some of my
cables and then later I had to take my
graphics card out
plug in my drives yeah I believe it the
blue button says make sure he is using
the motherboard standoffs or he'll fry
the board when he powers it put the RAM
in first but the power supply and put
the RAM in first put the power supply
and fans in first it matters for fitting
stuff put the power supply in first
that's what this thing
alright it matters for fitting stuff I
guess I've never had a small case the
power supply has never gotten in the way
of my motherboard and it shouldn't the
the the power supply goes and power
supply goes in this space which
shouldn't really interfere with the
motherboard but I could see maybe it
would be a pain kind of doing it all
like that so oh maybe oh maybe
yeah and I'm wouldn't kill you to put
the RAM in first the RAM in the
motherboard yeah sure I don't know that
it makes a big difference when you put
it in but the order you don't forget it
the cooler should go in last is what
you're saying I think this counts as a
twitch creative this councils creative
don't you think I'd say so this is this
is 100% gaming related and it's well you
know or talk show it's weak yeah we
couldn't really decide I'm sure we're
creative it's fine or creative it's
gonna be fine it's gonna be fine
so like according according to the
instructions on the case it says I
should do motherboard first oh and then
I can remove the top cover even what
there is a thing though that's gonna
raise your motherboard up it's not going
flat on the bottom of this thing the way
you got it set up what I mean it is
gonna be a little bit raised the
motherboard 1/2 inch or something it's
not flat out touching the side of the
case
look where does it go it goes on these
screws and these pegs raise it up so it
doesn't such a case okay what you mean
some race things built in there I guess
that might be if you can we know you
can't see it can see there are raised
things they're apparently raised things
built into according to the instructions
I do screw it right on to the raised
things so that that's what I'm gonna do
you know what that's what I'm gonna do
I'm just gonna see how that works
seat of our pants here everybody's seat
of our pants did I do something wrong
did I do something wrong
maybe nope shazbot nice not flying
rocket League look I changed the thing
we were playing ages ago that's that's a
done deal
let me make sure it took it's like game
I there's no real game select that he's
put in building a PC mm-hmm an update
again but it's fine I'm sure it's fine
okay all right let's screw this thing in
and see if it all fits some people
saying it still says rocket League for
me it's saying building a PC and you hit
the Update button I hit the Update
button I hit it again just now that no
maybe takes a while alright screw in it
and maybe it's freaking out because what
I put in isn't an officially sanctioned
game oh I guess should be fine we've
done that before I think you have to
select not playing aah I'll try that
I'll try not playing
just like not playing that's weird you
guys this is by the way this is an elbow
extreme this is that's well that's the
real game here everybody welcome to
elbow we got my toes to make sure that
beeping doesn't go up again hey I got
one screwin rich I got one screwin whoa
yay that's one more than I've had in the
last hour so I still hope you can fit
anything in there with that cooler it's
gonna be fine yes it's gonna be fine or
it's not gonna work and if it's fine
it's gonna be fine if an it doesn't work
then I fail live on camera and
everyone's happy either way rich
everyone is happy
screw number two boom oh yeah we're
rolling now we are rocking and/or
rolling we haven't been streaming for
that long move on the been streaming for
like a half-hour the X 1:35 says I only
been subbed for a few months so not the
biggest loss but the fact that I need to
cancel Plus resub because my bank gave
me a new card makes me pretty fucking
mad you can't just update that good
going twitch quality service oh yeah
sorry I'm sorry
yeah that's not that's way out of our
control
it's it does seem weird that you can't
just like update your information that's
that's kind of like basic right I think
that happen anonymous says is PC
replacing rock rocket league is building
a PC replacing rocket League yep I
fucked that up wasn't funny anyway isn't
a fucking replace it again
hey guys like in that elbow you're
liking that you guys see all my freckles
I've been out in the Sun this summer you
know what I get I get this muscles this
is a great elbow street you guys like
that you guys like that elbow great glad
glad to be of service
okay there we go now tighten it up
tighten it up don't want to go too tight
stick which at which operating system
are you gonna go with Windows 10 Windows
10 I was thinking about doing seven cuz
I like I had seven on my virtual
machines you're on my dual boot with my
on my max and Widow seven works great
but they're no longer updating Windows 7
a lot so like if you're worried about
viruses and see if your security focused
worried Windows 10 is the way to go and
son of a bitch I am Alive maybe you know
what I might have a circulation problem
but I am Oh Windows 10 is gonna be fine
Oh mostly because I am only going to use
this for games I am NOT going to use the
web browser I am NOT gonna use email I
will turn this on and play games on it
and that is it so here's how the
motherboard looks in here and you'll
you'll get whatever Xbox one Xbox one
exclusive here's the back now with fancy
I think I did something I'm pretty sure
I did something wrong with this back
case cuz that does not look right let me
see it I mean I'm just you know like
it's not like flush or anything yeah
that's fine it's fine
okay says it's fine it's just not can
you plug all the things in yeah but it's
not then it's fine that's right up to it
then it's fine here's the backside with
the motherboard okay so hey we got one
thing in so now theoretically this thing
should go it's just ridiculous you
didn't you did not miss what video card
check out yeah oh yeah we have now there
should be some kind of plate that goes
on the back side of that motherboard
yeah yeah they came with the hardware so
but this should fit everything well can
you still get your video card in with it
video card goes in underneath here yeah
so this is where where's your where's
your power supply going in relation over
clothes over here alright boy goes in
over here harddrive goes in down here
obviously harddrive super small so oh do
you have a separate thing that the power
supply plug goes into that also fits it
that's that's bizarre here I'll show you
that is so bizarre is yeah so like the
plug in the back here you know the power
plug goes to this cable here right and
then this cable swoops all the way
around and plugs into the power supply
up here that is so weird
well I think it's something that they
had to do just for Organ Amish just hack
it a tiny yes so but it's looking like
things are gonna fit this is exciting
this is super exciting oh okay so after
motherboard those three linear screw
slots are for the M to drive slot but
what is that I'm reading a thing you
mean these down here linear screw slots
get right up on this subject
shoulda dinner Jiminy Cricket bad sense
I love that that's that isn't Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard is my favorite
cuss
from now on and forever something on the
back of the motherboard I think three
things in the back of the motherboard
that's gonna I don't know I don't know
what's going on in the back I don't
think I don't think I had one of these
in my motherboard three linear screws I
don't know I don't know there are so
there are screws like you know there's
holes right here
you know I'm covering this up with my
finger right now there's holes right
here that's the for the mounting that's
for mounting the thing yeah but oh they
could see the light through it
everything's fine rich everything's
gonna be fine I need a bigger
screwdriver Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says Jiminy Cricket brick I wrote a
program that can write text like a
person if you have an Nvidia card you
could run it yourself would you be
interested I can give you a sample of
what it can do this does not come off I
just I just I tried to unscrew a thing
and I stripped my screws Lee Anne we
look what do you mean by right text like
a person I mean is it like an AI kind of
thing like that interacts with people in
some fashion or you mean is something
that looks like handwriting I'm kind of
confused as to exactly what you mean by
write text like a person I'm with you
being equally confused I need think like
I don't know I know rich what I need we
need a slightly bigger screwdriver you
have very tiny screwdrivers yeah cuz
usually these things are tiny I need to
take off a bigger screw can you can you
see you please go get me a slightly
bigger
then which Evans is my helper he's gonna
help me do you have you have a lot of
these things but no like bits form give
it somewhere
gotta just be missing but those aren't
for bids those are fur like excellent oh
okay
Minnie
yeah it's Minnie oh I needed a mini ATX
motherboard because of the case and I
wanted the case you know cuz I wanted to
look nice and because of the way my
office is set up
he shouldn't be that big of an issue one
I'm not gonna overclock and two I have
this you know monster of a heatsink here
which should really help but we'll see
well see rich is a lovely assistant I
agree rich is a lovely lovely assistant
you should probably seat the RAM before
the cooler yeah yeah I'll put the RAM in
and I'll put the power up I'll put the
power supply and I need to take off the
the top of this case you call that a
heatsink well it is you know that's what
it's called so I today I'm sure
saw the RAM before the cooler bro yes
rowdy Rao sir I will not installing the
cool yeah we're selling the power supply
next my heart rate does relax when I'm
talking about rich knowing that rich is
here he won't be a thing even if you use
the stock cooler but now you have a
goddamn tractor-trailer cooler it's
gonna be fun is there there is a back
brace for the cooler the cooler comes
the cooler comes with all this Hardware
here just for mounting it and and making
sure that it's braced properly so we
should be good
should should be good I I'm going to put
the RAM in before if it makes you guys
more comfortable I will just put the RAM
in now that makes you guys more
comfortable everywhere everyone is very
concerned that I'm gonna put the heat
sink in before the RAM and I was going
might be a bit panda has to get at the
RAM slots below sure but we were gonna
put the power supply in and so I was
like I will put the RAM in if that makes
everyone more comfortable didn't I
assure you that when I come on is it
that cooler was so very did you I might
have I think I remember having some
petty issue I got the fury HyperX that's
it um I couldn't I couldn't really tell
like if there was a huge like you know I
don't know I'm gonna say this cuz I
don't know any better but I think RAM
might be Ram and so once again all I did
was try to find the one with with good
reviews Oh get in there you Jiminy
Cricket prick get in there
Anonymous is Jack I'm Jack I fixed no
man's sky for you oh great just mix it
with dusters derelict solar systems are
fine then procedural spaceships and
planet bases are fine but the world is
unjust and this will never exist
you know did you did you hear about
everybody's getting a refund wait wait
what the steam steam has announced that
they are removing all limitations to
refunds for no man's sky you know you
usually if you buy a game through Steam
you get like an hour of play time and
then after you know you then you cannot
refund it but Steam said no matter how
many hours you can refund it that's very
interesting isn't it
isn't it just though I get you know I
played it on the ps4 and you bought it
through GOG right someone must have made
a really good case for fraud but why
else would they do that
that's very very possible interesting
GOG - GOG - oh there you go which is
where I got the no man's sky that RAM in
there the RAM is in now everybody we
don't have to worry about the RAM
anymore it is in it is locked in it is
everything's great everything's great
Ram good
it's great as good Ram is in there Ram
is in there could I get a good picture
we're gonna close up I gotta give you my
close-up already I see like there's
there and the HyperX there's not enough
colors your PC it all just looks the
same it all looks like black shit Jack
there it is there's a classic shit
there's a good picture of the RAM in
there where's the fancy blue Ram Jack
it's great Jack it's great it's gonna be
fine it's gonna be one heck of a sexy PC
your noble kinsman sense loving they say
nothing that say don't read this okay
I'm now taking off the top of my case
here this screwdriver works much much
better I can only assume like I know
they're still on Steam no man's sky is
still using like III trailer footage on
their steam page and so perhaps someone
at steam okay no idea what's going on
just send us send us an email or
something Mac Mac nonnamous says is Jack
replacing his new motherboard thank you
because if you keep touching the
motherboard like that you will have to
make sure to only touch the edges
without connectors okay I will
I will make sure promise aim screw but
you put your picture screws in order as
you take them off that's what they
always say like right now we're at the -
we're at the border of two warring
factions I could get involved like a pic
sides take that off
boom see if I really have a cooling
problem I'll just open it up like this
right and then all the air flows in
there get a big box fan put it in a
cooler okay so what do you want me to
put it now
now if I were putting in an optical
drive and put that and it might want to
or my hard drive where does it weight my
hard drive goes up in the day wait what
Matan whoo
the blue button says you just read you
just read yeah I've written a malevolent
AI which I'm pretty sure committed which
I pretty sure I can manipulate into
doing my bidding if you have an AMD
video card I can send it to you if you
want
all right where that all fucked up as I
can't read right mmm some bad reading
should I do that again it's better and
cleaner I don't I don't the jobs already
lost it's been joked if it's been joked
then don't fuckin I just have to
apologize for being a fuckup yeah I
don't really understand what's happening
so there was a joke apparently there was
a joke look at this tiny tiny solid
state hard drive it's adorable
anonymous azar jokes about things being
replaced replacing other non stale names
such as it's so dense
yep alright Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says let's technically a LS TM RNN in
Karras with Cu da backend you trained it
on a simple text and it learns to
generate new texts like the input I have
a version trained to generate fake Bible
clothes Oh send it to us we'll take a
look at it Oh what makes things it sound
like people wouldn't stuff oh yeah it's
not that bad being held they make jokes
I need jokes me food oh I've used all
the jokes okay here's my power supply
he's the Silverstone
stridor gold s-series fuck this thing is
heavy you know what I'm not I'm just
super unhappy jet still cannot melt our
LM Eames boom my work area right now Dan
use famous speed will said that vein
they need proper credit said red Viking
her red bike qinger supposed to give me
the proper credit
uh yeah anonymous says Jack I'm Jack the
cooler you bought is a big waste of
money and effort oh it's going to be
harder to install everything else in
that case and the benefits will be
approaching zero oh great
a minor reduction in noise oh well you
know what I'll take a minor reduction in
noise that's fine
don't thank that say sure is your your
motherboard is now mounted my
motherboard is mounted what's wrong
so now I oh fuck now I got a power
supply to deal with look at all those
cables that's fun that's oh oh my oh my
stars and garters look at this thing oh
my beauty oh my god i lordy this is fun
you think this is fun building a PC yeah
just in general understanding how
technology will lose your heart rate
monitor would stop wailing on it like
super flipping out it's it's you know
the other problem is I'm uh I'm like
moving my toe this could be an issue
monkey bead 5 says hi her lack in charge
ah have either of you seen the AMC show
halt and catch fire set in 1983 a
dramatization about the PC boom it's not
amazing like Mad Men but I think it's
neat they build a PC - ah I had it
backwards oh that's super easy you screw
that in
is close to that yes okay they I believe
they're all press but thank you for
double-checking because actually this
one was loose and I was like oh that's
weird that it's loose and it wasn't on
the right one so also are there pins for
USB ports this is here's the USB okay
that was actually nice and easy that was
just an easy plug first couple of cases
I built the head USB those were all like
like the power ones or a separate little
pins that sucks so yeah those are the
front USB cables the back ones obviously
are soldered into the motherboard so
that won't be a big deal great so so
like like I said I've never had like a
TSA like DSA has never detained me they
have what I used to travel with my
Indian friend they would detain him
quite often but we took a couple trips
together
Veon me and my old friend of didya and
and every time I went to the airport
with him he got randomly selected for a
screening every single time I'm not
exaggerating but I've never been
detained I've had a good pat-down a
bunch and they do not like it when you
ask for the when you ask for the opt-out
pat down because that's time out of
their day yeah yeah do the whole thing I
gave you this feel I'm gonna I'm gonna
raise my hand up now like fun to do what
you gotta do right but I don't want them
to take a picture of my body in that
scanning machine so I so far I have not
had a picture of my body in the scanning
machine
so if you're looking for a picture of
Jack from the scanning machine not gonna
find it not gonna find it not gonna find
out I'm gonna find it old handsaw says
you guys seen the trailer for animated
Batman return to the Cape Crusaders
starring Adam West Burt Ward and Julie
Newmar I have looks wonderful II can't
be I have not seen it but Karen would
love it it does look wonderfully campy
it also looks like the exact same really
shitty animation style from The Killing
Joke their goal with something look like
that and that's something that looks
like the opening credits no no it's not
no I'm sorry not animation style um that
style sorry I spoke incorrectly it's not
the same visual style but it looks like
it is 12 frames a second through the
style they're going through for though
like they can't be old Batman that might
work that might not be that distress
it's just an animation thing and it
looks awful but but you know what it
seemed like it was fun they made a
jaywalking joke no shit they all are
fucking old now man they're old people
welcome to life welcome to life where if
you're lucky you get to be old that's
how it works that's exactly how it works
if you're lucky you get to be old okay
so that goes there and then this goes
there great the blue boy says also uh
that's not correct the blue blazes also
I would like to thank the blue button
for nearly giving me a heart attack
every time they tipped and having me
think someone got into my twitch and
PayPal accounts I can understand that
the blue button the blue blaze and the
blue button oh very similar that Jesus
Christmas says he's my graphics card
gonna fit in here with all these cables
if you're going to play Deus Ex make
sure to install GM DX and also we find
the controls to a my
scheme don't install don't install
revision GM DX is vanilla plus revision
tries to be a pseudo remake here's my
question is human revolution is that a
remake of the original deus ex or is it
kind of a sequel what's what's the deal
remake or sequel human evolution yeah
the one that came out a few years ago no
I thought that was the new one what was
I thinking about mankind something is
new one I don't know see that's how much
I know
first when rich first we're gonna have
to figure out what these things are
called before we play them it's a
prequel okay that gets power do you get
power do you need power
this time it's lupus sense so instead of
having a picture taken of you that
doesn't show much at all
you'd rather opt into being molested by
a TSA agent makes sense I'll remember
that in November when I take a flight to
Florida you don't know you don't know
what they do with those pictures they
they have some TSA agents have been
caught trading those pictures yeah like
the pictures that and then yeah it
doesn't show your junk or anything right
so people are just the ones that are
really weird I don't know the specifics
but they have been caught like which is
a higher trade value probably Boutwell
probably like the really weird ones like
morbidly obese do you like this one yeah
I don't I don't want any of it I don't
like it so yeah it rather inconvenience
them like fine fine Dickon what the fuck
is this
look at that what is that even I don't
know that's parkour for what four things
right relax you'll figure it out you'll
figure it out you'll you'll probably
need that I'll probably need that though
one goes into the power supply and the
other ones go into like your hard drives
right right right which you only have
the solid state yeah then all you have
them right right it's just a lot more
than you're going to need yeah I see
that
I've noticed that great you Jiminy
Cricket pretty girl the gook says I'm
still playing stellaris and recommend
you try it sometime but did you see the
new Master of Orion came out this week
voice acting includes Mark Hamill
Michael Dorn and Robert Englund yeah I
asked the notes it's got real time
battles which yeah that's not what I
want my Master of Orion goddamn it I've
been waiting for a 4x game to have
turn-based combat probably since Master
of Orion to enemy real-time fuck off
I want to control my ships I don't want
some AI to do it while I kind of give it
some slight direction on what to do also
got starlings which starlings all right
master Lauren yeah yeah you understand
the basic premise where you kind of
expand your empire throughout the galaxy
you start at one star then you explore
the Stars next you wouldn't even set up
colonies sure okay I'm with you you can
go to any star you want as long as you
got the range to get there okay Star
Lanes means you can only go on these
preset routes through the stars so if
there's like a star right next to you
but there's not a fucking star laying
there you can't go to it okay that sucks
why do i why do you hate real-time so
much rich because I like taking my time
think about my next move
hmm I can't stand the hurry up do you
next think I'll gap neither the
twitchiness a real tight I can't stand
hmm it takes some other strategy out of
it you read the graphics card now I have
the graphic well show and explain well
you were finishing up your time I know
I'm sorry I'm pulling out the graphics
card yeah
because I think very soon it's going to
become very important that I know
exactly how shit is fitting in here so I
got I got the the gtx 170 geforce gtx
1070 not 170 I'm sure the 170 is very
not not very powerful at all but the gtx
1070 which again all of this
theoretically should fit in but as I'm
looking at it I'm just becoming less and
less sure about that
Jeff Chen if you think FTL has starlings
I don't think you quite understand what
starlings are Oh FTL has lines but the
lines go to every star that's in your
range whatever that is
right right
that would be Star Lanes is like saying
an FTL even though this this one star is
really close to you you can't go there
you can't go there unless you whine
unless you take the path around this you
to get there right yes thank you
come on outbox oh yeah what this thing I
might I have also like you know I know I
was destined a little bit and I'm back
alive now also I have this heart monitor
hooked up to my toe
yeah and I have this thing strapped to
my wrist I'm not feeling and I'm not
feeling good you know or it's just like
I have things attached to me
in theory Jack yeah you can take the
wrist thing off if you always make sure
to be touching part of the case right
right I would much no I like having it
on as a precaution but I'm just I just
want people to know that it's like it's
I also have a thing hooked up to my toe
the moment oh that's nice you know what
I like I like I like oh oh we look you
get a little oh that's nice you get a
little folder rich you get a folder mmm
that's nice I enjoy quality packaging
that is yeah I'm there's no way this is
not put thermal paste yet on this there
is no way this is he's not put his fan
on you how can you tell me that was
gonna fit in which you should probably
put on the fan next oh you know like a
lot of this like I said is just me I'm
pretty sure you should do the fan next a
lot of this is just me visualizing how
the hell everything is gonna fit in
because right now I can I there's no way
this graphics card is fitting in here
you know how are you how are you even
how are you even fitting in here
it's very very likely that it's very
very likely that I'm gonna have to
rethink this whole CPU cooler
I thought you grabbed the card is that
gonna fit that's what I'm saying I am
skeptical
according to PC part picker which tells
you if things won't fit in the case
according to them it fits and according
to the specifications on the case the
case says you can't go over you can't go
over it needs to be under 11 inches
did you processor come with a fan no it
did not come with a fan my motherboard
your processor no no they usually do it
would be much smaller if it did no it
just came in this box tiny tiny tiny
icebox the fan wouldn't be nearly as big
but I go I know I know I don't believe
it did okay we're gonna see it'll fit
check it I mean it might fit well and
like I said that's why I'm busting this
out now is I'm not gonna install it yet
I just want to see if everything will
fake fit processors don't come with
coolers anymore well that's fucked up
look at this thing that's great
okay so oh okay so that like plugs in
there do I need I take both of those
things off no room for expansion in that
fucker nope not even not even a little
bit rich oh this is insane this is
insane
rich alright this is insane
telegin says you gotta come off rich and
Jack hi I'm Jack what will you do if
Cameron Mitchell soap and sold possesses
Jack's computer apart from being a
better coast Busters reboot I'm also
that's a separate sentence art from
being a better Ghostbusters reboot
I guess Cameron Mitchell's soul does
that say the computer Oh would be a
better Ghostbusters reboot sure I would
just be awesome can we ask you questions
can we have it asked ha ha ha
yeah can we talk to it it aloud do we
have to give the computer booze do we
have to pour alcohol on the processor oh
that's nice
also what do you think of the Dan Brown
film AB debt edit what do you think of
the Dan Brown film adaptations what are
the dan brown film adaptation did the
Vinci Code oh I've never seen anything
was that okay kiddo yeah they let you
down
they like them I never read any of the
books I remember when The DaVinci Code
was becoming really popular and I never
read any of the books my wife is a much
more avid reader than I am and she
started to read it and just rolled her
eyes so hard they detached it fell off
that's how dumb it was I've seen
national treasure yeah so so so we had
no interest in seeing the the movie
because she told me the books were
terrible hyperactive slob says Deus Ex 1
second one is bad but Deus Ex what is
great but it's age might put you guys
off
no I'm familiar with it well the new and
we're talking about playing the new Deus
Ex
I don't mind the older we shit human
revolutions in revolution is a great
continuation and you don't need to play
the first one it's like a more stealthy
Mass Effect
no fitting
which if you're playing a single-player
realtime strategy that you can pause or
slow down and make your choices at your
own pace
then how is that different from a
turn-based game you set up the turn
length because it's usually
micromanagement because the game's not
really designed for that kind of play in
mind I think I've tried that with
homeworld and it just did not feel
satisfied
I'm not installing this yet I'm just
like I said I'm just seeing if this will
physically fit in turn turn-based games
do not play like real-time games do you
take a turn then the other person takes
a turn there's separate things that
happen how's that how's that working out
it's gonna fit I can't believe it it's
gonna fit this thing is actually going
to explode this thing is gonna blow up
this is fucked oh this is great
I hope that thing isn't a ventilation
problems oh I have so many sums he's got
problems he's a good day
like this look at how tight this is
gonna be he's gonna forget to turn his
computer off one night it's gonna be
glowing red Wow this computer is gonna
be glowing red gee sweet Jesus this is
insanity right here look at my mean that
just barely fits but it just barely fits
in there Thanks gotta be so heavy the
droop on that has to be amazing the
droop heavy video cards can actually
like lean down a bit
oh sure well you know I'm sure like some
of these screws that are left over are
just for propping it up okay just a
cover it's fine come on out of here
Bemis this is great it fit it fit how
are you supposed to be held up you
should probably do the fan nexor you're
gonna probably have a headache at that
fan in them right you've probably fucked
oh you know you're fuckin either well
I'm fucked it always rich always from
Sunday the name of the heart motto is
can you raise right I'm just kind of the
box oh yeah and it comes with it's a USB
heart monitor and it comes with software
to visualize made by contech pulse
oximeter CMS 50 d plus contact pulse
oximeter CMS 50 d +
Oh Jack you are fucked according to the
chat I it's very possible it's very very
possible that's where this gets fun
though that's where this turns into a
build the heart rates rising yeah I
think you're right Oh bother
mmm that cooler needs to go in after the
PSU and all of the cables including the
HDD it's gonna block everything
otherwise oh yeah this is gonna be
putting on the cooler at last that's
that's madness that's madness
here's a question you think up like this
or down like this is that there's
actually an official way it goes and you
better double-check my for father of one
of course is this a case for ants
yes he's buying are you drying a tiny
case yeah but he's buying jumbo parts
apparently
now I see everything's gonna be fine
things gonna be fine maybe actually no
it doesn't fit already see regions wait
oh no it does no all right kind of fits
it kind of fits already how about that
oh it must be like this this fits
perfectly I can't wait to see what this
looks like when everything is shoved in
there if I can't wait to see how this
fucking disaster turns out if it goes if
it goes vents side up it's gonna fit
perfectly if it go spin side down less
perfectly the airflow was gonna be
really messed up probably shit no shit
fortunately he is not overclocking oh
god no he never can it never can never
Sarah chances it's okay my card was way
fat and barely fit in mine too but it
works out plugging the power into it
might be a bitch though also that a
heart monitor is
zombie video games zombies zombies
zombie what Oh like I think they wanted
to do a dead rising no death run oh sure
sure yeah yeah how are you good I
haven't I haven't pulled off a Dead
Rising 2 run yet I got a gun I gotta get
on routing that I saw I started robbing
it uh-huh
to find your efficient way through and I
never finished day twos gonna be a bitch
there are three survivors I know death
run or a perfect run I would try to try
for the perfect you're gonna shoot no
deaf anyway no a no death run and dead
rising is easy you just stay in the safe
room for the full length of the game oh
but if you're trying to save everybody
in Dead Rising 2 I think it's day 2
there's like three or four survivors
that are playing poker and they don't go
with you unless you beat them in poker
yes that fuck them that's great and so
you would have to beat them quickly
right which I know there's there's books
you can find that increase your gambling
look there's still more luck that I'm
comfortable with that aspect of the game
and that would be that would be great
with a heart monitor oh yeah oh yeah
that's why I like that's why we're
because one of the reasons I wanted to
buy it too I figured I'd use it for
something like that so that's why we
were comfortable with the investment of
the heart monitor it's just it's just
silly look at it look at it that's
that's my toe like I can go bump bump
yeah and then so like that's my it also
just registers my toe moving button 91
I'm starting to stress because I have to
figure out how to plug in my graphics
kit so my plan is I'm gonna plug in all
the stuff I need to on my power supply
which is my hard drive my motherboard
and my graphics card okay yeah then your
hard drive in then yeah then install the
power supply okay
then install or then put in my hard
drive then put in my graphics card and
end with the heatsink I think I need to
end with the heatsink or else there's no
way to get the graphics card in okay
that's my plan I don't know if it's
gonna work but I think that's what I
need to do so I need to find the right
okay you'd find the right cables for my
graphics card which I believe is he
doesn't have an honest Toby's got it on
the the toe next to his big toe what
does that go the index time the index
toe what do you call that toe I have it
on my index toe it's it's too it's too
small to fit on my big toe yeah spooky
Dookie says Jack I'm Jack small
form-factor cases are always a tight fit
mm-hmm I would be more worried that you
can fit the fan over the RAM than the
video card the fan goes over the RAM for
sure look every other RAM in yes Oh
spooky Dookie spooky Dookie dookie
dookie so spooky what that's what they
said oh he said yes it's spooky Dookie
spooky Dookie do Kili so spooky I think
Jack is too he sees he's I can't enjoy I
can't enjoy things right now because
this is looking at things bookie Dookie
you know usually I
enjoy your name and I laugh at your name
and yeah unfortunately I really need to
you left from his name not at his name
let's let's let's be it's being this
being this let's say that writer that's
just rude Jack that's just rude
unless you are laughing at spooky Dookie
like at oh I saw your just in sure I'm
with you I'm with you I laugh because I
find your name to be funny just this guy
you know says rich I didn't offer Jack
my old gaming PC's including a mid tower
case you did but he was pretty confident
you guys didn't need it do you work
Aaron what it also did you get the
snacks Vera is right now if you said
there was recently I want to get the
mail last night but it was too late the
office part was closed and we do have a
package that was too big for a peel box
so it might be there right now unit six
or three idiot says and to think you
could just play old adventure games no
need for a fancy computer for that LOL
fuck my cock Anonymous's watching you
panicking and finishing around with all
this hardware makes me want to give you
a hug here's five dollars for buying a
small form-factor case for a first build
you crazy sod second that second that
fine
ice bone badgers is jack for the love of
Jebus crisp you do not need that CPU
cooler unless you are overclocking
return it an order of stock Intel CPU
cooler lol fuck my Negative Nancy cock
rich got me all freaked out about
cooling in that small case I was worried
about the small case and so I got I got
a I got a big ass CPU cooler because
rich got me all freaked out I definitely
this is wrong what I've done here is
wrong a pair
it is nice it's just oh my god oh my god
it's gonna yeah there's gonna be a lot
of shit there's gonna be a lot of shit
in here Brian I'm trying to figure out
how to power this thing now did you want
me to help trying to figure out which
wire you know do you need help
sure I'm trying to figure out which
cable cuz it comes with all these many
fucking cables and it looks like none of
them fit this one it's gonna have two
different ones it's gonna be so these
are what came with the graphics card but
I don't I only have three left because
one of these goes with the Santa you
know the other course this is that's
another hard drive one so that's not it
that's not it
this might be it actually it might be
these two blue ones this is so short as
the issue huh
this is this is like right but this is
free well not quite right what these
look like they might fit if you put them
together it's those that would make
sense cuz I have two of these you like
to snap into oh yeah they snap together
but why are there two of them look that
weird
where's my my yeah I had somewhere
around here ah here's my manual for for
my power supply manual manual for the
power supply how can you do that yeah oh
I see that'll make it nice and easy okay
great
if that's how we can do it then that one
goes in okay easy peasy
great great cool
great great figured it out everybody
it's like fancy Legos it's like fancy
Legos okay you go in there you go in
there you must connect the magnetron to
the Power Core
oh did I forget the magnetron I just
know when you're done you have to you
have to shove this in the Megatron's
chest and then he explodes is that how
it works I'm not emotionally prepared to
shove this into Megatron's chest I need
to let you know that
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says yes
you're not you are not Bible guys but
have you read Ezekiel it's hysterical
I've read I've read some of the Bible
I'm a good portion of that thing
three-headed muttering three-headed
muttering three-headed mouthing three
Buster's flying gemstone gyrocopters God
has fire four legs men with horse cocks
men waiting everywhere and dancing
skeletons ooh
so how's that relate to revelations
what's the C key oh I don't know these
things that's been a while man I do I do
listen to the Bible reloaded which is
kind of an atheist Bible study is just
just for the sake of yo what's in the
Bible
yeah that's interesting just for shits
and giggles I don't think they've done
zekiel or if they have I forgotten about
it
so I think I would have remembered some
of that it's pretty freaky man they're
still on the Old Testament was it cold
the Bible were loaded my podcast yeah oh
man well I got YouTube video but
functions like a podcast oh okay okay
actually they're currently suing
somebody for a DMCA claim for a fake
DMCA oh yeah yeah yeah wait someone gave
them a fake team they were viewing
Christian movies and the people who did
God's not dead uh-huh like repeatedly
tried to take down their videos Oh even
ones that didn't even have like still
images from race and and that's that's
an interesting thing that's going on
that's funny great great yeah it's like
a podcast with a slideshow oh okay I'm
which yeah
great previously recorded live says I
mean I mean that's that's austere Shia
smiles as previously recorded live that
is yes you should put that piece you put
some power supply yeah the other way
around for airflow it doesn't go the
other way around
oh I suppose I could well what's going
on for airflow what do is it wrong
uh it doesn't have to be I'm not dead I
like turned upside down the other way
around like woop uh maybe
oh wait upside down I definitely can't
do it I don't think no you wouldn't want
those cores coming out the back yeah I
can't do upside down I could turn the if
I unscrew these things I could turn the
whole thing to have the fan facing that
way but then the fan would be facing the
heatsink no yeah well cuz you won't blow
through the sink and then out the other
side oh yeah yeah that makes sense that
makes an amount of sense that makes an
amount of sense to me sure I know no
matter where you put the PSU fan it's
not a good place I know I'm dying but
it'll it'll write itself
I would definitely turn that fan so it
goes into the case but sure why not I
have no strong feelings about the fan so
ya know one fan blowing into another all
blowing out that that makes him amount
of sense that makes sense to rich so it
makes sense to me alright hold it give
me one moment here that I need to I need
to unscrew many things I need to unscrew
many many things which is fine if
anybody in the chat thinks it's a bad
idea say so now I wouldn't move it says
uh a Michelle okay let's hear what's
your reasoning what's your reasoning a
Michelle you don't want to blow hot air
on the CPU cooler
okay that's I think that's a fair reason
okay bad idea okay so airflow vs. hot
air going through the heatsink it's a
battle the battle is on that's kind of
the battle hold on and you know what
you're right
I bet it says something in the manual
check it out hold on I'm gonna re screw
it back in so it's Sears here's the
thing yeah with most cases that fans
like going out the bottom of the case
right alright
other people saying one direction
airflow is all that matters just just
buy him pre-built computer and avoid all
this noise once you're once you've done
this you have such a sense of
satisfaction and that was love that you
love you will love this computer once
you have built your computer Jack it's a
great feeling I love it
while you're reading that none of us us
yeah who are some of the longest viewers
prereq that are not subs you think I
keep track of everybody and who subbed
and who's not subbed we don't we know
the people when we see the amount of
time when the number comes up at the end
yeah that's about it I don't have
recollection and how long they've have
been some door not some door there's
people who you know aren't sub now but
were subbed in the past and you know
give us money or doughnuts we're not
we're not holding anybody up yeah yeah
you do you mean is there more things I
need to cook up to the motherboard with
you
anonymous is hey guys I always wondered
if anyone at Harlem is familiar with the
films of Godfrey ho you probably get
tons of suggestions but they really
would be perfect for you guys Godfrey ho
I don't know names I might be familiar
with his work I might not be but I'm
typically bad with names sure it's
familiar but I couldn't tell you what
he's done Jack do you know Godfrey huh
nope okay see the guy that did low blow
who's low blow he's low blow I know low
blow that's all I needs to be low blow
is low blow
am I missing something possibly P of n
it's the CPU fan that's fine fucking
nonces this little piggy went to market
this little piggy stayed home this
little piggy had roast beef this little
piggy had none and this little piggy
went wee-wee-wee I'm monitoring Jack's
heart approved that Commons has been
approved okay okay okay
what and madam says Jack yes don't throw
away your Xbox one okay you will need it
to play quantum break to shut up shut up
whoever said that shut the fuck up I
mean I am in no mood for quantum break
to accept the phone I'm sorry
go on that's fine okay proof of that
okay you know every idiot says yeah also
Jake you would have a hole easier time
if you put this all in an eighty full
Tower 386 case of course and that would
impress your clients you can also then
customize it any way you want it's it's
it's about what I wanted to look like
this last tiny case let the my name is
tiny case one tiny case I have a tiny
case and it's a gorgeous case and it's
gonna be it's gonna be great
it's you know what it's gonna be a
harder built I I started off on a harder
difficulty level this is true this is
true my first one was you know my first
PC was actually ah it was one that I had
like a motherboard that had just about
everything integrated the processor and
the video card raw it was a piece of
crap a utter piece of crap but I did
start easy uh-huh
I'm not dead I nearly lost it with the
pins though like oh god I cut off more
than I could chew or these pins
oh those pin that pin situation was
fucked I'll tell you what because it was
a cheap motherboard and integrating
everything integrated motherboard junior
and bad documentation brine mill says
thank you what do you think would make
for a successful Star Trek TV revival
what would be your checklist for
potential series keeping in mind where
Star Trek has been enticing new fans etc
Wow this makes Star Trek arrow we you
know what what do we have right now what
what TV show do we have where people are
flying through outer space and meeting
aliens no this is an honest question we
have none all you need is a show where
you fly on space and meet aliens people
love that shit right would you would you
have more realistic characters that
aren't kind of a comical idealized
people that were in my own TNG well it's
like the the I am Alive you fuckwit I'm
gonna take these heart monitor and
shoving up its own ass can can you can
you make a Star Trek show and have it
work with characters who are more human
the cartoonish nature of them is kind of
what makes the conflict in the show
possible
so you know no matter what you need
characters with motivation and that
means they're gonna be cartoonish but
wouldn't like prime directive debates
work a lot better when you know people
who could disagree with each other not
angry maybe
maybe I don't know that it would work
but it might be interesting to see sure
that's true are you on
yeah it's called Babylon 5 okay okay
that's right
I tried Babylon 5 and I could not get
past the pilot uh-huh
pilot bored me to tears yeah tired and
sad says yeah I watched Kevin Smith
review of Suicide Squad
he's so hyper now and comes off like a
manic drug addict who constantly talks
about how happy he really is and not
going through it an emotional crisis
he's just too so happy that he's not
going through an emotional crisis that
he loves every movie what is the
inevitable Kevin Smith suicide
they can't they can't hear the beeping
Kenny um I'm not sure I'm done with this
beeping I'm muting it I don't need this
area I don't need that muting in my life
right now
that's something I'm telling you Chan
hears in faintly okay well as long as
it's faintly okay I'm muted it that's a
it's a fine thing there really with the
stress level that's probably a good
thing but you're dead again dammit I
wish that worked better
well it's on my toe and you know I gotta
move my leg every once in a while or
else I'm gonna lose a circulation and I
think that's the real problem is I'm
losing circulation because I'm trying to
keep my foot still because I don't want
I don't want to like bump this thing's
fuck alright
so much extra key I Benzes double zero
since remember how I said you inspired
me to get a refund on no man's lie
nah huh I put in the refund request and
the internet was right
steam valve are being awesome here's $2
as and thanks lol fuck my cock oh great
why we get out glad we could help
that's great
you know as long as you're happy then
I'm happy I don't know if you guys can
see this this giant mess of cables
that's in here and we still need to get
in a graphics card and the giant heat
thing zero for well do you have like a
space to hide cords in that's what I'm
looking for and I put mine like around
the back and I made it all look now
ready yeah and I'm thinking like I have
this is all free space here like all on
this side so that's what I'm that's what
I'm trying to mentally figure out is how
to get all of my cables kind of over
there you know twist ties yeah yeah a
bunch of twist ties and I do stuff like
that velcro stuff cable management jack
that's that's what I'm getting into
right at this exact moment rich Central
Provinces I can't wait for the thermal
paste antics yeah turtle Eliza's
switched over to metal slash progressive
rock you poured bastards metal tombs and
pig destroyer progressive rock Isis the
band but they've broke up before the
whole terrorist thing oceanic is awesome
yeah okay that's comment yeah you know
like I don't have much thought on
progressive rock yeah I mean either I
guess
metal is fine great you know metals
great metal is fucking awesome
that's metal heavy metal is metal
it's metal you don't say it like that
they say like it's metal yeah Matt uh
let's say you say metal this is how do
it wrong that's how little I care about
metal I guess what the fuck I'm okay I'm
okay with metal oh you like your skull
or something
nobody likes cock no no Zak legs - Scott
v-system he's too cool for metal i you
know i think i think it's it's an a like
an aged yes sir what's that Skrillex
ship called dubstep I'm okay with
dubstep I think it's just like I think
it's an age thing where it's like I no
longer I no longer have the energy to be
like angry and want to lash out like
metal wants me to be so I just listen to
like girly pop and ambient music cuz cuz
I'm tired all the time because I'm an
old man now you know when I was in high
school when everyone listened to ska I'm
an old man and I still like the head
bang okay oh yeah yeah I mean good for
you I probably I'm cool I probably can't
head bang I'm probably get a headache
I still like music from on the blue
button says boo but he needs to lift the
SATA ports so they take you say it like
said or do you say SATA I said SATA you
say said um I said Sarah
head-banging is such a bad idea in your
forties yeah yeah no you know to give
you an idea like right now the the most
recent album I bought I just recently
bought two albums and it's like it's
female fronted indie rock tau and the
get down stay down if you've heard of
them I have that's the name of the band
tau eh eh oh and the get down stay down
and it's just kind of like am bleah
indie rock with a female singer and then
a band called mothers which is imagine
like a bluegrass country singer in front
of garage rock band and it's it's it's
just soft and so like that's the kind of
music but like before that you know I
bought Aesop Rock and and others shit so
I'm all over the place but metal I just
I haven't I don't have the energy for
middle anymore
don't you like doom doom doom is pure
heavy metal Jack doom is pure
abnormality right am I gonna put on rip
shit can this go under my graphics maybe
Jiminy Cricket prick bastards this I
have a theory why China loves
Transformers movies watching pieces of
metal sliding around for hours while
wanting to kill themselves helps train
their children for the workplace
Guu 57 is rich would you rather play a
vampire JRPG with cook time events or a
farming simulator well I like harvest
moon and star to valley so I'm all into
the farm simulator yeah over vampire
JRPG you say you probably wouldn't like
a vampire Jay every day is that one
either wouldn't like that with an RPG
with QuickTime events it's not like a
fan okay that's good to know
see these are the things we need to know
about rich Evans day for Jackson elected
here's some money towards Jack's beard
you want to talk about the beard go
ahead here's what we got so far
rich riches said that he is he is
shaving on the decision and so I have
started I've started it this is where
it's at right now we got do we got this
much stubble I haven't shaved yet you
know to trim it all up but yeah I'm
going beard riches getting rid of his
it's gonna be it's gonna be freaky but
would you like a vampire JRPG without
QuickTime events I would not like one in
a car I would not like one in a bar I
would not like one out of train I would
not like one on a plane I do not like
vampire JP are jrpgs and ham I do not
like vampire - vampire JRPGs sam-i-am
why no beard rich because I kinda look
like a homeless man I've given it a shot
look it looks great your beard looks
great on you it looks great or it looks
horrible
well you got to maintain it
Wow that's always gotten that's always
got folks yeah oh I cannot put this
under but it's supposed to go under that
fire JRPGs RM says honey snuggle our ham
our ham it's Rachel okay you in a whole
different place man says rich you should
really give Babylon 5 another chance
sure pilot much of the first season suck
but really same is true for Star Trek
TNG and that's no reason not to watch it
ok yeah that's fair point it's fair
point I tried a couple times to get past
that first episode yeah and I'm like
when my solid state sending up soft
promises can I get that 90s whoa from
rich like in the latest best of the
worst no you can't oh snap
Reata cool
good
I'm just not liking how my solid state
is uh is according to the case designs
the solid state is supposed to just lay
on the bottom of the case the solid
states supposed to go on the bottom of
the case that's what that's what the
case says there's no screws for you just
you mean just lies there well that can't
be right
is that where it's supposed to go
interesting
hold on rich pause for solid state
installation
I could mount it on the bottom below my
gaze oh I could but then I'd have
lighters outside of my case and I don't
want wires outside of my case what what
it what there's a tiny speaker yep
how am I just seeing this tiny speaker
right now turtle the wise rich right on
man if you can it's hard could you name
your three favorite metal bands if I can
make one recommendation a band called
barracks great stuff good luck gents but
my brain doesn't typically work in terms
of bands I my brain works and that's a
song I heard and like what's the Judas
Priest song with AI the electric I the
Helion it's pretty cool
I'm John blinks I'm fucking named Black
Sabbath
what's that one children to the grave
it's pretty fucking cool yeah
Metallica as much as their assholes it's
some fine music I guess it's more hard
rock a CD C's that's like awesome it's
hard Brad it's not metal that's old man
music rich well I'm an old fucking man
deal with it have you have you learned
nothing from everything we say every
time we're here we are old men
Led Zeppelin's not metal you can't fool
me they're not metal bridge they're
trying to make a fool of yes Motorhead
are cool
everybody likes Motorhead that's it
that's a universal constant right there
ridge but I'm just I'm just not fluent
in bands I I can think of songs I like
and I can never tell you who did it
hmm siren said says what recent movie
have you not liked or care for when it
came out but I've reconsidered it and
now like it I don't think that happens
very often no that does not happen very
often rich it's happened with a game
yeah like first time I played Jedi
Knight - I didn't I didn't much care for
it I played it again though years later
well your time later and I liked it a
lot better I like a lot actually on a
second playthrough Wow okay I recently
rewatched Iron Man - yeah we're taking
the kids through the Marvel Cinematic
Universe because they're now old enough
and they've been exposed to some custom
now as people know fuck and so it's like
all right we can now you know and they
like superhero so well fuck I will watch
some superhero movies right yeah and so
we're taking them through the cinematic
universe and we re watched we got to
Iron Man 2 which give you an idea of how
far we are not very far and Iron Man 2
is a much better movie than I remember
it I don't remember hating it I remember
a lot didn't shit on it well you know I
think for a lot of people it's slow
and it is it's a slow movie and it's a
lot of character stuff and there's not
like a lot of action sequences where I
think there's only two action sequences
in the whole movie but it's like a
really good character movie as far as
Tony Stark is concerned but watching it
it's one of those situations like
remember when we talked about civil war
one of the things I said is his comic
book movies are starting to take the bad
traits of comic books yeah and one of
those things is different writers mean
different characters and the main crux
of the plot an Iron Man 2 is Tony Stark
is trying to keep the government from
controlling what he does as Iron Man and
in civil war he's okay with the
government controlling what he does as a
hired man well to be fair I think that
set up as a change in his character do
you Ultron yeah yeah yeah there's
there's growth yeah it's it's it's it's
a character growth not a not a lot
different writers different that bad
character not a matter of not being
written out of character that's
character growth it was just it was very
stark watching that no pun intended
and just and just like how he fought
against the government controlling Iron
Man it's like well that's all you
fucking care about in Civil War
you're gonna melt your pit your your
solid-state drive under that video card
it's got a fucking melt I am Jack I am
not kidding this is where it's supposed
to that solid-state drive is made out of
plastic this is where it's supposed it's
gonna melt I'm putting it where it's
supposed I guess I could put it over
here I could put it like a little
further away this is where they want to
write could you find an adapter of some
sort and put it in this in one of the
bays were you like CD Drive was supposed
to go put it anywhere I want I suppose
because I'm building this uh-huh
pause why is this at worst a small cuz I
wanted a small Tower that's why I
motherfucker
say no the you know the manual tells you
but I don't think the manual for the
small case expecting you to put a giant
honking video card in there I don't
think they expected that you don't think
I don't think that's what this is
designed for you don't think no I don't
I don't
yeah we can move it around we can move
it around
originally I was thinking about putting
it kind of over here in this area cuz
there's nothing right here in this area
cuz there's nothing right here in this
area cuz there's nothing right here in
this area because there's
that's gonna be over there but it's just
there's just so many cables I don't need
that screwdriver at the moment there's
just so many tables Jesus Christ jack my
SSD goes onto the front plate what does
the front of that case look like oh yeah
I could go there too
cuz that looks like it's designed for a
bigger Drive yeah Biggers everything
good listen people listen here look it
says it goes on the fucking floor oh you
do everything you're told
I'm just saying one of the directions
said to walk off the bridge and
apparently this is the part of the thing
where I walk off the bridge the
directions said to walk right off that
bridge oh yeah yeah
this is fine everything is fine all the
time that's true I could put it up here
yeah it's fine then it's then the power
source is blowing right on it if we're
comfortable with that
where to go this time it's lupus lupus
I've received nothing but compliments on
my own beard which I think makes me look
like an Eastern European hobo but I hate
how it looks and feels and the only
reason I don't keep it shaved is
laziness I saw a lot of beer to start
like just pure laziness someone started
gobbledygook says Jack yeah that's what
faith did you buy up 2.5 to 3.5 mount
for your SSD and I think it's apparent
that he didn't Jack doesn't even know
what that is what I don't need one Texas
not know what that is
what no what is it what is it anonymous
says after watching the flick of reviews
and behind-the-scenes features I have a
theory about George Lucas and would like
your opinion do you think he might have
Asperger's Asperger's I think George
Lucas can afford to eat much better than
Asperger's I mean that man is having
lobster and steak burgers are for us
huddled masses that's a great joke rich
anonymous says double check the
motherboard back plate on the back of
the case look like one of the USB ports
may have been blocked by a metal tab one
moment
uno momento por favor the blue blaze
says welcome back blue blaze says as
someone with an N Z X th 440 case that
means nothing to me my PC looks like it
looks like it could eat jacks also you
guys should play antechamber so you have
a large case is what you're saying have
a large case and there's a link to it
anti chamber it's a puzzle game that
messes with your perspective hmm dragon
moody's is Jack now have you heard of
the indie band School of the Seven Bells
it's my favorite band and I think you'll
like them please give them a listen and
share your opinion on Steam is it is it
a is it female fronted garage a indie
rock cuz that's what I dig that's what
I'm digging on right now
well bells aren't spelled that way it's
it's a it's spelled like ringing bells
okay I'll get my listen seven bells
anonymous is just too soupy of the Seven
Bells I would recommend these bands rich
blood forests stab wind blasts of sulfur
first of all blood forest sounds awesome
doesn't sound as awesome skull forest
blood forest Alestorm ruins of thunder
and destructive
there's probably ones of thunder and
then the last one is destructive
oh by the way only one of those are real
I'm gonna guess stab wound
no not stabbed wind
oh I hope it's stab wound that's too
weird or something somebody came up with
stab
that's weird like just at the spur of
the moment you're coming up with joke
fan names I don't think you come up with
stab wounds that's like when you add
some sulfur that's you come up with that
as a joke a stab wound is like when you
have dice with like a random generating
metal names on it it's like stab wind
forceful Trident the leather-bound
cushion okay you know what
i mounted the SS FD up front here oh
that's gonna really help with the cable
management it's gonna really help
anybody good - oh wait Henry B's says
Henry beans jack if you like towel tha
oh yeah oh yeah you should check out
lady lamb maybe lamb lady who I am okay
madam says the hair on my head is
straightened blonde but the hair on my
face is curly and red do you have any
tips to help my beard not look like I
put pubes on my face don't grow a beard
you know you might be you might be
fucked for beard no if if you think your
beard looks bad
then don't grow a beard that's it that's
it the Scandinavian look but you know
what sometimes sometimes like you might
have a beard full right here and it
could work for you but you know no no no
what I'm saying it that way they don't
like to look at them yeah Ben then don't
cry you don't need it have you let him
really if you let it really grow in cuz
you might not know it till it grows in
if it's gonna look bad for him well and
you know like shaving over the years
it'll it'll sometimes it'll thicken up
so you know maybe maybe it's you're just
like five years too early for your beard
and in five years it's gonna be a
glorious day after five years of
constant shaving what is the shaving
matter what don't they say like shaving
it lying it's wives tales you think yeah
a 19-inch --nt man did did not shave
repeatedly oh no no it doesn't make it
thicker but I think shaving it like
changes like the angle
comes out or no I don't know you know
what I don't know your body just might
not be ready for you you're probably
just wait does that once your beard gets
long enough yeah my guess is wait tired
sad says have you seen the trailer for
the documentary the prequel strike back
guess what
it features Kevin Smith being positive
about them oh Jesus I don't care what a
bunch of idiots say the prequels are bad
I've watched them everyone knows a bunch
of idiots saying no oh good
that's not gonna fix the prequels that's
just putting your head in the fucking
sand I bet there's gonna be a whole
section well the originals weren't that
good did you saw that shit with
Ghostbuster Jules and they're good no
you're just a moron oh that's gonna help
so much that SSD right there that's
great that's great what brain wants to
believe the good so good so Star Wars
nano says
rich after you trick me into locking my
keys in my car my life took a turn for
the worse it's sort of a chain of events
that left me homeless I've spent my last
two dollars to say screw you
nice first of all nice turtle why this
is Jack I'm Jack - great all-girl garage
bands yeah deep creep bees in the
basement and the ghoul are great also
tacocat
okay that sounds that sounds great
I can be down with dr. cat put on a good
show good luck definitely check out deep
creep band camp for free sir oh I like
that I like free deep creep B's in the
basement the goal and target at TAC okay
where does this go but leave a road says
I've probably spammed this a hundred
times already
I'm sorry but isn't now the perfect time
to have rich react to the last bastion
it would be a really neat it would be
really neat to see what he thinks love
to the whole crew which is the last
bastion that's the that's the overwatch
animated short know about the robot you
know you won't care about the character
but the thing you might like is it's one
of those dialogue lists shorts yeah
which is always impressive you know yeah
understanding what a character is going
through without without the use of
dialogue it's a lot dialogue is very
impressive we got we got PCs the Builder
we got pcs to build I need Kentucky
donated $2 let you know that we're doing
great for your first build thanks crunky
pcmasterrace for life on it like I said
earlier I I started playing overwatch
with the controller again and now that
I'm teaching myself mouse and keyboard
it I have that moment that you all must
have watching me play with a controller
which is just how can anyone do this and
I feel sick I feel sick inside I'm
turning into one of you you asshole
are you gonna have regret now what
because you yeah it's hard going back
there you give like oh no I have ruined
myself for anything that comes out in a
council with aiming I just won't play it
I guess
yeah this is my motherboard uh anonymous
I'd answer that question I don't want to
risk being into politics right now
that's better yeah that's fair yeah we
don't need although I need to I need
answers yes I need to until I solve the
big manual consult I have this tiny I
have this tiny speaker look at this and
I feel like it's important to have this
in here right no it's not it's not it
does the beeps when you start it up and
what not is that important hey I don't
think so
there should be really easy to plug in
though once you find out where it goes
oh that's all I'm trying to figure out
it just says speaker on it
but none of these things you know I'm so
I'm looking here at the driver
components and none of these things say
speaker you know that's my that's my
issue at this exact moment recruit more
pimps for you because there is an album
called sub aether by deaf deaf heaven
that's literally a combination of
ambient and extreme metal when it comes
to Indy I recommend soul parade
yeah the beeps give you error codes if
your scream isn't working
yeah and you know that might be why
you've got problems anyway that speaker
goes in the garbage that's not that's
not an incorrect answer right I'm sure
listen I have it you can program some
sweet tunes in assembler with that
speaker well si si si the speaker just
sits off the motherboard it's just a
dumb beep speaker that used to be
hardwired to the board now it's optional
because fuck that thing don't you want
it to beep if there's a problem it's
just oh and by the way the this giant
manual just does not tell you where that
speaker goes that's kind of upsetting to
me because they come with the
motherboard or the case the speaker yeah
came with the motherboard and it doesn't
tell you what should be obvious there
should be 4 prongs I imagine it'll be
the only thing that fits on I see a
thing with four prongs that's new and if
the if the motherboard is like labeled
sharply there might be small parentheses
speaker
pause if you have a problem you don't
need a beam to tell you about it won't
know what the beep means anyway I mean
you guys are making really great points
you're making really great points yeah
Oh am i dead again yeah I'm dead again
check Mike Mike likes the rap I've never
been big into it and I can't speak for
Jack and the raps one do you like rap I
love rap okay I I really enjoy hip-hop
yeah I really enjoy the hip-hop yeah I
don't think there is nothing to plug
this into audio can i through serial
port connectors fan connectors chassis
intrusion connectors it comes with the
speaker but there is no place to plug
the speaker into I guess I'm just gonna
have to be okay with that
Mikus uses rap and like in in the
applicant reviews the the fuck at the
frickin outro is from looks like a
something-something beats I don't
remember the name Charlie Brown right
the Charlie Brown rap yep sorry talking
about lose a game doesn't it though big
you but the remix oh I don't know I
can't remember his name
oh well I think I think it's just
Charlie bro-beans actually is that it it
could be yeah I see what you mean by the
way froze for the person who commented
earlier about like a piece of metal in a
USB slot yeah I see them all on the back
did you get part of the i/o plate yeah
it's just gonna be a pain in the ass
that's gonna be a huge pain in the ass
gotta take care of it good thing good
thing you commented because now I can
take care of it before I get that giant
heatsink on
oopsy it's a portable PC he's building
that he doesn't intend to port anywhere
it's not a portable PC it's just a small
form PC see see what I'm talking about
not meant to be you see I don't see I'm
dealing with they're not meant to be see
do you see what we're dealing with
what do you did what what rich I'm gonna
have a great looking PC that may or may
not function caesarean part says hey
guys hey question for the both of you
okay if you both had to record solo
commentary tracks for any movie which
would you choose to talk about and why
good luck in your PC build thank you I
can't talk on my own I just don't do
that good yeah yeah as I take my solo
streams or just kind of quiet yeah
I don't know yeah it just has to be a
movie that I think I would generally
have a lot to say about so Iron Man 3 I
would love to do a commentary track on
an Iron Man 3 because it's a perfect
action movie that should be taught in
classes and I'd love to go through it
bit by bit and be like this is why this
is perfect
Iron Man 3 Iron Man 3 Chernobyl kinsmen
I'm a shadow saying play no man's sky
wrong a bit more so you have enough in
donations to buy a decent sized case
well we have a defender ouch
who must be awfully sore that now steam
is offering refunds to everybody who has
ever bought the game snap as is I have
heard Gog and I think PlayStation 4 2 or
think I don't really somebody in the
chat said that I don't know if that was
confirmed though maybe surprising yeah
rich come here I get it let me give me
an opinion on this what are you looking
for I'm gonna pick the speaker pins Jeff
dr. Jay is saying the PC speaker should
plug into pins near where you plugged in
all of the HDD lights and reset switch
all those there there's a four there's
four pins there that's not what I'm
looking at now I'm trying to fix the
metal thing that's here so see these low
like metal cookies yeah right here do
you think I should like widen down and
like have a grip around this thing you
know don't you can plug something in
there well that's up but this it's not
screwed up but oh did you unscrew the
motherboard yeah oh well cuz I wanted to
pull out yeah because yeah you're never
going to use this you're literally never
going to use it oh no I'm never gonna
use that but like this meadow it's see
like this metal things in here honestly
I just I just clipped mine out what like
I forgot what I used but I guess what
does Bend him back
yeah I you know what what I have no idea
how to use those properly on the i/o
shield yeah
those tabs always get in the way hmm I
never know what the fuck I'm doing with
them
and half the time I end up cutting some
of them out I'm just gonna just bend
those tabs in yeah bend them back
yeah what are they what is that even for
Anonymous's at the risk of boring
everyone else I'd like to hear what
taxes are like for ad-supported YouTube
/ twitch people I assume Mike hasn't set
up your 401k that taxes are always bad
they do good things but they're bad
there are always do good things they
have sometimes taxes doTERRA basically
everything sucks rich taxes have the
potential to do good things I think is
the most accurate thing you can say
about tax
mostly they don't they have the
potential mostly mostly they don't I
think that I'll get on get them out of
there taxes have the potential to do
good things
like taxes going to cancer research
that's it that's a good thing that's a
good thing
that's not where taxes go tax is going
like GE because I'm kind of wearing
corporate welfare shit that's so good
taxes going to the military potentially
good potentially bad I hope the
military's doing this year oh wait
before I give you this money let me just
ask you a question
what we're gonna do with it you know
that nobody would ever give to taxes if
they had the option to do that you can
buy some bottoms with it you can buy
some bottoms with it what you can do
with it
were you getting those bombs from all
right Greg our taxes basically paid for
Walmart to not pay its workers - it's
true
speaking the truth speaking the truth
rich remember won't Martin they used to
tell you like how to get food stamps
that was that was a memo that started
circulating with their because they
weren't paying their employees enough so
they're like well here's here's how you
can French you here's how to take care
of government assistance because we're
not paying you enough that's a real
thing a real thing okay I got rid of the
metal thing that was in the USB slot
whoever pointed that out to me thank you
you have saved me several headaches down
the road that would have been a super
pain once my heat sink was in that would
have been like it would have been
impossible they would have been
impossible to fix English courses
ahoy Jack ahoy nameless course they're
welcome I would also like to recommend
ill storm hailstorm they're a silly
metal band that sing about pirates and
are always a ton of fun life hmm
yeah ha fiddle-dee-dee etc just one etc
etc etc all you need is one just accept
all I need is one etc there
in what cases do you need the second etc
I guess how much you know the fiddly the
you know fiddle-dee-dee what can you say
after fiddle-dee-dee not much right mmm
the more etc is the more possibilities
you have after the thing you said you
know man I love cookies chocolate chip
oatmeal etc etc Anonymous's yep
are those custom Funko style bobbleheads
underneath the monitor in front of Jack
if so I assume a fan sent them does fan
art where did you on at all or do you
appreciate strangers drawing pics of you
I appreciate it when when somebody draws
pics of us now I gotta say with me it
usually isn't flattering but I get it
none of them are I get it for all of us
where it's none of their not for their
caricature it's heartwarming yeah that
were thought of absolutely yeah those
are fun things okay they're not
bobbleheads
oh there's me
this is what you do it is we do
screwing the mother for here this girl
my mother boy rich Evans is here that
same me all day folks we at this pace we
will be trying to remember like how long
it took you you were taking a time yeah
there's no need to rush it
oh I know I know
hardest part was the pins yeah no sucked
oh come on now this is sucking take my
money I want those yep we only got these
you can't have them these are the only
ones we got
I tuned out for a while screwing in the
mobo I thought he did that a long time
he had he had to redo part of what he'd
done I made I don't know if it was cut
if I want to call it a mistake but an
oversight a little metal piece from the
the plate that covers all the dead space
from the motherboard seemed to be like
in the USB slot which I can only assume
would cause all sorts of problems be
annoying you probably didn't need to
unscrew that but what no I did it was on
the it was on the inside poke a thing in
there Chernobyl kinsmen says I wasn't
defending no man's sky that game looks
like garbage there's joke you how many
except you got telling you how wrong oh
how many tips you guys telling you how
wrong you were playing it oh yeah okay
okay I wouldn't bother as if you did
like it or defending it either you say
there's a lot of defenders in the
YouTube yeah I'll tell you one but I get
what you're saying now I appreciate the
irony of tipping to clarify this maybe
we got it wrong scam it's all a scam
blur previously recorded live is a scam
the rich don't dump tell them that
they'll figure it out and they've
already figured it out jack oh no run it
run away we're not gonna be able to sell
those crate loads of of pop P ope pop
figures of us anymore we're gonna be
sitting in the warehouse this whole PC
stream was was viral marketing for those
pop bobblehead figures that we were
hoping three hours into the stream I'm
gonna start putting the figures on your
head
Oh people are gonna love them and we'll
say they're super limited really rare
that's what we'll tell the rubes and the
Byam
the off switch says el storm are totally
not the real band stab wind sing
directly to me due to the horrible
weather related incident in the cutlery
factory that took my father's life stab
wind
okay all right motherboard is back on no
more metal things whoa
great alright you're on track well it's
okay so what's your current status okay
we have power supply we have solid state
so yeah we'll go over here let's go
through the checklist
okay so we have motherboard motherboard
is mounted processor is in the
motherboard plastic is off the process
there is no plastic lebra on the
motherboard or on the processor don't
touch it don't touch it
okay I was touching it don't touch it I
was let's stop that we have RAM
installed Ram is in okay I'm gonna plug
in the USB again Ram is installed power
supply is connected to the motherboard
power supply is connected to the
motherboard let me just make sure that
grounding the pins from the front of the
Khazar definitely going into the
motherboard into the correct places of
the motherboard and now the USB USB 3 s
on the front of the case are plugged
into the motherboard great these the
hard drive is plugged in the SATA is
plugged in and the hard drive is also
plugged into the power supply the power
supply has a cable ready to go to the
graphics card ok and the fan is powered
from the motherboard and so I'm gonna I
think we're ready for graphics card
alright alright my plan is graphics card
first and then the fan and then the fan
because the fan is the biggest most
ridiculous that I'm worried about you
know I'm worried about you know I'm
worried about you know I'm worried about
on one hand yeah you wouldn't you
probably wouldn't be able to get this
shit in and connected with the fan
already on right on the other hand with
shit already in there might make that
fan exponentially harder to attach
properly yeah I believe what we're
looking at is a small nightmare all
right I have a very very important yes
yes sir hard drive hard your HDD is
screwed on to the side
yes and to the front is the power cable
plugged into the solid-state drive yes
the power cable so I'll show I'll show
the chat for verification
so we plugged this we screwed the
solid-state into this front little panel
here's the SATA you have a SATA going in
- here's the power okay we are good to
go there and then all the extra cable
management is just gonna kind of sit up
front here I thought I was gonna catch
up with the SATA cable nope nope plus
you got the SATA cable SATA is good
power is good we've been saying what
we're putting into the computer as we
put it in you want to go over all of
your specs okay to date to date
motherboard is an MSI be 150 i gaming
pro AC okay
your processor yeah there's our
motherboard our processor is a Intel
Core i5 6600 K on top of that your RAM
is a his fury hyper X we got to a gig
what what what other numbers there's
other numbers of them they gigs pcs
something 100 Jack is waving around his
arms and utter confusion utter utter
computers I was looking for the case I
was looking for the case this doesn't
help this doesn't help
there's all sorts of shit on here who
the fuck cares who the fuck cares about
that that's not the important part
then we have a Silverstone 750 watt
power supply ddr4 2133 that's what we
got ddr4 2133 I told her it's like seven
times to double-check Jack's work but it
doesn't seem to care in before SSD melts
what luma luminaire you're working on it
now that's true
my oh my SSD is 500 gigs wait what do
you mean wait wait wait wait wait I had
Jack move the SSD where is it now it's
on the front of the thing so the the one
issue and you know before we get to we
may have traded one issue for other the
one issue with the SSD is now the and
this goes back to switching around the
the power supply fan so the power supply
fan is now blowing directly on maybe I
gotta say I'd probably rather have a
video card blowing on it than the power
supply the SSD is exactly where it
should be the SSD is directly under the
PSU fan it's hot air blowing on to the
SSD yeah PSU vents at the top this oh oh
it's an intake fan is that an intake
might be an intake fan so it blows at
the top okay okay if it's an intake PSU
fan is an ensign they're saying PSU
Japan is an intake it sucks it doesn't
blow then you're fine which is good
thing that we don't have it facing that
way then great Thank You yep we hear you
all thank you all thank you all okay
we're fine everything's fine so next on
the docket we are going to install a gtx
1070 graphics card a monster of a
graphics card after I figure out one
thing
a plastic thing on the oh there's two
plastic things that we need to pick up
on the connector - it looks like there's
a brown yeah oh yeah uggs in yeah this
one is that a plastic thingy yes it's a
protector okay I want to figure out what
this is which this was that for oh it's
more it's more connectors on this side
oh I'm not a hundred percent sure but I
assume that's for if you want to hook
two of them together might be what that
is alright could be let's see if it says
here but before we before I get too far
I want to know what the s SLI connectors
are what what are the SLI connectors do
anyone know let's see here
cuz there's these connectors which quite
obviously go onto the motherboard it's
almost certainly for hooking two
together can I keep the rubber thing on
it should I keep there everything on it
I don't know that it matters either way
okay all right I'm taking off I'm taking
off the plastic yeah plastic off and
you're definitely not gonna be able to
fit another one of those in there anyway
you don't know I'm gonna get crazy with
everything oh god yes plastic coming off
the SLI connectors make people like you
and me feel poor oh that's very true
little bother
Oh Oh what we're we're explaining
computer stuff I'll get to the donations
we're done messing around with the
graphics well that's it that's why I'm
installing it now so that's what's okay
and is I mean that's besides the the the
CPU cooler which we're saving for last
really that's kind of everything we have
so if you want to get back to it's up to
you if you want to clean the processor
off with alcohol I forget rub your
fingers out of Jack that's up to you if
we have alcohol if were you a mouse I
touched it I did touch it you did I know
you did but you know why I touched it
cuz all y'all were up on the fucking
shit about there being a piece of
elastic on there I don't know it's the
worst thing ever but I do the cooler
before the video card the way he's with
the size of that cooler and the size of
the video card I'm not sure he can get
it in if he doesn't do the video card
first I'm not convinced well here here's
the real thing it will be easier to get
the video card out if like you know then
I'll try to put the cooler on it if I
can't get the cooler out then we you
know it'll be easier to get the video
card I'm not worried about like crushing
weight down to get the cooler on
properly and fucking everything up but
well should we just take a look at the
cooler really quick if you want to let's
do that Thanks fine everything's fine
okay let's see how we put this cooler
together where is the instructions for
my cooler this thing Oh or something
you're dead huh wiggle your toe or
something Oh son that son of a I'm so
dead
is the fan being replaced with je put
the cooler in first well I can't put the
cooler in first so I guess it really
doesn't matter from the sliding it
underneath okay um it doesn't he he
doesn't have much room to work with it I
think he's gonna have problems either
way you know what that's so true I'm
gonna have so many problems it's gonna
be great it's gonna be great this can go
away okay budget messiah says is to take
a small workplace clean up here yeah
don't you two are my favorite married
gay couple who stream on Twitter none of
us is dicks up for Hammurabi best meme
or best meme they had to do it it was
the right thing we had to do it
Hammurabi's the gorilla yeah they had to
put down he was dragging around a
three-year-old foot enough
no but he's talking about so now now the
Internet has has made him a meme and
then the zoo said could you stop making
fun of our dead gorilla like we really
cared about the gorilla and people then
double down and made more memes well no
shit
yeah I mean well they were trying to be
earnest and be like hey this was our
gorilla you know we looked after it
every day and now we're kind of upset
that you guys are making fun of our dead
gorilla they're not making fun of the
dead gorilla
they're making fun of the weirdos who
are getting upset about the gorilla
being shot well they're doing that by
making fun of the girl but the gorilla
is not the target
it's oversensitive people for freaking
out about them shooting as a gorilla
that was attacking of three year old kid
essentially and make sure it might not
have been a deliberate attack but they
still dragging the fucking kid around
yeah bumping his head into concrete like
a sack of fucking potatoes
a gorilla that could take your arm off
without feeling it it was a bad
situation fan situation Oh bother says
there's no speaker or buzzer output on
this motherboard search the manual it's
not there
I'll see you don't need the speaker why
even included it must have come with a
case it came and it probably came to the
case must have it came if there's no
spot for it on the motherboard I'm I
came in this baggie maybe gonna K I
don't know no no maybe
no matter maybe I don't know also don't
forget that CPU power connector
yeah just 30 of the manual yeah yeah CPU
power connector
yeah the CPU is connected to the power
page 32 month enjoy all of my two bucks
you acts which what are we talking about
now hold on page 30 the manual 30 of
what manual the motherboard manual just
taking about speakers on page 31 next to
the reset button people over the manual
for this stuff it's great it's great
what's what is happening that's what I
need to know that's what I need to know
right at this moment
what tired senses rich what is your
favorite Marvel film clearly Jack's
favorite is Iron Man 3 also what is your
least favorite Marvel film also I have
other attempts at shared cinematic
universes failed because they're trying
to force it Marvel Universe I mean it's
just kind of a natural extension of the
comics and you could say that well the
DC Universe would that be a natural
extension of the comics I would argue
that we see has never really had a
strong shared universe not in my mind
and then oh this is gonna be a lot of
people who disagree they're the same
people who like the DC films but Marvel
did and basically I think it's working
in the movies because it's just a
straight-up
had app tation of the kind of shit
they've been doing in the comics for
four years first favorite film Iron Man
1 followed by toss-up between either
Winter Soldier or the first Avengers
Winter Soldier is a pretty good movie
tells you what least favorite I haven't
seen them all mm-hmm uh out of what I
have seen I don't know venture maybe
ventures to maybe you know like none of
them are as boring as the Thor movies
yeah Thor is so boring
I have to rewatch Iron Man 2 I don't
people shit on it
I don't remember hating it at the time
Iron Man 2 yeah no it's it's actually
really decent Jon Favreau has a little
problem with action sequences there's a
there's a black that was our introduced
introduction to Black Widow and there's
a black widow fight scene that is shot
really poorly like especially comparing
it to like the Joss Whedon shot black
widow action sequences it's a little
laughable here there's like a little
fist punching fight between Iron Man and
war machine
yeah that is just shot reverse shot of
them punch
each other in the face and there's
nothing spectacular about the way that
John cleverly shot that so also trap it
scrolled up sorry lost who said this and
I apologize for that what's the same
Fiji Kim Fei Jie thank you yeah yeah he
is the other reason why it works as
universe there's one mind behind it one
mind who knows what he's doing basically
the Marvel Cinematic Universe has a
strong editor they've got their Jim
shooter mmm-hmm that's a good way to put
it
DC universes like wow Zack Snyder is
gonna do his thing and I don't know I
guess the Suicide Squad someone else
they're gonna be doing their thing mmm
yeah but that doesn't have that unified
Kevin fan G says I have a plan and I
will put the people in place to
implement the plan that is very true yes
that is very true the blue-gray says
those Funko figurines of you to remind
me reminded me what are your opinion on
those kinds of chibi figurines in my
opinion some of them are fine but the
accurate looking ones seem to be getting
ignored I know Karen loves them never
really been my thing they look kind of
creepy it's sweet that a fan made us in
that style it's horribly sweet and I
love that I love that somebody was
thinking of us but I think across the
board all of those pop figures are so
creepy they got those dead lifeless eyes
that are just staring at you they're
just like a whole bunch of little
corpses little tiny corpses that sit on
your desk so what's the problem
jack has no plans to put lights in his
case not oh but if he puts anything in
there yes it will overheat
TC Brady one three three says Dix up for
Dom DeLuise Doug Dilla weeds Dix up for
Dom DeLuise and AIDS
Dom DeLuise did not have AIDS
that we know of that we don't want and
you can't hide anything from the press
aids we heard about it back in the day
you could back in the day you could have
hit anything I am confused if you if you
really need the help I will
madam says Iron Man 2 is good because
ScarJo with long hair and titties short
hair is worse there was barely any
titties he said titties with a dee doo
dee city's titties so I'm not sure what
he was referring to it wasn't
necessarily her boobs
he could have lady like her shoes it's
like a nickname for her shoes who shoes
wear them Teddy's slightly confused but
ok so here's what we got yeah
the instructions are not very clean I
kind of get the idea there's this
mounting plate here ok so you have the
bolts
secur firm right but then oh maybe I
figured it out already
nevermind I figured it out you figured
it out
no does this not have a backplate yeah
it has a backplate welcome I don't see
the backplate in the instructions um
right that was that was part of my
confusion what the fuck that was part of
my confusion then put the mounting bars
on orient the mounting bars it's
important like which way your cooler is
gonna face so when you put those on be
careful fix the mounting bars using
thumb screws thermal paste
oh okay it's step forward
what the backplate is step form it
doesn't have a picture everything else
has a picture yeah but it's step four
here and it does not have a picture the
backplate yeah
they can't be step 4 fastening heatsink
to the CPU please first take off the
protection cover at the bottom side of
the heatsink yep I see that then put the
heatsink onto the CPU and then we're
gonna throw a stir oh well yeah we're
not there yet so right now I'm just
mounting the bracket that's all I'm
doing right now okay so you know we got
the backplate here this thing right here
I'm how this looks right this looks
right it's bottom side of the heatsink
that's absent that that was the box back
of the motherboard that's not so I don't
think it does say anything about
backplate right didn't come with
anything like that yeah so look look
here look here it what all did this come
with so I'd like to see this right here
did that come with the fan yeah this is
the backplate okay this goes through and
then on this side and I'll show the
camera in a second everybody and then on
this side I have to mount these things
yeah so those those only mount to that
do you have to have that on there all
right that makes sense okay so it for
everyone for everyone at home this black
piece of metal right here is the back
plate that goes through the motherboard
then on this side I'm mounting them to
this piece of metal here and the
heatsink will screw onto this screw
right here and that will hold it all
together before I thermal paste I will
just put it on as a small test if
someone ok the fan itself and here a
check out the heatsink right I did
here's how here's my question this is a
this is a knock tool noct ua n h c1 4s
the heatsink pipes
do they go does it matter which way they
go then yeah you should look at the
picture it's which way you want your fan
- no no sorry sorry so like here you
know beep yep gamma kind of bracelet
these pipes here can they go like this
or like this you know you know I'm
saying well it's gonna be sticking out
more one way or the other I think it
just matters right but it doesn't matter
if they're up or down um that's that's
my big question doesn't matter if those
pipes are up or down are the things they
screw and do is it it wouldn't go either
way right maybe I don't know I haven't
gotten that far yet
remember use the entire tube of thermal
paste they give it to you for a reason
don't listen to that jack
oh yeah don't listen oh hey someone
being a dickhead oh yeah oh yeah someone
trying to be a funny person direction
doesn't matter do what fits with the
graphics card and Lam okay great just
might assume that's a lie I just wanted
to double-check that if there is some
sort of official ruling shed will eat
Fox's rich I must warn you I am very
much afraid that Jack's PC will catch on
fire and burn the studio down uh-huh
you must be very very careful I hope you
mean Jack's he's the one who's building
the fucking thing well I gotta hope it
doesn't spread fast enough that I can't
get to the exit that's all I gotta worry
about there's a fire extinguisher right
outside this room right here on your own
Jack when your own thanks rich hmm okay
okay so now we're just gonna or just how
fucking thing this thing on my toe it's
gonna say I'm dead again because it like
smooshed on my toe Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard says how much would you say
bleep closing down fuck you over
I don't think we're fucked over thanks
to patreon we're doing you know well
that was that bad
yeah I don't think blip closing down
affected yeah red letter media that much
I think I already had a lot of stuff on
YouTube it's not like we never used you
to the the real effect with blip is the
copyright hoops that Mike and Jay have
to go yes yes that all right I'm gonna
take this protective plastic thing off I
will put it put it back on in a moment
where blip was a you know a lot more
lenient with stuff like that bitch this
is gonna be tight oh I got to find
something to do with these cables I also
just won't work all right all right
Nolan are we have a power cable
situation Oh yep what is wrong they
won't fit with the fit but the power
cable won't fit with the fan well you
know they're thick doesn't it say in the
thing that it's got a way to mount it a
little bit higher oh I didn't well no no
I just kind of moved the cable oh my god
jack can't fit in the fan where this
power came it's gonna be fine rich
that's someone saying it's gonna be fine
this thing is this power cable there see
you look I fixed it already rich I'm not
I'm not mounting it yet for those who
are about to freak out about thermal
paste I'm not mounting it I'm just
seeing if it fits
captain Blackadder says what are your
respective ethnic backgrounds a human
which really is the only fucking thing
that matters
human screw them animals dogs cats
living together recruit more pimps for
you says oh my god has lenka Basinski
made a new movie since skull forest if
so will you do a best of the worst on it
and where do I start with lens movies
also dead Sarah pleasure to meet you 8.3
bnm and r.i.p one Gabrielle where would
you start with lemkov's insky would it
be
I mean fist of the vampire or did you
start with the curse of already cursed
curse the wolf is the worst I mean
that's where we started that's where we
fell in love with him curse of the wolf
fist of the vampire and then if you want
to go back a bit maybe you can do swamp
zombies just to see where len came from
that's a fun thing to do that's a fun
thing to do Swamp zambese yeah and then
just move on we have a very real problem
but yeah Kirsten will find starting
splays and then you get the fist of the
vampire that's full cab Basinski
for full-on cabins in ski oh that's
right we did a commentary for a
apocalypse female warriors oh that's a
fun one yeah that's a fun one too no he
just got done with like bridal party
massacre
right I don't recall that's that's one
that we're gonna have to watch it oh we
have to watch it this I found something
new recently I'm not gonna say anymore
found something magical the other night
the other night we were watching movies
and not recording ourselves watching
movies and we immediately regretted not
recording ourselves after we found a
certain movie rich yeah it's not gonna
work
what's not gonna work the sighs look I
want I want everyone here here here is
the problem everyone okay if you look at
this the pipes are not symmetrical they
are not perfectly in the center of the
fan if you see this side has more room
on it than this side has do you see that
so I can mount it with the pipes up like
this but then it hangs too low and will
obstruct my graphics card system so you
want to mount it like this but then it
won't fit because this side has more
room on it look look look look look
that is really frustrating do this with
the case down and let's see what's going
on well here you can see right here look
it bumps into the fan oh you know what I
you can't we can do it this way too
wait wait sorry yeah so you can't do it
this way because it bumps into the fan
plus how bad is bumping into the fan huh
like what kind of clear it's just how
bad is it but if they bumped into the
fans so bad that it won't attach to the
thing which is taking over now
we're just curious what's going on yeah
okay is that not on huh is that not on
well I guess I swim the screws need to
line that is in the fan and the fan
wouldn't turn yeah that would be bad
yeah that would be bad yeah that would
be bad yeah that would be bad
no and the screws aren't lined up the
screws aren't lined up can you get it
but here's the thing rich I just thought
of something I thought I thought I
thought of the way around it
okay which is we can mount it this way
too it's just a matter which way this
goes right we might have to move the
things you put on the pipes though yeah
yeah but if it fits will it fit this way
can your fan turn no yeah all because
everybody all because these pipes are
not perfectly in the center do you see
that that is super frustrating for me
all because this is less space than this
is now rich well rich didn't petrich
didn't panic me into buying a heat sink
I became I'm becoming increasingly
increasingly nervous because of rich and
so I felt the need for a large heat sink
but more so that's not in the center so
if it goes any way dress this huh
suggest those pipes
I can't imagine so why would it come off
shut up isn't that crazy
isn't that crazy rich the whole thing is
crazy well why is it off-center
is the question be able to place the fan
I can't place the fan on the other side
of the heatsink but I that actually
won't solve our problem like that's the
thing about this one is you can take the
fan and put it on this side yeah yeah
but that won't solve the problem the
problem is fixed this way no no it
doesn't fit this way upside down upside
down is the way to do it but why not
watch this
so that lined up with the screws this
fits this lines up with the screws
perfectly yeah but now it's hanging too
low
oh look so now it's hanging too low
it'll bump into the graphics card for
sure yeah yeah it's off centered that's
super frustrating
all right well well we need a different
fan we need a different fan that's all
right do we do well I mean I have to get
a new fan is the only thing I can do
right there's nothing we can do tonight
unless we rip apart your old computer
right there even then we might not have
the things to mount it no yeah so no I
just mean I need to buy a different fan
that fits take from current PC my
current PC is an iMac so I cannot take
the fan out of the head and place it
into this one yeah
yeah now you know I feel like you're not
doing something it's like I said the the
shit of it is and you can kind of see
this on camera it's really apparent once
it's inside they're the super shit of
this is I'll try to get as head-on as I
can is you'll notice that one side
there's more space here than there is
here right so this this whole Center
heatsink is off-center a stock cooler
did not come with the processor and a
stock cooler did not come with the
processor
I could take out the case fan but that's
the exhaust and I think we kind of need
that I'm gonna go out on a limb and say
that that's gonna really help things
well well well
okay would you be able to take the fan
out and mount it on the outside of the
case still blowing the same way this fan
yes that's a crazy man's suggestion
that's a crazy man's suggestion rich is
that a thing you would be able to do I'm
looking maybe
sacred yes rich is stuck in a well good
idea rich um I mean maybe I would get
the smart thing to do yeah would be to
buy a bigger case another thing to do is
to take that fan off and mounted outside
the case or I could just buy a different
fan I'm a different fan a different
heatsink one that would fit in here is
probably a decent heatsink
I'm sure it's a decent sink but it
doesn't do me any good if it doesn't fit
can you move the fan the outside cuz
then you're still moving air possibly I
mean we got screwdrivers it's in the
back it's you know that's fine if the
fans on the outside it's in the back
honestly my old shitty case is sitting
right there from that all the computer
yeah but that would look like garbage on
your desk it really would oh no no I'm
keeping the case the case isn't the
problem the problem is the fan y'all
think this is gonna stop me from getting
my my tiny form case no no no I'm gonna
get a new CPU cooler all right hold on
and we're gonna try mounting the fan on
the outside just for shits and giggles I
don't know if we can mount this on the
outside this is just this is an attempt
this is a a wacky crazy off-the-wall
idea that's exactly what this is say the
grill comes off we always put the grill
on the other side well I think that's
just for like fingers
I hold on let me get this in here we've
we've tried then heat sink can only
rotate the way that that heat sink is
designed there's no other orientation
going on without that I can see what you
we could put the heat sink in any angle
well like on its side you can't do it
like that right
oh yeah sure but we could we can rotate
it on the z-axis but if what it just
won't where's that little plastic thing
that goes on it all right hold on we're
still we're still we're still figuring
out this whole fan thing so now we have
a little issue with the cable make sure
is blowing the right direction it's the
exact same as it was okay so now we just
put the screws in on this side yeah
maybe maybe it could just be that easy
well anonymous wants me to tell an
embarrassing story yep you sent that tip
and I didn't read all of it that's an
embarrassing story right oh damn damn
not really it's not really embarrassing
yeah I got none I'm so full of stories
surely you can just remember an
embarrassing story and told them that
past like how about that time I I may
have killed a three-year-old child a few
days ago how about that nothing great is
that embarrassing or just horrible well
you know I really want to know what
happened to that kid I mean I could have
gone back and tied her to a fence it
could have that would have been
embarrassing oh listen I'm just doing
this to see how the heat sink
mr. 3000 says rich is da real MVP we're
just doing this for shits and giggles
I'm gonna see if this works and if we
can fit the heatsink but I mean who
knows if if I'm actually just gonna put
the heatsink on or if we just wait for
another day
I might have to finish this at home I
mean so it works you can mount it like
this you know and everything
theoretically will work the same while I
plug in a system fan here Jack yeah
enough with the tiny case form follows
function that's what they said yeah I
hear ya I don't care how about that so
we're going fan on the outside well like
I said I'm just testing yeah yeah you do
this with a case vertical and that's so
weird well because this way I can more
easily see the clearance okay when when
it comes time to screw it in yeah okay
so this will actually work this will
work this fits perfectly
this fits perfectly over the processor
so here's the question wrench yeah do we
do it
Dragan Rooney says do it Jack do it no
Astraea says salvation shit dr. Chow 230
forces do it now do it do it
proceed doing okay all right do it a 1
nope this one nope
yep it will not work because you will
have zero air flow though why would you
have zero air flow okay ton air flow
I'll have the same air flow fine you
know what
it'll be fine that's what I decided
we're gonna we're gonna continue
screwing the fan it you know what we'll
seal the deal for me as soon as I get
this fan all the way screwed in if any
of these other screws that I have
miscellaneous we'll put the little
finger guard on the back here lots of
activity in the chest this is exciting
why isn't your heart rate monitor
working wiggle your toes jack
wiggle your toe stand up that's my feet
are cold
I think I have low circulation yeah
where's my heart monitor there we go
there goes okay we're can't we kicked
back in and we kicked it back in well
any of these screws fit in here poop
dick 5079 says Jack was in denial now he
is in stage three of failed pc building
bargaining what's really gonna seal up
the deal for me is I really want this um
so here's how the fan looks now boom not
so pretty but it's the back but you
don't see that if I can get this back on
I think I'm gonna be a lot I'm gonna be
a much happier person really you need
that finger just fingers I have
I have tiny fingers all over my
household okay okay I'm not saying
they're gonna do that but but I can get
any screws right by the way look at a
look at my heart right I'm solid as a
rock you think something like this can
shake me the toes have died so many
times tonight I think that's 79 it's
like your heart racing Jack your feet
have no circulation prove it apparently
not apparently not okay
okay so it kind of sounds like we're
doing this it kind of sounds like we are
about to make a really bad decision this
is your decision I want this on an audio
record this is Jack's decision they
mount the fan and the outside of the
case can I get an audio confirmation of
this okay I'm thinking I'm thinking
about it right okay
it was Rich's idea but it's my
responsibility whether I implement
Rich's crazy idea right it is it's a
it's a great solution right like it's
it's not a bad idea if it works and this
will keep the air flow moving so many in
the China's bringing something is there
anywhere to mount the fan in front
is there a vent in front where you can
mount it on this thing no there's not a
vent in front okay you would still have
the airflow this is the front of the
case okay well no I'm the the grates in
front right you have or is that on the
top the grates the grates on the top
oh so they're on the top theoretically
can you want a sample to be rule with
that cooler on the inside oh can I do
that yeah you do that
it does rule oh no and now shit just got
real shit just got real
hold on so if the if this if the sink
goes like this
no 100% no 100% no okay okay hey but you
know what good thinking good thinking
everybody good thinking um make sure
there will be enough clearance before
you mount the CPU cooler or you might be
stuck after installing the cooler and
I've clearance for what alright for the
video card I think they're talking about
before you get that cooler I'm there on
there truly on there you're right
well I can I can like screw it on and
just not put the thermal paste on right
if you get it go through all the trouble
of getting that in there on right you
probably just want to do it once I'll
put this here you're right you're right
we should do this before end and this
will make my final decision
whether I have the ghetto PC fan all
right hold on hold on wait this time
it's lupus is very sick guys yeah for
the last 15 to 20 minutes yeah
Obama has been trying to tell you about
something you are missing Oh bother you
got it you got it
add us have you been adding us that way
it shows up in red there's a clip from
the manual where's a link to something
here what I don't know but I like that
they they put your name in there mom
okay hold on okay take a look take a
look
all right
I Oh bother stirring drama Oh bother I
have no idea what I'm looking at here I
think he's referring to this this do you
have your thing plugged in wrong this
pot this plug here I had plugged in over
here but there's this J power too so
maybe I so oh here I'll show everybody
sorry they can't see in there like that
I need to plug two things into the
motherboard is that what that's what
you're saying I can't even see where
there hold on let me plug that one back
in I need to plug two things into the
motherboard is what they're saying there
is a J power to you miss the most I
don't have a point for that
no that's that's a that's a that's a
hard drive hold on
we're looking at we're looking into it
two things
what are these off-center what that
freak it out we don't have another cliff
like could you just wonder if you just
get away with using one that's three and
just put it in off-center oh yeah the
big one on the last device for the
motherboard the smaller one is for your
CPU clearance the CPU heatsink you need
that power cable I always say I want my
CPU definitely came with the cable okay
hold on what oh it says the CPU came
with the cable it's not in the
motherboard box the CPU box is right
here and there is no if you if you see
here what everyone's talking about is
this connector right here which it's
hard to tell maybe I can get extremely
dirty yeah here we go so as you can see
it's four it's a square they can't see
shit jack they can see I can't see that
right there that's right there it's this
this one right here it's for its for
process it's four prongs oh my god and
and I have no cable that hooks up to
anything you have this camera prong here
do like this this off-center like that
uh-huh
rich is doing it
make sure I'm right no that's slightly
different yeah nah ma wait right here
I'll do it because it's my gun why what
nope that's a de I put it over there for
a reason that's Santa we have no for
pronger people we have no for Pronger
I'm assuming you could put one of these
in here off-center one of these three
for those three prong ones but I was
damaging your ship right right that's
why I'll do it but for everyone who
keeps saying that I'm very sorry but no
the the cable you have right now is your
GPU cable okay so that goes away and
there's this one who this might be it
this might be it hold on hold on pause
pause for this might be it haha okay
good there it is good whew
maybe this one comes this one comes with
a or two for C so that's probably it
that's probably it
this is gonna totally fuck a good thing
you told me cuz this is gonna totally
fuck up my heatsink situation I've never
seen one with a separate one off to the
side like that now that's weird maybe I
could fit it through here hold on we're
gonna weird here we go
I don't like things that are weird
attack the 4-pin plug to the a pin
that's the ticket yep there we go sorry
yeah Oh bother it really helps if you
add us and you might have been and you
know unfortunately in Middle East once
that I saw when I scrolled up looking
for them in a stream like this where so
many people are attempting to give
advice and help a lot of it will
probably go unnoticed and I'm sorry
about that all right there we go cool
got it thank you Oh bother
thanks very much Oh bother that's great
okay hold on now we gotta figure out
where to plug it in on the flower does
anybody in the know have a serious
objection to mounting the fan on the
outside now oh yeah well I need to make
that decision I know I know you need to
make that decision I'm just curious if
there are sell some legit reasoning for
not doing it
cuz I don't want to be the guy
responsible as my I don't want to be the
guy responsible for frying your PC I
found it I found the right place I found
the right place
mounting the fan outside it's finding
plenty of times mounting the fan outside
is fine
just aesthetics okay well and that's
that's what I've been going through my
head
it's just aesthetics okay get in there
get in there you son of a bitch there
quick jack is an adult any decisions he
makes or on him that's true and that's
that's why I haven't made it yet well no
to be fair it's that's a horrible sink
of prereq funds jack that's this is our
money I have a say that's true that's
true that is you know what that's true
rich that's true absolutely the fan is
blowing air out I I don't you couldn't
get the grill on there what they grill
on the back no but I'll get screws I got
I can get the grill on like I can do
that on my own
it didn't come with me with big enough
screws to do that but that's how many in
my like baguette tools the Home Depot
stuff all over the place in there hmm
over over a decade worth of
miscellaneous PC screws and shit
no no not big enough maybe maybe this
one if I could find for a nose drop PC
and the fucking water it makes it work
makes it work first time every time
makes it work first time every time
I fuck that up keep fucking everything
up today wow I'm having a good not
having a good reading day just in
general yeah general reading
dr. Gupta hunter hanker says strictly
speaking you don't even need a case I
had a bunch of parts mounted to my wall
as a joke use that PC for about eight
months before it lost its novelty yes I
have some I'll have some temporary
screws here from your bag of
miscellaneous screws have you ever seen
mineral oil PC
mineral oil PC yeah you take an aquarium
you fill it with mineral oil and then
you submerge all your PC parts in there
you moderate on the inside of a aquarium
full of mineral oil it works fine yeah
because it doesn't cut up the
electricity that sounds horrifying and I
believe it that's a way you can cool
what what the mineral oil oh sure yeah
okay I have the great on using yours
okay so now for me a big thing is
aesthetics
is that the only fan having only an exit
fan is a great way to get a really dusty
computer here you want more air pushing
out than in positive pressure keeps out
the dust I'll just leave the case open
so cool
mineral oil PCs are really cool and a
huge pain advance could you imagine
their whopping out any part swapping out
the parts is one thing fucking moving it
fucking moving it we gotta bring a
computer to the studio Oh Jackie I'll be
fine
yeah just dust it out where every now
and then oh yeah no I'm not worried
about clean okay so wait where we were
before Oh bother
corrected a save dirty see save my ass
saved my ass let's just call it what it
is Oh bother absolutely saved my ass
we were about to figure out whether or
not this thing fit over the graphics
card right yeah which is just a tiny
tiny important detail 10% power should
be good we'll see
nanyem says good luck guys with your
guinness world record attempt at slowest
pc build it's it's it's it's
first fucking time got him some damn
slack thanks a lot dickhead
you know what and you get that in there
yeah I can get any maybe this is mine
might need to get it in first by the way
whoa you know you're gonna have to plug
in power before mounting the card is the
power plugged into the card can you get
the can you plug the power into the card
before mounting oh no the card will
early the plugs for the power are will
be on the up okay that's fine okay the
plugs for the power is fine I just need
to do some quick cable management I just
need to do some quick cable management
is all we now have so many fucking
cables under here that there aren't any
extra hidden
he's fine everything's fine bainfield
death says I get it
lots of big things in a small container
it's a clown PC first of all nice now
you can pay the clown colors there's
just so much shit right here that I need
to lift up this time it's locusts I know
what I know what do you know yep what do
you know
yep what do you know yep tell me there
is no reason why Jack couldn't use a
bigger case all this would be so much
easier well there's my reason I know I
know that I'm just saying for your first
time you've made it you've made it
difficult for yourself uh-huh a so
replace the speaker with a slide whistle
you can customize your window sounds to
have like slight whistles and horn
honking lost Windows 10 doesn't let you
do that you know they won't Windows 10
we find these sounds to be inappropriate
so sayeth the Windows 10 or tear our
mother says Jack is enjoying the
challenge oh yeah there you go there you
go Jack is happy I am
yes that's what matters I'm happy and I
don't think I've broken anything yet you
know
it would be a whole different story if
just like everything was breaking like
here this is good this is this is a
tricky part where I just have to like
mush these cables up and I know these
cables are tough yeah but you know like
I feel I feel um I feel the pressure
here because there's a little bit
there's a lot there's just a lot of shit
right there's just so much shit here
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says public
servant announcement men can get HPV 95%
of anal cancer is caused by HPV yeah get
vaccinated you fucks that's a good
public service announcement thank you
thank you for it yeah I'm gonna have to
get I mean I don't remember if it's
funny or not but I feel like we're
something to watch after the stream was
to talk about stuff what your dreams
do you remember electric dreams electric
dreams 80s movie guy buys a computer
spills wine into the computer the
computer becomes alive mm-hmm and they
both fall in love with the same girl
I don't remember its quality but it's an
old beach kind of movie about computers
nice this this gpiod my graphics card
not coming up I guess what I'm saying is
I'm installing this graphics card right
now is it going in its inch by inch
centimeter by centimeter I'm installing
this right now cuz it's not because it
is never ever coming out again more Oh
bother messages more about oh sorry
Oh bother the rubber dust covers on it
it won't go in oh you can take the thing
off the I know I know I know
thank you a bother remember I was just
putting it down here to make sure the
heat sink
okay worked I know why don't you put
that in before you get the heatsink
you're gonna you wouldn't really want to
get that in when the heat sinks in you
should do the card first oh I am doing
the card first now is what I've decided
okay okay so that right now the card is
in a temporary spot yeah
the card is laying on the bottom now I
will do my heatsink test everybody
settle down
what just the cover still on oh my lord
oh no that's okay everything's fine Joe
it was fine
okay you're doing great for your first
time with a difficulty level of 10 my
first PC is difficulty level one right
either the the fully integrated nearly
motherboard okay it will fit it will fit
everything is gonna fit this is gonna be
fine everything is gonna be fine
okay so now we are going to install the
graphics card so here's the graphics
card you're hurt it looks like you're
dying because this time no I'm just I'm
just looking at like the weird-ass
random fucking heartbeat pattern going
on this thing has been this thing is
smashing against like your heart is
beating in weird ways and slowly that is
so fucked up yeah what do you say about
graphics card you can say anything about
graphics connected you Jiminy Cricket
prick cuz you're supposed to use like
either a practical integrated graphics
card for the simple no but it doesn't
say it doesn't say anything about a
graphics card of course this doesn't
really expect you to use a fancy one
jack that's the same little piece
it's an itty bitty piece they don't want
you to put up a fucking fucking Mustang
cock in there no no no I got a Mustang
why do I just have to double check is
the entire weight of this graphics card
just on these screws right here I think
so that's it
yeah there's nothing that goes
underneath yeah yep well you know I
guess technically the the part that fits
in the motherboard is holding it in a
little bit too oh good is that it Hey
okay now I got a heart again you read
what this particular card says but I
think so well that's honestly that's
what it looks like and that scares me
more than anything
right that's the power okay so this is
the power for it the weight is fine this
isn't okay so this is a thing this is a
thing okay all right I'm doing it but
I'm about to do it rich I'm going to
plug in should call the computer odd job
odd job cuz it's short yet fat that's a
James Bond reference yeah I see you
heathens they get it they get it I think
they were hoping for more pop culture
call the computer Danny DeVito
come on come on come on
there we go okay so now power is in I'm
taking off the rubber thing rubber thing
is off there is so much garbage in here
there is just so much garbage all right
all right okay here we go rich I'm about
to put the graphics garden I'm excited
do you think you're excited I'm excited
will it lift up far enough to plug into
the thing oh my god you Jiminy Cricket
prick come on
just too many cables getting there nope
you lost it and kinda beragon kid over
he did the two he didn't the two GPU
power things right Jack's plan is to
plug the power cords into the GPU after
it's in no it's here it's here pay for
they're plugged in already are you
plenty but the if you see the power is
on the GPU on the outside so I could
wait but it's fine I did plug them in
just in case
use the Force Jack I know Susan of arm
this is tough there are so many cables
directly above Moki v85 says to rec
release the footage of the stream as a
how-to VHS for PC building called how
not to build a PC with the cover image a
PC mid explosion and Jack being thrown
backwards on a tree stand safe oh I like
it the blue button says the blue button
working with the case on its side is
easier for a lot of this namely seating
the graphics card I keep telling Jack
that he has no interest Jack has
absolutely no interest in putting this
case on its go well right up gravity
would be on his side right now what I
have to do in order to get this graphics
card to sit is physically lift up all of
these wires that are here and so I my
hands need to be on both sides of it
Jenny my help huh do you need my help
well I'm what I'm saying is there's no
way to do that with it's on it would you
need me to help with lifting up a corpse
no no it's because it's such a small
space here I'm here I'm not trying to be
a complete jerk you cannot get a hand in
there I know I've got snarky commentary
going on that's cuz we're running an
entertain
that's oh no you're the here for snark
Ridge I just I'd like to give my
reasoning for why for why I make the
decisions I make because there's just so
little room in here
disco king says now this has been
thoroughly enjoyable oh great here's
some of my weed money they're welcome
and that money will go into the by Jack
a new new PC fuck you Jiminy Cricket
prick just letting this happen because
watching Jack try to do this as part of
the entertainment factor for everyone I
just offered my help
oh yeah no and I appreciate that I know
I don't want you to think that I'm being
reverse 9 to you I appreciate all your
help
Krieger seven eight three this is going
to end in bloodshed didn't someone say I
needed to shed blood yeah yeah to
appease the PC gods yeah I think I did
it
thank you please shout a jack go faster
okay oh wait why did you turn oh this
run out of power
Oh somebody said something about
something facing the motherboard PC you
can have two pins facing the motherboard
they still have them oh we just went
over the we just went over the pins you
didn't take the plastic off of the thing
that goes into the motherboard right
I did India brown plastic strip it was
okay and I did it yes
supposedly that is the thing I have to
take Jack's word that it is done right
the deed is done
rich the deed
she be down out of juice Shh
waited my screws go I probably have some
that will work they're pretty standard
there's a black one there under the
cords
is that it yep there there that's that
that's both of æneas okay hold on I'm
about I got the graphics card in that
was far more work than I was expecting
but now I'm kind of holding it up to
make sure it doesn't okay rich yes now I
need you okay so what should I do hold
that up when you screw I'll hold it up
if you can screw these two screws into
here that would be incredibly helpful
it's working huh
yeah my hands are shaking I am nervous
as fuck your heartbeats fucking 70 that
thing's a piece of shit my heart feels
like it's racing
yeah yeah to type I don't wanna make
sure they're decently that thing is
crazy look at that look at how
ridiculous that that's good look at it's
absurd look at how ridiculous that is
really absurd but that's what makes the
graphics happen right that's what makes
the graphics heaven look at look at this
that barely fits I also have just cables
now spewing out of everywhere
all right great it is in we are we are
graphics
great great all right who you know where
it wouldn't just barely fit in a bigger
case it wouldn't just barely fit the
very case yeah okay we're getting there
rich okay we are getting there so and
now I'm gonna do some cable management
and then we're gonna get on this this
motherfucking heatsink and then I think
that's it
which is crazy how far we've come
it's amazing it's amazing it's amazing
so you've earned your PC well I'm
getting you know what we'll see if it
turns on how about that if it turns on
I've earned my PC wings if not that's
only half the fucking battle that's all
I'm caring about at the moment all my
current concern is is whether or not it
will turn on we can deal with with
booting and overheating later installing
windows sewing windows all that bullshit
I will deal with later quietest ninja
says put this towards having Best Buy
Geek Squad come out to fix this for you
that's not funny
Kawai doesn't in jail I know who you are
there's a little place that actually
fixes pcs near me that decays system I'm
gonna bring this over there they're
gonna say what the fuck
it was far more difficult because you're
ramming a Mustang dick into Pikachu's
ass I know all right all right
shoving cables reminds me of a contest I
saw it QuakeCon one time where two pairs
raced to build a PC the winners were
done in a little over an hour
what are we got now we were going at 11
o'clock you're fine what's going on 11
o'clock oh shit shit that's okay
no it's gonna be fun it's gonna be fine
okay
just remember to get the right drivers
for your video card yep yep yep okay
here it is it's time rich for the
heatsink it is time for the heatsink
maybe no a CPU is properly in the
motherboard CPU is properly in the
motherboard motherboard is mounted and
the power cables are going into the
motherboard properly we just took care
of that yep the fans are definitely
plugged into the motherboard right the
one fan that's in there now this one
that is plugged into the motherboard yes
video card is in video card is plugged
in mm-hmm
hard drive is mounted with the power
plugged in and the other cord that goes
the SATA cable go into the motherboard
and it's got the power cable right what
we didn't forget the power cable on the
hard drive hard drive has the power
cable okay we're going through the
checklist this is the checklist
absolutely RAM is installed RAM is
installed
okay okay there's one more bit of cable
management that I have to do this wily
fucker over here Geek Squad I mean
obviously if I need it I will call Geek
Squad of course excuse me I built my own
PC and and I think I broke everything
the GPO has the power plug didn't Jack
did that before he had in the PCI slot
the GPU has the power plugged in right
here you can see the GPU has its power
plugged in it's obviously in connected
to the motherboard you know by it being
in the motherboard so that's all good
this let me just double check that that
gives us enough room many the workings
is the very king says the Varrick I
think it's Manny the very king many the
very King says Harare
later tonight on the local Milwaukee
Craigslist a gently used heatsink and a
possibly broken 1070 video card both
autographed by Amos okay this is gonna
work this is gonna work rich are you
putting this on putting this on like
this is the final you're putting it on
for good maybe then thermal paste oh
well yeah yeah oh yeah I just I have one
thing I need to double check here this
is going to
Navarre says I have a hard time deciding
who's the comedy relief here amazing PC
builder Jack or the receipt rich wait a
minute
rich are you being prissy I don't think
I'm being pretty I don't thank you
everyone wants you to wipe off the
processor because you touched it I don't
know if we have rubbing alcohol
honestly hmm I it a little bit is that
gonna make a big difference I don't
think we have all I can check if you
want
yeah I read text see if we have every
alcohol I don't think we do okay that's
fine oh my god Richard dropped his
microphone
am i dying again oh my god I'm dying
wake up feet wake up feet wake up okay
okay so this fan that I just took off is
able to come off and if you see here the
heat sink has these holes in it because
I need to screw it on to the mounts and
so I need to take the fan off the fan is
very easy to install back on so I'm not
worried about installing it once it's in
but just to make sure that's just well
it'll be a slight pain in the ass but I
think it's more important that this is
screwed on properly just plop the blob
in the middle and it'll spread when you
push it against the eat it yeah yeah it
does look like he has the Fonzie thumbs
up pros pose I am still building this PC
I am still yes PC I think you may be
having premature ventricular
contractions based on your heart monitor
I don't know what that means
I can't mount the fan on the outside of
the sink because I don't there won't be
room or there could be I don't know
actually
maybe but I think it'll work better on
this side you can mount it on either
side you can mount it on either side so
you still have all confidence I'll
bother even though we almost ruined
everything like seven times
rich is looking for rubbing alcohol
because I was touching my processor the
the processor in the middle there I'm
not going to touch it now I I was I
touched it to make sure there was no
plastic on it
and apparently touching it was a really
bad idea people don't like it that it
touched it it means gonna die um you
want firm downward pressure with your
thermal base okay you're right you're
right here is a situation in which we
want the case to be down you're right
you're right you're right you're right
you're right there's alcohol here but
rubbing alcohol is the question is there
rubbing alcohol my fingers are not
covered in KFC grease I'm sure it's fine
the link to my case this is a Leon Lee
pcq ten case
and I think it's rather lovely things
rather lovely case appreciate that Jack
keep it up stand up for the benefit of
the audience of the whole film right
yeah I'm sure it's fine and I just show
us a close-up of the CPU I really
believe that there's plastic on I
couldn't see mine in the first either
I'm gonna say a hundred percent I'm a
hundred percent sure that there was no
plastic on the CPU
I'm at just double I double triple
looked Jake I think you need a water
cool I looked into the water cooler the
only problem is the water with the water
cooler is they wanted the radiator to go
on top of the case and I didn't like
that but I looked at that there's a
there's a nice Corsair water cooler that
everyone has been raving about and
looked easy to hook up but it and a
little more expensive than the heat sink
I got and then I got a big radiator on
top so hey no stinkin you and I don't
write I don't think I need it so no one
needs a water coolers well I may have
some people do if they're overclocking
but I don't think I don't think I need
it end
it's gonna be fine I'm waiting for rich
rich is looking for rubbing alcohol I
don't think we need it I don't think we
need it I don't think we need it
I don't think we need it
first fucking time got him some damn
slack thanks a lot dickhead
you know what and you get that in there
yeah I can get any maybe this is mine
might need to get it in first by the way
whoa you know you're gonna have to plug
in power before mounting the card is the
power plugged into the card can you get
the can you plug the power into the card
before mounting oh no the card will
early the plugs for the power are will
be on the up okay that's fine okay the
plugs for the power is fine I just need
to do some quick cable management I just
need to do some quick cable management
is all we now have so many fucking
cables under here that there aren't any
extra hidden
he's fine everything's fine bainfield
death says I get it
lots of big things in a small container
it's a clown PC first of all nice now
you can pay the clown colors there's
just so much shit right here that I need
to lift up this time it's locusts I know
what I know what do you know yep what do
you know
yep what do you know yep tell me there
is no reason why Jack couldn't use a
bigger case all this would be so much
easier well there's my reason I know I
know that I'm just saying for your first
time you've made it you've made it
difficult for yourself uh-huh a so
replace the speaker with a slide whistle
you can customize your window sounds to
have like slight whistles and horn
honking lost Windows 10 doesn't let you
do that you know they won't Windows 10
we find these sounds to be inappropriate
so sayeth the Windows 10 or tear our
mother says Jack is enjoying the
challenge oh yeah there you go there you
go Jack is happy I am
yes that's what matters I'm happy and I
don't think I've broken anything yet you
know
it would be a whole different story if
just like everything was breaking like
here this is good this is this is a
tricky part where I just have to like
mush these cables up and I know these
cables are tough yeah but you know like
I feel I feel um I feel the pressure
here because there's a little bit
there's a lot there's just a lot of shit
right there's just so much shit here
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says public
servant announcement men can get HPV 95%
of anal cancer is caused by HPV yeah get
vaccinated you fucks that's a good
public service announcement thank you
thank you for it yeah I'm gonna have to
get I mean I don't remember if it's
funny or not but I feel like we're
something to watch after the stream was
to talk about stuff what your dreams
do you remember electric dreams electric
dreams 80s movie guy buys a computer
spills wine into the computer the
computer becomes alive mm-hmm and they
both fall in love with the same girl
I don't remember its quality but it's an
old beach kind of movie about computers
nice this this gpiod my graphics card
not coming up I guess what I'm saying is
I'm installing this graphics card right
now is it going in its inch by inch
centimeter by centimeter I'm installing
this right now cuz it's not because it
is never ever coming out again more Oh
bother messages more about oh sorry
Oh bother the rubber dust covers on it
it won't go in oh you can take the thing
off the I know I know I know
thank you a bother remember I was just
putting it down here to make sure the
heat sink
okay worked I know why don't you put
that in before you get the heatsink
you're gonna you wouldn't really want to
get that in when the heat sinks in you
should do the card first oh I am doing
the card first now is what I've decided
okay okay so that right now the card is
in a temporary spot yeah
the card is laying on the bottom now I
will do my heatsink test everybody
settle down
what just the cover still on oh my lord
oh no that's okay everything's fine Joe
it was fine
okay you're doing great for your first
time with a difficulty level of 10 my
first PC is difficulty level one right
either the the fully integrated nearly
motherboard okay it will fit it will fit
everything is gonna fit this is gonna be
fine everything is gonna be fine
okay so now we are going to install the
graphics card so here's the graphics
card you're hurt it looks like you're
dying because this time no I'm just I'm
just looking at like the weird-ass
random fucking heartbeat pattern going
on this thing has been this thing is
smashing against like your heart is
beating in weird ways and slowly that is
so fucked up yeah what do you say about
graphics card you can say anything about
graphics connected you Jiminy Cricket
prick cuz you're supposed to use like
either a practical integrated graphics
card for the simple no but it doesn't
say it doesn't say anything about a
graphics card of course this doesn't
really expect you to use a fancy one
jack that's the same little piece
it's an itty bitty piece they don't want
you to put up a fucking fucking Mustang
cock in there no no no I got a Mustang
why do I just have to double check is
the entire weight of this graphics card
just on these screws right here I think
so that's it
yeah there's nothing that goes
underneath yeah yep well you know I
guess technically the the part that fits
in the motherboard is holding it in a
little bit too oh good is that it Hey
okay now I got a heart again you read
what this particular card says but I
think so well that's honestly that's
what it looks like and that scares me
more than anything
right that's the power okay so this is
the power for it the weight is fine this
isn't okay so this is a thing this is a
thing okay all right I'm doing it but
I'm about to do it rich I'm going to
plug in should call the computer odd job
odd job cuz it's short yet fat that's a
James Bond reference yeah I see you
heathens they get it they get it I think
they were hoping for more pop culture
call the computer Danny DeVito
come on come on come on
there we go okay so now power is in I'm
taking off the rubber thing rubber thing
is off there is so much garbage in here
there is just so much garbage all right
all right okay here we go rich I'm about
to put the graphics garden I'm excited
do you think you're excited I'm excited
will it lift up far enough to plug into
the thing oh my god you Jiminy Cricket
prick come on
just too many cables getting there nope
you lost it and kinda beragon kid over
he did the two he didn't the two GPU
power things right Jack's plan is to
plug the power cords into the GPU after
it's in no it's here it's here pay for
they're plugged in already are you
plenty but the if you see the power is
on the GPU on the outside so I could
wait but it's fine I did plug them in
just in case
use the Force Jack I know Susan of arm
this is tough there are so many cables
directly above Moki v85 says to rec
release the footage of the stream as a
how-to VHS for PC building called how
not to build a PC with the cover image a
PC mid explosion and Jack being thrown
backwards on a tree stand safe oh I like
it the blue button says the blue button
working with the case on its side is
easier for a lot of this namely seating
the graphics card I keep telling Jack
that he has no interest Jack has
absolutely no interest in putting this
case on its go well right up gravity
would be on his side right now what I
have to do in order to get this graphics
card to sit is physically lift up all of
these wires that are here and so I my
hands need to be on both sides of it
Jenny my help huh do you need my help
well I'm what I'm saying is there's no
way to do that with it's on it would you
need me to help with lifting up a corpse
no no it's because it's such a small
space here I'm here I'm not trying to be
a complete jerk you cannot get a hand in
there I know I've got snarky commentary
going on that's cuz we're running an
entertain
that's oh no you're the here for snark
Ridge I just I'd like to give my
reasoning for why for why I make the
decisions I make because there's just so
little room in here
disco king says now this has been
thoroughly enjoyable oh great here's
some of my weed money they're welcome
and that money will go into the by Jack
a new new PC fuck you Jiminy Cricket
prick just letting this happen because
watching Jack try to do this as part of
the entertainment factor for everyone I
just offered my help
oh yeah no and I appreciate that I know
I don't want you to think that I'm being
reverse 9 to you I appreciate all your
help
Krieger seven eight three this is going
to end in bloodshed didn't someone say I
needed to shed blood yeah yeah to
appease the PC gods yeah I think I did
it
thank you please shout a jack go faster
okay oh wait why did you turn oh this
run out of power
Oh somebody said something about
something facing the motherboard PC you
can have two pins facing the motherboard
they still have them oh we just went
over the we just went over the pins you
didn't take the plastic off of the thing
that goes into the motherboard right
I did India brown plastic strip it was
okay and I did it yes
supposedly that is the thing I have to
take Jack's word that it is done right
the deed is done
rich the deed
she be down out of juice Shh
waited my screws go I probably have some
that will work they're pretty standard
there's a black one there under the
cords
is that it yep there there that's that
that's both of æneas okay hold on I'm
about I got the graphics card in that
was far more work than I was expecting
but now I'm kind of holding it up to
make sure it doesn't okay rich yes now I
need you okay so what should I do hold
that up when you screw I'll hold it up
if you can screw these two screws into
here that would be incredibly helpful
it's working huh
yeah my hands are shaking I am nervous
as fuck your heartbeats fucking 70 that
thing's a piece of shit my heart feels
like it's racing
yeah yeah to type I don't wanna make
sure they're decently that thing is
crazy look at that look at how
ridiculous that that's good look at it's
absurd look at how ridiculous that is
really absurd but that's what makes the
graphics happen right that's what makes
the graphics heaven look at look at this
that barely fits I also have just cables
now spewing out of everywhere
all right great it is in we are we are
graphics
great great all right who you know where
it wouldn't just barely fit in a bigger
case it wouldn't just barely fit the
very case yeah okay we're getting there
rich okay we are getting there so and
now I'm gonna do some cable management
and then we're gonna get on this this
motherfucking heatsink and then I think
that's it
which is crazy how far we've come
it's amazing it's amazing it's amazing
so you've earned your PC well I'm
getting you know what we'll see if it
turns on how about that if it turns on
I've earned my PC wings if not that's
only half the fucking battle that's all
I'm caring about at the moment all my
current concern is is whether or not it
will turn on we can deal with with
booting and overheating later installing
windows sewing windows all that bullshit
I will deal with later quietest ninja
says put this towards having Best Buy
Geek Squad come out to fix this for you
that's not funny
Kawai doesn't in jail I know who you are
there's a little place that actually
fixes pcs near me that decays system I'm
gonna bring this over there they're
gonna say what the fuck
it was far more difficult because you're
ramming a Mustang dick into Pikachu's
ass I know all right all right
shoving cables reminds me of a contest I
saw it QuakeCon one time where two pairs
raced to build a PC the winners were
done in a little over an hour
what are we got now we were going at 11
o'clock you're fine what's going on 11
o'clock oh shit shit that's okay
no it's gonna be fun it's gonna be fine
okay
just remember to get the right drivers
for your video card yep yep yep okay
here it is it's time rich for the
heatsink it is time for the heatsink
maybe no a CPU is properly in the
motherboard CPU is properly in the
motherboard motherboard is mounted and
the power cables are going into the
motherboard properly we just took care
of that yep the fans are definitely
plugged into the motherboard right the
one fan that's in there now this one
that is plugged into the motherboard yes
video card is in video card is plugged
in mm-hmm
hard drive is mounted with the power
plugged in and the other cord that goes
the SATA cable go into the motherboard
and it's got the power cable right what
we didn't forget the power cable on the
hard drive hard drive has the power
cable okay we're going through the
checklist this is the checklist
absolutely RAM is installed RAM is
installed
okay okay there's one more bit of cable
management that I have to do this wily
fucker over here Geek Squad I mean
obviously if I need it I will call Geek
Squad of course excuse me I built my own
PC and and I think I broke everything
the GPO has the power plug didn't Jack
did that before he had in the PCI slot
the GPU has the power plugged in right
here you can see the GPU has its power
plugged in it's obviously in connected
to the motherboard you know by it being
in the motherboard so that's all good
this let me just double check that that
gives us enough room many the workings
is the very king says the Varrick I
think it's Manny the very king many the
very King says Harare
later tonight on the local Milwaukee
Craigslist a gently used heatsink and a
possibly broken 1070 video card both
autographed by Amos okay this is gonna
work this is gonna work rich are you
putting this on putting this on like
this is the final you're putting it on
for good maybe then thermal paste oh
well yeah yeah oh yeah I just I have one
thing I need to double check here this
is going to
Navarre says I have a hard time deciding
who's the comedy relief here amazing PC
builder Jack or the receipt rich wait a
minute
rich are you being prissy I don't think
I'm being pretty I don't thank you
everyone wants you to wipe off the
processor because you touched it I don't
know if we have rubbing alcohol
honestly hmm I it a little bit is that
gonna make a big difference I don't
think we have all I can check if you
want
yeah I read text see if we have every
alcohol I don't think we do okay that's
fine oh my god Richard dropped his
microphone
am i dying again oh my god I'm dying
wake up feet wake up feet wake up okay
okay so this fan that I just took off is
able to come off and if you see here the
heat sink has these holes in it because
I need to screw it on to the mounts and
so I need to take the fan off the fan is
very easy to install back on so I'm not
worried about installing it once it's in
but just to make sure that's just well
it'll be a slight pain in the ass but I
think it's more important that this is
screwed on properly just plop the blob
in the middle and it'll spread when you
push it against the eat it yeah yeah it
does look like he has the Fonzie thumbs
up pros pose I am still building this PC
I am still yes PC I think you may be
having premature ventricular
contractions based on your heart monitor
I don't know what that means
I can't mount the fan on the outside of
the sink because I don't there won't be
room or there could be I don't know
actually
maybe but I think it'll work better on
this side you can mount it on either
side you can mount it on either side so
you still have all confidence I'll
bother even though we almost ruined
everything like seven times
rich is looking for rubbing alcohol
because I was touching my processor the
the processor in the middle there I'm
not going to touch it now I I was I
touched it to make sure there was no
plastic on it
and apparently touching it was a really
bad idea people don't like it that it
touched it it means gonna die um you
want firm downward pressure with your
thermal base okay you're right you're
right here is a situation in which we
want the case to be down you're right
you're right you're right you're right
you're right there's alcohol here but
rubbing alcohol is the question is there
rubbing alcohol my fingers are not
covered in KFC grease I'm sure it's fine
the link to my case this is a Leon Lee
pcq ten case
and I think it's rather lovely things
rather lovely case appreciate that Jack
keep it up stand up for the benefit of
the audience of the whole film right
yeah I'm sure it's fine and I just show
us a close-up of the CPU I really
believe that there's plastic on I
couldn't see mine in the first either
I'm gonna say a hundred percent I'm a
hundred percent sure that there was no
plastic on the CPU
I'm at just double I double triple
looked Jake I think you need a water
cool I looked into the water cooler the
only problem is the water with the water
cooler is they wanted the radiator to go
on top of the case and I didn't like
that but I looked at that there's a
there's a nice Corsair water cooler that
everyone has been raving about and
looked easy to hook up but it and a
little more expensive than the heat sink
I got and then I got a big radiator on
top so hey no stinkin you and I don't
write I don't think I need it so no one
needs a water coolers well I may have
some people do if they're overclocking
but I don't think I don't think I need
it end
it's gonna be fine I'm waiting for rich
rich is looking for rubbing alcohol I
don't think we need it I don't think we
need it I don't think we need it
I don't think we need it
we're gonna we're gonna get ready for
thermal paste
it's almost thermal paste o'clock it's
almost thermal paste o'clock premium
premium grade we got the good shit here
we got the good shit I feel my heart
this is gonna be fine as well I agree
what you need is a new case you're gonna
say that you're gonna you know you're
gonna keep saying that and I'm gonna
build this lovely lovely PC and it's
gonna all gonna be fine and it's gonna
look great and I'm gonna love it this is
premium this is premium grade thermal
paste right here knock to a premium
grade a thermal paste holy moly I think
it's gonna be fine rich I think it's
gonna be fine I'm not worried all right
let's do this let's do this Rockefeller
Rock Me Amadeus I believe is what you
want to say no do it a rockefeller
Rock Me Amadeus that's a whole different
thing that's a better thing okay so do I
put the paste on the processor or on the
core or doesn't that matter I guess it's
just thermal paste what I put the paste
you put a a dab the size of a piece of
rice in the middle of the processor the
size of a piece of rice slice the size
of a piece of rice you don't smush it or
anything just piece of rice then when
you put the cooler on yeah it'll spread
evenly okay they're dead center of the
processor
do I have let me just make sure I have
my screwdriver h1 21 says short grain of
rice
none of that Jasmine shit fool
okay I am prepared oh wait now I just
wanted to make sure that this will work
this will work okay short grain of rice
I can practice a lot in here I can
practice once right not on the processor
like on this desk gargling
yeah so it's like mm-hmm see now now I
need my heart monitor but who knows how
it's gonna be registering because I'm
standing up and walking around should be
as large as the pointless argument over
thermal paste application measures yeah
that's good yeah here's my test here's
my test rice okay it looks like a mouse
took a dump that's perfect that's
perfect directly on the center of the
processor here we go here we go
everybody
I'm waiting to hear oh god Mouse dump
sized put my first looking piece of rice
ever you said it didn't have to be that
Jasmine shit that's what you said jesus
take the wheel
what the fuck I was almost a disaster
everybody I I was trying to get a better
lean on where this was and I must have
I mean down the table is what happened
huh oh it's from Jai's office it's just
a tiny HDMI monitor that I can plug this
into how's everyone like my shirt
everybody it's fine I leaned on the
table I leaned on the table to get a
better vantage point of lining up these
screws and I almost fell over but I
caught myself but I also knocked over my
microphone and the camera the computer
is fine the heatsink is fine everything
is fine how was I guess I can just go as
tight as I can on this right that what
the fuck should be the new donations
like what's the rule on how tight I go
with this heatsink just as tight as I
can
can I have the heatsink directions
put the fan on the heatsink first know
that I couldn't get the screwdriver in
there so I can put the fan on okay after
we already went through that gently
tighten the screws until they stop don't
use force tighten the screws until they
stop okay I just needed confirmation
that I'm supposed to tighten these
screws until they stop
it's gonna be fine
this is gonna be great I love how this
looks I want to let you know yeah the
inside of that I can't wait to see it
when it's done
oh my god wait sure it's gonna be
fucking glorious tighten the screws down
evenly that's what I'm doing I'm good
that swai I hope you and it's by hard
for you guys to see but I'm going back
and forth on the two screws and just you
know a couple screws here a couple
screws there there we go okay now let's
take a look at this and I'll get the fan
on ah many devera King says check since
you were dying according to the heart
would you like to decrypt now or
defibrillator nice sorry I had to nice
okay I gotta say that looks amazing
doesn't it all the hassle and the
nightmare and the bad dreams that will
haunt me and we're gonna have a glass
case here so you can see all on mmm like
a pasta like a pasta fazool okay now
yeah I get the fan back on which is okay
do you have room to get the fan plugged
into the motherboard yeah that's right
here on top all right right here it's
alright alright that that is a very very
good question wrench valestra says five
dollars for knocking over the mic and
giving us four we're fine we're all fine
here now thank you how are you are you
alright okay I had the fan the fan arrow
is facing the correct direction
no it's fine that's man are you putting
fire I guess yeah yeah well I could I
probably have room to put the fan on the
outside but then it won't look as cool
right jack but whatever works for you
men and it wouldn't look as cool Jack
are you sure you put the fan on the
right orientation yes I will and as soon
as I get it clipped on here I will show
you and verify I will verify what's the
rule what's the skepticism rule double
check and verify jack knows what's
important what what looks cool yep
absolutely you guys know that's what
this bill is all been about for me fan
inside will work better you don't want
it right up against the side of the case
yeah and you knew that you put this
together yes that's that's why I got
this particular model Oh God rich this
looks great so to to to verify my work
you can see here hopefully you can see
here the arrow is pointing this way so
it will blow against the eating that way
also just look at how awesome that looks
from above I am gonna be so upset if
this doesn't work don't worry even if
you're outside fan is ugly we all know
your inner fan is beautiful I know my
outside fan is ugly and that is might
pain me but I don't care find it's a
slimmer one sure I don't know their
subject absolutely slide it right in why
did it slip it in slip 'ti dude ah and
now we're gonna plug the fan in and I'm
shaking a little bit because I'm very
excited
and and and I am James it says de James
did Jack plug in all the jumpers from
the case into the motherboard if not
this is gonna get good I hate to break
it to you but he did I did I did thing
we don't know that he did it right that
is yet to be seen
thanks rich you're right I mean you're
right you're absolutely we don't know we
don't know if I did it correctly in
Renville says I guess it's confirmed
that God is an asshole because literally
one second before all hell broke loose
rich ass for Jesus to take the wheel up
you did that's true it's true one of
these cables keeps slipping out mostly
because I keep futzing with it let's
hope you don't have a dead Ram stick oh
yeah everything could go wrong and with
a case like this I'd have to remove the
fan yes in order to do it yes to change
my RAM I will need to take out you do
not have an upgrade friendly PC that is
true that is that is true all right ok
ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok um last
little bit I'm just gonna kind of smoosh
some of these cables together here to
make sure that I can get the cases back
on and then we can start putting the
cases back on how
so are you done I think I'm done
is that weird feeling well you know it's
weird because I'm not a hundred percent
sure but I believe I'm done flip the
power so oh god you flip the power
switch on wait he's lying on her a
circle on oh you can't get at that oh my
god
this power switch oh my god that is so
fun there's a power switch here yeah but
the water yeah I know but that's you get
at the power that's oh wait Wow what's
on what where's my hat is lying on or a
circle on here's what you do I've never
I've never done I got the matter yeah I
suppose we should do that first so your
PC has prolapsed prolapsed rich my PC
has a prolapsed famous Oh God desktop
out here look what today I'm just having
a desktop audio Oh something's gonna get
real loud real quick oh here we go
you must have hit the Wow Wow
sorry for anyone if things got really
loud did you see that or did someone
complained no I just I saw as it was
going out good weren't playing any noise
so okay here is the power cable I'm
gonna I'm gonna unhook myself from this
and I'm gonna unhook myself from a hard
well okay we need a little the circle is
off circle is off yeah the the eye one
is on okay the zero circle is off all
right
it is on
much like Donkey Kong oh that's a nice
tool I'm gonna keep that Jack is Jack is
unplugged from the case
I'm unplugged from the case so I'm gonna
be very careful about touching and he is
going to test it before me before
putting the case back together that's
what I'm doing I'm clearing a path for
me you guys have no you have no idea how
much garbage is around me at this very
very moment the answer is so much nope
nope I'm gonna be smart make toe monitor
my toe monetary rich yeah it's on my toe
no take it off it's not working anyway
look at it doesn't I made it this way to
monitor on I'm not gonna take off now
oh but actually I need you to get me an
HDMI cable I need you to give me an HDMI
cable here's a tiny TV don't have a
spare over it might be in the drawers
behind your computer plug it like a vlog
of water put this right I'm gonna put
this monitor right here in front of you
guys so you will know right away whether
we fail or not it's gonna be take off so
milder it's gonna look like I'm dead
hold me on the inside
well it served its purpose yeah I'm
gonna turn all that stuff off turn it
out turn it all this stuff all I got
everything's fine okay i'ma buy about it
wait till I get back
oh man to do some dumb stuff I'm about
to plug in the computer yeah there's the
tiny TV that will prove whether or not
we uh I think Oh turn I'm turning off
the hard time whatever rich yeah the
heart ammeter is officially turned off
I'm now going to plug in my computer all
right here goes nothing
tell me if it starts on fire turn on oh
wait it's not hooked up to the thing is
oh that's not that's not an HDMI which
one's HDMI
that's not an HDMI there we go
all right it's a tiny TV power how does
it just turn on oh great
alright ready yeah I'm gonna hit the
button
