Feb 7, 2016
XCOM 2: War of the Chosen
https://www.twitch.tv/video/57944055
https://www.twitch.tv/video/57945079
https://www.twitch.tv/video/57946597
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rpwyg0SbW90
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43qIhXDdhyI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JtiSScX78Y
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/696422533461987329

[Part I]
rich I don't know how to play that you
son of a bitch
hi everybody welcome welcome to super
awesome Super Bowl Sunday we're here
we're here to play it's all happening
rich left me though just you just left
me and so now I'm just here the
previously recorded XCOM halftime show
better be fucking good I paid scalper
big money for these tickets I'm sorry
welcome to the superb owl stream we're
very excited to play XCOM 2 I've played
it a little bit rich hasn't played it at
all yet rich in instead of playing XCOM
2 he had a day off yesterday and he said
he was gonna play XCOM 2 you know so he
could you know experience it himself
before the stream instead of doing that
he played more Dragon's Dogma
oh man look now our green screen is all
effed up again we had this green screen
perfectly set up and then because rich
ran out of the room it's all messed up
now hold on I'm gonna fix that
okay I fixed it Richie Rich is here
he just left he said he's like we're
gonna start streaming now and I said
okay and it goes okay ready go and then
he ran out of the room so I'm just here
now
by myself I'm not gonna play XCOM 2
because I am an embarrassment I'm an
embarrassment to the resistance to the
whatever we are in this game what's up
everything's fine okay
what happened at the very last minute I
realized I needed to go get a soda and
I'm gonna turn up the heat and use the
restroom just right where I started the
stream I remembered all of these things
I needed to do okay before we go before
we start already forever well I did do
quite well playing Helldivers after a
while I my I did extremely well after a
while yeah that first dream was
literally my first hour with the game
yeah that second stream was a little bit
better it was and then I became a
complete Helldivers badass have that
here's here's an indicator if anyone has
played X come to yet here's an indicator
of my level of XCOM I'm playing on
rookie because I am a rookie and I died
on the second mission after you know
there's a little tutorial mission and
then on the second real mission all of
my squad got killed and I just restarted
the save that's how that's how bad at
tactics Iams extremely bad it's
extremely bad well I don't know I don't
know maybe X come to is different maybe
ex-con to will kick my ass I'm Ricky
I'm not a big strategy person that's all
let's turn the game you could have
turned the game on at least so they
could hear the game audio but I'm not a
big strategy person yeah I'm more of a
you know fly from the hip try to try to
you know dodge my way around and I'm
more of a spider-man well you do that
slowly I'm a spider-man
you can dodge your way around slowly is
it pause between each dodge there you go
there you go Jack I'll get it I'll get
you know what it took me a while to get
FTL to yeah but I will get there I will
get in the mind space of X come to it's
just gonna take me a while and so I'm
hoping that rich shares with us today
some of his immense tactical knowledge
well I don't know I don't know how much
this is gonna come into play an ex-con
to I don't know how different this is
going to be III I have not gone out of
my way to absorb every bit of
information that's out there okay I just
I was gonna let it come to me when it's
done
yep good why why hype myself up for
nothing that's right steel four five six
you put it very correctly I am more of
the act now think later kind of guy I
don't think that was a compliment huh I
think that was a compliment
no I don't think it was a compliment I
also think it's very accurate I usually
think about things after I do them but
while I'm doing stuff I'm I'm I'm just
full steam ahead so how's everybody
doing today what's going on today rich
anything anything interesting going on
today here's a funny story here's a
funny story about rich guy text rich
this afternoon like I always do on
streaming days and I said hey you know
I'll probably come and get you around
5:00 we'll start around 6:00 and he's
like ok that sounds good and I came to
get him and as we're driving to the
studio I'm like oh you know what I'm
really happy about today rich I'm really
happy about all of the police presence
that I've seen on the streets I've seen
a lot of police officers out on the
street and I think that's really good
for today and rich goes what are you
talking about I was the big police Oh
what's going on I think please place
that today and I said oh you know
they're probably making sure that for
drunk drivers cuz today's Super Bowl
Sunday and they don't want people out
drinking and driving and my response was
the sue
today I had no fucking idea no fucking
idea so here we are having our XCOM
stream yep on Superbowl Sunday during
the fuckin Super Bowl I believe the
Super Bowl is happening right this very
moment Oh rich can you tell me who's
playing in the Super Bowl no no no yeah
the Broncos I think and somebody no no
because the Broncos they beat the
Patriots of New England right right oh
oh and you might be noticing we think
we're having some video issues rich
usually because usually we have all the
lights on in here you know so you can
see as clearly you might also notice
that there might be some weird green
screen stuff rich wants to play it with
mood lighting he wants to make sure that
he absorbed XCOM - with all I could not
do X come - under those harsh
fluorescent lighting conditions I would
I refused oh I really like these how we
have these lights and I think it's okay
but I think that's making the web I
think that's making the webcam that we
use act a little wonky so it might look
like we're a little laggy but everything
should be fine um shinty 999 says I
still remember that stream when you guys
said hunker down about 375 times I'm
going to get to actually playing it
shortly is one other thing a lot of
second there's one other thing we're
gonna talk a chat for a little bit
before
XCOM came out yesterday right XM 2 came
out Friday is Sunday this is gonna be
the first time I've actually played it I
didn't play it yesterday I was telling
them that before you how you're telling
them love you got you wanna you didn't
want to stream your first playthrough
this fucking but as far as my not
playing it yesterday uh-huh
it was like I was in the middle of
Dragon's Dogma and I was like mine is my
day off
mmm yesterday we'd done a lot of filming
and shipping yeah but not lately
damn and it's like ex-con - is out
I put I'm in the mood for Dragon's Dogma
that should tell you a lot about the
ocher RPG that could it's really weird
because I I know intellectually that
XCOM to all XCOM has to do if it's if
it's as good as XCOM 1 or god forbid
better god if it's if it's one of those
two things this is gonna be one of my
like like top 5 favorite games of all
time sure this one to top maybe the best
maybe the top I never I never I never
ranked my favorite games right but XCOM
would be up there ok
so you'd think I'd be chomping at the
bit yeah oh my god good do it I'll get
to it just felt like a little more
Dragon's Dogma you know dragon dog
laughs ok that's gonna go away soon I'm
gonna forget about it yeah and XCOM will
be forever you heard it here first folks
XCOM will be forever if we've learned
anything it's that I am a patient man
alright I'm gonna start this game
that is the first time I've seen
anything um new game load game
multiplayer options character pool an
exit to desktop now character pool is
new to me I don't know a character boys
do you do you actually add characters
before you start the game no you know
when you make your characters there is a
little option to add two character pool
Oh import characters click on that
button see what happens I was I get
really excited for a second when I saw
import characters because I assumed it
meant import them from X come one huh
oh I think and that would have been
great I think it's an easy way to share
characters that you've created
ah for a second I thought I was gonna
get two important X come one characters
that would have been awesome
that would have been fucking awesome
Shaddam friday Shaddam a friday says hey
dudes it's midnight here in the UK and
dammit I have to work tomorrow
any news on doing a year
centric streams in the any anytime in
the near future and go fuck yourself
well if I do the Super Bowl was today it
would have been today the Super Bowl has
no impact on my life and so I just
assumed this was another this was
another like Sunday this is another
Sunday for me that's all it is they can
only pray that most of our normal normal
fans don't give a shit about the sports
ball sports that's all I could do sports
ball it's today is just another day
everybody I'm gonna you know what it is
soon we will do it soon is what I'm
gonna say I'm gonna look at Wednesday
actually no commander difficulty really
to start off yeah fuck fucking rich
Evans it not Wednesday maybe next Sunday
what's happened to next Sunday I don't I
don't play regular rocks calm and
anything under commander
well classic is what they call it see
they change the name which is weird
maybe next Wednesday up you know what
let's tentatively sure it says legend a
longer game with no margin for error
only significant challenge for
experience XCOM 2 players only you
haven't even played next time - fuck it
fuck it you know what here's what I'm
gonna say for you
I always like a thin man fuck you
position you were right
State Treasurer sixty Seconds
now
what is your problem what is your
problem
nothing and why would I be playing
watching Super Bowl when I could do this
right you know oh no and I like I'm my
problem is I mean I know how much you
want to watch this and like the jackass
in me is just like Oh poke the bear look
at that bears having a great time I
would just poke the bear that's like a
little bit like V which is a good thing
I fucking love V classic V no don't know
much about new V right alright move here
and I and you know what I've already
played this so I've already seen the
cutscene so how often do you see I'm
gonna watch the cutscene every time I
play the game yeah yeah okay how often
do you see me smile how often does that
happen
genuinely smile yeah genuinely smile no
no it doesn't it doesn't don't shit my
braid Jack never know I got shit on my
parade I remained quiet during that
whole cutscene you're welcome you're
very welcome I remained quiet during
that whole cutscene you did very good
yes I know and it's neat you know like
of a story wise into the game it's I I
can only imagine like like Richard
stated before you know it's it's gotta
be tough if you won XCOM won you know
it's like well you didn't you didn't win
it
oh I wonder if this is different because
you're playing on a harder difficulty
when you play on a lighter difficulty
you have um stealth maybe they haven't
gotten to that part yet
oh rich is there where you can pause and
turn on subtitles why'd you keep it over
by you hit escape yes we can do that
sorry for not having subtitles on you
are right chat thingy yep oh yeah from
earlier kay is 87 says I can't believe
you guys spent another 100 hours off
stream finishing the witness and all its
alternate solutions so you could get the
secret ending number 2 really appreciate
you guys uploading it hopefully everyone
enjoyed that yeah that's part of hard
work we've been doing lately
absolutely absolutely
Jack Jack was playing the game he
noticed that a puzzle had like a weird
alternate solution oh my god well you
know we are playing the game and you
Dwemer Metal Gear thank you for that tip
we really do appreciate that have
subscribed this year but have been
watching since Space Station since uh
space game station please consider this
my back taxes love you guys
watching your videos has helped me a lot
through hard times well thank you Dwyer
Metal Gear and Sean also says the real
question is why is anyone watching the
Superbowl when they could be watching
this the stream is even better than
getting a cute picture of biscuit just a
little bit better thank you so you were
saying what we're talking to you well
you know you you you you you some like
cryptic reference in the game it's like
a specific monitor that they used to
make like like seven years ago yeah they
stopped manufacturing and and I you know
you thought maybe you should play the
game with that matter I thought you're
you're just nuts but you track the down
or Ebay that that special monitor
and then you're playing the game then
you realized one slight hit that monitor
or a certain way you saw a different
pattern in some of the puzzles in the
game if you use the old the old CRT
monitors the tube type monitors it
actually registers RGB values the red
green blue values at different levels
and so if you position an old tube
monitor just right you can see all of
the alternate puzzles for the witness
and that's how we got that second secret
ending amazing it's amazing the depth of
that game the depth of it ok save and
exit actually one of our graphics
options here hi all hi hi depth of field
bokeh Oh
bouquet bouquet depth of field boo boo
cat I'm assuming that's good yes that's
a good or just say good or bad game
that's a really shake good or bad depth
of field that that's like yes that's a
very shallow depth of field okay that'll
make things in the background to look
very blurry things in the foreground
look very crisp okay it's a photography
term not to be confused with bukkake
which is not a photo I guess it's a
photography term this is what
concealment is this new or random okay
actually those equations start with a
squad and concealment use concealment
set up ambushes any of your soldiers are
spotted all of your soldiers lose the
benefits of concealment huh
okay yeah hey guys just subbed for the
first time says two bad cats long time
our LM fan my fiance has been
binge-watching the best of the worst
sounds like a hell of a fiance out
slightly that too bad cats that's a
keeper right there
yesterday she called out rich Evans his
name during sex should I be worried no
that's no natural response it's in
listening to rich Evans it can't be
helped you should can't be helped they
can't help it you should be grateful
that all she did was call out his name
and some percentage of men straight men
mm-hmm I don't get it it's you you have
your pheromones about your pheromones
they go through the screen I have never
cheated so I think you're safe
go now gobbledygook hey guys there's
another game that starts off with an
alien invasion it's a little-known title
on the ps4 called DC Universe Online and
it's free you fucks no I see that
and it's very funny it's very it's very
very funny and I approve and I hope this
just turns into a thing god with a
goatee appreciate your running game and
we appreciate all of you guys I'm glad
that you're spending some time with us
on Super Bowl Sunday I know I don't I
just don't care about football I don't
understand it so hopefully we'll have
some fun well place Mexichem too once we
get into the meat of it so once you go
into that red area that's when that's
wants me to hit Enter though or press
ENTER to shoot or which I'm pressing the
mouse button it's not letting me well
you have to go down and press them I
guess you have to do it on the phone
down there like I mean look I don't know
what they've changed so apparently they
haven't changed it
no it doesn't help I need to remember to
bring my special mouse so I can set up
my quick keys yes the way I would like
them yes yes normally normally fire is
my thumb yeah hits that one button mmm
gotcha
leftover beefcake the witness video was
brilliant now can we get Jack or rich to
strap a GoPro to their heads
so we could have a first-person view of
best of the worst
oh nice you'd be very bored but yeah we
could do that I'm glad I'm I'm glad you
guys like that witness but you know like
its it's not witness footage it's it's
game play Game Capture that's the thing
about the witness video we just captured
that right from the game anonymous says
watched your Dragon's Dogma review glad
you liked it too how far did you get
into this story I think it gets pretty
good and unique halfway through
did you go to bitter black island it's a
bit dark Souls issue I spent a little
time on bitter black island and had some
fun there it was good combat but you
know I got a little repetitive how far
was story wise have you made it into
Dragon's Dogma um about to meet the Duke
but I've really just I've enjoyed
exploring the world and doing side quest
so and I've haven't paid any attention
to the story I've just been wandering
about so because I don't care about the
story do we not have grenades I think
not for the tutorial now all right well
I guess I have to take a look sure
stupid shot yeah I think this is all pre
canned stuff yeah I'm getting such a V
vibe from this and that is not a bad
thing at all mmm-hmm you've talked about
V before in relation to what I don't
remember a good quality science fiction
that could be that's underappreciated
that could be that could be
Oh No Ana Ramirez was killed and I
couldn't do anything about it cuz it's
the do toriel watch your flanks rich and
it says the Cora according to them you
are not very far in the story at all for
drag you know he's rich has really been
doing all the side and he hasn't been a
concern I like enjoy walking around I do
in fighting monster that is the meat of
that game just don't pay any attention
to sir just walk around find places I
found I found a cyclops fighting pit
have you found that yet no not the funny
pit and fuck fuck ton of cyclopses
though it's a group of goblins running a
Cyclops fighting pit it's great
I've actually restarted a couple times
because I wanted to remake my pawn ok
spec it differently yeah like this sure
Ana Ramirez equals Earth's greatest hero
central reporting in looks like he's
wearing eyeliner did you know about
hybrids or was that not a school look at
it
well maybe it's strategical eyeliner
whoa
keep your eyes peeled fire on anything
that moves
over watch
I heard you guys like XM rich really
likes XM I think rich is only a couple
hours away to being a thousand hours and
XCOM according to actually according to
one of your steam friends I think you
have like seven hours I'm not at all
shocked right I'm not at all shocked yes
the angle I know I'm kind of like oh my
okay that's neat rich did you know that
there's an item that you can buy that
lets you change the appearance of your
pawn at any time uh not so you get to
the new game+ and I didn't know that at
the time wasn't just the appearance it
was like the specs sure sure Oh tiny
Birds tiny Birds
I was leveling up a fighter mmm and then
I decided you know what I'm gonna I'd
rather do ranged so that wasn't that far
into the game at that point
sure said I'm up with a ranged arrange
journal and then I noticed everybody's
fucking pawn online was a female mm-hmm
and I figured fuck it for variety I'm
gonna remake it again I'm just gonna
make some big Viking dude even even if
the the like fighter pawns aren't this
may be as effective sure
or is versatile I don't know the word
I'm looking for is I really liked my I
had a big dumb male pawn too and he was
a fighter and I loved it because I was
arranged and so I would pop arrows from
back and then my fighter would take care
of it it worked out really fantastic
young sister toriel its tutorial yeah
you're gonna be flanked are you are you
stupid
hey Jack and Rich Deadpool is getting
good reviews I honestly believed it
would be awful I've heard good things
about Deadpool I have I know they
released the embargo ridiculously early
the embargo is lifted already which
probably means that they thought it was
good enough to let people start talking
about it now I'm excited I'm trying not
to get too excited because I like
Deadpool as a character this is new
hacks yeah you can hack the door
I like Deadpool and so I'm hoping it's
good I'm trying not to get - I'm trying
not to get my hopes up is I guess my
point that worked out pretty good for me
with Star Wars I tried to play it
neutral play it even and I was I was I
was exceeding expectations were exceeded
and so I'm going Samer with Deadpool
middling expectations
we're getting cutscene e we can't talk
too much right now
I actually liked that bit that's a nice
character but we can have great we can
if we rewire the access panel we can the
fuck it assuming this guy is the new
Bradford who's Bradford the military guy
on the base who didn't really go on
missions ah
all right you'll see rich have you
thought your thoughts about the new
heavier thoughts about the new doom
changed as new info has been released
such the game as being more colorful now
the new trailer looks very do like and
awesome I would have to actually see
this new info I'm completely unfamiliar
with any new info that's come out so we
will at very least when when new doom
comes out we will add very least be
strip oh yeah it's very least I'm
checking it out yeah we're so we will
play it don't hate chat rich don't like
a chat song a chat yep chat rich is
playing this for the first time don't
let him let him experience this story
just this guy no wants to let us know
that Dragon's Dogma review was great I
hated it
the game I assume but did spend like an
hour beating the ever-loving shit out of
NPCs did you get Thoris I think I mailed
it to the prereq at rlm it's fucking
brutal yeah oh I think we did get that I
think we did get that thank you that's
the game I think that you said that rich
would really like turn-based tactical
stuff like that I don't know when we're
gonna get to it but I believe we did get
it I slowed down cuz he's carrying the
guy yep so I can end up being the
volunteer from the last game something
weird who's that I don't know where the
volunteer is you'll see
we need an immediate evac get us out of
here
oh you place your own evac zone yeah
yeah I know that's different okay press
yeah
P okay okay that was teamwork you just
saw a little bit of teamwork actually I
clicked another thing yeah I think I did
oh no I press P
go go to the thing you know they have
its story the score is playing you have
to hit that no hurricane we haven't
gotten to that part of the story yet our
jerks actually trying to spoil
XCOM - for me no no you'll see in a
second they're just confused about where
we are in the story we just started the
story well but they like they just got
in and so they're yeah it's fine
everything's fine rich just don't look
at me chat
what what
everything looks neat I do believe that
thing had something that could have
resembled tits yeah
let's get on with it
just like 20 years ago
no idea what was coming from the
cerebral cortex prepping for cranial
intrusion
I've managed to identify the connection
preparing to make final incision these
readings are getting really erratic of
course they are these implants were
never designed to be removed we are
risking severe no plan B here people do
it
stabilizing the guy who that was yeah he
looks nothing like
wait commander no commanders now
preferred where commander did the best I
could
that's Bradford right there otherwise
I'd go see dr. tagging when you're ready
there's some things you should know
yeah they show a little cutback of that
make you feel a little little nostalgic
right there it's supposed to be Bradford
not only does he look entirely different
it's not the same voice is it they they
have that little flashback of Bradford
in front of the big globe thing and I
think that's supposed to be him
that's that's what I assumed and I think
that's what most of the chat assumed as
well
that's what I assumed when I played it
this weekend was the chat sing he's even
wearing a tactical sweater it's
obviously Bradford it's a different
voice actors been 20 years your face
doesn't change entirely no but you know
he's been going through a hard war he's
lost weight he's an older I think that's
Bradford Jack is right
rich it's absolutely Bradford for once
Jack is right right
it is Bradford but it's true he looks
different character models changed
especially Bradford in charge and
everything went to help which classic
Bradford classic Bradford we want to
capture that enemy alive you're crazy
ducting I see absolutely no military
benefit in that action I was a judge the
tutorial mission almost everybody died
plastic Bradford
I would already know the precise nature
of its function
however given time and your approval of
course commander I assure you I will
find out which brings to light an
additional point though aspects of this
facility are indeed impressive I am but
one man for you to direct additional
support personnel and resources to me I
could substantially improve the speed of
all research so I assume this is very
similar to XCOM one where it's just like
this is part of the base building thing
right like he's basically just setting
up like I need you to allocate resources
to me and then you'll go to the next
person and I need you to allocate
resources to me you have to make these
decisions yeah and the black guy wasn't
the first one to die the lady was the
first one to die this isn't a horror
movie it's a sci-fi
I don't need ya zoom in on this stuff
that's not what the game wants you to go
yet all right
what is room in on things I figured
maybe this like a quick zoom oh wait is
this actually in the old base are they
morons are they fucking morons
so yeah you are spoiler alert you are
the same commander from XCOM 1 which is
where I never know it can't be this is
definitely not underground and you've
been captured by the aliens maybe or
something and you had to get a chip in
your head you had a chip in your head
why we don't know whatever
commander compared ly a caret character
come on commander commander no you know
what you've opened up my eyes well
playing Dragon's Dogma I'm talking to
you about Dragon's Dogma you've opened
up my eyes a lot about like you filling
in a lot of blanks and some yeah you
know yeah I think that's a good thing
like so here in the commander you're
supposed to bring your own recommender
story to it all commander looks like
Whoopi Goldberg is slinging drinks
having a good old time hey hey
Guinan all right let's go where they
want me to go yes all right next calm
though so weird well so with the sword
people and you'll learn this later
if you run into an enemy while moving
she'll slash him with the sword yep
which is kind of badass attack an enemy
within movement range of your sword is
kind of badass I know you like your Ford
telegin I like my shotgun you like
thorns another game a next kind of like
shot yes yes I don't want to sword
somebody in the face and XCOM I want to
shotgun them in the face
telegin says you should have a special
prereq where you make mike and jay
review a game i guess or whatever also
since you reviewed Dragon's Dogma you
should really review an Elder Scrolls
game here's the thing for the Elder
Scrolls yeah one of the reasons remember
the major reason I was never to its
first-person perspective right yes it's
also melee focused right because swords
and fantasy I know nothing about it I
don't want a melee from the first-person
perspective it just seems awful I mean I
assume there's magics I hate I hate
mages I always hate them every time I've
ever played a game where it was an
option for a mage class I've avoided it
like the plague okay yeah we could start
up a we could start up a Mike and J try
to play they'll never go for it Mike NJ
try to play game and it will just time
them and see how long they last before
before they say it's done so I have to
go on the mission before they let me do
the character editor well that's nice
yes you do that's nice Caesar well these
are the random E's they don't let you
change the characters first play with
the normies Skyrim can't be played in
3rd yeah Michael won't show up that
that'll be it will tell J and Mike like
just show up for it you know and play
this game for as long as you feel like
like you want to and then Michael just
never show up and J will play for 5
minutes not I'll be every episode yeah
so probably not gonna happen we'll see
see what we can do but probably not I'm
gonna go uh yeah and we're gonna get
some water
oh my god all right I'm going to assume
with the stealth they they have those
red tiles when you are seen right you
can't step on the red tiles and step on
the red tiles and any time you shoot
someone you're seeing obvious so I'm
gonna assume I'm actually safe - - in
this iteration of ex-con maybe I don't
know I'm making that assumption I I
don't know if I did - during this
mission if I'm wrong well then games
should have taught me better yeah agreed
I didn't I did make it through this
mission on my first try obviously it's
the first mission yeah it's very simple
but just to let everyone know even even
silly old me could make it through this
this whole mission is that as much as
you played incidentally what that well I
guess so I made it through this mission
and then I started customizing my
characters and I spent a lot of time
customizing my characters and then I did
the second mission and everyone died oh
well apparently I don't understand the
concealment right then you must have run
into a red square
you must have well that blows
I'm sorry I'm sorry rich yeah and
they're just they're are they're saying
right now don't - you could run into a
patrol what's what good's a stealth yeah
you know a chance to to position all
your people
where's the button to go to the next
soldier hmm why isn't that at the bottom
of the screen work should be I don't I
don't know oh my why old my way so
British it's a very British the the red
tiles only appear when you already see
enemies okay I need to see the enemies
first and then you can see where the red
tiles all right this is these are good
things to learn well I feel like a boob
it's not I don't think it's my fault
ah wait I'm being dumb no I - sure I'm
big exactly as smart as I thought I was
being what setting or theme would you
choose for a blood-borne - I'd love a
I'd love a more a more steampunk II era
I'd love some more Giri type weapons
that did not destroy his cover well why
would the tree glow right if it's not
gonna destroy the cover fuck you
shit
who oh wow then come for something you
got over something right that's
something is Jack shit
I saw some I saw someone make up some
over on the blood-borne subreddit
someone was pimping out their own
concepts for new weapons and for
blood-borne - obviously they're not
official or anything but there were some
really neat ones in there
one one was called the rainbow gun one
was called like the dentist's drill and
it was like a drill sword that looked
really cool anything they want to do
with blood-borne they do they do what
they do I'm in it I'm in a hundred
percent they they now officially no no
no fuck this is going badly
I'm so sorry rich move the wrong fuckin
square you sorry you son of a bitch at
your time son of a bitch one from behind
good cover it out the fucking open you
dumb ass filmmaker freak says what's the
ETA and the next best of the worst I
found this show a few months ago and
watched all of them in a few weeks I
need more we just filmed one a little
bit ago I think you're gonna make that
challenge what
you can do it
part of one of the reasons we couldn't
do a makeup stream last week we were we
were filming one of those I love that
guy I love what a nerd that guy is she
always that guy no I I didn't get that
guy I got it I got three other random
squaddies you got a guy with the glasses
on a receding hairline and he wasn't
hurt there a way to put yourself out of
fire or she's just gonna die because
she's on fire um that's a good question
that's a good question
jack is that a large coffee what time it
is it is a large coffee it's almost
seven o'clock but I need coffee to live
so if you want me to be awake during
this dream I'm going to drink my large
coffee water large coffee into water
what
but they do post there and there is a
drop-down for pre reckon yeah no I mean
pre req is part of red letter mu what
are you guys talking about
it's the red-headed stepchild we're the
red-headed stepchild we are we are
presented by red letter media what red
letter media presents previously
recorded we're gonna hunker down and
hopefully that will that will put fire
out I don't know maybe I could but no I
mean we've talked about this I see a
couple of you talking about this I've
talked about this a lot of times I do
not earn a paycheck from red letter
media you know they don't pay me to be
on best of the worst or anything rich
and I make money off of prereq a via
Slee with your donations and your tips
and your subscriptions and red letter
media and prereq split the YouTube ad
money that's great and so that's how we
kind of pay our pay for our way here and
but but no I just hang out I'm just here
to hang out I get paid in pizza rolls I
do I get paid in pizza rolls
Mike buys me an energy drink every once
in a while which I like
the biskits but my job yeah every star
yes master
it's okay if you restart the mission you
can do it you learn it you know what
you're learning rich you you you didn't
know about the stealth and stealth yeah
ma no my job is video production I
produce videos for corporations for I'd
ever do Stu commercial videos I work a
little bit for funnyordie.com where I
produce comedy videos I'm just an editor
and a video producer freelance that's
where I make my money not changes the
difficulty that was that was two things
went wrong two things well you didn't
know about the stuff I didn't know about
the stealth cover thing yeah I thought I
could run when I apparently I really
couldn't right and I clicked to go
behind cover but for some reason she ran
like like behind the tree we ran right
here okay yeah game grub says there's
this weird assumption that anybody even
moderately famous is making a living off
of it that's true like you know and even
those of us like like I said you know
the money we make through your tips and
through your subscriptions and through
YouTube ads you know it's it's it's a
little bit but I you know rich has his
other job a red letter media I have my
other jobs because that's how it needs
to be because that's how it needs to be
but yeah people think just because like
people watch your YouTube videos we make
enough to make it worth it because we
enjoy hanging out and playing video
games and chatting
no go ahead oh we got a plugin though
hold on everybody hold on everybody
we we figured since that we use this mic
more we would switch we switch out the
cord that was having some kind of weird
issues with not always being connected
right and the mic we use more we could
for right now we had a cord that was
right there so we just moved oh this is
terrible oh I hate it I hate everything
that's a good trick
and just make sure it's in there real
tight that's what she said just to dub
yeah and Jack is standing right in front
of the things I need to see levels
levels check check check check levels
check check check check check check
check check check check check check
decided to come here and do some work
and then sitting here and watch you guys
play video games as opposed to watching
the Super Bowl you know I usually watch
the Super Bowl and yes don't care this
here I've watched like three games this
entire season was it because it's super
dumb am i right rich didn't even know
the Super Bowl was today oh god I was
talking about it when on our way here
and he was like this Super Bowls today
we shouldn't be streaming and I was like
a fucking well not we should win streak
earlier specifically but yeah Jays
invisible we'd have to move the camera
and then the green screen wouldn't work
wait there's his hand Jay would you like
to be on camera
these people know what I look like
everybody knows what day looks like I
don't want to see me anyone else
space camo would like to say Jay that
they finally watched whiplash and it was
fucking awesome whiplash is fucking
awesome well there you go that's a great
movie you know what there you go I
actually want to rewatch that haven't
seen in a while I've rich tried this
mission this is the first mission of the
game and he died he lost well I I fucked
up something at the controls so what's
what's different between this and the
previous one well there's a soul stealth
thing right now it was different and I
literally just this is like the first
real mission I've played so I don't know
yeah I assumed you would have been
playing this the day it came out we
talked about that it came out yeah came
out yesterday yes sir okay it came out
Friday it was still kind of playing
another game
I know I'll have I have eternity to play
ex-con not really because someday you'll
die you won't be playing video they
don't you know they don't have ex-con to
in heaven Oh in heaven they have ex-con
or already so I don't get to play three
nope you don't get to play three Wow
what is cruel three is a little bit of a
letdown so they just this guy you know
thank you for the tip j-just this guy
you know has a question for you
okay why did you cut Jack's ghost scene
out of space cop it was adorable and
hilarious wonderfully live wonderfully
Tara maybe I'll get used to it now we
cut the ghost thing just I don't know it
didn't make us laugh we like the concept
but the execution I don't know we didn't
think it really worked well then out of
the three bits that were in that scene
yeah I won't say it for anyone who
hasn't seen space cop yet that was
definitely the weakest of the bits yeah
I think so I liked the other two were a
lot funnier the concept is funny but I
just I don't know it when we watched it
or like yeah this doesn't really work
hmm and I agree with them I think and
you know you just you got a cut and you
gotta make it go got something he's got
to be 90 minutes yeah I mean it's not 90
minutes what is it it's an hour 42 is it
so it's yeah holy crap and that's that's
cut that's cutting out a lot of stuff I
mean there's stuff that's not even in
like the outtakes and deleted scenes
just little odds and ends here and there
sure sure but yeah that was I was tough
to get that down and still have all the
proper information oh ah I've on mage
says here's some money to put in the
space cop outtake fund I'll take a cut
to fund oh that told them about that
yeah I neck for anyone who didn't hear
last time I nagged Jay for months
to cut a version of space to cut a
version of space cop using only the
worst takes maybe that'll be a fun
project to come back to when I have some
distance right now I don't want to see
anything related to space cop anymore
you're still having nightmares from just
shipping out all the real V on since J
is there this is especially fortuitous
after seeing the witness parody I don't
know what parody are talking about this
just gameplay footage I would like the
second secret yeah that's confusing so
I'm just calling it the third okay our
looks I would like to suggest you guys
do some kind of video tour of the studio
it would be a cool behind-the-scenes
well thank you for the suggestion and
Lord Belmont would like to say hey J I
am surprised you and Mike didn't do a
fuck you with January with movies like
right along to you know we we talked
about doing one and we just didn't have
any ideas that would be different within
the last time sure cuz I did see people
commenting like what are they gonna do
an annual fuck you it's January video
we've only done one designated fuck you
it's January video ever we did it one
last year uh-huh and then before that
there was like a year before that there
was a bit on a half in the bag
mhm and then the year before that I
think is when it originated it was just
something I said awesome yeah yeah so
it's not like it's an annual thing but I
guess people associate it with us now
but we just yeah we talked about it I
don't know we didn't have a new take on
it that we thought would be funny so we
didn't do it I think and that's the
that's a really important thing to keep
in mind like what would you have them do
that would be different than last year
like just list off all the terrible
movies and making some jokes it'd be
like the same thing right we didn't we
didn't feel particularly inspired
sometimes I know I think that's fine you
don't you didn't want to make anything
derivative right terrible monster
clover vibe I'm relatively new here I
have been subbed for months but never
know when you are streaming is there a
set schedule also Wednesday and Sunday
but that's true it's plastered all over
the fucking twitch page it's it's
usually Wednesday and Sunday nights
early I have to get used to fire you had
you have to walk around fire or else or
guys catch on fire and if you follow us
on Twitter at previously reck we we post
the times that we're gonna start each
Wednesday and Sunday also what do you
think is your greatest skill to bring to
our LM rich falling down what kind of
question is that my greatest skill my
greatest skill you're giving us you're
giving us things to chipper using the
time skill very loosely playing X come
to jibber amongst your fuckin selves
okay
I wouldn't what is the skill that you
bring to our own Oh God
I'm very punctual how about that oh my
favorite thing to do was edit mm-hmm but
you bring you bring a sense of
punctuality yes unlike other people who
are constantly late and who shall remain
unnamed I am on time for everything in
life all the time other people who say
are not in this room right now who are
always late I won't say specifically who
but he's not in this room at this very
moment is there a stop drop and roll
button hold on
someone tell rich how to put out the
damn fire rich you can set waypoints you
can set waypoints that's an you can set
waypoints to get around fire how do i
what do i you set a waypoint to have to
donate again no the real VN didn't I
read yours after seeing the witness
parody I read that one too when you guys
gonna finish this oh oh I didn't read
yours I'm sorry the real van X come -
what are you guys going to finish the
witness PS how much did rich have to
drink to fill that bottle with urine
that wasn't rich his bottle of urine
that was in-game footage I don't know
what you're talking about
and no I can't imagine were ever going
to play the rest of the witness didn't
you play the whole thing oh I know we
played the whole thing already we beat
it that's how we got the third ending I
would think that's how you got to the
third ending yeah so sorry I forgot
because they were so mind-blowing
mind-blowing so mind-blowing
you controls when whites are click
control right click while moving control
rich and I are gonna multiplayer this
alright that's what friends are for
control right click while moving and I'm
ready to control if you want to practice
setting a waypoint
no no point now okay second um do you
not reload in this one I do I've been
playing for like an hour and a half a
nurse died
where's the reload button there should
be I should be able to play this I
should be able to play this just with
the mouse because you can do that with
next time one there's nothing well
there's not like a thing on the screen
you can click on to do what you need to
do Oh Oh sometimes I'm way back when I'm
playing as columns you're right lying
down a mouse off to my side maybe by the
keyboard maybe it's in the menu maybe
you have to mess with the menu options
lady maybe a telecon Jay why does
Leonardo DeCaprio suck and when will our
LM by Disney Jay do you think we in
order to Camarillo sucks
I I don't think he sucks I don't think
he's terribly interesting as an actor
and people whenever we give him shit
people were like you guys just hate leo
it's like no if he does a good
performance I'll acknowledge it like I
thought he's good in Django for what he
had to work with but it's still just
more yelling but he just yells he does
like to yell I I don't think he's
terrible I just don't think he's
interesting or worthy of some of the
praise he gets hmm but that's just me I
really like him the Basketball Diaries
did you ever see that oh yeah like he's
done Jim Carroll very old movie yeah
he's really good than that yeah there's
a scene where later in the movie I
haven't seen it a long time but it's
murder the scene where he's like outside
his mom's door like banging to let him
in because he wants money yeah he's just
like crying and he's burnt out and yeah
that's like that's a good scene also
What's Eating Gilbert Grape he's great
man What's Eating Gilbert Grape yeah
which I have not seen since high school
I need to rewatch that I remember liking
it a lot oh yeah also I just remember
like not knowing who he was and thinking
they actually got like a handicap first
I've heard that before I think I owe I
knew who he was before that because he
was on black he's a growing pain groans
that's what he was in critters 3 which
is the best performance so I can never
hate him completely because of critters
3 well there you go but yeah I knew he
wasn't actually like handicapped or
anything sure but I know people that
said that sure I know after of course
everyone knew who it was but I remember
seen that just being like wow yeah
captain skidmarks hi rich Jack and Susan
had a really shitty day but your stream
and binge watching best to the worst
episodes make it better thanks babe
that's the worst is a great show I'd
really like to think that I would watch
it if I wasn't on it I mean I watch it
when I'm not on oh well that's new one
aliens mind-controlled a corpse ooh
so we got zombies die no good of yeah
and Kay Lane he Lane my husband and I
are addicted to your channel
we love your content we recently watched
what's wrong with you we
that's really the question for anyone
that actually watches us are you sure
are you sure
we recently watched a Burnie and liked
it have you seen it right is that the
movie they're talking about could be
what did you think glider moving it's
based on true story I haven't seen it I
don't know too much about it okay
I think it's Jack Black and Shirley
MacLaine okay she's still alive is she
in that movie I think so I haven't seen
it is she still alive
what's happening okay we haven't seen it
then sorry Lord Belmonts Jay have you
seen the boy I've not seen the boy I was
actually curious to see the boy it
looked it looked dumb but it looks like
entertaining dome but I haven't seen it
I loved that girl the girl who stars in
it is in the walking dead oh um lauren
cohan whatever in it yeah I loved her in
the walking dead but uh you know I I
feel really bad that that's her first
like big movie role you know in a shitty
January horror movie but also you gotta
love the premise I like prep you know if
you're gonna be a shitty horror movie
have a premise oh yeah okay this doll
kills people let's go I have a feeling
the movies probably just kind of dull
though yeah but who knows I'll probably
see what it comes out of rent or
something
also it would be awesome for rich Jack
and Jay to play the 7th guest and Oh
until Tom yes oh the real V on don't
don't say it chase here we can't talk
about that
what nothing okay nothing we can't talk
about I can't if that's something in the
chat I can't see the chat from where
it's not in the chat it's in the tips
how can I definitely can't see it we
don't we want we want Jay to find that
owners I'm plotting my murder you want a
to find that on his own you might not
know about that yet I'm guessing I don't
I'm guessing you don't cuz you've never
brought it up okay and I assumed you'd
brought you brought it up should we
I guess we could bring him the real peon
wants to know Jay Jay oh my god um Jay
are you aware that Jack had some
nefarious Easter egg in space captain I
think I was aware of that were you I
didn't think I knew at one point but I
completely forgotten I've never looked
for it I didn't tell you okay I didn't
tell you when in a stream or something
all right I think well I think so yeah
okay I've heard this I have not I kind
of forgot about it sorry I haven't even
looked
oh good then you didn't notice it no I
did not notice it that means I did a
good job of hiding it sir and I stared
at that footage over and over and over
and over for months
exactly exactly so I did a very good job
of hiding it and which may that's that's
the best can't know where it's at know
that Jack doesn't know art that either
huh cat I think some of them have
figured it out hmm I did not do it on
any of the footage I scream okay oh my
oh my god you guys settle down quickly
turn the volume down on that today
because we're getting a fuck ton you
this J is here yeah this is the pros and
cons for everyone is you you need to
decide how much you're going to torture
us with the loud scream oh they're
torturing themselves do they're
torturing yourselves - yeah ragged
scribe Jack you forgot to give my
editing critique on my video oh my god
I'm so sorry record scribe email me
again or maybe I'll look through my
emails again or did you tweet me I
forgot where you send it to me there's
so much I'm terrible email me again
prereq at red letter media calm and I
will do that very very sorry mokey b85
hello prereq and Jay rich this
difficulty level that you are on in XCOM
is equivalent to impossible I'm starting
to realize that I forgot to be equipped
a classic veteran in XCOM 2 is more like
classic mode okay so that might be why
you are failing so hard
I'm not done yet yeah yet
speaking of toner Jack do you know
anything about Twitter changing their
interface have you heard about this
they're not changing their interface
they're changing their timeline
okay is the are you oh yeah that's right
but it's gonna be like an algorithm of
popular tweets or whatever is there
gonna be a way that you know of to like
change that if you want to just have it
be chronological myasu my assumption is
much like when Facebook made that change
yeah they're gonna start with giving you
the option to change it back and then
eventually just take it away completely
oh do Facebook take it away completely
yes I mean use Facebook and so long
neither have I but I know they have
that's shitty I like the simplicity of
Twitter it's shitty for us but it's
really good for when they're trying to
sell Promoted Tweets and advertisement
sure I would like that option though yes
we all want oh my god look at that yeah
the great thing about Twitter is how
simple and streamlined it is I agree I
agree but you know there's no word and
you know they haven't done it yet so no
but ever he's freaking out was it like
hashtag alright P Twitter and all this
shit right hey they got to make their
money this this wonderful free service
that everyone uses they had their money
I mean I get it
Z Goten so have you checked out and man
board yet now I've seen man Berg you've
seen him on board I own manborg I like
those a stir on six guys they're great
also J is the coolest that's not true
that's that's the very true J is the
coolest I should bring man work sometime
you should watch that it's great yeah
but you should bring manborg so like a
you know Rob schrab
right oh I love Rob's right it kind of
some of the style of
job oh yeah like did you ever see
Twitter's holiday that thing he did this
webseries he did kinda like that where
it incorporates some like stop-motion
and all sorts of different like kind of
really homemade visual effects huh but
it's set like a post-apocalyptic future
oh that's an old grave it's neat yeah I
love robot bastard I haven't seen ro oh
wait no I have I seen robot bastard Romo
bastards amazing that's a short film
right yeah I mean very short yeah I
think I saw that a long time ago
yeah manborg probably goes on a little
too long
that's kind of all there this group
asked her on 6 there's a Canadian group
and Canadian they're like a collective
like they do everything together
I'll write you direct whatever sure sure
and everything they've done is always
like 20 minutes too long good stuff in
it
yeah and chat yes I did beat this
mission but remember I was playing on
rookie the easiest difficulty level so
settle down riches which is finding that
sweet spot
anonymous Jay would you play a game
called octo dread a game where you are
the law in a dystopian future and also a
secret octopus well yeah of course that
would be great I would need a good
reason not to play that does that game
exists is that is that gonna be the
sequel to Octodad somebody make it cuz
somebody make that octo cop I don't
think for legal reasons they could call
it octo dread so probably not unless
biscuit but this guy's oh oh that guy's
wrong rich commander equals classic
difficulty also your troops can't reload
when they're on fire I realize that okay
great
I would imagine it'd be hard to focus on
doing any tasks when you're on fire
we're in again
Ginty 999 any plans to review samurai
cop - I think it came out this week I
don't know if that's necessarily on our
radar yeah no probably I mean
doo-doo-doo-doo oh you know what you're
right it's time to it's time to stand up
it's time to stand up what at sitting
for long periods of time and so I have a
little timer to turn that down it's
going off too often it's gonna roll in
the stream for anybody who's just
casually listening this is every 10
seconds because you thought it was funny
well that aspect of it now is funny

[Part II]
a little bit okay so so if you sit for a
long period of time they say it's really
bad for you chair and so we're trying or
trying to we're trying to stand up once
an hour stretch out to make sure none of
our legs get atrophied while we have
these long gaming sessions I see so
thank you for reminding me I will set
the timer again so we can stand up in
another hour okay let's say here
do-do-do-do-do any chances you'll be
playing until dawn keep doing what you
also keep doing what you do and thank
you babble yeah go logging - what baba
yaga wah wah I'm assuming you're only in
a play for a few hours that's a joke cuz
he said you're gonna play until dawn
I said I'm assuming you're only gonna
play for a few hours you're not
nevermind I what I took you to literally
J and I'm very very sorry that was very
funny thank you
you were very funny all the time okay
I started the timer until done it's it's
on uh it's on hour but I do keep an
official list of all the games you guys
have recommended to us to play and it is
on our list
I know it's another one of those horror
games which in general you know that
retired he's super huge fans of so it's
it's not really a priority but we will
see about getting to that also lloyd
beets oh sorry Joshua's hacer it's
pronounced the real Valen I always
sorry real van also please check out the
game Ronan on it it's on the list
already
Lloyd meets Jack Jay rich have you ever
seen the 16 minute short film at World
of Tomorrow by Donna Hertzfeld
it's streamable on Netflix and it's
fantastic oh it is I like down Hertzfeld
a lot that is Donna Hertzfeld a guy that
did the animation he does yeah he does
like what's it called he did the
animation festival with like the the
circle guy or like the black and white
drawings right
yeah what's the name of the one yeah
that's right can't think of the name of
that one but I yeah I like his stuff a
lot the animation festival shorts that I
have not I've seen there's a couple of
his I've seen that coming up on Netflix
more recently like short films I like I
saw that a couple of his are on there
and then there's some other ones have
seen - apparently the World of Tomorrow
is on Netflix okay I will check it out
we will all check it out cuz I like that
john herzfeld and anonymous would like
to donate and said just wanted to donate
because it's driving Rachel a little
crazy Zhang I hate you all I love the
problem you've created for yourself
though rich
I love the don Hertzfeld um he's like
his quote unquote like commercials that
never aired yeah well that's that's the
same as the my spoon is too big right
yeah at the same film well it's not it's
not one film they him and who's the guy
that did beavis and butthead and my
judge might him and Mike judge were
making shorts for a animated short film
festival right and then they collected
them into like one thing and you can
watch the whole DVDs great DVD that
whole it but it's all just a series of
like short animations it has a name and
I can't think of that collection of
shorts they cannot think of what it's
called
I'm sure someone on the channel pointed
out yeah we noticed that we said that
one bable bable a gagaga these are what
your Oh My gods are getting us okay okay
bable bable gamble Agha
Yo Gabba Gabba someone and in the chat
tell us what the name of that animation
did maybe I just got an exit somebody
knows and that put me in a slightly foul
mood okay you got an ex-con bloody name
next company knows yeah I got my ass
kicked twice and Rowan oh sure sure
rejected it is rejected okay cuz it's
rejected commercials that's the idea oh
my god wasn't it called yeah okay
rejected great rich overwatch won't
trigger when enemies don't see you right
you need to shoot the one soldier to
make them run for cover leave the rest
on over I'm just trying to get them
surrounded before I do anything yeah I'm
doing overwatch out of habit if nothing
else rich will get this rich will get
this okay let's see here trashcan
trashcan man will rich and Jack be
playing slappy and silly in the movie
versions of the carers also do you guys
have any plans for commentaries for the
year the live-action version of care
bores is undergoing pre-production right
now and we can't talk about the details
any any plans for the future
commentaries Jay not specific ones but
we want to do more later that we were
just talking about that so there will be
more but no I mean might I suggest the
Care boards a commentary track for a web
video there is one or there was one on
the rlm archive DVD oh yeah and a
commentary track Wow okay
well there you go and that's how you use
overwatch and concealment bitch by
throwing a grenade well I put the I put
two people on overwatch well I'm still
in concealment yeah which won't trigger
if the enemies move because our
concealment except I had someone else
throw a grenade so whenever one want to
scatter the trigger the over watches
that's incredibly clever rich thank you
you see this is why rich is very good at
X come I would never think about
something
that ghosts and goblins no we did not
that was babble abogado and we we we
mentioned the Belgae we mentioned that
donation where are we
eyes on mage no pneumonitis donation
donating to the prereq hearing aid fund
thank you do any of you guys know a
second language or is there one you wish
you knew spanish but really convenient
as here's here's the thing with
Americans and other languages like
Americans usually only speak English
yeah or unless you're unless you're like
from out of the country
yeah then you speak something else it's
because nobody in America lives in your
country where anybody speaks anything
other than English mm-hmm you know you
don't need to learn French or German
when when you live in the Midwest also
if you go to France or Germany they know
English yeah because it's convenient
because you have so many different
languages if everyone knows at least one
yeah but we don't we don't we're such
pricks that we like because we're pricks
it's a matter of necessity we don't why
would you bother learning a skill that
you're never going to use I could learn
French how often my gonna use it right
but Spanish Izu wishes yes
I took three years of Spanish in high
school and I can't speak any Spanish
really the first year I had it it was
the teachers last year teaching I didn't
give a fuck all we did was talk about
South Park sounds like a South Park was
kind of first started so she didn't care
she was on her way out second year it
was the teachers first year teaching
ever and she was a crazy person
oh no well she would do is talk about
being obsessed with her ex-boyfriend and
breaking into his house and hiding in
his closet what she did and then in the
third year we had a teacher that tried
to teach a Spanish but we were too long
gone at that point sure we just didn't
care so I could speak a little bit by
the end of a senior year but that's all
gone now sure I would love I would love
to have the height like if I if I could
go back to high school years yeah I
would love to tell myself like
need to learn Spanish yeah I think I had
a one semester where I learned right at
class teaching German - sure
now I'm over any of that sure there
there's so many opportunities where I
can't interact with someone who speaks
Spanish in very little English and I
would love to be able to communicate
more efficiently with all those people
and you know the we have a large
spanish-speaking population in all of
America so it just wouldn't hurt in
general but some it you know what maybe
maybe I'll try out that I hear that
rosetta stone is pretty good yeah I'll
do that maybe I'll try to learn Spanish
okay ie on mage until dawn
Deadly Premonition in d4 are games which
Jay should watch with you guys well now
that keep hearing about this deadly
premonitions that's the one that people
keep saying is like that's this week's
game they have a cap and now that Jay is
no longer editing space cop he might
come around a bit more but we he's been
working let the man work well they have
accents know about fucking time did they
not have accents no that's really funny
anonymous thoughts on na food of the
gods - do you know that I haven't seen
it I know of it I think it was just
recently released on blu-ray ok but I
have not seen it ok Jay and others have
you seen a resolution from 2012 it's a
horror issue movie about a drug addict
in some Indian Reservation
yes resolution is fucking great so is
their follow up movie spring resolution
is like a way more clever interesting
version of cabin in the woods where kind
of deconstructs a lot of polar tropes
cool it's a lot more abstract in the way
it does it it's not so on the nose it's
really really good cool
and their follow-up movie spring I
rented it like the day it came out on
VOD just because I knew it was the same
guy that made resolution and then BAM my
friend Jeremy's in it that's great I
think I figured out what I'm doing wrong
jack hold on one moment rich I want to
get to that but there's something I want
to read here rich can you give a
shout-out to Erica Longshanks wife Erica
yo Erica is pregnant and is feeling a
little down and would like it and want
to shout out hey you have that kid there
we go
you you wait you wait until after they
have the kid that have the depression
the postpartum depression yeah that's
that's healthy early you're early
the preemie if you get it out of the way
before you have the kid then everything
smooth that's how depression works right
you can choose what do you have it
absolutely okay I'm sorry rich so what
is it that you were doing wrong okay I'm
supposed to just go stealth and
concealment the whole way aren't I
I'm just being dumb I'm so you stacks
com1 there's no real stealth component
the game wants me to use stealth
to get to the thing that's why even
fighting and not doing a terrible job
why I haven't gotten to it I in you in
rookie I thought but you were playing
rookie I played rookie but I use stealth
to get right up next to him and then
shot a whole bunch of bitches yeah but
so I don't know I don't know is I guess
what I'm saying let's see here what
you fucking idiot you fucking idiot what
did he do
Hey look at that he missed that shot he
missed that guy he missed that guy oh
that dick fucking idiot
what a dick
there you go
Rudy dropped something well he dropped a
couple things
dude dude dude but you gotta be cool yep
nerds are useless I mean he is he is
wearing glasses rich your ex cam guy is
a nerd wearing glasses and you're you're
concerned that he is not making shots
Lord Belmont I'm waiting until Jay comes
back to read your comment cuz I know
it's a question for him oh my god
whoop-whoop seem Jay you have a question
from Lord Belmont are you going to start
collecting the 4k blu-rays um I don't
know I don't know a 4k TV I can't
imagine the resolution is that much
greater or worth it but it's pretty
early in the technology so I'm not gonna
say one way or the other sure
I mean VHS to DVD that was a pretty big
leap picture quality and then DVD to
blu-ray is a little bit of a leap like
it wasn't drastic it wasn't like VHS the
DVD was yeah so now blu-ray to 4k like I
don't know it'll be in a slightly
smaller leap even still there's only so
much you can perceive with your eyes as
everyone here in the gaming room knows
our eyes only see at 30 frames a second
anyway so 60 frames per second is
useless for caves useless also are you
aware about the problem digitally shot
movies under 4k like the Avengers will
have they shout themselves in the foot
with digital / film I am not aware of
any 4k digital problems or III know was
it attack of the clones that had some
issue with either what the movie was
shot on or what they rendered out all
the visual effects with something like
that whereas like a lesser resolution
than the rest of the movie is something
weird I don't remember the details of it
yeah guys I was being I was being
facetious of course non there's it you
know PC gaming does a lot of 60 frames a
second gaming yeah which makes the
gameplay a lot smoother and it makes
reaction time a lot smoother and a lot
of consoles can't get 60 frames a second
they only have the same games at 30
frames a second okay and so console
gamers whine often and say but the I can
only see at 30 frames a second so it
doesn't even matter which is a joke do
they all talk like crazy they all talk
like Kermit the Frog or a Lionel from
Parker Park I'll never understand gamers
it's one of my favorite voices
Longshanks you're welcome for the
shoutouts and texaco n' on the subject
of accents does it seem like actresses
are better at hiding their accents than
actors these days just one of those
things i've noticed in recent films and
i you know if you know think about like
someone like like Hugh Laurie oh yeah I
didn't know he was British until like
the third season of the house accent
yeah he's a good American accent or oh
who was it in in season 1 a Fargo he's
very British what's his name
Oh Martin Freeman Martin Freeman yeah
and he's Fargo he's 100% Fargo that's
his name he played the titular carries
not Fargo he's Frodo he's Frodo Fargo
Christian Bale is another one really
glad and hiding his accent I think I
think just good actors are good there's
some really good actors though that have
have troubles sometimes with the accent
sometimes it comes and goes right think
of an example rich messed up again I've
been watching on Netflix just added the
third season of Bates Motel so watching
that and the the dude playing Norman
Bates on that he's English mm-hmm has
come a few times throughout that show
where it slips a little bit especially
when he's angry when he's yelling it
kind of slips out oh oh that's right
daredevil the actor who plays Matt
Murdock and daredevil is Irish oh really
yeah and he you you wouldn't be able to
tell then my favorite actor slept with
with an accent that he's unable to hide
his Arnold Schwarzenegger it's one of
them because you know I like Arnold
Schwarzenegger just is the
Schwarzenegger he's Arnold
Schwarzenegger but then like he'll play
these roles like when in Kindergarten
Cop right he doesn't try and hide the ex
he never tries to hide the accent but
he's always like an American guy yeah
and no one ever questions why this like
Austrian muscle bag is an American cop
yeah I'll
I loved that and it was never questioned
and even the audience members never
questioned it yeah cuz it's Arnold
Arnold's one-of-a-kind one-of-a-kind
never be another famous person quite
like a movie star like him no never
there will never be another
Schwarzenegger and I think only in the
80s could something like that happen can
someone like that rise to that level of
fame maybe when they're so weird but it
was the weirdness that made it happen oh
I know I understand man he's my favorite
is that true Finn of Finn the black
stormtrooper is British oh yeah john-boy
I get everybody's British
I don't know Schwarzenegger is coming I
love that if you guys have ever sold
that from pumping iron from pumping iron
a great documentary by the way why do I
watch the whole thing
oh my god it's I mean it's great Arnold
Schwarzenegger goes on this rant about
how weightlifting and exercising is very
similar to having sex and how when with
that pump the ways it's like I'm coming
it's like I'm I'm losing of the way it's
like I'm coming all over the place it's
good it's great because he he doesn't
mean it in a creepy way but come about I
love Arnold so much yeah uhm
didn'ti my name no matter what your
feelings are about the oscars who are
your best picture
prediction nom what oh now I'm sorry who
what's your best picture prediction Jay
do you have as far as what I I would I
mean I don't care too much but I would
like to see win yeah Mad Max just
because it would be so different of
course and that would be kind of neat to
see because it's rare for any sort of
genre movie to get any nominations let
alone like what does it have 10 or
something like that yeah oh yeah that's
something I think it's not like Return
of the King
yeah but of course that was collecting
all the nominations from all of the
movie right that's like a final payoff
for that whole experience and putting
that thing together right just just for
the sake of yeah something different I
would love for Mad Max to win sure what
do you thinks going to him probably the
revenant yeah
because Lena Caprio eats a raw fish sure
so it wins because it was very it was
very easy to movie to make because I
mean I know they they were there was no
problem shooting that at all it's a very
lazy film yeah very lazy I would love
Mad Max to win as well just cuz it was a
great fucking movie let's see here
I I mean also just nobody should care
about the Oscars ever it's because the
oh I always watch it every year I go to
a friend's house it's gotta become a
tradition yeah group of us watch it
mainly just I don't know because this is
something to watch sure I never really
invested in what wins or anything I'm
always just waiting for the awkward
moments those are the best and something
goes wrong there's a really awkward
speech it's it's it's a group of awards
voted on by only people who are already
in the industry yeah these are culture
it will but it's it's also like an
incredibly unbalanced circle-jerk
yeah where the you know directors vote
on Best Director so these are people who
are already entrenched in the business
talking about who's the best in the
business
yeah there's no objectivity there's it's
I I think it's useless
i-i'll agree that sometimes there's
funny bits and sometimes people talk
when the music plays and that's fun to
watch on YouTube the next day and
occasionally you get gold like like John
Travolta such an that one singers face
in a really creepy way for a long period
of time and mispronouncing uh well that
was the year before she mispronounced
her name yeah and then so the next year
they brought him up on stages ah this
will be funny they'll be on stage
together yeah and they just creepy
touched her face for like ten minutes
yep that's why I watched the Oscars for
stuff like that for body or people
embarrassing themselves clover vibe
here's a $2.00 question what actors
would you like to be in an average rlm
film always sorry what actors would you
like to be in an RL atman film either
embarrass themselves or get the most out
of Oh what so name some actors that you
would love to work with in a film that
you are making and an RL M film that we
are making here in Wisconsin oh man that
either you would like to see them
embarrass themselves or get the most
positive cells as a director who do you
think you could work with oh my god I
don't even know I think that's an
interesting question
such a different world that that
Hollywood world productions like that
and the rude stuff we do yeah I don't
know I honestly don't know um I'd have
to think about it he's really thinking
you can't see him right now but he's
he's busting a noggin is an interesting
question obviously I think it would have
to be someone who'd be willing just to
go full I mean full frontal obviously
but but you know like someone who's also
just willing to commit to like not only
whatever material gonna give them but
like shooting in Wisconsin where we
don't have yeah catering we don't I
guess I'd have to say people that we
have worked with like Patton Oswalt I
think he gets it yeah you know or like
Tim Heidecker he got it you have to be
sort of like slightly fringe ish people
you know Patton Oswalt super successful
sure but the people that could've
understands more Fringe sure material
people who might still remember what
it's like on the side of the world yeah
yeah yeah that's the 12.2 bori
HK once thought you know something rich
yeah what you can do this and they
believed in you I I don't know why they
they believed in you
you're right anonymous anonymous would
like us to know that Rich's present-day
accent kept slipping out in space cap
which did not do a good accent um
Grasmick military hello gents another
great stream I agree with Jay regarding
Mad Max for the Oscars but I still think
space cops should have been nominated
for Best Screenplay as it did take 12
years to make but space cap came out
this year yeah so it'll be nominated for
next year's Oscars it will definitely be
now absolutely if it's not nominated I
will be shocked and surprised really
something I mean best sound editing I'm
sure it'll get a technical I can't get
far away enough to reload this kind of
bullshit fuck it fuck it I'll just die
next turn shit anymore yeah you know
what
Ivan Lee stream is just mentioning Jon
Hamm Jon Hamm is oh yeah he's willing to
make a fool of himself he will do
anything and he's really funny yeah he's
great of the white out of American
summer show yes I guess I would say that
any of those people anyone associated
with anyone yep related to what how
Americans summer the state I I can work
with them I'm sure oh yeah
what what happened to my fries oh oh
okay
that was very they blew up the game a
little bit you can reload and shoot in
one turn if you don't move
oh really that's what too much new key
is saying you know what Conan O'Brien
does like weird stuff but as an actor I
don't think he's quite there
has he ever acted in anything aside from
like skits for the show and stuff no I
don't think he's ever done like I'm
acting yeah no I don't think so
you know what fucking I'm dead
Jay other than roar did you have any
other favorites from B fests uh oh man
you guys could not shut up about how
about roars roars the most amazing thing
and everyone should check it out right
now
the group was a group of people watch
war everyone it's insanity it sounds
amazing it's insanity captured on film
that overpowered everything this year
there was some good ones though there is
the the highs were really high and the
lows were like why did they even bother
playing this but the Garbage Pail Kids
movie was a highlight for me personally
because I'd been wanting them to play
that for years sure so that was fun and
the human tornado Rudy ray Moore movie
the guy plays dolomite Wow it is a doll
a night movie that was pretty great too
okay
not the Heath Ledger TV show roar well
who's the actress and roar it's Tippi
Hedren and Melanie Griffith old movie
and old passion project from Melanie
Griffith's parents yes were actually
like her mom and her stepfather
the lion conservatory right without
spoiling too much about roar things
don't go well at the lion conservatory
and they're all real lions they're all
real lions and they get writing credit
on the movie because so much of what
happens in the movie was dictated by
what the Lions did you never told me
that
yeah the Lions get a writer's credit yep
that's brilliant
it's it's an amazing movie that's
brilliant I do not know if there is a
confirmed release date for XCOM 2 on
consoles space copped hard at least day
it is who gives you shit who gives a
shit you can play it right now if you
have a PC did I read yours major Tom
servo oh I did I'm so sorry major time
sir oh well major Tom servo you didn't I
only read stuff if you donate two
dollars or more but now you've donated
enough with this new donation to tell me
about your last donation oh my god we
only read stuff if you donate two
dollars or more that's our general rule
okay everybody sorry if you did not know
but now you've donated enough sorry to
bombard Jay with questions I want to be
more well-versed in film can you
recommend any books or whatever on film
theory or is the key just to watch a
fuck ton of movies on film theory yeah
I'm gonna read too many books on film
theory I've mainly read books on
filmmaking but yeah just watch a bunch
of movies yeah that's mainly what I
think most of us that are into movies
have done and then you just try to
figure out what the common thread in the
movies that you like are and pick out
the stuff that you don't like I used to
be really interested in I would watch it
like when I was little little mmm I'd
watch movies on VHS and like pay
attention to things like I did even sure
like I very vividly remember watching
because we had
a fancy VCR that could go frame-by-frame
without the picture you know when you
pause it sometimes the picture every
yeah yeah and it would be frame by frame
in pretty smooth and I would watch the
scene in home alone when he takes the
sled down the front stairs and goes out
and lands in the in the front yard and I
remember I don't know why I was
fascinated by watching that scene frame
by frame and I would see like oh and
this shot that's inside the house where
you see the front doorway is his sled is
halfway out the door but then when it
cuts the exterior shot racing it coming
out the door
it sits back a little bit farther and
picking up on things like that sure so I
learned about editing from home alone
don't ever Mach home alone it's a
brilliant movie I already watched it
again this last Christmas I have seen in
a long time it's still a cute movie
still a cute movie even home alone too
lost in New York we suck as its charms
nope there's a lady with birds it's it's
the guy from the first movie it's the
exact same movie that is one of the most
cynical sequels that's what John Hughes
really quit trying yep oh man
yep we don't have to try they give me
money that's what happened he didn't oh
but like as he did about the charming
Kitty garbage let's see here where was
they where were they anonymous you got
this rich dick punch your way to glory
run faster ambush further and shoot
harder also lol fuck your cock okay zico
zico
Oh also the the other reasons my was
very loud for us is rich one of the TV
up more so he could experience all of X
comments a little bit louder for us 1000
is that oh my god coming through the TV
yeah Computers comes through the TV says
wants to know have Mike and John Hamm
ever met I don't believe there's a
situation where that would yes I heard I
guess it's possible he didn't tell us
though and I think he would I would
think so I think he would tell that
story um a weird question
she likes me as that one also rich also
rich face it we will all love you even
if you step the difficulty down a notch
rich is learning the game and you know
this is part of the reason why rich
doesn't like to stream new games is
because there is a learning curve and
sometimes that learning curve involves
and so you're gonna sit here and you're
gonna watch rich play this one mission
over and over and over again while Jay
and I jibber about nonsense and you're
gonna like it
anonymous sorry about that I didn't know
about the two dollar minimum now there's
my two dollars are the Plunkett reviews
dead maybe you don't know about this and
Dad I don't want to step out of turns oh
go ahead but uh why don't you check the
old YouTube subscription box tomorrow
because there is a very some something
very special coming out tomorrow and if
you don't know that joke I'm good don't
don't expect anything
no no comment well the short answer is
no so there you go there you go I say
the long answer is no oh
so neither right no they're not that is
there a medium answer no I nailed it
Jane thank you
you nailed it what chink t99 any use for
s VHS players what are s VHS players J I
there's an s VHS the the smaller tape
that you had to put into the adapter
thing to put utilities here oh maybe my
work has about 40 of them and we are
throwing out /recycling them I can't
imagine we would need it yeah not s-vhs
if those are the I know they just see is
what I'm thinking of but no we don't
have any use for us VHS either whatever
it is your mic your your soldiers can
flip out that's great and not listen to
your commands because they're so scared
about the aliens ah hold on I'm gonna
look up what an SV HS player is Google
excuse me Google oh it's a super VHS
player oh yeah I want to say it's just
supposed to be like a higher quality of
VHS which is a joke in and of itself I
mean we have plenty of VHS players here
so I would say no but thank you for the
offer that it would be expensive to ship
yeah those things are heavy
yeah rich the chat believes in you I'm
seeing all sorts of moral support for
you in this mission you can do it they
all believe in you we know you're trying
your best don't let us down morale
support like morale mushrooms which we
recently learned a whole lot about yep
it's all you're gonna get
and I I approve
we are now experts on morel mushrooms
absolutely I do kind of want to go on
check him out to to do I recently we
went out to eat yesterday and I had some
amazing mac and cheese and inside the
mac and cheese was boar bacon Oh bacon
made from a boar okay and when I was
bacon that was boring it was boring
bacon bacon the only the only kind of
bacon that can be boring his turkey
bacon
I like turkey bacon better nuria shut
your damn mouth it's better for you and
it's tasty it's fake and it mocks
everything bacon stands for a boar bacon
though is so delicious yeah I might have
problems eating regular bacon again oh
my god it was so and I might have just
been the way to cooked it yeah it was so
good it was so good both ways and boars
so I have no idea what any part of the
boar tastes like we had to save a little
piece of bacon to end the meal with like
each of us were just like I'm gonna
leave this piece of bacon here so this
was the last flavor in my mouth that's
how good it was
ha boar bacon heads up everybody have we
seen the series every frame a painting
the real van wants to know I've seen a
couple episodes of it's a youtube series
I've heard of it I haven't seen it seen
a couple episodes I they did a he did
one on the comedy editing of Edgar
Wright's which I was really interested
to watch and I just disagreed with a lot
of his commentary huh oh so it was just
you know but I've seen a couple other
ones that I thought were very good every
frame painting also also the real van
wants to know if rich cut his feet while
filming the witness ending well again
that was gameplay footage
so that wasn't rich so obviously rich
didn't cut his feet but I can only
assume that the whoever that was in the
gameplay footage did not cut their feet
because they walked very carefully yeah
that's my assumption that yes that was
real glass and that actor was barefoot
but they walked very carefully because
movie wait I missed because movie
there's just - you guys are too many
donations oh no that was because movies
question okay
wanted to know if rich cows feed again
gameplay footage so not rich I just
fucked this game has my number you might
need to knock down the difficulty I tell
you till you figure it out my name is
Tate says rich have you tried turning
your hat backwards yet because maybe
that'll give you the intensity that you
need and so that's what you mean
business that's when you mean business
when it's getting real yeah
that's when that's when Ash starts the
Pokemon battle he always turns his hat
backwards so he can concentrate also
James right turkey bacon is delicious
and you can eat way more of it you both
are lying to yourselves turkey bacon is
nothing but a mockery of something
beautiful and delicious but it's also
better for you then just don't eat bacon
it's better to not eat bacon than to eat
turkey Batson's don't lie to yourself
with the subpar salted meat I enjoy the
taste of turkey bacon liars
okay Jack please tell rich of this
mission is part of the tutorial and he
needs to restart and disable the
tutorial well if I can't beat the
fucking tutorial I'm gonna go ahead and
agree with Ritchie on this one turkey
bacon is still ridiculously high in
sodium oh sure I'm not saying it's great
for you this is better for you than
regular bacon yeah bad Milo you know yes
good job to whomever stacked those
glasses in the witness video it
certainly was not us as that was
captured gameplay footage but whomever
stacks those glasses must have been very
fast and talented and probably handsome
okay I can only assume I don't it's not
letting me change the difficulty oh
really yeah is that cuz you're in the
middle of the game yeah
so you're just exited that's all madam
Rich's going to the bathroom oh my god
J's he's gone mad folks Jays not scared
of the camera it actually just kind of
be a pain in the ass for us to move the
camera I actually know I am scared of
the camera that's why you've never ever
seen me on camera I know you're
notoriously camera shy I've never been
on camera no one knows what my face
looks like Packard are you finally going
to answer this who cleans the bathroom
at rlm studio nobody nobody has ever
cleaned it nope it's in bad shape I make
a special point to go before I come here
that's a good idea and I hold it for as
long as I can hoping I can get back home
if not I I it's actually more sanitary
for me to just go out to the dumpster no
shirt behind I would believe that
absolutely so
of a filmmaker freak this is my third
tip to the stream sending $1 not doing
the $2 cop very sorry it filmmaker freak
take your photo
oh well hold on filmmaker freak if this
now makes up for it all here's your
dollar you hack frog sorry to know you
made it earlier let me go back let me go
back filmmaker freak where are you have
rich read this I will have rich read
here oh my god when he comes back after
being so sorely disappointed
oh this is you know an ex come one rich
has close to a 1000 hours oh my god and
he it's one of his favorite games and
then he sucks at this whiny and he will
I think it's his ego he thought he could
just waltz in here sure Oh waving his
dick around I know what I'm doing no the
aliens took his dick well maybe this
will humble him a bit yeah he means he
needs to be taken down a peg that rich
Evans I agree
she takes 20 hey guys I'm fresh out of
high school and trying like hell to get
into filmmaking any tips for the
lowliest of directors also rich maybe
play something else until you've gotten
your XCOM 2 skills this is what we're
playing tonight I'm gonna start with
probably a tip that you've heard before
for directing and it's gonna seem like a
dumb tip but just start making things
film a ton of shit and then don't post
it on YouTube because 99% of it'll be
unwatchable unwatchable garbage yes I'm
so glad I was talking with someone about
this recently I'm so glad that when I
was like learning and making stuff most
high school you know that YouTube wasn't
a thing that existed hmm because
otherwise that shit's out there forever
yep and it shouldn't be
I'm sure there's so much old
embarrassing crap but make it you
haven't make it and finish it and show
it to maybe some friends yes maybe the
people who are the more you make the
more you'll learn yep and that that's
literally all yeah never stop making it
and then just keep doing it until it
becomes your life and you're ruined
forever and you're sad upset person
actually rich could you leave the door
open a little bit it gets a little warm
in here
yeah gets a little you know we got
lights we got the TV not a computer we
got here he DS oh you're you could do
that you know but that made adds a
little more light in here which we kind
of need them Jay can you when are you
gonna make the next horse vomit horse
mama got a flagged on my youtube channel
the first time I uploaded it yeah I
don't know why someone flagged it and
then I reload it like two years later or
horse vomit I will never make something
as good as horse vomit ever again I
don't I don't that's my point but I kind
of it's also a fantasy movie because
horses can't vomit
apparently I learned that's right we
learned yeah that's what we learned but
no you know if you want to be a director
you want to be an editor just start
doing it because all the technologies
there you have if you have a cell phone
and a computer yeah it's easier now than
it was when I was learning to do this
gonna make anything you want believing
yourself dick punch and dick punch the
fuck out of directing I don't I mean
maybe try stepping it down a difficulty
level well what's the next step down
rookie error like you're on veteran you
were on committee yeah go to veteran and
just you know cuz you this game is
probably a little bit different tactic
wise than the original exam and you just
got to learn it disabled tutorials okay
telegin J what is your opinion on the
original Wicker Man hey you know I've
never seen it last one that's been on my
sissy list forever and I've just never
seen it
and what do you find more worthwhile
watching the original or the remake but
he's never seen the remake and that's
funny moments but I don't quite
understand its reputation the so bad
it's good repetition yeah it has it has
some good moments but I've only seen it
once a nice remember being incredibly
bored through a lot of it yeah and
they'll be like an amazing what the fuck
moment and then some more boredom and
tedium
I think everyone just remembers that
that last Nic Cage scene and well Iran
remembers not the bees not the bees
which doesn't even in the movie
apparently that's a deleted scene isn't
it i from what I understand no it's not
in the movie well it's been a while well
like there's two different cuts of the
movie so maybe it's in wanna know though
anonymous would like to send some power
your way rich don't use crocodile bear
brain follow in sense like lion brain
This Is It this is the mission I died on
when I did this mission when I was
playing this weekend all my team got
killed and I was on rookie that was on
the easiest difficulty but I have no
concept of tactics this is not the game
for you is not that well I'm trying to
get there I know so many people love
these games yeah these are these are
high up on many people's lists this and
XCOM and even the originals the old old
pc games are really high up on people's
lists so i wanna i want to like it and i
love aliens and i love the idea of just
shooting aliens oh I want to shoot the
fuck out of aliens so I want to be there
I want to be good I didn't read your
first tip I was asking if whoever did
the video was trying to go the Leonardo
DiCaprio out and get oh you're right
well whoever acted in that video might
have been try trying to capture the leo
route of stepping on broken glass you're
right
too much nuki I'm pretty sure rich
understands base management so by
skipping the tutorials you also skip the
tutorials on managing your base but well
figure it out I'm gonna say that rich
has enough XCOM knowledge to figure that
out oh also rich someone who tipped us
would like you to say what was it oh my
god
yep that's it thank you
Ivan Lee streams here's an ex-con to tip
for rich get good nobody tips on Thank
You Ivan extremes for tipping with the
tip $2 I'm sorry I made a mistake you
get sterile here's your $2 so yeah it's
good all good things
everything's good will you show up
really fun on the green screen you know
a Perrier
I like carbonated water I don't know
understand I don't understand why so
many people get so much shit it's fine
it's just fun to make fun of sounds like
like a fancy boy drink I mean usually a
little fancy laughs it's a fancy boy
drink it's carbonated water and it fills
that beer urge for me not as good as
beer does mmm oh sorry Len fly kasinsky
Jay have you seen the movies Brooklyn or
room no I haven't seen either yet I want
to see room I've heard nothing but great
things about it yeah I haven't heard of
either they're both Oscar nominees
yeah but I don't care about the Oscars
so so if they're asking that means that
means they played one weekend in LA and
not anyway I mean they have a decent
release or not you know huge movies but
they're supposed to be really good but I
haven't seen him no okay
they go sorry Lane I'm trying to keep up
with the chat and it's alright guy I see
that you were getting to blend here I
will I'm trying I'm trying to you know
I'm also trying to look at people while
I'm having conversations there's a lot
happening and I'm trying to drink my
Perrier this is Perry is not gonna drink
itself if it does that'd be weird
oh they're also saying Brooklyn is
fantastic that's oh yeah Ronan
so yeah Rhys Ronan is never known how to
pronounce her name say your eyes Oh what
was the movie like Cabin in the Woods
that you were talking about earlier
resolution resolution from 2012 yeah
Justin Benson and Aaron Morehead or the
name of their directors okay and they're
they're pretty great resolution is a
more subtle of cabin in the woods yeah
j-bot it doesn't have a lot of
similarities the cabin in the woods it's
just it takes place a dumpy place in the
woods and it deconstructs horror movies
okay that's pretty much where the
similarities end
okay but it's it's yeah it's really
clever and really well done
are you shitting me there we go it's
pronounced Sasha Sasha Sasha
Saoirse someone is saying it's
pronounced Arceus I'm saying is
pronounce Saoirse I'm just gonna do my
best to avoid ever having her name come
up in conversation so I have to worry
about it
that's really the smart call I think
I've only ever seen her in one movie I
know she's in grand Budapest hotel Jay
the only winning move is not to play
it's true when pronouncing Sarah's name
J Baumann is not the only man who looks
better with a beard a lot of men look
better with a beard unlike say me does
not look better with a beard why do you
keep the beard mm-hmm I'm too lazy to
shave that's why I grew the beard yeah
there you go there you go no I think you
know different as as long as the the
really important part if you are growing
a beard is your mustache needs to
actually connect to more facial hair
there are people who like grow beards oh
sure they have their mustache and a
space yeah and then they're lower and
then that that never looks good I'm
looking at you Johnny Depp Johnny Depp
has that terrible does he have that I've
never really paid much attention to his
facial hair
I know Keanu Reeves has like the
weirdest patchy as beard I've ever seen
yeah it was it's a little distracting
sometimes yeah why doesn't Jack grow his
beard I my my wife does not like my
beard I liked my beard but I I don't
like it that much
to have you know also beard with a
shaped head is a very specific look some
people can pull it off very specific
look rich
Jack J klore vibe what are the games /
films if you must you are most
embarrassed to admit you loved first of
all I'm any movie that I loved even if
you guys think it's like I'm not
embarrassed I fucking love it and I
don't care
face off I fucking love this lots of
people that like people like everybody
knows what it is yeah I've never seen it
oh my god I fucking love cheesy as hell
way over the top but I fucking love it
so that's on my list of things I should
be embarrassed by but I'm not yeah yeah
if you there really shouldn't be a thing
as guilty pleasures like if you enjoy
something yeah
for whatever reason just enjoy it
absolutely
I want to take his face ah oh my god I
mean I gotta go watch face off tonight
I've never seen it you've never seen it
now oh my god did you see any of those
like cheesy woo films I know I'm not a
big John boo-boo guy the American woo if
you were American whoo yeah I haven't
seen a lot of his stuff do you have but
what what's on your list of stuff that
other people might not enjoy but you
know Oh God some of the things I watch
so many things i watch somebody like B
movies and weird shit mm-hmm I really
like Inland Empire the David Lynch movie
and that's one that even people that
really like David Lynch are like I'm out
I think it's an interesting movie uh-huh
especially when you keep in mind the
process of making it how it was put
together over such a long period of time
and okay I'm sort of experimenting
through the process of making it and
Laura Dern is just great
well that's all you need and she's on
the new twin piece she's gonna be on the
new 20 every great actress ever is on
the new twin peaks' it's awesome
Zeca we could probably take a little
break and read subscriptions if you need
to go to bed there's no I don't have
subscriptions up online well he's
probably worried about his name why
that's why I said C : they call thank
you for subscribing if you subscribed
we've really do it go
thank you for maybe or maybe not
subscribing it doesn't really matter I'm
gonna say your name cuz apparently that
will make you happy we really appreciate
it we just appreciate you coming by
is true caiis 87 this tip is towards the
oculus rift HTC vive fund I can't wait
to see you guys flailing around like
jackasses with headsets on are you
looking for are you looking forward to
VR do you think it's just a gimmick just
a gimmick I have no plans on getting a
VR headset that was gonna be the big
thing in like 1995 why is it coming back
again because the technology is finally
there where people can do something with
it okay but no I'm not I don't care
about it I just don't care about it I we
will probably get one eventually just so
you can see us be jackasses is it a like
a console or is it something that'll be
like you use with an existing console
it's something that you will use with
your existing PC okay there aren't a
whole lot of oh it's all versions Sony
is making one for the PlayStation ok but
it's something that you have to use with
existing technology but like in a game
world where the the 3d environment is
already fully rendered yeah the idea is
you know of free movement looking around
right motion sickness like you've never
known it before honestly I will get sick
and puke
that's what you guys want would be good
on this well later models come with like
an attached barf bag by now get eight
free occu bags
occu bags I like it I like it no I don't
I just don't care I know like I've been
seeing a lot the big clickbait video
right now is people trying out VR porn
oh sure and you know like everyone's
like it's so intense it's so amazing but
VR porn doesn't you can't get the full
360 movement because it's a video it's a
video feed so people like you know if
you move closer move further away the
video stays at the same distance but
like it's still so real and so intense
and it's just like there's already porn
you don't need this people aren't gonna
buy a 500
dollar device just to watch porn when
they get the JC Penney's catalogue for
fries you know gonna give all your
people goofy elements I don't know I'm
just playing I'm saying what you can do
sure there's apparently some promotions
available other chat is saying oh do do
J I worked with Aaron Moorhead Wow on
the VFX of his other films his segments
and VHS viral and spring oh I love
spring there you go
this is just viral not so much but
spring is really really good this is
filmmaker freak i met him during post on
resolution crazy you mentioned this
right now small world
yeah well there you go they make good
films and i hope they make more that
aren't associated with the VHS franchise
because those aren't that good run be
rich did it please don't use this for
the oculus rift fund we won't run be we
were owned we won't be wrong for my
father Jack talk Jack talk many times
Sarah Douglas that's an actress oh yeah
she was an Superman to she's one of
those odds
people so the females odd people yeah
well then you need to make her white you
need to make her Kryptonian weird though
all all the customization options they
still don't let you customize gender or
nationality yeah yeah they do character
info
I finally did that me did not do that on
the previous version no is a Kryptonian
available for that other ladies hair or
not what are those oh go to back to the
hair wow look at that hair exists to say
a reference to the classic original wax
come oh yeah the graphics were so bad
yeah well there was only like two or
three different like customization
options sure and I think a lot of them
had that goofy hair oh sure
space cop dog hard says Jack I've gotta
go the stream is only making me sad that
this game isn't on console how is it
available on PC just on PC the other oh
right
the other ones did come to console
eventually even like the the first X
come even came to iPad oh and it was
like this like 3d and apparently runs
great it's time to stand up everybody
it's been an hour everybody it's time to
stand up do you do you buy it do you buy
right I'm stretching you guys can see I
started doing this because like here for
like four hours and I just feel like so
what is this promotion everybody is
talking I'm talking about what oh that
like limited time only like deal see I
thought you're talking about but you get
the Mountain Dew DLC you got about a new
face mask
now get on I'm just looking I'm just the
first time I played the game I'm just
looking at what I can do yeah Toki play
Dex guy - I bet I hear great things I
was thinking about doing that to warm up
for this game but then I said fuck it
because we were playing Dragon's Dogma
like the bad doing what - playing XCOM
on the iPad oh because that might have
been fun but then it's like yeah we were
playing definitely on a different game
and I wanted to come into this as fresh
as possible you're the old you're the
expert yeah anymore I want to come in
fresh I'm embarrassed by that that's all
right
horribly embarrassed Jesus Christie
wants to know is it possible to turn
down the volume on the Oh My gods
I think we should do that do you think
we should do that okay rich says okay it
will be possible but not at this moment
we actually need to re-record rich
saying oh my god at a lesser volume and
we will do that for everyone
it won't happen tonight but we will do
that because I it's happening so much
tonight is guys to be an obnoxious dream
to watch
otherwise it's a nice fun jdx calm
stream yeah I do think yeah we should
you're having regrets what it's not yes
no what is every what it's every 10
minutes no big deal right when it's
every 10 seconds kind of it's it was
funny it was funny when we first did it
and we thought it would stop happening
yeah
then it was funny that's true we did
think that tips would not happen as
often as they did yeah okay oh my god oh
and I forgot to say do you can download
your own oh my god if you want it's it
finally cleared hold on but I'll get to
that in one second anonymous hi guys I
recently caught up on the YouTube
prereqs and enjoyed all I got a question
for rich in a sentence or two
this is really important rich yeah a
sentence or two what ruined Mass Effect
3 they know you hate it but you know
like they never got like a full
explanation but and I know you can go on
this for hours there's there's no 1 or 2
ok there's no 1 or 2 in general can you
generalize everything I know I know you
really loved the story and the way they
ended the story Mass Effect 3 was
unsatisfactory for you not having a
solid plan on where the story was going
to go ahead of time which after playing
three is patently obvious because they I
mean three they just pull the ending out
of their ass outside of being a horrible
ending like the plot device around three
is just comes out of nowhere and it's
stupid EA games mm-hmm EA bought Bioware
and the game was rushed out too early
what is my guess my speculate it's my
pure speculation okay that that game
needed another two years in development
than what I got okay
gutting alright we kind of talked about
this during the Dragon's Dogma review
mm-hmm about how you know Western RPGs
you you're in control of your own
character and the solemn and the silent
protagonist that yeah you put the words
in and Bioware with the previous games
and I guess they're other games too took
that a step further okay because you you
were in charge of the character but you
can also actually speak you like shows
what you wanted your characters say a
game and people would react
appropriately you could be a jerk people
would think you were a jerk you know
yeah and it had it had one of its big
things was the branching dialogue yinz
and trees but you made your own
character with their personality sure
they were heroic they were a jerk you
you you did that yeah they were snarky
they were serious three cut gut rip it
out and you're just kind of like under
your personalities on the rails more a
lot more than it is in the other games
okay like you know those dialogue trees
every every few conversations you'll get
like a yes or no option in three
blahblah
so they gutted your ability to be the
character so they took your character
that you made for two games away but
this is our toy we're gonna play with it
the way you should play with it oh
that's very sad
yep okay well you know what that's a
good summation thank you rich okay also
I'm putting this into the chat right now
I'm sharing with you guys we got we
finally got it approved you can now
download your own rich Evans saying oh
my god oh good it is a clean version
it's the version we use for this audio
of rich Evan saying oh my god I'm about
to give you the link in the chat there
it is
there it is it is a from free sounds org
I uploaded that's where I get actually a
lot of sound effects that I use for
various projects that's a great site
it's a great site it's a database full
of sound effects that you can use for
free but there it is use as you wish I
hope you enjoy which is incredibly loud
and shrieky oh my god as much as we do
I'm so glad we could share this with
everyone as much as you all used to
enjoy it okay finally JS le says finally
PC gets a game that console does not get
first and chat is crying now you know
how I feel about blood-borne final no I
mean first of all there's like a ton of
games that are on PC and not on consoles
but this is a big one obviously are
there a ton
the thinking specifically like crypt of
the necrodancer just came out on
consoles that was on pc only for so long
indie titles ok titles but i guess for
the majors this is this is a rare major
PC exclusive for a time rich don't feel
bad about going down to veterans I feel
bad about going down to venture I'm
sorry no I beats enemy within on
impossible Iron Man and XCOM 2 is
kicking my ass yeah it's like you know I
think this is a normal thing I think
it's an ass-kicker I think the time I
click is saying I think my favorite oh
my god welcome please oh sorry there's a
cutscene Shanna's dead
I know he would have loved to show you
around the place himself
we used to talk about you a lot you can
be sure I'm ready to finish what you
started might not look at it and with a
little more help well you'd be amazed
okay I forgot what I was gonna say no oh
they said their favorite oh my god was
during the during the order 1885 yeah
review for gunshot fade to black oh oh
good old gunshot
no I'm respecting rich rich likes the
cutscenes this game is important to rich
I will respect his uh his wish for us to
you know let him enjoy the cutscenes
obviously I don't really care about
cutscenes Oh engineer required ah I see
I see
and I see what's going on because you
because you skipped the tutorial do you
know that this is a ship I gathered that
okay at the outside of it yeah you're
right you're on the Helicarrier
basically so you know you're no longer
our building an underground facility you
are building the shield Helicarrier
back to my question Jay talked about
brain storm or demon seed do you know
these things I don't know either of
those things I think I've heard the name
demon seed demon seed sounds familiar
but I don't know those we J doesn't know
toes I'm sorry
the rearm I'm sorry the real net boy
sorry v I've let you down
J knows everything about movies that you
know what I've got plenty of blind spots
but a movie with the name like brain
storm or demon seed should be right up
here on Steam in the seed sounds
familiar but I don't think I've seen it
but if I did there was a long long time
ago sure there's no way that's Bradford
that's what they're saying there's no
way that's Bradford
I do like to try and fill in the gaps
sometimes though of like genres or areas
that I'm not familiar with like last
Halloween I watched us last October I
tried to watch a bunch of Italian jello
films cuz I ain't seen too many of those
okay so it's like now I can say that
I've seen plenty of those where I
understand that genre good we're dry I
try to fill in my gaps
recruit more pimps for you would like to
know if you have any thoughts on
Cloverfield both the old or the new I
like clover fields I know I think it was
I didn't buy into like all the height
for it you know there was all the like
viral marketing a janitor even yeah the
mr. Issa and then you see the movie and
it's just a POV Godzilla movie basically
yeah this is giant monster tagging the
city and I thought it was fine just as
that okay parts of it felt like a like a
theme park ride like when they're in the
helicopter and they're like oh no the
helicopters going down you feel like
you're on a theme park like like one of
those rides were like the seats move
with the king yeah they're sinking like
the king kong ride that they used to
have at Universal Studios
sure sure so III liked it well enough
okay um I'm curious about the new one
the fact that they made a movie in
secret and no one knew it even existed
until like a month ago uh-huh
whatever everyone was so distracted I've
heard that it's actually like a movie
that was already being made completely
unrelated and then like later they
decided to make it related to
Cloverfield oh I don't know if that's
true but Wow got John Goodman in it and
it takes place in some sort of
underground bunker so it looks
claustrophobic this sounds great it
looks like a decent movie cool cool
recruit more primp says Cloverfield was
their favorite movie for a while until
they saw taxi driver taxi driver is one
of my favorite movies to drive taxi
drivers is a great film very different a
little bit different than Cloverfield
they did take place in New York though
well basically the same film you're
basically the same movie because they're
in the same universe the shared universe
revealed cinematic universe Travis
Bickle Oh an elderly Travis Bickle got
stepped on he actually didn't die at the
end of giant thanks driver he didn't die
at the end of technically the last scene
is out to interpretation I guess boiler
Lord for tech that's beyond spoiler
alert he may or may not die he may or
may not die Oh fucking love taxi driver
yeah thanks cars great you see that girl
crazy girl pic she's a whole she's a
whole and I know she's a whole oh man
don't quote too much of that scene I'll
get into some trouble
we'll get banned oh yeah taxi driver is
one of those rare like you know that I I
don't necessarily I don't often like
older movies cuz the pacing is usually
something that I can't get down with you
know me I'm memorable hyperactive I'm
sure I like my movies to be fast but
taxi driver just hits that right 'stryed
where it's just slow enough well it's
just hypnotic I mean if you're with him
that whole movie in his mind it's great
it's great I got to see a 4k digital
projection of it a couple years ago and
lean in theaters and it looked great I
think that might have been my first
leave 4k digital theatrical experience
and it looked really good well it looked
like like I mean it was obviously shot
in the 70s so it had a lot of grain to
it anyway so yeah even a digital print
look good tiny turnip says the taxi
driver was the first course AZ film I
saw yeah that's a good that's a good one
to start with it might have been mine
too
probably trying to think of that all
right you know I think I probably saw
parts of Goodfellas like on cable sure
when I was little little like way before
I saw taxi driver okay but I didn't know
what it was at the time oh my god Indy
then uh Hemi one 137 says based on your
complaints about Dragon's Dogma you'd
really like Dragon Age Origins it's
generic fantasy but with great
characters and story are we still
streaming also it has elves whoops OBS
crashed I was still streaming I'm gonna
say yes okay wait hold on let me ask the
chat but I mean you know we still
streaming
webcam froze oh the web oh yeah look
the game is still working oh that's
weird but just the just the video they
can still hear us weird things are weird
face are frozen and I think there's
anything I could do without starting to
stop in the stream can you hear us hold
on well you're trying to click on a
thing but you got to get rid of that
error window first would you well it'll
probably close the whole program what
says would you like to view a crash
report I'll say no wait I can't hear or
see you but I'm blind to death thank you
that's very funny Tara both eyes out
yeah yes we can hear you okay well

[Part III]
okay we're back
maybe yeah we're back why not I'll just
say it oh that's him crash too I think
yeah everything are you streaming again
we are streaming oh I see that we're
streaming again apparently both OBS and
XCOM crash they were one probably caused
the other I would think they were locked
in an embrace and fell into a lover's
quarrel and they decided to end both of
their lives rather than until we
forcibly put them back together yeah
against their will you're gonna kiss now
you're gonna kiss no I think this
analogy is terrifying yes I did not
think it through I did not think sudden
times good yeah it's fine everything's
fine we're back
XCOM look at him ex corn ex corn
I have not seen
it I always used to get it confused with
uh is it the entity that also sounds
like a movie you know a lot about the
ending well yeah well Barbara Hershey
that's the movie where Barbara Hershey
gets repeatedly raped by a ghost oh my
god and for some reason I always got it
confused with demon seed and maybe the
covers were somewhere or something no no
that says horrible it is I watched it
once like like 15 years ago just because
someone told me the premise was like
that sounds fucked up no yeah and it's
like cuz what can you do right it's a
ghost
that's a scary premise I don't remember
if the movies any good I'd have to
re-watch it but I think it was I mean
that's premise is terrifying
yeah yeah though it's
a ghost rapist that is terrifying the
best okay list oh that's a whole
different kind of terrifying
Lloyd meets Jay have you seen John dies
at the end
cuz it's great you know I haven't seen
it yet it's all I've been meaning to get
around to yeah i like Don Coscarelli I
think the guy who wrote the book follows
me on Twitter cuz it's based on a book
oh do we have to protect something the
guy wrote John dies at the end might be
a fan of red letter media I'm not sure
but no I have not seen okay it's on
Netflix it is on Netflix it's been on
there for a while so one of these days
I'll get around to it there's too many
movies there's a problem there's a lot
of movies there's at least a couple
dozen movies that have been made like in
the past year or so just in general sure
there's been like there's been like like
tens of movies Oh at least thirty yeah
but I don't know I don't know much about
you know how they make the movies though
guts going nuts we usually only read
comments if you donate two dollars or
more and I'm very sorry yes keep people
from spamming me the chance so we
constantly hear oh my god and we see how
well that worked
yep or if they're just trying to troll
you well and if they want to pay two
dollars to troll us they can I guess
yeah basically you still have the option
to not read whatever they wrote because
that was the birth of lol fuck my cock
is that a thing I said if you want us
yeah oh I said we're talking about why
we have the minimum I said if you want
to if you want me to say lol fuck my
cock it's gonna cost you two bucks yeah
okay Jay Bob Ennis would like to ask
question what was the biggest headache
when it came to filming space cops in
term in terms of continuity was it was
there anything that you worried about
like keep you know cuz obviously it was
filmed over a long period of time right
in keeping the story together was there
any
you were concerned with um not really
because Mike and rich wear wear the same
outfits for the entire movie so that
would be something if they were
constantly changing outfits trying to
keep track of that yeah yeah but that
made it pretty easy no I don't remember
there being any major continuity
concerns okay
mainly mainly because it was like the
same clothes through the whole thing
Thanks that's going nuts and now that
you have donated $2 I will read both of
your comments one Jack is bald this is
true 282 dollars to point out the
obvious if that's what they has to spend
their money on there there are two
dollars they can do whatever the fuck is
whatever fucking stupid thing they want
to do that's true
Jack: Uh, and his other, I guess it's a question, uh, but it's for Jay...what about Dark City?
Jay: Uh, what about it? It's a great movie.
Rich: It's an amazing movie.
Jay: That's a very, very good movie. I saw that in the theater. I was one of the five people that apparently saw it in the theater because it flopped.
Jack: Uh-huh.
Rich: Well, do you know why it flopped?
Jay: Well, it was right around the time of The Matrix...
Rich: Titanic was still in theaters, and still kicking everything's ass.
Jay: Are you, oh wait...are you sure?
Rich: I remember.
Jay: Oh, that's right. People were comparing it to The Matrix, like, in retrospect, cuz The Matrix came out a few years later.
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Jay: Um, is that...oh, okay. I don't remember that.
Jack: It got, it got overshadowed, it got overcast by Titanic?
Rich: By Titanic.
Jay: Yeah, Titanic was pretty fucking big.
Jack: Yeah, Titanic was big.
Jay: I didn't see Titanic in the theater, but I saw, I saw Dark City.
I've still never seen Titanic no I'm
really happy with that it's fine I'm
waiting for the hype to die now and
that's what I did cuz I didn't see in
the theater is like I don't care yeah
and then it came on a video and my
parents bought it so we just had a copy
of that I was about to VHS tape that's
in every thrift store or not
and so I finally watched it because we
had it nothing is fine and then I sought
that one time and I've you never really
thought about it much since like I like
James Cameron yeah I did like James
Cameron but not so much anymore but I do
love like everyone now is coming up with
their own thought piece about avatar no
geez and it's one of my favorite things
where they're just like and everyone's
everyone is coming to the same
conclusion with avatar and I think you
guys have talked about this as well
which is avatar is this record-breaking
box office movie no one has beaten it
yet I don't think right and nobody talks
about it anymore nobody can remember the
movie I said that at the time this is
like a hindsight thing I said at the
time that movie is so forgettable
there's no generic it's the most
forgotten blockbuster of all time but
it's it still holds records yeah didn't
didn't force awakens' beat it finally I
don't think so still okay or at least
you know what not domestically I like
maybe internationally a force awakens
just crossed over a billion but it's
just one of those things where just it's
it's this huge movie that everybody on
the planet earth saw yeah and I had the
same reaction to it I did to Titanic or
as like it's fine yeah and then I never
thought about it again yeah I loved it
it's it's fascinating oh how wonderfully
disposable it is yeah it's a it's a it's
a McDonald's cheeseburger everybody has
one you forget about it as soon as Ian
it's great yeah I saw avatar I actually
avatar was the one movie that I saw in
3d that convinced me that 3d was
absolute bullshit here's how one
memorable it is I don't even remember if
I saw it in 3d or not and that was the
whole reason to see it of course that
was the whole thing this is be immersed
in the worlds of avatar land of Avatar
land and I cannot for the life of me
remember if I saw it in 3d or not
oh um hat 74 says knowing that rich will
one day master XCOM to it fills you with
determination no I thought I better
discuss a gas Oh
also lol fuck my cock I like lol fuck my
god yeah that's very is it all one word
yeah okay lol fuck my card you got shit
cover everywhere you fucker
I can't run anywhere to hunker down as
bullshit it's a complete utter bullshit
I wonder if people who dressed up like
the Navi and should feel ashamed now
they should yeah I'm all for people
doing you know whatever they want
whatever your interests are it's fine
but but if you dressed up like Avatar
you should be ashamed
no no shame maybe if you're like the
person who like trying to make wasn't
there a person who was like who made
like an avatar camp you can come up and
dress like a Navi and live in the nature
talking about getting caught up in the
hype and that's all that was like
because the movie wasn't anything
exceptional right it's like I remember
when Garden State came out and I was you
know that came out was I early 20s
yeah and like all my friends were in
early 20s so everybody got so caught up
and your mom this movie speaks to our
generation everybody I know is horribly
embarrassed to have liked that movie now
yeah it's everybody gets caught up in
this thing and that's the same with
Avatar but everybody was so caught up in
it where it became more about the the
hype surrounding it that sure the actual
material don't but don't you remember
day when he wore the shirt that looked
like the wall it's a fine shot but
that's all it was I have an idea for a
shot how do I work this into the movie
yep oh she made a couch out of this
material and then she used to leftover
material to make a shirt but it tell us
of the wallpaper but it's also the
wallpaper like why oh no she did make a
couch it was the wallpaper which
wallpaper is not the same material as
shirt here
then we suck symbolism don't you
understand
he feels like a Wallflower if only there
was an artistic way to show that he
feels like a Wallflower oh wait I have
an idea ah Adam Oh Tara what's an
average Monday through Friday for
YouTube / patreon creators like yourself
you don't need to be super specific just
curious if you guys have an actual work
schedule no schedule but there's usually
just shit that needs to be done yeah and
what movies are coming out what do we
want to focus on this week like all that
kind of stuff and it changes from week
to week because we don't like to get
into a boring pattern where we're just
like shorting out you know bland shit
every week yeah and I think we want to
do stuff that we could be invested in
yes I can tell you it's not Monday
through Friday 9:00 to 5:00 it's all day
every day it's always on your mind
Sunday to start material yeah you have
to do it all the time every day
oh we're all your guys on overnight oh
nice I can tell you the last couple
weeks
was just shoving things and envelopes it
was the height of really utilizing our
creativity was mindlessly shoving things
into envelopes sewing orders for space
yeah yeah it's a good problem to have
but oh sure I know I do know you sent
out the bulk of all like the bit all the
big bulk of orders are finally sent out
now yes so for anyone who's ordering and
you don't have it yet Oh shit's gone
crazy shits gone crazy hello hello from
anonymous if YouTube hadn't become a
thing and allowed you guys to reach an
audience from Milwaukee what do you
think you'd be doing with your careers
would you have all gone to LA no no
suicide just other video production it's
what we were doing before forgotten
suicide oh it was your son don't
remember what an embarrassment yeah la
la is something there are a certain
number of people that can really thrive
in LA yeah and I am NOT one of them oh
also there has to be something that you
want like yeah doesn't want to be a part
of that world no thanks it's a culture
it's it's it's own thing and some people
can do it
I think we would probably all be doing
exactly what we're doing right now all
night without a YouTube channel shirt we
were doing this before there was yep we
were all making videos and putting
pushing them out wherever we could push
them out before YouTube so we would
still be doing that thankfully there's
YouTube thankfully there's the internet
so people can watch it too Jack from
loaner art loaner our John Boehner
Archon how much money from a tip do you
have to do your fuck but voice for an
entire stream Oh God oh that would get
old after like a minute also in Michael
Caine's voice what do we do when we vote
mr. white we get up I thought you did
push-ups for this kind of thing that's
my terrible Michael Caine impression
you're welcome uh it would take a lot of
money to do fuck he would ruin my vocal
cords one oh and and two like Jay said
it would take a lot of money because
everyone would stop watching the stream
after five minutes someone else would
have to donate even more money to get
you to stop oh there we go now I like it
I mean I do my fuck my voice every once
in a while if there's a robot talking or
something you get a little bit of it
that's all you need within movement
range Sheree does you go back into cover
after watch I don't get your got your
sword no he does not go back into cover
so but if your line crosses him you will
slash and I don't know if you stop when
you slash yeah but where do you stop
like I don't want to I don't want to end
the turn out of cover right who are you
trying to slash that guy Oh see look you
have to stop there to slash him
Newman Addis rich I love you man but
goddamn goddamn what I love you man but
goddamn maybe that's how much they love
you just so much goddamn they love me so
much they're going to damn god that's a
go but goddamn I think I think that was
just like a girl goddamn well not well
not when there's a button there but
goddamn but goddamn means you fucked up
on something
like I love you blood goddamn I guess I
don't think that's what that means it
Qatar's Oh says I'm feeling sick please
tell me I'm a handsome fancy boy and
stroke my hair while I dry heave and
sweat profusely know what we basically
can't we can't do that but here's the
thing
guitars oh you are a handsome fancy boy
how do you know that's true though he
paid me money to say that so I know it's
true but it's just matter if it's true
that's what I'm saying exactly there is
no true there's no there's no true
there's only money we we said we would
say the things that people paid us to
say if they paid us money and that's
what he did so I'm the same the thing to
say I don't know this is a business
transaction I don't understand what your
problem okay I get it
how cruel to make you face
mind-controlling enemies so early in
this game I think this game I don't hate
it I think this game has an agenda -
fuck you
yeah it's that would that would that
would seem to be highly likely yeah yeah
Adam Oh Tara well we we've said we will
not talk politics animal Tara says
besides Donald Trump who do you plan on
not voting for in the 2016 presidential
election I plan on not voting for Ross
Perot mostly because I'm not voting for
Captain Crunch oh there you go rich who
are you not voting for um oh god Dave
and I gotta think of something funny I
got I got less than a second the moment
passed oh very funny
fuck no now you got you now you have to
know George Washington there we go
you're not gonna vote for George
Washington those are people we are not
voting for along with Donald Trump who's
an idiot we don't get into politics on
the show the politics get into you we
don't get into politics but that's why
it's okay to make fun of Donald Trump
because he's not a politician he's a
joke he's a crazy man he's a crazy man
HAP 78 says hey Jay did you know that
Martin core Scorsese considers the
entity one of the greatest horror films
of all time
oh really that's what we're good for him
so it's not I guess that's good to know
cuz I saw it so long ago I don't
remember it very well and I was
wondering if it's like like corniche
Locker sure but it's Scorsese approved
I'm assuming it's good you've weakened I
would like to rewatch it also what are
your thoughts on the third predator
movie predators uh you know everybody
shit on that movie when it came out I
always did the handsome man is Adrian
Brown Adrian bird is so handsome
I liked it I liked how people were
talking about I would like the story
wasn't too interesting but I liked the
simplicity of it oh my god what are you
doing Jack can't handle walking and it's
sad you just ruined the room I think
Tommy Wiseau ruined the room
oh you've been behind now you fucked up
that now everybody's donating truer
words have never been spoken
the good news is I'm kicking veteran
bones ass all right at least it's not
rookie so you can do good on the lowest
setting no no Lois just Wicky okay Lois
this wookie yes what wookie is there
anything there's nothing wrong with
another fucking woman what do you think
he was Han Solo's slave because they're
best friends bitch the best friends oh
shit okay Martin Scorsese we did that
one for Jay or anyone else I suppose
listen we're not taking off we're
digging Jays leftovers any thoughts on
the movie hackers I haven't seen it
since it premiered on cable back
whatever that came out I've seen it once
and I can tell you absolutely nothing
about the night I don't remember
anything I one guy had like a Braille
keyboard thing right that was all I
remember is being incredibly attracted
to Angelina Jolie in it before I knew
who she was sure I was like this lady
with the short bleached hair her lips
are too goddamn weird
well she's gotten we're looking over
time but in that movie I remember being
very attracted to her but I have not
seen it since since I was what did that
movie come out a long time ago 95 97
there were a lot about them ahead you
hack the planet Matthew Lillard
I remember Matthew Lillard Zinn it looks
like she was just stung by too many bees
I hate that fat lip look 95 I was right
the fat lip look yeah I know I'm
dissolving a little bit Mike the
green-screen the lighting change
everything's different everything sucks
but you know Angelina Jolie
Jolie impersonations
it was exactly the kind of movies in the
90s about hackers that yes my favorite
was like their visualization of hacking
with like the big like glowing towers
that were like big buildings and I
remember I remember the main characters
played by an actor that's in
Trainspotting that's right that's all I
are above angeling Joey shit's gone nuts
shit's gone a little nuts rich is it
fair to say that the Adventures of
mary-kate and Ashley Olsen indirectly
saved your life yeah it prevented that
prevent your suicide this dick still
around well we don't know if it's the
same dick or if it's a new dick and
they're using a voice it's the same dick
the same dick okay great
is it just me just me oh shit sorry I
had to read that embrace a little bit to
make sure that I was okay to read is it
just me or has Mike made references on
multiple occasions to having shit his
pants after getting drunk
and no I'm not talking about when he
played don't shit your pants I have no
recollection of this maybe maybe it's
just you and we've talked on camera a
lot at this point I don't remember all
our jokes I'll start it again and play
it and pay attention to the cutscenes
next time yeah that's a good idea um a
Harry flash man but to all you fine
folks I bought my digital copy of space
cop and all my dreams came true I'm
calling it here rich is going to steal
Leo's Oscar this year he can't because
he won't get his Oscar till next year no
rich is physically going to steal his
Oscar okay what does it take to submit
something to the Oscars what do you need
to be eligible oh space cop won't be
eligible because in order to submit to
the Oscars it needs to have played in at
least one theater in Los Angeles between
any given you so I guess it could be
good me you need we have the rest of
this you
to get into a theater in Los Angeles you
have to played in one theater in Los
Angeles and then what does it cost to
submit no I don't think you have to
submit fuck let's do it I think you have
to be a part of the Academy well you
have to be a part of the Academy to vote
of course you need to be part of do I
need to be sag I don't know probably you
probably need to be in the Guild's in
order to be nominated that makes sense
that would make sense and none of you
are part of any guild
No so it's it's free just probably not
gonna happen
such a shame oh the the chat wants to
know rich wants you to know that they're
very proud of you for for stepping up
your XCOM 2 games and look commander
difficulty is just a bitch apparently
apparently Johnny Lee Wombats it's
carnival time here in New Orleans happy
Marty grass and guys well you too I
guess I've never been to Barty Gras
happy Carnivale happy carnival oh I know
my shirt probably looks weird now cuz
the green screen settings got all fucked
up and my shirt I'm wearing a shirt that
has like green tones to it so it's
probably like picking up weird with the
green screen and everything everything
sucks everything's terrible bubbles
bubbles bubbles like I don't know
and my eyes are weird too probably blame
Chrome I will always blame the chromakey
something fun about the chromakey we did
this last prereq episode and rich and I
wanted to try something a little new and
so we filmed ourselves on the green
screen oh yeah and we put in the new
backgrounds we put in some some animated
backgrounds of old arcade video games
okay and I think they look really good
I'm really happy with how it turned out
and you know we have something
interesting happening while we're just
chatting about now the games but I
couldn't the chroma key in Premiere
wasn't doing a good enough job for you
so after I edited the entire episode I
took my timeline and Rich's timeline
over it's After Effects yeah green
screen and After Effects and you know
the effects of premiere sync up together
and did it in After Effects and
everything was great and After Effects
is great for green screen master effects
is amazing for green screen so it looks
great everything was great
normally this was a 25 minute episode
normally to render out maybe three hours
okay I was slower you know I have an
older computer yeah get there oh my god
I'm not exaggerating 22 hours yeah
that's not surprising 22 surprising to
export the video before I could watch it
I couldn't buck if there you notice some
sort of error there is if there is an
error then you just left it I love cuz
it goes fuck it I understand there is a
half a second shot of me in which I
forgot to put the green screen so you
see the green screen in the background
and everything okay fuck it you'd say
that's a peek behind the curtain channel
showing of what happens behind the
scenes so so this episode was done
editing was done being edited Saturday
morning but I couldn't get it up until
tonight oh wow because it's a 22 hours
to edit to render out yeah I believe it
Jebus so we're gonna work some more
figure we're still tweaking
it's weak in that point okay oh okay you
can click on different I get it okay
Sabre mouse is what you need to do is
encode the movie as a DCP file that a
projector can play put that on a hard
drive and book an independent theater to
run it for grace guys we'll get right on
that and it's absolutely gonna happen
top priority commander yeah I'm glad you
guys thought that the missing chroma key
was a joke hopefully most people think
it's a joke but no but I just apparently
forgot to put it on that one clip always
use your shortcomings to your advantage
yep oh I mean it was a joke I did it on
purpose it was a joke and I did it on
purpose no it was not a joke or on
purpose
so we're still tweaking tweaking the old
formula we might go we might go back to
real sex is way easier than what people
think about it though what do you guys
think about the new you look that's a
good question anonymous I'm not gonna
read that comment just wanna let you
know that I'm just curious
wow do you think
Jack fucked something up no way I know
it's weird I thought the audio is on
point this time though I found exactly
the right multiband compressor settings
- - even us out in Premiere because I
know with when recording on the h6 we we
would get peaks and valleys yeah some
parts are really quiet some parts are
really loud then you have to mix the
whole thing mix the whole thing but I
found in the compressors there's
something that brings up and brings down
and attacks and releases really nicely
okay I was really happy with that I
liked it but the retro cutouts were
still really on points it looks good but
I kept watching the asteroids it was an
experiment yeah Jack's background was
too distracting yeah I had the colorful
one you're right
it's alright guys next time I'll let
rich edit it you found the graphic
behind me a little distracting I could
see that it was an experiment sometimes
you got to mix it up mix up the old
formula yeah actually the majority of
people are saying they all liked it but
it was a bit distracting hmm we might
just go back to the real sets as it
would save us quite literally one day
that's the worst - and something takes a
ridiculous amount of time to export
because it's like it's done I want to
get it out there exactly I think so long
it's just there's just nothing you can
do there's nothing you can do there's
nothing you can do
rich is now playing on what difficulty a
veteran veteran now he was playing on
commander yeah yeah just keep bringing
it up wells keep bringing it up don't
stop bringing it up please let it be the
only thing you talk about I think it's
important though cuz you're you are a
veteran like an ex-con one veteran and
that's that speaks to the difficulty of
this game what version of Tempest was
playing behind me that was the arcade
version but I put yes I put on a 41 to
make it look more Pixley so that that's
just to the standard arcade version but
I put a fun effect on it just to make it
look different than the arcade version
because I thought it looked cool
leftover beefcake says this tip is for a
police quest two animated background
okay not much action in police quest too
but I want one anyways dammit okay you
know at teach one to one attach one to
one says I'm so sick of X campaign fans
putting so much importance on difficulty
settings and I I'm gonna echo that
comment with all games the important the
important part of a game is that it is
challenging to you and rewarding for
winning and if that is means that you
play at a lesser difficulty settings and
so be it everyone's different everyone
plays a little different now
it's it's not cool to make somebody feel
bad because they're playing on a lower
difficulty bright but I think it's fair
to like a higher difficulty okay sure
but yes and you should never make fun of
someone for playing at a lesser
difficulty the original well no the
original well the original just hard to
but I mean the new one I found it very
very rewarding to master sure and see I
like like you know like a game like
blood-borne or the Dark Souls game has
no difficulty settings
it just is as hard as the game
I really like the merits of the game
alone rich read starter says it's
refreshing to see an ex-con stream from
someone new to the series like myself
I'm not new to the series
I'm just really bad oh no I think he's
talking about like my Oh Oh about cuz I
know no you know I know nothing about XM
I'm looking forward to getting a little
more into it I've played an hour and a
half but most that time was spent making
my characters look fun which was really
fun I'm making the war girls every
character I'm making is going to be a
bald girl with a skull face paint and
I'm giving them all I'm giving them all
food names it's almost a joke it's
that's great that's great I'm teasing
you they're all great they're all my all
of my warriors are gonna be bald women
with skull face paint so they're gonna
be the war girls and I'm giving them all
food names because in my in my head when
you girls like eating know when you join
my army that there's only two things you
need to be worried about shooting aliens
and eatin food where you have the energy
well your next meal is gonna come from
exactly so you better shoot them aliens
oh shit no I do so I got a I got a
grenade
meant to do a waypoint and I fucked up
oh I got a heavy and she's ham sandwich
I got a sniper mac and cheese I got a
ranger that's spinach I would have had
issues anyway I just discovered this
website that specializes in producing
and selling realistic looking plastic
food and I now just want to adorn my
place with fake food what what is the
core what is why are they selling
realistic plastic I don't know but I'm
glad they are
realistic-looking uh cheeseburgers with
fries hot dogs all right don't get a
whole chicken cooked or uncooked yeah
yeah all sorts of stuff do you think
it's meant for like restaurants to like
showcase their food or I don't know you
don't care I don't care this is I know I
just want to use it to decorate rich
I'm really sorry for having to read all
these okay but I'm gonna read all these
anonymous would like to say rich would
you say that commander difficulty is
more difficult than next time - I'm
pretty sure you'd have no trouble with
commander difficulty in the first one
commander difficulty commander
difficulty I think they're making fun of
you for I think they're joking about
your dropping the difficulty level okay
also retreat Stardust says no that was a
dig at Rich's difficulty drop someone
new to the XCOM series was making fun of
you
so the chats making fun of you but
they're paying money to make fun of you
and so we'll read it you're all jerks
jack will you be giving out how much
money you've guys have made in subs and
donations fine if you say no just that
last year rich got a PC what about a PC
for Jack get one with an NVIDIA Quadro
we probably won't release those numbers
because I don't imagine that something
anybody does I my PC still plays games
well I've had it for a long time I mean
my my Mac is getting older it will be
time to upgrade but I'm a stubborn and
poor son of a bitch so
so it's just one of those things where
I'm I we like spending money on games we
bought XCOM - we pre-order that you know
all of the money goes towards the show
we bought nice lights
you bought this green screen this is a
great green screen by the way it folds
up and it's it's like a elastic on all
the sides it's so it's taut all the time
nice flat green screen bought this
webcam so we could do video you know
like all of the money goes to the stream
and if we get enough if we get enough
for a new computer for me that'd be
great but you know that's not a priority
at the moment okay okay well I'm gonna
get to that it's more than usual this is
yes like it's because you're here but
they're mostly asking things to you guys
maybe it's bad I don't know I don't know
nothing this this is what you get for
playing FTL you bastards I don't know I
don't know that's just what he said are
you guys looking forward to Deadpool at
all yeah yes man there you go it's a
movie I mean itit you're you're a fan of
Deadpool I don't know I think about
Deadpool I'm not even a super huge fan
of Deadpool it just looks fun it looks
like I mean it could be I I don't know
it looks like it could be possibly
trying too hard
maybe it had lots of really dated pop
culture references in the trailer which
was weird
we referencing like the Spice Girls like
Rosie O'Donnell like these feel really
out of date these references
that's Deadpool okay maybe that's the
character it'll make sense in the
context of the movie my good pair oh I
could go either way Lee I like Ryan
Reynolds and I like Deadpool so yeah I
appreciate my hopes up yeah I appreciate
that it seems to be like a passion
project of his like he's wanted to make
this for a while so that's neat
it's not just something that exists
because it's a known property I got any
no is Deadpool that well-known of a kiss
yes okay he's
very popular like it he's trying to
think of a fit of a good analogy where
it's like amongst the fans of people who
read comic book well a fans of comics
sure I'm talking about him like
everybody knows the x-men like a general
audience sure a general audience will
not know dude okay that's what I mean
but if you've even read one comic book
you know and love Deadpool okay he's the
he's the Boba Fett comics uh Grand Moff
Callie has an interesting proposition
for us rich yeah I'll I assume you mean
I'll donate two hundred and fifty
dollars okay if we shut the tips off for
the night is that unfair to other people
though but just want to ask questions or
whatever that it is a little unfair and
I don't know how this system works so I
don't know for sure that's why I'm
asking
it's an interesting proposition why
would anyone want to shut this off I
don't know uh uh here's one thing I can
say we probably won't be streaming for
terribly much longer we didn't start a
little bit earlier than want to shut
that off I'm gonna say even if you tip
that much my gut reaction is no we won't
shut them off because this is just
something we leave open where's the
extra and - I just don't think you're
gonna get your money's worth because I
don't know how much longer we're gonna
be streaming um
retreat Stardust would like to say rich
put himself in a digital dunking booth
we're talking about difficulty levels
and whatnot so that's it um lost in
Technicolor says here's a few bucks
I have no snarky comments because I'm
not an asshole that's your uh protector
color user two seven seven two two one
says Jay Bowman
is the wind beneath my wings every
moment without him on screen feels like
an eternity to me I think that says more
about you than it does about me there
you go Manny the Vera King one does rich
know about weapon mods he has picked up
a few already I I'm gonna get more in
depth in the game when there's not Oh My
gods and chitchat and everything yep I'm
gonna dig in later yes right now I'm
just casually fucking around okay - will
characters will characters get named
after subs donations like an old ex-con
screams not tonight
I don't even thinking about that well
and you know what not tonight because
you're just fucking around anyway
but if we play ex-con two more we're
gonna play X come two more yes we will
do that anonymous hey will you guys be
doing another best of the worst or
anything with max landis the last one
was great max landis does not live in
Milwaukee so to some degree that's up to
him yeah that's the problem with anyone
that we've worked with that doesn't live
in Milwaukee it's depending on schedules
and stuff he's obviously a fan of bad
news and I think he was verbose enough
to handle himself
but time will tell yeah time will tell
he's the Zaius I think you guys will get
more tips if you continue playing the
witness no sure are plenty of them will
be of people telling you to stop playing
but tips are tips PS I really enjoyed
that stream well thank you you know the
game got a little old for us I some
people do say that the witness to get
some
deeper as you go
nothing R into its own shit nothing
compelled me to play it more so I don't
think that's gonna happen are you guys
going to play the Wii U again I think
you'd enjoy Raymond and the Mario games
for co-op I love Raymond Raymond origins
is a fantastic platforming game I really
enjoyed that game so maybe is I don't
even know if origins is on Wii U or for
sequel but I really like that Raymond
game or one of our games yes we I mean
we have a Wii U we'll play it right now
it's X come to obviously this is a
question for a J so I'll have to wait
till he comes back into the room J any
chance feeding frenzy will be available
on DVD again oh my god um unknown at
this point we're not sure so there's
your answer it is available digitally
still though it was available on DVD for
a very long time we just recently sold
out and whether it's a worthwhile
investment to repress them is up in the
air that's the real question
that's the real question is do they feel
like enough will be sold to because it
yeah it's it's costly to do these things
to get these things pressed absolutely
so we'll see possibly that's a good
answer
I do not have a solid answer yet that
says no I think that's a fine answer
let's see here if you ever want to
include English captions in the disc for
your future films many of us are happy
to help for free myself included also
thanks for getting the wizard to sign my
space cop copy says dooby sandwich I
love you say what you're either one that
that was me forgery that's not true are
you the person that asked for just his
signature because somebody did that and
I thought that was now
one funny and he signed it great all
across the whole front yeah King wizard
I guess just for the novelty of having
the only copy signed by him and he's not
really in the movies in the background
one the scene scenes I love it I love it
so but you know the the point is if you
ever need someone to caption stuff for
you you have an army of volunteers all
right there we go thank you do be
sandwich lesbian laser battle would like
to say rich Tristar sector it's an indie
game with tactical ship combat kind of
like Masters of Orion - except for you
directly drive the ships what's it
called a star sector look into that I
like my serve variety rich is on it also
commander difficulty commander
difficulty star star what now
star sector star sector okay do you
wanna or did you want to write it down
yeah right there rich is writing it down
right now
he enjoys - yeah two words or one words
one word star sector star sector stir
stick - we mister sister Pfister you
write but it all rhymes it does but you
the fans for him there aren't you single
every single disgusting one of them what
happened to the feeding frenzy DVD I
want to ordered they sold out we just
sold out they sold out and like Jane
just explained it costs a lot of money
up front to have them printed it's not
like they print to order right and so
they need to decide whether or not it's
cost-effective and if anyone will buy
them besides you - in but it is still
available digitally it is still
available digital and it will very soon
be available in 1080 is right now it's a
720 okay and the extras that we're on
the DVD that are not on the digital
version will be available
so commentary and all that now sometime
in the near future that's a real up
there and and breaking news if you've
already purchased it I believe when I
add those things and update it you'll
get like an email notification saying
new material is available and you get
those and you will get those think if
you've already produced it yeah nice
that's not complete jerks yeah
especially since the the DVD went out of
print is like we should get this stuff
that's not available that's I think
that's very Commission I thought I'd oh
I don't know whatever it's fine it's
fine
you didn't extract the VIP yeah yeah
that's great news Jam yeah alright let's
see here tell Jay to watch serial
experiments lain never even heard of
serial experiments lain and Lena spelled
l AI n I have up cereal though and I
said they said watch okay I don't know
what that is you don't know what that is
never heard of this thing they're
hunched over when they're wounded yeah
as neat what is it cereal what serial
experiments lain alright I'm looking it
up Jays looking it up oh don't it's an
anime oh yeah I probably won't Lane is
an anime he's probably not gonna watch
okay anonymous says no offense to jackar
Jay but rich will you ever stream X come
to solo why would we take offense i-i've
never planned XCOM I mean uh solo
streams in advance really they just kind
of happened
I don't I can only assume if rich is
doing a solo stream anytime soon it will
become to possibly all those dreams
aren't a thing that happens maybe other
dragons don't know she knows rich likes
Dragon's Dogma history I do I do
strangely yeah J yes sorry the last time
in Eclair was so shitty says the real
van was it shitty last time you were no
Claire when was the last time I was in
Eau Claire I have no idea was that for
the anime convention oh maybe that's it
oh yeah
any plans for future meet and greets in
Wisconsin Twin Cities area uh no plans
at the moment no okay we're usually out
drinking pretty Layton's we hit up most
of the bars alright I am got says Jack
let's start a Kickstarter to raise money
for a GoFundMe so I can get a new
computer I don't think I need like I
don't need one yet I'm just I I think I
can eke out at least another year
how old is yours very it's six years old
okay
I've upgraded the RAM recently but you
know that helps yeah and I'm like when I
got it I got the one with the the nicer
processor but it's still you know it's a
six year old processor well sure yeah I
want to still get get work out of it I
know it takes a while sometimes but it's
not working I think I think I can make
another year with this one is my hope
because computers be expensive okay
anonymous as Michael Caine you cross the
line oh no way I know I need to get my
wife who came back what do we do when we
thought you crossed the line mr. white
you squeezed them
he hammered em to the point of
desperation and in their desperation
they turned to a man they didn't fully
understand
that's pretty good uh yeah that's
Michael Caine does this awful cockney
accent isn't that just as acts I think
that's just his voice I think you see
boys but Alfred is a butler yeah he is
an old-school British Butler and British
Butler's do not have cockney accent
because they serve royalty so they would
not have a commoner accent but he didn't
serve oil he's just a guy that's a
butler he's out he's a butler yes
probably got a really complicated
backstory if only we would have been
known any oven
I fucking hate him he's the worst no
Michael Caine's fine you know he's not
Alf
who's Alfred in the new one is there an
Alfred and Baron oh there is it's a it's
someone we know - oh that's right it's
Jeremy RBIs
yeah thank God I could see Jeremy Irons
isn't a good Alfred I guess
Jeremy Irons I mean it's no it's no
Dungeons & Dragons
if he played it like he played his role
in Dungeons & Dragons
then we'd have something that is the
best thing the dragon holy shit right
it's just the best just died no no Hans
Gruber Snape come on man LM gonna go
what about him is Alfred Oh Alfred yeah
he would make a good Alfred
he can't anymore he can't rest in peace
rest in peace Alan Rickman oh he
wouldn't make it
oh and that just makes me some more said
he would he was made the perfect Alfred
that too Alfred is the Snape you know
like very stern very businesslike but
caring undertones Oh
Oh that just made me so sad thinking of
what a great thinking of what a great
Alfred he would have been oh that's all
right that's okay that's okay
rest in peace Alan Rickman and rest in
peace every other artist that we grew up
with because they're all dying all dying
right now everybody's done you know what
they're gonna keep dying
I know it's unfortunate we're at that
point where it's welcome to aging mother
fucker we're at that void where
was starting to pass away at a more
regular pace his first big one Robin
Williams huge actor from our youth it
wasn't really good that wasn't an old
age he wasn't old when we were young
yeah yeah but I mean the Alan Rickman is
not an old age thing either like yeah
that's the other thing yes if Robert
Williams had dementia which I've heard
he had Robert Williams Robin Williams
had dementia which I heard he had then
yeah age cut it was a factor yeah guts
going nuts says the chat sucks Jay Lane
Lane is nothing like typical anime which
is exactly what everyone says
everybody says that lame-o but no no
this is a life difference but it's all
crap okay guys go feed teenagers I just
rose with squeaky voices every girl
anime talks like a four-year-old thank
you as a three-year-old talks like a
four-year-old that's that's an ideal
Japanese woman for you I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna speak for you Jay but I assume
that one of the things that you like
about movies is the process of
moviemaking yes and so with an animated
feature it's it's not it doesn't have
the I mean I like animated fisher's I've
just not see I've seen some anime and I
haven't seen any that's really you know
and you know I I know it's not to say it
doesn't exist maybe I will try again at
some point but right we'll see they're
12 and dressed like a stripper but she's
really a hundred and fifty years old
that's every anime you're right but 1500
is what they said oh I read there
although it's surreal super slow science
fiction series at least look at it okay
I will look into it I make that promise
oh well there you go I already have it
in my history now on IMDB so okay I will
go back
um blow tractor says Jeremy Irons is
Alfred every time Bruce leaves to do
Batman stuff Alfred invites his friends
over it's and it's like dead ringers
dead ringers see it's a David Cronenberg
movie okay which means it's weird and
fucked-up and he plays twin brothers
that are Gynaecologists and it gets and
shit gets creepy it's a great movie and
his performance in it it's the two twins
is really good I love it don't know if
this has been asked yet but will you
guys make J play outlast 2 when it comes
out he seemed to like the first one I
think we're gonna try to make J play
another horror movie or horror video
game sure cuz he liked he did like that
a little bit about last I did we still
need to do our no board run oh for an
alien within this point it's no it's
gonna happen we said it was gonna happen
at one point the entire stream will be
Jay plays alien isolation until he gets
bored and then the whole stream is done
okay cuz I what you know why cuz I think
it's funny it'll be in 20 minutes
streaming it'll either be like I guess
we are the only people on the Internet
alright it's true guy guts going nuts I
know guts going nuts would like to say
you guys suck - it's not like that he
about you know plain isn't like every
other enemy
I wouldn't recommend this if I didn't
think it was right up Jays alley okay
and like Jay said it is in his eye and
ie
I will read more about it and make a
decision based on that we'll see there
we go that's going that's weird we're
just poking at you man and someone who
typically hates anime yeah I'm kind of
curious about berserk yeah she's got a
fantasy thing but I know the main hero
is just kind of horribly violent and
kills things I like a lot of anime I
enjoy it because because it's so
fantastical and you can do things in an
animated feature that no one could ever
do in a real movie oh sure and that's
why I love it chap what I like berserk
as you know me you some of you think you
do it's not your entirely wrong
would I like berserk berserk is great
not if you think it's great what I think
it's great
berserk is creates anime this is the
best berserk is really good
berserk is great read the comic there's
what they're saying we come
berserk is fucking sick mazurkas good
just read the manga it's it really
sounds like you should read the comic
okay but maybe maybe I'll look into it
at some point okay thank you
Dark Souls gets a lot of inspiration
from berserk according to thank you of
for subscribing berserk influenced Dark
Souls the anime lures you in to the
manga everyone at everyone is saying
read the comic read the comic read the
comic read the comic read the comic read
the chemical well now I have to know
what did the anime do wrong that's
that's a good question
Dark Souls blood-borne and some elements
of Dragon's Dogma have been inspired by
berserk
berserk sucks circus violent and rapey
question mark
so it's an animes I like that comment I
like that comment the anime didn't do
anything wrong it's just the pencil art
in the comic is incredible
okay I can see that I really enjoyed
that that kind of style that pencil art
style
are you done rich I'm you don't I'm okay
I'm gonna say this plate a little bit
yeah I missed the sick bullets crawled
around the alien looking alien oh yes I
don't know I'm sure I'm sure
aliens are gonna start appearing sure
but the humanoids kind of literally let
none okay how I mean knowing very little
about XCOM one or you know new ex-con
one this seemed very similar in gameplay
style thank someone I need to digest
this okay this you're not ready for
playing this in a weird environment oh
my god being yelled in my ear every ten
seconds that's my own fault
the intent was to be once every five to
ten minutes not 10 seconds
what's guts they're the things that are
inside the body guts guts going nuts
says guess where guts is from that's
right fucking berserk you need to get
this comic in this bizarre comic that's
rich men choosing rich mentions may be
liking possibly one anime and every once
I get it fucking get it but read the
manga the mangas better than guys you
got do it now
Jack notices dudes says it's been too
long since I know my god here's five
bucks
no thanks Jax knows is dude I want you
to pull up the subscribers escapees you
got escapees I'm gonna start from
scratch so I'm not worried about saving
shit I'm sure it autosave 48 times oh oh
I get a guts is the name of the
protagonist in berserk and his name is
guts going nuts okay
who goes nuts I get I get it now we are
like weirdly out-of-focus now oh it's
cuz I fuck is it is it about a character
who's going nuts are you just jumping to
conclusions now oh I think you're just
jumping to conclusions well or just
rhymes yeah exactly
okay great let's do this where is it
nothing I thought you had it up on your
laptop I don't have it over my lifetime
oh I had no I told you I had that oh you
didn't
okay joking nope no it's Thursday I see
it's behind it that's the OBS I honestly
thought it was on your life I thought
you had that and that we didn't turn on
the twat sure you guys are an
embarrassment we are an embarrassment
indeed
