Dec 7, 2016
Chatting with Edmund McMillin
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/112316377
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Yg8j5AI0sc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/806551707106897920
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/806649995269128192

this I I had no idea you made Gish I
played that back in the day that is that
is probably the first kind of you know
indie game I ever played
that was my second claim to fame
oh my corn that's that's what I realized
it was a thing the indie games like
people are making games now he rich I I
wasn't there first room and rich was
playing a little binding of issac and he
came across a little Gish and not
knowing who you were he goes man you
know what that little monster looks a
lot like a Gish and I'm typing furiously
in the chat oh my god so by the way
welcome everyone welcome to the stream
with us today for realsies is edmund
mcmillen game designer artist husband
father all acolyte of the Church of
Breen husband father I only know that
because I follow you on twitter
hopefully yeah husband father sounds a
little weird I mean it's true so I guess
I can say it so it's true
yeah yeah husband father as well aren't
you I a husband father as well exactly
high five man private digital high five
all over the place for for having no
sleep no sleep til Brooklyn
till Brooklyn what the hell that's a
that is a Beastie Boys song the Beastie
Boys are away it's not even a new song
rich that's a pretty famous song how do
you miss that one my father did not know
who did satisfaction wasn't it wasn't
your father then wait what does that
have to do with you not knowing no sense
of Brooklyn
I didn't know who did satisfaction I
inherited inherited inherited I
inherited my music knowledge from my
father is what I'm saying
I don't think that's a hereditary thing
oh god damn it I'm telling a musing
anecdote people are all down my throat
about it you know the Beastie Boys they
were just in the Star Trek yeah they're
the Star Trek band I think that's what
made him famous right was the Star Trek
that was their breakout hit yeah the
classical song from Star Trek I'm
looking for a gift in the Game Capture
so we can see the game that would be
important I'm just the last-minute
change I was all set up for XCOM now I'm
playing dish let the awkward to be
playing a game while chatting with the
person that made the game there was a
very there's a large back and forth
about whether we play one of your games
or whether we just play you know a game
that we would normally play and there
was a very large back and forth about it
but now that now that you've mentioned
Gish yeah I mean if not I mean I'm not
gonna I don't play many other games so
I'm not gonna be able to do any kind of
commentary on anything else you guys are
playing I only know my own stuff gasps
Oh baby
bitch oh my god I'm just bumping into
things with my foot left and right I'm a
terrible thank you and thank you
Tiberius Kirk for actually actually
telling the chat who is in who is
talking with us what's in the title of
the day I got that right at least right
the title is the title of the the stream
I have no idea okay I have no idea
so Edie Edmund Edward yeah hey
Eddard can I call you a tard one time I
got sent you how was it it was on a
Starbucks cup when I said my name it was
a it went to Eden and then it was just
was I've gotten everything but my name
on the Connick
I mean my name is not a common name but
I feel like such a mush mouth when I
have to say it and then I just give up
and I say head I like my wife is here by
the way that's who I'm asking
for memories baby say hello
she's a big fan she's embarrassing she's
walking out that that is our key
demographic babies on anything anybody
under three okay
that's who we're going as soon as they
start hitting four or five they're
they're too young to tell you you're
playing the game wrong so that's that's
that's why they're fans you're doing it
wrong that's how can I so if I if I if I
watch the stream though since you guys
aren't streaming it to me I'm not gonna
see it live so I'm gonna be commenting
delayed but I'm still gonna mute it and
watch it no it's we are streams are
usually just us bullshitting anyway I
mean it's all fine it is been a while
since I've played this game it's been a
while since I have played this game it's
a whole other world you're dishing
trying to figure out what the controls
are with a gamepad you don't want to
just use a keyboard you have a keyboard
right yeah yeah yeah the controls are
quite ham fisted I did not know what I
was doing back then you said this is
your second the second game you've made
now this was my second claim to fame the
the first the first thing game type
thing I made that people knew me for was
dead baby dress up I think you've heard
timing on that I think you have your own
hype man deadbeat is and I assume dead
baby dressed up is kind of what it
sounds like just dressing up a dead baby
it's just it's actually your dressing up
the blue baby from Isaac which I guess
you could say the blue maybe from Isaac
is from dead baby dress up it's just a
blue baby doll with X eyes then you
dress up different ways Oh
it was its from the the early 2000 2000
so I think that came out and that
literally people knew me as Edmund dead
baby Macmillan for quite a few years and
then I made Gish and then people knew
from that this is this is this is what I
remember getting by the way this is uh
whatever happen it just this one part
and people try to figure out how to jump
yep jumpin the way you're gonna need to
do is get sticky after you get up past
that is I'm just dumb supposed to be
this difficult 30 are you just rusty I
got it I got it
the game is just fighting the controls
the whole way through once you get it
it's pretty neat but I've played I don't
I have played this before and I do like
it so I worked out a sequel to this game
for a year that ended in utter disaster
no kiddin
the controls were greatly improved that
was the one thing that I was quite happy
with yeah I was actually working on
working on Gish too and then when it
fell through I didn't I needed something
to like do this do the old switcheroo
with with Microsoft and Nintendo and
it's like oh shit like what are we gonna
do well I have this game called Meat Boy
so flash game let's just do that and
nothing ever came from that no that was
a big flop and I and I went back to Game
Stop yes well we're so happy you could
be here in between shifts yeah we know
this is a tough time of year holiday
time of year I think that's probably
where I know that's where Jay initially
knew you from as that guy from indie
game the movie yeah I thought it was
that guy from Gamestop that's where
you're going to tell me with the game
stop yeah yeah there's like a sudden
surge of any game of the movie watchers
that due to like flooding Twitter in the
past two days and I'd still don't know
what's going on I'm always curious
unlike
when I get like a bunch of tweets around
specific things it's like because
recently was Gish and people are saying
that it was from you guys playing it Oh
like really like this yet or at least or
at least mentioning yeah and that was
like I was like why are you guys
messaging me about Gish I wonder if did
indie game the movie recently like it
added to Netflix or and that's what I
was like yeah I think I must have done
so I think Netflix actually promoted it
and that's what happened oh because
they've been Navin on Netflix from the
beach since the beginning and little
extra bonus they did like a three-disc
thing with a bunch of extra footage and
then they put half of it on Netflix is
like an hour-to-hour bonus features
thing which people think is a sequel but
it's not it's called life after after
well and you know after me I mean I was
always a big fan of meatboy but it was
the after meat boy time that that I
really that I really came to should get
to know your work with the binding of
issac which happens to be one of my
favorite games ever ever ever yeah he
plays that constantly it's actually kind
of sad how much he plays that game my
wife's the same way my wife was the
original play tester for it from way
back when and she's actually not over
exaggerating she probably plays about
two or three hours a day every day and
she like recently when after birth came
out on PlayStation she erased her save
and just went in again from the
beginning so I I see that game often I
don't need to play test because I just
watch her I still like and I play mostly
on the Vita so I don't have after birth
yet unfortunately but I still grab get a
you know it's my that's my go to
bathroom game yeah
15:29 that was dumb while you're alive
still so it's fine
and then the other the other thing I
know you from is is just talking about
bad movies we we chat often on the
Twitter mostly about Neal Breen but just
about bad movies in general everybody I
don't know why more people aren't
talking about milberry on Twitter the
other the other day he tweeted um what
did he tweet his tweets he did the wrong
movie he tweeted about his last movie
and said fateful findings out now and
then in quotes in quotes it says rave
reviews yeah that retweeted that once it
was a separate one he's done that
multiple times now where I'll just put
in quotations it's not really do
anything great reviews it's yeah he
shakes it up he doesn't want to sound
like it's all coming from one person so
when might be talking about my
experience with neoprene yeah I guess I
do want you to talk about your
experience with neoprene because I find
that man to be endlessly fascinating so
what two years ago
I think I saw random post in a forum
talking about the release of his movie I
am I am here dot dot dot now yes that
was his first one right
that was the second leg of one what was
the first double downs this first double
downs the first okay yeah it has the
best production I think of I think was a
wasn't film it was actually like not
digital Double Down still film yeah yeah
Double Down he invested in that one I
had to cost him a pretty penny
father no no only because he had to I'm
sure you guys haven't seen the latest
one
we haven't we're waiting for a special
spoilers spoilers oh no did you like the
tunic and scenes because trash makes
major appearance in this movie
repeatedly and it's always the same like
six pieces of trash and it's always like
an empty I think there's the recurring
theme is
empty a pineapple ring again okay in
every image to put it in the for fuckin
foreground I don't know
right by the camera there it is there
recycle your props that's how you save
your budget it's pretty amazing because
it always looks like he literally just
grabbed the bag of garbage and then
dumped it right out right in front and
then it's done but uh yeah so I heard I
heard about I am here now and just the
title alone got me interested and I
think I watched a bit of it on on
YouTube and I was like oh my god and
then I saw the trailer for double down
and I was like I like I need this and I
I tried my best to collect DVDs of
things I like just a wall of my wall of
DVDs and I really wanted physical copies
of it
so I tried to track down Neil Breen
through Facebook and tried to get
physical copies because I couldn't find
physical copies of any of his old movies
at all so I'm watching the stream I'm
just gonna minimize this so don't get
distracted stop talking about Neal
Brennan tell rich oh yeah I'm terrible
not great I I have no idea I messaged
him and it was a really weird exchange
because it was like hey I really want to
buy your stuff and he's like too bad
sold out like Donald Trump like he talks
like bullet points
he's like too bad sold out rave reviews
and I was like I know this guy has
copies and I'm like I really really like
I will pay you whatever just I can I can
send you the money via PayPal whatever
it takes
and he's like no sorry and then I'm like
what about because I have a friend who
works at a local theatre does midnight
movies maybe do mid that movie of
DoubleDown or something he's like they
did this like copy paste of my movie is
copy written it can never be shown
anywhere without my permission that is
illegal like just this big old legal
statement you know
like holy shit and I was just training
I'm like listen I don't want to steal
your stuff I want to pay you for your
stuff I want the physical copy of your
stuff and then he was like okay he's an
enigma two weeks later two weeks later I
have three signed two DVDs are they just
now are they just the DVD in a jewel
case they are just the DVD in the jewel
case except they're professionally
printed they're not like burnt discs
yeah that's we just got a new one yeah
they are yeah and it's just a DVD or
it's printed on the front but it's a
system to jewel case it's just of his
face with black in the background no
it's just text it's just a white DVD
with text on it oh and a gigantic FBI
warning there's like 30 bucks I was like
30 bucks says he doesn't even print
cases he's like you he knows his
business
yeah he's a minimalist I'm not gonna
waste time on that crap things the art
is in the film not on the cover Jay
exactly if you do the first two DVDs the
art is on the DVDs it's like this
bizarre it's a picture of his face it's
really close in and then he reuses the
same image from the double down image on
the I am here now image the same image
except he just zooms it in a bit more so
it's like I thought that the as he made
more movies I was going to get more
discs and closer and closer to its face
but his tenth ago he is just get a
close-up of his nose friends that swear
up and down that he is doing this
purposefully but I I don't he'd have to
be the craziest genius in the world in
order to pull that off like he is so
that's what long ruse if he's being
deliberately bad yeah he's very
dedicated yeah and he's a very good
actor
yeah he's a very good terrible actor in
his latest movie and I messaged him
saying I got the movie it was great you
know my friends really liked it and it
was I mean the his latest film is
phenomenal like it gonna put that in
quotes though my brain huh you got to
put
Quotes though phenomenal film phenomenal
thumb he clearly do that now sure but I
just said yeah no it was great and then
he just said did you get the meaning of
the lion what yeah and I was like no
didn't where do you talk to him on
Facebook
yeah Facebook she actually responds to
one of his pages himself of course and
he will respond Wow yeah and I was like
oh and I'm like I think it means this
this and this and he's like close dot
dot dot my question mark I'm like what
what do you mean he's like sorry you
have to figure it out for yourself yes
just to make sure that you're thinking
yeah yeah I guess but no yeah I mean I
can't honestly I am here now as his
worst movie as far as unwatchable bad
like he really reuses footage over and
over and over again but it has been
pretty funny like it edges into like
college art film stuff like baby doll
pieces in the desert coming out from oh
yeah I've seen some clips of it I
haven't watched the whole thing
baby doll pieces in the desert did I
hear you correctly are you shocked by
that I mean we're getting pretty you
know cuz we've only seen double down and
we were getting hints of you know
already is fuck but I don't know if I
wasn't ready for baby doll Rd as fuck
yet he goes he goes they're in that one
for sure that and he lays on top of the
woman in that woman he is on top of
woman well he think he's making love is
that the thing like I actually believe
that's how you do it right again but I'm
pretty sure that that's cut in a way
when he lays on top of the woman he's
actually just they just superimposed him
over at the top of her oh my god so that
could be
worth it in itself I mean either way
you're gonna gotta watch them all the
movies because they all arousal this
deep story I still talk talk J and Mike
into watching them chronologically we
can't no we can't all of a sudden just
jump to his later we got to get into the
newest one cuz that's the the hip new I
do recommend watching them also you get
you get the real like we need a movies
but there are subtle differences and I'm
like can you tell me give me a hint on
what the hell the ghosts in the new
movie is what does that pertain to
because it seems like you're like
teasing us with this ghost and then you
reveal something spoiler and I won't say
anything and then suddenly it's back
again the way it was before and he's
like I can't tell you and I'm like okay
no is it the same ghost that's some
fateful findings and he goes not the
same ghosts the world of green deepens
man but no it's it's yeah it's it's
magical I can't say enough good things
about those movies and how intertwined
they are and how they're painting this
picture of this person's brain that is
phenomenal like I say yeah there's like
some sort of meta-commentary or get a
story going on outside of the movies
there is it's it's like like well
obviously you guys appreciate the room
for its weirdness and everything and
like I mean to me the room it crosses
the line from a bad movie into a good
movie because of how out out there like
almost like outsider art but really well
produced it's like this polished up
alien well it's legitimately
entertaining and the same way like troll
2 is where things are just like weird
I mean you are laughing at it but you
leave in a good mood swings like troll -
there's like that with that odd all
these movies I feel like there's the
ongoing theme and all the best bad
movies is that it's somebody in
somebody's interpretation of what
America is yeah yeah the best movies are
made by people that are usually
Outsiders yeah and like even Neil Breen
is like he's really about being an
American like he's all about it and this
is his interpretation of what being an
American is and those those themes are
just so it really does it opens this
whole like meta experience where you are
diving into this person's past and
experiencing things through their eyes
and it just turns into this magic weird
experience and Neil Breen is definitely
painting of a clearer and clearer
picture of what's going on and his fears
and I think that's something we always
say is like you know what makes the best
worst movies is like this mixture of
incredible ego and lack and incredible
incompetence unwarranted unwarranted ego
yeah that whole thing is just all about
like getting into the person that made
this like why did you make any of these
decisions yeah
Neil brains weird too because at this
point he knows that he has an audience
that watches his movies because they're
bad but he never seems to acknowledge
that or comment he just stays like
focused on his vision and his message is
very words I feel we're talking to him
about it because it's like I don't and I
never feel like I'm being me and being
like are you sucking I'm laughing at you
and I've had friends that were like that
it's like hey come over we'll watch this
movie it's no better man than I am feels
that that way like I'm not I'm not like
enjoying I wouldn't I don't know but
like with me Oh Breen like I want to
tell him why I enjoy his work yeah and I
don't I don't because I'm worried that
he'll stop talking to me but he does he
goes to the the showings of his movie
he sees that people are laughing right
like yeah but he doesn't say that he
analogous like on Twitter he'll say like
great response and things like that when
he when he talks about like a theater
screening of a movie he possibly just
assumes that they don't get him that
canvas yeah that's true these these
Philistines glanced and you got it man
guys man you gotta see this you just
watch them all I don't think we could
handle them all in one sitting
no and that's what people have suggested
and it's like we need some variety on
that's the worst
we can't just do three Neal Breen movies
because they're all gonna be the same
the same did you guys ever watch Ben and
Arthur Anaya no I've heard of it I
haven't heard of it what's better Arthur
if I send you guys a copy will you watch
it um people call it a gay version of
the room Oh except yes I've heard of
this movie okay
did someone no one direct it like a bad
no known bad move no no no even think
it's like sent it's like super super
indie but it's yeah it got it got picked
up by a I guess um a prominent publisher
of gay movies and it's out of control
that's one that I wasn't sure if I'd
seen in you guys watch it and copy that
it's I guess what we're saying is we
could use a copy
well I'm sure one can find its weight
towards you guys yeah usually I usually
dump I dumped all of my movies that I I
basically go through I went through a
phase of just searching and searching as
you guys do I'm sure like searching for
the the next awesome movie that nobody's
talking about yeah like that's the whole
point
yeah yeah I want to dig deep down in
there and I just started hoarding shit
loads of movies for a good year and then
I just ended up with this mega shelf of
garbage and I know I it's like how do I
even dig through this and I started just
trying to rap
fire through things and I send all of my
junk to James who I'm working on with
Bumbo he was a he's the guy that did all
the trailers for my games as well
yeah and I've worked on a couple
different projects with him and so he
gets all my all the stuff that like I
don't want to put on my shelf so he gets
the bottom leftovers so not only is he
your programmer but he's also like your
storage closet garbage man good sorry I
was trying to be polite I'm sure so much
but ya know he knows that I'm sending
him the stuff that I can't deal with
that's great that's better
and softcore pornography usually ends up
in there too it's like oh what's this
this is $2.00 oh it's off we're not Rafi
I thought you were like just changing
the subject
yeah day all over again we watched we
watched bad movies on my birthday we had
this Oh daddy what was it called like
vixen deadly vixen it was one of those
cheapo and everyone was just the worst
softcore porn it was a terrible night oh
yeah there was the the one that was shot
like in Vegas in the hotel yes that one
called a vampire in Vegas that's what it
was it was it was about a vampire in
Vegas and everyone was yeah we just kept
fast-forwarding into the sex scenes to
try and hopefully get the funny like
like dialogue scenes man I wonder if
there are pornos out there that are so
awkward when it comes to the sex scenes
that they're watchable again I'm sure
there is
someone else can do that once you dip
your toe in that pool there's no turning
back
right west of the worst is just gonna
turn into a show about pornography
we need a porn version of best of the
worst not that we do someone else needs
to do someone else needs to do like
maybe that's an idea we could pitch to
like the Playboy channel is that still a
thing I don't know yeah sure it's a
thing they don't even have nudity in
their magazine anymore
is that true yeah they stopped to have a
nudity are you kidding no what and don't
ever nobody knows about this it's the
fucking point
my nudity do you mean like inside of the
woman well they never did that oh they
did no that's a hustler the hustler
playboy didn't playboy was classy but
they don't have nudity anymore
wait what look it up look I think it was
just earlier this year or last year they
made the the business decision to no
longer have nudity oh really what so now
the people would still get it and say
they only get it for the articles aren't
lying because it's only harder because
it smelly but I think they still have
pictures but it's like like just sexy
pictures you know like not not no boobs
no nipple right right like so like a
teenager could go and just buy this I
guess I think they're realizing that
nobody buys we print magazines anymore
so they're just trying to do something
different
nobody nobody buys magazines for
pornography anymore yeah that's I think
they're trying to change their their
image I don't know I haven't read much
about it I just remember hearing about
that a while back now we're now we're a
maxim ripoff magazine this issue of
Playboy had to be a better Christian
they went in very weird directions but
you know they're more popular now than
ever it was mind-blowing Lee odd yeah
the fact that I wasn't aware I guess it
shows that well nobody pays attention to
Playboy yeah no one cares
I think that's lovely by the way that
that's like I also discuss all of us not
knowing this about Playboy proves that
playboy needed to change a holler Ella
playboy yeah well it also proves it
didn't work playboy got better flavor
maybe they have really great interesting
articles now I have no idea
didn't even good articles before though
I don't know I know beckons then they
used to have like like legitimate
authors like known authors write short
stories and shed way back when think
they did yeah oh yeah I think they were
known for their interviews and stuff too
yeah they're challenging interviews
they're challenging interviews they ask
the tough question what shape of boob do
you like the pony around go
oh that's Maximus stupid crevice yeah I
didn't know if Maxim is still around I
have no clue I have no idea who reads
any magazine yeah I have a subscription
to a weird magazine called 14 times 40 M
times 14 it's like a it's like a weird
pseudoscience Illuminati you know like
Bigfoot shit like all that weird made-up
stuff that stuff's fun yeah out of it
but it's fun to read about it's it's
quite entertaining
yeah you get to see like the new the new
viral you know bullshit that's going
around about you know the latest one
it's clowns guys those clowns
what happened to that that was like like
right around October that just stopped I
don't hear any was done for like
standing out in front of schools with
knives dressed as clowns and they got
arrested and people stopped doing it
maybe we shouldn't do this maybe it's
not so high it got real shit got real in
the clowning world and they took it too
far
yeah absolutely Wow I don't know if you
guys ever heard of this it was called um
paper man
they were here about this oh no it was
um it's like very slender man asked but
it was I think before that it came from
like shadow people you hear about that
pole craze
hmm yeah there's so this that was
actually from the early 2000s Internet
boomed with the idea that there was
there are these multiple these
multi-dimensional beings that you would
like you know when you're like sitting
in bed and your eyes are all fucked up
from the light and then you like you're
like what am I seeing I'm seeing like
shapes moving around and they look like
they're silhouettes of people like that
sort of thing yeah that those are shadow
people guys oh my god and then it became
paper people and it was like the idea
that these people had these run-ins with
these solid black one dimensional flat
people oh alright
whatever whatever happened to the
black-eyed kids the black-eyed peas
Fergie Fergie went solo and you know I
think will.i.am is still doing stuff
he's like an activist now or something
he's a great joke so you're welcome
everyone what are the black eyed people
I don't know that like I children my
children they would knock on your door
and always in pairs and they would ask
to be invited in and if you invited them
in it was bad news but there was like
supernatural shenanigans were what would
you feel like and usually calm around
them I forget what it was this is the
thing that was going around the internet
a few years ago I never heard it yes it
was kind of like a retelling of grey
aliens there was there was also ties to
like oh yeah and then they would look
behind the kids and there was a man in
black standing by a car oh so dark
creepy story thing yeah let's see
actually this world's in we had we had
someone who wanted to ask you a question
ed which was you know where some of the
weird ideas for your games come from as
we are fighting little poop monsters
that shoot out smaller poop monsters I
does it all come from this weird
magazine you guys don't know about it
once once that gets out I'm exposed and
it's over absolutely I would say number
one would be growing
Catholic I'd be the big one I had went
through seven years of catechism and
made a lasting impression anyone who
grew up Catholic anyone who I knew
growing up Catholic is now a staunch
anti religious person I try I try not to
be but I am Catholic I don't remember a
single damn thing I was taught it is all
just went in one ear out the other
like I never paid attention to any of it
smarter with all the kids and catechism
with me we're like the worst fucking
kids and somehow I was the one that was
targeted as a bad one
oh yeah I had the same experience IIIi
was in a Catholic school for a little
while and everyone else fucking jerk
and because they picked on me some
reason the nuns thought it was my fault
no did they hit you then do they still
they did not know that I was never hit
by a nun I didn't say you can remember I
did have her yank my little brother by
like the collar of his sweatshirt but
she wasn't happy with something in it
she's young yanked him evil nun oh yeah
she was an evil nun I hope she's dead
she probably that's fine yeah now she's
in heaven she smacked around enough kids
to get into heaven there's a tally you
have to hit so man it's like a video
game absolutely they you have to smack
around so many kids do you guys know who
Jack Chick is he just roll yeah yeah
okay so I'm an avid collector of Chick
tracts Christian comics disease I'm sure
Chick tracts are like little Bible
tracts their comic books okay they're
about the size of what are they about
the size of little wallet they were
small yeah yeah I think legitimately
like satirical no they don't okay
they're for yeah they're for real
there's fire and brimstone
yeah Chick tracts because Gaia made him
his name Jackie
and he wanted to convert people to
Christianity and his idea to convert
people is to make these little comic
books about people who live you know
horrible sinless lives and sometimes
they find Jesus yeah other times they
don't find Jesus then they die and burn
in hell yeah I think I hate her tiny
comic book yeah I won't they're really
like well drawn to like Jack himself did
most of the the more like primitive
cartoony stuff which is pretty nice and
they are very upsetting
like very I don't even I yeah there's
there's one called Lisa
it's an infamous one oh yeah where you
know this one I've heard about it I've
never read it's been revised over the
years one of the reasons why a lot of
people collect these is because he keeps
doing revisions to keep him up with the
times and every once in a while he'll do
a black version so it'll be like the
white people version and the black
people version and some of the some of
the old black versions in the 70s they
were very jive and he didn't really
change it he didn't really change the
dialogue until recently Mindi's was Lisa
the one with the child illness really
finds Jesus yes where this alcoholic
father horse his like six-year-old
daughter out to his friends she gets
AIDS she dies and he goes to heaven we
found Jesus it was okay doesn't matter
what you do it you can do the most
horrible shit ever and at the very end
you just see one frame of the guy on his
knees looking up and it says and he went
to heaven oh my god but the daughter the
N is the daughter that didn't know any
better that was just gonna record I went
to I wasn't converted well I don't know
if she would shit probably probably this
is beautiful that's amazing I kind of
love this pretty finally check it out
like it's like they're some of them are
just so flavorful there
like he knows he's got a website they're
all available I think you can hook em
all dark dungeons is a really popular
one that does anti D and D one you know
that one was made no movie yeah yeah
backstory is Jack chick made a tract
about how dungeons and dragons is
secretly ran by like witches
oh sure and they're trying to convert
you into Satanism and it's horribly
cheesy yeah and the it's kind of
infamous people love it because it's so
cheesy and the this group of people they
went to jack check and said yeah we want
to make a movie about this chick the
check you made about the Dungeons and
Dragons and he was like he's an old
confused man he was like okay he just
gave them the rights to make a movie
oh I'm the comic and they did it
sarcastically right but is it's a
feature or is it like a short I think
they probably expanded it made it into a
feature I don't know I haven't seen it
I've heard of it okay say we need to get
this sounds perfect when was this made
few years ago this is recent
he lived to be he died this year he was
in his 90s I've heard of him cuz he died
this year and I think I read an article
or something oh he was super fucked I
honestly thought he'd been dead for
years and they were just like creating
this illusion that he was still alive
and still that's not I mean he's another
one of the persons that I person's what
the fuck he's another one of the people
that I kind of tried I tried to
infiltrate that I really all I wanted is
an original Jack chick drawing I don't
fucking care what it is perhaps on the
floor and I wrinkled my way in as a
Christian and I I asked around contacted
a bunch of different people like
basically pleading for anything and this
is his secretary sent me something and
it was a photocopy it was a photocopy
like you know like I don't know if you
guys ever made comics but you're usually
way bigger and then they shrink him down
right and the initial photocopy they
usually will take it take the initial
scan and then reduce it but they usually
make a copy of it first and she sent me
that instead of the original and it was
like ah I still have it though awesome
so close
it's so far I know now it's over we can
still find original work if it's
probably I would just be a lot more
expensive yeah it's like a vault man
I've tried I've really tried well uh
they're probably protective because they
they know that people think he's a joke
talk about it they did yeah they made it
your truck saying that you go to hell if
you collect Chick tracts that is so meta
I mean that we know you're making fun of
these Chick tracts and that makes sense
right to hell to recommend everybody I
mean you're supporting potentially awful
people but whatever you know we do that
all the time I bet whatever they think
they're doing right though they're
saying horrible things yeah they are
saying the worst stuff the worst but you
can buy like in bulk I think one of each
of the available Chick tracts is
probably like 50 60 of them for like
seven dollars oh my god you've never run
across them before I know I don't think
so some people give them out for
Halloween Jesus yep here's the thing is
this a regional thing like I grew up in
a fairly religious home Catholic as well
and I have no no no she hates Catholics
yeah
the Catholic Church is is run by Satan
Oh Oh fine Catholics are all burning in
hell I'm sorry that's why I would just
see them around I would always see them
in bathrooms or they would hide them in
okay so I live in Santa Cruz and it's
it's a very liberal town so I would get
them in odd places like if I would go I
don't know if you guys ever tried go to
the library to get the Anarchist
Cookbook back in the 90s
oh yeah I remember that okay so I was
all about that and almost every single
fucking time someone would put a chick
tract inside the area and I thank you
were they ever actually distributed
anywhere or was it what was it just this
sort of like people know he encourages
you to if you're a Christian you buy
hundred
and you give them out okay or you leave
them somewhere like the first one I ever
saw first time I ever heard of it it was
just somebody left it on a bathroom
stall yeah yep that's what I mean that
it tells you literally to do that at the
end of every book it's like here's some
strategic ways to it's called winning
souls they're like literally winning
souls I don't know where this is and how
this is tallied in any religion like a
competition
yes yes literally God's watching waiting
souls by converting people God just has
like a gigantic galactic shock balls
keeping tally he's got one chick track
little hashes everyone also at the end
there's always a piece of paper that
says have you accepted Jesus in your
life and it's just like one of those
things where you you know give the girl
the note do you like me yes no baby what
are you supposed to do but after you
fill it out well Jesus we're saved okay
that's when you're saved Jesus will see
it but you know he's kind of shy about
it so he doesn't really want to ask you
directly sure sure that's beautiful
that's so wow this is amazing it's like
the weird things you learn when you have
game designers on your show well fairly
rich knew about this you know maybe
we've had this conversation before I
might uh I'm terribly forgetful so I
love dumb shit yeah rich you've been on
this puzzle for a while now well I've
been talking about chick tracks
I haven't been paying much attention to
the puzzle okay I know I need to swing
over there I just need to be on the
other side of this thing sure and that's
what I'm trying to figure out okay know
how to get over there without falling
off great no and I just I wanted to
embarrass you just a little bit but not
not at all bunny my only worry with you
guys playing gay issues that you're
gonna see how many recycled elements
that I constantly are using my games I'm
gonna become the the Neal Breen games
that's that
like I can see shades of meatboys face
oh there's shades of everything yeah
like like you're going through
essentially a lot of binding of issac
areas I don't know something's wrong
with me I have to keep putting the same
levels and same chapters in all my games
that's and that's everybody watch any
episode of Star Trek and see what kind
of props you can find from other
episodes of Star Trek loudest Explorer
the same themes repetition yes there we
go rich that's a much better way of
exploring don't tell anybody though you
can't you can't tell anyone you're an
artist yeah I'm here a bottled water I'm
gonna get one keep falling off from the
other side this isn't work did you guys
ever watch a hard ticket to Hawaii yes
yes that was that that was the best
episode we ever did we had a hard ticket
to Hawaii
we had Deadly Prey and we had the Miami
connection oh shit that was part of that
yes that is an epic trio and yeah you
know one remembers hard ticket to Hawaii
because of Miami today I'm assuming
Miami connection one yeah of course
hands down
I'm guessing actually mostly because of
the poster that's in the background of
the solve the world's problems through
nonviolent means yeah that is a great
did you know it is the best that is the
best did you see the the little the Vice
mini dock about the director of Miami
connection was it like a Talking Heads
interview type thing no no it had it has
fallen around yeah and no I didn't write
you'd never see it yes I did it he seems
like a really genuine guy yeah yes like
a dojo now and he's still very proud of
the movie mm-hmm
but he talks about how it almost ruined
him and his family financially
and how he was a big idiot for making it
well he was really he still believes in
the message of the movie though horribly
conflicted message Taekwondo can save
you
yeah only through the elimination of
violence can we achieve world peace
music and that was great
oh yeah I don't remember it I don't
remember it all friends for eternity and
against the ninja the song they sing
because against the ninja is that the
one with it where the court the chorus
is literally Taekwondo they're like Tae
Kwon tae kwon saw the movie I couldn't
tell what they were saying but that's a
kind of story
Taekwondo yeah that's beautiful that's a
that's a beautiful movie I I won't sing
anymore chat don't worry I'm stop
singing I promise but yeah that was that
almost spoiled all of us on episodes the
best of the worse cuz gonna get that you
get Deadly Prey yeah which you know the
prior brothers and Miami connection not
Miami connection a hard ticket to life
right nope why I watched that other guy
that um what was his name is a Satanist
Sedaris or something
Oh Andi Sedaris yeah I watched two of
his other movies in there nowhere close
not none of them are I've seen most of
them at this point
none of like I'm excited because that
was on the collection or whatever that
was the one name that I remember was
hard ticket so I watched that first and
then we put on the other ones and it's
it is like bad boring softcore porn yeah
well they still have a lot of I mean I I
know his later ones I think become more
softcore but the other ones he did
around that time they're the same sort
of you know blend of blame action and
boobs but none of them have the kind of
moments that hard ticket to Hawaii has
any of you guys seen boarding house
I have boarding house but I have not
watched it yet that was good I have a
DVD it's got two versions of the movie
on it it's got
whatever the original release was and
then it has one version that's like two
hours or two and a half hours long so
yeah I think much the short one I'd
recommend this for one night if ya
eventually will watch it I don't think I
could watch a two and a half hour
version what and what is boarding house
it's another passion project it's just
it's this guy and his wife who are like
we want to make a really cool horror
film and the guy wants all the hot
chicks to live with him and in the movie
basically it it seemed like an excuse
for them to have like little swinger
parties that's there's like there's
psychic energy like you can even fight
things with psychic powers if you as
long as you like do deep breathing but
the deep breathing is like really
intense
oh is it is it just like really is the
deep breathing an excuse to have like
close ups on women's chests doesn't so
much hurt you or like a pig monster in
that movie might thinking of the right
movie that was well no no maybe I'm
thinking of a different movie maybe it
is me I don't say that was it's been a
while but yeah that's definitely one
that keeps coming to mind of like you
guys want pocket ninjas you guys watch
that right oh yeah yeah yeah we did
thanks for reminding me the balloons oh
I didn't I didn't remember that part all
I remember is the girl power at the end
oh yeah a girl beat'em I don't even
remember that well we didn't watch
dangerous men after that and that what
wipe your mind of everything else
oh yeah pretty good that was the same
episode right it was dangerous man again
that's the the other Alamo Drafthouse
movie girl girl girl's boyfriend gets
murdered so she seduces the murderer
yeah place the knife in her butt
it's just the best sometimes sometimes
it was funny cuz I remember I was a
little down on that one when we filmed
the episode I was like especially after
Miami connection it's like yeah it's not
Miami connection but then as I was
editing the episode I was like
rewatching scenes and I was like this is
the best movie ever I made a mistake
did you fix that in editing I did I put
it in addendum where I say like after
Jay sobered up he changed his mind
sober wrong so I wrote it while I was
drunk
after sobering up and I put a I spelt it
wrong like after Sabri yeah that's what
I wrote it's in the episode so it looks
like I've edited SL drunk like instant
regrets or anything like where you put
you put the episode up and then you're
like oh wait like in hindsight I did
like that movie well the vote is so
important the viewers of the show feel
like the vote is very important yeah
some people sometimes people are like I
can't believe they voted for this and
not like it doesn't matter right
completely inconsequential
but that's one where I I appreciate it
dangerous men more in rewatching hood it
was like man this really is kind of
something special about you editing
processes when they're really bad you
have to watch them again and again yeah
again it's time-consuming it can be
tough there's a reason this most recent
one is taking a long time to edit trying
to find a way to make it funny you guys
don't tease what what they're gonna be
until they come out or no not usually
I think yeah the only thing that I think
you've already teased is it's a wheeeeel
episode yeah it is a wheeeeel episode so
she's you double T's if you said
anything about what you watched you'd
ruin everything well you know so so many
things are in YouTube now where it's
like if you tease then people will start
watching it ahead of time yeah that
might ruin some of the jokes it ruins
that sense of discovery yeah yeah sure
like the SOS one is the the biggest one
where oh wow yeah like if people if we
told
people ahead of time we're watching this
weird thing called SOS they would've
found it on YouTube and then I would
have lost all the the intrigue of us
discovering while watching it what it
was what was the most what was the most
controversial like video you guys put up
that people just was there any like huge
backlash from any community no you guys
never said anything that was like you
can't say that oh alright wait we get
that all the time this is random people
almost every episode there's at least
one person that's like you shouldn't say
this there's never like a universal no
no I I don't think we've ever done
anything that's turned everybody against
it's or even a large percentage of
people well I don't like Final Fantasy
and that has been on I guess you guys
get it more video game people could be
very passionate video game people are
slightly more passionate than movie
people I'm right there with you though I
hate Final Fantasy we are wrong video
game we hopefully tactics I'll play
Final Fantasy Tactics that that has
gameplay in it that's the one they want
me to play by the way and I'm just sad
that's a game just fantasies are not
games but they're movies i watch really
slowly oh my god some some of those
Final Fantasy games are ridiculous with
their cutscenes oh really and they're
gorgeous they're you know they're
gorgeous CG movies but you just put the
controller down for like 20 minutes now
god beautiful it's beautiful like you
know I know with speaking of controversy
fan backlash I can only imagine you got
some into some shit with Isaac with such
strong religious themes none really
absolutely none but that was actually so
when I was working on this project I
literally was doing it was like okay I'm
gonna do I'm gonna do a little quick
game like I used to because I used to
make tons of little flash games I never
spend more than like a month or whatever
on it
prototype this weirdo game with this
guy's to make flash games with florian
and it seemed pretty cool and i started
exploring like some weird themes it was
it was basically like i'm gonna remake
the legend of zelda make it randomly
generated and what's the theme gonna be
and i was like okay well you know
Miyamoto wrote about his childhood so
I'm gonna write about mine
in like I'm gonna write about you know
the things that were most impactful the
things I remember the most and you know
basically being like a weirdo artistic
kid who was totally alienated and by
both sides of his family because they
were both very religious like super
Christian and super Catholic and how
that you know I'll just I'm gonna just
drop down that round hold and see where
it goes and I totally went in pretty
much feeling like I was writing critique
on religion and and it didn't come off
though to most people I would say the
majority cannot see that at all as a
critique of I'm not being critical of
anything I don't think for those who are
uninitiated with Binding of Isaac and
not many on our chances because I played
some so often but the game literally
starts with God telling your mom to kill
you and she cries and so or at least
your mother believing she hears God
right right yeah which may or may not
even happen but yeah it's a when I was
doing it my wife and I were kind of
worried that there could be some serious
negative backlash and consequences to
doing something like this and nope those
type of people who would be critical of
it don't play it and the type of people
who are religious and play it don't
actually see it as something that's
being critical or negative about their
religion and all they see it as as
something that they is familiar to them
like they see the religious themes as
familiar like my dad visited me after I
put that put the game out and there was
like a retail copy in Germany and I got
a bunch of copies and I was like he's
like can I have one I'm like sure and
he's like cool and then like he comes
back I seem like once a year
comes
and he's like oh yeah like our church
had a lock-in and I don't you guys know
what that is it's just like they just
lock all the teenage kids in in the
church and then do an all-nighter
basically it's it's a wholesome it's a
wholesome thing I've been to a few
lock-ins it's it's I think I've heard of
though it's basically supervised
sleepover right it's like he's like I
installed binding of issac on all the
computers he's like the kids loved it
except my dad no like you don't think
that it's gonna come off you know I like
bad because I'm being critical and he's
like no it's part of its everything that
you're talking about like you're talking
about stuff from the Bible like they
know the story you know that story so
what what's the deal with a lot gonna
sound like we figured teenage a teenage
years when you start questioning
Authority we better we better hammer
this home really hard is that what that
is that's the kids wanna party so you
have a party at church yeah you make it
sound like a prison camp the lock-in
they call it a lock you know what a
lock-in you what could they are locked
in because they don't want the kids
sneaking out of the church but no it's
supposed to be like a hey hey hip kids
come on down to the church and do your
hep kid thing come to the lock-in
we you can listen to rock and roll and
apparently play bloody poop feel
vindicated yeah no there wasn't there
wasn't any negative response somehow I
don't know that of all of all the games
that I've made this game is by far the
darkest I went dark yeah and nobody sees
it because I just prettied it up I mean
people don't even see the shit
everywhere anymore they just play the
game well it's dark but to be fair it is
a cutesy dark it is I mean you can get
away with so much more yeah I mean you
can get away with infanticide and you
just make it the eyes bigger make the
guys it's okay to kill children if they
look like Disney characters
ya know my kids my kids love it they
love it when I get when we face the poop
monsters it's one of their favorite
games to watch cuz they like all the
farting yeah my my nephew when he was
pretty young and got into watching Let's
Plays of course of Isaac and I remember
him asking me why does his mom want to
kill him and I'm thinking oh no I don't
why I explained this I said she's crazy
there you go and did he buy it see I
guess and he went on to tell me like he
he got in trouble that day because he
supposedly found some YouTube video of
plants plants vs. zombie mod that put
big boobs on all the zombies I remember
hearing that because it's Danielle's my
wife's sister and she's like um do you
guys know about these big boobs omni's
and plants vs. zombies I'm like ah cuz
I'm friends with George who made it and
he I'm like he's pretty wholesome guy I
really don't think that he put that in
there but I'll ask oh man he's like I
didn't put any zombies in the game sorry
I like wisdom I'm like what I would what
are you talking about these like odds on
YouTube it's a mod I'm just trying I'm
just trying to even like this is the the
2d plants vs. zombie we're talking about
like not the new 3d what like someone
took the time to put little 2d boobies
you know who did that old as old as Tomb
Raider but she's a girl at least like
they didn't put boobs on the Roxy climb
down I'm gonna say it's it's like a 13
year old that understands videogame
coding he's who did that he wanted to
practice his jiggle physics I clearly
remember when when Tomb Raider came out
like trying to track down it was either
the same I think it was around the same
time I was trying to download five
seconds worth of
pornography via Arawa groups and trying
to look up the mod on how to to take her
top off nice pointy weird little things
at that point they're not even boobs
like you would be using more imagination
if she did have her top off because they
they would they're just pyramids yes but
yeah it was out there I just didn't have
the skills to mod it and so then you
started to learn modding and that's how
you became a vis all desires see Laura
crafts boobs oh oh we have we have a
couple uh couple fans who are making
movie recommendations for bad movie
lovers here has anyone ever seen
microwave massacre yeah yeah they own
microwave master of course just came out
on the blu-ray blu-ray edition came out
yeah would you would would either of you
like to tell me about microwave massacre
you can go for it okay there's a okay
from what I remember it's kind of a
psycho tale right like it's the guys
either wife err or mother like it's his
wife she made a terrible food like he
shows that he works at a construction
job and he shows up with his wife's
cooking caught on quote and it's like a
giant loaf of bread cut in half with
like a plastic crab in it and that's
like Toby's idea what's it do you just
watch the blu-ray a couple months ago
yeah yeah memory of it is very fuzzy
yeah but that's that's the movies idea
of a joke is that her bad cooking is
just a giant crab on a bun and so he
hates his wife's cooking and he wants a
real meal and he ends up killing her and
eating her and then he microwave a
microwave only the only microwave kill
in the whole movie I think even though
it's called microwave massacre and then
he just goes around and convinces women
to get naked and then kills them it
really goes downhill after the wife dies
I Madeline it's pretty entertaining
so what does he put all of his wife in
the microwave or does he use the
microwave as like a bludgeon it's like
it like an industrial microwave that he
has in his house for no reason it's a
thing that does no it's not a thing that
exists okay it's clearly like a bad prop
but it's just like like human sized
microwave that he's kind of puts her in
and the guy he's like this short we he
kind of reminded me of Jackie Mason
you know from Caddyshack - that comedian
Jackie Mason Oh short guy this is a very
weird looking man that's Jackie Mason's
legacy Kenny shape - I think most people
what can you name the what else he's
done I know he's a comedian that's the
same thing I can't exactly he's the guy
from Caddyshack - I know he was like a
comedian but that's what everybody knows
him from that's anyone that does know
him that's it let's see here also Jackie
Vernon that's the guy I think it's the
microwave master guy cannibalism and an
oven size Michael okay yes well the
things I learned microwave massacring
all of that that's one of the the most
lovely things like even even breehn
breehn was was brought to us by the chat
they they shared the link - I want to
say fateful findings was his new movie
out at the time we were we were
streaming and talking about bad movies
and the chat said you have to see this
trailer for fateful findings and I fell
in love with it and and we tracked down
I had one one person in the chat send me
a copy of DoubleDown and that's where we
found beautiful I feel like he's a
little more known now but he's still
pretty niche yeah he hasn't blown up
like like a Tommy Wiseau which is
probably a good thing yeah but he really
should it's on par like I really do
think it's great yeah surprised it's not
big I think it's
simple as that it's his stuffs hard to
get yeah that's true hurt from him
well it also Tommy Wiseau has has
evolved you know he's no longer bad
filmmaker he is now trading on his name
yeah people people put them in their
movies or their videos or whatever as a
joke exactly and so once if Breen were
to ever be that popular his movies would
suffer from it yeah probably so he can
never become that popular
I had such fears man when I got the new
movie I thought this is gonna be where
it takes a turn and that becomes it
becomes you know he realizes where he's
being laughed at and he's gonna fix
those things and he's just gonna get
better and then it's just gonna be like
boring or even but even worse play them
up yeah yeah yeah that is worse for sure
and like no no he's not being funny
that's great that's funny as long as he
remains sincere the the biggest question
though like what if five years from now
you know he's completed his eighth movie
and and he takes off his wig does a
little bow and says actually my name is
you know that kind of dedication is is
admirable too he would be celebrated
Jonathan melkowitz acting at for twenty
years at Juilliard and came up with the
character Neil breathe if it was like
one movie and that was it then you'd be
like ah but if that long of a con would
be impressive
would he be this generations greatest
artist yes great no question have you
guys ever watched any of them like
intentionally bad stuff like people that
are trying to do bad stuff now yeah yeah
it's it's hard to sit through some of
the Troma stuff touches on that which is
always a little weird
yeah yeah I'm sad some ways Troma the
Troma stuff at least the ones lloyd
kaufman directs it's more that he's
aware that he has no budget you know
he's just kind of making jokes about the
fact that he has no budget as opposed to
making things intentionally bad
gun so I like like Coffman I'd like
anymore as a as a person then I enjoyed
a lot of his movies at this point but
he's a fascinating guy he's written some
really great books about filmmaking yeah
i reaiiy mean toxic Avengers probably
still one of my favorite movies of all
time I saw that movie when I was way too
young to be watching because I thought
it I thought it was a movie about sloth
from the Goonies I would see the cover
in the video store it is like is this
like a spin-off movie and then I watched
it at me and a friend watched it and
like my tiny little kid brain could not
process the idea that a movie would have
extreme gore and comedy so like I just
didn't know what it was like I couldn't
I didn't know what to make of it I felt
weird afterwards yeah it was it was a
very odd experience watching that movie
for the first time anybody with that
same experience I rented it from a
rental movie store my mom didn't
question anything when I rented it was
just like the rental shop had like they
put little like chips like poker chips
with numbers on them and you'd pull off
the poker chip so my mom never even saw
the cover I just can't hit with a poker
chip and they gave us like you know
there's the VHS tape in a clear case so
there's no marking one or whatever else
and I got a little past the always
wanted a corn hole a blind bitch before
my mom but the worst part still for me
was when they shoot the dog it was like
as a little kid seeing that yeah all
that other stuff that happened before
that that was the part where I was like
I think I shouldn't be watching this I
told her that I shouldn't be watching it
but I definitely made a lasting
impression it was probably the one thing
that was like there's this stuff out
there that is like this and kids aren't
supposed to see it I wonder what else is
there and it turns out that was
basically one of the worst things but
yeah it's got some definite magic to it
that stands the test of time oh yeah I
liked the first toxic avenger the part
with the dog though yeah it's cuz that
part looks sort of realistic like most
of the girl in the movie is kind of calm
we bad but that part looks pretty real
so it's sort of off-putting you know
they even like to this day I'll I have
like friends let never seen the movie
and want to sit him down with it and it
just comes off as so mean yeah it's like
it's just it's probably one of the
darkest comedies ever so unimaginably
awful dark yeah but I mean you got to go
there like trauma thing as well yeah it
definitely changed over time though as
it got goofier and more in jokey and
like I got less interested I remember I
saw it have you seen terror firmer yep
that was what I got really bad
that was I I saw that at a film festival
in Chicago like Kaufman was there and
there's just like there's so much shit
jokes and I just got tired of it like
there's funny parts in that movie and
that's the frustrating thing is like the
the contrast between like genuinely
clever kind of you know jokes about
filmmaking and then just the endless
shit jokes like come on I feel like in a
lot of ways there that was like that was
that time when I guess people are H like
people are growing up that accidentally
saw Troma as a kid they they want to be
part of a Troma movie yeah yeah they
have this rough idea of what Troma and
bodies and what it is and they want to
do it up and it it was just a lot of
overacting yeah yeah everything was
really bad like intentionally bad acting
to be funny and you know lots of yeah
like lots of shots of guys jerking off
you know yeah and it's funny because
they're doing a face and mos cartoon
sound effects yes there's still some
stuff in that movie I like I had the the
the height for me was Romeo and Juliet I
thought that movie struck the perfect
balance of they're sort of weird ideas
and but actually had some genuine
emotion because of the lead performances
like they took it seriously I'm like the
later drama movies German jet yeah that
was like that was kind of the peak yeah
and it dropped off from there and they
did that to be watched it touched back
on some of the old stuff before it got
super
goofy yeah like toxic avenger - or class
of nuke em high - I guess he didn't make
that one though but maybe he did did he
make it and make two and three right
those are somebody else of class of nuke
em high yeah yeah he just produced him
those are pretty fucking weird though
about the first one at number of times I
don't think I've seen the sequels in a
long time my fighting room I don't think
I'm mixing up movies but I believe
either in two or three that there are
people who have mouths in their stomachs
yes that's the second one yeah
the subhumanoids they're called yes yes
of course
they're like genetic experiments I don't
remember something yeah it's really
fuzzy yeah I think in the third one
there is two of the main guy oh I I
don't remember the third one at all they
do they do the whole like light dark
like here's the black-haired version of
the blonde guy the evil Spock I actually
work for Troma for a small a tiny tiny
smidgen of time I was desperate for for
work and he's gonna say you would have
to be because they don't pay you
anything I had done I did like toxic
avenger fan art and this is back in the
early 2000s in like I was like I need a
job and I got contacted by somebody
there and I think in the two months that
I quotes worked for them the guy the
head honcho that I was in contact with
turned into like five different people
like it was constant turnover constant
turnover that's what I've heard yeah I
think in the end I did two covers for
them that were never used and they paid
me with a well two sizes too small Troma
shirt Oh late remote remote was
associated with new crowns as well and
they they were the ones that save new
grounds back in the day is that true um
yeah they they became Tom full poo made
new grounds there was like a crash at
some point in time when ads went to shit
like I used to make websites and I had a
website
this is a cry for help back at like 99
and I saw things go from literally 25
cents a click to you know something like
okay thousand impressions for those who
don't know J probably doesn't know
Newgrounds it was a popular place to
play flash games yeah okay I remember
the station hub it was like animations
you could like post your dumb flash
animations on this website okay I did
all my animations on it is that way up
no I don't know so they were part of the
trolling the web ring which is another
fucking thing that died off better than
delivering Zam yeah so they were part of
the web ring and they were on the Troma
Network which eventually became a new
grounds network and I believe and I
could be wrong here but I believe what
happened was Tom started to get screwed
when it came to the servers the server
costs were too high because dude you
know the ad revenue was slowing down and
they were going they're going to go
under and then throw my said that they
would you could use my servers and they
let him use their servers and it saved
him Wow
so yeah and Sherma was doing their own
weird things back then they did have a
few animations I say I remember some
early flash animation Troma stuff I
don't remember what it was of but they
were trying to be cutting-edge I
remember when they were filming toxic
avenger for they were filming a day at
the Playboy Mansion and so they were
doing like a live stream of them filming
there and they had all these different
cameras and you could click and go to
different areas of the set that they
were filming on and this was in like 99
or 2000 like way before the live
streaming was common tom is in it no
he's a Playboy Mansion in that shot he's
the guy a painting that gets like his
eyes plucked out alright yeah alright
that's it it's weird how things were
like so oddly intertwined but yeah it's
uh Troma was a big part of my childhood
and a big part of my early 20s hopefully
your second childhood
so here we have a couple more suggestion
movie suggestions interesting blu-rays
coming up dead of winter I don't know a
phantasm oh yeah that just came out the
invitation Bubba hole chap I got the
Bubba hotep blu-ray you got the Bubba
ray and night has a thousand desires I
don't know that one you don't know I
don't know you know all movies and you
know hollows in the movie that's not
true and makes them you can name craft
service for toxic avenger for I bet this
is a goddamn lie the pit have you seen
the pits know a couple people have
recommended the pit to me it's like a
weird Canadian movie right it's a great
you you all you guys would love it yeah
I've heard about it I think that just
came in on blu-ray right I gotta give
credit to James who turned me on to the
pit yes it's very good very good
now Kevin oh wait what was that what was
the name that you and Josh didn't just
did the review of we haven't done a
review of anything we've talked about
doing one Ori time with the gate oh we
did back in October yes okay I thought
that you were we are discussing an
upcoming one knows oh god no I wanted to
give away that wouldn't give away that I
just kept on seeing people save the pit
in the chance to talk about the pit and
I know you're thinking of the game yeah
yeah okay it's like they already talked
about the pit different movie about a
hole in the ground of course so what's
the pit I believe the pit started as and
actually well-written
movie about like a boy hitting puberty
and it being awkward it's like his
sexual awakening or whatever okay and
then it got watered down and almost
made-for-tv halfway through it it's they
were dancing around this idea that there
are these things in a pit that this boy
feeds people to and the movie is very
sexual the boys like a peeping tom he's
always there's some fucked up scenes
where he's like he like lies and tells
this woman that her her niece has been
kidnapped unless
strips in front of the window and he's
like happily taking photographs of her
while she's stripping and then it's like
oh just joking Oh
is there even a teddy bear - yep a teddy
bear which is just his own voice talking
back to him he talks to a teddy bear and
he has like a he's like a babysitter his
parents neglect him he has a babysitter
that comes and watches him and he's kind
of obsessed with her - it's it's all
about like this
fueled sexuality right and but then it
loses that and then it becomes a real
thing and suddenly the holes real and
there's monsters getting loose and
killing people
it just becomes goofy and there are
parts of it where there's literally like
cartoon music playing while this is
hunting it's just like it like it goes
really dark and then really like great
movie though the kids weird kids a great
character at it yeah I need to say I've
seen the the blu-ray came out recently
so I've seen the cover with the the kid
with the creepy bear yeah I think I got
the double disc but I was on DVD and it
came with another movie called like hell
lol night owl something which is also
pretty great and how bizarre and broken
it was that's a great movie starring
Dennis Miller no that's our board oh
yeah yeah yeah that one sucks
Billy's name Billy Zane isn't in
demonite he's great in demon Knight
Sandler is great and everything yeah he
usually just plays like generic man know
like the shadow he's just generic action
guy phantom or the Phantom yeah we
always get this - confused yes but he's
he's he lets loose and demon Knight he's
goofing around he's having a ball I saw
that movie in the theater a demon Knight
that was back when they were way more
lenient on r-rated movies all you needed
was your parent to buy the ticket and
then they would just let you go in
absolutely so I saw all these are rated
movies when I was too young to see
r-rated movies cuz my dad didn't care
you just buy ticket let me go in
same with me yeah yeah it sucks too
because I saw all the the end end of the
the slasher era of movies so I saw like
Halloween 6 in the theatre the bad one I
saw Freddy's dead in the theater which
was the bad one Jason goes to hell all
the all the shitty end of the line
slasher sequels
I saw the theater I didn't get to see
any of the good ones because I was too
young I'm so sorry Freddy was won't
worry he was he liked it broke the
fourth wall refer you like came out of a
movie script or something oh this new
nightmare yeah that was when they tried
to fix the franchise by bringing Wes
Craven back I like new nightmare
I always forget about that one I always
forget that that's because I would I
guess it just doesn't feel like it's a
part of the series yeah that's kind of
it's it's own thing the only important
one is Freddy's dead because of the
extended 3d sequence know that 3d was
terrible
3d the what is it red and green or red
and blue that never worked for me like
everything just looked like blurry and
ugly I can never see the 3d so the final
20 minutes of Freddy's dead in the
theater was like a nightmare Jason goes
to hell
Jason goes the house sucks too I kind of
have a fondness for it just cause I saw
it in the theater and there's some good
gore gags but it makes no sense
all of a sudden it's a body hopper it's
so stupid
I saw it somewhat recently the last year
and I kind of love it though Jason X
Jason X is fun that's fantastic yeah it
didn't knows how stupid it's like where
we're at Jason part 10 we're gonna put
them in space and we'll just have fun
with it I'm one of a few people so I'm I
really love the Friday 13th movies
if I had my webcam it's not like anybody
gets either way I have a line of like I
have all the masks and everything like
it's stupid in here it's just a bunch of
Jason everywhere but I hate I hate I
hate Jason the space 8:10 is it because
it's too self-aware I it's really budget
wise it's terrible
oh yeah the the visual effects are bad I
think it's terrible like III never I
mean I I mean I guess
they're bad are you telling me you don't
love the scene where they create a
virtual reality version of Crystal Lake
and the two teenage girls walk up to
Jason saying we love premarital sex
wanna smoke some dope and then like one
one shot later he's just beating them up
against the tree in their sleeping bag
that is fantastic I just I don't know it
sounds I'm fighting my brain that's
fighting itself because I'm trying to
argue that it's not taking it seriously
well that's the thing is there's a
there's a purity to those early Friday
the 13th movies like they're all pretty
dumb I love them my god is the dumbest
one well not counting the ones I don't
like but I not not par 5 no I like prize
for 5 is the worst one I like par 5
because it's so sleazy it feels like a
well it's directed by the guy did savage
streets it feels like like a like a 42nd
Street exploitation movie it's true I
mean you feel like you get ripped off at
the end oh I don't even III know it's
not Jason but I don't even care I just
like the movie I think it's under tasty
it's the the ultra ripoff but no my
favorite one is the part 7 which is when
he fights the psychic girl that wouldn't
yeah that one would be great if they
didn't cut out all the gore yes for sure
yeah III think I've seen like a really
rough cut of the stuff that they took
out like a really like gnarly yeah it's
like a strip um yeah yeah and that oh my
god that movie would have been insane if
they left those things in but it got
butchered yeah really really butchered
and it's because we did a couple years
ago on my birthday my birthday was on a
Friday the 13th and at the time we were
filming sections for a thing called dock
of the Dead this like we were doing
these zombie stuff so we have this house
set that was covered in blood and the
windows were boarded up it was like a
horror movie set and so we watched all
day we marathon the Friday the 13th
movies on Friday the 13th on a horror
movie set
there's a big group of us and by the
time we got to seven every time there
was a Gore gag like like it looked like
Jason was about to do something and it
would cut away everyone just went ah
like every time so it really the the
cutting of those effects really kills
the momentum of that movie it's so
disappointing because it's so you watch
a Friday 13 film yeah yeah there's the
point of those put this in but the
special effects were the best to like
that was the best Jason like they'll
often boney bones exposed rotting corpse
you know soaked in the water for decades
or whatever you know like yeah he looks
he looked great the fight at the end was
fucking spectacular total fanfare he was
killed multiple times like it was like
wreck it was referenced it was like it
was like 10 but it was not as literal I
guess like it was giving you what you
wanted without being like oh good you
what you want
it wasn't an out-and-out comedy which
Jason acts pretty much is yeah well said
well what's the reasoning behind taking
out all the all the the gore is the MPAA
this is the late 80s they were they were
not having it after part for the MPA
because those movies were super popular
but then they were just sick of the gore
they thought it was you know a bad thing
so they would basically yeah I tell them
you got to cut out all this stuff so
each movie after that got butchered more
and more and and they have they don't
have a cut of like the the director's
cut back then they didn't save that
stuff the only thing that exists for
part 7 is like a VHS dub that the
director had of all the gore yeah that's
now everybody you know thinks of like
DVD special features and all that stuff
everybody everything's saved but back
then they would just throw that crap out
I heard event horizon got butcher too
and you can't get the original stuff for
that either
oh really which is even even that recent
I mean not that that's a recent movie
but still but yes Delaney's you think
they'd be saving that stuff more like
event horizon has some serious gnarly
visuals like I have not seen that movie
since I saw that in the theater when I
was too young to see already movies in
the later I know they've seen it since
yeah it scared the shit out of me that
was
a few like I don't want to say campy or
playful but it's like oh man it's a it
was like hard sci-fi visceral Hellraiser
yeah that's what I remember was the
visuals reminded me of Hellraiser very
like I got super disturbed I usually get
really scared and disturbed by movies
that use audio in weird ways and there
was that whole like here's the recording
of what we of what we got the last
broadcast from whatever and it's like
yeah then they have to refine it listen
closer but yeah and then it's like then
they also show visuals for that that are
becoming more and more clear over time
and it's like just super fucking gnarly
corpses like I remember seeing event
horizon in the theater which is strange
because I'm younger than you J yeah why
would you see that I have no idea how I
even got this I remember loving it being
being super creeped out in the theater
and then it came out on video and I had
a bunch of friends watch it like you
guys are gonna love this shit and I
think I realized my friends were
assholes that very probably read Verizon
from what I remember is a ton of like
jump scares wasn't there
I don't remember it's not so like they
were like jump jump disturbing like it
was like cut to guy without eyes for a
little bit too long and then you feel
really I think they actually got away
with a lot because they give you bits
and pieces and then your mind fills in
the rest because I remember actually
going home and thinking that I saw way
more than I actually did it's the best
do movie event horizon is the unofficial
doom prequel you guys like lists of
horror movies that legitimately scared
you like I'm interested in knowing like
what movies scared the shit out of you
know the Living Dead when I was a kid
the concept behind that movie just
terrified the shit out of me
just walking corpses all the corpse
everywhere just get up and start eating
people yeah Oh God that terrified me I
think I think because Ami's are so
popular now people don't think about
that concept anymore right a zombies are
just such a part of pop culture but the
idea of yeah just corpses just getting
up all at once is still creepy what do
you think about it that's the one that
traumatized me as a kid anybody else I'm
trying to think I'm so desensitized now
nothing yeah we didn't have many horror
movies going on yeah so you know just
Supergirl that Faye Dunaway is pretty
scary though you know she she was a
witch and the the CG effects at the end
of Supergirl really warped my mind why
not she really wants that boy she really
wanted that boy no so I think by the
time I was old you know like and then my
my earlier horror movies were all like
Nightmare on Elm streets which we've
talked about before which are well the
fun ones yeah yeah that's I grew up on
more like the fun ones
but I mean poltergeist aired me as a kid
powerful the part where I cook tea
Nelson's telling the kid like you count
the seconds after you see the lightening
and that tells you how far away the
Thunder is like how many miles away the
Thunder is I think is what it is and
then the lightning happens and there's
just no thunder like that kind of thing
scares me so yeah like you were saying
with like sound stuff that always kind
of creeped me out well the part in that
movie where the guy pulls his face apart
oh yeah that that killed me and then you
watch it now and it looks so silly it's
just like this puppet head it's a guy
fighting with this thing stuck to him
what about you what scared you growing
up I'd say like the what was it Jacob's
Ladder oh yeah I saw that in the theater
when I was you know I don't know why cuz
it's like I thought it was just a fun
horror movie and it was like a nom
horrible nom ya know that movies look
like a living nightmare just shit out of
me though it annoyed you kept playing
reality
out from under you and I never knew what
was real like yeah everything was I
gonna dream like every 20 minutes right
I think I think it was he was flashing
back through memories that were being
distorted by death yeah I was basically
I was too young when I saw it it was
just too confusing for me and I couldn't
stand it okay I don't know what the hell
just happened
that was stupid they originated the
shaky head right yeah well that's the
movie that's like Silent Hill the movie
basically before the way the asylum
scenes where you're seeing just like
things getting progressively more like
body parts
yeah that part they're wheeling him
through the hallway on the beauty like
quadriplegics with bags on their heads
crawling all around you know that sort
of stuff
that was I think that was a big one III
legitimately got scared by the ring
I feel stupid saying yeah that's on the
ring in the theater I remember it giving
me goosebumps a couple times I felt like
the movie gets a lot of shit but I feel
like it the way they paced the stairs
was so smart that it made me I mean if
dick got you buy that first scare you
were legitimately scared for the rest of
the movie yeah yeah that's a lame idea
with me yeah but that wouldn't that one
got me for sure next I'd say the latest
would probably be wreck maybe wreck - I
just saw a wreck - oh I don't want to
spoil it but I saw the first one the
first one is pretty good there's it's
not that there's things that were scary
I mean the first one's monster at the
end was great like that is a fucking
freaky freaky thing yeah but in the
second one they like kind of reveal
something that freaked me out I don't
know just it got to me yeah now as an
adult the stuff that gets me is more of
the the just like the atmosphere like
the constant dread as opposed to like
actually being scared it's one of the
stuff that's like I'm thinking about
long after watching the movie like the
witch which we just talked about in half
on the bag like I love that that's one
just like this this constant like
gloomy atmosphere and tension do you you
must the the latest episodes of Black
Mirror then oh yeah there's some good
episodes on that because there yeah
there are some episodes where you feel
like legitimately sick yeah for what's
going on the trailer
for the ring or the snow rings ring yeah
it's a new sequel it's a belated sequel
to ring oh no no the the Tom Hanks movie
I don't know what that is there's
there's a Rings movie coming out not
that it's called it looks like it's it
basically it looks like a black mirror
episode movie vibe I mean it has Emma
Watson her Miami aka her my and and Tom
Hanks as a Steve Jobs type weird hell
with this big tech community and
basically it just looks like a black
Miura so huh no I'm okay with that
the thing I think about it's like mirror
is that it's not like like people
compared to the twilight zone but the
twilight zone would have a lot of like
more fantastical things that would never
happen black mirror feels like like
science fiction that will be reality in
just a few more years you know yeah
science eventualities that's what makes
it scary to me it's called the circle
the circle no I don't know that one and
it has it has Hermione and Tim Hanks Tim
honks and and it's Tom Hanks was another
advertising it out the burbs the brother
I love the bird famous the man with one
red shoe he was in he was in a movie I
think called like dark dungeons or
something or Amazo amazes and monsters
yeah yeah he goes insane because D&D;
makes him crazy I've never seen it I
think it was a made-for-tv movie it III
saw it and it's uh it's kind of worth
seeing yeah no mention of volunteers
with John Candy I've never seen that I
don't even think I know anything about
it he's put in so many fucking movies
how about Tom
how about famous famous from his
groundbreaking work as stand-ups
stand-ups
Ono night job they talked about the
movie - with Sally Field is stand-up
comedians what was that called punchline
punchline ya can punch line damn it
somebody's sorry Tom Hanks and that
other guy I didn't think I didn't think
we would bring a bosom buddies I thought
that was low-hanging fruit you didn't
think I would go there I think I would
take the low-hanging fruit we were going
for obscure Tom Hanks I think at this
point bosom buddies dare not not to us
but to people like five years younger
ten years younger they probably have no
idea what both some people our age don't
even know boom somebody's you should
start posting in forums and so people
will hate Tom Hanks cuz I can guarantee
someone would get upset about that now
get upset about that show yeah yeah yeah
oh sure that would be terribly uh it's
transphobic yes I'm sorry phobic some
sort of phobic is the seventies man i
I've been going through like old movies
that I watched as a as a kid because I'm
trying to find movies that my daughter
will hopefully enjoy in some way and we
watched Crocodile Dundee and Wow that
has some scenes in it that I'm sure
people nowadays aren't watching this
movie because they'd be very upset about
it oh that's that's every movie though I
think from the 80s backwards even some
stuff from the nineties I was gonna say
that's I suppose but I like ish but I
just cannot frickin get up here I'm
gonna have to look in the Incans for you
are you're still in the caves yeah
what's driving me crazy
get off the platform and get on the
thing another thing no no
I'm flexing ski from chad is saying
scariest thing for me was bilbo baggins
jump scare from fellowship comes out oh
yeah yeah that does come out of nowhere
you have a little monster and that was
before the monster face was an overused
thing that's true yeah now that's like
an internet meme that you can get an app
on your phone that does the monster face
you can legitimately jump from the
hanging platform haven't you Russell oh
let me tell you a secret yeah yeah the
more squished your body is the higher
you'll go when you release the stick and
you go jump so like you can actually
like stick and roll back to flatten
yourself out and then release it and
jump and you'll go much much further
really because it's all based on like
Springs and boring shit know and care of
the boat I can't get up I can't stick to
this platform yeah there's that one nan
the stickable rock you have to get a
little above it okay basically what
everyone's saying is get good yo I don't
if you could get a little good I don't
even understand how this game was
anything how did it win awards early
playable right nowadays these rock
textures I've seen used before in other
games unplayable what's what's the story
of Gish this is uh I don't play games
unless they have a good story you know
that your girlfriend uh-huh
it's captured perfect Oh perfect ten out
of ten
that's all I need I just needed that a
little bit of motivation but where's the
drama where's the truth where's the
talking where's Ellen Page where's Paige
I have I have very clear memories of
very end of development and we we really
developed this game we'd pull like
all-nighters and we'd sometimes stay up
for you know way beyond 24 hours
and the shit we found funny back then it
was stupid as hell and spoiler to
anybody who has not beat this game at
the very end there's some like really
stupid story about how like the the the
bad guy is was like in love with dish
and captured his girlfriend because she
wanted attention blah blah blah and Gish
says nothing throughout the whole the
whole game and then um the only thing
that he says was something that Alex the
guy who programmed it thought it would
be funny to put in and he says calm down
ho and I thought it was really funny
that he put this in so I just kept it in
and I had I had her reply with what do
you mean no I was like 23 and oh god I
just got squished so rich you're failing
yeah I don't need a break do I need to
play Isaac that's what I'm saying I'm
putting that out there for when you need
a break okay
alright I want to get past this damn
level you can do it I believe I know I
can
I believe in oh no I'm gonna get that
was quick
you died it literally the moment you
said you're gonna get past this level
it's beautiful wow I guess I'm just
being dumb I'm just being dumb right now
apparently yeah when this game came out
there was no there's no steam there were
no places you could sell your game we
literally had to like release it on our
website and you guys the price tag for
this game was $20 and that was
considered reasonable the price tag for
this game was $20 $20 American I fancy
bought this back at the time I played
this back in the day the
yeah like that was that was like
standard for that time like it without
one that was a reasonable price and you
know back then I don't try to think of
how many copies we sold I feel like
we've probably sold like 200,000 copies
in its lifetime
yeah and in the I remember the day that
we sold 89 copies it was because Penny
Arcade had mentioned it on their blog
and it was saying and like compare that
to like a sale on Steam now it's just
totally different world but you know I
mean nobody gave a fuck about inspectors
like I say it's Gish now like in the
basement collection for $2 or no it's on
Steam for I think 9 bucks I don't I
haven't looked at any sales stats for it
and since it probably went up on Steam
what like six or seven years ago but I
have no fucking clue but a basement
collection is just full of flash games
okay that it got sponsored I mean I mean
tons of games never got paid for
anything but a lot of people even even
people that watched the movie don't even
realize that they show some of them and
they kind of like hint at it but it took
10 years to like be considered worthy of
anybody investing in anything I was
doing when it came to a console or
anything like that I was just some
weirdo that did flash games
I cannae I wasn't joking about Game Stop
I worked it that's what I did I worked
at Gamestop oh yeah and I made flash
games when I got home and that's the
that's the dream of every Game Stop
employee yeah anyone who works at a
movie store or movie theater they they
go home and they try to make little
movies it's it's so it's an odd odd time
is this game is bringing back memories
what's having a whole thing over here
no we we get that a lot to wear just
like you know people asking for like
advice as you make a video how do you
make a movie and a lot of it is just you
just do it and the more you feel a lot
yeah you fail constantly right yeah I
was I was I was talking about James
about this the other day about just like
yeah I mean for me it's kind of its kind
of like a psychic or whatever you know
that when a psychic tells you a bunch of
bullshit you don't remember the like
times that they miss and they don't they
don't say the right things you only
remember the good stuff I think that's a
lot of people just pick up on that
overall in life but when I think back
and how many opportunities that were
like presented to me thinking that this
is gonna be it like god it was shortly
after I made Gish I put a bunch of flash
games out there was it was around like
2006 2007 there was this odd boom where
I was getting contacted by these scene
investors which I didn't even know what
the fuck that was at the time there are
people with money who said they wanted
wanted to invest in me for whatever
reason thought it was super weird
every single time I'd have a meeting
with these people I would be like I
don't get this like I don't know how you
even found out about me but okay and
then they would be like okay here's your
opportunity I'm gonna invest in you big
money blah blah blah blah and then it's
like just tell you come up with the idea
I'm gonna support it 100% I got a team
of people in India that are gonna
program everything for you and I'm like
whoa and then I lose my mind for a month
coming up with this really in-depth
design document of this perfect game
that's like Neopets or whatever the fuck
it was back then
Pokemon ish sure and then I present it
to them they're like oh great idea so
great go for it and it's like okay how
do I live like you just live it's like
well I don't have any money and I need
to I need to pay rent you're like it's
your problem and then you're like what
do I need you jackasses
I remember saying like I don't even need
that much if you just give me like six
hundred dollars a month that will go a
long way and then I can work nope nope
haven't you can have a ton of people
from India working and your slaves know
I hope you think of like oh she's not
even giving me 500 bucks what are these
people getting paid oh right yeah
but um yeah I that that moment I really
thought like that was one of the hardest
things I ever had to do is tell her I'm
sorry but I can't live if I do this and
I felt like the biggest failure in the
world yeah it's it's insane but I mean
there are tons of opportunities like
that um I worked on a game called breed
have you guys played that yeah I've
heard of this planet
oh you've okay alright I never played no
I don't wait a lot of things classic
indeed darling
gray I know I know I miss brain I'm
sorry I'm very sorry I you know what it
I was joking when I said oh I heard
about it cuz I assume everyone has
played brain oh yeah I thought it was
yeah so I'm sure you haven't played
Final Fantasy and you haven't played
brain break it is a fantastic game it's
one of the but it's like the the best of
the of the boom in the world of goo and
n plus days and it was the the one that
kicked down the door as far as indie
games making money on consoles a lot of
a lot of like taking any games seriously
like a lot of her like oh okay
oh these can be real games absolutely
absolutely yeah so I I worked on I was a
character designer for braid and I did
all the animations initially and I just
wanted to be a part of it I was a judge
in the IGF the independent Games
Festival and I judged that game and I
was it was all like really bad it was
basically like a Mario sprite except
really badly drawn like he just draw
this placeholder programmer art in the
shell of a game and I remember thinking
it was like like what is this garbage
but whatever I'm a judge and I got to
play the games that I've been given so
I'm playing this game and I was like
woah this is insane and then keep
playing and it gets crazier and crazier
and I was just floored by it and I
instantly after the fact I'm like hey
you need somebody that needs some art
for this I would love to work on it with
you then he had a really tiny budget and
he was able to pay me a little bit here
and there for my work and at one point
in time he was like I don't have any
more money but I can pay you with a
percentage of the game and I had to turn
that down because I couldn't live right
right I had to find work but I like it's
one of those hindsight things like if I
would have done that it would have been
insane and there's so many moments like
that that most people don't talk about
because their shitty turned down
minecraft you know that sort of thing
and like oh yeah you go through that
like multiple times so many different
giant failures like well and you know
obviously in hindsight you did not turn
out to be a giant failure yeah but it's
it's part of the process where you know
like you may feel ill enough and you
learn you mate you made a contact you
made a friend in the in the industry and
you know maybe later in life Jonathan
Blow creator of braid helped you out
here with another thing you know like it
it's it's all a process for sure yeah no
totally I didn't get much out of that
Indian lady though the India India
information about her she was racist
she was racist against Indian people
there you go that was oh and I think at
the time I think we're at a time in life
where we just can say they're racists
and then hate them great that's
fantastic I think I've kind of lost
track of what I've said and where we've
gone with it I'm just I'm just getting
fascinated by watching you rich fail
fail
he's getting alright for mentally
further with it I don't know I've seen
him dying that seems
a few times now oh yeah I'm trying not
to pay attention I feel bad I hate to
cut you off at this point in time but I
have a hungry wife and baby and a
Christmas tree that's first Christmas
tree that I purchased a since I haven't
ever I have the first Christmas tree
that I haven't stolen oh my well no we
we thank you so much for coming on and
chatting with us and I hope you have a
lovely evening and any time you want to
come and chat with us again you are
welcome no problems only make you
believe believe the chats
I'll leave the chat with this little
anecdote oh if you're really poor and
you go to you know Safeway or whatever
place it's selling little trees and you
put the tree in your truck or car right
and then you go in because you have to
that's not work you have to pay for it
in there it's not like you're gonna
carry the tree inside right you could
then purchase stuff leave and your
excuses ah I forgot about the tree full
of proof free tree okay completely full
and this is the first time you didn't
have to do this no I do that twice you
got to do what you can I stole a lot
from Kinkos when I used to make comics
so you know sorry I don't know I don't
know what does have to do with stealing
from Kinkos I'm so really made out of
trees I'm just I'm paying I'm paying it
forward hey wait I don't think you're
supposed to pay for stealing to your spa
if you've never stole anything in your
life and I don't trust you tips on how
to like drop the key at Kinkos in a way
that resets it but that doesn't happen
anymore so I can't so I
didn't give that to you guys I have to
give you the tree I guess we'll take if
I'm if I'm ever invited on again yeah
sure this one still still works I will
tell you how to steal I'm doing the
quotes steal from Blockbuster doesn't
exist anymore god damn it Noel you can't
do anything
I guess I'm never coming back
thank you for having me on guys it was
very photo probably a problem I have a
good night Edmund I take it easy night
that's fun it's always fun when we get
new people to talk to we can take these
up now oh yes that's the only rough part
is wearing the headphones yeah that's
fine okay well hey now that Edmund is
gone you can you can Isaac up the joint
well I was gonna I've been you know
because we were in the flow of a
conversation all right and I didn't want
a break the flow of the conversation and
so I do know that there are tips of the
but not read and I'm very sorry and I
know some of them were for Edmund boat
you know flow of Commerce at home first
thing we got to do the title of the
stream - hmm - from Gish
well Gish and excommunicating would oh
sure sure Edmund I said where I didn't
for real the sign house that's sad that
is that's very sad how I shocked myself
here's a tip okay hold on hold on people
let's get to this let's get to this I
know I know a lot of the tips were just
you know people saying that like Isaac
is their favorite god thanks for having
it me not and listen I was trying my
hardest to keep it cool because Isaac
isn't also my favorite right right I
think I did a pretty good job I don't
think he knew how much I loved him I
said yeah sure he already knows he
already knows
I listen that's okay he like he likes
the show um I'm on two so yeah we have a
mutual respect jail just left because he
he also he knew that Edmond was leaving
he said fuck this I'm over here talking
to these two jackasses
that's one for J let's see here can this
dream never ended of replacement for
Josh you have one in reserve oh man I
would love to get him up here but we
will see that's more for J so we'll just
wait for J to come back so yeah so do
you want to play X come now do you want
to Isaac I feel like I have played all
of like all the past like three streams
or like you know we had n manam that's
pretty good night I know we have missed
room for very long but that's pretty
thing it's pretty good
yeah well we could make it complete are
there how many tips for doing good
there's a couple times I'll screw around
with something we'll go through the tips
okay
J isn't cool enough to stay on camera
tonight that's true that's true unless
he actually did leave maybe I thought we
were done the second no I said it
appeared he he'd gotten a phone call
okay okay it appeared as if he had
gotten a phone call or checkers stop
streaming so we can go watch Ben and
Arthur oh I know that sounded very funny
which checkers installed you don't have
checkers well you wouldn't have a ton
Steve was on windows 7 us I'm not at
windows 10 on Steam Windows 10 does not
come with checkers is there one on Steam
I only there is one on Steam more GERD
in decided I hope like I'm I really
enjoyed my murder everyone dishonored
run I hope you all did too thank you
I really really loved my murder and
everyone dishonored run fantastic
checkers - this is new I think Oh thumbs
down
Oh No fantastic checkers is fantastic
checkers to have a thumbs down its
checkers because it looks really dumb oh
no lovely this lucky can be nobody they
can't see this like check the redden
it's like checkers done with with CG
creatures that were done in two seconds
they're like they're like balls with
hands and feet it's called fantastic
checkers - just watch the trailer on
Steam right now it looks so fucking
awful my genocide version was really
good oh thanks thanks I had so much fun
replaying that and murdering everyone
what a good game that dishonored is
although it's not made by Bethesda did
you know that where they always are game
and it was the first name in the credits
rich they own them yeah technically it
was still did make the game technically
that's fine
hey guys David popping in Edmond was a
lovely guest as a fan of both videogames
and petty theft I feel very fulfilled I
don't know I don't know as a Christmas
tree really that petty that's kind of
theft theft that's that's that's getting
I mean whoa what's the difference
between petty and thefts I don't know 20
bucks
okay okay a Christmas like a decent
Christmas trees like 50 60 yeah that's
like real theft unless he stole like one
of the really tiny ones which is you
know we'll never know yeah listen you
gotta let you got away
oh no I I think it's great I liked
hearing all of his stories about old
game developer I did not know that he
did work on brain yeah I didn't knew he
had a chance for that my pie
but who like who knows the negative
effects like I've just live it not
working
yeah cuz I mean how long the braid was
in development for years right maybe
maybe meat borer Isaac wouldn't been
made the change is the entire course of
history timeline would have been changed
XCOM is still running yeah miss saying
goodbye to edit almost I'm sorry that's
alright had an important phone call when
we saw them we saw that I miss saying
hello to a man I miss saying goodbye to
him we've got it I just kind of eased
into the discussion I think it's great
and that eased right out that's why I'm
glad you could come today because I knew
we would get into like old movie talk
it's a good thing the topic change from
Friday the 13th pretty quickly because I
got talked about that shit for hours
