Nov 23, 2016
Pokemon Moon
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/107010250
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/107013090
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivpHuzTg4gw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPBUz7q0mp0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/801528749632159744
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/801600374008332289

[Part I]
our way through Pokemon moon right and
Sun what's what's the Sun what's the
moon historically Pokemon games have
come in pairs this is just to make
people buy more Pokemon games this is
just to make people buy more Pokemon use
okay this is this is ODEs
every single one every single one I'm
gonna put my feet up here every single
pokemon game has come in a pair pokemon
red/blue was the first one pokemon
silver gold and each each of the games
have slightly different pokemon it's the
exact same story they just have slightly
different pokemon in them and so if you
truly want to catch them all in every
generation you either need to buy both
games and you know get them separately
or trait like it also encourages trading
with fro cots so that's you know there's
a little souther ii do they all have one
that the other one doesn't have yes okay
several they all have several months
several yeah almost like there's the
main one that they don't have but then
there's several several other ones i was
told i was thinking about playing this
game for the stream and someone said you
know the first the first little bit of
the game is actually like really
hand-holding and really boring and maybe
you should want to know it's like i was
like i want you to experience that with
me chat welcome everyone which needs to
pick the starter yeah that's gonna tough
that's gonna be tough let's just begin
game here we got to pick our starter our
settings have been saved great oh crap i
forgot one thing what what bet did rich
lose rich is a nice man who's letting
his friend play his game oh when i
forgot to do one thing i was so on top
of things here rich and i forgot to do
one thing and now you guys have to
listen to that beeping what did you
forget to do i forgot to change the
okay you just hit the camera button real
quick so it stops them the blue ping and
low blow hold on
no I guess we're not okay Jack your mic
is too loud my mic is too Oh give me a
moment and I will fix that let's do the
Z move dance what is the Z move dance
here I will I will fix my camp my mic
being too loud by moving it further away
from my face fine
how about that how's this now now that
my microphone is not directly in my face
okay oh no no it says it's official
betsy divorce or divorce i don't know a
creationist will be in charge of
education in eight weeks
yay can you have any good TV and it'll
be different in for eight years and
whatever I know everyone expects me to
be butthurt about the election I can
address this a little bit now this is a
little bit because it comes up a lot
I wish we talked about the election they
talk about the Ilych lives are the
rating talk about the election we're not
a political pundits no we're we kind of
talked about politics just for a little
bit because big deal yeah that was going
on there's news just kept coming up so
you know what we just hide it right and
now it's over no video games and shit
movies back to Star Wars as aids 9/11
all the all the good the good stuff and
even we know we expect Jax we bought
heard and you very much well I mean I'm
upset with the outcome of the election
I'm not one of those guys is like
running out in the street and protesting
I wasn't a fan of Hillary either and
okay here we are
hey rich this is the turd we selected we
had two rich made his decision he
you know please fix your audio clipping
is a rich now
whose audios clipping you know rich made
rich made a decision to that he that he
would be fine with either Trump or
Hillary over him not having a great
choice because you didn't vote at all
was your thing and so for for you you
were okay with either of them either of
them was better than having to choose
either of them what the fuck are you
saying
am I not putting this correct let's more
like I just chose neither right right I
couldn't get behind either so yeah right
so you were okay with either of them
because so you
over-over the choice of either of them
does that mean maybe that doesn't make
sense I guess I guess so you know and I
think some people like I think what
they're expecting from you asking if you
were butthurt if like if you had assumed
that Hillary would win and so you just
didn't vote no right I you know no my
brain isn't melted I'm upset obviously I
wanted I did not want Trump to win I I
stopped under estimating Trump after he
he won the nod the nomination for the
Republican Party huh
look at all these characters we can be
none of them is an old bald man yes we
need that gremlins Walt the gremlins
wall it's uh from the commentary track
for a little what the fuck movie it was
anymore Oh grab let's stupid of course
not dumb
I guess humor grandmas - Oh some most of
us remember our clamp the guy who owned
the building it was like a trump parity
in gremlins - uh I guess I don't
remember it specifically now yeah when
the grandmas - commentary track we're
talking about just ideas from him was
three and he should totally clam she'd
come back as president nice
I guess I'll be this guy sure should we
pick a funny name
I'm sure we pick a normal name Oh
Chapman a Jat name oh did you put the
torch rope yeah 27 I can't see what I'm
doing because I got old man ice shet
lottery the holy ghost absque rhymers
all moderators and subscribers sure
martyrs loves and subs yeah I went up
our aut is redevelops I know who won our
aut is alright UT is where you are the
Chad you are we're naming then what are
we naming our Garrick main character our
main care the main character I'm gonna
name our main
Pokemon Sun and or moon and and as Ezra
how dice is saying here that's like the
thing that's you know extra upsetting is
like it came out today the official
count Hillary won the popular vote by 2
million Oh 2 million more people voted
for Hillary than for Trump and he still
won't how many total voters huh how many
oh way under what it was last few years
but way under so my prediction on the
low turnout was right yeah yeah if I
predicted I don't remember if you lot of
people didn't like either people either
person a lot of people didn't vote
because of that right right ra you wait
did I spell wrong are aus T is no sorry
raus tiss ra you STI s is that a nice
peloton RA UST is there we go I'm no
longer picking the the the most mild
criminal and see yeah and we can we can
disagree on that like I don't think
Hillary was bad
if you're upset with it if yourself with
the outcome blame the Democratic Party
blame the Democratic Party I think
there's a lot of blame to go if you
can't if you can't run a candidate who
can beat someone who looked as just
clueless as Donald Trump did during
those debates yeah
utterly clueless I think there's no more
to it them I think it's on your
shoulders at that point no they didn't
they read the public completely wrong
they they they ran a standard candidate
this lying cheating this politician
they're doing other things uh
politicians always do again in a year
when that was not going to get you in
office and by the way they were they
were fucking idiots for not running
Bernie Sanders fucking idiots I here's
the thing I do think that was a part of
it absolutely that wasn't all of it
though you can't you can't blame that
totally and completely there were there
were massive gerrymandering efforts to
redistricting there were new voter ID
laws in typically democratic states that
meant people were turned away from the
voting that way that I I'm saying it's
all of the above it's a little bit of
everything
Hillary by the way messed up she was not
a good candidate I and I agree with you
but I think there's more to it than that
Hillary did not come back to has not
been in Wisconsin since the general
election the last time she was here was
during the party she was doing all the
things that the politicians normally do
exactly that's how you do it this is
what you know this is the formula this
is the recipe and I wasn't working this
year absolutely so I I'm not saying I'm
not saying you're wrong I'm just saying
I think there's more yeah I think I
think the media had a big problem I
think the media had a big problem that
this whole email thing was blown way out
of proportion and they treated Trump
unfairly cool you know I I feel like
there were so many things that Trump did
that would have disqualified any other
candidate any other year but because he
was the only other candidate they feel
like they had to give equal time to both
and he was he he said and did way more
outrageous things than these stupid Damn
emails somewhere on the interwebs I saw
this and it's very eye-opening it's like
a video that is a solid hour long
that's a compilation of Hillary's saying
one thing yeah and then right next to a
clipper we're saying the exact opposite
thing mm-hmm
it goes on for an hour I'm being
outrageous right now I Jackson in that
that is because cuz it's come up a lot
and like the YouTube comments
absolutely good way to target will be
Richard there it is I'm done with it now
unless you want to add more I mean
obviously obviously you guys know I I
wanted and Hillary to win over Trump so
I'm a little upset about it not much we
can do now I I feeI fear here's what I
really fear is I'd like I don't think
this is gonna affect me at all you know
the next four years will do nothing for
me I worry about the people around me I
worry about my friends who you know
maybe are in a same-sex relationship who
are maybe you know ray people of color
right like I worry about them are you
actually worried that they're gonna pass
or like shoot blacks outside law
absolutely not I am I'm worried that
some things that my friends are worried
about they're there are a lot of parents
at my kids school who are same-sex
couples yeah and they are worried about
more restrictive laws there's dealing
with their marriage and their adopted
kids which by the way Pence wants no way
he's gonna be able to get it through
them yeah and we've said no way to a lot
of things that have opened that's true
I'm worried about Trump on the
environment I'm worried about him
deregulating a lot of Industry I'm
worried
read about a lot of shit a bad shit he's
gonna do I think we can make it through
it I know I can but I'm worried about
the people around me at this point you
would need a new amendment to get rid of
same-sex marriage and an Trump has said
he isn't overturning it Trump has said
right whether or not he sticks to that I
don't know Republicans have the house
they have the Senate they have the White
House and soon they're going as you seen
them the margin it's not very but it's
gonna be it's gonna be it's gonna be a
lot of gridlock on things okay I thought
we fixed the microphones already what is
now what is now what is next hold on
hold on no way to get it through with
both Republican houses it's not you
under serious damage you need like
two-thirds
yeah that should huh
that should help the microphone
situation and for gay marriage and it's
not like you you would actually need all
of the states to ratify a new amendment
outlawed it's it's not going to happen
oh it's what our next you're right mics
are fine Hey too bad we fixed it that's
all that matters
in any case I don't know I'm a little
worried I'm sure it'll be fine yeah or
not I don't know I don't know Bernie
should have went no if Bernie went third
party it would have been disastrous
Bernie when Democrats thinking he had a
chance and he did have a chance bottom
line is Hillary and the DNC gave Trump
the White House no I don't think that's
true like I said I think that's part of
it I think rich is absolutely right that
Hillary was a weak candidate she was if
you talk to anyone heck talk to most
people who even supported Hillary and
they'll say you know Hillary wasn't my
favorite is usually the first thing I'm
us oh there was a lot I didn't like
about Hillary's the first thing out of
the mouth then they go into all the
reasons why she should have won
which I'm okay right
I am NOT an economist I cannot talk
about how feasible some of the things
Bernie Sanders may or may not have water
to do arm yeah I could tell you this
about Bernie Sanders yeah he actually
seemed sincere he did that's true which
kind of mind-blowing for me I'm not
speaking on how feasible was ideas for
free education all this where I'm not
sure I know if that could work right I'm
just saying he seemed like a man who
actually gave a shit absolutely
he would have he would have fired up
people it would have been an extremely
high voter turnout I think so I think
you're it what about a very different
election yeah I think he energized
people in a way that Clinton did not but
I don't think it's just Bernie did not
set off any of my bullshit detectors but
I don't think it's just Hillary okay I
think you got it I think it's all a pool
I think it's all a dirty pool together
wait pumped about and yeah I'm pumped
about meeting Aloha and Pokemon great
great let's meet some Aloha oh c'mon
ferny said he made run again in 2020
yeah and he might they might they'll be
hold but he'll be a lot
how did Trump win when Wisconsin is full
of sjw cooks like our alum that's the
real question you know you have a whole
generation of people right now who did
not grow up during the Cold War mm-hmm
socialism won't be a bad word forever
right
Thanks free right for letting a chat
blow off a little steam yeah you know
it's politics is a thing that happens
and like rich said we're not political
analysts we can we just tell you how he
feels I I don't like you know I don't
like banning people for talking about
things that we occasionally talk about
shit I bring up you know as long as
you're being civil about it hey you know
yeah obviously like you know I'm not
happy with a bunch of trumps supposing
picks four cabinet looking not looking
not looking the greatest not looking the
greatest for liberally minded folk and
it's also not looking great for like you
know a lot of people who voted for Trump
voted for him for like old-school
Republican reasons like hey he says is
gonna bring jobs back to America and
then lower taxes and it looks like he's
going to lower taxes on rich folks and
not do anything to bring jobs back to
America because the jobs that we need
aren't ever coming back low education
menial labor is not coming back getting
that job at the plant right out of high
school it's just not happening anymore I
haven't been paying attention to any of
this hypothetically speaking
hypothetically speaking what if you gave
corporations massive tax breaks as long
as like 90 percents of their workforce
was employed in the USA in the
continental United States I don't think
that would off
that how cheap they can get the same
stuff overseas yep good remember the
reason why we get stuff from overseas is
because they make it for literal slave
labor with with literal slave labor like
the people who work at fox come are
making pennies they live where they work
right the people who make t-shirts and
Mexico's art are in sweatshops like
they're making Nike shoes in sweatshops
in India right so the tax breaks that
you'd have to give the corporations
would have to be enough to offset
American labors at American labor costs
and what's the minimum wage right now
it's 8 bucks or whatever so you know per
hour 15 right so it would have to be you
have to offset their taxes enough to pay
for American labor and that's just not
gonna happen there's no amount of taxes
that that's gonna happen and most plants
in America's you know robots because
it's faster and more efficient right
these robots we like the robots and so
the the jobs that that rust belters want
to come back are just never ever coming
back so there is no solution
what do you mean to bringing jobs back
yeah no well the yeah the solution is
middle class is just gonna continue to
die and there's nothing we can do these
narrow there there's there's very real
solutions there there is one better free
education so people can you know get a
college education and get the job taking
care of the robots a more people in this
country exactly but that's the whole
point of having robots is you don't need
to employ that many people hey even once
you factor in the carrot a rich yeah I
wasn't done I'm just saying here you
want you polka so that's part of the
solution okay better education for
people the other part is a more
socialistic economy and
it's talking about something like a
guaranteed wage for everyone that way
capitalism can still exist wait what did
I need to get shit I wasn't paying
attention wait shit wait I didn't I
wasn't paying attention again get ready
your bag and hat and things are sound
the boxes in your oh I already opened
the box my room cut damn it
so it's multi-tiered is all I'm saying
you either have to ask consumers to pay
more for shit so they can afford
American labor which they're not gonna
do consumers have already spoken I am
NOT an economist I honestly don't have
any kind of proposed solution this is so
entertaining not being sarcastic talking
about politics while playing a child's
game no and you know we I think rich and
I have talked about like basic way basic
income before and even that like who
knows how that's going to work but if
you want people to still buy shit they
need money when FLA's insky says yes
rich you were wrong with your Spielberg
Yankees cap observation and the gremlins
commentary track oh oh oh no wait did
you guys just put out a new commentary
track I don't know what up but I can
barely did people have seen it okay
great the character of shortround from
Temple of Doom where a New York baseball
Giants can circa 1928 oh oh oh you did
it oh fuck it
well god damn it yeah TC Brady one three
three says hey guys nice your gremlin
commentary oh okay and it made me love
gremlins again
who doesn't love gremlins I don't know
so what made it love it again so they
didn't for a little while oh well there
you go
do you hear what I want
do you hear what I hear hey well there
you go
evil word david says hey Jack hi David
here
I bet David by the way I need to say I
love that you say David here thrilled
you're playing Pokemon moon there are
good and bad things about it but overall
I think it's much better than X / y
oh well good I haven't been enjoying x /
y I'd be honored I'd be honored if rich
named my newest Pokemon for me rich
needs a name for a Pokemon hey how many
eyes well there's there's five ace
there's well how many spaces do you have
enough you know get that much heavy the
relatively three days for eyes to DS and
an S perfect
perfect eighties months something richer
now we're talking about earlier to get
off of politics if you don't want to
call them aides and you can go with Adin
Adin Adin AIDS and AIDS and AIDS to get
off of Baltic something rich and I were
talking about earlier during Rich's solo
a stream there was was even Karen Street
yeah not a solo stream it was a you and
Karen stream you were playing a little
bit of one of my favorite games of all
time The Binding of Isaac yes and I was
stuck at home I was stuck at home doing
something dumb like watching my kids and
I was watching the stream and you know I
was there in chat chatting with people
and you were playing for one of your
first times ever playing my favorite
game a game I know inside and out yeah
and I need to tell you rich oh I got a
little insight into what it's like being
on the other side when we play stuff
like like Fallout New Vegas and
carriages or Dark Souls and people are
yelling at us through the chat that
we're doing it wrong
it's really tough it was really tough
watching you play that I just need to
let you know that Sok intrigued me what
about what happened how how did I do
what I fuck up on here's here's what I
love is you were after a few deaths you
were kind of understanding yeah like you
were understanding the power so one of
the things that was bothering the crap
out of me was you weren't going in the
rooms with the power-ups and you had
keys yet you weren't going through the
golden doors to get the power-ups
because on every level there's a new
powerup and I was just like rich get the
fucking powerup and I was yelling chat I
even texted you okay because I because I
know your phone number I texted you go
in the fucking Golden Door it was great
but but then I also have to remember
that part of the fun of a game like The
Binding of Isaac is discovering all that
stuff it's like just this
covering through failure you know and so
like I pulled back a little bit but it
was really tough being on it but I think
he did good like at what your last run
you made it what like four level or no
wait you got to mom I got a beat mom
that's right all right just how hot is
that for my fourth run of the game
that's pretty good yeah I I'm gonna say
that's pretty good I think it took me a
little bit longer to to be I know
there's a lot more or that comes after
that tougher shit oh absolutely well you
need to beat mom for I want to say like
oh no cuz you already unlocked mom sorry
so yeah next time you go through and
then there's two more levels after mom
and another big endboss yeah yeah and
then once you beat that several times
there's even more and okay so it's like
it gets harder and harder but there's so
much talking bullshit and it's so weird
to see this in 3d you know does that
work it doesn't work as well as the 2d
top-down yeah like the older games you
kind of you have a better sense of your
area and your space and here the camera
is so fucking close to you it's hard
just to know where to go
Ryan from Michigan says wait oh I'm
reading the wrong comment but I'll read
his anyway since I spent like 10 minutes
dying a few times and they just pwned it
for the rest of the stream Oh for me
yeah what happened and I could I could
tell that you were really enjoying it
tractor choices rich is a little bit
country and Jack's a little bit rock and
roll
absolutely I think it's the other way
around you're a little bit rock and roll
rock and roll over that country I think
I'm a little more vanilla than you yeah
yeah I think so
we're just different I'm a little
harsher yeah yeah you're a dad that's
often do it potentially I didn't really
know you before you were a dad that's
true you don't you didn't know me that
was it I know that's really weird by the
way yeah for me
well a lot of my friends have known me
for a while yeah at Mike and Jane knew
me before well no I guess my good in
Mike and Jenna knew me when I was a dad
too oh yeah well they go there you go
you know I've friends that I still hang
out with it I've known since grade
school
so both Osmonds was last time you heard
Donny Osmond say it's 9/11 the students
themselves were responsible for
Columbine Donny Osmond that shit yeah I
don't think that's gonna happen jack has
always been a I have always been a dad
by the way even even before I was dead I
was a dad I was always the one I I have
I have a very strong paternal instinct
even before I was a father 9/11 was an
inside
aids oh my gourd god it's so much
talking fucking hate this give me my
fucking pokemons already are you
interested in listening to a podcast
with some new updates about the Toynbee
tiles
says mr. chai smile yeah yes I am
don't don't lick it in the check is
it'll just get lost send us a message
I actually am legit interested in that
if there's new information oh man that
Tony beets how documented was so neat
Tony beets Isles are some weird-ass
graffiti that have showed up in various
cities yeah around the world mostly in
mostly in the country stays Philadelphia
thing Chicago New York a lot a lot of
freaking places and it's literally tiles
with this strange strange s message
embedded into the concrete on the street
or sidewalk what was the message to it
they all say all some of them say
different things but they all start with
Toynbee idea resurrect dead on planet
Jupiter 2001 like would cut out in vinyl
tiles and cemented into the ground yes
and there was a documentary about these
because nobody had any idea who the fuck
is making them hmm and they'd been
appearing for like decades and so like
it was a group of people who just met on
the Internet and in other places have
been searching for the originator of
these tiles yeah it is and it's a it's a
free documentary you can watch it on
Vimeo right now for free and it is
beautiful it's really well made really
well made documentary and it's called
resurrect dead resurrected the Toynbee
tile story yeah definitely worth a watch
really fun I think I'm going to try to
get the $99 Black Friday 3d s is that
stupid with the switch coming out soon I
you know look at the games look at the
games man if if there's enough games on
the 3ds I mean there it's gonna 3d s is
gonna be around at least for another
year if there's enough if there's enough
games for it then fucking do it man I'll
be quite honest with you since I've had
the 3ds
ah it's making me love my Vita more well
that's a glowing recommendation right
there I I described Jax style as lesbian
dad yeah yes sure I think there are more
games I enjoy on the Vita then around
the three DS cuz the Pokemon why has not
been doing it for me
there's only so much Smash Brothers I
can play on the 3ds before my hand
cramps and the Mario games you know I
can play on my wii u I don't need them
so angry Jack I got the 30s and had a PS
TV then I got a video I'd like there's I
think there's better games on the Vita
wow I think they're armed
Wow I'm sorry stuff just Wow huh that's
just that's interesting like galena's no
and you know what link between worlds is
fun I don't know if that's a deal
breaker I think there's more like just
thinking about what's on the Vita on my
personal Vita right now I mean it's a
lot of games that are on PC but I can
also play on my Vita like risk of rain I
can play any time binding of issac which
is also on the 3ds but a really broken
ass version it's on the 3ds
so risk of rain binding of issac nuclear
throne the swapper spelunky crypt of the
necrodancer is on my Vita trying to
think of other games that are on maybe
death and a few other games that are on
my Vita that Oh what was that what's
that remember the the weird falling down
the pit game dumb well down down well is
on my Vita like Donnell's good down
wells good down was a great pick up and
play game are we looking forward to the
switch oh yeah I'm looking I'm looking
really forward to dealing with that
gimmick so I can play the two games that
come out for it then I'm actually going
to care about you know Nintendo's has to
sort out this whole third party support
situation they really do they really
need to sort that out they're probably
gonna have to get one at some point just
new Mario is gonna look funny yep no
maybe the Zelda will come out on it
someday and or maybe it'll just pick the
lane to the next time I try to do a new
system because it didn't sell as much as
they thought it would again ESS Mario
three Zelda games three Pokemon games
Xenoblade Xenoblade Chronicles etc it's
just too easy to choose the DES ya know
DS has some fines and fine games find
games and the DS has a slew of NES
titles SNES titles that you can play on
the DSO it's like there's there are good
reasons to get a 3ds personally I I
still play my Vita more and I understand
that might be different from some of you
but I'm like I'm not a friend I'm fond
of Smash Brothers I don't give a shit
about Mario Kart right Pikmin don't pick
my nose pink pickman's a real-time
strategy game so you probably won't yeah
Metroid whatever I love I love Metroid
I'm gonna play first-person shooter I
like I like the mouse right alright the
mouse that's that's important
no I I dig the gimmick I that's the one
thing the one thing that I both love and
hate about my veto is there are a ton of
games that have like Vita and ps4
support right so theoretically you could
start playing on your Vita save the game
and then pick up the same game on your
ps4 yeah and I love that idea
it doesn't always work there's a lot of
like janky cloud save bullshit in
between the two and so having it as just
one unit means that it will work all the
time and so I'm really excited about
that because I am a handheld gamer which
means I can play on my team I can play
Mario on my TV pause it pick up my
switch go to the bathroom continue
playing Mario whilst pooping save it go
back to my TV once I'm done an hour
later after my knees are so off yes
Super Metroid was great because that's
not a first-person shooter I need to
play with a gamepad right and nothing
against the 2d metroids but I don't
think there's a fancy 2d Metroid getting
ready to come out on the switch I can't
imagine and even if there was honestly
I'm not like a Metroid mega fan it
wouldn't be like oh god I need it I need
it I can be neat not oh my god we're
falling so somebody in the chat machine
the steam link we have a steam link I
gotta be honest I don't know what it
does for sure what's the steam link
doing a steam link is a way to play
Steam games like on your TV I have that
already it's called an HDMI cable for
some people who have their computer in a
different room than their main living
room so you have your computer like in
your office right yeah I put a steam
link in your living room hooked up to
your TV and it beams the signal the the
video signal tank okay I've heard it it
can get a little I mean my computer is
in the literal imagine cork goes right
to the TV right got one the what am i
compute Mario under the TV yep
for some people who don't do that the
steam link I've heard good things and
bad things but you know I've heard there
can be delays if your internet
connection isn't good enough and that's
unacceptable it's great in the bedroom
why am I playing why would have you
playing games in the bedroom you your
bedroom is for two things people this is
super important your bedroom is for
sleeping and maritals okay that's it I
could say it if I had like kids that I
wanted to get away from but I don't know
then you definitely don't want it in
your living room because then the kids
will watch no you're perfect Kara but
she doesn't give a shit if I'm playing a
game she's right you should not have a
TV in your bedroom it makes sleeping
harder yeah it's true some people Karen
yes she doesn't like any kind of she
likes to sleep and pitch quiet blackness
I don't yes I will go to sleep watching
TV we're gonna yeah always always crazy
lesson complete what kara watch it's
most times now but I mean right I don't
know what's happening in the game guys
were so sorry like if she's out of town
visiting her mother yeah um I'm sleeping
in the living room watching the TV
really yeah interesting very weird to me
that's very strange to me I need some
kind of noise or something when I go to
bed and otherwise it feels like I'm
gonna goddamn coughing oh maybe that's
why I like it
I can think about death that's what
happens it's horrible
that's when you get your best ideas
that's that's when all of the problems
in
the world and my life and mmm and death
that all comes to haunt me what about a
quiet dark room exactly I don't I can't
that's that's when you deal with your
demons night mom deal you got to deal
with your demons it's a perfect time to
do it
Oh I obtained a sparkling stone nice
problem what do you think too much as
you need ways to distract yourself from
thinking too much and that's where you
just lose your mind that's the hardest
I've been I think I mentioned this
before I'm taking November off of
drinking and that's the hardest part
like the first couple of weeks is you
know you usually have a beer or two
before you go to bed and like going to
bed and stone sober or you're just like
your brain starts buzzing yeah I've been
playing a little bit of a 3vs3 overwash
it's not it's debt it's different it's
nice that seems like it would be nice it
seems like it would be less of a
clusterfuck it is but it's it's and it's
more tense because it's also permadeath
oh you get one round and if you die
you're out for the rest of the round
yeah and so it is stressful but it's fun
it's it's really interesting we get a
new map for three versus three so just
smoke weed Jack no it's worse than weed
I think I've talked about this before
I'm I I was hugely paranoid on weed weed
is no good all right gobbledygook says
hey guys gobbledygook weird political
question related to Pokemon all right
now I'm in new it should games made in
foreign countries have a forty five
percent tariff on them and if so would
you pay over $100 for a pokemon game
they would you know what if it could
cost that much maybe they would set up a
manufacturing plant in the United States
to crank the game out that would be
interesting I know isn't that the thing
in Australia
isn't that why games in Australia are
ridiculously close not sure if that's
why I know they're ridiculously
expensive yeah
oh hello hello white hat lady why are
they playing a children's game this is
the hot new game man it's pokemons
we aren't playing anything jackass I'm
playing it I have my my 3ds here I I
don't know what the fuck is going on you
know what I don't know and I am playing
this on the 3ds you don't see me looking
at the 3ds because the capture card goes
right to the computer and there's it's
lag list capture and so I can just watch
it on TV which is actually really nice
just playing it on the TV so I can just
watch it right on the TV which is why
you see me looking at the TV but I do
have my 3ds here in front of me and the
shot you can send that link anyway I
just I find the toy be telling tales
interesting no even if it's not
completely new information as compared
to what was in the documentary it's fine
it's fine
when does the game start that's a great
question at this point in almost any
other Pokemon game I would already be
going through the bushes with my starter
program Pokemon I don't even have a
Pokemon yet how long have we been
playing obviously we're taking it we're
taking some breaks so like talk about
shit but like I have not been playing at
all and this fucking sucks
one minute start I wouldn't game stop
paying games right when was the game
part of the game such a low priority I
think thank you uncharted that's the
that's the real question is like why do
people want to play a Pokemon game well
I want to play with fucking pokemons I
don't care about this lady with the
white hat I don't care that I'm on an
island I don't care about sexy shirtless
professor I want a fucking Pokemon and I
want to fight other pokemons gosh darn
it I want to capture innocent cute
animals and force them to fight each
other yes Jack Hoffa that's exactly what
I want to do and this is so fucking
sucks aimless Corsair shows I think one
lesson I've taken from the u.s. election
and braixen yep
set people on both sides of the
political spectrum need to learn to
listen to each other's concerns without
resorting to house
Stella T yes and now for me
the you know people are passionate man
if you if you talk about politics and
the second thing on your mouth is you're
an idiot you're stupid you're horrible
well sure yeah you're gonna accomplish
nothing
III I'm just saying like you can't
expect no hostility passionate subject
Oh fuckin finally I get to choose my
goddamn Pocomoke a rich let's take the
seal we got it we got bow tie owl we got
we got kitty cat
Jody Creek prick bastard says Ludwig von
missus a fraud and we've known this
since the forties take the fucking seal
huh do it you wanted to see him I'm a
CSP which one award I said take the seal
I will take the dumb seal pop P blow
fucking look at a dumbass seal all right
shit they've given me the goddamn
decision all right great
it's just like the election my vote is
fuck you all right I'll take the
water-type you'll choose the water tank
pump up people oh yes you choose put
people oh great great we got a fucking
pup
I got that we got to see him oh that's a
good question yeah cuz I kind of know
the answer
Oh old handsaw says hi guys I just
re-watched best of the worst the Star
Wars Holiday Special episode oh great
that's a good one Jack yes who did you
have to kill to get that awesome diehard
sweatshirt lol gobble my giblet that is
a question I get often is where did you
get that awesome I have a gun now hohoho
sweatshirt rich would you like to tell
the story of that sweatshirt you you
tell the story I don't know the full
story
I know oh I thought I thought you
weren't well so they they will you
everyone had a fun Christmas sweater
right like but no you guys all had like
traditional Christmas gear I mean I
didn't even know I didn't even know at
the time yeah like as we filmed it I
thought everything was I thought it was
official
oh sure well and so apparently as an ode
to the greatest Christmas movie diehard
J wanted a now I have a gun hohoho
sweatshirt from die hard so he looked
online for a sweatshirt with that so you
could just buy it and get it with all
the other Christmas concerts but the
only ones they had online actually like
had die hard written on them fucking
ruined fucking ruined fucking ruined and
they looked awful and so what Jay did is
bought a gray sweatshirt and painted it
on him himself so I got that sweatshirt
from Jay and it looks so good I thought
it was official I thought it was
official product yes it looks way better
than any official product before that
sweatshirt and yeah Jay made it that's
where I got it he did a great job great
job yep why would you make that shirt
and print die hard under the whole whole
hope you could maybe a little die hard
like yeah I know it's dumb oh I should
name it Eloise Cole yes you're right
this will be my Pokemon Eloise Cole
bark-bark fucking it he accepted me I
don't care if he accepted me he's my
slave now he has to accept me that's how
fucking pokemons works
I put the pokemons in the ball and then
it's my slave am i spelling this right
Eloise
is that is that correct
evil kumquats and a we scold yes okay
great
does the knife stuck in the wall next to
the front door on the plank it said go
all the way through it does do you have
to avoid hitting it as you go pass
behind the set or is the tip cut off no
I just threw it through that through the
wall and we left it there that's that's
the story of the knife is it going so
far through that you heard you know it's
not I'm not sure it's going through the
styrofoam yes like a half inch thick
styrofoam wall there yeah I don't I
don't think it's sticking out further
than like the two inch plywood frame
yeah but still I suppose you could we
don't like we're always running behind
that wall you know and I'm just trying
to think of what's behind like what's
behind that wall is just another wall so
it's like there's no reason to actually
go back there what did i do did i mess
up the name i don't care have i ever
been injured on the Earlham set has
anyone I have one of the early early
half of the bags no I think was the
episode where the bricks were being
thrown through the window okay
mr. Plunkett walks in holding like a
ceramic train and then they throw the
brick and it hits the tray and smashed
the tray that cut up my finger really
fucking good oh it did it yeah oh shit
and it would not stop bleeding and
like I did what you're supposed to do
when you have a cup that won't stop
bleeding I was applying pressure and I
was holding it over my head because
that's what you're supposed to do and
like that just holding it over my head
my hand like that while I was no
bleeding yeah profusely was like a
irritating mikage a they wanted me to
get out of the room because I was making
them uncomfortable that sounds about
right I was I had like a blob of
bleeding that wouldn't stop right that
sounds exactly they cut me by throwing a
brick at me while I was holding a
ceramic platter that sounds exactly
right
I think I have also cut myself here at
the studio well something that you guys
probably know like is probably pretty
obvious is there's glass everywhere
in the studio everywhere and you know
what you guys do a really good job of
like sweeping and cleaning up but
there's glass everywhere because of some
one who drinks too much beer and throws
around beer bottles I won't say who that
would be inappropriate of me to say who
drinks too much beers and throws around
beer bottles but I think I stepped on I
stepped on a big piece of glass when
we're right through my shoe got me
pretty bad yeah
oh thanks my pop we blow does look
pretty cool great
troller Reptar says hey political
commentators hi that's us were you we're
the best political commentators ever
strongly recommend you check out the TV
show he expands it's a very cool new
hard sci-fi drama also please name your
most of that Pokemon
after me crow a raptor okay well we'll
see about that
the expanse is a great show I really
enjoy it it's a little cheesy but a
really good heart sign speaking of hard
science yeah I finally got to watch more
Westworld yeah you know you would love
Westworld yeah fucking hell tell me tell
me when the first season is done and I
will watch I binge watch yeah oh no and
you absolutely should have been binge
watching I'm five episodes in now and
the detail into the sci-fi of that world
is amazing like okay they're getting
into some weird like how they make the
artificial intelligence brain work it's
so fucking good West world is so fucking
great and I know there's not many
episodes out right now I think there's
only seven or eight and I'm five in and
it's just so great I'm enjoying it more
and more there's so many storylines
happening at once there's weird trippy
shit like timey shit it's great bring up
ash vs. Evil Dead I'm waiting to binge
it yeah it routes around in your mind
fuck yes it really does
all right here we go ooh Beastmaster ad
on the chat aside watch up to Episode
seven before recommending it fire
episode five and I recommend it fuck you
how about that I get water gun right off
the bat yay so Norton normally in the
pokémons games uh-huh
your starter Pokemon starts off with
like maybe one attack move and it's like
the most generic like pound or scratch
something like that you know so you can
like work up to the good moves but I
start
with fucking water gun against a
fire-type this is baby's first Pokemon
game right here water gun hype no cuz
I'm like I get I I'm going up against a
fire-type rival and water strong against
fire in the old Pokemon games your rival
would choose the Pokemon that you're
weak against you know to push you around
a little bit you got to earn you got to
earn your battles motherfucker well that
was great if I didn't finish it what I
recommend Mass Effect 3 actually if you
didn't finish it I would be like upset
that they like took away my story from
me and it was like didn't feel like my
character anymore Bioware Shepard he'll
do what we want to do there's a lot of
cancer in Mass Effect 3 that's not
related to the ending okay you seven a
book 9 says gentlemen dad mum
well the contentious debate and divisive
rhetoric the past couple of weeks I feel
the need to finally make my voice heard
on a very popular topic ok great
pineapple is a great pizza topping well
you're wrong you're wrong and that's why
we stopped talking about it because
you're wrong there's no debate you
pineapple on pizza it's it's the worst
on pizza oh I see that rada scopic is
asking if we I have not played the
beginner's guy the beginners guide from
the guy who played Stanley parable but I
did put it on my list the beginner's
guide rich hmm to watch the guy the
people who made Stanley parable oh I've
made a new game oh called The Beginner's
Guide called The Beginner's Guide ok and
we should end at put it on our list of
things to play maybe so I'm sure the
Stanley parable is even a game but it's
interesting it holds your attention it's
I mean it's I think it's a game there's
interaction it's a game that we can
never ever stream because it would ruin
it if you want to consider it a walking
simulator it's actually what I like I
guess you could
debatable it's well it's not exactly
linear it's it's a game it's the the
game in the game is about ignoring the
game that's what but the trick is you
can't write you can never escape the
exactly it asked you to try and you can
never do it it never asks you to try to
ignore the game temperature - it tempts
you to ignore the game which is what
makes it a brilliant game about ignoring
a game but you can never beat the game
which again makes it brilliant you're
rescued yeah rescued me no pint a
pineapple pineapple is this is too sweet
to sweets pizzas and Avery I know why
the fuck would you want sweetness on
your pizza fucking weird like we get
enough sweetness from the tomatoes times
different because I like this sort of
sweet on a pizza that's different
oh look at me you might well you might
as well dip your cookies and ketchup
Californian pizzeria yeah it's gonna be
called cookies and ketchup that's gonna
be your signature dessert actually on
the pizza a pizza with pineapple
Canadian bacon and and cookies with
ketchup we got rid of a tradition of
marinara sauce and we use ketchup Oh
cookies sweet and savory can be a good
combination I don't think it works on
pizza because once you add in the
sweetness of the tomato sauce then you
get too sweet
what game is where you were talking we
were talking about the Stanley parable
the Stanley parable which is a game
about ignoring the game but trying to
break the game yes the game the
unofficial game of Stanley parable is
about trying to break the Stanley
parable even though they expect you to
try to break it and you never can and
it's it's one of the greatest games ever
and we can never stream it because that
would ruin everything for you it has a
free demo that is entirely different yes
I'm the main game and you can and yes
play it play it the Stanley parable play
it the beginner's guide is you know who
knows they can't everyone's gonna
everyone's going to compare it to the
Stanley parable hold on hold on Tybee
react is saying a tacitly incorrect
thing which is the worst thing I ate in
the US was chicken with waffles then you
ate the wrong fucking thing here's
here's here's a situation where sweet
and savory can meld perfectly so one of
my favorite places to eat when I'm in
Los Angeles is Roscoe's chicken and
waffles okay and you get you know a
deep-fried chicken breast or whatever on
top of a big old waffle and you get like
this crunchy savory chicken breast and
the super sweet waffle and you know you
start normally you start like waffle and
syrup and your chicken breast comes with
some hot sauce chicken and hot sauce
then maybe you dip the chicken in the
sear ah crazy then you dip the waffle in
the hot sauce and it's the greatest
thing fucking ever
chicken and waffles is great and that is
an instance in which sweet and savory
can meld together okay probably probably
because the the sweetness of syrup is
like a deep sweetness and so it melds
with the the savory whereas like a
pineapple sweet is really tart sweet so
anyway sorry anam night that's fine
anonymous mama says someone recently
reminded me not special the Mortal
Kombat Theme song to the movie is Mortal
Kombat what are your thoughts to the
film dude why do you like it do and who
are your favorite character cast again
your might do honestly i've test your
might I forgotten almost everything
about the film Jack the Mortal Kombat
film yeah except the song the song is
the only memorable thing about them I
just like it don't they halfway through
the song just like name characters okay
so I think so Luke Cage Raiden here's
what I remember about the Mortal Kombat
movie I was really excited about it
obviously because you know like I played
the game but not only that because the
girl who was the the main girl in Billy
Madison was Sonya
the actress who played the girl in Billy
Madison with Sonya and you know I was
pretty young at the time so I was like
ooh this attractive lady is going to be
Sonya that's so hot but uh Luka K oh not
loo K sorry I'm Johnny Johnny Cage wait
why did you choose this sweetheart
because it's cool yeah who's that
actresses name Bridget Wilson is that it
yeah it was basically boobs that's why I
was excited just babes can I can I go
fucking fight other Pokemon now no I'm
gonna have a difficult time Tybee react
with cars 3 because there is already a
movie called cars 3 if anyone remembers
the vaguely familiar if anyone remembers
the famous internet video get out your
fucking checkbook by Bobby hacker mmm no
it's just it's like a used car salesman
and he just repeats get out your fucking
checkbook and it gets all weird and shit
ok
this guy Bobby hackers made a series of
these videos culminating in a movie Cars
three that was actually put out and
distributed by Troma and like there's
this whole story behind the movie and I
would love for them to actually make
some sort of documentary about it
Patton actually Patton Oswalt had
something to do with the movie is uh in
any case so there's already a movie
called called cars three that I own that
is you know in my movie collection right
now so when the other cars three comes
out it's gonna be weird but hey miss
Pixar good pick they're not not
non-sequel Pixar yeah so finding dory
the other day Karen really wanted to
wash it oh yeah it's not the worst
that's not the worst it's the worst
there's nothing special about it okay
there's not a single single thing about
finding Dory that's special and amazing
no the it's it's a movie entirely
entirely dependent on your love for the
first movie yeah yeah yeah I think it's
awful I really think finding Dory is
awful
however everything that like made Dory's
character like fun and weird and and and
funny in the first movie they explained
in the second movie and it makes it
incredibly less fun and weird and funny
like her her talking to whales he's a
really good joke in Finding Nemo like
she can talk to whales but she just kind
of like says English but in whale talk
yeah that's a funny joke that's a plot
point in finding dory that's dum-dum
inside out is great i think great
stretching it inside out was fine it
said out it's fine i I like inside out
more than finding Dora as I think
finding Dory is bad fucking fucking
fucking fuck let me go fight fucking
pokemons
and I know very little about the cars
three trailer people on the chatter
saying it's dark could be who cares okay
I mean yo Wally's I mean Incredibles yes
the best best Wally is beautiful as much
as I love the Incredibles
yeah I don't know Wally and even up our
fuckin great I put Wally above up purely
like up tears me up and I'm not even
just talking about the opening Oh No the
payoff near the end yes I know exactly
the thing yep that tears me up yes that
gets me every fucking time yeah yep
absolutely absolutely
now up is gray up is I actually I think
up is a really underrated Pixar I mean
in the Pixar universe yeah I think I
think it's people consider that to be
mid tier Pixar when it should be top -
the eggs are you know what I'm saying
and I love the Incredibles incredible
Cernan those three movies are all
fantastic incredible Zwolle a fantastic
movie so absolutely absolutely what was
the last movie I got teary-eyed during
it was probably up man up was nominated
for bit maybe I don't know I guess I get
the I get the impression that up is
underrated you know what I think
ratatouille has some strong points I
don't think like an in the grand scheme
of things no no no he's doing this
fucking fucking fuck man you know what's
the under a Pixar movie rats it to it
yeah like I could see that ratatouille
is not necessarily a kids movie you know
and it's not quite deep enough to be an
adults movie I just don't get the appeal
of ratatouille
what do you mean like what's good about
it um I don't know it's interesting just
you know someone vaguely amusing it's
not it's not up there with the best of
the Pixar's no no it's it's it's like
they were trying to make another artsy
Pixar film but they were trying too hard
well you know what I think like you know
it's a smaller movie it's it's no pun
intended because it's about Iran but you
know like it's just it's just a very
small simple movie unlike their other
grand grandiose adventure movies you
know there's about a right right cooking
you know it's not it's not an epic
adventure but you know no one talks
about brave and I think it won Best
Animated Oscar very forgettable brave
brave was terrible
brave was brave felt like a DreamWorks
film right it's very standard so like so
standard that that it gave like what I'm
making she would brave is like should
click any while you're talking oh thank
you shit the big issue with brave was
that the main character almost had
nothing to do with the plot like you
know people told her where to go people
told her how to feel people told her how
to solve the problem that was my biggest
problem a brave Jesus Christ I get
potions and pokeballs right off the bat
and the fuck I think it's happening to
rich okay someone up time someone up
time me exclamation point up time
you can do it yeah one hour and nine
minutes before I can catch a fucking
pokemon be fair yeah a lot of time we
were talking and not hitting the a
button probably but an hour okay okay
approximately an hour before I can just
walk around and catch a fucking Pokemon
this is Islam Sam pick a peak I was
clicking a while we were talking about
Trump and shit
Wow what'd I do wxs I like my PSVita
Jack yeah do you ever use the ps4 remote
play you can play your ps4 games
anywhere on the go including DC Universe
Online and it's free you fucks um I
tried it a couple times and there was
just too much lag with the stuff I was
playing so I haven't done it often
honestly that many ps4 games that I play
really just blood-borne yeah and
blood-borne would be a terrible one to
do that with actually I think I tried it
with blood-borne just to like test it
out and the lag was too much for me
oh my playstation 3 died the other day
oh I'm sorry
cuz Karen was playing planet coaster and
I couldn't use my computer yeah
so I you know I went to play some
vanquish and it kept randomly crashing
on me Oh
so I actually spent $150 to get a new a
ps3 oh did you yeah yeah and I got I got
I do have a lot of PlayStation 3 games I
don't know how many of them I'm going to
play with any regularity that aren't
vanquish yeah so feel really Stu
but when it comes to steam sure sure I
went to the GameStop Oh and they had
some deaf he tried to tell me you
couldn't switch out the hard drives just
like you this one's got the bigger hard
drive like you know why I got a hard
drive at home but it's fine you can't
move it over like no I know you can
because that's what I did with my old
one used to have a much smaller driving
we owe the reformatting I can back up
the data look the up self with a 500 gig
you trying to sell me it's only 20 bucks
you're only gonna get yourself an extra
20 bucks by lying to me about switching
out a PlayStation 3 hard drive that's
his job man great
woody this is Maya this is my new
pokémon's woody more grass Oh a Pokeball
Oh Dolan would have been a nice name too
who do we get oh look at this fucker go
Eloise Cole look at this guy he's
mean-looking he's mean-looking
everything's giving taco salad Tuesday
happy Thanksgiving to everyone you know
I'm doing something different for
Thanksgiving this year I don't know if
I've talked about this don't you have it
usually I like to deep fry a turkey
because that's the best way to have
Turkey is you know you should deep fry
it but deep frying is is really tough
like it takes a lot especially in the
cleanup you got a deal with a lot of oil
a lot of used oil that you can't do much
with and so we are instead of turkeys
this year I'm making steaks
really I'm just making steaks on the
grill just fucking fuck it why do we got
to do turkey that's my question why why
turkey think about that
and what the Karen's mothers recently we
celebrated Thanksgiving early okay
and we said Pizza okay her mother really
likes the pizza they sold this local
place or just got that that's behind
that's fine
Thanksgiving man things be a changin you
know I don't think turkeys nut you know
you know what we did growing up for
Thanksgiving my mother hates
Thanksgiving she hates it
she she's never come over for
Thanksgiving because Thanksgiving is her
day just to do whatever so here's what
we did growing up for Thanksgiving
we got McDonald's and watch movies all
day that was it yeah that was all of our
Thanksgiving and it's pretty nice spend
all day watching movies eat McDonald's I
like to cook how I'll always call garuda
seven great you guys have an obsession
with deep-frying over there well yes
because deep fried food is good be fried
food is good motherfucker look at this
thing what are we gonna name this one
rich but but great turtle the wife says
is it now Canada mr. blinken fucks his
own adult diapers once full yeah sure
why not
scatting so important to kept in the
pack you know can't can't disregard that
cannon
I have willy nilly I have over the years
I have logged the several continuity
complaints with Jay and Mike and they
haven't they don't seem to care about
any of them when I died on that show
that's it I'm gone for good
tits 84 says that's Titus but I wanted
to say tits a boy but it's Titus 84 Jack
I'm Jack in your younger years yes well
you ever stoned and in your clown getup
at the same time this is a fine question
I approve as a fine question I like I
would love to on the spot make up a
story and lie to you and say yes but the
real answer is no I would love to have a
I would love to have a story about me hi
my clown getup but unfortunately no
that's a yes evil Lord David says hey
Jack David here hi Dave
don't let the slow easy start for you
this game is a lot like a marriage it
feels easy at first but as soon as you
get comfortable it becomes much more
difficult I hope good good I'm having
I'm having a real issue with Pokemon why
is my is is my big thing Pokemon why has
been far too easy I'm I'm on like the
fifth gym leader and I'm steamrolling
everyone I come across and team
composition doesn't really seem to
matter and there's a lot of old Pokemon
so like even catching new Pokemon
doesn't seem to matter so it's just one
of the has BEC word to your mother I
used to be a clown for a few summers I
was a professional clown I clowned at
children's birthday parties and events
and such I was even in a couple I'm
sorry I was even in a couple parades as
a clown I was a professional clown which
is why they're asking if I've ever and
and I used to get high separately from
manga club so that's why they're asking
if I ever got high as a clown what do I
need what do I name the Caterpie what
her name chat or donating the Caterpie
first good name I see name it clowned
sure yeah that's the little ball on top
of the pointy hat it's sideways oh you
know what that's better
okay let's see if can we do that try it
see if it works on the desk that's what
I'm seeing might not look right here
there's no asterisk
there's no asterisk oh there is
so asterisk oh here we go here's a bunch
of symbols I don't know if you got that
yes that's vital did you need the pointy
hat I'm looking while you're doing that
gobbledygook says Gabaldon cooks please
stop miss categorizing cali pizza it's
defined as a personal pizza with that's
covered up by the finger it's defined as
a personal pizza with local fresh
ingredients like fresh tomatoes onions
artichokes olives and onions popularized
by California Pizza Kitchen okay it just
seems like pineapple and Canadian bacon
is something they would eat in
California it just seems that way I
liked the little Kahn symbol but uh they
didn't have it so I just went back to
clowned okay that does seem like a
California thing pineapple and I know
that type Foods is called a Hawaiian
pizza right but it just sounds like
something that would even California
yeah mr. California Pizza would have
some sort of avocado on it they love
avocados umberto Cabbage Patch says
Kimble dark cabbage by the 20th
anniversary of Space Jam was a few days
ago when can we expect a review no idea
I don't believe it's in the works
Space Jam the most important movie ever
made
take that you piece of shit worm movies
where you learn well maybe Michael
Jordan can do something wrong hate is a
popular movie wasn't it I don't know
probably I don't remember
Oh Michael Jordan I remember liking the
McDonald's commercials they were based
off of more
the movie was based off the series of
commercials where Michael Jordan Charles
Barkley and I believe the bird
Larry burger bird would play basketball
with like Bugs Bunny and okay nice the
television nice god-emperor nerd says
yeah I used to manage to bleep pizza
place you would make all sorts of
bizarre creations for ourselves
you think pineapple is weird I made a
patent I'd pizza that was awesome
cilantro shrimp tofu excellent around
mmm listen I've had some weird-ass pizza
and you know it can work my my issue
with the pineapple pizza is that it is a
it is a tart sweetness that I don't
think meshes well even with the tomato
sauce that's the real problem is just
the tert sweetness with the tomatoes in
general put anything else beyond it you
want it's too sweet too sweet Mike used
to work that thing someplace
yeah I remember our story is about a
meatball then falling like on the floor
behind a cow or a counter and it's
started to turn green and there was
constant constant joking threats to put
it on a pizza oh yeah oh man I stopped
eating there yeah yeah you want to do
that okay this story about a co-worker
that had locked himself in the restroom
and was threatening to slash his wrists
for this car keys for any particular
reason
drama queen I know him there's fucking
drama queen gotcha gotcha
gobbledygook says again we do not grow
pineapples here in California it is not
our pizza that is Hawaiian style pizza
like spam and POI please view this hey
Kiwis better than me
is trying to make a snide comment I'd
already scrolled them say said hey Jack
complained about the game taking so long
to start and now he's hanging out in the
same patch of grass for a half an hour
that's the fucking game man you go
through the grass and you see what
pokemon are in there I reach once I
reached a point of catching all the
Pokemon now I'm moving on
how about you settle the fuck down cuz
now I'm playing the game I'm catching
all the Pokes mamas yeah seems very
exciting now it's getting exciting look
I'm coming a battle now use my water gun
there's your Bhumi okay good look what's
that a Rattata
oh that's the they really copped out in
this game with the new Pokemon it's just
the old Pokemon but like this is a
Rattata which already exists in the
Pokemon universe but it's got a little
mustache because it's in a loja a Tana
it's a Hawaiian Ratana so it's a magnum
p.i Rattata Oh Tom Selleck motherfucker
over new blade says what are your top 5
picks our films of all time and when
we're on an animation topic what are
your favorites to do did you bleed
Ghibli Miyazaki movies do you have a top
5 or have you only seen a few how do you
know if you can't every pokemon in there
right you don't really but you know I
was I was running across the same three
and usually there aren't any like secret
Pokemon in the first grass patch so you
know that's probably the first three
sometimes in areas they have like rarer
pokemons I will only show up like one in
20 or something like that and so you
just keep on you keep on going in the
same area over and over like go in
circles you walk in circles and take it
the right Pokemon buttons you know I
know 3ds fancy at all yeah this looks so
much less efficient and useful than the
2d top-down the 2d temp done it's way
better
you can't you get to see more of the
area you get a better sense of where you
are this is this is limited this looks
like a bad idea I think it is I do think
it is Nintendo does not oh wait don't
want to fight you yet
top five Pixar films do you have well
get lead you believe Miyazaki Emma
that's just to me that's just to you
Totoro my neighbor totoro is up there
Ponyo I love Kiki's Delivery Service
Howl's Moving Castle and spirited away
I'm probably forgetting some no that's
five you can't find a bad one there's no
there's no bad ones Studio Ghibli films
okay is that is the moral of the story
Pixar you've got the top three I don't
know how to rank them and it breaks my
heart when I even think about it right
wilee up and The Incredibles are all
fucking fantastic kind of fond of
monsters incorporated yeah that might
that might make my fourth slot I don't
know what is the fifth what does the
fifth Pixar film can we agree on the top
three if not their order what do you got
wall-e up and The Incredibles absolutely
and then three Monsters Inc Finding Nemo
I guess I I if we can we clump all the
toy stories together like cannot three
stories fine always I mean it doesn't
touch up wall-e or the Incredibles oh no
I'm just I'm thinking employes I might
like Toy Story better than monsters I'm
finding monsters I'm really fun of
Monsters Inc monsters pretty good
monsters it's pretty good
monsters pretty good I don't know if if
if it's better I want to move my Pokemon
well that's why Toy Story is better than
Incredibles and monsters is Luke's 72w
you are allowed to feel that way my
opinion is different
Toy Story 2 is flawless
I had to rewatch Tori's too because did
not stick with me toy toy choice - I
don't know if people know this Toy Story
2 actually started its life as a
direct-to-video sequel and throughout
production they've realized like yeah
this is kind of alright we could
probably make money off of a real
feature and they had to rewrite large
sections of it to make it a real feature
Toy Story is pretty good no they're
gonna say I hate Toy Story why do you
hate Toy Story rich even though I don't
hate Toy Story
I like Toy Story you just don't put it
up there or what the time I fix our
films um
so I'm the monster I might put toy
starting the top 5 I agree with you I
agree with you at the top 3 got a
ballute wow those are the top 3 monsters
is pretty good might be monsters in Toy
Story then for me for my other two I'm
Tracy I'm trying to think of other ones
bug's life
oh the cars moving I think cars gets a
lot of flack and I don't think that's
deserves the first card cards cars to is
junk garbage monster University I didn't
see that one garbage the other sequels
they made ratatouille no it's not that
was a sequel but ratatouille yeah right
- it's fine yeah fine it's fine that
goes below the Toy Story films I think
right - it goes below it does a bug's
life it goes below the Toy Story films
yeah I haven't seen the dinosaur one Oh
a good dancer it's man I haven't seen
any of the cars films car cars one
it's a bad rap yep and I think it's
alright
I think brave out of the ones I've seen
brave is on the bottom car worthless out
of the ones I've personally seen cars -
goes right there goes right the fuck to
the bottom cars - is is pandering
nonsense but uh and then brave is right
above it ratatouille is a fantastic
message of the other we shouldn't
prejudge a rat who knows how to cook
it's the main message at the at the end
is is ya letting go of preconceived
notions not judging a book by it's cover
it's you know Bret ratchet - is is a
good movie it's you know I don't think
it's better than Toy Story I don't think
it's better than Monsters Inc you know
what ratatouille might be like six for
me maybe six I'm not sure where I put I
came around the dam named the inside-out
Oh
this summer middle that you know what
and now there's just too many of them to
even remember - right insiders it's it's
just fine like I I feel like they
handled the message of inside out a
little sloppily if that makes any sense
yeah I I love the message of inside-out
which is basically you which is
basically you have to be okay with
sadness sometimes and I think that's
such an important message and it's
really good but I feel like I don't know
doesn't mean much to me I made peace
with sadness alone
one time ago Jack it's important for the
kids the kids need to know that it's
okay to be sad Paperman does the best
Pixar short that Pixar never made about
making the paper airplanes yeah yeah
it's going I'm waiting for a feature
with that animation so god damn it
oh yeah Jack when your kids are
teenagers you're not going to give two
shits about new animated movies that's
very possible gobbledygook
a very very possible what couldn't get
away well then fuck you Caterpie oh yeah
watch a lot of animated movies cuz I got
kids you know that's what they watch
they love them I fuckin love animated
movies we've been we've been opening an
opening up their horizons and letting
them watch some like pg-13 movies now
and they still would rather watch
animated movies you know hey man what
you want to watch you want watch fucking
Captain America yeah what about trolls
fuck yo kids Oh
- mage says hi a few questions and
advice hmm
update on pass through copy question
Burke copy Kyle are you we have one oh I
don't know do we have a copy pastor I'm
assuming we do I know where to get one
don't know and I wouldn't worry about it
yep
update on project report I don't believe
there are any updates the the only
update I have is a Mario Mario sent me a
message yesterday saying that he's
working on it so the update is it still
happening yeah Thursday stream question
mark if I do it's certainly not gonna be
all day I mean I'm gonna do things with
Karen right I'm gonna get dinner
somewhere yeah
and sit down watch some movies some
stuff she wants to watch absolutely take
the day I presume at some point this is
all presumption on my point okay at some
point she's gonna start playing planet
coaster and that's the world would no
longer exist
yes now if this happens at some point
yeah I might come to the studio and play
some max come okay because I can't play
XCOM at home when she's playing planet
coaster in a zone on my computer right I
really I just got a new graphics card
you know that somebody was nice enough
in the chat to send her their old
computer yes yeah I remember it still
doesn't have a graphics card that's up
to planet coaster I just borrow one oh
okay I was watching a little bit of that
planet coaster there was a lot of shit
happening like and everybody's a 3d
character oh yeah yeah I bet that would
take a lot of processing power
absolutely
it's kind of impressive yeah absolutely
yeah it's okay if Mario Mario is here
listen Mario Mario and uh and Oh bother
are helping us out and you know they've
given us a timeline everything's fine
leave mine where I never said it wasn't
I'm just saying at the point in the day
when Karen starts playing that I might
come over here and just start streaming
well in what literally not guarantee
literally last minute decision what you
are saying is planet coaster is so much
fun you won't be able to hang out with
Karen anymore because she to absorb the
game right yes so you were saying the
opposite of what they were accusing you
yes yes
no it's our that you have the the reason
we are not announcing what Project
Hornet is yet if it might come to
nothing it might be a spectacular
failure probably the most likely outcome
actually it or it might be a success and
we don't want anyone to steal the idea
so
either way

[Part II]
feel the idea so either way instead of
Raspberry Pi make it an up board is that
what they're saying for themselves cuz
after they ask you miss a instead of -
age instead of a Raspberry Pi making it
up board a full 110 machine in the size
of a Raspberry Pi okay hmm interesting
I don't know much about I've never used
a Raspberry Pi you sound neat and I
don't know what an app for it is so if
you want advice I'm afraid I just can't
give it to you I don't know I don't I
don't have a strong opinion on the
Raspberry Pi little computer other than
built the black buying of the Raspberry
Pi yeah and installing that inside a
hollowed-out old mess when probably
getting you something far better than
the stupid-ass mini mess Nintendo's
selling that's only got 30 fucking games
on it by the way
fucking waste and I called it that that
was going to be the hottest Christmas
gift ever sold out in seconds why are
people so dumb because it's a great
Christmas gift for someone who you don't
really know that well I think I think
they like I think they like video games
or something I saw this video game thing
hi what are we calling the bug what work
on the bug chat yeah oh I heard that the
the cable is like crazy stupid short
oh don't build your own or just emulate
the fucking mess on a PC for fuck's sake
I mean Jesus Christ why the fuck not
Geena Davis great it's not hard to do
Geena Davis no because nostalgia that
then buy a fucking Raspberry Pi and
build one out of an old mess Oh Brenda
oh sorry
screwed my gurus brundlefly would have
been a much better name for that yep I
can't now you can't change it after you
named it later
all right not right now gobbledygook
says hey Jack my brother did you
gobble-gobble-gobble-gobble go home on
the day before Thanksgiving it's very
possible that I gobble gobble gobble I
am using my krumitz grill mates mesquite
flavored marinade with turkey breasts
mmm hopefully we'll take like the
hickory smoked turkey lunch meat we'll
see yeah that's very very nice Theron
said so snow have you guys seen the mud
to get more to Salem turn Chris Mary
because I got nothing
well you know that's that's the
important part of making any turkey is
like the you know like just putting a
turkey in the oven ain't gonna give you
shit it's all about the prep work like
when I deep-fry a turkey part of the
reason part of the thing that makes my
deep-fried turkey so damn good is I
blind it the night before the night
before it's it sits in a solution of
salt and brown sugar water all night and
then like I rub it down I make a super
nice so like that's the important part
it's like the shit that you do to a
turkey smoked turkey is legit Jack
trigger Joyce abso-fucking-lutely but
it's all about the prep work that goes
into it like when I'm when I'm making
steaks tomorrow he can't just take him
out of the fridge and put them on the
grill that ain't gonna do you no good
take him out and get him to be room
temperature start rubbing them down like
an hour before you put them on the grill
let let that soak in a little bit how
much does the nest classic peg cost 30
games 30 a mere 30 games a tiny fraction
of the games that appeared on the Ness
genus well that's what I'm saying you're
supposed to take care of your turkey
before even before you bake it in the
oven
how much does the many nests cost rich
yeah yeah check I don't know how much
does in disgust I have no idea how much
of any nests cost sixty eight sixty
we're getting a couple sixty five
thousand absolutely I believe in 64
maybe sixty oh that's a lot of money I
can't fault them they're selling like
hotcakes hotcakes
I just think people weren't dumb yeah I
mean you're not wrong the thing thing I
hear about the nest classic is you need
to press a button on the nests in order
to change games like you can't do that
from the controller and so you either
need to like get up to change games or
have it near you yeah that's bullshit
how about I emulate the games on my
computer you know which also has an HDMI
port they're supposed to run great
though the games are supposed to like
that one they got that one out of the
park they figured that out they figured
out the leaf the fucking 35 year old NES
emulation this that's done you sure yeah
I'm pretty sure great
you could run you could run 500 of them
at the same time the controller cord is
three feet long is that true everyone
wants to steal game look I've got a
bunch of you fucking NES games in a
closet somewhere
I'm not replying that shit I'm also
uncomfortable stealing games it's ok
it's ok to be uncomfortable with it
it's not stealing when you own the
cartridges totally stealing totally
stealing you can justify it all you want
still totally stealing all right all
right no I don't want Ellie's call to
die
that is if the court is really three
feet long that's obnoxiously short
absolutely saying when cooking a turkey
is not overcooking it that's and that's
another truth and captain nitpick like
take your turkey out you know like
really pay attention to the temperature
you need a good meat thermometer you
take it out and then you let the heat
that's in the turkey finish cooking it
third sends us yeah
have you guys seen the trailer for the
show Emerald City it's a Wizard of Oz
adaptation that is actually visually
strong but it's exactly like Mike and
chase pitch for a gritty Humpty Dumpty
reboot hahaha
I haven't heard of it but I might check
it out now absolutely well that's really
funny no I wanted that my dad whoop
ocean ragged Kyra says rich now that
hitman 2016 is finally out will you give
it a try
heard it's an excellent stealth game
with big levels and lots of
replayability hopefully after you review
backlog I have 80 billion in games that
people want me to play that's true 80
billion I'm certainly not gonna say I
won't play it huh but I don't know when
I'll say that that's fair
fucking bird again if I could bear it
again I can only assume the new new one
is a good one and that like the one that
used to be the new one that was terrible
as compared to the one that came out
before which was good
I it's so confusing on to me on which
hitman games are good and which ones are
crap right people seem to have extreme
opinions on them I I can't help you I
can't help you I don't know if I play to
any of the hitman games I hear I think
two is supposed to be the good one
hitman - I don't know how was dishonored
- b5 is great I really liked it I really
liked it
Dishonored 2 I had a great time playing
it we we just filmed our discussion
actually today this afternoon and I will
work my hardest to get that up sometime
next week hoping to get it out early
next week but we'll see overall though I
liked it I liked this on a drill up a
lot of fun with it and rich really
enjoyed playing the thief 5 so tired and
sad says something that Logan is as good
as its trailer suggests and concludes
the series does the x-men franchise as a
whole have the greatest pendulum swings
between very good and shitty yes I think
so
well no you know what I will say no
that's that's really funny if Logan I
don't think there is yet to be a very
good x-men movie I don't think there is
a very good x-men oh ok I think the
original x-men 1 & 2 were fine at the
time it's tough the original x-men
movies were fine at the time look
looking back at them there's they have
major major problems
x2 the Wolverine show has has problems
it has issues x2 was the best of them
and even that one is like it's fine so
like they have a pendulum swing between
fine and utter garbage utter utter
garbage but it's still the largest
quality swing in franchise specifics of
the question yeah the biggest pendulum
swing between as a whole as a whole does
the franchise have the greatest pendulum
swings between quality good and bad no I
think you can look at the super the
original Superman series and some
classics and some schlock in there even
even Batman
what does super I'm always really go
like back and forth yeah the first two
are good and then the second two are oh
sure I suppose you know it's it's not
really a swing that's just a collapse
Touche I mean you could look at like
Star Trek o lot of people don't like the
first one I love the first one motion
pictures great I think rather consecrate
mm3 I don't remember caring that much
for an for is good 5 is shit 6 is great
next movies are terrible you know
there's a huge swing shoe or Star Trek
films you know what and then yeah
next-gen movies were terrible the new
reboot that's been fine too good
yeah yeah alright I hear ya I hear ya
need a Pokemon Center
maybe this time
oh well yeah so I like I I can't say
that they have the biggest pendulum
swings just because I don't think that
the the good ones were very good so as
far as the x-men movies were concerned
and like I thought the first first class
was just alright I really did not like
Days of Future past and I thought
Apocalypse was utter complete garbage
movie so it has a pendulum swing between
alright and garbage movie what might be
upset if you said the reboots good oh
yeah you know Mike is and Mike hates the
reboots Mike like 2009 track he had
issues with it but he didn't hate it
no we both hated into darkness as you
should and then I think we both really
like Star Trek beyond they're a mixed
bag there's that that pendulum yep
Star Trek 2009 kind of dumb but fun nice
looking movie decent for you know a
reboot yep Fresh Start was fine into
darkness oh it's awful under darkness
fucking garbage did beyond was good yeah
that's really good that's really good
darkness into darkness is awful awful
yes yeah
beyond might be underrated yeah my
compared Star Trek 2009 to a rape he
compared it to an enjoyable rape it was
unwanted but when it happened the
reaction was it was kind of nice pay
attention to that that was the actual
comparison going on I know but I just
don't I don't know if you could ever use
the words enjoyable rape is also well
you know what you got it's fucking dark
sense of humor dude I know no but you're
right like that
that skit it was coming it was dreaded
oh god it's gonna be terrible yes what
happened those kind of fun that way that
was that skin if you remember what she
says afterwards was that is fine and yet
she still missed her father's Star Trek
yes
beyond it like beyond was the movie that
it should have been Deanna was great but
it doesn't make it right at all but
there are rape cases where the victim
has had an orgasm it's still fucking
rape but it's still horrible but this
happens I've heard about this happening
I'm sure it happens that's which working
we'll just we'll just not go there all
right all right that's just not a good
place to be
I'm not ready for a Pokemon battle yet I
want to find place to heal up my focus
months
where is my rich it's not uncommon yes
I'm not a just doesn't outweigh the
other thing you know yes something makes
you uncomfortable pretend it doesn't
exist where's the sand is there a hole
large enough for my head oh no no it's I
think that's a slippery slope as far as
saying like like I know they I mean they
orgasm so that that some people could
think that that means that I set eight
times beforehand it's a terrible crime
and it doesn't make it right sure but
then you compared it to an enjoyable
rape okay and so that there's any joy in
a rape is that where it turns into a bad
thing right because the you know it's
it's a terrible terrible thing so just
because someone orgasms does not mean
that any part of it is enjoyable right
that's that that's the part where I'm
saying that's that's where we should
stop all right AJ AJ pimps all says
how're they healed
speaking of California all of your
assumptions in the gremlins commentary
of what Californians think about snow
entirely true or a naive us fuck when it
comes to sky water not Rosen or
otherwise it's true
they were my Pokemon were healed who
healed my Pokemon
okay great
fancy fuck runs and you can see his
hairpiece bouncing that crazy how is
that true
in into darkness you can see Spock's
hairpiece bounce
that's probably is it what he's
violently beating kondeh dev is it is it
when he's being overly emotional just
like Spock or we're offering a pokemon
battle to our to our Island God
Chris Collins says yes you got a name
your pokémon's where where can I send a
screencap of two of my favorite name
pokémon's from pokemons go hope you guys
can check this on air as they should
give you a good laugh no putting the
chat
I don't chat once a Pikachu
hey like a Pikachu that's a Pichu what's
the difference the P a Pichu that
evolves into a Pikachu Oh
Pichu is like a mini Pikachu like a baby
okay let's see what we can do here no
zero says what our next pokemons
question mark the only one the only
pokemons I care about in this one is I
want to mimic you because it looks
adorable I know this would be like a
full battle I didn't know this would be
like a full battle
you can get a Pichu in the grass outside
of town it's like a 5% chance oh okay
I'll go do that after I'm done here I
know what you just got what no my
opponent has a Pichu
oh so my plan is just to walk around I'm
gonna get a Pikachu that's that's that's
the fucking game rich no the game is you
just take your starter Pokemon you hit a
they're gonna fucking chew chewy you you
need out that you've got to find all the
Pokemon you gotta catch them all that's
how you become the very best like no one
ever was why you need that that's our
mission that's our that's our goal to
Kent cuz you know like to catch him is
our true test and to train them is my
cause mindlessly hit a and you grind up
and win know a guy catch the Pokemon cuz
it's fun to have like a little partner
and you know do stuff and you fight the
people and you get the badges then you
fight the only boar and you catch more
Pokemon how's this fight going
um alright I'm using I used but kind of
as a as a as a kamikaze pilot
my main Pokemon is a water type which is
weak against electric so I don't want to
put him up there and yeah so basically
I'm gonna throw woody and Gina Davis at
Pichu just to Whittle them down so what
he's easier to to beat if you kept
levelling up your water type wouldn't
matter of this low rank Pikachu yeah I
could electric powers I didn't know this
fight was coming so thanks not gonna do
very much but yeah it's something
but got pounded that's right Morocco but
was a buffer for the beatdown absolutely
just spent two hours getting my mimic
you it's a five percent chance whoo
that's all I want I just want him to
make you wanna run five hours for a five
percent shit oh my god that's the game
you get you build up your team you get a
cute little really get a cute little
friend that sounds awful we're dogs
miserable nothing about walking around
in the grass for two hours hoping for
that 5% chance nothing about that sounds
fun
hey where's the mimic you that sounds
like two hours of your life that are
just gone tell me where to mimic you is
okay Timmy go tell me what a minute
mimic you is
and you know you know what wait vadoma
says for rich and uncontrolled orgasms
happy prostate Awareness Month 3rd
island
thanks thanks jelly sickle uh-huh are
you laying down with riches laying down
this is this is crazy these crazy things
are happening well I've been in a battle
right now rich I'm battling I thought
you're just hitting the button I'm
fatally battling man look at this battle
this is exciting man this is great
things are happening man we're battling
to appease our Island God for some
reason it's great there's a cat there's
a little fucking cat you know I'm gonna
put out some of my weaker Pokemon so
they get stronger this is the weirdest
shit it's the greatest what are you
talking about shit it's great it's great
looking this is a Pokemon is just taking
so long I I'm making it take a little
bit longer cuz I'm putting out my
weakest Pretenders strategy going off
putting out my weaker Pokemon to raise
them off so you're trying to pretend
this strategy going on just because it's
light strategy doesn't mean it's not
strategy okay man come on now I got my
good Pokemon out and I could be playing
XCOM you could be playing it so yeah
before jack up the studio yeah I was
killing time by playing X condoms
it was fucking amazing oh it's super
effective great it's great this is all
great great things are happening rich
great things are happening you know what
I want to talk about for a little bit
yeah all right maybe this whole this
will interest you a little bit Saturday
Night Live and branded content okay how
do you how do you feel about that
what do you mean Brandon like what's
going on with Saturday live in Brandon
contest so I I was pretty I watched
Saturday Night Live last Saturday for
some reason uh-huh I can't even explain
to you why I watched him and they had a
pre like a pre-recorded and edited video
that was like a fake Target commercial
yeah and it was about like the basis of
the joke was Target it's not just for
shopping you can also hang out in our
big empty parking lot to get away from
your family during Thanksgiving and you
can you know roam our aisles to get rid
of to get away from your family and
think about your life problems and so
that games kind of a joke right yeah
yeah but I'm thinking to myself like
this is another branded branded sketch
because two weeks ago when they had
Benedict Cumberbatch on they had a fake
Kohler commercial for a cool toilet that
you sat on backwards okay but it was you
know like a Kohler toilet it wasn't like
a fake brand toilet yeah it was a
coachman I'm like so in in my head I'm
thinking that these are commercials
disguised as sketches or you know Brant
what we call branded content yeah which
is you know it's a sketch kind of
wrapped around a commercial idea thanks
got my Metapod now boom
and so I made a little Twitter thing
about it and I got into a slight Twitter
rant about it huh where's like Oh like
isn't this crazy like how desperate
commercial television is becoming where
they're like integrating commercials
into the content now like it's and it's
way more brazen than it's ever been
before right right I got into a little
bit of thing with gobbledygook s--
because gobbledygook
was arguing that branded content has
been happening specifically on SNL for
years and you know pointed to a bunch of
sket older sketches right right it was a
slight ran beefcake four or five tweets
not too bad like he was pointing
gobbledygook was pointing out too like
the target lady sketches do you remember
those where Kristen Wiig was like a
crazy target and employee I can't tell
you when the last time I saw Saturday
Night Live was but honestly yeah I think
Phil Hartman was still in the case and
the cast whoa
okay so Jack clearly doesn't remember
the 50s I remember the 50s but uh in any
case so you know there was a little bit
of back and forth between us and and I
was saying like I think this is getting
no I'm not against branded content
I make branded content Maya one of my
pass me a beer gifts made it to the
front page of Reddit again today gifts
got you know five million view that's
Brandon Canton right there little old
Milwaukee
branded content right there I just think
it's interesting so like I made a note
of it I'm not against it I just think
it's very interesting leave is the end
maybe you'll figure out what the mission
is every island and so you know as much
trust in SNL did I have would you I mean
do you I guess like just really a joke
SNL as it what role that doesn't matter
SNL has been an institution and so like
no and you know what it doesn't matter
as long as it's funny right
that's an old still an institution or
are they just like a zombie is it a
zombie show it's still around it well
past its romo abs herbs and flows kind
of like The Simpsons I think I
personally I think SNL has passed it's
right it's it's relevance because no one
really cares about live TV TV anymore
right but I think it has epson flaws I
think there are good episodes and bad
episodes but I'm eight here's here's the
real point of it of my little errors I'm
sorry guys so my point is you know like
there was a big back and forth on
whether or not or how long branded
content has been on SNL like
gobbledygook pointing out David Alan
Grier Hawking Snickers bars as Maya
Angelou like back in the 90s the
difference would be if you're sorry
finish Ram no no good
I am I in my mind what makes it branded
is they are they getting paid to do it
or do they just want to use a brand to
riff on them right or did target go to
them and say can you can he do something
for us exactly and and to me like that's
what this new target fake commercial
fake target commercial look like it
looked like target was saying hey find a
way to fit target into a sketch and you
know like they worked it out Koller said
hey get our name on some sort of toilet
sketch something you know and and it
worked it out here's where the
interesting part really comes in and
someone I wanted to loop in on the
conversation earlier but decided not to
is my cousin Jake who actually worked
for SNL for a season shot he was a
director at ice know he shot the
pre-recorded bits for SNL he jumps into
the Twitter rant and goes hey you know
what I don't think this was a commercial
okay oh well shit you kind of got to
trust him and and I say you know I asked
him on Twitter when you were making bits
for SNL was there any pressure was there
any talk of making commercial bits he
said none
so it's very possible that all these
bits that I have thought were were
branded bits was just them saying oh you
know what it'd be cool to make a fake
commercial that looked like a real
commercial maybe we can ask Target if we
can use a target so it came from them
Oh oh god I'm done pressing hey now
great great his SNL secretly delighted
that Trump won could this be the thing
that keeps them alive that came to the
realm or yours possibly actually they're
probably they're probably more bummed
about it because it probably costs them
more to get Alec Baldwin then just to
have Kate McKinnon do her thing
well the depends upon if they keep using
Alec Baldwin or I've heard I was friend
what are the other guys does a pretty
good Trump oh yeah yeah no I don't know
I think no matter what they would have
they would have been they would have
found comedy it'll keep Alec Baldwin
working right uh yeah you know I I feel
a bit foolish because someone like I
said who has worked for SNL has directed
personnel said yeah you know what I
don't think it's still possible oh it's
still very possible that it was a
branded commercial it's also possible
that it wasn't but in any case I thought
it was interesting God works in the
Chadha saying yeah
latest Alec Baldwin episode
post-election was the lowest rated SNL
episode of all time Wow
here's the question gobbledygook does
does that take into account day-after
online views just a sketch on YouTube
yep yeah cuz SNL has their own YouTube
channel all those sketches go up on
YouTube next day right most of them the
point even watching the fucking show
exactly well that's why I thought it was
so interesting this whole branded
content I thought they were baking it
into the sketches right cuz no one
watches commercials anymore
so that's why branded content is so
important now you have to bake it into
the content which is why I thought
gobbledygook cooks I'm not going to
trust that website with factual
information I'm I'm not going to Jack
and dick yes what did you two want to be
when you grew up that is assuming that
you didn't know playing children's video
games for money was an option back then
large pervert problems in life as I
didn't know what I wanted to do yeah
yeah like drawing mm-hmm
so that's when I was really young I
wanted to draw well okay but you know
bit older everyone I'm not quite good
enough to make a living at it I never
knew what I wanted to do I kind of
honestly I guess back in high school and
whatnot
I kind of hoped that I'd be able to make
money doing the stupid skid stuff sure
Oh can't go that way shame will probably
never be able to do anything with this
whole being goofy in front of a camera
thing that's doomed
that's just doomed guess I'll have to
get a real job so don't don't honestly
it kind of worked out for me
not that why not that what fuck you fuck
you game I want to check out was that
way you're not gonna find any like rich
drawings online I used to like doodle in
class in school not exactly the same
thing as me trying to be an artist I
never got that far with it like talking
about my times like really young I
wanted to draw her
so deadlines a new source you know
that's been around for a while said that
actually post-election was the
highest-rated SNL episode which is why
we don't trust websites that started a
couple years ago where am I supposed to
go how do you know which ones to trust
good point all here here's the real
thing rich I don't care I don't care how
it did I really I really I know I wasn't
paying attention
great I just really don't care I don't
care about SNL ratings I don't think
anyone cares about ratings cuz if they
want to watch it they can just watch it
the next day oh this way here we go okey
Mons
what do you wonder did when you were kid
yeah I just want to do it I just wanted
to be funny I just want I just wanted to
I wanted to be an entertainer that's
that's all I did I had you know like it
like I've said this before I
I was an aimless youth I I didn't have a
clear path to entertainment so you know
like for a while I was in a band and I
was like oh it could be fun being in a
band didn't really work out mostly
because I had to have a real job too and
so like it's really hard to like tour
when you have a real job and you know
had kids pretty young so like it's hard
to tour when you have kids and a real
job and I like doing the video stuff and
that worked out one day I might be able
to be funny I hope most likely a button
I'm really hope I'm working on it
working hard bud
you know you know I used to I used to
believe that everyone could get along
and we could be civil but I know just
for the Chad emote mode huh fuck it I
give up this is what happens I give the
fuck up by the way this didn't happen
when we talked about Trump it only
happened when we talked about Breitbart
now you're doing it I don't want to talk
about it goddamn ha ha
we tried we can't have a civil
discussion
nope with each other we can't you're a
jerk well I don't like you and fuck
everything fuck it fuck it I'm just I'm
just saying I think it's interesting
like we were talking about politics and
it was fine right there we go emo Tommy
mode perfect Chris Newlin says Jack I'm
Jack the shirt you wore a few streams
ago on the Halloween best of the worst
episode the one with the Beatle logo on
the front
yes it's very beetleborgs t-shirt it is
not a beetleborgs t-shirt that is
actually a fara t-shirt from over watch
that is the Farrah scarab logo so it is
an overwatch t-shirt so no gaming has
another Ferrum Prince of Persia Oh at
the time apparently well I think Farrah
is like Egyptian she's an Egyptian
character so yeah so that would make
sense no so that is a Farrah that is an
overwatch shirt which I really like that
you're cut because it's just like the
Beatles symbol you know so it's it
doesn't like say like overwatch on it so
I like that I like I like my shirts to
be a little subtle Chris Cohen says here
you guys go thank thanks for my computer
going on to sleep on honey
thanks for everything by the way you
guys are awesome have a happy
and safe holiday to everyone hey mods
yeah you can turn off the the emote only
mode now that was great
I like Emoto me mode though it's funny
but yes you can turn off emote Oh me
mode now that is alright less and less
hopeful humanity every day jack yeah
every day welcome welcome welcome rich
everything's gonna be fine magnetron the
one Pokemon named the magnet for the
magnetron magnetron Rick some kind of
some kind of magnetron they named the
pokemons magnet from this is some kind
of bag okay and so here's here's the
thing chat please remember I know you're
trying to be funny and I know you're
trying to push the moderators boundaries
in order to be funny but let's give an
example if you type something like the
Jews run the media that is unacceptable
you I know you're trying to be funny
don't don't don't do it don't do it
I don't want you to do it I can pet my
pokemons what it's do something cute and
adorable that will save us
I can pet my pokemons nope give your
Pokemon tender loving care pet them
gently and make them very affectionate
towards you give your Pokemon pokey
beans Pokemon love to eat them Pokemon
can get dirty when they battle when that
happens make them clean with the
grooming tools okay
Hey look look great
you can put your Pokemon papi listen I
want a notebook about just three hours
ago I was playing X come is a quiet room
I was playing XCOM I'm losing a pet let
sped up oh let's pet Metapod I am easily
a museum yes that looks disgusting
because I want him to evolve so he turns
into a butter Frese look at the audio
minute Auto good Metapod who's a good
who do we meet apart was a good man
apart
you're a good man apart like a
caterpillar it eventually turns into a
butterfly yeah and this is a walking
cool with eyes this is a walking cocoon
well he does I mean I think he just kind
of sits there he's like a slug he's
chinese kind of a
that is unique because they need to be a
cocoon it's great that's great Craig
nation says hello jack and rich of
Thanksgiving here is a tip to thank you
guys for the many hours of entertainment
have a good Thanksgiving and may it be
full of juicy check me oh yeah thank you
happy say hey Happy Thanksgiving
everyone for for all of our American
viewers Happy Thanksgiving for all of
our international viewers you know happy
Thursday it's just gonna be a regular
Thursday for them
I don't do it do it like people in
England like because all of our banks
are closed you really need a special day
to have a fancy dinner with your loved
ones maybe that's our problem Jack yeah
if sometimes you do it's it's nice to
have an excuse right yeah maybe you can
do that maybe you can do that no okay
times a month you get caught up in the
hustle and bustle of life couple times a
month hey everybody get together we're
gonna have steaks or in Turkey nice shit
yeah
hey sometimes you get sometimes the life
gets the better of you no Jack not in
the UK you don't I mean cuz like it it's
an American holiday so you can't like do
business with Americans no way a
Canadian Thanksgiving like on a
different day Wow
I don't know if I'm fuckin Canada I know
it's up there it's fine I don't know
nothing I don't know nothing about it
that's what I'm saying ain't got no
loved ones or dinner tired sad I've
gotten your tip it's not necessarily an
offensive tip but for reasons of
volatility and the chat I'm not reading
it great
we're sitting on a fucking powder keg
fucking powder keg jack a powder keg you
didn't believe existed a couple weeks
ago a powder keg that I had to hold
everyone could be civil I hope it wasn't
a powder keg right that's what I'm
saying you didn't think it existed why
are we treating this like a powder keg
right we're all adults shit where did
this powder keg come from the mods were
telling you it's a powder keg I was
telling you to pot okay how could we how
did we stumble upon this powder keg game
gel you cases have you guys been
disappointed with steam cells recently
they just don't seem to be as good no
more flash or Community Choice sales
still better than console also have also
have Green Man gaming PC master-race why
root for the geo geez right you know I
don't know much about green man you know
you know what I've been checking out
lately H dot IO yeah do you know that is
no it's like a it's a very independent
friendly gaming store they just had a
sale for a hundred and fifty one games
for $20 not bad and all of it was a it
was a run equality where they at least
you somewhat now what expect me the best
game ever
I mean a bunch of really like they're
they're all incredibly indie games and
so I'm sure down well level oh I'm sure
even lower trip down necrodancer no
blower lower button at that point no but
well so it was a charity thing I need
constant you give 20 bucks and they
donated all the charity and you get a
hundred and fifty one goddamn games
right that's amazing
unless they're all terrible I mean like
okay then your money still goes to
charity 150 like warioware game
well no thanks I do I love buying stuff
in bulk it's just stuff in bulk it was
like a hundred and fifty copies of big
rigs off the road racing perfect perfect
well you know what then shit still goes
to charity and I'm okay with that
Humble Bundle was fine just have to time
their Steam games right each H dot IO s
Day is coming but it's not there yet and
you know it's not like I'm using itch
for a couple things a couple of
Kickstarter's that I back there are
distributing their alphas through itch
and so the honest truth when it comes
back to like the steam cells like I have
they been disappointing oh yeah that's
the real question I haven't paid too
much attention lately there hasn't been
anything like I don't wait and for that
to go on sale sure that hasn't come up
lately so I'm not sure maybe I'm you
know what maybe that's the problem is
you already have all the games you want
it so it's the worst it's the worst
problem I have you can you can just go
to itch i tch dot IO right now and it's
called like the games for good sale
because like I said all money goes to
charity I think I recently got good
price but that was on GOG oh hi GOG to
Isla I'm okay with GOG I like the itch I
like the steam humbles all right
everything else fights it's easier than
ever to get a game I know what like they
wasn't too recently it's like months and
months ago but like that I win the Jedi
Knight series one on sale on GOG you
know you know I had him on see it a
steam I a bottom for like a few bucks
each just on one jeered you just have a
copy right DRM free version oh okay sure
sure you're going to hate crisis yeah
you know I got up like a few bucks it's
worth a shot
we're trying it out it's a scam this
else talk I think I've heard that about
that's final what talk about it cuz I
don't know for sure great name I don't
want to besmirch them
I don't know yeah yeah I've heard that
yeah I am NOT I don't want to make
accusations that I can't back up with
jack shit that's that's why I'm that's
why I'm not saying I'm not saying that's
a besmirched then that is what I've
heard this is the thing that I have
heard it's just some of the keys were
bought with a stolen card yeah that's
terrible
yeah yeah then that's that's a scam even
Scott even if you're benefiting from the
scam it's still scam but it can't be a
scam I'm getting something
jeetu it right no I don't I know a
little enough that I'm not saying shit
fucking fuck well fuck you
thing save 85 says hey yeah oh I'm not
gonna read that mods can you put the
chip back and emote only mode thank you
what an asshole that was some clever
shit I can learn the moves baby doll
eyes the user stares at the target with
its baby doll eyes which lowers its
attack stat this move always goes first
yeah I'm crazy uses motion graphs of
Pokemon
this user does emotional damage listen
to this attack letting out a charming
cry the user does emotional damage to
the opposing Pokemon yeah your Pokemon
can hurt already enslaving animals and
forcing them to your little dog fight
and that's a saying like that in in the
dodge darker what I'm saying is in the
dog fight
you can now hurt the other dogs feelings
I hope they're having fun
sorry mods this is how is it gonna be
for a little bit I guess know what
preemptively
going to emote only mode right like
right now tired sad says speaking of Mel
Gibson oh Jesus or are you upset that he
was greeted when they come back with
cover stories and interviews on Colbert
I was not shocked I was waiting for it
yeah I think you call them I course I'd
called it
people love a comeback you know here's
the here's the question yo did he do
something unforgivable let's say I don't
think that was the quote I don't think
that's the right question okay I think
the right question is has he done enough
penance
what what what is what is the penance
for a thought crime and ultimately said
someway said was disgusting
right but what should the penalty be for
a thought crime you need to make steps
to show that you've grown okay so he he
said incredibly racist and awful yes you
did
no doubt so then he needed to go forward
and say hey you know I admit what I said
was out of line maybe I'll give some
money to some charities some Jewish
charities public apology I don't think
there has been okay and I there could be
had there could have been I do not know
it's a there's no penance it's out there
and everyone well did he do anything
hypothetically speaking did he do
anything to pet to penances well his
careers been dead for how long how many
years ago was that there's been a decade
how's that early 2000s no that was like
five years ago wasn't it I have no idea
that's a five-year sentence yeah I'm
playing devil's advocate here about sure
this is devil's advocate I think this is
an interesting question it's five years
penance like your life just is dead for
that long
isn't that an appropriate punishment for
just something you said while you were
drunk and and and driving while you were
drunk and driving that's arguably
arguably the worst crime because that
actually could have killed someone right
um
that is the worst crime because that
could have killed somebody no because
like five years penance for him isn't I
mean no that was nothing if he has not
issued a public apology I would say like
an apology sure sure if he has or not I
I don't think that just not working for
five years and sitting in his mansions
okay is is enough penance things the
longer than five years
penance for what for getting drunk and
saying dumb shit they're actors who
killed people hawa who get lye should
not from us we'll give everyone shit
like no I I think I think he public
apology at least and then he has
apologized multiple times okay well
there we go I just think it's an
interesting question what is an
appropriate punishment for what he did
well yeah then we need we need a couple
years down time okay we need apologies
which apparently he has done apologies
and then we need some sort of
reparations some sort of like here I'm
proving to you now like I will I will
give to charity or some bullshit right
give to charity or some bullshit
it's not a question of if he should be
forgiven he just shouldn't be a
celebrity he just shouldn't you know
like you want to take away his celebrity
card yep Matthew Broderick killed
somebody
drunk driving I think I brought that up
and when we're talking about listen like
a that's the worst we're tired about did
he yep
that's crazy well he hasn't worked in a
while either no I heard about this
really yeah
shit well there you go oh there you go
fuck him
I can't I can't I can't confirm that he
was drunk he might not have been drunk
driving it might have just been a
traffic accident but he was definitely
involved in an accident that killed
people well see that's a very big
difference it's a very big difference if
if you just killed someone and it was an
accident that's an accident if he was
drunk driving then he's a dickhead what
you do people want a car don't you dig
it yeah yeah absolutely did I catch you
my three years ago and stop being I only
said bad things yeah I said bad things
he was a dickhead Mel Gibson was a
dickhead from what the Rich's phrasing
of the question is that it seems like
he's looking for a definitive rule that
can be objectively applied when it
really needs to be doing and that's yeah
that's really true it's it's it sounds
like you were looking for like a black
and white objective like what you know
what's the crime and that's what will
fit that crime for everyone where it's
it's kind of different for every person
and every situation it'd be well it's
every in that for every person it's
different for every situation okay right
okay there we go
catch that fucking bird no but was
Broderick was was Broderick drunk is the
question that's a question I want to say
that he was because I don't really know
like was he drunk was he driving
recklessly was he speed it was he a
dickhead is the question or was it just
an accident and if he was shouldn't he
be shamed absolutely I don't think ever
really was like you didn't even know
about it
you can't do well you can't know about
every bad thing everybody's done Jack
said he would be a bird once what the
Jeepers Creepers director is a pedo and
still working the industry is that true
these people are dicks not drunk oh no
so he was overseas and driving on the
wrong side of the road on accident now
then then he's at fault oh it was an
accident but he's at fault he's at fault
not necessarily a dickhead
okay oh right accident not necessarily a
dick has a foreigner he's a lousy
foreigner he made a mistake that is that
is not the same as like driving
recklessly or drunk driving right is
that oh that's terrible that's terrible
oh come on I want to name you what are
we gonna name the wingull we're gonna
name it fuck movies great that's true
right right that's what I'm saying
that's why I'm calling Matthew Broderick
officially not a dickhead not dickhead
loud right not he was fined $175 for
careless driving
oh no and I'm sure that the weight of
those lives weigh heavily on him
go you can't you can't enter that word I
can't call him fuck movies F movies yeah
let's take the most brilliant physicist
and rocket scientist in the world did
the exact same thing that Mel Gibson did
they said those horrible things sure
people say those things all the time by
the way like people in the real world
say all the cell phones one week after
this because this brilliant genius says
this yeah we discover it asteroid is
headed straight towards the earth did we
just like how awkward is that oh yeah
and oh we know that only this person has
the knowledge to stop the edge I'm not
sorry at all you know what that is rich
that's like an episode of black mirror
in fact in fact this person says that
all the leaders of the world they have
to say that I was right and what I said
even the Israeli prime minister what
does the world do jack
okay if anyone out there knows the
producers of black mirror this is a
perfect fucking episode rich this is in
yep Adolf von puppy stomper who says
horrible shit all the time is the only
person that can save the earth from the
asteroid here's what we do all the world
leaders we play along absolutely right
and then like a month for it for like a
month and like everyone kind of goes
like this like oh yeah tear all those
people yeah terrible and you know we
just play along for month the asteroid
goes away we fucking get rid of home
just get rid of them like like you put
them on the rocket that goes to the
asteroid huh
what do you mean get rid of them he this
man held the world hostage
rich right like assassinate time get rid
of like what do you mean by get rid of
oh yeah yeah he he had the world the
hostage if that's what you're saying
like like no all the world leaders have
to agree with my racist bullshit
right Ludi croissant uh the original
flight of the Phoenix is exactly what
inspired that question but no is that is
fantastic black away movie oh okay okay
gotcha
twist ending second asteroid and you
know what
then credits there's another one coming
credits flight of the Phoenix I haven't
seen the remake but Dennis Quaid but the
original there goes Stewart and Ernest
Borgnine I think oh really but plane
crashes in the desert and this one
German guy is some kind of like gob he
knows about aeronautics and he has this
plan to save them okay like we can we
can take this crash plane and we can
rearrange these parts and actually build
another plane out of the crash plane
I think you've talked about this and
he's the only one that has the knowledge
on how to do this mmm and he's the
biggest jackass in the world
bleep heartless prick all right they're
absolutely dependent upon him to save
their lives
nice yeah I think you've talked about
this before it's a good movie
I think you've talked about this before
it does star Oh God dang Stewart great
I'm gonna emotionally heard this Wingull
you look ugly
oh my god it's super effective moody
cross son says hey guys enjoy your
content even if I don't always agree
great but that's what being an adult is
in honor of Thanksgiving what is your
favorite Thanksgiving Day movie I can't
think of a single things good the only
one that matters but planes trains and
automobiles so Thanksgiving and that
they're getting home for Christmas I
think they're getting home for
Thanksgiving is it Thanksgiving I
believe so
or it's or they're getting home for
Christmas but it takes place around
Thanksgiving or I've always considered
it a Thanksgiving movie okay I guess it
might not be a jab yeah some people in
chatter saying
Planes Trains little bit oh so okay
Thanksgiving yeah I believe it's things
okay hey it's what I'll take it I'm
right once boom boom oh God oh that's
Phil that's filled me with hope in my in
my heart you fill my heart when you say
I'm correct it's happened so
infrequently yeah that's the only one
that matters planes trains and
automobiles the blue blazes steam just
announced the steam Awards today I saw
that what saw that what PC game would
you nominate for the whoa dude award for
best in-game plot twist what about the
just five more minutes award for
addictiveness there were there weird
Awards and I don't know how to award it
says you have to like play the game in
order to award them Awards I don't quite
know how it works it it sounds dumb it's
a yeah it's and like if you award enough
people with stuff you get a present or
something I don't quite understand how
it works but yeah I don't know
I don't know how I feel about their
awards thing I don't know how I feel
about like them using their store
platform as a game platform game
platform there's a vault a game platform
no no they tried to make a game out of
the store oh you know done that for
years with the cards yeah yeah and I
don't think it always works I just don't
care about that kind of somebody I I
just ignore it interests me at all right
God you wanna collect the cock play the
game play the game can't like the car
yes you can play the game it's my cards
yeah ah you know I like I'm okay with
the cards in general
you only have steam friends by
collecting concerts hey just give me a
few it's gonna kind of horrible I kind
of have to basically pay for this
alright are you enjoying the game Jack
it's a little early to tell isn't some
of it seems pretty fun I want more new
pokemons I don't I don't like that I'm
running into winged goals and caterpie's
already like caterpie's Caterpie is an
original Pokemon like that's in the
first fucking game so they should have
more respect no I'm saying like give me
some new shit like quit reusing the same
goddamn Pokemon and I know that's a
general thing they usually have some
from like previous things new stuff I'm
a new shit you do not need to play a
game to nominate it I don't know how it
works
have there been many that haven't had
Pikachu just due to the popularity of
that fucking cartoon I can only imagine
that every single goddamn one oh happy
it's something yeah I can only assume
but I'm not an expert me too oh that's
right I need to peach you that's foul
man I said I was gonna go look for a
Pichu and you know what I forgot
and I'm sorry I forgot about the Pichu
wait wait no no leftover beefcake says
this one this $5 is for the general
prereq fund since once this
controversial video hits YouTube y'all
ain't getting any money from that I mean
what the fuck puts pineapple on pizza
right fucking right and who would put
pineapple on a pizza the jack
shadow Elite 5 says oh is a Pokemon born
Jack just like anything is born either
by an egg or through live birth when
it's Pokemon parents have sex
how are the pokemons related what am I
like like like if you're gonna
categorize the genus and species and all
that the same as we do and oh there's
your Santa they all on one branch no
they're just animals so what's the
difference between like a cat and a
mutant I don't think there are cats so
just all animals in the Pokemon world
our Pokemon that's very possible
why don't they just call it animals
because then you wouldn't buy the game
good that's the only answer I got
my health is the fucking cat right I
don't I don't I don't believe there are
just there are animals in this universe
everything is if you come on so they
don't have like cows they don't have
dogs they don't know they have bugs cuz
they're bug pokemon right I don't I
don't there have like beetles they don't
have bugs there all the plates all
Pokemon and I know what you might be
asking how does their world function
like like without without the little
bugs to take away their dead skin cells
how does their world function it's
because it's not a real world it's a
it's a made-up it's in it's in a game so
hypothetically if I could a normal dog
did exist in the Pokemon universe you
could shove it in a pokeball and then
you can you can throw it down and the
dog would would be forced to fight for
you and it would do it probably not I
would assume I would assume if there was
a dog uh-huh like a dog as we know a dog
yes in the Pokemon world it would be
different than a Pokemon dog because
there are Pokemon dogs like the Poochie
Anna like that's just a fucking dog okay
okay
but uh I believe it would be different
they speak of Pokemon differently yeah
they have Mill tanks they have like cow
Pokemon
the hat they have enough Pokemon like
that that's something that you need to
like be comfortable with though as a
pokemon trainer is they use Pokemon as a
neat source like we're gonna cut up
eloise Cole if we get hungry
those Pikachu's that's what we make
hamburgers out of we have to be
comfortable with that we have to be
comfortable with them sorry Jen says woo
made it after the bazillion hours of
traffic Silverlake ramen was good though
silver like ramen that's place to go so
glad you got moon Jack I got Sun Oh some
of these new Pokemon are amazing and
rich I really like a shirt well you can
think whatever fine fans for this shirt
that is a great room this was evil
venture was in the mail not too long ago
it's a nice shirt I don't like it it's a
great term great shirt glue is rapidash
hooves absolutely what glue rapidash
isn't like a horse Pokemon it's a horse
that's on fire and that's where we get
glue from we have to shot we have to
chop off the hooves of rapid ashes
someone with more talent than me please
make a Pokemon cookbook with just
Pokemon meat absolutely animals could
you shove a human in a pokeball and do
they ever do it I'm trying to think to
the cartoons I figured pokey mom are
some kind of all related some kind of
monster
Gina's some gene some genus species
thing and they all had some got a
special property related amongst them
but let you serve them in this balls I
believe they do but I also believe that
they're the only animals and bugs and
ghosts what the front that humans
evolved from in the in this world I
don't fucking know
it's a it's a game where you catch
monsters and fight the man I don't think
they're going for a hard science fiction
here you know what I'm saying they don't
got their world all mapped out imagine
the chat saying there's a fan theory
that Pokemon is an alien plot take over
where they become dependent aliens take
over
I love it where they become dependent on
the invasive species there was a Pokemon
from space in the original time-travel
Pokemon and in the cartoon we only see a
fish which is depicted in prehistoric
times oh sure I guess that makes sense
I'm so hopelessly lost I know they say
some of the pokemons are from space that
is the next
but twist is humans are the pokemons
well that's the question but you know
like there are humanoid Pokemon like
like fucking you know ma-mutt my champ
is just a human mr. mime is a human
there are human shaped pokemons shadow
elite 5 says yep this is another
question I have been meaning to ask what
kind of meat do these pokey trainers eat
don't give my mate apparently yeah it's
all I got
the pokemons they have to they're there
don't have a whole bunch of Raddatz
Hannett addison to the grinder and they
make burgers absolutely I mean there's
Tauruses that's like a bull they make
them beat each other up first shelf
tenderize nice that's the only if that's
the only logical explanation is we eat
polka meat Thorin senses do you think
it's a negative to film that there is no
longer a grindhouse slash be movie
industry as there was in the 70s and 80s
B movies Tuesday today are just
self-aware crap from the asylum or
Robert Rodriguez like something like
escape from New York oh sorry I was a
low-budget film that was a triple a
blockbuster film for a major studio was
it like where where are the escape from
New York's YouTube that the the the
weird Ashlock II low-budget shit has
turned into video shorts a mica right
like anyone who would be making weird
low-budget movies is now making weird
low-budget shorts
is my is my only guess some talented
guys were trained by frickin Roger
Corman yeah absolutely fucking Ron
Howard was trained by Robert Rogers Ron
Howard James Cameron he was a corpsman
real drops for Corbin that's great
that's great
yeah you know what you get stuff like
that like well like John wick John wick
who is basically a like a low-budget a
low-budget b-movie there you go the blue
blazes let me ask my previous question
again without plugging anything I didn't
know that this is something you actually
wanted us to answer last time what game
that you've played do you think had the
best plot twist and what game do you
find the most addictive and hard to put
down
oh about about the the steam award thing
sure well I didn't do them when you got
the bigger gun that was the plot twist
nothing I can think you know you know
what I'll soften it up my head I got
something what you got inside very fun I
did not see the twist from inside coming
so there you go that's that's my plot
twist is is inside that was that was a
memorable turn the entire ending of No
More Heroes is like a plot twist joke
yeah like in the last cutscene they
throw on like five different plot twists
that's great
frog fractions also a good nomination
yep
would you kindly Bioshock yeah that was
alright that would annoy me oh I've been
I've been controlled by someone else the
whole time that's fine I was fine in bio
how interesting as far as I can't put
down like the five more minutes award
that that one interests me um like for
me right now I would give it to
overwatch especially cuz they have their
little level up thing and so like a lot
of times like I'm just ready to put it
down but then I'm one more get like oh
if I can just play one more game even if
I lose the next game I'll have enough
points to level up and get another loot
crate yeah sure
I'll play one more game I don't I don't
know that it's such a twist because you
could see it becoming a mile away that
there was gonna be a double cross but in
thief when you get your eye ripped out
on camera that's pretty damn shocking No
yeah but about Bioshock twists it's
something I find annoying but yeah that
is clever it's clever clever they did
something neat with it
see em six through seven I am really
into overwatch I'm really having a good
time with it if you like online only
multiplayer team-based first-person
shooters overwatch should be your jam
really enjoying some Sombra playtime
very interesting character I'm not sure
I'm not sure if she'll be my go-to but
uh but she's a lot of fun to play as you
know right now just because I'm still
learning her she's basically only good
if I have a good team and I can kind of
fart around she's really good at
annoying she's a really good she's a
really good goblin you know you can kind
of see she has an invisibility thing and
she also has a teleporter and so you can
get behind enemy lines fire couple
rounds how to make the enemy turn around
and face you and then teleport away and
just completely break their lineup like
you can't do a ton of damage and you
can't get a ton of kills but you can
fuck with the other teams so hard and so
if you have a solid team on your side
you can break up there there pushes so
easily with with Sombra so action $0.69
these games need shorter tutorials also
happy soon to be Thanksgiving gobble
gobble gobble thank you anonymous I'm
sorry things didn't go your way get over
it it's not my damn fault
well fearful slugs boy is speaking of
Bioshock so you know the twist
spoiler alert even though we've already
gone through the twist for Bioshock is
someone is actually controlling you and
and you're listening to a voice over the
radio and the voice keeps on saying
stuff like like would you kindly go to
the next room and defeat this enemy
would you kindly go get this and as it
turns out he's hypnotizing him and every
time he says would you kindly
you you do whatever he asks even though
as the player you want to do that anyway
to move on in the game here's the thing
about Bioshock that bothers me and I've
said this before on stream according to
fearful sludge boy when you first get to
the underwater city you stick you find a
glowing syringe on the ground and your
character without any choice from you
takes the dirty glowing syringe and
sticks it into your arm and injects the
fluid into you with no input from the
player at all just so you can get
magical powers and I fucking hated that
when I first played it this was a game
that was supposed to be all about your
choice right and the first big choice is
do I want to stick a dirty needle in my
arm the player makes for you
no one says would you kindly stick the
needle in your arm okay ivory watched
that scene from playthroughs and that's
not a party maybe the character is a
drug addict then rusty was jonesing and
it was getting desperate yes
so never you are never told to put that
needle in your arm which is why Pavo
bothers me I want if I would have loved
the choice of whether or not to have
magic powers in BioShock a game all
about choices is it possible he was
familiar with those syringes in that
universe no no the magic was exclusive
to the city under the scene yes it was
developed though the city under the sea
that he did not know existed right Jack
I do all the pills Packard would never
use a random sewage absolutely only only
pills only pills
he might have known from background
context in word no no the he didn't he
didn't know the city existed so no he
would not know he was made in rapture
yeah but he left and he left as young in
his memory and whatnot blah blah talking
about BioShock Infinite yeah I've talked
about that before a little bit Bioshock
Infinite's got some great fun concepts I
like the way it plays around with
alternate dimensions but much like
another game I talk about all the time
at the end it tries to be art oh right
BioShock Infinite look at all we are if
we can prove games are odds look at how
what do we are here's the odds right
that's your a game I thought you were
game yes at the end Bioshock Tim from
Bioshock Infinite's like masturbates for
like the last half an hour to 20 minutes
just the game just started jerking off
all over your face saying look at the
arts oh god oh my god I am so arced
I am so art and and yes I forgot your
name of who said that that's why I
really enjoyed that choice in Dishonored
2 they give you the choice whether you
want to use magic or not and and I did
use magic but I fucking loved having the
choice it's all that really matters
Oh oh yeah it's really up Oh evil Lord
David says hey guys David here again
it's a fact that people eat pokemons
slope hope there's a bit of Swisher
don't poke tails are a commonplace thing
in the games and ash a Magikarp in the
show
I won't eat aids though thanks rich
names Pokemon a it's because they asked
for one's name oh ok as it aids I get it
no wait you're missing an eye got down
what I said four eyes you've got three
in there I can't I can't work with this
what kind of quality control wine siren
said says the third act and quake counts
for a pretty good twist where the hero
is mutilated and transformed into a semi
brainwashed robot killer although he
remains the hero of the game be fair I
don't think he's semi brainwashed I
think they save him from being
brainwashed at all but you they do turn
you into one of the robot monsters that
you fight Oh fun
can I go this right now no but but
you're rescued before they can activate
your brain ship
Oh brain chip
yes I know how fuckin Pokemon Center
works you say twist I think it's mostly
just a cool moment when you're on the
conveyor belt getting caught up that Wow
I kind of amazed at how many like after
the fact yours after the fact now how
many comments I say infinite I was the
worst of the the minute kind of sucked
yeah
at the time everyone was sucking that
game's cock oh yeah yeah I don't you
know what I don't remember much about it
like I never played it so it's like but
I like a lot of what they doing it
mm-hmm it made me hate though searching
through drawers as a mechanic it got
really tedious just opening up all the
things now you get a little bit more
cash more cash like I open this open
that I have really tired of that shit
can I be here talking face Tomic
mousetrap the chances I loved infinite
until the ending I'm just curious
because I know I'm usually alone on this
hating art thing seems that don't need
to be aren't suddenly deciding their
their art yeah and there's like wild
total change let's so in Bioshock
there's always been like a little bit of
an arty vibe going through those for the
first process and massive and it was
fucking like neck breaking why why did
you hate it the ending but what about it
you hate I'm just curious if it lines up
with my opinion of what infinity when it
just becomes totally full of itself how
clever it is look at how clever we are
we're gonna walk and slowly talk about
how clever we are damn it god damn
welcome to trainer school I don't care
about fucking trainer school I got a
free with my graphics card and shotgun
did the last 30 minutes felt like they
were taking these subtle themes and just
beating you in the face with them yes
that's exactly what they did
I'm interested in that new David cage
game that the robot detective one yeah I
know he made that he apparently made
some gigantic masturbation pieces but
the robot detective one looks mean
it's gonna end up being really linear
I'm sure and bad because of that I'm
sure if if all I've heard about him is
correct but I'm so excited about it
gosh damn it still talking to some other
fuckers can I just go catch the Pokemon
I'm gonna leave this school and go catch
pokemon by I'm gonna go off on my
amazing adventure I'm running away from
school to go on my Pokemon of oh there's
a Pokemon stopping me game child you
cases good favorite pie - pumpkin can't
wait to have some tomorrow what are your
favorite types of food mine are Chinese
Japanese Korean Thai Italian and tex-mex
rich you put ketchup on hot dogs
question mark go white socks
I like tex-mex I don't put ketchup on
hot dogs I think we here's the story
with me and we put like ketchup on the
hotdogs at Space Camp
because I don't I can't fucking stand
mustard mustard will make me vomit and
in space comp we didn't want me to be
eating just a plain looking bear hotdog
so we just put some ketchup on it I just
put cheese hotdogs cheese or onions
cheese cheese a hot dog these dogs
cheese dogs are great really yeah beef
beef hot dogs and cheese hey that's my
hot dog
but the ketchup on the condiments and
the ketchup on the hot dogs in space
cough is because I hate mustard and it
just wouldn't look good it's a plain hot
dog that we just yeah that would look
weird yeah I would look weird
Kevin come on some pie that big pie
person me neither me neither you know if
if there's like if there's a I I know
cheesecake is more pie than cake like I
like cheesecake uh and you know like a
decent like apple crumble pie like a
cinnamony apple pie I could I could be
down with them I'm gonna be down with
like a nice apple pie if I gotta choose
a pie it'll be Apple or technically
cheesecake I believe cheesecake is
technically a pie rich do you inhibit
our actions 69 of the chat saying
Richard you inherently hate artsy games
or do you hate games that make net
neck-breaking tone changes like Mass
Effect 3 the order and Gears of War to
an extent yeah I hate games that are
just desperate to prove that games can
be art so it's shoehorned in there like
I would take something like the Stanley
parable I would say that is that is
genuinely a game that's that's got some
artsy shit going on that I enjoy
absolutely absolutely with you
III like BioShock Infinite until it gets
heavy-handed because this really tries
really hard to be art but stops trying
to be gay yes I'd call thief a work of
art I smash what
Geena Davis grew to level three I've
heard I've heard good things about spec
ops the line I've not I've not played
spec ops alone I have it have not played
it gobble Gert says rich someone asked
about Christmas music Christmas music
yes when you are a kid did you also
listen to the pac-man Christmas album
like I did well out here is a youtube
link I have never heard of a pac-man
Christmas album what I remember there
was a pac-man cartoon Christmas special
was there yes that sounds awesome
should we do it should we do stop stop
should we do audio of this and we talked
over it it should be alright here's the
pac-man Christmas album bake bake bake
bake the kids relate to anything
I guess baby pac-man they made a game
like that
as their music in this theirs is just a
baby laughing she's a baby laughing an
album on a Pichu yeah we're done we're
done we're done
there's not even music Wow weird
that's great that's great how do you
feel about Christmas music in general
that's fine it's bad when it goes on for
three months yeah okay Christmas yeah
like you know once December starts I'm
okay with Christmas music well
straitjackets did a very fun Christmas
album yeah yeah that's the straitjackets
that's currently instrumental what was
that sir no that's sir I guess it's kind
of surf rock yeah well yeah I am but the
man to put their foot down surfer
surfing sir sir sir sir what am I gonna
name my feet you yeah think of that now
put down the wrong that made my feet you
cuz I'm definitely gonna catch it boom
got it it's trash I'm gonna name it it's
trash I can just press Y to throw a ball
I can that would make throwing balls way
more efficient used to love it owned a
retail store was heavy holiday sales
headed on 14 hours a day seven days a
week now it's tough Christmas music
that's nothing that's nothing with
nothing I used to work at the grocery
store yeah I was working in the meat
department most frequently behind the
counter or they seldom eat mmm
and fish Fridays for like an entire
summer on a loop my entire workday which
you know time was something like six
days a week under the sea
ah God over and over and over and over
again unrep only on that one song only
under the sea ruin that fucking song for
me I'm so sorry
that's terrible
we're party songs over and like part of
your brain thinks I'm sober and then it
just starts up right again you must hate
a Little Mermaid I still like a Little
Mermaid I don't think I can handle that
song though just skip that it's not in
the Little Mermaid's a good movie
Finding Nemo under the season oh you
know what not a Little Mermaid Wow
no you know what I was thinking uh you
know what I heard my guest wasn't in
Beauty and the Beast
first it's be our guest second new a new
world wasn't that the Great Mouse
Detective hi here's Jack his last is
mine
I was thinking of beyond the sea beyond
the sea and I like that's what I heard
that they were playing over and over Wow
sorry everyone sorry that's a brain fart
extraordinaire Wow somewhere busy Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard says my lover
stands on broken Sam no that's not the
right words yeah it's all good the
creepy clown craze is actually a
complete fabrication only one non van
wagon creepy clown was ever seen this
year and he was a viral marketing stunt
it's like Satanist in the 80s all made
up I know it's so fun new story it's a
it's a great urban legend creepy clowns
mysteriously appearing it's some fun
shit yeah enjoy it it's fun I like
anybody's really legit worried about
creepy clones
No and if they are they're idiots
got this little map now I like that I
like this little map tells me where I'm
gone who a Pokeball I'll take Jasmine
the treasure
what's an antidote your short hours in
hell is playing X K now if I now if I
what Pokemon gets poisoned I can give
him an antidote he will stop being
poisoned this is my life he still be
great it so be great because I can give
cure a mother poison now I gotta go find
hey guys
kill me everyone guess what please kill
me we did it cuz I got I got me a Pichu
I named him stank chops cuz that's what
a chat says I should name him we'll put
stank chops in the front stink chops
I love stank jobs my brain is melted a
little bit I don't know how much longer
we're gonna make it'll make it today I'm
done this okay I'll just heal up stink
chops and then we'll thank our
subscribers and say all the names of the
people who subscribe to us because
that's what we're thankful for
oh did you buy X come too I would say
yes though did you play and like the
others there's a question you should ask
that is a real question you could
probably get X come with the one the
enemy unknown for pretty cheap there and
then figure out whether you like this
style of combat and then if you like it
you should go to X come to you know why
you can use a sword and I know rich like
swords save the game
you can get subscribers because that
would be gray I would like to save my
adventures so far I'm not gonna turn off
the power I think that's like I'm also
suffering right over the button that
wouldn't just end it end it if we just I
could just end it all right now
end it all right now I can end it oh boy
dare if it be so easy you could it's
like you can see my brain would just
send like an electrical impulse down to
my finger on the mouse and it would with
you could have dear freedom but you
could have dear hey is it is it little
endian oh oh we should probably you know
care subscribe I know we should that
would be so fun just ended now have a
beat that would be great right there
jack I'm right there don't save in a
Pokemon Center there's a risk of a
glitch fuck hold on I gotta get out of
here
okay I'll save my adventure Steve baby
okay I got out you guys I got out and
we're saved hey let me get out the game
I'm gonna get to like a title menu when
I get to a title menu title menu oh I
can pet my Pokemon again that'll be good
but that's what pet him while we think
