Apr 18, 2016
Dark Souls III
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/71842480
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/71843348
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSZm-d56U00
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFoKyb09nsM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/722123164365430784

[Part I]
why would you hit the stream the stream
is a hit you can't even hit the stream
it's like a thorough thing I know I mean
what I mean the interweb what I mean is
is very popular it's a hit if you want
to hit the stream you would probably
have to hit like thousands of computers
worldwide weird even come close to
hitting them all hitting the stream
hitting them all rich hitting them all
hey everybody welcome game to the Dark
Souls 3 game
so what version of the game are we
playing oh we're playing the PlayStation
4 version of the game what what version
of the game are we playing now that I
know enough to have the mic in front of
my face like a professional would would
have done and made sure of when the
stream first started Rich's audio was
low relative to Jack my mic was a mile
away from my face we are playing the
PlayStation 4 version of Dark Souls 3
rich why would we be playing the
PlayStation 4 version of Dark Souls 3
when you have a really good computer oh
because it crashes every 10 2 seconds
I've read about it this is you know
you're the bonfire is the cause and put
on a mask do this or that turn into the
light settings off did all that shit
no it crashes like less than a minute
yep after starting the game so we just
got the console version yep we we have
played this game for exactly 4 hours
because we just shot a first four hours
up with it but I want to keep playing it
so we're gonna keep playing it and so
and so we're not starting a new game cuz
we would stream it for four hours and
then just play the exact same thing over
and over again and that wouldn't be fun
for rich and I so heads up everybody
we need some strength yeah yeah they
watch me kick that boss's ass again rich
just kick the boss's ass which is very
true and it took me it took me more
tries than it should've five ah you know
I think five is a reasonable number
don't you think once I got screwed yes
once rich accidentally waved to the boss
I don't even know how you waved to the
boss how do you wave I don't know I hate
the stupid gestures and when they when
they when they interrupt the middle of
gameplay and I'm in the middle of a
life-or-death fight with the boss and
he's low on health and I start I just
put my sword down or I start doing
honestly I don't even when it's a dumb
feature I don't know how you do how you
would even do it it's very surprising to
me so we actually started filming the
first four hours of last week we were on
top of it we just came out oh we're
gonna film it right away and have it out
over the weekend oh but at the crashes
once you're crashing the whole computer
there's problems yes rich is so loud
nothing's ever right nothing's ever
right look like a bit further away from
I face there you go it's all I can do
Souls yeah the title was my idea and I
think it was a pretty good title
which one do we have this one right now
sure the whole computer crashed once
most of the time it was just the game
and I had trouble alt tabbing out we had
to we had to control all bleed just to
get to the you know them you know yeah a
computer it was some nasty crashing yeah
it really was a the whole screen would
go black it was it was terrible am I
still allowed compared to Jack
am i is that sudden that should be said
correctly yes are we sure you and I are
set to the exact same volume
alright I do talk a little bit quieter
than you normally but I I'm watching the
the sound bar right now now rich you
talk talk talk talk what well dark soul
then it crashed my computer right move
it a little bit further away and we
should be for it perfect all right there
we go it's something to do it seemed
like it was all right okay
two months until I get out of my fucking
high school forever Len it's it's a good
time once you get out of high school
then then the real life can begin
congratulations
I can't see anything with that stupid
Pete pop on screen in front of my face
get rid of it alright where are we at in
the game what kind of weapons do you
have
what's going on you tried out that fancy
new shield I'm getting the fancy new
shield so I got this guy pretty nice
just afford rich and I wanted to keep it
fairly simple for the first four hours
of so we're a night if it were up to me
I'd probably play as the mage because he
gets a mace and I'd probably play it
myself as a knight anyway yeah that's me
well put end you know this is standard
this is Mario
like I'm probably gonna play it by
myself and I'm gonna play as a mage but
we're playing as a knight and is pretty
awesome oh wait don't I think next your
thing rich what do these do
so right now we're not doing anything
terribly exciting right I'm not hearing
the donations oh that's right you might
not be hearing the donations because
there's no speakers on that oh okay okay
arnold rimmer says sorry you're on mute
for now let just found a strange from
the other night to listen to a strange
estranged EST RA and GED okay okay the
OMG has reset to fucking loud did we did
we go in the mixer yeah is the console
doing something to fuck with that no
shit
sorry everybody somehow just move the
whole box up and then you can see word
that's just a little just tiny hair up
yeah that's good that's good okay sorry
about that everybody I don't know why it
it resets itself whenever you like hit
start streaming so we need to do that
after we hit start streaming or a man
says rich did you ever play pillars of
eternity pillars of eternity if so
thoughts I have not so I have the
thoughts sorry
and Jack yep have you played any Rainbow
six siege at all nope I'm really playing
the original thinking you know it's a
neat idea with the planning things out
ahead of time I wasn't in love with it
goodnight it was a game yeah look I I
kind of like my you know I'm not super
well versed in shooters I like shooters
and I like online multiplayer shooters
mostly because I like Team Fortress 2
but like the Rainbow six is the Call of
Duty's didn't seem to have much
personality so like nothing really drew
me in whereas Team Fortress 2 is this
bright colorful universe that you get to
play in so that's kind of what that's
one of the main reasons that I'm looking
forward to overwatch is because again it
seems like a bright
the universe that I get to live in rich
why don't you play the prequels first
the prequels to what the Dark Souls
today I'm not sure salts a pillar I'm
talking about
Rainbow six when I played was the first
ever one they released ever one of us I
think was just called Rainbow six I'm
sure rich stop using your souls no I'm
I'm leveling up Jack is playing I'm
little I'm not doing anything
I'm leveling up so I need my souls to
level up settle down I know what the
souls do I've played I've played up from
software game before rich and I only
think about this game in relation to
blood-borne though okay and think I know
what they're talking about with prequels
now I don't think you can call Dark
Souls 1 & 2 prequels I think a prequel
has to be a game that chronologically
was made later but takes place earlier a
Laura Croft the Laura Croft game yeah is
a Tomb Raider prequel mm-hmm because it
takes place that's might not even be I
might not even consider that a prequel
because that's a fresh continuity that's
a reboot that's just that's just the new
first Twitter is it of reboot I think it
is I think it takes place before she
becomes the Tomb Raider sure sure but
none of the previous adventures happened
so is chronologically the first game and
it takes place the first because it's
technically no other games said after it
no but it comes out it was produced
later but it takes place before the
other games that's but the other games
don't have don't happen anymore it's a
reboot I think this is just a reboot
Jack I think those games still do have
the same universe all right whatever you
do don't use the boss souls for leveling
up now the tip noise is completely gone
fine I'll work on it
Neal Breen says rich I'm such an asshole
last stream good to know last stream i
donated money for beer forgetting about
your allergy to alcohol here's some
money for a jones soda Oh what's your
favorite flavor I love green apple why I
haven't had many of them so far I've had
melon bubblegum and birthday cake and
believe it or not much to my surprise
I'm loving that birthday cake yeah you
really loved that birthday cake I was
really surprised you gave Josh a
birthday cake yesterday I had me nice
you are not a jerk that was incredibly
generous you know what I don't even
think he liked it that much no but still
yeah you gave it to him even okay I turn
the tip noises up you should hear them
now Burke took Cabbage Patch says hey
guys the original Dark Souls 2 stream
was the first i watch live when jay said
i'll try spinning that's a good trick I
laughed so hard I woke up my roommates
thanks again for the fun that was pretty
great oh man says our six siege is a
multiplayer shooter like overwatch or
tf2 yeah but much more tactical and
realistic yes
POA is an old-school style isometric RPG
it's really good yeah well yeah and I
like I said I know it's more realistic
and that's kind of what turns me off
from it is I want I want something a
little fun err and I don't want anything
to do with multiplayer shooters I've
never had fun playing a multiplayer
shooter I bet while you brief moments of
fun punctuated by holes
brief moments of fun well straight up 15
says hey guys recently got some friends
and I and friends and I to have a bad
movie night we watched Death Wish 3 and
loved it next time we are looking for a
Mad Max ripoff any recommendations for a
ripoff
I can't think of any Mad Max ripoffs
that I love what was the most the guy
gets his dog stolen or something madam
it was definitely Mad Max ripoff but
it's not a bad movie dogs stole our
hands up with a dog or Mad Max had a dog
in road warrior no no it was it was a
ripoff and it was like a desert post
apocalypse and then like an underground
city that was like super futuristic II
no idea is this ringing any bells for
anyone I want to say there was a dog
there was definitely a girl I mean
there's always a girl has to me chery
chery 3000 I don't know how great it is
hmm but that's it
canary commander a boy and his dog is
what the movie is called and it's a met
sorry it's our date yeah I just thought
it's a Mad Max raw it's kind of a good
movie it's a little cheesy but
definitely definitely Mad Max II area
aren't sure how quality cherry 3000 is
in hindsight but that's kind of a Mad
Max ripoff yeah because they have to go
under the wasteland to find a man a
replacement for his his sex robot wife I
broke down there's another one I thought
of I'm not sure if it counts as a bad
movie or a movie that was made
deliberately to mimic B movies okay but
there's an Ivan Reitman the director of
fucking Ghostbusters film called space
hunter adventures in the Forbidden Zone
Ernie Hudson even co-stars in it notice
a lot of earning all acids and co-stars
in it directed by Ivan Reitman and
Harold Ramos has a uncredited voice
cameo over the phone early in the movie
space hunter adventures in the Forbidden
Zone nice
because even though technically he's
space hunter he spends the entire movie
on a desert planet with crazy people von
braun elites is yours except for some
soda pop and then anonymous says hello
Ricardo have you tried as Jarritos
Mexican soda and if so which flavor is
the most delicious oh I've heard of I've
heard of jury toes I don't think I've
ever actually had any though yeah it's
not bad it's not like it's no Jones soda
but it's not bad there they have some
really good flavors too like mango and
fruity fruity stuff but by Hana
somebody's saying you have to beat a
boss who will remain unnamed
but is big and slightly later on that
you can turn the boss Souls into unique
equipment with nifty magical effects
well later how is there like a different
label from boss Souls like what if I
just want to upgrade my stats can I just
not do it because there's boss souls
mixed in how they like you know how is
the blood rock and Blood Stone yeah kind
of things they look different I'm a
crossbow oh so there's something you
pick up there not just souls you get
after defeating the boss yes so it's
something you pick up oh well it's
something that was in your inventory all
gone now but it was because I used them
but it was something in here all right
I'm probably gonna start over my own
play anyway why are you fighting
backwards from the boss room Oh cuz we
we ran ahead we skipped actually a lot
of stuff just to make sure we got to the
first boss for the first four hours of
so like there's a lot of bobbles that I
missed in the sense we're exploring
basically because we're exploring yeah
yeah when do I not have any bolts
Oh classic from software they give you a
crossbow no bolts I got a sweet ass
crossbow cannibals I'm sorry that's all
right
Darth Steven s says have either of you
ever read the comic series planetary
been thinking of sending you the whole
run don't worry it's only about 30
issues and it's amazing I have never
read it
doctor this thing fisted by dopes smokes
is don't listen to anyone who says
you've got to play the Dark Souls games
in order those scrubs probably haven't
even played Kingsfield yeah it scrubs I
I gotta say I don't I don't give any
fucks for the story in these games any
any games story where I have to have a
PhD in English literature and and and
like study the in-game text for like a
month I don't I don't I don't I can't be
bothered for that shit I just can't be
bothered the riddle of Steel's is Jack
what did you show rich the American
Gothic farmer and his wife picture PS
I've got a twitch account because of you
guys fuck all the other professional
steamers am i right right I'm sure there
are other professional streamers who are
fucking yes many of them I don't know
have you seen the picture of us as well
then I mean I haven't I think it told me
about it though I'm sure like so many of
those pictures I'll show you later
actually I never forgot about it yeah it
sounds it's on the subreddit if you ever
head over to the subreddit someone made
it funny you know the American Gothic
picture with like the farmer and his
wife and they put my head on the farmer
and gave oh hello are you go oh you are
yes crispy Friedman I had I had a nice
day I'm feeling fine shit what why did
you not attack I thought I thought I
might be able to talk to him I know I
could lock on a bar over his head I know
I could lock on to him but I thought I
might be able to talk to him still
what's kind of native turning around st.
Louis rights though is that the first
step it's my first step yeah that's not
bad well I was just fucking around a lot
it's actually the farmer's daughter
everyone thinks it's his wife
I'm talking about like the farmers joke
the jokes that usually involved the
farmer's daughter
Natomas says Jungle Book this weekend
great why the hell is James Cameron
making for fuckin Avatar movies I asked
because I just saw an update and didn't
realize it was making for fuckin avatar
movies he's up James Cameron is a
delusional ego with lengths I don't
think he realizes that people didn't
love avatar for much more than the
gimmick it was at the time yeah he's
he's too full of himself to realize that
he's not making sequels to a movie
everybody wants to doesn't want to
submit a sequel suit he doesn't realize
this right any anything he hears might
say otherwise he's gonna dismiss as a
handful of haters fuck them haters Major
Tom so right actually I missed a couple
gobbledygook says rich there's a new
craft Pepsi soda called 1893 and it
tastes like old Cola would you try it
enjoyed Dark Souls 3 sometime on the ps4
you should try and DC Universe Online
it's free you fucks no as long as it's
not legitimately old soda from 1893 I
think I'm ok with that
no you don't get with this one you don't
get the shield bash it's strictly a
two-handed thing no you can't use it
one-handed but you don't get the bash
you don't get the you don't get the area
whatever you calm down and get your
souls back I'm working on it I'm working
on it I don't think I really should be
concerned about that made you time
services here's two dollars towards the
therapy you'll need after dealing with
Dark Souls fans you're doing everything
wrong stop having fun
you know you could come over salty
cotton candy says Jack how could I get
your autograph don't worry rich I
already have yours on my spake space
cops cover how can they get your
autograph jack how do you know what they
want your autograph how do they get your
autograph I'll tell you what here's what
you can do yeah I understanding this
won't bother you okay take the space cop
cover out out of your case don't send
the whole case and just send us the
space cop cover you know oh yeah yeah
that's that someone has done that before
don't send it in an envelope they can
get smashed under done a you know
something sturdier and then leave us a
note with it that says please have JAXA
sign this and then return postage let's
take a letter in there with a return
envelope and then we'll have Jack sign
it and get that back to you this is this
is disco Kings first time watching the
show up bang hi oh well we're still
excellent I find surprising no that's
right my autograph as a joke the very
first time someone asked for my
autograph through red letter media I
thought it was a joke like it was it was
like they wanted my autograph on a space
cat poster or something
mm-hmm I forget and so just as a joke I
wrote I'm Jack I was like a it's funny
I'm Jack and like I figured no one would
ever ask for my autograph ever again but
so now my autograph is I'm Jack heads up
that's what you're gonna get oh that's
all it says is I'm Jack I need to get
good rich I I know Joe blank saying
she'd do ten push-ups for every death
probably not gonna happen know what I'll
do them for you I don't fight rich he's
gonna do go down whoa nice form Wow yeah
aspect there you go
Wow rich rich is on it just figure out
the movement of this weapon here dead
and now I'm over 70% oh oh is that
what's happening too far eeeh
I'm too heavy fat Rolly fat ray rolling
slow that must be what's happened that
might be what's happening I've been
wondering those you know because my
rolls did seem off I'm not used to that
with them with blood-borne there's no
weight there's no weight limit right red
okay hold on I can lay in the wrong game
playing the wrong game okay so I'm at so
I'm at equip load is 56 and I'm at 41 so
I need to unequip some stuff here well I
think you're under it now 41 at 56
she said they said if I'm at over 70% oh
oh oh oh here's the accorded unequip the
weapons you aren't using okay yeah now
which one don't you know like the you
this is all up to you jack all fucking
up to you all right here we go I mean
you know what I'm saying I'm going with
a sword we've been using the sword I'm
used to the sword say if you're gonna if
you're gonna use the halberd yeah put on
some lighter gloves your bottom so you
fast rule Wow okay yeah you know I'll
use the sword we've been we've been
having really good luck with the sword
you can reduce your weight if you remove
the skeleton oh yeah yeah yeah we'll get
right on that
you will get right on that guys don't
you worry yeah this feels better there
is actually a hidden weight system and
blood-borne that determines your stand
stamina region oh really
I think I've heard that I've never
noticed that's a GU baby ooh baby ooh
baby oh baby oh wow and a sword
yeah Wow that'll happen oh my god and
then you just healed and then you walked
right into a sword again oh god I'm
stopping I thought I had the perfect
parry
but I was to hand sorting okay I'm here
I'm here
everything's fine everything's but we
have been playing this game for four
hours is what I'm gonna say like we're
look we're a little frazzled know a
little more than the Louisville move a
little frazzled I'm here I'm ready to go
Lord Belmont says glad you're playing
this good played so many hours over the
last few days hint farm for a bit to
upgrade your endurance Plus strength a
few levels my strength is up the riddle
of Steel says looking forward to you
trying anything Warhammer Fantasy witch
hunts and demons and monsters in Germany
Warhammer 40,000 which hunch and demons
and monsters in space sounds great
I did play a while back table Warhammer
Space Marine mm-hmm okay gonna hide in
this corner wait till these guys come to
me I've played a good Space Hulk
knockoff hey you dicks
fight me
Wow
whiff I hate that fucker with the fuck
you guys yep you you the space Bremen
was good with the last boss that the
game was a lousy fucking quicktime
battle there otherwise it was it was a
fine fun thing dick if I ever considered
streaming tabletop games we string board
games what once last October we stream
board games and I loved it and I do want
to stream board games again maybe again
this Halloween move because I have
actually a lot of horror themed board
games Oh Rach I just discovered
something but if you hold down l2 mm-hm
it gets you in this position oh then you
do like a fucking mega attack look at
that oh and that used the blue bar oh so
just with a broadsword
what sort what is that just the sword
we've been using well we switched up
with a broadsword after a bit that's not
the starting eleven right interesting
we just learned something
I was doing chirps tax earlier there oh
I don't remember doing anything too
unusual damn oh oh oh that makes sense
oh I totally yeah that's what this is
why this is why I'm not shield bashing
this weapon you can't repost with
because it does the magic so I've been
pressing l2 to to shield bash and I've
been doing the magic one
you mean that shield not the weapon what
the sword I don't think did anything too
weird oh maybe it's the shield Jack it's
gotta be the shield maybe that's what's
happening I've been trying to repost and
it hasn't been working
oh I get it I get it
not now don't by the way perfect dark
we've been playing for like four or five
hours now and that's the first time I've
noticed that blue bar I need the blue
bar first time we saw it doing anything
yeah that's the first time I've seen it
do anything and it's because I'm using
this shield and actually I want though I
got another shield doctor sinuses sounds
like you guys are having fun figuring
out the game knock it off
right
oh look okay so at the bottom left
corner of the shield this is simple yeah
like I can't point that I there's a
shield symbol and the one the other one
has a sword symbol yeah and so the sword
symbol means you do a sword attack okay
okay and the shield symbol means we do
it we do the the parry okay oh that's
why I've been failing I just switched to
that other shield just right now and I
feel like I've been failing extra hard
move front says I'm impressed for your
overall skill level compared to your
first time playing Dark Souls your time
with blood-borne looks to have paid off
yes you have a boss soul and your
inventory right now what maybe you
didn't use it
maybe Oh dad I fucking okay
you know what you know what you fucking
suck so much fucking die
mr. mr. do ID says has Jack seen the
Dark Souls board game yet has some
pretty pretty models in it does rich
still hate the Welsh they fuck them
mulch
why aren't I kicking I don't hate the
Welsh I just don't I don't understand
where Welsh is first of all where is
that your guess is just as good as mine
is that north or south of Britain I
don't understand my name is Tate says
you guys thinking about Rayman Origins
I've decided to ask once a week like for
like that like that one asshole who
won't stop asking you to play DC
Universe Online because you know it's
free you fucks lol f Messi I play Rayman
Origins or waiting which is the second
one there's rain there's rain yeah
Rayman Origins I've played it and I
really enjoyed it's a really great
platforming game it's a lot of fun ok
I'm ready for you now
face me says look at this first in there
stab him in the dick right away cuz I'm
using the right fucking shield oh right
right he's not that he's not that you
could have followed that up immediately
with a charge attack that would have
been really nice that would've been
really smart that would have been really
smart but you know what the moral of the
story is I did well for a little bit now
there's two of them here ok ok ok we're
so proud of yours I was so proud I'm at
my hubris rich
madam says here's $2 filmic
court-mandated apology video for playing
Dark Souls wrong don't disrespect the
game it has to be protected yep
protect the game I did I fucked up I was
so proud of myself everyone and I
totally fucked up and and I'm so sorry
jack I fight yeah yeah yeah I'm sorry
now that says would you guys be
interested to try out slide to band of
thieves sometime in the future
no I played a little bit of one of the
Sly James I thought it was horribly
boring yeah I've never I've never cared
about the series right say as Sarah chin
like I was at that same point too where
was like it was like oh I'm not gonna
die this time wait I'm dying I like this
move you can kick their shield away
Thanks
I kind of kind of big on that alright
we're gonna kill this this motherfucker
right here cuz I just don't like him
this guy kick and step step oh man
that's great that's great I did great
everything was great right there I feel
like like just right there I did it I
did a really great thing wait I want to
check my inventory really quick what's
what's the general consensus in the chat
on what does it call quantum quantum
break breaks break just break quantum
break
oh here oh here's the boss all all of
the boreal viel vork I looked that up
and I was confused because I heard it
was available on PC yeah
another's checking steam it's not on
Steam well it said EA Games and I'm
fucking origin
Oh nope now it's the solution to Windows
window 10 the store platform its Christ
you needed to keep track of fucking like
eight download services to keep track of
all your fucking games at this point
Windows 10 exclusive the operating
system that we want to shove down your
fucking throat
on a break is a game and a show yes live
action
we were we were that we're thinking
about it it and looked like some of the
time powers and the shootie shoot stuff
was vaguely neat yes but then the
platforming all up horribly boring and
tedious and yep that's something I'd
really want to bother with it's on the
list it's on the list of possible things
to do there's so many things on that
list
like steam is fine gog is preferred but
then there's also you play and and
origin and now Windows 10 it's a lot of
shit a lot of shit I don't want to deal
with I can't kick kick
I had this whole kick thing down when
when Richards platforming has flashbacks
to channel Shadow of the Colossus I have
flashbacks to the eight fucking thousand
Mario 64 clones that got really tiring
15 years ago and I thinks lies in that
category
throw in quantum break you have neat
powers that you can only use in very
specific situations okay somebody heard
a lot of hype about it doesn't look it
doesn't look that great no does not look
that great some of the time star look
moderately neat I guess I say fuck that
guy I'm gonna there's a bunch of shit
over here that that I wanted to explore
and that two-handed l2 stance r1 move
max aside shields and lets you visceral
those dickish knights again that
two-handed Oh two stamps that two-handed
l2 stance r1 move knocks aside shields
and lets you visceral those dickish
Knights
that's all thing I think that's this
handed who when did you all I know is
grandma Kylie says rich I am considering
losing my mind yeah I do
where should I start with the Batman
with Batman comics look well if you want
to lose your mind you talking about
Batman comics I guess it's The Killing
Joke really that's your jam right there
Justin buy dope smoke says you guys hear
about the review copies of this game
coming with a hundred with with a
hundreds of dollars worth of free swag
how do you feel about that and how do
you think you would feel if you had
received one I'd feel like I wouldn't
care I'd review him fairly anyway I'd
realize they're basically priceless no I
don't think it's bribery I think it's
just fun the review copy specifically
had hundreds of dollars worth of swag I
know you're paying attention to the game
oh sorry yeah what the review copies
that got sent out came with like
hundreds of dollars worth of swag
apparent
Wow yeah uh hundreds of dollars worth of
fries
yep all the a and all the single
hundreds of dollars I'm not sure that's
100 or a plural hundreds but for all but
but uh you know it's a little shitty but
I I wouldn't give no fucks I can't
imagine that would sway anyone except
for someone who is brand-new who no one
is paying attention to anyway so one of
the reasons I don't want review copies
of games is because I don't want to feel
beholden to anybody right I mean we
wouldn't be but or else it would take a
lot more get this thing but we kind of
got offered once and no did we I don't
actually don't remember I think I think
didn't uh wasn't for excess asking us if
we want her to try out alpha centauri
maybe oh it was it wasn't it more than
anything shady about she's like you want
to want to copy those there's nothing
shady I don't even like the idea of
getting review copies sure this feels
weird
where was that room that we kept
avoiding was over here
get over here Rob Vader 12 says here's
$2 to play through all seven crash
bandicoot games Mandic doesn't meant to
keep you did been to cool I mean he is I
know I know how it's said but I say
things weird sometimes he is adorable
thanks guys looking forward to it this
Wednesday he's just assuming right there
you buying the crash bandicoot games for
two dollars alright you're gonna rob
Vader you're gonna have to cough up a
lot more than that to none up says hey
guys what are you gonna stream dead or
alive extreme free next blerns day oh
blurs next learns day everyone loves
blurs day I had it on a blonds day there
was front one room back here and we we
ditched it because it was a little
difficult but uh I want to go back there
cuz there was a ton of shit yeah
here here's here the Batman comic
recommendations your one Killing Joke
and would you say Dark Knight Returns
long Halloween there's two there's too
many
there's too many yeah you're one is the
fun one the year one is the one everyone
were me you're one's my favorite Batman
origin that's the fun one
get that one don't worry about anything
else the terms is all about fun death
knight returns gets pun intended batshit
crazy
near the end dirtbag returns like starts
ramping up and then it never stops
ramping up it's a normal Batman wants to
come out of retirement and then it just
gets nuttier and nuttier until he's he's
like stopping World War 3 on horseback
yep
fuck fuck fuck why does everyone have
bombs so if you want something that's
that's insane
Dark Knight Returns if you want just a
good solid Batman story I've always
loved year one and then The Killing Joke
is the definitive Joker a death in the
family I know that's a great starting
place especially I think as far as canon
goes it's largely irrelevant now anyway
the repercussions from a death and the
family have all been washed away
Gautam / heroine or nerd says Batman
animated hues or from the nine from the
90s or the one from 2005 if you're
talking about good and the Batman
animated series then we're talking about
the one from the 90s I don't know about
the one oh the one from 2005 is the
Batman which sucks I haven't really seen
much of it I can't say no it sucks
braving the bolds fun breaking the balls
fun the Batman I'm not sure that wasn't
brave the bold might be the 2005 one
omit well maybe I'm not even sure but
TAS is great the animated series yes you
are I'm leaving
I don't know how Killing Joke reads
today it might seem like what's the big
deal if you don't realize that that's
where the modern Joker was basically
invented before was he really written as
being like completely out of his mind
before The Killing Joke or was he
basically just a clown themed criminal
before the killing Joker I didn't read
that much Batman
look up you're the Batman guy I'm a
Marvel guy
it's not like it's a good story it's an
excellent Joker origin story it's not
like an epic though it's fairly simple
and that's fine
there's just there's there's treats in
this one room and they're probably not
good enough for me to care about No yeah
okay I'll just move forward I'll just
move forward
why do people always try to parry one
one hit from time firms are desperate
for one you might not be paying enough
attention you might not realize you're
one hit away from time for another thing
you die in this game all the time anyway
you may as well get some parrying
practice in mm-hm and if you pull it off
you feel really good about yourself
arrays better look at this
yep this game loves its grand vistas
like that ah that's beautiful
ready raising it up
why am i raising it up I don't know some
lady told me to some bitty revisions is
Ellen Ward going all Ridley Scott on us
I don't think I don't think Alan Moore
has if you're talking about the animated
version I don't think Alan Moore's
having anything to do with it I don't
think he ever has anything to do with
with adaptations of his work I think he
hates the fact that they're doing it
Rach what there's things happening
I have people will talk to you right
okay go ahead it's all I thought it was
gonna be a battle but it wasn't
great I don't have my own plate through
in this because it keeps crashing on my
PC which somebody earlier said there may
have patched today I'll check it out
later but yeah rich hat rich has a copy
we've we've both literally only played
for hours and when change started we
played for hours in ten minutes because
we've got 10 minutes of playthrough on
your PC before it kept crashing non-stop
yeah hopefully they'll patch it and you
can actually play your own copy which
would be great
yeah all right I'm up here now that's
great that's great something new palms
getting a little sweaty
hardcore I know you had to change the
lighting settings too low I did that it
didn't do jack shit
if anything it crashed more we changed
the lighting settings our character had
a helmet on like we can even change the
brightest brightness setting which has
nothing to do with what you were
supposed to change but we were desperate
we we tried all the things that they
recommend us trying and it did not work
which is a shame
Oh doggies oh look the dogs attacked the
people that's fun just right now this is
being streamed from Jack's ps4 yep
because we couldn't use my PC version we
had to go out and get the constant one
it's probably fine I'm sure Jack was
gonna play this anyway oh you know as
people know like I I really dig
blood-borne and I'm not too into the
knights and castles setting but you know
so far the play is nice I'm not I'm not
digging the setting as much either side
the honest truth and and that was part
of what kept me playing blood-borne is
just I really liked the horror you know
military says not a great stream guys
smiley face how much in untraceable
space credits to get a board game stream
featuring Rich's 40k Space Marines
versus Jax Pokemon monsters in a
showdown for galactic domination wow I
don't have Warhammer figurines it bit my
beady eye I have some Pokemon Space
Marines have always looked neat then
somebody say they're gonna like paint or
something weird they're gonna send you
something they want to know if you
wanted to paint them there maybe in the
middle I haven't checked it's been um I
couldn't go today because we had work to
do but I'm gonna stop at the post office
tomorrow I'll get our bill see you know
what I love stuff like this in this game
where's just like all the dead people
who who were like worshiping something
that's beautiful
that's beautiful I've half mine they're
gonna get up later when you go through
here there's gonna be silver just guys
that are trying to murder you
Oh probably magic bolts you know what
cool is that anything that a dragon is
that a dragon that looks like a dragon
gasps dragon the rotor oh oh that's
right there was that other dragon room
that we couldn't get to because the
dragon was there where's the treasure I
was told there was a treasure what who's
saying it sorry the one that's moving
back there oh there except service yeah
I love these guys these are I was so
into these guys when I saw the trailer
with like the turtle shells chained to
their back I love I love the look of
these guys they remind me of the swamp
do you remember like the swamp crawlers
and fili rode funny Sonya the chat was
saying the same thing boom just no oh I
got one who swore himself to me rich all
right
that's quite a treasure I was expecting
like a treasure treasure but I'll tell
take a servant I'll take a manservant
and mine says do you guys play street
fighter cock my fuck lol oh my fuck I've
never been a huge fighting game guy my
fighting game experience is relatively
limited
I mean I've played a street fighter I
haven't played the new one never any
good at it
it's it's fine you know like I never
went out of my way to get good right
though those to me were always the
fighting games were always party games
yeah you know like it's just something
you put on when friends were over I
would never I would never play them by
myself even Super Smash Brothers which I
play a little bit by myself I wouldn't
really like if I was gaming by myself I
would not just play those and very
weirdly until you none of my friends
were ever really gamers yeah okay Mike
was never a gamer
I'm not video games right right not his
thing Jay doesn't really care me write
it more likely than Mike my I think he
just hates them yeah and I hid for a
while I had a solid crew we all get
together and and game then we grew up
there was one game where I think might
got to fly around Star Trek spaceships
that he played for like a week and that
was it
I have done my free time was always
making stupid movies oh look at this
thing oh this is more blood Barney look
at this hello
born fire-lit hey come back Mike doesn't
work aha he's not a workaholic cuz what
he likes doing is his work he like his
making movies is what it's what we did
in high school for free still a
workaholic
it's just his hobby is different than
yours at NARS and whatever he's not he's
not a game guy his videos he's an editor
guy he's a filmmaking guy so I don't
know for that reason I don't think you
can call him a workaholic an absolutely
yeah you absolutely can call him a
workaholic he's just a smart workaholic
he's found a way he's found a way to
have his work and to play in the same in
the same bin don't what are these guys
these are blood-borne II guys my dad man
hanging from a pole
are you gonna come down dead man it's a
way to cut you down you're attached to a
rope of some kind one flaw and ds3 is
the bonfires are too close
I mean there's other things that make it
hard though they've seemed normal so far
like how many how do you help upgrade
how many help vials do you get in
blood-borne oh yeah you get like a 20
here you get three you get three they
refill with a bonfire but they refill
other places too but I haven't figured
out how to reach you only you only have
three three health vials to get you to
the next bonfire I haven't figured out
how they refill like by fighting enemies
you know small leather shield how is
that better than my large steel shield
no I suppose that was the question jerk
this is the question Richard anonymous
says sup cool cats word word man word up
word don't worry every Souls game ramps
up in the horror Department as you get
further along in them just like Adam
Sandler movies what
Oh in the horror horror like the
atmosphere yeah I get it here what if
this those villagers at the start of
blood-borne we're just so wonderfully
creepy they were step all grew oh yeah I
mean the the world is what keeps you
playing because they are woefully
frustrating games and so you need to be
absorbed in other things to keep moving
forward
Jaakko time but oh okay okay okay oh my
god we we miss an estes upgrade by the
banner
what the hell final thing the flask
the thing that refills your health which
I'm assuming means we can get four
instead of three
oh my word how far have I gotten in
hyper light drifter oh I'm so enjoying
it I am right now I'm trying to perfect
him okay I I think I'm gonna try no
death
at some point on hyper light drifter yes
so I'm I'm just trying to perfect areas
of the game now okay
great word
crackerjack word Jack Cracker Jack I
cannot go back up there's there's an
estrus upgrade item by that fat lady in
front of the fire you fucking game you
can get up to 15 flats and you can also
upgrade the amount it heals you I'm
running I'm running shit shit I ran into
a corner I ran into a corner rich I'm so
fucked
oh my god I'm so fucked alright I can do
this how do you get back to where you
came from I don't know I fell off at the
fuck I'm so oh my god there's a fat lady
is that the fat lady that's the bonfire
I'm soon we'll be talking about I can
hit the thing
okay fuckin fuckin what the fuck is that
Lord Belmont says you can upgrade your
vials with estrus shards with the
blacksmith also go to the blacksmith 200
a lot one more flask to have for you can
also upgrade the potency later Jack's
gonna die
he's so gonna die it's not even fucking
funny why don't you just why didn't what
you just get out of you're in general
why are you hanging around oh I wanted
to see if I could do it rich I died you
know what you know what that is time
stand up time to stand up everybody
it died great time to stand up
laughs hi
okay
okay
okay everything's fine now everything's
fine now I did not rage quit
hey congratulations no cigs in three
years you know no in general people are
still pretty on the fence as far as
vaping is concerned you know but like
the science isn't quite there yet but I
think if it gets you away from
cigarettes you go for it that's what I'm
saying about vaping you go for it
vaping is still nicotine though right
it's nicotine but that's what causes the
cancer no is the carcinogens because the
things in cigarettes you're burning and
inhaling the you know the things you're
burning and the nicotine is derived from
the things you're burning and so with
ecigs all you're doing is vaporizing
water and the nicotine is in that and so
the theory is that it's better for you
no one actually knows if it's better for
you what do you what do you get out of
nicotine besides addiction you get the
high there's a nicotine I oh you can
roll into people that's fun there's
definitely a high cap 78 yep hub says
helps Thank You Co haps here's a one
here is 100 towards a dark souls 3
Wednesday stream because this game looks
amazing you guys the best keep up the
great work
thanks apps you know if we're still into
it which most likely we will probably
still be into it still in time and then
you'll get to see my sweet-ass mage
character not this dumbass night you can
start gonna make a mage Anila for all I
give a shit I don't want to replay the
beginning of it right now oh I'll make
it look badass cuz I'll know it all yeah
yeah especially the very early parts no
I want to see the very early parts of
this one very early it feels like they
nerf the game and you're having we were
actually worried at first yes we thought
we were like oh is this gonna be too
easy wait I need more soul I need more
souls in general and then I'm gonna go
to the
sniff and see if I can do that thing
they were talking about or do I need to
kill that fat lady what's happening Who
am I
that's where you came from oh oh there's
a whole thing down here rich the
Barbarian hates magics that's exactly it
yes yeah you got it
oh the gift got me
yeah yeah I think it's pretty neat I
like it that was just a death noise
sometimes it's hard to know whether
something was was like a new monster or
death noise much much like the reason I
don't like the Jedi at all uh-huh I
heard to root for the underdog who
doesn't have magic fighting the magic
wielding monster that's the story
the magic wielding monster who could you
shoot fires at defenseless people
that's less exciting that's oh here's
the exit that's classic Conan the
Barbarian yeah is is is just the normal
mortal man versus the unbeknownst
magical powers yeah that's great
absolutely that is great Oh sloppy those
slop that was sloppy Tyrannosaurus rexes
ds3 characters named Holden MIDI key
nice what is what is what is this
character name oh this is guy manly
manly check out guy manly here to fight
the Wizards hey wizard fight me Conan
wasn't normal it was a human he didn't
have magic he was he's just a strong
dude he was strong he was strong he was
the strongest warrior but just a dude
and didn't have magic dude with a sword
it was great his job the strongest dude
with a sword oh sure I'll be with you
there
dolphin from the dolphin from Seaquest
says the rich if you ever played out of
the park baseball surprisingly addicting
baseball management sim you can unleash
your any Killy
and your inner Kenny Williams or Billy
Beane maybe bean I haven't heard of that
one
no the last baseball game I played and
loved was and it'll be power pros on the
the Wii that was a fun one wasn't really
like a management game that's I've never
played one like that that might be
interesting it would probably make for a
terrible stream but is my mad strats
blue room over here
magistrates where's my throwing oh yeah
rich doesn't like throwing knives yeah
I've used them to lure the enemies for
they Oh for that reason I prove that I
don't I don't like like you want to go
to your hell file and you're gonna
scroll through five things while you're
dodging eight enemies I don't like that
very much man let's see like now you can
nail one with the throwing knife and
then he'll come a-runnin did he he
didn't come around to see this I'm
waiting for him to come around okay well
he should have come and running but it
didn't know well oh yeah oh there I go
there he goes now he's around
fadi woke up I don't like that we're
gonna have to deal with oh shit Fannie
noticed run away so a reason these bad
guys are so tall steroids because
they're fucking creepy man tall tall and
slender did you realize that during his
time in baseball Barry Bonds hats eyes
grew what his hat size grew while he was
in baseball I don't understand the
significance of human growth hormone
that's not a natural thing for your head
to grow your head to grow yes okay I get
it you can access Estes instantly by
holding down the by holding the down
butter I did not know that okay hold on
Oh Oh mother this is called OSS okay so
watch me not pay attention okay
so if you're on if you're on throwing
knife and you just hold down this it
stops on Sto okay and and doesn't move
actually that's really neat thank you
for the tip I appreciate that tip that's
a great tip all right
we still got dudes to take out here hey
hey dude come on over here dude
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do fucked up now Oh a four
prong plow before the classic for brawn
pull out this thing do do as a favor now
I kind of what no no where's my sword
we need my thorn do whatever you want
don't get too heavy I know I know I'm
actually unequipping it right now
because I want my thorn I do have this
like this shield which i think is better
at parrying the small leather of feel
but have they figured out weapons skills
yet describe the weapon skills I believe
it's the same as blood-borne wear look
we're like you need why am I not hitting
you there we go you know you need to be
skilled in a certain thing to use a
thing there the riddle of Steel says
rich Star Wars idea you might like
simple stormtrooper protagonists
fighting rebels responsible for the
biggest terrorist attack on the galaxy
did that star run and led by theocratic
magical monks yeah yeah yeah just a
story of the of a stormtrooper taking
revenge on the Jedi's that killed his
brothers yeah it'd be great really does
Mir modern times doesn't it
slow and steady rich the the the large
superpower led by a powerful crazy man
versus a bunch of religious fanatics who
like blowing things up mmm that's my
that's modern politics global politics
to a tee right there
Lloyd beat says guys I'm a huge Bioshock
fan it also loved the original Twilight
Zone series well The Twilight Zone is
fucking great
I just heard Ken Levine's current
project an interactive Twilight Zone
movie couldn't we need what would would
have to hear more I don't know what I'm
super around big on the concept of an
interactive movie but I'd be willing to
see what he has in mind yet you want
similar games to start new family any of
the earlier harvest moons oh yeah by the
way I like I was looking up gameplay
footage for the senesce Harvest Moon to
compare and contrast for the episode
yeah Gio and yeah that looks right on
the money probably probably even more
sooo so su or so with the Game Boy
Advance version friends minimal tongue
friends in mineral friends of mineral
Tom okay there you go oh you can
probably find that easy
yeah gameboy advance copy but rich you
hated The Last of Us I'm assuming that's
some reference to The Twilight Zone
I was I was being polite I was being
polite I love The Twilight Zone oh but
mm-hmm
I'm not I'm not sure how an interactive
movie would work that's fair
and I'll give Kendall affine this the
the the plot to BioShock Infinite
there's some interesting stuff in there
mm-hmm
I think I didn't cared too much for the
the ending it is of itself in and of
itself yeah but lots of lots of need
playing around with parallel realities
whatnot mm-hmm alternate timelines
listen eat shit going on in that game
the original as well I I thought the
original can stand alone as a as a good
as a fine game I wasn't super huge on
like the actual gameplay in BioShock
Infinite oh yeah yeah yeah I guess I
could do that
like rolling into these guys it's fun
and yes BioShock Infinite does go up its
own ass at times yes I agree fully
speaking of up its own ass but as a nerd
it does play with concepts that I find
interesting it's not a situation where
I'm gonna go all in on love or hate just
think about it not like there's things
about it I hate rich there is only
all-in
you know you can't have a middle ground
yeah I would have figured that out
Arnold Rimmer says I'm still here cries
of joy from the audience you just caught
me in a coma what what the thing said
okay man I read it great he met the
prerequisite to dollar amounts and it
was read great
yeah of course I sneak up and stab
everyone I can in the back that's fun
the visceral you have to get really
close for it to work you really do but
it's fun
my the visceral attackers has always
been a fun of this game earlier on we're
trying to figure out what we were doing
wrong cuz we tried the backstab and it
just pissed this one guy off oh yeah you
got to get right up in there crack and
then it only worked and we're standing
like we're touching him to the point
where he started to get alerted and turn
around and then then it then it turn
they want you to go to the blacksmith
you love the object go to the blacksmith
well let me go get my souls back then
I'll go to the blacksmith upgrade your
estes things you're playing the game
wrong we're doing it wrong you trot you
what I'd I'd it's my fault cuz I was uh
I wrongly got absorbed into the world
and wanted to just explore more and see
more enemies and fight more you you
Philistine yeah if that was my fault and
I apologize holy I was I was getting
into the game and just having a good
time you know where does that one guy
come from pawn 79 says Jack and rich yes
have you guys ever taken the
myers-briggs personality test do you
know your Myer Briggs Type Indicator
MBTI 's Jack II SFP Jack INTJ J isfp and
Mike I MTP you are saying a lot of
waters he repaid the thing and I read
the thing it was a business transactions
transaction and no I have not taken the
myers-briggs personality test
the riddle of Steel says all he knows is
there are crazy murderers with laser
swords exploding people killing his
friends normal guy going up against Jedi
with guns and nades he doesn't know
about Alderaan or democracy
yeah I kind of love it cuz they're like
just a generic soldier in the Star Wars
universe probably wouldn't know like the
greater plans right he just knows his
homies got blowed up and he's like not
my homies Empire as protagonist it's not
a new idea to be I like TIE fighter
remember oh yeah
I've never been comfortable with the
idea of those personality tests to me to
me they're kind of like horoscopes where
you're gonna read it and there then will
the parts of it we go oh man that's
exactly me that's all that's so much me
but it's just like you know you you
don't need it you can't let it let a
piece of paper tell you what you are
we're supposed to be exactly you be you
man wait where are my souls now I think
I lost him over oh yeah over here
where are my blood echoes fatty comes
back watch some thing on YouTube where
some guy was trying to explain how all
nice guys are really just horribly
repressed in terrible people inside
looking to get out I'm thinking that
does that doesn't sound true at all is
that is complete bullshit but but some
guy in the internet presented that as
fuck oh sure yeah that sounds true to me
this is what nice guys are really like
yeah they want to fuck all the bitches
they just don't say anything about it
well not really
there's a bobble here I want to get the
bobble I know I shouldn't be getting the
bomb was just a fading soul okay run run
run running running running no no oh oh
didn't I oh you lucky son of a bitch you
die I didn't die everything's fine
running away from the things running
away from the things did a little loop
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
all right now I have enough souls where
I can actually do something at the
blacksmith's are they still chasing me
the blue blaze says since I'm not a fan
of dark fantasy could a game with this
kind of a gameplay in a sci-fi setting
work No
you'd have a hard time getting around
the melee weapons is supposed to like
laser beams that was good question my
big question was how do you make this
work with guns and you really do yeah it
it might work as like a Jedi in training
game but you know I'm just trying to
think of sci-fi kind of kind of does the
whole lasers thing this would have been
a better combat system for like the Mad
Max game then the Batman system oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah good cop
you could you could you could make it
work with like a post-apocalyptic go say
yeah just give someone like a steel pipe
and that's their that's their sword
mutants Oh that'd be great yeah it
doesn't really work with the sci-fi
unless you can find a sci-fi melee
weapon which you really you need to find
a sci-fi universe where it's not insane
that people aren't using long-range
weapons right rapid-fire long-range
weapons and explosives trying to think
Steven universe even though it's a
cartoon it's a card since it's a
children's cartoon on Cartoon Network so
I'm not surprised Steven universe
there's these things called the gems and
they use their gem power to make they
make melee weapons so one has like giant
fists and one has a spear and one has a
whip so Steven you and sci-fi you there
we go so the the crystal gems could make
this work in a sci-fi universe
Dorothy Venus says hey rich do you think
Batman tried to kill Superman with a
kryptonite spear instead of brass
knuckles or something that weight or
something more or or something more
practical because the Bible says Jesus
was stabbed on the cross by a spirit yes
I I know that's what they were going for
it's still stupid the whole Jesus
metaphor thing is stupid and they should
just fucking drop it it's not doing
anything for me it's just making me roll
my fucking eyes oh well one yep look
what we can do here we can take our one
blue fat flask which we never use and
allot it into an S Estus flask so
that'll help great reinforce Estes flack
use Estes shard to reinforce I assume
this is what we want to do yeah we'll
give it a shot great
how many shy oh shit by the way what
wait how many does that get us up to
I thought I saw 16 but that's my fire
bombs wait I only have three why do I
get hold on I'm gonna I got a recharge
here animus is you can't trust the
myers-briggs personality test anyways
from my money I would use the Oscar
Mayer test it's probably baloney too
though Oh Oh anonymous you card card
okay so now we have five Health's so
that's nice
I'll take that I'll take that that's
pretty nice
rich you're going to read the new
Superman comic with Kenan Kong is
Chinese Superman well considering I
haven't read a comic book in ten years
probably not ten years since I've been
in the kind of love story I'm probably
not going to go in and pick that up
what sword I have I have the broadsword
of one and so I can oh okay I can make
it more power I can make it the raw
broadsword one rich mm-hmm whatever yeah
so what are you Jack really what are the
bigger themes of Batman vs Superman
Jesus
Oh God Jesus good that's the I mean you
got it
atheists are bad and don't like God
Jesus I don't know if that is a theme
but not sure what they're saying but Lex
but like I said doesn't like God that
makes him the bad man makes the monster
but he was kind of the good guy okay
sure give a shot
okay my sword is super badass now okay
alright and mine wants to know what are
your thoughts on the appearance of the
mass murder vigilante known as Batman on
the Suicide Squad movie lol SMC oh sure
great he was fine in Batman vs Superman
is a great Batman great you look great
you look great you look great
everything's great what does this guy do
we talked to him lately
he's in the movie for five seconds for
all I know it's probably they realized
he was the one thing that worked through
Batman Superman vs Superman
so they shoved a CGI Batman on top of
like a car for like 110 seconds of
chasing and then he's gonna get thrown
off the car he won't be in the movie
anymore but Ben do you think you could
be in the know it's Ben we're letting
you direct the next Batman
no man no make up CGI no a CGI it'll be
fine we'll be able to put him in the
trailer but I'll be in the movie for 10
seconds he'll jump on their car and then
when the car turns corner he'll fall off
but then people will see Batman and they
want to see Batman I don't know
that's your ask me about a movie I
haven't seen trailers you can't tell
anything from trailers anymore good
trailer doesn't mean you're gonna get a
good movie Luisi says thanks for being
awesome you're welcome and dr. de Whitey
says when you infuse a weapon be sure to
read how the scaling changes I believe
the raw weapon has no scaling aka it
removes the rating values for the weapon
so your attributes' no longer make it
stronger
mhmmm that's good to know I'm just
pressing buttons at this
um so I guess I guess if you scaled
poorly with a weapon you'll want to do
the raw oh yeah so I we no longer get an
attribute bonus but it is significantly
more powerful that's more damage okay
that's really good to know thank you
that is very helpful information ghost
all right you know it's an early weapon
I can't imagine I'm gonna be sticking
with this sword for a long time also
Rick do you want to play or are you kind
of done are you enjoying yourself I am
but I like I don't want to I don't want
to be a hog okay keep on going to your
knife okay I don't want to be a I don't
want to be a I don't even know where the
fuck you are what's going on right with
you right now I'm so right what is the
worst movie that had a good trailer The
Phantom Menace the teaser teaser trailer
a Phantom Menace yeah was fucking great
yeah except for charger was he in a
teaser yeah but Mike saw that he sniffed
it out immediately he's Mexico that's
gonna be that's gonna be awful that
characters gonna be off on my yeah we
attack that's probably just a brief
thing he's not gonna be a character I'm
tardy is that true hold on I gotta go
back thank you I'm tardy if that's true
I mean lotta movies a lot of movies have
really good trailers like rich has said
many many times
it's these people's hold jobs to make
the movie look good that's all that's
all they do man they don't even have to
know or care what happens in the movie
nope
hey make it look cool you know what
movie had a great trailer and was shite
Buffalo 66 Buffalo 66 has this really
badass trailer with with you know the
band yes is that the movie that's got
the the really great matrix like like
freeze-frame kind of scene where the
camera pans around at the very end pre
CGI though which made an impressive no
no it's a it's a it's an arty farty
movie with Vincent Gallo and Christina
Ricci it's a J movie and well they said
the turtle man was here
they said the turtle man was by the
blacksmith and he was gonna give me a
free level I don't see no fucking turtle
man where are you turtle man Jeff saying
I'm right what I say I'm right I'm
swimming about buffalo 66 really maybe I
was so bored at that point I was no
longer paying attention I'm right about
so many things you're right about it's
hard to know which right thing of mine
they are referring to who areas but I
presume that's the one yeah absolutely
this
but anyway buffalo 66 had this super
amazing
trailer with yes his heart of the
sunrise as like the song for it and they
like cut to this prog rocky math like
the blue a little blue and it's great it
like it made me go I would immediately
and rent the movie and the movie is
boring artsy fartsy bullshit usually
like artsy fartsy bullshit though
sometimes I'm very particular about my
artsy fartsy bullshit and rich I you
know it's it's it's like it feels
different like earnest when it's when
it's earnest like it's like no I really
I'm trying to I'm trying to say
something and then like but you can tell
when someone's a prick about it you know
like I'm sure Zack Snyder actually is
trying to say something in Batman versus
Superman I don't know what the fuck it
is but he's just being a prick about it
what is he saying he's saying yeah it's
Jesus metaphor right like gods are for
its own sake Jesus metaphor because
Jesus metaphor exactly like we spoke
about it wait what's draw a true
strength shall we begin
sure throw in Jesus imagery instant art
it's an art
and I have no idea what this means but
somebody said I'm a scroll and find it
you may want to consider whether or not
you want to be dark signed I'm not gonna
play as this guy forever
what does dark sign I don't know it's
the turtleman that I saved he says I can
get a free level but they're saying it
might come with a cost just one free
level yeah it's a they say it makes you
Hollow I don't know what that means but
well talk to him a little bit more maybe
we're long tired and sad says rich even
though the movie didn't make money at
the beginning his Batman vs Superman a
bomb since it hasn't petered its
business later on even though the big
fall off well on one hand I'd say it is
a success because any movie that makes
seven hundred million dollars should be
considered a success I mean what kind of
fucked-up world is it where a movie can
make that much we considered a wet down
because and here's that here's the real
here's the real thing mhm
one it did not meet the projections that
WB gave it yep - it is a movie starring
arguably the two most popular fictional
characters ever to be created it should
be making a billion dollars and the fact
that it's not means they did something
really wrong there's like and they knew
it should do better because it starts
fucking Superman a Batman kids know who
Superman is before they see Superman
they see a red cape and they say
Superman they know that brand the fact
that that movie did not do a billion
dollars is a is a disgrace if it were me
yeah I would consider it a success
because that's still sick buddy yeah
absolutely I don't you know what do they
spend on it 250 million no still decent
profit it's still a tidy profit well but
that doesn't
look it up right now you can go to a box
office mojo someone look it up go to box
go to box office mojo and look up the
production budget which does not take
into account advertising budget and
usually they say advertising budget is
about equal to production budget but
whether or not I consider it an Assessor
of failure it's a moot point because
apparently the studio is disappointed
yes so as they fucking should be
I think you overestimate Superman
honestly I don't I I have children who
know who Superman is and I don't think
they've ever seen anything related to
Superman this is a true thing ask your
average person just a name three
superheroes and see if Superman isn't
one of them
name three fictional characters I'm
saying in all of fiction Superman is in
the top ten top five maybe I would put
that in it name the first fictional
person in the movie that you can
surprise with my character yeah you're
right
okay production budget Jesus
the Pied Piper wait the beer my sister
has it production budget was 250 million
yeah and they usually say they spend
about that on advertising so we're
talking so that's that's their fucking
fault for spending a comical amount of
money right Thank You captain hypocrite
and beer Meister so so we're looking at
four hundred five hundred million and so
and they're making so they're making
still a couple hundred million sure like
oh yeah we made a couple hundred million
they should have been making a
ridiculous amount of money so they did
they did make a ridiculous amount of
money not as ridiculous as they should
have I forgot what I was doing I forgot
that I was trying I was fine it's fine
Santa Santa Claus nice nice one shiz oh
that might be them the biggest fictional
character ever
motor Arkon says i'm my tooth extract
extracted and a little dizzy but what do
you what do you not like about BioShock
Infinite combat I I would like to know
your perspective instead of being an
asshole saying you hate everything just
good standard boring combat it's not
it's not horrible it's just not terribly
exciting I mean I got through the game
I wasn't thinking those terrible combat
or thinking
let's go standard it's kind of standard
shooting at things with guns I remember
not being particularly in love with any
of the weapons I don't know but I guess
I have to boil it down to hate or love
no that's what he was saying he was
saying he wanted to hear your opinion it
has been long enough now since I've
played it I I couldn't even tell you -
specifically what I thought of the
combat I just remember thinking is kind
of boring hmm it's kind of standard I
shouldn't say boring because it's gonna
be taken to mean awful yeah standard
he's gonna standard
purrs poke Alex in the eye says Batman V
Superman was a success in my book and
had something no other comic movie does
casual horse horse
bTW okay so was there casual horse in
that movie there must have been people
keep bringing this up bTW what the hell
was that wacky desert future seen an
apocalypse something I don't know they
they that one executive at Warner
Brothers out of a dozen executives
really liked the future Batman comic
book imagery and wanted it in the movie
and Zack Snyder can't say no because
that's why he gets these movies and so
Zack Snyder found a way to get it in
that makes no sense but it made it in
the movie so that executive was happy
they're trying to hint at Darkseid but
it didn't really fit in this movie yep
movie by committee I got a dropping
hints for future things even though
these two stories really aren't
connected in any way you know what I
really like I really like my Batman gets
in the Ironman suit I now own comic book
so make sure that happens that's gotta
happen Zack Snyder says okay okay okay
we can do that
kisses hello ever had friends any of you
seen two girls one cup once oh well eat
my poop Mac that's that's something I
would avoid saying
I'm not gonna go grossed myself out just
because it's a thing mm-hmm I can do
without that yeah I'm with you
yy-yeah what's that what's the purpose
so you go watch reaction videos people
throwing up I'm not gonna watch myself
right
mochi b85 says a movie with Batman and
Superman that did marginally better than
the relatively unknown Deadpool would be
seeing to the studio as a fail yes and
Deadpool didn't even screen in China
true done true this is the end what was
what was Deadpool's production budget
right look like compared to yeah
Deadpool has now made every single
investor a goddamn hero where I keep on
touching bloodstains and no ghosts come
out what's the deal oh that's one of
those situations were well we expected
to make 500 million but we only made 300
million in profits I'm not gonna cry
about that that's still a success new
this thing
could have been better
yes shouldn't have been better yes
fuckin sweet fucking sweet I did not see
that coming
no they could attend shoot it it's yes
of course it should have been of course
it should have been better I'll look at
that body bags wiggling that's gonna be
a surprise arey might not necessarily it
could just be creep creep factor Loyd
beat sense I know you guys hate on VR
for no reason what the fuck did we ever
hate on VR for no reason we we have we
have constantly said we are not
interested in VR like if that's hate I
don't think that's hating on it we have
no interest in VR but it's fine we hate
on it rich or maybe they're being funny
maybe because they mean they know that's
something we but I but I just got a gear
VR for my sings Samsung Galaxy s7 and
it's blowing my goddamn mind
okay great haha you can you can cheat
the system
yeah I've always felt like the well you
did a great job of cheating that system
Jack huh I'm still still cheating many
cheese heads don't cheat that system
Jack cheating the great fucking I'll
it's war game Buster's rich it's working
like gangbusters I hate to think what
you would have gotten without cheating
I've always felt the Achilles heel in
the VR thing be the lack of tactile
feedback what the things you're
interacting with sure
like I could I could pilot a spaceship
in VR but I'm not gonna feel any of the
buttons and the controls and I'm gonna
happen to pretend that I'm hitting the
thing well you get a lot of the new VR
things also have hand things yeah but
again there's no there's no like you
said
haptics like yeah like you know oh I
have to pull this rope and you have a
little thing on your hand so you pull
the rope but you don't feel the pull
back you can get in to a VR sword fight
but your sword as long as your hand is
always gonna go through the other sword
you're not gonna you're not gonna you're
gonna go whoop you're just gonna have to
pretend that you hit the other sword
right
which one is praise the Sun do I have a
praise the Sun sure there's no tactile
senses but the immersion enhancement
provided by a head-mounted display is
nothing to disregard maybe or you might
just have like an awkward thing on your
head I don't know I don't really know oh
that's well I had a super rich okay
Tomic mouse trap says the bad part about
meeting a dominatrix is when they've
been doing it so long they think
everyone is turned on by their pushy
bullshit never had that problem about
meeting they're dating it said meeting
the bad part of a meeting and dominatrix
is when they've been doing it so long
they think that everyone is turned on by
their pushy bullshit oh I don't think
I've ever met a dominatrix there's no
one who I know is a dominatrix I'm Adam
like secret life but I don't know about
I have to go back to work now at the
library I work at the library that was
my impression of a dominatrix who has it
who was secretly a dominatrix and tells
people that they work in a library
pretty good impression
I know oh okay okay this time this time
you
how are you - I'm on it I'm on I'm on it
now I'm on it now
hello hello
they do seem to be like the alvey's the
all these notes are a little much I am
when I if I go an offline mode do I get
rid of all of these notes if there are
notes people wrote yes okay then I want
to do that I hate the notes I hate to
know so much guy manly look at this guy
look at him he's manly tell me you told
look at her fucking home exactly that
could be that could be girl girly for
all you know oh that would be a twist oh
that would be so much right all over
again I'd be I'd be a quite the twist
rich status how do i how do I can I go
offline or do I have to like leave the
game and then go offline
jangalang 35 what it notes ever do you
they look terrible look at look at this
okay so you're in the creepy world like
oh there's monster oh no all these
bloody things and then and then you go
up to the note and you read the note and
it says oh there's an item ahead so
instead of you like figuring out that
you can smash the boxes and go over here
someone tells you to do it and I know I
could I didn't care about that I just
care that they're really fucking
distractingly ugly oh sure especially
especially in blood-borne where they
bubbled yeah they're like pink and
bubbly but I'll give you this they were
gray and bubbly and they were fucking
everywhere this having this creepy town
having this creepy fit look at this what
oh it's another Fat Lady's
you just don't need this
you know just nothing here
not even a sneaky guy you guys went
right over or it says to go offline just
FYI I know what you're saying you guys
when I haven't even touched the fuckin
trolling but you don't know where a hive
mind right jack
always always a - ways a hive mind I
know you guys didn't know that you could
just use the pics acts on the tilled
soil and stardew valley you guys didn't
know that I know you guys really loved
stardew valley and followed directly by
the YouTube comments
I know you guys really hated starter
Valley I think you guys were a little
hard on it affects blood subtitles music
jyggalag 35 says I didn't say you guys
we're just talking about general
comments that we get all the time on the
comments section for our videos so like
see here that's not specifically just
you don't worry about that so whoever
said that by the way so it's launched
settings play offline not I don't see
anything that this is choose whether or
not you start the game in online or
offline mode I don't see anything that
lets me do it right now I want to go
back and check see if I read that wrong
did you read that I might I might owe an
apology rich did you assume that makes
an ass out of you
you know what my brain put a guy's in
there that didn't belong there also you
went right over where it says to go
offline justify I here's my formal
apology jyggalag 35 you did not say you
guys you just said you and for whatever
reason skimming at my brain thought it
saw a guy probably because I'm used to
seeing that all the time in our comment
section so I am sorry that was that was
a heartfelt apology rich I also have a
whip now look at this
I'm Indiana fucking Jones Dark Souls
Indiana Jones DLC but also jaga lag
there there's no thing that lets you go
offline in this menu I have to leave and
then go in it so go back to the first
pause screen not in the okay so this is
the first pause okay so so this is the
pause screen equipment press pause one
time then over three times the status
inventory message maybe message dominate
written in training mmm full circle full
circle who was that what's that endo
kromm
good job titles HUD music sound effect
okay wait so toggle auto target on
controls controller vibration camera
camera blood with subtitles HUD music
you didn't turn the HUD off that'd be
interesting
before we go offline they want us to
leave a note that says stop believing
these damn knows right
yeah I think that's alright anyway I
think you're wrong I think you're wrong
about but I also think I want to use
this whipper really badly I think it's
in the messages part I will double I
will double check that in just a moment
as soon as I get to a safe space you're
gonna fight snagglepuss hey just like a
giant demotic snagglepuss pink pink
morphic tiger
but let's demonic messages either it's
okay it's okay to be wrong I'm wrong all
the time you get used to it I want to
see from software make a hanna-barbera
game now you seen it already rich oh
good
what
ah she's one of the first enemy designs
I've really liked in this game so far
yeah yeah well that and uh the cage legs
that that thing is neat oh she kicked my
ass you're not even gonna give me any
fucking treasures you bitch I think she
gave me I think she refilled my Estus
flask first III don't know how it
determines which enemy refills it but I
believe she did it could be just a
random drop kind of situation I could be
or instead of picking up the vial and we
just go straight into your thing I don't
know we'll look it's one of those things
either any bad guys down there forget we
all fart
oh oh look at that guy
I don't want oh it's a sharp Jim yes sir
SR that means I hated all of the other
designs ha ha ha ha they by the way they
get the game they get the game and I
like that this one step has like that
white line don't you just think that's
gonna be a trap no wins this summer from
from software average bear I'm gonna get
you today maybe later even something
snagglepuss would say I'm gonna catch
you with my knife or maybe this rusty
spoon even deputy hellhound I don't know
what boys he makes I don't remember okay
they go at least we're on the same page
like Fred Flintstone Oh Gers ah geez
this giant they just swing the giant
clubs
all the wacky racers characters
absolutely that'd be great
that would be great this way but I don't
want to go this way I feel I feel really
good about the amount of souls that I
have I think I can get a level up and I
think I saw a big bad asket yep that's a
big badass guy really
I'd really like there to be a lantern
over here you know oh hey there is a
Lancer okay so by the way whoever said
that the bonfires are too close to each
other you're absolutely right because
like I really wanted a lantern right
here but there shouldn't have been right
yeah there should have got lantern after
that big guy because I just made it
through all that like one more challenge
you're finally out of Estes now you're
fucked I agree I agree
so whoever said that is absolutely
correct that's where I wanted it and the
game should have told me that the game
should have told me now what what what
do you have against the Avatar Cinematic
Universe but first of all you can't just
call sequels of cinematic universe
because it's just gonna be a sequel
right what I have against it is that
nobody cares and I think I think James
Cameron's gonna eat some crow over this
everyone loved avatar because I'm so
awesome and I can't see that it wasn't
just because it was a gimmick
this is the trailer first okay everyone
loved avatar and everyone watching go
what the memorable characters jakesully
ah no they won't even call avatar on the
trailer they'll just have like a picture
of a Navi and like a - ever
we'll be super confused isn't like the
Smurfs Smurfs movie honey what the fuck
is that
but what is that is that like the Smurfs
got this whip I'm super into this whip
to to to what is this just a movie
called to do about blue people why would
they make it about blue people I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna put this out there
I do not understand
hello doll level up
touch the darkness within me James
Cameron needs to go back to making
gritty sci-fi movies like aliens and the
Terminator I don't know what he hasn't
in him anymore
you know you've reached an Avery to a
certain age he doesn't you know what
James Cameron needs to retire and just
go swimming in the ocean that's all he
cares about he needs to go swimming at
his money Ben yeah well then I want to
see how my uh my whip levels James
Cameron probably has a money bin I can
see that I'm not saying for sure yes but
I can see that after we've notice if I
get more dexterity than my whip is more
powerful okay that level of dexterity
I'm sorry doll I yeah you say the same
thing every time so yeah that to sum all
right things for all around so I'll do
that
great
yep peace I don't want to talk to you
peace Biddy George Miller is in his 70s
and he made fury road everybody is
different and I don't know that James
Cameron has it in him I make the kind of
gritty low-budget movie that worked
because I think that's part of the
reason why those movies worked is
because he had such immense limitations
maybe III think there are more examples
of ageing filmmakers going back to their
well and failing or their or they're
just too different they're different
people well this is what I'm saying
Spielberg look with Crystal Skull
Spielberg Spielberg that's how you
pronounce it
spiel Steven Spielberg Steven Spielberg
Spielberg with the Crystal Skull Joe
Lucas with the prequels I think we can
probably name more can i reinforce my
whip yeah he believe he wants to make
another Indiana Jones is that a joke I
don't think that's a joke that an April
Fool's joke that there's nobody noticed
it was a joke I don't believe that was a
joke
christos goes we're gonna make Indiana
ginger and crystals coasters I am Steven
Spielberg arnold rimmer says got that
our baseball management sim game and
pick Windy City instead of the Yankees
cuz I wanted to challenge it won a game
yet have I picked the wrong team yeah I
mean yeah probably you know the Yankees
are fucking assholes and people take
that I think into account in games
because usually assholes
the bigger joke is that Harrison Ford
wants to start
yeah it's I mean listen hairs like I get
it I get it with aging entertainers it
takes so much Drive and commitment to
get to that place where you are
successful you know and you that's not
the kind of thing you can turn off when
you get older it is all right this is
all right
oh the whip kind of like stuns a move oh
fuck esmie okay that's ba I should
really use my sword
the sword does work a lot better
what the fuck what
why would Harrison Ford once a star he
looks tired and everything he does maybe
he just needs the money for his medical
bills
last year the man crushed his leg and
was in a fucking plane crash yeah he
can't he can't be in good shape after
all that shit not even Harrison Ford can
afford his medical it can't afford his
medical bills and due back a new leg a
new spine
the girl
he survived the plane crash fine and the
lake thing wasn't his fault somebody
dropped a metal door never said it was
his fault
I'm just saying health-wise the man
can't be in a good place right now
he's older and his leg was crushed hmm
and his I don't know what the fuck gets
crushed on you in a plane crash but it's
probably everything all the important
things all the important things grudged
plane crashes kill most people but rich
why do you hate Harrison form good
question that's a good question
rich go
get out of my fucking doorway
my doorway Jack the whip at least in
earlier souls games is a specialty
weapon used because it can't be parried
or reposted but it's relatively weak yes
and I noticed that and it seemed to
stagger the enemy quite quite nicely and
had I had I been a different class with
a little more dexterity I think it could
have been a really nice weapon to have
but you know and it's fine like I was
just fucking around with it it seems
like fun which who would you rather be
in a plane crash with Harrison Ford or
Ric Flair does either one of them have
two parachutes
because that's the--that's the important
thing
I'll take the guy that's got the extra
parachute who would be more prepared
with an extra parachute
I think Harrison Ford flies more yeah
that's what I'm gonna say
how do I get you can I can I choose the
to be in the plane with the world's best
pilot instead can I go you know sure
okay I'm gonna choose to be in a plane
with the world's best pilot it's
Harrison Ford a pilot well he crashed a
plane then he was flying so yes okay
well maybe not he crashed what club
I love big dumb clubs rich what do you
think about furiosa not having any sort
of accident X accent in Mad Max fury
road so what we figured it out guys we
figured out why the movie was so
terrible and it like I know everyone was
was aching to discover the true reasons
why fury road was so terrible as it
turns out for the garbage you ever want
to throw your copy in the garbage yep
well we're all done why the magician
says the question is who do you think
you have a better chance of taking the
parachute from that's a good question
root by the magician is a smart smart
person absolutely that's a very good
question Vance Hine question I wanna say
you have a better chance of getting the
parachute from Harrison Ford look at
this thing
Rick Floyd was on steroids for a lot of
years many many years and he Russell he
was still wrestling when he was I gonna
fuckin 60s I think right insane the
things these wrestlers do were insane no
but then again his body is probably a
broken mess Ric Flair yeah absolutely
but I still think you have a better to
you know he had muscles at one point so
like the muscle memory might kick in
right yeah so you could take Harrison
Ford is
a hundred and twenty years old those
were Claire you could you could like
both 120 years are they really Harrison
Ford is like this big you could flick
him away I think okay okay but then but
then like it might be one of those
things were like oh but your hands so
low maybe I don't want to flick you away
you know would you get sentimental Morse
over han Solo yeah that for Rick for I
am yeah Indiana Jones Jones and then
verses a guy who you know for most of my
childhood I thought it was a horrible
villain right right you know so maybe
then Rick flair even though he might be
able to take you because you know you
know you would pull the trigger when it
came time to kill a man because that's
what you would be doing oh shit
fuck oh my god Lloyd beat says on a
scale of violently hate to dick ride
like a fanboy with only those two
options please rate the film John wick
dick ride like a fanboy yep I don't know
that means I haven't seen John wick so I
guess I guess violent hate and well with
violent hate because I haven't seen it
that's that's why I haven't seen it
because I have violent violent hatred
towards it so worth it was it worth it
probably not its dick I've just never
heard of put like that like oh I'd ride
that dick yeah I think one of the
problems this I think that's perfect
description you can't fanboy you can't
say dick oh right then yeah why can't
you not in text yeah I'd have to type
yeah that's why I said dick ride deaq
ride give it a sentence one word dick
ride you would a dick rad oh i don't
give that dick rap yeah maybe
how the fuck do you don't see John wick
oh no apparently because I violently
hate it I know didn't you hear is one
was that what do you anyone fucking
movie then it's canneries that might be
why I haven't seen it you don't like
Henry's yeah you're just kind of it just
always comes off like a dumb ass in
every movie he's it I like yeah chosen
despite despite his career he's he's
always going to be was it Ted yeah is a
cutter bill yeah don't it is he's always
gonna be Ted
no matter what he does yeah no fucking
crushed it in John wick maybe I haven't
seen it and it wasn't because of a hate
despite my joke Oh a scythe yes i but oh
oh he shoots up to for a second I
thought your scythe made that huge
explosion about all that's awesome more
important to me I got a big dumb Club
with spikes in it let me get this
straight your options are a thou'rt
assign side yeah and dumb Club and
you're going with dumb Club with spikes
on it that's what has me very excited to
play this game right at this very moment
shit where to go
oh right Wow
I just lost like a ton of souls I just
lost like a few thousand souls Rach I do
I love big dumb clubs of spikes in him
look at this thing it does shit damage
too I just bought this guy with it it's
shit try to cite it stuff because it's
not leveled up or anything and like my
Thor did all of a but Luke Luke 72w says
rich and Jack
what are both of your personal
experiences with professional wrestling
were you ever fans and if you were and
not anymore
when did you stop watching and who were
your favorites Jack Oh God I have not
seen professional wrestling since I was
a kid well then when I was a kid I
fuckin I loved I loved ultimate warrior
and Macho Man Randy Savage much a man
was the man still is the man even though
he is no longer with us
yeah everyone can agree he is though
he's meant I'd never much cared for Hulk
Hogan even though I know he was one I
was supposed to root for yeah I always
wanted macho man to win but quite
literally like I always knew it was fake
yeah cuz you can't you can tell and I
mean I want to say I was eight maybe
nine and I was just like I'm done with
this with this whole wrestling thing and
I had friends who were still into it
it's just like I'm so fucking done with
this I was I was a kid I absolutely
fucking loved the WWF uh-huh
I was a little hulkamaniac sure I like
Hulk Hogan and I ate that shit up for
many years
I'd say early late late 80s early
nineties
I grew out of it okay I got out of it
right around the time that the
Undertaker was was first started that
was that was when I was on my way out
and then I briefly got back into
wrestling when the WCW started off with
a whole NWO shit for Hulk Hogan was a
bad guy sure sure Hollywood Hogan yeah
Hollywood Hulk Hogan and no no not
Hollywood Hulk Hogan because that was
during his litigation with Marvel where
he couldn't call himself Hulk Hogan
anymore
Oh what happened yeah you know the the
lawsuit between Marvel and Hulk Hogan
over the name Hulk actually kept Marvel
from bankruptcy for a while the reason
we have modern marvel is because they
sued Hulk Hogan but anyways there and
then that that didn't last too long
because they ran that gimmick into the
ground it was obvious they were going
noir with it I got bored
okay but when I was kid it was
definitely Hulk Hogan all the way I even
when I was a kid I couldn't stand the
ultimate warrior he has a shitty fucking
gimmick I was crazy man stupid rambling
I'm I'm some kind of mystical warrior it
was a kid I didn't buy that shit like
that's stupid my guess a he's a good guy
yay it's like when I was a kid and I was
obviously younger than you when he was
around but like for me it was like he
wears bright colors and he's crazy and
he's yells and screams this is like okay
I can I can deal with the Ultimate
Warrior I almost quit wrestling the the
the second that warrior beat Hogan in
WrestleMania oh oh yeah because I
fucking I fucking can't stand the
Ultimate Warrior fucking couldn't stand
him and when he was the champion it just
did nothing for me so this is aa totally
boss area right as an older man looking
back the villains that I used to hate
are all people that I love now so when I
was a kid my favorite wrestler was Hogan
hands down right
as an adult I have a lot of love for the
Macho Man Randy Savage fucking awesome
Rowdy Roddy Piper oh god right rowdy
yeah not so much a wrestler but my
absolute favorite wrestling personality
all-time Bobby the brain Heenan oh I
love to hate that man so much watching
watching clips of him hosting shows with
Gorilla Monsoon is just the best thing

[Part II]
hands down my favorite wrestling
personality Bobby the brain Heenan hmm
and I never got any of it into any of
the later WWE stuff I never really saw
much of the rock or stone cold
mmm I've no opinion there something's
happening here something is going to
happen here rich has to read what
ultimate warrior said about Bobby Heenan
and how he deserved cancer warrior is a
fucking idiot it was an idiot when he
was in wrestling there's an idiot
afterwards he's just an idiot nice ok ok
ok we're gonna get the old sword out
this is this is kind of a sword
situation here that tree has testicles
just putting that out there and he is
walking his testicles
to award me
so I'm gonna hit him in the testicles
and okay yep yeah I mean I guess I
didn't know what to expect
I'll wait till after this battle to read
those donations just a subject fully
concentrate
what
No
I don't know
great
don't sit on me he said him you can only
hit him in the testicles I'm not judging
look at it and you can only hit him in
the testicles or it doesn't count this
is um the IIE approve is I guess what
I'm saying Jack I think you should go
full dominatrix and use the whip it's
not equipped I'm gonna hit him in the
testicles with my big dumb club fuck
fuck fuck end it
Wow Wow
loner Archon says speaking of wrestling
you still do have WWE 2k16 on Steam rich
the plan with wrestling games is to wait
till Josh was free first stream Josh
likes wrestling yeah Josh watches MIT
wrestling now so that's a someday
sorry Shen says tip of the day for
Richard check and mr. guy manly guy men
heart emoji thing not sure what to put
here today um here's towards the NX fund
question mark syrup oh sure the the
unannounced the earthy yet to be
revealed next to Nintendo console oh
yeah yeah already so much so much for
seeing the new Zelda on the Wii U so
much for that tired and sad says hey
rich what do you think save more lives
zack snyder's new permits zack snyder's
Snooper man I was gonna say Snooper man
because I'm weirdo zack snyder's
Superman or Gareth Edwards Godzilla I'm
sorry say that you saved more lives
Superman or Godzilla
probably technically Superman yeah
no no 100% technic because in Man of
Steel Zod wanted to kill all humans
yeah so technically the question is who
had more collateral damage doing it I
think that's a legitimate question
that's a really good question and
Godzilla
I missed they were like in the process
of evacuating weren't they yeah they
make they make a big deal in those
movies about like evacuating the
citizens okay that's like that classic
shot of all the people running away like
get out of here Godzilla's coming to
town like they make a big deal out of
getting the civilians out in the old
Godzilla movies so Superman probably
killed more people in the process of
being a hero oh you're behind me
and there's a problem when you're
comparing Superman to Godzilla and
you're not sure I'm sure with the bigger
hero is well you know one's a horrible
monster and one's a radioactive lizard
that was that I mean everyone saw that
joke come with mile away but I still did
it
maybe that club sucks check I know it
does suck but I love it
he just wants to hit somebody in the
balls with a club let the man hit
somebody in the balls
well I'll switch to the sword when I get
to the tree nuts first okay this beers
got to kill those guys and then I hide
here and then more guys coming this
booze killed those guys tired sad says
has your opinion about a comedian ever
changed when you find out about their
politics like say a Dennis Miller
comedian just has to be funny yeah as
long as you're funny Dennis like Dennis
Miller always had an unusual stick to me
he was I think he was really good I
think it worked for Weekend Update
okay yeah this way this works for
Weekend Update but like his stand-up
never quite gelled right with me and
then you find out he's a unless your
politics are I support Hitler I don't I
don't think being on the opposite end of
the political spectrum from me makes you
a horrible person right
god this club sucks but it
almost
surprise there's not a shortcut there
might be a shortcut and maybe I missed
it I don't think I went this way what I
know it's time to stand up but I'm
running fuck
can't run there fuck the monsters Rob
bear Trump says speaking of guns Allah
and either of you seen the trailer for
the new Japanese Godzilla movie from the
original studio Toho looks interesting
question mark have not seen it can't
comment oh yeah that looks fun looks
like a lot of fun you know I still I
have not seen the Bryan Cranston
Godzilla so what we're gonna deal that
they have with with with Toho with if
Toho can still make Godzilla movies fall
it was a universal I don't know who's
making the new I know and pay attention
to things because whatever right I find
that interesting
that's how I was making one yeah III
just don't think they care like yeah
sure make you guys are you gonna pay us
money great we're still gonna make our
Godzilla movies Warner Brothers okay
nonnamous says force awakens is about an
escape black slave who in the end get
slashed across his back by his former
slave master what do they call that
explain a film plot badly I like that I
like that that's really funny the and
then I think the important thing to take
away from that though is that he stood
up to his former master that's right he
got struck down for it but he wasn't
willing to be the slave that's right
there's a lesson
your party measures and says give those
ashes you picked up to the shopkeeper
and Firelink shrine yeah I see that
mr. swag the shrine hand made him will
prepare new items and I was that's what
I was looking at because I just picked
up something and I wonder what it does
okay
all right let's move on obviously I'm
not gonna win against tree nuts over
here but we're gonna try okay are they
well I'd die if I go over there probably
I won't
I won't just looking for a shortcut
it's gotta be a shortcut can cash us
what's your name FN 287 your name is
Toby that's kind of sure my name is Finn
you are fn-2187 my name is Finn you are
technically though it's what's-his-face
the pilot guy what's the foot what's his
freakin to pole vote
Poe Dameron just chooses to rename him
yeah but he's okay with it
oh okay he doesn't just arbitrarily and
he asked him know Kunta Kinte your name
is your name is Finn now okay no no he
didn't say he he said he said I'm gonna
call you Finn is that okay
did he yep okay is that he said is that
okay is that all right with in he's like
Finn all right yeah I'm cool with Finn
so then somebody was conscious of that
hopefully
what hey well oh that's a new one that's
a new one oh so no I know it's available
now for home watching I haven't bothered
to watch because I don't I really don't
care that much right
I have I just watched it recently that's
why I know the important thing is yeah
when does ash vs. Evil Dead easy to stop
that's the important thing that's what
I'm hyped about right I don't know are
they getting a second season they've
renewed it before the first season
started airing okay so I would assume
yes I didn't hear that
and to put away my club because it's a
shit damage I need to find I need to
find a shortcut
ash vs. boring Oh blow it out your ass I
just don't like how it ended I think it
had a lot of strengths going for it but
you know weak in some areas and overall
there's fine I can't say I'm like pining
for new ones though you know I know Lee
Majors is gonna be able to do season so
the million dollar man is playing Ash's
father really yeah that's funny Ted
Rama's gonna be in him that's been
confirmed
this guy is a rock this guy uses a big
ol pot he's a big pot you know what I
think that's probably better than the
song got shot I like that well I have
very little health and I'm just hoping
to find and that was a fine use of
throwing assuring me Jack I I approve oh
I got an Estus flask from him I think
yeah you just get those randomly
hello a musician oh oh okay okay okay
okay up there
yeah yeah turn says says tired and sad
says rich the Masters of the Universe
commentary track is great so do you
still feel raise and Mary Sue and does
Jack still think she isn't did you ever
say she was made to because I'm pretty
sure you said you don't want to champion
that that's just right no no no she
wasn't
I said she wasn't to Mary Sue at first I
was like oh there's a couple things that
don't quite jell right I built I think
both of our consensus was it doesn't
matter in the Star Wars universe because
there's wizards I think that was our
general consensus but my consensus is
and I haven't rewatched the movie to
analyze whether or not she was
definitely a Mary Sue I think she kind
of is and I don't really care I think I
think the context of a action-adventure
film with black and white morality
probably not the most important thing
might not really met her if she's a Mary
Sue
yeah it doesn't matter that is I think
all of her talents are all of her
talents except for one there is no the
one and we we went through this on
stream there is no direct way that she
knows about controlling people's mind
with the force everything else there is
a clear link shown in the movie why she
has these talents right and of course
she's a space wizard so they're all
they're all elevated because of space
wizard free except for controlling
people's mind that comes out of nowhere
but she has that little back and forth
with kylo Ren where she starts learning
stuff about kylo Ren when he's trying to
probe into her mind and she probes back
so yeah she might have seen today but it
doesn't show it look Luke learned
everything he needs to know about being
a Jedi like like you spent a day with
Yoda yep he had a day trip on Dagobah
then he left early to go have a
lightsaber fight with Darth Vader mm-hmm
and he learned absolutely everything and
no one said a word Finn who is a a
janitorial stormtrooper yet somehow
manages to like fire guns in a starship
with amazing accuracy nobody says
anything about Finn I'm assuming he had
some military training huh he was he was
probably never the best of his class but
I presume Finn had some ability they
they literally have a line in the movie
where Finn and Poe like were posed like
do you know how to fire these guns or do
you know how to fire blasters or can you
fire these and and Finn goes only
blasters you know why he's never fired
the big cannon sure yeah sure and but
but he does a really good job at finding
it I get my point is no one mentions
that so there there might be some there
might be some inherent sexism in calling
way I'm air you see I think a lot of the
bitching about her being a Mary Sue yeah
I think people really want to hate the
movie yeah
there's a lot of people I mean
I'm totally neutral I mean I do not give
a shit if it's great I or horrible like
I had no real stake in the matter before
seeing the movie uh-huh
I you know I I it was terrible that'll
be that'd be great from our perspective
ha ha ha ha that would be actually yeah
and I thought the end result was just
kind of it's alright it's okay yeah I
really like it I really like it still
I've seen some people will Chad ask you
know a Mary Sue it's kind of just a
character who's perfect at everything
they do yeah and all of the other
characters like them very much they're
introduced to do a pre-existing universe
it's something that exists mostly I
think it like fan works it started off
as a fan fiction term we're like the the
example that I read is like you you
write yourself into the Harry Potter
universe and all of a sudden you're the
best wizard and Harry Potter and
Hermione and Ron Weasley love you
immediately after meeting you and you're
their best friend and you're also the
best wizard and the best at everything
yeah
so if Rey is a Mary Shue Mary Sue I
don't think she's an extreme case no
but b-dog oxygen says she isn't very
good at having a family that gives a
shit about octo Jay for the win
great that's great
wouldn't that sort of make you young
anakin to marry soon he just knows how
to fix shit yeah yeah yeah he's a very
soon well and see that's that's where
some of the MarySue backlash is coming
against and and I I can see it'll be
rats is you know this Mary Sue thing
came up i I think there is some sexism
involved in this because no one has ever
said this about any other movie and all
of a sudden we have we have a strong
female protagonist I don't think it's
sexism I think it's the strong opinions
one way or the other thoughts Star Wars
I think it's both there's some people
who are looking for reasons to hate this
movie because it be either through
bitterness or because it didn't live up
to expectations it wasn't as
mind-blowing as they wanted it to be and
they're looking for a reason to say why
it was shit in their minds and that
could be I think that's a part of it I
just got a new thing she's got a new
thing I guess I'll get rid of the club
is this a fist oh fuck yeah oh fuck yeah
look at this rich just punching bitches
now we're talking now we are
motherfucking talking
it's locked oh I'm gonna put your rat
Chadd regards your SP about Star Trek
and scrolled up so I can't read the
specific wording I'm hoping the new show
will be good I still don't know much
about what they're gonna do I've heard
they're gonna do some weird anthology
thing I know if that's just rumor that
sounds kind of silly every season is
gonna be like a its own thing oh yeah
you said that I like I and we talked
about big wreck I don't know I don't
know as far as the movie Star Trek
beyond I'm not really excited at all
that's a nice wrap big big right running
away oh yeah with your health you should
definitely run away can I burn the rat
with fire cuz I really want to burn the
rat with fire Poe Dameron is way more of
a Mary Sue I gotta say when that came
out I at one point I described Poe as a
good character uh-huh I'm gonna I'm
gonna clarify and tone that down a bit
okay I wish I didn't use that wording
good character yeah he's not a good
character he's barely a character at all
he's the best fighter who is likable
just for the one scene where he was
helpless against kylo Ren he was he was
an underdog when he's getting his brain
probe and that instantly made him kind
of likable in my book but now he's not
an especially good character one way or
the other he's he's barely a character
at all he shows up and he flies his ship
yep so that's that's something I regret
that that wording oh okay I did not know
you calls him a good character you know
he's he's likable he's great he's
likable just for that scene he's at the
whims of a magic wielding monster and I
love I love the the escape sequence with
him and Finn and you know like he's just
so excitable it's great it's fun you
know what the whole it's a fun movie
giant okay what did I get from the giant
rat I got a ring but just just that
power imbalance in that one scene
instantly made him somebody you could
easily root for
okay I guess I can do some bleed
resistance
was i bleeding before I mean what's he
in like like half a percent of the movie
oh really
right
it's cute cute movie he's got maybe
generously maybe three minutes of screen
time where he's not flying a ship
shooting things that you use basically
he's basically just in the very early
parts of the movie I'm trying to he's in
the very early he's a little he's in the
then he just shows up to be the guy
who's shooting at things and then he's
shooting at things he's got a like a
tiny little scene in the in the room in
the room you know a scene in the room oh
oh good good I found a shortcut great
rhyme Vader twelve TSA's rich curious
about the new preacher show and hearing
you praised it I read all the comics
love them not excited about the show
anymore
yeah I'm not I'm not excited either of
that one that one trailer I saw for it
left me the opposite of hyped it seemed
like we're hitting things wrong right if
he just hangs around that town as the
preacher for the whole series well fuck
that right that's that preacher you
gotta keep the budget got to keep the
budget tired and sad says what are your
thoughts on why Kevin Smith is now hated
by the fans oh wait we got it we had a
stand-up thing awhile ago
I'm gonna finish reading the how do you
feel about him being hated by the fans
though what fans the fans okay oh it's a
shame and it's also good I I don't pay
enough attention to Kevin Smith to
really know what's going on with people
hating him or not hating them I I don't
know if you're talking about WB fans
since he he's a huge
DC person and he he said he doesn't like
the the prequels there the the Batman vs
Superman sometimes some somebody's in
the spotlight long enough you just get
tired of that that might be part of it
too but don't stop watching previously
recorded Tim salmon says Jack did you
ever check out the nest puzzle game Fire
and Ice also can't characters sometimes
be naturally good at something without a
setup doesn't that make their um it
doesn't that make up their characters to
bed yeah but when Barry soo is good at
everything and loved by everyone and in
a stupid action adventure film I'm not
sure it's a deal-breaker either so
whatever
we'll be back in two minutes I'm gonna
turn around look at guy manly
okay and we have balance to the universe
we stood up to do something healthy and
I got a beer so a little bout a little a
little healthy and a little unhealthy
who does she have the best ball sex she
has the best ball sack turn our stand up
timer back on great
stand up timer back on she's a neo brain
I want to say if it's a guy they call it
a berry Lou but I don't know if that is
true I cannot I can neither confirm nor
deny that it is called a berry Lou what
is this thing
what are you there's a nightmare fog but
I can't go through it
but it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
it's a movie with space wizards hey
neat oh I need to have extra night
shower to reinforce my cool ass fist we
ghetto a Gary Stu says fruit by the
magician it's called the Gary Stu if it
is a man
I personally rich and I have a couple
hours into Dark Souls 3 I still prefer
blood-borne I like the weapons
I like the combat a little bit better I
like the switching from the different
weapon things I like the John the trick
weapon the trick weapons I like the gun
the guns really cool yeah and I like the
world overall better I will say that
yeah I like the world overall better
this is fine and you know it's it's a
from software game you know exactly what
you're getting into
it's fine it didn't draw me in like
blood-borne through man and and maybe
and made a problem part of that's
probably just because blood-borne was my
you know it's my first you always love
you first
that's what they say and because it was
my first from software game it's fucking
with me a little bit good bolts
I could buy boots from her how much is
bullets rich how does your coveting ass
cub hating ass feel that the Cubs are
winning and the White Sox are losing
last I heard both teams are doing pretty
good Sox were like 5 and 2 and the Cubs
were five and one last I heard that was
just a few days ago oh so you're just
wrong it's ok I guess that kind of makes
you a dickhead
dickhead
tired and sad says hey rich I should
have added that Kevin Smith has spent
the last couple weeks backtracking and
saying that he actually really liked
Batman and Superman because it featured
parademons look Kevin Smith is a fanboy
and he's gonna have dumb opinions
because something has his favorite logo
on it deal with it does that mean he's a
terrible person no and you'd be
entertaining though I gotta say his
friend Jason Mewes is just a piece of
shit
yeah yeah I saw them both speak
somewhere once okay and Kevin Muse is
just an unlikable dirtbag Jason Mewes
Jason Mewes Jason Mewes unlikable
dirtbag no I know he had he had issues
with substance abuse and an unlikable
dirtbag that's all I know
we can join a covenant rich do we want
to join the warrior of sunlight or the
way of blue you're just gonna nuke this
game then this isn't my game yeah so you
do whatever the fuck you want in
charcoal or a dark spirit threatens them
a blue spirit will grant them assistance
and help them root out the invader I
know nothing I know nothing about
nothing I'm not I'm not invested enough
in Kevin Smith to care whether or not he
like Batman vs Superman Chet you would
like Batman vs Superman even I don't
like it that's just my opinion it's true
but if you like it I'm not gonna hate
you you go ahead and like it like what
you want you go ahead and you can like
fire watch you you can hate stardew
valley yeah you can do these things and
we can be friends we can still be
friends this is I just wanted this glove
and even like the Cubs whoa no I feel
sorry for you because it's been over a
hundred years since they've done
anything worth talking about the Cubs oh
man rich the only thing that Cubs have
done noteworthy in the last 100 years is
they ruin one of their fans lives when
they blamed him after they lost a
playoff game that's the most noteworthy
thing that's happened to the Cubs in the
last 100 years is that really true yeah
Steve Bartman okay there was a foul ball
head the Cubs player caught it it could
have been out but see Bart was like in
the front row on the fall side what
about a fall ball Rachelle's glove
caught the ball okay what about an out
it wasn't an hour so the inning was
still alive
and then even though the other team
still had to get five more hits to score
enough points to win everyone started
pointing the finger there's one fan in
the stands who caught one fall ball that
shouldn't have mattered the Cubs should
have gotten the next out because one of
their players led an easy ground ball go
leg through their legs and even though
the Cubs failed hard the blame got
shifted to this fan had to leave town he
lives in a different City now was a huge
Cubs fan possibly still is that was what
I was first starting then to get into
baseball and that's part of the reason
why I hate the Cubs okay I think that's
fair rich just called runs points fan
card revoked
that's what I would have called them I
know they're called runs Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ Jesus hi Jesus Mary hold a
Saints and Auto prefer flagon on one
side of town you had two Cubs who were a
very good team that kept losing what it
really mattered and they like to blame
other people and other people on the
team and fans and I know one one week
when they weren't doing good is because
they didn't have a left-handed batting
product practice pitcher that got blamed
once for why they were doing bad on the
other side of town he had the white sox
who had a team that wasn't expected to
do anything it wasn't expected to win
they were expected to fail hard and they
kept winning games they eventually won a
World Series that was really fun here
nice watch likable people winning games
with a manager I had a lot of
personality yeah that sounds like a
great idea that sounds like a lot of fun
like I could have got a Cubs fan but the
Cubs shot themselves in the fucking foot
like they always do because of the
fucking Cubs finding ways to lose since
1918 make the weight no good no 1907
Jesus Christ what a bunch of fucking
losers this there's this there's this
one seat in Wrigley Field they still
sell tickets for right okay that's a
chair and in front of the chair like
right here is a steel beam that's about
two feet wide I've seen it okay they
sell that seat to people because the
Cubs are a horrible organization
Oh dick blood I just want to punch him I
know like I'm not doing great with this
glove but I just want to
burn that undead bone shard I have visit
several I'm working out the pairing so I
just have this glove and I just want to
punch people with it okay dr. Gunther
hooter hacker says hey guys I was gonna
buy the witness in Battlefront thanks
very much for saving me some money
here's your 12% hey Battlefront leftover
beefcake says here's five dollars from a
prereq fanboy I will slavishly buy
anything with your logo on it alright
well we're gonna be coming out with a
new Ferrari next next month right
absolutely the prereq branded Ferrari
how do I feel about Moneyball it's a fun
book if you love baseball statistics it
really is if your nerd it's a it's a
great book dark souls fan forever
soz for crying out loud guys just give
me the controller already and let me do
this you're not having fun correctly I
feel personally obligated to show you
how to enjoy this game lol fuck my cock
like he says that as I that was perfect
timing oh yeah this is this is a dumb
weapon but I you know I love it I got my
crossbow okay okay okay it's time to get
serious
mmm we gotta go take a treat rich do you
want to play tonight do you wanna play
right now I'm fine okay are you done huh
are you done I mean I can be done I'm
fine I don't I don't have to keep
playing I just don't want to hog good
the control I'm fine cuz obviously I can
play this when I get home and we don't
know if you can yet you know here's the
thing okay right yeah if I can't then
it's just gonna be depressing cuz I'll
have a taste of it that's true if I can
if the patch did work then I'll be able
to play it whenever it doesn't matter
anyway so okay fail fail
going up against tree nuts and I'm
failing against the rats rich ass
professional movie critic actor artist
and game critic and intrapreneur all
these things what can you what can you
tell the young people of the day who
want to make their dreams come true
don't even don't even bother trying it's
just just find that the first safe job
you could find and just stick with the
grind until you're old enough to retire
which really at this rate it'll be like
75 before you can collect Social
Security because you know I am really
extremely lucky I mean extremely lucky
and it's just it's just it's just
foolish to pursue your dreams because
the odds of you making it they're
astronomical you're going to feel most
likely most likely you're gonna fail
it's better I've never tried is what I'm
saying you appreciate that one extra
year where you can you know barely save
a few extra hundred dollars you'll need
that later on when things get really bad
it's good advice on unflinchingly as far
as reaching your dreams goes I've
usually found that that that advice
never needs to be given for those who
are really going for it because you know
you're that type of person and you know
if you're that type person who is
willing to sacrifice stuff and that
sacrifice might just be your time it
might be your money it might be your
sanity it could be a lot of things
because you have to you need a you need
an edge in order to make it in the
entertainment world and sometimes that
edge is just your ability to keep going
and you know whether or not you're that
kind of person and if you are you
fucking you're fucking doing it already
and if you're not you know just having
fun hobby don't worry about it don't
worry about it we have dog we have dog
come here dog
have seventy-eights is rich nice yep 78
max rich what are your thoughts and
Steven Hawkings planned to within the
next 20 years Patel a tiny cell phone
size craft Alpha Centauri via a and
laser beam you seem like you really hate
this idea Jack you really don't like the
Alpha Centauri plan
yeah that sounds terrible the the gat
the gun the guy with the the guy with
the big pot through the pot at me yeah
and I thought he could just smash it he
threw it at me and it startled me how do
I feel about the plan he's gonna wait so
what's what explain the plan they plan
to send a really tiny thing out to the
nearest star oh that's good idea and do
you understand how far away that is and
the tiny thing can can send in for me I
get back it took a ship ten years to get
the fucking Pluto right and that's
comically far away but but stars are
insanely comically far away and they
think this thing can travel faster
because it's really small and with the
type of repulsion they'd want to use
they can get some pretty good speeds on
it sure I think it would still take an
insanely long time to get there but yeah
but doable
um what's insanely long hundred years I
don't know I don't know how long this
thing is actually supposed to take to
get there I think he wants to be able to
launch it in the next twenty years but
I'm not sure what the travel time would
be probably insane but you got to start
somewhere if we're gonna explore the
galaxy absolutely that's my thoughts on
I don't know what kind of information
this thing is gonna send back I'd be far
personally I'd be far more interested in
seeing pictures of planets from another
solar system that would that would be
exciting as hell
I gotta imagine the starch is gonna be
yeah the parents son looks pedal of the
Sun
and I don't even know if they plan on
getting pictures back from this Oh cuz I
think I think I'm light speed weather
information this thing sends back once
it gets there is probably gonna take 28
years I forget how far is Alpha Centauri
is like 28 light-years that might even
be way too close I'm not sure but I
guess it's a positive thing you got to
start somewhere and I guess you got to
start small oh yeah if his plan is like
oh you know it'll take a thousand years
for this thing to air you know I'm so
I'm so fun yeah you know I don't think a
thousand years five hundred years to get
there and then five hundred years to
send the information back to us saying
okay if we do that now than a thousand
years that'll happen okay it's only four
light years well I'm sorry I wasn't sure
how far Alpha Centauri not everyone is
like correcting me but but nothing can
travel at the speed of light
okay it takes you four years then to get
the information back from the probe but
that probe is not gonna be moving at
light speed how longs it take the probe
to get down that's the important
question after it's launched how long
does it take this thing to get there I'm
not sure I'm really not sure how fast
they think they can get this tiny little
craft and what I'm saying what I'm
saying is even if it takes a hundred
years to get there and then you know
they'll send up it'll take five years to
send it back right I think twenty
percent of lights be there not bad Lizza
but this is what it's like okay it's a
hundred years to get there and then in a
hundred years we'll have her in 105
years we'll have we'll know something
about this that's a positive that's
incredibly far away that's a great thing
and do you have to do it now so that in
a hundred years we have that information
so yes do it as fast as you can
I thought the 20 years is like when they
planned to launch before that we could
develop this technology to the play we
can get this there that fast oh wait are
they saying 20 years well if it's 20
percent the speed of light that's four
light years away it would take five
times four for it to get there oh my god
20 years to get there what four years to
get information back hey hey what are
you doing here what do you have never
been here before big fat lady she moves
she has never been there before she does
not belong there
Luke 72 dumb uses what is the plan for
the 420 stream I'm voting for Jack to
dress like a clown again but this time
just smoke weed instead of slide whistle
um I'm not sure I'm not a pothead like
at all I don't think you are these days
and I gotta say I wouldn't appreciate
the secondhand smoke
No so there are no plans for those of
you who have not who have not heard Jack
used to be a pothead stories Jack did
used to be a pothead but that was me I
mean we're getting close to 20 years ago
at this point everyone thinks I am
because I'm I'm just now I'm just
naturally weird you are you're very
weird and you know what logic and your
eyes are red and closed all I stopped
doing pot because it made me insanely
paranoid I was no longer having fun
while smoking pot I would spend all day
I we rented me my friends rented a house
and my room was in the basement and I
spent all day in the basement playing
video games and I would not hang out
with anyone because I was so paranoid of
leaving the basement because what if the
cops see me smoking pot in my living
room yeah like that's where my mind went
and it became incredibly not fun for me
so I have not smoked pot in a very very
exceedingly long time and I'm very okay
with that have I ever experimented with
with pot or any kind of drugs odd not
once however one time to celebrate a job
I carried it always went up CB drunk
uh-huh so once I got drunk for her
technically twice because the first time
she made the mistake of getting drunk
too she got drunk faster than I did and
she didn't appreciate any of it so
far as drugs I never I never felt a
desire to I'm horribly uncomfortable the
idea of anything fucking with my breath
very uncomfortable with that thought in
general yeah and I think that's fair
hot I don't really have any issues with
I figure if alcohols gonna be legal hot
probably should be there's no I can't
think of any good reason it shouldn't be
mmm
but I I don't know why the fuck anybody
does anything else them a leg length
anything like cocaine heroin why why the
fuck would you want to do something
that's gonna get you hooked and fuck
your wife off why would you want to do
that I don't get it yeah the experience
the the high it's that's literally what
every single bad thing is about it's
about the high the high is is worth the
consequence and you know I've never done
coke but I hear amazing thing the people
that I know who do coke because they
speak very highly on
you know I've experimented with a few
different drugs and you know what people
do not not since my adulting years have
I done so
so yeah for 4/20 we'll just we'll play a
game and we'll talk about games and
movies and shit how about that how about
that will be our plan for 420 is will do
the exact same thing we always do also
even when I was a pothead I hated 420
yep just like nowadays I hate the st.
Patrick's Day where everyone decides
it's a great idea to get fucked up all
day and it's just like listen you're
gonna get drunk get drunk you don't need
a day to get drunk like you don't need a
special occasion to get tried to do that
don't make a big deal out of it don't be
an asshole about it
oh it's 4:20 so we we get so we're gonna
get high today what did we do yesterday
we got high why because that's what we
do you don't need a special day no but
like we're gonna get high like all day
that's what we do every day trifle
Lucinda genex at least once it changes
your brain for the better for good I
don't believe that Scripture I've done
he'll loosen hallucinogenics a couple
times it does change your brain forever
really it does that's what they say
that's what they say just sounds
terrifying yeah yeah it is my plan my
epic plan of running away is not working
out very well
does that man is chasing me what is that
what is that what is that
but it's that thing I want to talk to
that thing
the Ravus says if you guys ever stream
the game room world if not I'd be
curious to see you truck to see you try
it out sometime it's a lot of fun
I've never streamed or played from world
don't know much about it
casual horse HOA ROC says hey guys you
have any thoughts on the new 755
megapixel light row light field camera
yes sent you a copy of Royal space force
just in case do you know what the light
drone camera I'm not the camera guy
around here I'm just the the schmucky
friend who is shove it on camera because
he's weird okay that's all I am Jack do
you know anything about this yes okay
the the I believe I'm gonna say I
believe the light row camera is the
special camera where you can take a
picture right let's say you take a
picture of a flower on your lawn yeah
and your house is in the background and
what normally happens with that is you
take a picture the flower and the flower
is beautifully and in focus and your
house behind you is all out of focus
glory depth of field you take this
camera with the light row and then it
gathers all the information for all
focal depths oh you can change the focus
after the phone I can change focus in
posts that sounds nice it's it's this
amazing technology and no one knows
quite what to do with it yet it's and it
only works for still photos it does oh
oh one less useful for us
let's useful for us oh no but everyone's
paying attention to it because like if
someone can get it to work for video
it's gonna change how you shoot video no
it's just pointing camera nothing
matters it's our you know hopefully
that's the thing you're talking about
light Road change the focus so you can
refocus your shitty photo in a different
focus
well it's interesting and and actually
like very there's some they have some
like fun web things where you can like
that well they have pictures and you can
click on the different things in the
some things are going to differ foe
because it's neat it's this neat
technology and no one knows what to do
with it yet it would be great for
consumer cameras because you know they
can you know just take a picture boom
take picture immediately the only
problem is consumers don't generally
like futzing with software later they
just want you know to press a button and
so then they're trying to figure out how
to get it to work with apps and you know
I'd like to make it easier but it's
really really fascinating but you get a
picture of grandmas not a focus so just
tweet that shit press a button
absolutely that's it's interesting just
from a technology point of view yeah
they can do that tired and sad says has
Jack seemed the Walking Dead finale and
do you think there are dangers when
comic book films on TV or TV shows
become too loyal to their source
materials I have not seen The Walking
Dead finale
mostly because I heard rumors that it
was really disappointing and I've been
kind of like falling out of favor with
Walking Dead and like I just haven't
cared yeah it's like I have it it's
waiting for me to watch and both me and
Lisa are just like it's it's kind of
gotten stale I'm walking dead again we
had a couple good seasons it's one of
those things that's weird because I'd
probably love it but I've never gotten
into the London I've never gone away to
watch more than they watch the first
three episodes two episodes pilot is
great pilots pilot is amazing again I
didn't keep watching the show and it's
weird that I didn't do that and like the
first season is pretty good this is the
proud the real problem is it's hard to
recommend it because the second season
sucks so much but then after the second
season it really picks up and you get
you get like two three really solid
seasons and now it's starting to get
stale again do you think there's a
problem with something sticking too
close to the source material mmm I'm
getting hoarse yes there is a problem
the problem is if if sticking close to
the source material does not mesh well
with the medium that it's being played
through comic books are different than
television shows regular books are
different than movies there's no way
that you can be a hundred
faithful to the source material because
it's a different medium Sin City shows
otherwise Sin City is the exactly like
the comic book Sin City and I love every
goddamn frame Sin City is the exception
that makes the rule because it's very
hard to point to movies that work so
beautifully that sticks so close to the
source material right sure how many
stick that close to the source material
though
how do you know right I wasn't paying
attention to anything this guy said I
suppose it's a danger if you're not
familiar with the original you'll hear
spoilers but fuck you it's like it's
it's all fine I I'm just like the
walking dead has this whole it's the
it's the hugely popular show and so like
there's the Walking Dead and then right
after The Walking Dead
there's a talk show called the talking
dead where they talk about the episode
and now they have fear The Walking Dead
and it's the there's just got it's
gotten too much I don't this guy said
stuff to me and I wasn't paying
attention
nice picture oh babe that's us No oh
here's them just thinking that goes well
along with it
dream sign sent us a link with a picture
apparently just sketched of us because
I'm wearing this shirt yeah hey Jack and
rich thanks for the entertainment but as
models you are total hacks oh it's it's
yeah we're not good models hello well
work hello well work my cock yeah okay
hello yeah yeah yeah lol yeah I get it
hello well for my cock
casual horse says they claimed the new
light roll camera light row cinema does
video with up to 300 frames per second
and then it can change both the focus
and to a certain degree the position of
the camera that's the Michelin Man the
light row it's it's interesting
technology and like here's the thing
I've for me it would be great like when
Rich and I shoot there's nobody watching
the camera and I have had a couple times
where either myself or rich have been
slightly out of focus because you know
we focus and then like oh we maybe we
move in our chair before we start
talking where we Vince and I've had to
like fix it in post and it never quite
looks right and I've been unhappy with
it I never once where we didn't have a
good tripod and you had something rigged
up with a camera was taped to some kind
of pole and throughout the episode the
camera just slowly starts like slippin
down into the right because that was the
same night that Jay and Mike were
shooting the Halloween best of the worst
yep and so they took all the trash what
are you tape it to it was like a monopod
tapes to a chair a stick tape to a chair
is a stick tape to a chair to the camera
and then the tendon the tape just kept
slowly bending throughout the whole
episode terrible terrible terrible so
there there are instances where like to
me it's like oh if there is a video
where I don't need to worry about
focus I can just choose that later fuck
you know like I'm in it I'm in it talk
to onion night again okay bold caps oh I
know today like that and then this thing
when I first came in here something was
going up okay so they gave you a hint
huh so they gave you a hint yes see like
boom oh wait was I supposed to tell him
yeah no I think you're fine okay
it would be great if I could get the
thing to stop firing at me it sold over
name list so yeah wait I'm gonna go tell
him just in case I was supposed to tell
him that I figured it out
Congrats you're smarter than an onion
hey where'd he go he did his job oh he
did his job that's my guess all right
fuck it you know you're supposed to go
down so he can go up what crazy no I
want to go up I want to fight the thing
do I want to fight oh look at that
oh that's exactly like the the
bloodborne thing the big tall guys made
different face oh he talks Oh
make peace that's interesting oh wow
that was easy
guess you're not gonna fight that thing
Jack unless you want to hit him in the
ankle anyway that's fucking fucking Jack
you're a loose cannon with nothing left
to lose you don't care you know you know
you don't obey the rules you know the
streets Jack sometimes the rules don't
apply on the streets what is that look
at that down there well you move it away
it's like that thing that's a thing it's
got fire it's a tail and a big ax thing
it's like a dragoon it's like one of
those crystal things be far earlier
vaguely no I don't know
or the one crystal thing so this is the
dickhead that keeps throwing the Spears
that almost killed me
well he probably won't now who did you
make please oh well great I did it I
Picard admire out of that situation a
little so fuck you guys who told me I
shouldn't do that that was absolutely
the right option
yay for Federation values what happened
if this were Janeway she would have she
would have taken the branch turned
around and killed him anyway because he
was in her way he was in her way to get
to the board or something read the
description of the branch okay I will
you know what I will read the
description of the branch
I got a young white branch yo nerds do
you want the details on how to stay
friends with the big guy sure sure
by the way I already have a young white
branch
there's a halfway landing on the
elevator to jump off to Oh
because in Japanese onion is slang for
useless or poor Oh becomes look at this
so so a branch of a white birch received
from a giant apparently as a token of
friendship becomes something that blends
into the surrounding consumed with use
maybe you have to use that good friend
no hit okay wait so never lose that
special branch okay is that oh that's
the key is somebody saying that yes yes
never lose that special branch okay I'm
gonna see if I can find this Penner
there's a Ledge I can jump on yeah yeah
that's the same guy says never lose that
special branch okay
for this the way oh oh I see it oh I
don't think it I don't think I can't
make that oh oh there it is okay I see
it I see it I can make that I can make
that perfect spectacular - I got this I
got this rich uh fucking boom boom
Shakalaka who's humming oh that's
fucking Onion Knight I kind of love on
your knight can I kick him off cuz you
know what I kind of like my giant friend
and I'd rather be friends with the Giant
no that's probably survivable what's
down there is there anything else up
here okay question that's my favorite
new move in this game is the boot look
at this boot you can just boot people
and new I mean new to me because that
move is not in blood-borne and it might
be another Dark Souls games but I love
the boot the chat is saying you're a
dick by the way I am he wanted to kill
my giant friend he's fine ultimately
Onion Knight wanted to kill the monster
who's my friend now we helped him down
to the roof he was having trouble and
now and now he's asking for help anyway
so he's fine Onion Knight is 5
I caught croc talking some okay I'm done
I'm done talking to you on your name
hold on search for clues
search for treasures say he wants to
kill the fire monster down there yes yes
I've figured that out and I will go kill
the fire monster for him so we will
remain friends I will no longer boot him
how about that I will I will try not to
to kick him anymore
get him on your night
Oh oh my god he moved walk on to him I
think he walked on just keep attacking
his legs man my stamina boom onion man
made an excellent distraction I just
gonna sit down I'll sit down with you
toast definitely toast okay hold on it's
the first we gotta get rid of that I
have an idea yeah here's what I want
mm-hmm
Jack how many onions will you eat on the
stream for a hundred bucks 100 bucks
zero I mean they're fucking gross zero
onions chat so that'll cost you a
hundred bucks because he didn't need any
onions so come on are you ready let us
toast with onion man I removed the HUD
yeah has to make a pretty picture take a
screenshot it's great Jesse great keep a
nuts that are more centered no not
really because of how you are yeah
you're centered yeah but you know what
the fighters in the background I'm a
tower look at that that's great
yeah that's a great one
yeah better better clip there we go
great now we got a screen shot wait do I
have to do this facing him I assume he
wants to toast right I know why do you
assume that no thing want you to talk to
him again
so I I'm just toasting him okay now talk
oh is that true mr. trans male hold on
if you said HUD to Otto it turns off
unless you're in battle okay that sounds
like a great idea
then look then you get out it's so
pretty
you don't get that distracting yeah that
great Hudson never bothered me it's
always valuable information yeah and I
see no reason not to have it cuz what if
your help well what if your help slow
and not really paying attention then you
rush into battle anyway oh god I only
have a sliver of health left you're
absolutely right
rich is absolutely right hug back on but
you do want no I wanted to turn it out
for the picture okay that was the only
thing that was really important to me
those were the chances you stays I'm
held as low I don't know I don't know
okay let's go see what's over here we
just fought a big fire monster didn't
see that you know what I did not see
that coming because I've completely
forgotten about the giant tree monster
that I actually went to go fight do you
remember that do you ever wonder what I
fight a tree monster I don't know I do
not it was a with big testicles remember
and I failed and then I went this way
and a whole different thing happened to
a large club is this different than my
other large club
let's find out it's a little bit larger
who it is so this is bigger this is a
reinforced Club this is a large Club
which I don't have the strength yet to
wield but you you better believe that
I'm gonna fucking use that club beat the
shit out of people with it with my big
dumb Club you're gonna have the shield
button to bring the HUD upper but I
won't
I won't bring the HUD up if I'm not
thinking about it yep and then rich is
totally right I'll be low on health and
I'll just you know be like how loud it
out he do not thinking about it and die
which you know I guess usually happens
in the game but then I'll feel dumb
people like the onion if they want you
to keep talking dude he's napping I'm
reading the things I read the things I'm
denied I'm not telling you that I'm
telling that you have like let them
onion nap this is my job maybe he gives
you maybe he gives you the ultimate
sword if you talk to him one more time
there maybe he doesn't
you guys just we just want the onion in
them either case totally worth it
totally worth it oh oh I got another one
I gotta say I'm not gonna hit him I
already booted him and I said I wasn't
gonna boot him anymore
you guys got mad at me when I booted him
can I see that I can use the club
two-handed
it's he's snoring okay
Jack knows he can use the large club if
he two hands it I'm gonna do that right
now
what was there was there an issue before
with your nothing I thought it said I
couldn't use it it's a big X on it
unable to use this item effectively
well it says effectively that's big
blunt Jack waffle never saw one like
that thing oh that's great that's
beautiful Oh Oh what oh you did
something
did he use flasks how does it power up
oh fuck yeah I use blue ah ah fuck is
good recharge overtime or something I
don't believe or is it blue just
obnoxious no remember there was a
different blue vial I don't want to have
to worry about juggling blue vials and
filling up on blue uh I think I would
just avoid blue weapons nope
which one of you is a bad guy all of you
that just seems like a pain in the ass
I'm sure one of you is gonna drop down
right so look at this you remember these
guys yeah remember these guys yeah and
then over here oh there's a bobble over
there rich well there's that one is
gonna be it's just gonna be one the
other ones are all darker but there's
one that's got lighter skin like the
ones that attacked you had before so
he's gonna crap down I think it just
gonna be the one or not or not I'm wrong
okay maybe just shadows there they all
look the same
whatever's wrong some of them look like
every weapon has a blue magic power you
can pretty safely beat the whole game
without every years ago oh right oh yeah
remember we discovered that earlier oh
here we go down here we discovered that
earlier when um when uh when I have that
other shield that big jump Club I love
big dumb Club Jack hit died gone what
are you doing what's happening is Jack
going to play the game till he beats it
he probably doesn't know this point that
is an accurate statement I do not know
at this point obviously I'm having fun
with it tonight uh it's got enough it's
it's drawing me and eventually combats
good onion man was awesome I you know
onion man saved it for me Oh who did who
did
oh my god this is the hand of a verb
game you're bambam I'm Captain Caveman
motherfucker
oh look at it look at how blood-borne
this is with the people sitting in
chairs looking out it's great oh look at
you look at you trying to hide oh crush
club whoa be wary of out I hate these
things
so you're fond of blunt weapons
yes I'm you should you should play this
on for 2000 made above the pot joke it
was a fine joke and I don't uh somebody
made some kind of fret from being a
that's fine let's find you well it's
further get the crate I know who that
was
yeah I'm not not trying to take credit
for that chat scrolled up and trying to
find out who who made that reference
they didn't bring up the 420 they just
said it was made this is gonna crack
about it being a blunt weapon and
whatnot oh damn it
fucking around fucking around not paying
attention
it's not a club it's a carrot it does
the kind of look like a carrot okay
here's the inspirational Lord Gooch says
why is Jack hitting zombie dogs with a
massive blunt okay nice oh oh it's you
guys do I need to switch for my massive
blunt now goddamn God Emperor nerd says
rich have tried the Master of Orion
remake it's okay doesn't have the charm
the original Dead Eye I lost all
interest in the Master of Orion remake
when I heard it had real-time battles
and that's not what I want my Master of
Orion real-time battles and star lanes
which darling like like roads in the
galaxy as opposed to going to whatever
star you're in range of mmm this star
connects to that star like
constellations for some reason you can
only go on that route oh that's weird
like constellations corpse lot says for
her marriage what a joker her 420 yeah
yeah that's pretty much my opinion of
potty humor all of it Oh potty um yeah
it's it's very strange because like when
you're oh wait oh never never has there
been a rat behind me never has there
ever when when you are a pothead pot
humor seems like the most wonderful
thing in the world and I cannot explain
what it is never but I was never but so
sure no but what I'm saying is like and
now that I don't smoke it anymore I'd
like I don't get pot jokes and I don't
find them funny but when you are a
pothead it's the bee's knees man pot
jokes
which is there anything for your
childhood that you liked and are
embarrassed about it now I think all the
embarrassing things i like that i was a
child i still like now so spider-man is
not my spider-man 2 different so yeah
chata saying you're too encumbered oh
right great
great I forgot fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
maybe they won't come in here if I run
really fast
oh he came in here
Sarah SH star says nice Dodge rich that
was amazing I know how I did that that
amazing dodge that was a pretty great
desert brief this Matt I'm just I'm just
so good at this game
I think I need to lose the club for now
the club is fun the club is big and dumb
but I have to lose it for the time being
not talking about the game lol what that
does if I dodge something I wasn't
consciously dodging anything the
embarrassing childhood thing oh yeah
maybe not really a dodge if you still
like the stupid things used to like no
and it's not a Dodge when you answer the
question directly
G Jojo was great yeah I mean I I never
want to be a joke
oh the cartoon sucks comic books that
looks great
Duke is an idiot Duke sucks
Duke was a minor character at best in
the comics he may have appeared in like
five issues ever or something weird
oh the onion Knights gun my oniony
friend is no more
okay now I need to find all my souls cuz
I had a really good number of souls
that's a good idea
let's stand up everybody let's stand up
it is time to do the stand up we're
gonna find my souls and then nice good
we've been playing Dark Souls now for
about 12 hours
oh stand up
his older
he's gonna do while we stand up
okay great
who got to find my soul's gotta find my
soul's had a lot of souls I'm going to
be relatively upset if I lose my souls
are they over here maybe doggies fuck
you dog
I just gotta get my songs range do you I
do you know I had a lot of them I think
I can sell the old sneaking around
running away running away or anyway
running away they're asking you for you
feel at least fight the tree testis
thing again I don't know no I don't
think I'm prepared for the trees okay
I don't think I will do what I actually
am here's the here's the bad part is I
don't think I can get up I don't think I
can get back up I think I might need to
go through these things
so what I'm saying you missed a chest -
no I believe that
okay this is where I started you would
just know I'll find that chest I'll find
it all don't you worry about it
thank scream just got into room
yeah it's probably running low on juice
on battery juice
are you done having fun with the club
the club is really great against some
enemies and not good at all against
other enemies for example if you feel
like dodging it's not gonna work very
well because it's a very heavy item and
my strength isn't up by one if I can
ditch my other items let's see what
happens if I ditch the crossbow and
ditch the sword and only have the club
did something else hold on shield it's
the shields arrows ditch the arrows I
should probably let's see how my role is
now weight ratio is 69% okay oh yeah
okay now we're done now we're doing good
boom you need to say Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam did I got my souls back that's all
that it's really important
you don't you don't think you can get
back up to that tree well I cuz hitting
that thing in the crotch for the child
club that's got some comedy value
instant comedy value Jack chest in there
is their trust in their miss the chest
again well I'm trying to deal with I'm
trying to deal with use a homeward bone
just come up a few times what I don't
know what it does how am I supposed to
know great I did I did homeward bone mr.
Chester would you I'm fuck fuck fuck
fuck
Oh that'll take you to the I'm assuming
that'll take you to the the fire but now
you lost your souls now I gotta grab my
souls again okay here we go
do we do have the torch run right yeah
you don't know what a homeward bone does
we played this game for literally went
seven hours no yep me only a few haven't
that was shared with jag
he's been playing entirely since we
stream started so no I don't know what a
homeward bone does we we know
blood-borne we know of all the
blood-borne terms I'm very much a rookie
so I can only assume it's like the the
mass yeah fuck the hunters mask
a hunter's mask running running running
running running running running running
it was in the other Dark Souls 2 which
we haven't really played much of I think
we have like a couple hours into Dark
Souls 1 as we have a stream into Dark
Souls 1 and a stream into Dark Souls 2
yep yep another guy was chasing me so I
just wanted to oh man that I am so
incredibly lucky rich I instinctively
thought I had my health potion on and I
was in the elevator shaft and I threw a
fireball but luckily just as I threw it
the shaft opened up and the fireball did
not kill me I am the luckiest Dark Souls
3 player ever to exist all right now Bam
Bam Bam Bam
they rich do any gaming on Linux
no I don't have Linux installed I mean
I'd like not to have to deal with
Windows but everything comes out in
Windows yep I was kind of hoping that
the whole steam OS thing would catch on
the steam boxes yeah that would that
would that would probably encourage more
people to develop games for Linux too
because that basically ran on Linux yes
but I don't think that's gonna catch on
I was kind of doomed from the start
so yeah yeah right so is what it is is
what it is is it is what it is I'm sorry
a droid quantum break that's currently
only on fucking Windows 10
I don't want Windows 10 you would rather
get an Xbox one I'm that's well I don't
want to play quantum break with a
gamepad either right so damned if you do
damned if you don't
hmm that was good as some of the stuff
sounds I got a feeling quantum breaks
gonna end up being mediocre okay okay
action would shed platforming and a lot
of talking
fuck are my all my arrows I have like a
Zil I bought like a hundred volts use
the steam controller I don't
particularly like that very much
that's for shooters it's maybe a little
a little a little tiny bit better I
think that a regular game pad for
shooters specifically but here's gamepad
gamepad steam controller keyboard mouse
trust me rich you don't want to play
quantum break alright
I hyped up to me somewhere a lot of fun
stuff you can do power is time that
thing has a glioma Bop on it and then
before we started playing Dark Souls
today I was just looking at videos in
YouTube I'm thinking oh this looks kind
of like tennis standard so the time
stuff looks kind of neat you friend up
and punch that guy in the face that's
kind of neat yeah hey every other
third-person shooter well look at this
crap looking platforming oh god the
platforming look so much like crap I
mission 1 get souls mission to see if I
can find that that uh that treasure
chest
it means by the dogs
the reason I haven't switched over to
Windows 10 is because I've already got a
ton a metric ton of shit installed on my
Windows 7 system here and it's a pain in
the ass as it is to get old ship to run
in newer operating systems I don't I
know if I'll be able to get some older
shit even working on Windows 10 and I
haven't done it because it's a pain in
the ass but a lot of people tell me it's
a bad operating system what is bad about
Windows 10 cuz I don't know
two hands jack two hands was there not
using Neil Breen is's rich and Jack
actor River Phoenix told stories about
growing up in the in the notorious cult
children of God where he and his sister
were allegedly abused this coat later
produced the music video SOS ah yeah
well I guess you're hidden because you
said ah I heard that after the fact but
we had no idea what the fuck SOS was
when we did the episode we didn't find
out there were a horrible child abusing
cults until later oh I see it
okay so I open the chest and then all
the monsters come out yep yep yep shit
should not have done that should not
have done that you're using one hand on
areum there you go
that was a great tyranny sir Shrek says
child abusing cult the Catholics you
mean yep zing
okay okay so now it should be outside I
see it already
you run away you can't be you can't act
surprised about that
SOS video being from a cult no because
fundamentalist Christians believe some
weird-ass shit yeah we just thought it
was a vaguely religious video they mock
evolution uh-huh that's that's a common
thing I never heard about the barcode
thing before you and my dad try to
explain that that's also a common thing
the living in the woods is a bit weird
yeah but that just made them seem
slightly more extreme the end times are
coming common Christian thing
what ah got him and also yes none of it
was in English my souls I'm on top of
the world yes at the time we had we had
no idea that was part of the family
international the children or what her
whatever the fuck they call themselves
these days didn't know was that right
we've actually got another video in
there about specifically I didn't watch
the video but the title of it has
something you're like 666 the mark of
the beast they're like a picture of a
barcode on it or something oh really
so we've got something like that on our
wall somewhere oh man oh man oh man sit
down there but I don't believe them okay
so what do I have in my inventory now
say I got bones returned to last bonfire
rested at or to shrine that sounds like
a good thing old human bone with several
hole why don't you level up and then
just give give the monster thing one way
oh well that's I'm you know because we
remember and varn there were two masks
one returns you to the shrine but you
lose all your blood echoes and one
returns of this friend with your blood
echoes does it say anything one way or
the other about losing echoes that's
what I'm looking at well everyone's
saying use the homeward bone ones I'm
assuming that one's fine
yeah I can use I got the treasure I got
the truck oh wait there's a where's the
other treasure though there's another
treasure over here and I kind of want to
get it but we're gonna have like 50
minutes get your souls back everything's
good that's what's gonna happen then
rich with the with the bone you keep
your shit okay that's mr. Schine okay
that's okay thank you mister try smile I
do want that treasure I do want it oh
it's one of these one of these like
platforming yeah okay it was all funny
so I guess all the fucking songs he
couldn't take goodbye a shit then come
back her later he could do that
I'll planets my plants might run and run
and jump some of the sign yeah yeah I
don't with how little health I have and
I take off all your gear I'm not I don't
know I'm no nope nope nope nope nope
nope nope no gonna be smart this is like
two levels worth of shit here faulty
wires TV says it's good treasure but I
don't think he can live right and I
think I have like a couple levels worth
of echoes you can get that carry
capacity up then see not be constantly
worried about the club but yeah but with
the club I don't need anything else you
know I want my strength up because that
that pairs well with the club sure it's
just gonna make everything fucking die
maybe turn mine Durance up a little bit
wait you have a ring of sacrifice you
might I don't know what he fucking has
I'm talking to you guys right yeah we're
just gonna murder people only people
saying what the fuck it's a five feet
drop under the planks yeah I'm not
somebody else saying the fall down which
is exaggerated in these games
the chata sits there being split this
civil war yep three wrecks Civil War
that's how it begins team jump versus
team don't jump what team Spidey on it's
not like they're protesting the Dark
Souls Registration Act
Hugh's weapon what could infuse it with
a fire gem meat repair weapon do I need
to repair anything no ok great
Spidey should switch sides when he did
in the comic all right now we will go
fight a giant tree dick
well tree testicles I don't I did not
see a tree dick perhaps the tree is the
dick I mean he is a dick because he's
fighting me
ok all right we will smash some tree
testicles and then we will call it an
evening maybe they're just some
mind-controlling mushrooms that are
growing on the tree controlling the rest
of the tree Jack thought about that
that's why they're the weak spot I like
it no I'd much rather be hitting three
testicles it's clearly tree testicles
burn that bone what burn bone ash what I
don't know things here's here's the
thing that when you have to assume we
know nothing about the game so when you
say burn bone ash we go what if you
write a complete sentence that says if
they burn the bone ash this will happen
then we will understand you you know
like bone ash Loretta I have a Loretta's
bone you you have to understand we just
don't know what you're talking about
what's a bone ash this thing the nose
the skull pine resin pine Rennell junk
he says Ridge burned the undead bone
shard and the menu of Firelink shrine
wats I can't do anything I can't do
anything
I'm completely hopeless
well we have a floppy hat the gloves let
the pants okay all right all right you
burned the bone ash and Firelink shrine
bonfire I don't have a bone ash also
everybody I want you to look at my
inventory flask flash ember Karen's
always complain about my bony ash I have
a bone shard is that it oh okay
burn in shrine bonfire to increase Estes
recovery okay okay by the way it is a
bone shard not bone ash just putting
that out there
I wanna oh no I'm gonna put that out
there y'all be dicks
did did read all this all this grief
over this bone ash that's not as she's a
bone shard and someone said ash and
that's what caught on blood and oh my
god oh god use the bone my God's bone
ass we're not we're not playing Dark
Souls right jack never have we're having
fun the wrong way no also I forgot where
the tree is
where's the tree tip oh that's right the
tree testicle oh wait the guy wanted to
throw the things at me anymore
also I'm going the wrong way for the
tree testicle rich what I don't know
where the treatable was yeah still
blaming you
fuck big rat big rat hi tree testicles
this way and the guy won't throw Spears
at me anymore because we're friends but
I do need to be this guy which I can do
Jack you were going the right way just
don't crush across the stone bridge
literally doesn't matter which way he
goes I'm hearing and we're again I'm
gonna go flipping information right now
I don't know what the truth is that's
the truth this is like last night all
over again I don't know what's going on
I guess I thought this way we might be
faster is it I have oh you know it
actually might not be because now that
now that the bad man is not throwing the
is not throwing the sphere's I have to
fight these guys but I have my biggest
club but I'm gonna die anyway
this is insanity everything is insanity
rich ok used to it wait what
Heath is still throwing spears do you
have to use that item what item the the
bridge no they said not to use it to
remain friends with them I don't know
you know what it doesn't matter all
right here we go
here we go three testicles here it is
rich what was last night you'll find out
in good time rich and I for some reason
could not stream last night i wonder
what that reason could be there's a
reason that we're streaming on a Monday
night I got 10% battery okay well all
I'm gonna do is hit this tree in the
nuts that's literally all we're waiting
for is for me to hit this tree in the
nuts
with the strength boost of the magic
these guys go down on one fucking hit
there is tree nuts
not not the wheel exactly oh oh oh God
Oh Oh God
how are you supposed to fight tree nuts
over your health is fine your health is
fine is there a charge attack yeah he's
gonna he's gonna bounce Oh
heal heal heal ill I miss them I can't
believe I missed his nuts pours goblet
says remove skeleton yep of course I
don't I don't think you're gonna pull
this one off jack nope oh oh oh that
just looks brutal tree nuts got me again
I did worse with my junk and buttbounce
I kind of love that just bouncing on us
but that I mean that hurt me physically
that's dark so that's great that's
beautiful tree I was tree bag day
underscore that's great James this is
dream sign so some guys will pay top
dollar for that kind of treatment
damn you tree nuts
Luke 72w says this is just for
delivering on tree nuts you incredible
failure no it's started nice and there
nothing kind of mean well we failed
again stress well yeah you have to say
that
yeah we will have a nice nice parting
toast ending while we thank our
subscribers what do you think I believe
like most of it I think it's fine it's
fine
I prefer blood-borne but pretty early in
this you still need that isn't the tour
on there you're totally right you don't
need that at him yeah you're totally
right
I'll click on I can you scroll the mouse
wheel oh yeah okay just back up myself
okay okay we're still streaming okay so
we have these are all of our subscribers
everyone who has recibir streaming
jiggle our
jyggalag 35g I'm saying jyggalag cuz
I've been saying gee Jack jyggalag 35
you're right you're right
mister bibs mister shy smile 18 months
in a row
mister grape first of all that's three
misters in a row miss ribs
our viewers are all proper gentlemen I
love it I love it
Rob Vader 12 lady dinning no was it
cause I'm Muslim
you got it cuz of awesomeness my name is
Tate T CLP 999 my team months in a row
ere been very man Grand Moff Kelly 18
months in a row Grethe make a military
don't gruff licorice and shreddies 19
months in a row bougie bitch would you
bet think of it
shark spear 18 months in a row HAP logo
wrath comically small skeleton unn
powerful raindrop 19 months in a row mr.
Glenn who isn't in the the mr. block I
get up in the air
mister quench 17 months in a row dream
sign crunky peep Quinn ox
I don't want my pinky today I'm Mr evil
dr. evil what happens whatever Honda 79
stray lost idiot like that tabari HK 15
months in a row no she said G shot sir
GS hots or just the shots I like a shots
good shots that sounds like Yiddish yeah
shuts oh you get jobs oh yeah we know
he's full of piss and gunshots nineteen
months in a row top ramens 14 buzz in a
row
well Kim's with a clown
15 months in a row
Krieger 7 8 3 19 months in a row
Tim sevens vast Roya 15 Jacqueline I'm
sorry say that again
Jacqueline one more thing Jacqueline
Jacqueline Jacqueline that's just you
that flows very nice out of your mouth
hole nasty flat corpse a lot M see Lucas
22 fucking months in a row handsome Rob
vapor sauce or vapors Oh vapor first of
all I'm way wrong so it's vapor space or
vapors pace I think it's probably vapor
space
I like vapors pace 25 but certain it's
certainly not vapor sauce no there's no
sauce in there anyway
yeah you know I think you need to get
out of here I think you need to get out
of here still stealthily what you need
is casual voice thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do thank you guys so much
for coming out we appreciate it we
really appreciate it we really do and
we'll see you on Wednesday
happy trails happy Wednesday
