Mar 16, 2016
Deadbolt, Downwell
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/64978501
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/64982370
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/64985695
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkjNQpLt85A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iepyssLtSJQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afj5hpzYuWE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/710177861601103872

[Part I]
now we did not plan that that's just so
happen that just happens to be the
bottom of that building the bottom of
that building is just where the camera
ends isn't that weird what a weird
coincidence that it just happens to end
right there at the bottom of the screen
at the bottom of that building does the
strangeness of life the life is full of
variables rich yes yes and sometimes
random things can seem to have a purpose
but they're just they're just random
true but typically I distrust
coincidence why don't they don't trust
coincidence it's all I really I really
want to investigate the fuck out of
something before I'm willing to accept
coincidence I mean they happen all the
time I know just don't trust them you
just don't trust them I guess that's
fair hey guys hi everybody welcome
welcome welcome we we weren't
necessarily feeling the funny voices yet
and I want to have a conversation about
dead bolts we'll look too close to
wedlock do you know I'm Sam
it's actually the other way around Bobby
oh this is my shirt are you getting
keyed out no no I suppose you're wearing
a green shirt ring it's a blue shirt
it's fine how do I adjust that yes we're
professionals jack you see where do I go
in the settings huh
where I go in the settings
well right-click on face can pick up I
go to properties then into green screen
probably if you turn the similarity down
down that's probably
yeah that's pretty soaking up now we're
getting that are getting the border back
oh wait yeah see
I don't know what's one it's you know
what it's a black give me it give me a
second give me a second we're
professionals Jack what profession it
looks fine rich and I look like a ghost
we're playing a game starring the Grim
Reaper it looked like I'm starring in
The Sixth Sense
we're playing the Grim Reaper the game
no the thing is this thing oh god that's
or even worse is it you're wearing a
green shirt and to have a green sweater
I'm terrible things are happening I
think the shirt is fine whatever your
shirt would be fun - sure is like blue
yeah but it's in the same family it's in
the same color family rich this is the
third time rich has been a coast
what's the origin of the deadbolt
wedlock story again how did that work
when I was when I was much younger I saw
a stand-up comedian and I loved to stand
there family yeah everyone does in love
with it no I mean I loved it everyone
loves stand-up comedy except for Egon
Spengler I had a passion for stand-up
comedy I would consume as much stand-up
comedy as I possibly could and we were
on vacation and we saw a stand-up comic
and now that I'm older I realized he was
a complete hack yeah but at the time I
loved him and he had this little bit
about marriage and why he would never
get married uh no I don't think I don't
think I'm right for marriage I don't
think I could ever get man yeah you know
wedlock that's a little too close to
deadbolt did he go yeah that was how he
did his punchline no he did not do that
but the joke has always stuck with me as
possibly one of the worst jokes ever did
you recognize that at the time no I
thought it was hilarious but of course I
mean I wasn't I was a teenager I mean
I'm talking young teenager like so for
me it was just like ha ha ha ha marriage
yeah that sucks it sucks to be married
like I don't even know if I had a
girlfriend at the time I am I am a weird
man ok because it was the three idea of
merge soda nice OOP seems like a nice
thing sure you think it's someone you
really like each other you spend your
lives together always there for each
other it sounded wonderful I look
forward to getting married
oh I grew up in a dysfunctional house so
guy there you go I don't know I'm liking
everything pop culture-wise you know
like think about married with children
right yeah
marriage is a joke and married with
children like everything pop
culture-wise
told me that marriage was terrible like
every guy hated marriage and so I was
like okay I'm supposed to hate marriage
wedlock deadbolt oh god that's gold you
say I like married with children myself
but I could also think for myself well
but I didn't let the TV tell me I was I
did not let the TV tell me
how to believe I am significantly
younger so when I saw married with
children I was much more impressionable
when I was an impressionable youth you
were a grown-ass adult when mater
children came on I was a youth what was
that an unhappy marriage
I have no piggy wanted to have sex
almost constantly Peggy was super hot
and wanted to have sex all the time I
have no idea why that was supposed to be
a marriage here's the thing about
married with children is it the story of
a closeted gay man he sells shoes hangs
out with his bed with his buddies all
the time yep
constantly refuses to have sex with his
hot wife yep and he he definitely over
accentuates all of his manly feet yeah
like all the time yep that's exactly I'm
sure that's not intended that's pot you
could read that into there yeah you
could so what the fuck are we playing we
have a game going on we're going
deadbolt what is what the fuck is dead
ball so here's here is all you need to
know about that bolt it is the exact
same creative team that made risk of
rain why is that all I need to know
because that's what sold me on it that's
what sold you want it didn't you love
risk of rain
I like risk of rain these are these
people who are made of risk of rain and
they made a new game called dead ball
that's it I don't know if that's
entirely fair well what was the super
wasn't what an argument you came in
today I came in today and I want to I
wanted to ask for it's a very important
question
can you guys hear this by the way
because here's something I can tell you
for sure the this games soundtrack is
black it is an amazing soundtrack we're
gonna be so embarrassed with yourself in
like six months
why
you're saying yes that's right Chris
Krista dulu did this soundtrack and it
is awesome it's a it's a great
soundtrack I've been listening to it all
time
anyway here's my question here's a
question I posed to risk to risk of
bridge yeah I know it's bleak I know it
is is does an artist's previous work or
is it fair to judge an artists new work
by their previous work my knee-jerk
response was yes but I was thinking like
like you're going from dark souls to
blood-borne sure not one genre into
something entirely different
yeah then it's less relevant but not
completely irrelevant not it's not
completely irrelevant and it's like my
here's my he's been my issue is I've
been playing a lot of dead bolt
and overall enjoying it I think it's a
fine game I think it's a fine game and
an amazing soundtrack but in my head
it's just not as good as risk of rain
okay but they're completely different
games yeah but I can't separate them
because that was the reason that I
bought the game these people who made a
game that I love made a new game um get
by that game so like they're
intertwining me happy feet versus Mad
Max George Miller made Mad Max happy
feet must be great like would you would
you judge invisible ink
based on mark of the ninja right exactly
they're so different though they're so
different that's it but see that's a
good question and that's you know that
less relevant for me because I love both
right I know you didn't like invisible
ink but at what Buddha wasn't because of
mark of the ninja right like I'm more on
the fence E about injuries I was all
about it and now more on the fantasy
about invisible
but yeah also market an engine invisible
ink have enough separating them these
have very similar art styles and I don't
know we didn't yeah we have the preamble
on done or whatever we didn't what oh
wait where's over yes mark of the ninja
story is Dulles potatoes potato woody
nobody gives a fuck no nobody gives a
fuck it's fantastic to be stealth
gameplay fantastic 2d stealth game
oh god it's stories but own oh so you
mean I'm less invested when I'm fuckin
slicing people in half or sneakin glad
them without killing anybody yeah yeah
another night
and assuming I had to do that no nope
what what happened you got dead I got
shot you know
look you can take cover am I supposed to
kill these guys or not yeah yeah yeah
when you tell me I should have done that
well you know you didn't oh I thought
you meant punch him to death okay I
could stab him to death okay
how many knives do you get though cuz
you get more than one he has a one
killed per knife
no no well so the the knife is either a
stabby weapon and then you get unlimited
stabs with it or you could throw it and
you get one thrown but if you throw the
knife it's an insta-kill
step
hey Matt crawl fish welcome to the
stream glad you could come along what is
this game for noobs this is deadbolts by
the makers of risk of rain and oh shit
yeah yeah you see the little pointer and
it's a it's a it's a bit of an odd I
want to call it like like side-scrolling
hotline Miami we know where it's very
it's it's it's got some action but it
also has some stealth elements and
unlike hotline Miami
it's less chaotic
hotline Miami kind of just kind of
clustering your way through the whole
thing and here it's a little every
movement is a little more purposeful how
do you switch weapons
I'm sure I'll tell you know he is cover
I'm sure it'll tell you in the next
tutorial level oh there you go no no
it's not it space
there you go spacebar much less I'm a
keyboard mouse guy I'm not used to using
WASD mm-hmm
you can swap all the stuff if you want
you can swap all the things so here's a
neat little strategic stealthy mechanic
where you can go through you can smoke
your way through air vents and toilets
and pipes water pipes to gain the
advantage are they yes they're actually
zombies these are actual zombies you're
the Grim Reaper you have an adorable
little skull face okay and these are
zombies
they have guns yeah the zombies in this
world that date
this mouthful he told us to
would have been curious in our thoughts
on what
no neither of us have played fallout
neither of us have played fallout 4 not
necessarily our type of game single
anything is able to kill you if you get
you get hit at all you're dead you did
oh I'm finally back yeah yes I am
person of mystery for you how do I talk
to you I can only turn on the light
fine then
dead both
how do you get how do you get up can you
guys not hear me sitting talking to up I
cares to know your thoughts I'm using
emulators to substantially improve the
graphics of other games it's fine why
would I feel badly about it I mean you
guys know how I feel about emulators in
general oh it's terrible you have to
play the game looking like dead or
you're you're you're a bad person well
usually when you have an emulator it
means you're stealing with it and you
know how I feel about stealing media
fine if I owned a game and I also
emulator I don't give no fucks I got a
get a fucking crate load of nest games
in a garage somewhere I'm gonna I'm
gonna go I'm gonna drive down to Chicago
as long as go and do that garage and
grab my nest game and drive back up to
Wisconsin so I can enjoy it no proof of
purchases then fine I'm you lied all you
want
mmm-hmm they said to unlock yeah you
have to talk to the fire not to the fire
run you have a step since you have to
talk to the flower market might not be
able to get our camera is annoying
flames roar alike and voice speaks
um not necessarily looking forward to
the day of the tentacle remake rich
isn't a huge fan of point-and-click
adventure games yeah and I guess you
know I played a couple I played a little
David tentacle and I'm not some bee gang
member somaye isn't my car that's your
car yeah and later you can buy different
weapons to start each level with and so
you can go in there and change your
weapons out Lord Belmont says Carl
Sagan's demon-haunted Carl Sagan's demon
hunted world science as a candle in the
dark talks about the mathematical
likelihood of coincidence and how our
minds make them significant that's the
thing we humans really like to see
patterns in things we can look at clouds
and and fun and you know find faces but
just coincidences also do you like Sam
Harris who Sam Harris spoke an atheist
guy haven't heard mushrooms and I'm sure
he's fine I've never heard of him
I'm familiar with him but that's really
about all okay honestly that's the thing
humans love patterns we love them
constellations think about
constellations
Billy
you are currently out of it did you lose
all the ammonia or the gun - she danced
well you start with a gun I do yeah the
trunk I know you can't go in the trunk
anymore cause you've already started the
mission yeah you should have had it with
you okay fair enough
you don't write you that's fair enough
nothing matters Indiana Jones number
five great good for them
let the old men make their movies you
know what's wrong now they've announced
an Indiana Jones v Spielberg and with
and Harrison Ford yeah oh he was too old
last time everyone knows that they're
gonna go to the mutt well are they
nobody wants to see mutt starring as
Indiana Jones's lame replacement know
what I'm sure is gonna happen is like
they're gonna start the movie by like
saying goodbye to mud as he goes off to
college and just forget about him for
the rest of the movie Indiana Jones and
the why God why Indiana Jones and the oh
my back and knees and hard my arthritis
oh but that's the whole title Indiana
Jones and lost aspirin Oh Indiana Jones
and the obstructed bowel Indiana Jones
in the hi room
I was I was making a joke about Indiana
Jones forgetting who he was and having
early onset dementia and talking about
his florist
yeah Indy Indiana Jones and the diaper
of doom
oh nice rich Jim McMahon has early onset
dementia Jim McMahon it's on the 85
Bears he was the quarterback okay like
50-something okay yeah that's too early
to have to get them last lets you get
for playing football that's what you get
for smashing your head against things
for a living yet I mean I feel bad
dementia example things I feel nothing
you feel nothing I mean I don't know who
he is but I am if you feel bad for just
about anyone who has dementia unless
like they're an awful person it was he
was famous for being a prick oh like a
real prick the 85 Bears kind of had
attitude issues they had personality was
what they had sure all right well you
know what then I'll reserve my judgment
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the
sunrise retirement community I like that
one oops the the 85 Bears Super Bowl
might be one of my earliest memories mmm
clear concrete memories yeah take that
yeah oh hi lighter than I haven't yeah
you have it oh wait oh yeah so look up
in the left corner okay you have the
3200 the oh and just get me more bullets
so I did I think heaven I accidentally
started this mission again
care yeah yes oh I didn't have both all
right
yeah I wonder what you did with the
other one
we got you hey Gupta got you it's you
know it's they're gonna make it we can't
stop them from making another Indiana
Jones movie Spielberg's too smart for
that they're they've they've touted it
as the first Indiana Jones movie to have
no involvement with George Lucas really
this may be will be good
I wonder if I wonder if Lucas and
Spielberg kind of falling out it seems
weird that he would even do that I think
this is just done with everything right
just doesn't care
I think yeah oh yeah I guess this would
be a Disney movie now oh yeah yeah oh
sorry telegin yes jack and rach before
the stream i had a fire down at the
beach through an old Christmas tree on
top and it exploded too kinda speaking
of which when have you nearly died I was
at Disney World and my brother nearly
hit me head-on with a motorboat mm I
remember that
when I was I don't know if I've ever
told this story when I was 14 15 I was
held up at gunpoint I didn't know this
you didn't know that
no no held up at gunpoint I was with my
mom and my little brother we're at a
grocery store in Las Vegas as part of a
big road trip we were taking it was an
awesome road trip and my mom and my
little brother were loading stuff up in
the back and I was lucky we had a
minivan and I was loading stuff
something up in the side door and I saw
two girls and one of them went to the
front door snatched my mom's purse so I
I started walking towards the other one
light like and it didn't even cross my
mind that they stolen I was like I was
gonna go up to her be like why did she
take the purse you know like it just
didn't cross my mind that they were
stealing you know like it was so
shocking so I went up to the other one
held a gun right like this far away from
my face this far away from my face told
me not to move so I didn't
Ryoga how the situation was I did shoot
you this yes I've been dead this whole
time yeah she shot me right in the face
I lost most of my face and we found it
again so we got to put it back together
which was nice so in any case that that
was probably the closest I've ever come
to really death
there's been other found things there's
been other time things know the
situation resolved you know we called
the cops apparently they had been doing
the same thing with a lot of tourists
yeah just quick snatch and grabs and run
away and there's nothing we could do
gave him the information you know yeah
we had to continue on our road trip we
were the really tough part is we were
leaving like we were going to the
grocery store to pack up the van to
leave Vegas and it was like that was the
that was the one kicking the balls right
before we had to go get in the car again
together my hair had to be amputated
that's exactly how I lost my hair right
after that I started losing my hair they
they can see when they get close but
they can you're a little more concealed
oh you know what my mom actually years
later years later got a call from Vegas
PD saying they had found her purse
really no joke no joke and we we
frequently we frequented Vegas which was
great for me because I got to play in
all the arcades but like the head chefs
yeah head shots are great instant
instant kills if you can get them
they're tough um just this guy you know
says here's money
thanks for playing a new game I don't
have time to play much so you are my
vicarious gaming experience any guesses
at Batman vs Superman Rotten Tomatoes
core I'm really curious to see it
here's what you should know I looked
this up in 69 because I was curious man
of you know Man of Steel's Rotten
Tomatoes cars 70-56 really okay which by
the way faith in humanity makes well it
also makes perfect sense it just means
that half the people going to see it
didn't like it and half did you know
doesn't that make perfect sense
sometimes the the Internet's a great
place my guess is right on opening
weekend it's gonna stay it's going to
start with a relatively high score
alright yeah and then as more and more
people see it it's going to I think it's
gonna top out at 60% it will it will do
no better than 60% I was uh I was at a
used media store the other day
I came across a copy of Man of Steel for
really cheap yeah and I keep telling
myself like uh before Batman vs Superman
I really want to re-watch Man of Steel
and like try to understand it cuz I
really disliked it but it's like maybe
maybe I was being harsh and before I go
see dawn of Justice which I've
eventually I'll see I should really give
Man of Steel another charm they had one
for super cheap there so I bought it
and I felt I felt really bad it's just
sitting on my desk now looking at me
going oh I got it watching me okay so
now you have a sawed-off shotgun and a
hammer but if you look you sawed-off
shotgun only bullets grabbing the
sawed-off shotgun so I do I mean the
Hammers how you do that right
I shoot lights yes you can chew lights
I've watched Man of Steel a few times to
make sense of it it doesn't help
I'm sorry beer Meister it's I feel
compelled and I don't know why I feel so
compelled but I definitely feel
compelled to just try to figure it out
maybe you should have been harsher on
Man of Steel and you wouldn't be in the
situation I would I'm very harsh on Man
of Steel I think it's a really bad movie
that's why I want to re-watch it this is
your bullets no it's not a bad game and
and the levels get progressively more
and more challenging and you get more
weapons and it all progresses very
nicely deadbolt
like I said which is my problem is I
just I just keep comparing it to risk of
rain and I understand that that's my
problem
Batman fights Superman for two hours
then a monster shows up and suddenly
they are all friends yeah yeah well no
shit no I mean and you got you know it's
going to be exactly one hour of brooding
exactly one hour of fighting each other
and then a half an hour of fighting a
monster you know I'm all out of fucks to
give about mana about dawn of justice
yeah you know what I can do within that
we shouldn't the more we talk about it
this is for you out there Internet the
more we talk about it the more publicity
we give it
did you guys get an advance screening
yes like we always do why would people
even think that because the movie
reviewers generally get in a game screen
we are not in the round in the same
realm as movie reviewers and so no never
I don't think I don't think Jane mic
have ever gotten an advance screening of
anything not for a review Mike used to
work at a movie theater oh that's right
that's right
I threw Mike I saw like The Phantom
Menace a couple days early
same with the tack of the clone so it
was a little bit more reluctant than
that one and then I don't think he was
working at the theater anymore on one
Revenge of the suit that came out but I
was still dragged kicking and screaming
to see the movie with Emma Jane I so did
not want to go see it
so yeah there's never there's never any
any sort of early screening to make sure
the review is out for the release date
kind of thing and I you know what I
don't think it's because like Jay and
Mike are overly harsh or anything I just
think they don't have the contacts they
don't play within the system so if you
want what if you want to exit out of
here
oh the button you can't see the point I
can't see this because the camera is
right there I head out that door
Ariana's done
that's this is where you can bind the
weapons and you have 70 souls I'll go nd
these all go in the trunk
but you can only have one primary and
one secondary to start every lab to
start every level
is Sara
you know I didn't see the new
Cloverfield movie I've not been out to
see a movie in a while except for when I
went to go see my neighbor totoro I
still haven't seen dead
time no time
there's no time for anything yeah yeah
it was great my neighborhood theater was
playing my neighbor totoro so I took my
boys to go see it it was awesome
they loved it what a beautiful movie
that is would you watch a Batman vs
Superman if it was Michael Keaton's
Batman
I would watch but if it was Michael
Keaton's Batman and Christopher Reeve
Superman
I would absolutely go see that Batman
but that wouldn't be called Batman vs.
Superman that would be called two
awesome people team-up in the fight
crime it would have a very different
mood to it I'm trying to I'm trying to
think of when this I'm not I'm not I'm
not mr. aunt I uh came dropped I got his
fucking name current Batman what's his
fucking name
yeah I'm not anti n flick oh I'm not
anti yeah well see how he does I think
Affleck has some potential he's got some
possibilities I like him as an actor
I like him as an actor I'm excited that
he spent a lot of time reworking the
script because I think he's a talented
writer and for bigger guys like that
headshots might not insta-kill but they
will kill him quicker yeah you know no I
don't think a flex the problem I don't
think Harvey Cavell or Harry Cabella
Harry Campbell
I don't think Harry Campbell will be a
problem I think you know he can be fine
I think Zack Snyder is the problem and
his this vision of like the dark and
brooding Superman is the problem and
part of that is because that's not the
Superman I grew up with you know
so I'm willing to take part of the
responsibility the drugs do it's just
the mission the mission is to say you
know you can save that until after you
killed everyone if you want but do you
bleed
what was the what's the one do you lead
well you were rich that line nerd was
great rich Evan says the new Batman I
just yeah you know why are we talking
about that why are we talking about that
because you know what was confirmed
recently what that Kevin Conroy and Mark
Hamill are confirmed for The Killing
Joke killing Joe why aren't we talking
about that we're talking about Batman
because it's an animated movie so what
it's gonna be infinitely better because
the people involved are good and the
story involved we know is good that's
true now I give a fuck what Hollywood
shoving down my throat when it comes to
Batman probably know affleck batman is
gonna be a fun ass-kicking batman that's
not too serious I mean at least I mean I
I mean like in a kind of comic book II
ultra violent way not like not like deep
seriously written way just gonna be bad
man who runs in and just beats everyone
is that what you want though no we can
Jack to shame
puny Superman Superman freak Batman
building Batman breaks Superman
oh yeah go if you're going in looking
for a hole Camus V in your mind every
characters and then you got a you got a
great movie gobbledygook says my god
that took a lot of bullets Congrats to
rich on the no pause FTL right thank you
we I did it rich showed me just the end
of it of him squeaking through that no
pause run definitely congratulations did
you know there's a Batman vs Superman
tournament this Saturday March 19th in
DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's free
how does this tournament work you do be
going to beat up people like this about
you I just like it I just like it
let's shop psycho blows well it's look
how far away you I figured they would
hurt more people not Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam
Oh can I stab them now what are what are
our thoughts on the dark night movies
want ones all right two's really good
the third sucks once one is Blom what is
Blom sure because Christian Bale sucks
uh-huh what is good because Heath Ledger
does not suck there we go
the other ones okay Dark Knight Rises is
is I have not seen a Christopher Nolan
movie since the Dark Knight Rises
because it left such a bad taste in my
mouth he's only made one but I didn't
see interstellar because I just didn't
want to deal with that hump I really
hated the Dark Knight Rises
welcome some lights only going a little
bit I guess light angle is the thing
yeah the door opened and the light from
there came well sometimes the light only
goes in a little bit oh why Saiga's
light angle
no is it thing lighting goal I didn't
see it her so you know why they don't
give a shit about it Chris Nolan Dark
Knight Rises was so bad it's so bad and
you know especially coming from Dark
Knight which I think was brought was
pretty tight and character focused
he's gonna steal a night yeah I thought
okay somebody knives - I hate this
fucker you know I think like you can get
like if you get like two shots in his
head I don't want to alert everybody I
want to do it's stuffy oh well then the
knife is quiet I assume the knife is
quiet but if he panics the others might
panic too like he might go out if he
screams so you'll have to grab the nice
invite and stab them over there do a
quick quick weapon swap oh I did see
that moon front yes I'm so excited about
that wish there is a blood-borne themed
card game in the works
I love card games that love deck
building games is my blood born without
the gameplay laughs I Got News for You
old man Evans here can't hang on I was
setting shadow the shadow doesn't mean
you are invincible rich it just means
you're harder to see bullshit get with
the times
that's bullshit get with the times
that's not video game logic that's video
game logic get with him being designed
by Eric lang the guy who designed the
XCOM board game which I have played we
have the the answer is for when it comes
out will we play it on stream yes
absolutely
hopefully it'll come out hopefully it'll
come out before October maybe we'll do
like a spooky I have a lot I have a lot
of horror board games at the moment now
go and say I'm good just go stab him
while I was back in Stern you'll get
like two stabs in well he's now looking
I understood didn't trust myself enough
for that you got it you gotta go fast
oh look oh the other guys are down here
now that's probably better what are you
wait
all the guys are down here now I'm
excited about the bloodborne card game
yes I
it looks fun it's it's uh he said he
wanted to design it with the video game
in mind and so he's like there's gonna
be a lot of death there's gonna be a lot
of replaying it's gonna be frustrating
and that sounds great
did you see the episode of Bill Maher
were Ben Affleck kept ignorant ly
defending Islam the guy that knew what
he was actually talking about that ethic
Oh gross and raises his Sam Harris oh no
this is Bill Maher still have a show
probably what did Bill Maher do no
because they mumble do that I know cuz
it's it's like it's just talking about
defending Islam and it's just like
that's just gonna bring up a shitstorm
bill did you see the episode of Bill
Maher where Ben Affleck's kept ignorant
ly defending Islam the guy that knew
what he was actually talking about that
Affleck called gross and racist is Sam
hair so Sam Harris must have also been
on the show
much range for that fucking knife do you
throwing you drawing it oh yeah I think
you threw it at the floor no I it just
lost you should have been able to hit
him did you hit a corpse instead you
might have had a corpse instead and I
don't know if he directly defended it
because I haven't heard it I don't think
it's a very good religion I don't think
it has very good things there there are
Islamic countries where you can be put
to death for not believing that's true
that's true
it's terrible religion well terrible
yeah you know III think that there are
extreme there are extremes and I think
to say the things that can be said about
Islam can be said about many religions
so singling out this one of course it's
it's happening now you know is they're
ordering murdering people is happening
now is the cause of Islam a Christian
country where you could be executed for
not believing a Christianity is there
China for not believing in Christianity
it might be true I don't I think it is I
don't you think the communist country
the biggest communist country on earth
puts people to death for not believing
in Christianity I believe they're very
Christian in China somewhat that
someone's gonna tell me I'm wrong
everybody's going to tell you you're
wrong you think uh-huh can we just stop
that I think we should China was it
isn't China very Christian Who am I
thinking of China is not a Christian
country uh-huh what about what about
that guy who just shot a bunch of people
because he was very Christian here in
America
was not just the thing
oh I'm thinking of Antarctica right
Antarctica puts people with death
because they're Christians yeah that guy
who just shot up the the abortion clinic
because God told him to because they
were saving babies and God told him to
I'm not saying I'm not saying charities
great yeah I'm saying they're both
terrible I'm just saying I think Islam
is worse well cuz just math was cuz it's
happening right now
numbers wise I don't give a shit about
the Crusades because that happened a
thousand years ago
sure sure Christian there's a Christian
movement that's fairly strong but it's
Underground
okay I know you know you know me I go on
a general rule of if you ain't bothering
nobody do what you do yeah so if you're
if you're a Muslim person and you ain't
bothering nobody yeah you do it to do
right never a point claim that all
Muslims are terrible because that would
be ignorant wrong right right but but in
saying that you know like the Muslim
religion as a whole is a terrible thing
you're kind read the book huh read the
book I'm just I'm just I'm that's what I
wanted you to get to that exact
statement that gray area standing that's
a lot of stabbing you might you might
need to shoot him or go in the other
entrance first
you could go the other way first he's
got knives and shotguns that way and I
got two people I got a shoot in the face
this way yeah I saw that Star Trek and
acts are getting sued by Paramount yeah
the the fan of the Star Trek fan film
which look once you once you once you go
to Kickstarter for your Star Trek fan
film do they go to cakes that I think
they did and then there was something
that went to Kickstarter in a Star Trek
fan film and Paramount came down and
them because at that point you are
taking money for someone else's property
yeah absolutely
they have to defend their copyright yes
agreed I didn't know they were taking
money I just thought fair amount was was
coming down on them
then again I think start reading
continues had a Kickstarter - nothing
happens I don't know maybe they weren't
as popular I don't know
yeah you can't you can't take money for
for making a fan film for taking someone
else's intellectual property
I think the mr. Pibb says I think the
thing that got paramount on wasn't them
taking money to make it but then selling
cups merch whatever with the name out
absolutely well then then you get the no
shit territory
exactly exactly then you get into the no
shit territorial
than someone else is saying apparently
the people making the fan film we're
talking to Paramount all throughout the
process of making it and then paramount
suddenly turned around and hit them with
on their property yep it's their
property you can't you can't sell stuff
if you don't own that stuff if they
suddenly decide well we don't want
somebody playing with our toys after all
yeah it's kind of there right yeah bill
la hecka hey guys I have an advanced
screening pass to Batman V Superman on
Monday congratulations congratulations
the last Batman vs Superman trailer
featuring Affleck as an Arkham like
Batman with taking on multiple foes and
stealth combat gave me hope I know hope
all ye enter go in with low expectations
and then you can be surprised
but you know much like much like my my
constantly comparing you know this to
risk of rain I'm no good at this by the
way yeah yeah you can get there you you
know what you'll find it you have to
that mouse cursor needs to be on their
heads is is something you should be
thinking about if that mouse cursor on
their heads
don't just line-of-sight it
Your Honor rich you are on it
yeah I just don't have I don't have high
hopes and I know the movies that Zack
Snyder's made I know the Superman movies
anyway
Thanks nice
oh yeah leftover beefcake is drinking
the grapefruit sculpin which is fine
it's I think the regular sculpin is the
is the superior of the two the
grapefruits cup and it almost tastes
like rind like grapefruit rind and then
you know if you've read the if you read
the ingredients they use the rind and so
it's a little bitter it's a little tart
so beefcake next time you're at the
liquor store see if they have just a
regular sculpin you're gonna like that a
lot better and make sure that you're
pouring the grapefruit sculpin into a
glass that releases more of the aroma I
like death scar quite a bit it's a cool
car yeah that's a cool ass car
absolutely it's very difficult in the
the Jung and the restless' says shut up
jack and no I won't ever you early how
was this stuff I shot him in the head
why are they not activated I don't
understand
detection in this game I'll be honest
with you I think that needs work
whoops I'm drinking straight from the
bottle
always with craft beer always pour into
a glass that release that release of the
what's in it co2 yes the release of
whatnot is what opens the they say they
say to pour it in a glass because it
opens up the flavor I want like a bubble
of sound so I know where I'll be heard
you get no bubble rich I'm sorry
and I'm trying to remember how I did
this level so I can give you some
pointers I definitely killed the bouncer
first the good guy down here yeah I got
a nice pretty much free kill up here
sure take that ah okay so I see so that
guy was close to the door that time so
yeah he got activated and now he's
activated the other guy so you have to
wait until he's over by a closer to the
stairs
hey weird question what if I sent rlm a
DVD for best of the worst and it doesn't
have a case is a generic case okay
here's what I'd say is find a generic
DVD case and make up your own cover art
or you know find the cover out and print
it out and put it in the generic DVD
case if it's just a DVD you we'd
probably be less likely to even look at
it so find some bootleg cover art or
make your own cover I'll draw funny
pictures just this guy you know says I
sent a bunch of these to rlm for no
apparent reason just curious what
happened to them has a link oh these
what do you want oh yeah did you you
guys got these right think so they're
like they're like party grow grow
capsules you know you put them in water
and they grow expand just this guy you
know we did to get them I think Mike was
playing with them so I cannot give them
to my kids because Mike has already
played with them
we still don't know what that box is no
one has claimed responsibility for the
box
so like you see how the circle gets
bigger that's like your the area of
randomness
we did actually open a box today oh did
you if some guy made some props and
they're like related to remember Aloise
coal like it like ancient artifacts
related to the demon eloise coal Oh
brief clown the grief clown yes the
grief clown yeah he made some some like
artifacts to the death goddess a Louie's
cold oh I want to see those before I
leave
that's great downstairs on the big table
oh I'm gonna take him out do we actually
go in blind for best the worst stuff for
you preview it quickly first I have
started previewing we love the worst
tapes yes because we've gotten enough of
them that are just bland that we can't
say anything interesting about that it's
yeah it's kind of necessary but movies
never never screen a movie no never
never you and you know but we've also
developed a bit of a a bit of a sense
about what will be good for best of the
words you know you can kind of tell by
the cover you can kind of tell by the
the description oh and if you already
have that gun it just we can also refill
yeah oh no and you have no idea how much
wheel does suck doing it because we will
usually watch a few more that don't make
it to the final episode because they're
just so bland I won't say usually it's
70 times it's happened to every time
I've been there
I haven't done maybe there a couple
times I've only been there a couple of
times I changed your pistol and just
unloaded on him that's not weight that's
how we got Shoji we wear that florence
henderson video yeah that was just so
blend you say you put on makeup you spun
it again no oh my god we got shows you
that time nice don't forget to change
out your pistol
your pistol
yeah I wanted to use all from that one
first look
is that why some of the things on the
wheel I've just dropped the wheel
refresh with all new stuff some of them
yeah
actually no that's not why actually we
started we started changing off the
wheel every episode because part of it
is going through and reading off the
names and we didn't want the same
fucking tapes every time sure that's the
actual reason we start change of the
wheel gobbledygook when you have time
check out the trailer to the mermaid the
most successful Chinese film ever and
currently the number two highest
grossing film of 2016
really alright alright the mermaid heist
grow a highest-grossing film of the year
or second highest-grossing film of the
year you know I'll check out your mom oh
snap rich Oh smithy
have you found a new I need strategy I'm
a mad stabby Stratton
okay stage is clear go back oh because I
got all of the the drugs oh okay yeah
that's all you need to do is get the
drugs there is gonna be a completionist
Jack sure gotta be a completely sure is
it it's almost time to stand up when did
we start the stream
where did I get that email hold on I
want to say it's almost almost time to
stand up oh yes it is it has been an
hour everyone please stop it will do you
good
if you are able to

[Part II]
yes beefcake get another grapefruit beer
how beefcake how how does the how does
it taste
have you noticed a big taste difference
since you started pouring it into a
glass I am a good sing I am a good good
singer and I enjoy singing which I
probably shouldn't why a it's true let
me tell you by the way speaking of a
wild thing appears my Pokemon team is
fucking rocking it rocking
what
it takes about seven well that's all
right here a couple beers anyway my
Pokemon team is doing great
they're all level twenty now mu is
unstoppable and I haven't even learned
any psychic moves yet like just using
the pound that the Mew comes with you is
virtually unstoppable it's great
if you like deck-building games have I
ever play the DC version no because I'm
a Marvel person I really enjoy Marvel
legendary Marvel legendary is one of my
favorites at the moment and I'm really
really excited like we I play that just
just me and my wife we play that
sometimes just because it's we have so
much fun but we're marvel people we're
marvel
we've always been preferable
preferential we've always been
preferential to Marvel and so I haven't
played the DC one damn right jim breuer
and ski the deadbolt soundtrack is great
great mu is really good early but later
on his only benefit is being able to run
every TM but his stats news stats that
and they're great and he can learn any
TM so he can beat he can dominate
there's some great strats mr. sister
Pfister what has a quite has a has a gun
to your head choose one number one you
have to go down on a woman with blue
waffles what's blue waffles okay okay
well you have to go down on one with
blue waffle till she has three orgasms
to a disease to homeless man sucks your
dick three caught urinating near school
and put on list what caught urinating
near school and put on list I can only
like Oh sex predator I don't want that
for sure
arrows those are always dumb thank you
for donating but those questions are
always so dumb you know what I don't
know um I don't know what blue waffle
czar and I don't want to Google it
because I don't want to be put on a
different list
option D take the bullet or or try to
wrestle the gun all right I would try to
wrestle the gun away that's right to
wrestle the gun away cuz he's if he's
got like right up next to my head yeah
he's within grabbing range it's kind of
dumb yeah you don't want to be a gun is
a ranged weapon you don't want to be
that close you want to be that close
with a knife right your your advantage
is the range yes agreed
collecting data says my twin sister is
watching the stream tonight but not
chatting can you say hello to Susan
hello Susan or as I like to call her
collecting more well hello collecting
lore Susan the twin sister welcome to
the stream hopefully you're having a
good time and hopefully you know you're
not to put off by the by us talking
about homeless men sucking our dicks or
blue waffles whatever those are don't
Google it put channel list effectively
I'm not really talking about responding
somebody else is talking that's true all
right let's see anonymous if you had to
choose 720p resolution and 60 frames a
second or 820 P and 30 frames a second
you have to choose yeah
720 at 60 frames a second or 1080 at 30
frames a second and here's my answer if
it's a game 720 at 60 if it's a if it's
movie or TV 1080 at 30 I assume
Anonymous is talking about games I can't
give you an honest answer without saying
like a side by side comparison I would
say 720 and hands down at 60 frames a
second hands down probably yeah that's
gonna run way smoother probably and
remember that 60 frames a second isn't
just about how much you see it's also
about Mouse interactions I've seen games
that run 30 and I'm like that looks fine
sure so I don't know I really don't know
well that well I think that like this is
a gun to your head situation work for
there for the rest of the year like a
really fast-paced game yeah you know
maybe you want a 60 then but if you know
this is all I'm saying is for the rest
of the year you need to make this choice
like 30 frames per second that's
basically every PlayStation 2 game right
and my Rhino knows I think I think zone
of the enders tube famously got into the
60s I could be wrong about that I could
easily be wrong I have just literally no
idea I wouldn't kid Katherine cathode
ray tube right my god they're right CTR
TVs yeah could they even display beyond
30 frames per second no I know so
basically every console game before the
HDTV was capped at 30 frames per second
right
actually they were captain they were
can't even less because of the interlace
yeah so they were capped at like 15
frames a second than interlaced or no no
yeah they did 60 frames a second but
they were interlaced so came out at 30
frames a second okay entirely wrong as
usual fuck off I'm not a technician yes
and I said I got it wrong I got it
backwards NES was 60 frames a second
yeah TV shows were like you know 30
frames per second right
am I wrong above it TV shows yeah if the
if the TVs couldn't display fan well I'm
sorry I didn't know I didn't find out
the exact specifications it looks fine
that's like yeah let's find out looks
flat alright well that's the thing about
about consoles is yes they ran at 60
frames per second but they only
displayed at 30 frames a second
is very strange yes okay we had a couple
tips we'll get to those ah
all right the blue waffle is a shock
image so look I'm definitely not
googling that also Eric Lang has made a
lot of good games so his blood-borne
games should be all right at least I'm
very excited about the blood-borne game
I like card games and I like blood-borne
no-brainer no-brainer for me I'm gonna
get it I started following him on
Twitter just so I can make sure I know
when it's coming when it's coming out oh
my god I know
okay where are we two things I want
they're leaving La Mancha orange says
two things I want at Rich's wedding one
an anonymous ring bearer wearing a Darth
Vader helmet dry-humping a joy droid all
the way down that aisle why the fuck
would anyone want that do you think the
ball be do you think Karen would allow
that it's not an issue because it's not
gonna happen okay
there's gonna be nothing Star Wars at my
wedding I'll tell you that okay
oh let's see maybe number two maybe
number two they want your wedding vows
to include do you bleed and then you
could be like because I'll bandage you
up all right great
Craig good nation hey guys I love the
stream and prereq even though I
sometimes disagree with your opinions or
maybe I love prereq purely because
sometimes I disagree with your opinions
keep up the good work
oh thank you thank you sir egg nation
it's okay to have disagreements
you can all be civil ah can we uh we
should be sometimes sometimes it is fun
to get a little uh sometimes it's fun to
get a little riled up but we have to
make sure we remain friends uh where
were we Oh atomic mouse trap the novelty
of tipping an actor is too much for me
to resist rich yes thank you for space
cop you're welcome
yes thank all of you first base cover
can you confirm that Jack and rich are
going to be starring in a hypothetical
twins remake absolutely absolutely what
was I just thinking about cuz we were
talking about gun to your head where's
my a notebook
what was it called I finally got around
to watching the most wonderful
documentary the other day yeah all right
I write things down to talk about in
stream when we've run out of things to
talk about but also just to remind me of
stuff those are called back to the
source have you heard of this it's it's
the it's the documentary about kima the
historical European martial arts and
it's documentary all about these people
who spend all of their time trying to
realistically recreate fighting
techniques from the Middle Ages
okay so likes you know the use of swords
and sort Thor get it right Lisa forth
kima H II AM a historical European
martial arts and you can watch this
documentary for free on YouTube got back
to the source right
back to the source and the I was sold on
this documentary because they kept it
was sold to me by other people saying
like oh they go through like what movies
get wrong and how like the way people
sword fight in movies is historically
inaccurate and these people who do it
for real and that's actually a very
small part of the documentary it's
mostly just about these nuts people who
try to like decipher old French text
books on fencing you know yeah it's like
real-life LARP and it wasn't what I
thought it was going to be it wasn't
that a commentar I thought it was gonna
be which I thought was gonna be a lot
about fighting and it was mostly just
about this organization but I thought it
was really well-made and a good watch
especially if you like action movies
yeah they're kind of walking around
they used to fence to the death so if
you ever get a free hour and a half go
to that YouTube's and watch some watch
them back to the source good stuff good
stuff
Caesarion fart rich jack have you guys
ever considered doing a full stream with
rich in character as mr. blinken if you
ever do I would recommend playing a
Leisure Suit Larry game to go along with
it I did never had crossed my mind no
are people like sick of my planking I
could do that a lot for my explain it
well you know I think I think they're
split that was your shoot me I'm gonna
restart that was your fault completely
I'm terrible at this game is there a
quick restart button
Oh Phoenix oh let's see here added a
Michael Cote CA dear Jack enriched
during production of a half in the bag
or best of the worst episode what was
your favorite piece to film mine would
have to be the ending of the 2012
ketchup episode with all the booze what
was it what was the favorite thing what
was your favorite thing you've ever
gotten to film there's a general rule
filming is always miserable coming up
with ideas of things to fill this fun
yeah actually filming is almost always
miserable and and tedious and repetitive
or sometimes you're covered with fake
blood in a warehouse where it's 32
degrees that was not a lot of fun and a
lot of times the stuff that looks the
funnest what it's done is the worst to
actually film so my answer is gonna be
nothing the the the ending of our age of
Ultron that was no fun to film J kept
handing me sausage chunks and he said
they were gonna look like intestines I
was covered in cold blood our chairs got
messed up I gave you a whole list of
like the worst things yeah do that no
there's this one time where they throw
brick at me and I'm holding up like a
porcelain platter they throw a brick
yeah and the bricks coming through the
window oh yeah yeah and it shattered the
porcelain platter ribs in my hands cut
my finger extremely bad I'm bleeding I'm
like holding my head up you know you're
supposed to when you have a cut you hold
your hand over your head oh no Mike ever
like mad at me like there are matter
because I'm holding my hand I was like I
was like making them squeamish after I
cut my film finger and was bleeding
profusely they were actually upset at me
for making them feel bad cuz I was
holding my hand over my head putting
pressure on the wound that would not
stop leading yeah no that's yeah this is
terrible because you survived that's
fine it's a funny story
dickhead
yeah I'm probably probably one of the
the best bits in half the best skits we
film was the V be able to have one oh
yeah that was a great one that was
miserable to film yes it's absolutely
miserable and I was gonna point to that
as I was there only for a little bit of
that filming yeah I could help out for a
little bit but I had to go for some
reason and it was very fast and it was
very it's very chaotic and like the way
that Mike and Jay film thing is usually
not planned out you know they just kind
of know what they're looking for so then
it's you should just echo over here and
move over to the left and right okay now
we're shooting this now this is what
you're doing thank you this is what
you're doing
okay now go over here you know it's so
it's it's all it can get a little hectic
and frustrating
yes leftover beefcake mailman Tommy is
underrated
man oh man Tommy is an underrated
character and I hope he makes a comeback
I wanted to bring mailman Tommy back do
you remember do you remember that the
ghost girl who would scream there goes
there was a screamer basically she
looked like one of the ring girls Jays
ghost girlfriend Jays goes girlfriend
yeah yeah I wanted a love triangle
between Jay his ghost girlfriend and
ghost mailman Tommy
wait maybe Tommy's not oh man man tell
me he's got hacked to bits that's right
yeah I got that he died I don't know why
mailman Tommy hasn't come back but he
should have he definitely should have
agreed agreed
maybe one day mailman time that was
nicely done
well the rest won't be that's right it
was if that was in a very early episode
my mailman Tommy episode for anyone who
doesn't know I'd like the the bit was I
was a very nice I hate those fucking big
guys they're terrible you got to get him
in the head I was who was very nice I
was a very nice and courteous mailman
and Mike and a war assholes to me that
was the whole joke I thought it was a
funny bed it was funny good there's no
thinking about it it was a funny bed no
anonymous says it has a very important
question rich what do you think about
games so we're good to some learn what
do you want what you want I enjoy
spending my time playing them drink more
Ovaltine krokodil Brian hey guys mr.
stream this weekend as I was playing
Firewatch I couldn't stop playing it I
still love you guys even if rich doesn't
consider it a game keep up the great
work you fucks thank you thank you very
much thank you very much I'm glad you
liked it I liked it too crocodile brain
I thought it was I thought it was a good
time good narrative rich disagrees and
that's fine and that's fine it's okay
collecting data are you comparing us can
you open this question to the chat best
prereq streams of all time from the for
newer fans what Sabrina I don't know
what that question means are you asking
me what I think the better our best
stream was we've done just so many at
this point that's done Wilson is fun I
still like the was it the same night but
it was don't shit your pants and co-op
maybe maybe don't shoot your pants and
co-op in one night I think it's pretty
pretty amazing and I saw earlier today
someone someone has a spreadsheet of all
the games we've ever played on
previously recorded this right here rich
yeah number 200 this one this one right
here we have officially played 200 games
nice
I think that's grab me now it is nice
that is nice that's great
leaving lunch yeah oh you know what
actually before I get to you leaving La
Mancha yeah personally you know what my
favorite stream is Space Quest yeah me
playing Space Quest like I don't think
rich was in the room for any of that
like you Skyped in for most of that I
think so me just just playing space
quests and having a great time
loving text adventure games that's just
my that's my personal favorite because I
really enjoy playing the game but I
still think that don't shoot your pants
in co-op might have been the most
entertaining leaving La Mancha sorry
Jack now that you've got me now you've
got me curious about your planket and
just how long you can keep it up the
voice not plankin keeping him up all
depends on if he's taking his stuff
I don't think I do a very good point
good voice it's a great place I have a
brother-in-law
this isn't a very good this isn't even a
very good point of acceptable god
fastest all corrected at the last banks
of my fun
I dunno I don't do a very good thing to
place but it's great great voice
I hate shotgun guys they make this game
miserable the shotgun guys make this
game not fun they make this came not fun
I hate them
you need to try some different straps
what are your strats for the shotgun
guys shoot them until they don't die
well shoot them until they're done right
in obvious until they don't die cuz they
don't die well yeah you need a tommy gun
go down and get the time again throw
that they they shrug that off like blink
like like pop gun like I said shoot
number the pop gun yeah that young ball
gun nothing there's nothing I I don't
know I don't know
I don't remember uh you and you do have
$100 you can go buy a different weapon
there's a there's a headshot er weapon
that deals more powerful headshots
there's um there's other weapons that
you can get that might help you
upgrading your gear is pretty important
I remember talking to Mike very early on
about the blanket stuff it was like
after one after like the generations
review came out yeah it was after we
were shooting a feeding frenzy bit like
one of the generations reviews come out
or I don't know maybe the Star Wars when
I'd come out at that point I forget but
just talking about how like important
that voice was because everyone wanted
to do that voice you know it's great
what a great voice that rich invented
I'll always have Don Wilson always have
Don Dan Wilson Dan Don Danny Wilson I
don't know what TV Tropes dot-org is
that's a site that sucks in your soul
and doesn't let you leave for at least
at least five hours Oh apparently there
is a previously recorded section of it
now oh great that's great
don the dragon Wilson Don Danny Wilson's
oh yeah you got a shotgun now okay I
think you got it you got to kill those
to go down and kill those two but Tommy
gun I've tried the Tommy gun like five
times and I'm loaded clip onto them and
it does nothing and I hate it
here's your best bet
I hate going home going up and down the
stairs fucks with your cursor I hate
that too by the way it because it moves
your cursor relative to where you are I
also hate that I agree I don't believe
it was but I will ask him rich yeah was
the original plinking voice inspired by
Buffalo Bill no what was the original
voice inspired by trying to sound as
crazy as I could because we're making a
weird-ass movie where I was talking to
Mike and Ashley Olsen and the more
bizarre the person they were talking to
the better the creepier and the weirder
yeah yeah there originally its honored
it's not a more not quite done Wilson
was a bit more mike-mike toned it down a
lot when he did the reviews because he
had to have people understand what he
was saying yeah I think originally
played it was a bit more unrestrained
there's a little dog oh my god we're
gonna buy crab meat again your cameras
all apart in the floor and it was oh so
higher-pitched might have been yeah
things change over time yeah so just it
was just trying to sound bizarre
because the original it wasn't a serial
killer right right it was just some
weirdo who wanted Murray cave Ashley
Olsen to fix his broken cabinet and find
his missing medicine she had his hands
the more senile than than terrain van
oïleus than homicidal right right
definitely deranged okay here's what I
think you got to do playing the game
yeah I agree
I wouldn't say that hold on first of all
anonymous says has anyone at rlm seen
the zeitgeist movies I don't even know
what those are are those are those
things that Google makes at the end of
each year the zeitgeist
oh my god - Jack you should play the
Vedic game the soul sacrifice Delta it's
about some dude who sits in a cage
waiting to be sacrificed by Merlin while
a sassy Necronomicon teaches him magic
so we can fight back that sounds fun
that sounds fun learn magic I don't I
don't like the name then the name makes
me think of a JRPG you know fuck mages
fuck mages and everything they fucking
stand for yeah yeah I'm okay with them
you know what I like I like next girl
necromancer's just recently a fucking
mage yeah corpse mage the corpse mage
it's still a fucking bitch okay so go
back down here's what I think you got to
do with that time again yeah you go jump
up those stairs when that guy's close
and make sure you shoot him right in the
fucking head like wait till he turns
right in the fucking head get that other
guy then drop back down before the other
big guys until he turns up go shoot a
man head oh oh that didn't work well cuz
you shot like twice you didn't do
nothing
I held that it's a tommy gun I held down
the button I couldn't shoot any faster
what the fuck you want you missed him
you missed his head I liked it I liked
the idea of like the idea of using a
Skellington arm like what are they doing
nothing raising up an army of the Dead
you know what I'd do I'd raise up an
army of the undead of puppies everybody
would think they were cute
you're pretty day
you can do it no I really can't okay no
this says rich and Jack are the best I
mean that's true obviously Jack I enjoy
how you sometimes naturally end up
playing the straight man in rlm shows
you know I just think I might be one of
the more normal ones here I also love
your Russian kicker video yes that's a
great one thank you rich you are like a
tasty slice of man meat okay I'd like to
tell you that I agree all right let's
see here VAR Vey 77 hey Jack and rich
I'm wondering if you ever played the
baldur's gate D&D; game from back in the
late 90s not my favorite turn-based RPGs
definitely recommended no and I never
play daddy
Deanna Jones and the giant ants dancing
Jack trigger joy said is not true I love
pizza rolls ie pizza rolls probably more
often than I should as an adult but I
still love them and I think you're a
crazy person
I get that cursor on well then oh please
the glooms the second I go up the stairs
I hate that I despise that you should
hate that you should hate that
you kind of gotta like find the area
relative to where you are then when you
go up it'll be about there
yes more often than I should equals at
all as an adult I should not eat pizza
rolls I'm going down the stairs and the
cursor moving is fucking awful give me
your fucking awful from your mouse pad
whoa whoa okay I can do this what are
those things
he opens doors yeah
now everyone keep in mind I have been
playing this game a lot more than my
chess I'll keep that mine just in case I
did something really phenomenal chaos
Rodney says you guys ever played
Kingdoms of Amalur reckoning I am
thinking of picking it up on Steam it is
an RPG done by a famous author and Todd
McFarlane art well no because Todd
McFarlane art that's that's an instant
know by yep
why is he demeaning himself by drawing
in this day and age Todd McFarlane yeah
time of from a nerd that obviously means
he hired somebody to draw it right it's
opening doors is hard on a keyboard like
you ever see him try and draw a fight
scene I do say try
is anyone in our LM Irish this is
someone in the chat does it sound like
we're talking with an Irish educated
lootable we're all American that's
having this conversation with killing
today yeah just kind of bullshit what I
mean ancestry is just kind bullshit my
my ancestors came from Scotland so the
fuck what
how does that impact you or your life in
any way right
my great-great-great great-grandfather
was the Archduke of Scotland
well isn't that big step down for you
like it has nothing to do with you your
ancestry ah you know it came from you
care about you like that where you came
from you came from your mother's womb
well yeah but some people care some
people care about stuff like that
except they are your ancestors look if
if the sins of the father should not be
visited upon the son that's like a
saying right neither neither should as
accomplishments then matter where the
fuck your genes came from matters what
matters is what you're doing now rich
that's deep you didn't hear nothing you
didn't need another big guy I don't want
you talking about you didn't hear
nothing go upstairs ancestry is more
interesting than this game probably yeah
you know it's uh it's just interesting
that it knows it's like trivia so yeah
that's like masturbation what ancestry
yeah oh that's right by this point I
might have been using this you can buy a
suppressed pistol unless people come to
check on their where we get the
headhunter what do you want the
headhunter hey fuck you want I did a
suppressed pistol and then eventually I
got the site he was great
extremely powerful headshots homes five
bullets let's try that I did the I did
the suppressed pistol on my run so we're
gonna give this head shatter
you know what we're just gonna try to
make it through this level that's gonna
be our goal for now you know people like
the kiss beyond Irish shirts no I'm
willing to bet they've never even been
to Ireland they never seen Ireland right
they don't know what life is like in
Ireland right yet they're there they're
trying to claim it as part of their
identity and I I think that's kind of
bullshit I I am a good part Irish yeah
I'm at least a quarter and I don't give
a fuck yeah I guess what I'm saying is
I'm with you like you know unless unless
it's a big thing for your family like oh
my mother would tell me stories of my
grandparents like I know who the fuck
cares my mother's side that's German and
Irish and I'm only assuming that because
of the names I don't really know because
I don't care sure and on my dad's side
I'm I don't fucking know or care
all right we got the headhunter now I
gotta be very shot though Evans is a
Welsh name all right so what does that
mean no question ultimately so what I
feel a deep personal connection with a
people that I've never met then a
culture I know nothing about the Welsh
where is where is Welsh I assume that
somewhere in the UK sure
where where where is that I have just no
idea well it's just like the name of the
people where they from are they from
Walsh from Walsh where are they from
I figured it out
I figured I would have to do with I'm
kind of being an asshole help I'm
exaggerating
for comedy but I could not point you to
Wales on a map they actually that that
would not that would not happen and I
did I did know it was Wales
so they'll come down here look around
right cuz I shot these two guys cuz I
got the head shatter so you can kill
these guys with one shot then what's
gonna happen or what happened last time
is all these mud fuckers are gonna go
downstairs leaving their boss
unprotected gone here got a shotgun okay
so not trying to kill everybody not
trying to do I proved totally approve
drop some kind of gun
and the pistol oh oh there was even a
sneaky way to go so now we have to fight
our way out
I'm keeping the mods on their toes
because I'm talking about not caring
about Anne's history what topics are
taboo apparently not this ancestry is
very important to a lot of people we
should start just mailing people your
plugs they could for our streams she'll
need prereq brand earplugs actually I
kind of like that oh I'll piss on every
single one of them my plan did not work
great are we going to do so much on
kilos being an asshole you gonna do
something about that hiss in the audio
someday question mark John keel we got a
little bit of a late start today so to
answer your question yes not at the
moment
so also settle down
can you please stop using the compressor
until the his situation is solved the
hiss wasn't that bad
guys you so the hits just was not that
bad and for the evening out of seven
glorious boys I think incredibly worth
it
honey snuggles has stopped being jerks
apparently honey snuggle is Cobra
Commander I like thinking that go
downstairs or whatever oh wait am ia
jerk because I'm asking what the big
deal with ancestry is you don't like
that the answer is it's not it's
meaningless I can't deal with the truth
I can't deal with the truth right can't
handle that new way of thinking about
life and Wales Wales is very important
to me Wales doesn't mean anything but I
don't mean anything
Rachel Wales is very important to me and
my family Cobra Commander yes yes car 2
and Cobra Commander had the elongated
essence
they asked my Irish because tomorrow is
st. Patrick's Day yeah ain't no I don't
give a fuck about st. Patrick's I really
don't you see I'm wearing green today
I'm probably not gonna wear this
tomorrow
so there you go they have got to sort
out this whole gun moving when you go
downstairs thing I I thought you were a
super experienced well I thought you're
super super experienced enough maybe
it's just your mouse I didn't I did not
have this issue when I was fun tickle
this is my mouse the studio's mouse this
is the streaming mouse oh well then I
know anonymous says Jack rich what is
one of the most memorable moments of
your childhood also you play DC Universe
Online it's free as fuck you fucking
fucks
stealing your stealing someone else's
bit anonymous unless unless that's you
listen s gobbledygook with a mask on
maybe the most memorable moments your
child I don't know let me let me scan
every moment of my childhood right now
if you could Sheldon I'm glad it's over
I'm essentially glad it's over
you know
Bom Bom life watching super grill you
guys kind of know though who the whole
story you know I don't actually remember
a whole lot for my channel I have a very
bad memory
like look at this so like here's my
mouse why did I add my head level right
I got on stairs
boom it's up there yeah yeah I know I
know why is it up there it's super awful
super awful I was not having that well
she hears you know the worst part is
it's like like position it on his head
before you go down oh yeah and it's
still off when you go down because the
camera moves yeah what fuck I want to
control her up up control it which what
is your favorite film produced by
Lucasfilm damn her straight back
the only answer you can have legally I
believe legally well I take that back
No
Raiders is pretty high on my list of
favorite movies
ooh nice nice recover there right yeah
one of those two it's one of those two I
love me some Indiana Jones all stinky
games on now
oh no I won't have my sneaky game almost
worth rich I'm sorry oh I had it should
play it again because it almost worked I
think I got it
why did why did you come up you never
come up before no for your envy I like
Jedi the most when I was eight look when
I was younger I probably would have said
definitely Raiders you know yeah Indiana
Jones was this shit yeah
ya heard that when I was younger in
terms of Star Wars movies I like Jedi
more than Empire there's lots of
spaceships flew around me and blew
things up absolutely not that I hated
Empire as a kid and definitely would not
say that
jyggalag 35 says for me Jedi has the
best moments and the worst moments in it
Empire still has the best moments I
agree that that Jedi is a weird mix of
greatness and and mediocrity mm-hmm but
the Empire has got that this was just
all of the best stuff han Solo being
frozen you know that died you know I
know you know Luke's hand getting cut
off the whole walker sequence oh yeah
yeah yeah oh yeah let's put Tetley says
supposed to the prequels which were a
combination of mediocrity mediocrity and
other trash under a combination of
mediocrity and utter trash where the
hell are you getting mediocrity using
they never even achieved mediocrity
so three bouncers come down the stairs
when I got them all over the town
together rich please tell him to stop
stop no I'm a bottom guy can get him
okay
so there which was the worst comic book
I've ever read parts of it good good
answer the story that caused me to
boycott spider-man for years
okay
one more day I never read one more day I
knew what was going to happen at it
I knew the spoilers you know why would
you even give the money for that hyper
giant says hypergiants you're an
American god damn it that's all that
matters
got any good horror movie
recommendations I want to get that into
the genre I want to get into the genre
my bad my bad I'm not much of a horror
movie guy I thought with my gallery 1014
714 haven't stand up and oh you didn't
even finish this question huh we can
finish this question goddammit you
finish it do you have any war
recommendations because I'm not a Whore
guy my favorite horror movies are all
horror comedies I would I would put down
like Evil Dead 2 gremlins critters
gremlins is a great horror movie
second-rate gremlins critters - where
they grow into a giant ball and eat cows
hmm yeah I guess chess is a collection
gets his dawn of the dead yeah done
that's pretty good
there were the Romero trilogy before he
made the bad ones you get you got your
night the Living Dead and what does he
know it's classic dawn of dead is
fucking great I rather enjoyed the evil
bed Oh chance mentioning the fly
first of all well but see here's the
thing the fly is Cronenberg hora yep
he's talking about getting into the
genre and then do you want to start with
the fly sure why not why not it's it's
it's I don't think it works that way
it's just a good movie and you watch a
good movie and you would enjoy it the
fly is great the thing is great which
I've never seen you've never seen the
thing that sounds depressing it is it
sounds absolutely depressing and buckin
grave I don't need that I need that in
my life and I love I love John Carpenter
yeah and I love pretty much all of the
John Carpenter movies that have started
Kurt Russell yeah
anyway I don't like anybody is liking
this game I'm gonna play one more level
because there's something that we keep
forgetting so I'm going to play one more
level while rich tells a story well I
tell a story yes you we have yet to say
Oh in my notebook your your interview
your you know you don't want to build it
up too much this is amusing story but
it's not the end-all be-all it's no I
just you know an excuse to tell story
I'm just gonna buy another weapon here
and play one more level
oh well as you as you probably know chat
me and Jack had the the the interview
with the XCOM devs and we'd never done
an interview before and I was little bit
nervous vibe beforehand and the the
night before the interview I had a
nightmare and you know it's a big cuz
like also XCOM is a game that you love
yeah we're talking to people that made
it it was the first time we've ever done
an interview we we were hooking it up
through Skype we didn't you know didn't
know if it was gonna work
so I get here for the interview and you
know we're super sweet right we're
trying to set up the interview of we're
having audio problems right off the bat
we couldn't get the audio tour not be
staticky crap in fact the only way that
I could hear the audio which for some
reason we're getting audio through like
the microphone so in order to hear what
they're saying I had to hold the
microphone into my ear and it was like
staticky I could barely make it out it
yeah what yeah okay and then you know
this is time for the actual interview to
start start recording and I couldn't
find I couldn't find our questions
because we talked about questions
beforehand and I'm looking for the paper
that has questions and where's where's
the where's the questions and I'm going
through the questions oh my god I can't
I can't find him there's all these
papers and suddenly this you know we
only had like sheets paper in the room
but suddenly this just like paper
everywhere I'm going through words that
I can't find that which one's got the
the questions in it and then and then
like time as time is ticking time to
second the Dead is just sitting there
and it's like awkward awkward me with a
microphone in my ear like
shit oh god oh god and then eventually I
just like fuck it
I'm gonna I don't need the questions I'm
just gonna win I'm just gonna ask him a
question why I ask a question so what
was it you know what's it like
developing a sequel to a popular game
and and the response from the XCOM devs
and my nightmare was hey I just hit some
buttons Oh everything that could have
gone wrong I just love my favorite part
of that is the visual of you holding a
microphone 11 yes to your ear while like
shuffling through paper I think that's
beautiful that is just beautiful
just beautiful rage
I missed your donation questions Jack
maybe I did because I'm weird oh there's
a scroll thing
anonymous says have you guys played
rodent it's not like this game
but what turn-based ninja moves half nun
I say I have not even heard of it I have
not even heard oh wait no that's uh
that's a samurai without a master
nevermind the matter and I'm distracted
looking for this
suppose we lost donation question that
I'm not seeing unless it's old or lot
further down oh yeah you know like this
definitely has like a look and a feel of
a lot of other games the deadbolt this
is a jack you should play the Vita game
soul sacrifice Delta to be back into
them miss yours - Lord Velma I'm
honestly unless you're showing up as
anonymous I don't think I'm just I don't
think I'm seeing them even yeah here you
rich dozen I don't know thing doesn't
know things or stuff all right you guys
just fuckin with us now
have you guys played Ronin you're an
American goddammit Jack and Rachel is
the most memorable moment of your
childhood yeah we've read all of these
if it's possible that uh you know what
i'll do a lunar arc on and i will film
on i will shut down the tipalert ER and
restart it in case it needs to recoup
you late we can Bobby we can be both
nope still coming up as those those are
the last ones we have I'm very sorry
there's Nick Nevinger Jay seemed to
enjoy playing outlast a while back do
you guys think you'd be able to convince
him to come back for another Halloween
stream to play amnesia well I think we'd
just be able to come back for Halloween
Jay comes whenever he is able to come he
will play games when he feels like
playing games Jim this is the thing you
know I know we get these quite we these
types of questions a lot about both Jay
and Mike Mike would love this game
Jay would love this game answer your
question Mike would not love this game
Mike whatever game it is Mike would not
love this game Mike and Jay are not
gamers they will not invest their time
into playing anything yeah you know why
they're not gamers they don't they don't
enjoy playing games I've had you know
like I've had Jay over a bunch and he
has played a bunch of board games with
us but I think that's more about the
social aspect yeah and it is about the
board game also if I just said hey Jay
come over and let's drink beer he would
just do that so Jake would rather make
like a gory monster prop yeah exactly
rather cover something with fake blood
and throw it at a wall and film it he'd
rather watch a movie he'd rather edit
stuff so it's like that's that's the
thing about Jay and Mike I I agree by
the way and I know it's frustrating as
gamers you want to share these wonderful
experience with as many people as
possible possible but I'm barking up the
wrong tree
can up the wrong tree boardgames yeah
yeah I've played a bunch of board names
with Jay and he's gotten and and has
enjoyed himself but again I think that's
more about the social aspect when we
have who is Jake rich talks funny
sometimes you guys know that so in any
who it's the answer's no it's just
probably not gonna happen man Jake I had
a nightmare I made a short film with
Jack and we were shooting outside and
freezing weather and Jack had his shirt
off what hey we did make that film it
was freezing and my shirt was off I got
my DVD by the way Jake Thanks thanks for
sending it I was in I was in a short a
student film called space cadets and it
was very cold then I had to take my
shirt off I'm sorry because they want to
see this rocking bod you guys seem the
masterpiece that has gods of Egypt I'm
sure I'll see it once it's once it's up
video wasn't son DVD nothing comes out
in video anymore it's gonna gods of
Egypt is gonna come out on VHS do you
know what that probably will be just
high watch I find another thing to play
harder why don't what he want to do here
we don't know mystery in a couple hours
we started late we did we should get
another game I don't know I don't know
if we should do more police quest or
something else though how much can we
okay if you're not in the mood then
we'll find it something else to play it
would be better if I were in the mood I
mean I can force it I'm gonna just a
jibber kind of this is this is more time
in the mood for it right now just
talking then we can jibber then we can
jibber away I mean if we want I can hook
up my Pokemon machine if you want to and
we could you know I guess this is my
question to you rich is do you feel like
playing or do you feel like
gibbering okay some people are asking
for FTL I can never I can never top the
last FTL stream that is that is now
impossible loner Archon says I'm
donating again Jack if a client asked
you to make a series requiring the use
of an audible laugh track three times
per episode how would you make it and
what kind of show would it be requiring
me to use an audible laugh track I what
I would probably do is try to make like
a very serious drama I'm just gonna say
the same thing and and then and then
someone at 3 and 3 points during the
very serious drama someone would make
the worst pun imagine wouldn't you
wouldn't you just do it though when like
I'm sorry your mother's dying yeah
oh really oh no like like I would do it
where it's like your mother's dying up
in a horrible car accident I'm so sorry
well she was driving me crazy
you know just like the worst pun
imaginable then you get the then you get
the laugh track when I streamed that
when I was playing said I'm your mom
time where's that saved Etta Oh was that
was that on my laptop it was in your
laptop you're not this laptop
unfortunately oh you mean the mega punch
the mega punch the mega punch save might
be on my lab check here check your files
I know I know that wasn't on my PC yeah
then then it was on my laptop which I
don't have with me okay that would be
worth continuing because that's just me
doing this I won't even look at the
screen I'll just talk I'll move your
character and then when you battle you
just press the one yeah
well we will continue that we have at
some point though I guess you just get
your 30s and just regular Pokemon you
can show off your mule that you caught
off off stream my glitch EMU yeah no
okay I'm gonna do that in your
automotive you know I brought it's in my
bag here I'm just going to update the
stream really quick okay Pokemon that's
a little too close to wedlock okay
remove game so many Pokemon game the
last FTL room the last FTL run I uh I
had a secret de stream I hadn't off off
night stream Bob said Monday right yeah
surprised me too I didn't know your text
until I was a little bit celebratory I
now have a new car I'm no I'm now
driving again yeah I'm now able to get
here with the PC on my own yeah and I
you know I came in that night whatever I
was stream tonight yeah and I did an FTL
no pause run amazing I figured it was
doomed
yeah there's no way no way I was gonna
win and so you know I picked ship and
name people after the crew members and
then they came time to name the ship do
run what do you wanna name the ship
somebody suggested doomed the doom
that's pretty good and something else
like altered that a bit and said well
all the Damned and like oh yeah I had a
no pause run with a ship called the
damned nice and I kicked
FTL's fucking ass without pausing at
least during the combat like every time
I alt tabbed it would to change
something obscure pause but and I said
you know I'm gonna name my car whatever
we name the ships my car is no name the
damn I love it yeah okay yeah yeah you
get your pokeyman
I can't I can't stop playing Pokemon yes
I'm sorry taco salad Tuesdays I had a
full crew and I ran into the chance to
get a azole time Taco Tuesdays for the
human and they didn't have like a level
of a piloting they didn't have levelled
up weapons or engines no hey I kicked
him out of the airlock technically
technically we let him off with a space
station
he went off he had a very nice severance
package yeah okay yeah all right can you
go to your probe well first you should
quit back the deadbolt little ABS don't
go to ABS go to all the programs for
Grammys all programs and this computer
yeah I remember I had you downloaded oh
yeah yeah yeah you can't set it up just
for this I just have to remember what
it's called now it's probably a program
let's go to Program Files yeah go to
program files mr. Rago sure watch we're
gonna just find out like viewer or like
something 3ds
oh wait last night we must not have put
it in there okay I do hey MA
did we just put it on we wouldn't say
put that on your desktop what are we
what do we
we'll find it it's not envelope my porn
did you put it in the twitch streaming
no don't remember when it's called go to
search programs and files and just type
in 3ds you were about to type it on the
laptop you're adorable
I don't think it's got three - yes name
well shit rich
all right those last donation we've read
here we've read the out last one mmm
when our chances and I apologize that
this one got read my brain doesn't work
sometimes well our con says I'm donating
again Jack if client asks you to make a
series we did that we do that oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah why I you know I
didn't read the whole thing before I
started oh sure also Lauren says rich
would you stream an FTL hard mode also
I'm considering donating wwe2k16 for
when Josh comes back to the stream would
that be acceptable that would be
acceptable that would be acceptable yes
as far as FTL hard road maybe someday I
mean I haven't done yeah cuz I didn't
feel like getting my ass kicked
normals normals still plenty fucking
hard mm-hmm I guess it's the only way to
go what you doing no pause runs on
normal mm-hmm anonymous says any chance
you'll play Smash Brothers sometimes the
new one or n64 one I have zero interest
in the series but I know for a fact that
Jack loves him some Smash Brothers it's
not out of the question I'm certainly
not going to initiate it though rich is
too chicken for hard mode FTL yes so
what
it's not telling me what the name of the
program is you know for fuck's sake
right give me your mouse I'm gonna root
around in your computer for a little bit
my god it's gonna find all the porns I'm
just gonna find all the porns would we
put it in here maybe don't go into the
folder labeled double D those returns
don't go under the folder level blue
waffle just don't go there nice rich
Hojo separate offices you two are the
saviors of twitch thank you that's thank
you I don't believe you it's true it's
absolutely true absolutely true it's
absolutely true this is happening
what's this hey rich you probably
discussed this already but with Indy
five lucky it's likely taking place in
the early 1960s the only plot to
properly make up for crystal skulls
misfires is to fittingly end the series
with Ford as the lead stead of Indy face
off against fugitive Nazis in South
America no they've they've milked the
Nazis to death I I don't I don't know
that Indiana Jones has to exclusively be
a Nazi fighter right there are more
ships on temple of doom but it's a fine
movie it's a fine movie I mean it's no
it's no Ark but it's a fine movie
that
thanks lunar ark on our John
yeah do you like any movies that aren't
just pure entertainment just dark City I
would say is food for your brain trying
to understand what he means by that is
there something I was just not dumb but
I mean anything that you like isn't that
by definition entertaining Ryan right
you know my favorite Star Trek movie is
probably Star Trek the motion picture
and that's that's the boring one that
really emits probably tied with Wrath of
Khan right I'm a graphic on it
ratha Khan is the great one rich I like
I like I like the motion picture they
discover a nun don't think it's it's
it's pure Star Trek it just know the
whole thing is discovery and not could
you could you it just needs some editing
okay edit out the half hour this is fine
surprise porn it's fine I'm with you it
just needs some goddamn editing what the
hell did you do with this are you sure
we can install this I am 100% sure
remember we had to go through like all
the drivers that's the one who forgot
what it was called
you know it's just you had me install a
driver or something that's not
necessarily a program you sure it won't
just run it's plugged in now yeah it's a
program where's your download you might
have just had me put in some kind of
driver I don't think I remember a
program yeah totally a program there's
so much shit in there and you're never
going to find it I never I've never
cleared out I forgot to downloads folder
oh my god I see that there's a shit ton
of stuff in here but there might be what
I'm looking for
even capture setup that's that's
probably not it right now uh-uh
ooh-hoo ding-dang why don't to bring
back who sang okay so back-up plan
back-up plan what's the back-up plan
jack Josh shit
I saw them make you want to fire up the
wrestling game you won't wrestle why not
what about anything I don't even give a
shit that'll probably take a while
download we're gonna accept your gift
loner our John thank you for rasslin
okay we need a game
I saw them say down well do you have
down well no huh I don't know we're down
Willis I saw them say it type that in
type in down well there ah boom buck 50
playing down fuckin walking simulator or
is it a game Oh what is it okay it looks
like a game it looks like a game we're
gonna play down once neat it's half off
right now it's a buck fifty we're gonna
play

[Part III]
boom boom we're gonna play it down well
it's gonna be great we can jibber over
it it's gonna be great
this is game 201 bit last minute so I
wouldn't recommend it now but which
probably should do Dark Souls sometime
more like you know actual real like try
to play the battles you undo one or two
what ones the one you yeah okay ones the
one everyone says is good I think twos
got a lot of detractors too does have a
lot of detractors okay we will get now
that we are more well-versed in from
software shenanigans yeah
oh my god it's done downloading oh my
god Oh in my bag is the easy controller
oh oh hey we can play with the
controller I love controllers I know you
do
great we should give Dark Souls another
try it's been enough time it's been a my
I'll get around with lists I haven't
been pooh-poohing it so to speak
perhaps right before the hold on I need
to put away my Pokemon machine yeah I'm
sorry Pokemon machine this looks deep
yeah yeah
cuz imma lubes he's on yours have we
ever been trapped down a while I don't
what was her name Jessica something baby
Jessica oh my god
and that's not what's happening anymore
yes this is Dark Souls for the Gameboy
Oh someone speaking of darts speaking of
Dark Souls someone recently had me look
into a game that is is being advertised
as the 2d Dark Souls okay really big
monsters hard as hell and it is called
it's it's out for the ps4 and it is cold
really you're not gonna tell me what
it's covered I don't remember it anymore
rich I have a fucking terrible memory do
you know that about me yeah oh are
Miller what was it called salt and
sanctuary thank you
salt and sanctuary I did purchase it
because it looked right up my alley and
but it's on my P it's on the ps4 and I
did not bring the ps4 oh it's on you see
it's not on the PC oh my god oh my god
this is great look at him flip around
shit Wow visual style party forgot name
salt and sanctuary salt and sanctuary
being billed as the 2d Dark Souls
that was great guys we got hurt no great
all right try try some of the buttons I
think this is lazy the supposed to come
out of your butt check you're not using
your butt laser oh I get it
oh shit I do have to get good
I have to officially strategy to fight
or just to I think you're just looking
to get the furthest
oh but if you fight you can get help
back
terrible I did it terrible one point one
cleared oh oh hold on
getting gems recharge his gun boots that
could be good gun boots no it's a butt
blast the blast rich thank you
would it upset from the front to back
are you feeling that get it back but it
moves that oh and you can move us back
over there great so now it looks like
we're looking at the game yeah great
them down well okay rich important
question yeah getting Jim's recharge gun
boots liftoff Oh
so there's roguelike elements there's uh
there's upgrades or blocks we'll shoot
bullets when destroyed always looks out
to no go rocket jump I don't know what's
up sup do you know the health is a
concern hold it down what happens
yeah yeah and I'm unimpressed I think we
I think I made the wrong choice check
yeah you're probably right
we probably wanted um gems retard rocket
please rocket boots are health rocket
boots I don't know if anything recharges
help all these things are still gonna
help recharge at some point
it's got a second backup that we're
gonna fucking my help so does that
bubble pop you decide oh you don't want
to check it out I'm falling down a well
rich you're jumping down a well there's
a big difference between falling down a
well and jumping down a well Touche I'm
at a gem high apparently yeah oh that
was just one point one again Jim
attractor knife and fork consumed dead
bodies to gain health yes bullet casings
deal damage consume dead bodies again
health always
and I think you're gonna have one dead
body to get help from how do I consume
dead bodies uh-huh maybe that counts the
dead body off of the right what does one
what
so there's only basic there's just one
button yeah and you can hold it down to
continuously shoes there is one button
go yeah ain't so easy is it
I want to say there's an iOS port of
this I have no idea how you would
control it oh okay well not be yeah I
got an uh fee yeah I got an app an
upgrade sure I'm doing like machine-gun
fire now oh sure and this turtles are
invulnerable noted noting nippy right
Eric great you can jump on enemies but
does it hurt you
liftoff it is when you you can like jump
off of things
higher
so you have to jump on the turtles you
can't shoot him back
oh it's a shop there's a little shop
sign on the bubble shop sign alright
great
I do bet they wanted to call this like
diarrhea the game when you're falling
down a well and your butt feels like
hell diarrhea shred jumping on the turbo
oK you've done it
try jumping on that thing when it comes
back out
oh all right okay gem hi so hard
fuck you whoa that's what we call
bullshit oh good thing I cleared that
frog wart was six combo rich yeah you
did it so I think actually that's our
problem is we're using the the but
blasts laser - OH
oh shit what happened that I didn't like
it isn't what I is what this is how can
this be an iOS game how are this control
I'm very curious about this I am very
curious about this um did we go down the
well yet no doctor XR not yet I hate the
butt thing I mean the laser thing I can
only get to know I think we're using I
think we're relying on that too much I
think we got to jump on enemies except
for of course the ones we can't jump on
that depth up there what they're stoned
on Chet cool why does this game this
game is down well down well currently
this game is one dollar and fifty cents
on Steam worth dollar and fifty cents
and say that oh yeah you just get a
shotgun yep a shotgun this is definitely
you know worth it over there's poop in
my soup
oh oh yeah he'll as much HP as he can
nice to poor oh don't to care take care
do it he gets a little frowny face yeah
yeah that's cute you know that's cute
shotgun specialist I miss my machine bud
yeah yeah even over even with a shotgun
but you're a shotgun button laser
take laser over shotgun well I also came
with help oh well there you go there's
that all right I think
cool alright alright understanding what
do we got here
popping Jim okay so getting Jim's causes
bullets to shoot up stomping on enemies
causes a blast shooting dead bodies
causes them to explode beep boop I'm a
drone so you get a little helper yeah
we'll find out okay yeah I'll be John he
shoots when you shoot
definitely oh shit bullshit what the red
guys that damage ID sir it's just
bullshit
damn you can't afford anything
oh all rich oh I get I get one to go you
get three I see how this works
yeah I'm gonna you I was testing it I
know Johnny I don't use the beta I don't
care
start to belly which one was that
oh yeah that's so that's the Harvest
Moon one hmm sound the list
no there's one I have to write down that
insulting to something Sultan's
sanctuary I need a pen right now so I
can actually do this I am curious about
stardew valley I know you are Mike I
always forget about it after the stream
always every single time
well get on it go on the bubble wasn't
the bubble like the idea I got new key I
can't I can't new be rich all about the
new P oh yeah I just wanted I want to do
I want to do it strategically kill those
enemies
ah nope you're not doing great it
strategically killing those Saturdays
Jack I gotta say I've noticed that can
you jumping
no no yeah that wasn't so quick I don't
I'm not really I wasn't really upset
can you jump under what how much just
are do Valley and where can it be found
you can get on Steam
I know that much you can get on Steam
it's like the it's like the earlier
Harvest Moon I'm totally on board the
newer ones just got terrible I've heard
I've heard nothing but good things it is
the 3d did not do good things for the
series it is the the envy super hot
indie game of the moment rich you say
that about every indie game we play
we've been playing some super hot indie
games the chat will corrupt me to be
fair super hot was literally called
super hot that's right Dan mullet and
when we played it let's be oh you'll
find out when you grab it won't you okay
burst the chat will corroborate with the
stardew valley being this super hot
indie game of the moment chat
corroborating do it
fucking corroborate
fuck you I fell for the Frog to rich
yeah sure I'll go get ya you gotta watch
out for those fucking bats though the
bats are nasty that's a smart move I'm
running away from you bet
alright what you got what you got stomp
on enemies causes a blast I kind of like
that and bullets casing now we'll try
this one stop it on enemies
fuck you
I'm using I'm using the corporate funds
to buy started Valley okay and possibly
the other one salt and salt Alton's
spacedust
salt and of the worst name ever yes salt
and sanctuary okay I have used prereq
friends device health and sanctuary so
you feel free to do the same apparently
the thing I don't think red you can step
on Oh a red one yeah yeah I'm weird
broforce is over I know everyone says
broforce broforce broforce that is not
the super hot indie game at the moment
did they corroborate that start do bad I
missed it if they did I didn't see that
specifically by all the games I know we
need to buy all the games and play all
the games but we can't we cannot buy and
play all the games
broforce is so 2015
this game I might buy when I get home
actually I want to look up why not it's
a buck oh no oh it's a it's a mummy it's
a buck fifty oh these are the edge model
no that's adorable
laser no major laser
whoa
sounds like Jack could use some salt and
sanctuary right with GDC going on I'm
sure there will be new indie games yeah
I mean they're gonna gain is that like
total
it says game no I don't know Jim hi last
for a duration longer sucky yeah well
what if I won point up by one that's
pretty good
take it take it
oh I'm sure I'm sure everyone is looking
at and getting super hyped about the
next AHA super hot indie title right now
it's it's still sturdy valium that's it
that's super hotness one extra charge
two extra charge heels two chairs charge
when I'm sure sure well then why don't
see extra charges where's the extra
charge and you're in your charge meter
you had eight before I did yeah all
right I'm liking this
I know gobbledygook so we get gifted a
lot of games and sometimes we can't play
them all gobbledygook gifted us broforce
back when it was the super hot in DEET I
don't know yeah that happens that
happens did everyone hear about Crytek
Crytek engine going free do you hear
about that no yeah Crytek has followed
suit with like unity and and other game
engines having a free market they pay
what you want to use their engine to
make your game and such
people thought people people in the
industry thought it was coming and fuck
and overall it's a good call or you know
make game development easier for more
people and then they get locked into
using your engine
I hate those bats jet packs for use one
out of charge on your state of
invincibility
Hey all right I'm done with a jet pack
I'm broforce looks cute cool like you
know it's basically like a modern take
on contra with with references to old
action movie stars it's there's a lot of
stuff in there that we probably like
it's broforce on the the prereq account
where was it given I have no it's
somewhere it's either in my Steam the
prereq account or your steam and I think
it's free actually it is it's free for
PS plus members yeah for PlayStation 4
at the moment I think you are a PS Plus
member aren't you
fuck you red thing
Hieu red thing well that's what it is
Oh bullshit bullshit bullshit oh we're
almost at a progress bar that'll do
something
if you want to gift us games because our
our I'm assuming your sister your
friends list is full yep
as is mine you can you again if you want
to give just something on Steam the
email is I always forget it
really previously recorded what's not
know prereq rewrite didn't used to be
pretty super nuts
well we had a gmail account doesn't I
keep the into the gmail account
yay so it is prereq at red letter media
calm okay and if you would like to gift
us a game you can send it puncher haha
rich isn't good at games that's true
like I fucking pulled off an FTL no
pause run like like like two nights ago
what what what what do you fucking want
out of me you monsters maybe they want
you to get good you ever think about
that I think an FTL no pause run this
would I'm normal not hard but not easy
are you kidding I can still like barely
beat the game uneasy you doing a no
pause run on normal is pretty impressive
one one cleared popping gyms get gyms
because they bullet to shoot up a pretty
balloon doing a pause run the
blindfolded and on fire like all on fire
or just part of them on fire Nicole I
really it's just kind of meaningless if
it's not I think I think that did you
have a balloon I did I had a pretty
balloon and then when I got hit it pops
oh yeah I feel actually really bad fuck
you bat rich which team is the head du
jour I don't I don't know what the fuck
that means
the hat of the day oh this is one of my
thunder bolt hats I wear them I wear
them all the time
the WC logo for Windy City the Windy
City Thunderbolts who were not in
Chicago they were the suburbs didn't
stop rich red that but not my ex common
question like I I'm looking at like
obeisance hop and then I got a little
bit of chat at the bottom and things
scroll and I miss them Tiberius what
what was your ex comp question taught me
hotter
rich answers all XCOM questions all the
time
frequently I skip them if they're dumb
boom boom XCOM one
what's my standard squad makeup um III
avoid supports for the most part I avoid
them avoid supports early because
healing it's not worth it early you you
frequently die in one damn head spent
you on the harder difficulties
especially so I don't think it's you
know I don't think they're worth it
earlier I know everyone loves snipers
and snipers are a great class but I
prefer to be a bit more mobile so I
never have more than one sniper I
usually have one two heavies two
assaults two heavies to a salt a sniper
and then if I have you know the sixth
one open I'm thinking early game a heavy
or artisanal whatever third one you can
shove in there but I I I play I play
XCOM fairly aggressively I don't I don't
care about healing that much things
should be dead before they can shoot at
you too much it ideally and XCOM
a fully upgraded sniper is essential a
fully upgraded sniper is a luxury I
don't know that it's essential all right
I'm forgetting about mix the ideal the
ideal squad set up two salts one of them
is a glass cannon the other one's kind
of a tank then two heavies one one
sniper and then one mech who is
converted from a colonel sniper because
mech with that glorious colonel sniper
aim is a fucking killing machine so MEK
MEK from a converted sniper from a
colonel sniper
that's ideal rich I've made it to
something called the catacombs oh god
there's spikes there are spikes
where's Phoenix Phoenix there's spikes
eat it ghost you can jump on ghosts
nothing makes sense and by glass cannon
just just to make sure there's no
confusion
I mean offensively SPECT not worried
about the defense the assault class has
a lot of you know do you go with the +20
defense and cover or +32 crit you know
like that kind of that kind of thing
uh-huh so I have I have one one assault
whose job is to murder giant things so
when when the when the sect Oh pod you
know jumps up and tries to kill your
troops you just you shove that glass
cannon us all right let's face and
murder it we got arm spin style rich
nice arm spin style rapid-fire and and
and heavy crit chance --is will murder
MEK tides mech tides you know the SEC
turns a little put one of them like a
ridiculous mech suit it's so good but
it's still got the sectoid head some
armor stuff around it but he's in this
giant bulking the body that's great oh
they're awesome switch to arm spin style
why cuz look at it you can switch to it
it looks goofy
we got the cookie boy I'm gonna look
this up on the iOS on the App Store see
it is an app the term glass cannon means
you're fragile but you have the
firepower oh I thought it was literally
a cannon no charge no no no I mean
you're fragile you would shatter if you
get hit oh but you have a very big gun
okay well there you go down well I
thought it was on the iOS it's by the
way you buy this up for an app on your
phone it's three bucks three bucks
how do you play it poorly because this
doesn't seem like it would work well as
a phone app but this was like you know
it's easy cuz you just tap on the screen
and that's what shoots down right but
how do you control yourself I don't know
that's what I'm wondering
don't don't forget forget I'm done I'm
just gonna die just die
oh you it has virtual controls like
virtual button see that that's stupid oh
that's the worst why would you ever do
that
never ever if you if you are someone who
designs games for the phone never ever
make virtual buttons that's the worst
idea
well you don't what to do I'm telling
them that's the worst idea because I'm
an American goddammit oh so you're an
asshole yeah after you want one you know
I am too fucking damn rotten dafuq damn
me yeah I am whoo it could have fucked
oh you missed the tag mr. bubble
oh fuck you back fuck you bet it's like
it's great how all of the enemies danger
zone is on their bottom where it makes
like the uncontrolled fall a really
scary thing because the enemies can get
you
keke keke do hey by the way chat thanks
for whoever suggested this this is a
neat game I remember hearing about this
game when it first came out but you know
you slipped it slipped past because
there's so many games at any given point
I do remember hearing positive things
about it when I came out well deserved
positive things this is fun it's a fun
buck-and-a-half right here
hmm bullets to shoot up could be a
really yam could be really useful yeah
as you know we just mentioned enemies
getting above you is the real friend
boom boom rich just paid off you couple
that with the upgrade that like makes
the gems come to you
yeah yourself you got yourself some
synergy some thinking Jack ice I'm
thinking I like that I like that you
know I like to I like to save my
strategy for games like this like XCOM
oh just go whatever is a shoot thing
yeah shoot things but here it's like no
let's let's slow down and think about
falling down a well I do also love that
it pauses when you go in
it's courteous that's what it's
courteous it's good I guess that's the
way of putting it
bird bird bird bad
that's totally a bad probably a bad I'm
gonna call it a bird can call everyone
it's a free freak out damn country
that's right cuz it's a fucking America
and I'm an American boom deal with it
deal with it murder turtle that's what I
went with - and did your mother turtle
Oh mutt murder to murder the turtle I'm
in the game no game it up talking this
hard don't worry I got I got you covered
oh fuck fuck your nutsack not no no
don't this chat fuck my nutsack gain 180
HP which is huge yeah
boom
being pletely Berber I talk about how
much I hate bats all we've talked about
fucking nutsacks if that if that has if
you're wondering if that came up cuz
that came up I'm decidedly anti fucking
nut sacks you seem to be kind of pro
fucking nut sack yes so you know all
right apparently I'm not fast enough on
the shot no keep the turtles to port the
fucking bats only finds gun modules
I don't know that means an shot outta
nowhere
where the arms spinning oh when you walk
when you run now I thought I thought the
arms would be spinning well Falls yeah
that's kind of why I got this one so I
feel a little deceived but triple triple
fresh boom
I mean if I had a single before so I'll
take a triple something that has less
range I find with newbie movies fine
Ruby I'm a newbie fan
first oh fuck I hate bursts by the way
burst is terrible yeah yeah so it's like
contra where some of them are just shit
yep and you never want them and you
accidentally fall into one yep recharges
boots gems charges boots that's the one
you know bullet casings look at the
bullet casings that might not be a
terrible one I had it last time and it
is not a terrible one triple-triple
table I I'm kind of liking gems recharge
because that if when enemies are around
like that's like constant rate of fire
let's get a shit more of fire what's
interesting about this now how many
shoot-'em-ups do you go down you know
not many rich good good call good on you
good on you
just standard machine gun Oh check
fuck you frog you walk right into that
thing I can do that no I think I walked
round with you bet yeah I'm arm spin
style by the way so you might want to
style select you might want a style
select you the motherfucker wake up wake
up fart bar
by the way you know what I have not I
have not fired up Smash Brothers really
I haven't fired up the Wii U I see like
I'm sure this question got asked a while
ago I have not fired up the Wii U and
quite some time for me
that is now the kids have taken it over
you know sometimes we don't we don't
allow like a ton of screen time but
usually when we do it's they're all
about lego dimensions the money farming
game the money farming game yeah we cave
but I can get up no I can't have I camp
so I have not fired up the Wii in quite
some time which is I mean really it's
been fine because I've been playing
other games it's it's it kills enemies
very well but it doesn't like it's hard
to navigate with them you know you guys
bounce off enemies heads and chaining
together without touching the ground for
upgrades use the gun to try to stay
aloft between each bounce oh that's
right you did get that chain that one
time I'll change it now
that was a short one thanks that was a
short one
they tried playing splatoon Ernie
Schmitz just probably a little too old
for him missed it oh just till the
youngins
whoa nice recover I really thought that
frog was gonna be the end of you
hope you check out Zelda you though
eventually oh yeah absolutely I mean
first yeah of course has there ain't
been any more announcements on it no
supposed a good look like crap see much
no based off of the despite my zelda
fatigue like like Skyward Sword which is
bad what little they showed maybe like
oh it was good if they they could be
like what are they like promising thing
more nonlinear stuff right they could
pull it off that well that was the they
implied more nonlinear stuff I don't
know if it problem I got them fair
enough Jack are there games where your
kids are better than you consistently um
no not yet they're not old enough you
know they're just not old enough yet I'm
sure there will be a time I'm very sure
what's the strangest modern kids show
that you've been forced to watch or do
kid there's a lot like there's a lot of
bad ones there's a lot of crap but the
many that I really enjoy like those
there's a Teen Titans go on that Cartoon
Network and I really like that that's a
fun show the Teen Titans go gumball if
you guys ever seen gumball that's a
really weird one like not only is is
like the comedy really offbeat but they
mix up the art style where there's like
3d animated backgrounds and some 2d
animated backgrounds and it's it's it's
just kind of messed up there's even like
some and then mix it up with like
puppetry gumball is really weird
liking Dumbo yeah I feel I don't want to
hand the controller over to Jack we're
just a good sign yeah like we can play
in Virtual Boy why would you ever want
to do that these are the different
styles so down-well style matka aqua
let's try it Game Boy your honor
oh the Game Boy is something I have zero
nostalgia for me the only Classic Game
Boy sure the advance was good the
advance was like giving 2d sniffs types
stuff a second life Oh God by the way
it's good it's just gray they're
attacking sighs this is the worst idea
you know I have a lot of love for the
original Game Boy the the old ugly-ass
Game Boy mostly just because there I had
so much time playing it Tetris
the adventure brother Susan is good boss
um I'm just gonna binge watching so I
don't know yet is it done is the season
has the season aired oh god this is the
worst idea I can't see any of the gems
Chad's eyes are already hurting yeah no
mine too and I'm very sorry but restart
change that shit yeah oh here oh I can
change the palette yeah okay great
was the first horror movie or any movie
you saw that gave you nightmares as a
kid I don't know about nightmares
specifically but the first horror movie
to ever really truly freak me out
would be night a living dead the concept
is so horrific yeah
I'm with you like like even with like
Jason just stay the fuck away from
Crystal Lake go go somewhere else get in
your car and get the fuck out of there
oh I don't want monsters you could run
from the end of Living Dead you know
where to run they're fucking everywhere
you are fucked yeah yeah there's like
months I couldn't go to bed until I made
sure every door was like I knew it was
insane really yeah but I had to make
sure every door was locked and like my
house not just the door of my room but
the door to my room too
sure no you know I never had a movie
really fucked me up like that
I've always had a pretty firm grasp of
like fake versus reality and whatnot
when I was young for whatever reason I
thought with my renowned street lady be
fine as long as you weren't on Elm
Street
these fuckers move off of Elm Street
Hotel
no wonder if Freddie wants and oh ah
fuck
did we ever find out how to consume dead
bodies
I think the dead bodies are those those
decorative things you see I don't think
they're the enemies of corpse the
corpses of enemies I think that's the
mistake we're writing oh no they are so
do you see that little meter underneath
my Oh four-eyed I picked up a corpse and
I got one
what do you mean I like the corpse like
one of those things that you just those
lumpy guys not like I killed an enemy
and I saw its corpse fall okay and then
I had then I landed on okay all right
here take that back
Lou wake up you fuck
wake up did we ever find out how to
consume dead bodies yep the things you
find yourself being quoted saying huzzah
I was talking about the game but you
know cannibalism in general up for
debate is fine if they're already dead
it's fine no really
meat Smith
yeah did you ever watch any shows as a
child that your parents hated I'm I mean
I'm sure not now that I'm a parent and I
watched some of like the dumbass shows
that my kids watch it's like how the
fuck man I'm sure my parents wouldn't
have cared for GI Joe or something but
if we're talking about it's like content
that's inappropriate never came up yeah
oh yeah you've said that before you you
watched a bunch of inappropriate stuff
like every once in a while I come across
the show there's a couple like Netflix
originals that the boys loved and I
fucking cannot stand just because
they're they're so poorly written like
it's like I know I know their kid shows
but they're just so poorly written that
I can't even that I can't even like you
know what Bionicles are like Lego big
Lego guys for people who don't know
there's a like Netflix original Bionicle
show and the boys love Legos and
Bionicles and so they watch this show
and it's just um and it looks ugly and
everything about it sucks but they love
it so they watch it all the goddamn time
there's this new Batman show that just
came to Netflix the Batman yeah
CGI one not the CGI one you know
half-hour animated show called the
Batman okay it's the one with the Joker
oh where he was horrible where he was
hot where he looks like a roided up like
dreadlock Joker I think that guy won an
Emmy and Mark Hamill did not what yep
the show is awful
the show is just awful
and the art style is ugly as fuck I just
sound like we were just watching the mr.
Frese episode and it's just ugly and I
hate it and I hate it I hate it but you
know they they love it cuz they they
just love anything Batman they have no
they have no like concern over like
what's good or bad Batman not
discriminating they're not
discriminating but it's just it's just a
Batman The Brave and the bold was a fun
show that was a throne it was a nod to
campy Batman and classic comics that's
fine know that I love that they would
just find obscure classic comic book yep
I know Batman braving the bold I will
defend as a lot of fun
remember that outfit Booster Gold wore
the 70s you know that was also just
remember Booster Gold but the Batman was
Booster Gold even around in the 70s so
I'm just making a point
not oh I have no idea I didn't even know
Booster Gold was a character until
braving the bowl ah oh wait I got the
corpse you think dress yes hashtag
dreadlocks Joker shaming 100% yeah no
that's terrible hundred-percent terrible
Joker we shuffle it so like if you get a
laser gun module you can shoot it and
it'll turn into a different gun module
what if I like the one who was and I
don't want to reconfigure it then you
just take it oh oh like shoot it before
you grab it like
but now you know we watch a lot of good
TV there's a there's a lot of good TV we
watch um like I said gumball I think is
really funny we watch Adventure Time
Teen Titans go that's a great show
that's a super fun show Steven universe
we've been watching a lot of that's a
really great and imaginative
fuck oh fuck oh that's better bats
I got banded you got batted but you know
with the good you pastel with the good
comes the bad all I can hope is that one
day they'll get some goddamn taste
do you watch Rick and Morty
yes it's a great show it's fine Jack
there's no sign of Ron's a great show
fine Mike Joe was a great show but I
like fucked up science things and I have
a dark sense of humor perfectly
acceptable show overcome Morty
perfectly acceptable
what Robin is it in Young Justice I can
never figure it out it's never seen
Titans go what's Rob what's Robin is it
and Teen Titans go is dick dick does it
matter
I guess that's the other question well
just mean as long as it's continuity in
the universe you know that's all that
really matters is there a Robin that
isn't lame when paired with Batman Robin
you hashtag Robin chiming you've never
liked Robin no I think Robin Robin is
the important part of Batman it might be
a fine character on his own no the
important part
rora moron Robin Robin serves a very
real purpose - to make Batman a crazy
man who would endanger a child and
therefore unlikable he burns his purpose
it does highlight that he's a crazy man
because Robin is not as skilled as
Batman right
and so Robin tries to do the stuff that
Batman does and Batman is like how could
you fall off of this building while
Trump easing across it you know like and
you're just like that man you are a
crazy man I'd like Robin Robin is
important to give some some humanity get
some done daddy issues in there Batman
is more interesting - less human he is
he needs to be an icon an archetype a
badass know that Batman's the character
I don't want humanized it's when they
it's when people concentrate on the
badass that that they start losing
that's all Batman is no to me he's just
he's the badass there's some good stuff
in there yeah there's some good stuff
with courage dude what am I gonna do
with all this money
I better ask my Butler to go get me a
cheeseburger sided caviar go do drugs
just cuz I can't
hey rich let people like things look I
have fun being an asshole
can he check and like Robin I don't
honestly care right and I think you guys
like it when rich is an asshole so you
know what you wish for
money can't replace parents though I
don't think you understand how much
money Batman has - Shh
Batman's Batman has officially reached
the level of stupid rich think we'll
ever gonna can't be Batman again like
Adam West yeah they call the Batman
brave in the bold that's a really fun
show you should watch it rich what's
your problem with money money only
magnifies what you already are what kind
of bullshit statement is that
fucking bet I got it I got this bat all
up in my nuts money just means I have
less sympathy for your non problems
rich have you read Dark Knight strikes
again no it sounded awful and I avoid a
bit like a plague great it came out
around 9/11 in Frank Miller was
apparently in the deep cocaine addiction
yeah by oh good night vari r77 VAR yaar
Jack you might want to know that a lead
artist for the poco I heard I heard
about that one of the one of the lead
artists for the Pokemon games died in a
in a unexpected tragic accident today or
yesterday was he mauled by a Charizard
he was not Marat mauled by a Charizard
loser a tree fell on him really he was
driving him though he was driving in the
park with his daughter
Wow and high winds caused a tree to fall
on their car he was killed on site and a
Good Samaritan came to the rescue for
his daughter getting her into the
hospital yeah so but tragedy you know no
I'm not I'm not a complete heartless
monster no no no no I mean it's it's sad
and obviously you know the monster
designs are part of the thing I like
about Pokemon so big deal data says who
is your favorite female superhero for
male
um pack girls never been awful I
especially like Batgirl in this new run
this Batgirl at Burnside which is one of
the comics that I'm reading currently mm
she's fun definitely more detective II a
little more pared down which I like
currently though I don't know if I've of
all-time but my current favorite female
superheroes Miss Marvel just fucking
love Miss Marvel right now she's great
new Miss Marvel or or yeah new miss mom
okay not Carol Danvers I care the Kamala
Khan Kamala Khan I'm Kamala Khan it's
just the knee it is a great name Kamala
Khan sounds like she should be a boxer
left corner where are the right trunks
with the red tops come on
85 pounds I love issues me and you know
that I've been very I've talked about
this before I love her because she is
the closest she's the closest to the
spider-man that I love which is she's in
way over her head way underpowered
trying to do good and and figuring it
out as she goes along I love the new
Miss Marvel run one of my favorite books
right now so much fun just a kid trying
to do good trying to figure out and like
they've kept her they've done a good job
and I haven't read the newest one I'm
waiting for the trade to come out but
they've kept so far they've done a good
job of keeping her small now you can you
go again start start naming some female
superheroes who's that I was good or
just in general in general um you know
if we go x-men there's psylocke who's it
can be a lot of fun see I've never I've
never been a big x-men fans I
I can't really say any of them Oh
specially likeable just because I
haven't even read about them oh sure
sure rogues great road sounds really
interesting road I've never really read
the x-men oh yeah rogues a lot of fun
especially like in depending on which
x-men you're reading like hers starting
off with the with the the Brotherhood of
Evil Mutants and then you know kind of
like being a spy for the x-men and then
turning good there's there's a lot of
interesting stuff with rogue shadow cat
and or what's-her-name
Kitty Pryde that's who it is
Kitty Pryde I've always really enjoyed
her powers phasing through objects I
thought there was some really
interesting like stuff that they do with
her powers but I really like Kitty Pryde
just from a power standpoint her like
she has a in the comics she has a stick
with her her her mother is like really
anti-mutant yeah and so like that's
that's her shtick is her mother doesn't
know that she's at a mutant school ah
she just thinks she's at a gifted school
so like yeah there's some fun there but
I just like her powers that more than
anything nice trying to get the hang of
that
I can't be the only one who's read power
girl when she led the Justice Society of
America I didn't read any power girl no
now that didn't give me an extra HP oh
that's us what we gained one HP M more
to choose from I still have I figure
maybe would add to the base like the
Apple did oh well I thought her powers
was Ernie no Ernie
Jessica Jones days Jessica Jones is good
yeah yeah she was great I loved alias
and I never read alias but I liked the
show a lot so you know I'll put her in
there I'm just trying to think of other
female superheroes Power Girl Super Girl
have I told you that but I've been
watching Supergirl again yeah well I
think I heard you mention once I don't
you have to say that I've been watching
Supergirl again only because coming up
they're doing a flash Supergirl
crossover and I and I want to watch that
because I watched the flash and I also
think that it's really interesting that
two networks are crossing over and you
know it's like oh there are different
networks yeah that is interesting
flashes see them you supergirls CBS and
so it's like they're allowing Katie's
characters to cross over even though
they're different networks right so it's
like okay I want to catch up on
Supergirl eight combo hey hundred Jim
reward nice and it is just the worst I
think I've said that about a lot of
things tonight but Supergirl is a crap
TV show man is it just garbage I don't
know a pretty balloon does
all right I need something with some
health here pretty badly
pretty badly yeah you do so so I can no
longer condone Supergirl as a that's
someone I love does take fuck that's
decent run does Peggy Carter count as a
superhero
sure huh yeah bolder style was bolder
style team starts with more HP less
upgrade options never track I like Peggy
Carter so if Peggy Carter apart Carter
oh look at that
so if Peggy Carter can count I'll put
her on there button she has she's not
she's a hero she's not necessarily a
superhero because she doesn't have
stupid
Jackie Grant bashed she doesn't have any
superpowers you know
that's my only gripe with that
I feel bad there aren't more female
superheroes I really like but that many
to begin with I think that was the point
rich it was a commentary I know no
commentary I get that yeah I get that
I'm still trying to see still trying to
see to push to examine to sure
measure I mean there's a there's a ton
and x-men Wonder Woman not boring
oh fuck Wonder Woman oh jesus H Christ
Scarlet Witch never read The Avengers
much there's the Invisible Woman from
Fantastic Four but what I ever read a
Invisible Woman solo comic probably not
hey Sarah Shen well what the hey here's
towards the Zelda you fund tongue out
sticking tongue out Oricon sorry thank
you sorry well take it Lord knows we'll
need it when it comes out in five years
if the game ever comes out it'll you
know it'll remember Twilight Princess
developing for the Gamecube but it ended
up being a we we launched I'm sure if
Nintendo even does a next console I'll
watch for that well there's our it's
already being uh being rumored well yeah
I don't think that we use doing that
wall no no in general it is not
what about female Ghostbusters I think
I've been pretty clear my issue with the
Ghostbusters remake is more to do with
the fact that they're remaking the
Ghostbusters than it does of the fact
that they're women yeah and women or men
or something in between I got to be
funny and the trailer wasn't funny III
was against it when I thought it was
gonna be like like what's this name Seth
Seth Rogen Seth Rogen and and and and
and crew I figured they'd be the ones
that would end up sure yeah absolutely
against the bed that's that's very true
here bat I don't want you bat I don't
want to deal with you I was gonna say
Seth MacFarlane but I knew that wasn't
right
Seth mechanics something that I hate
this wasn't Adam Sandler Oh God Adam
Sandler and what's this what's-his-face
what's his fat face about marble bulb
paul blart as the new ghost but what you
could have gotten you could have gotten
that be thankful it's female
Ghostbusters David Spade David Spade is
Egon absolutely somehow I'm even though
I'm starting with more health I'm
definitely dying more mmm-hmm are you
getting cocky about the fact you have
more help Kevin James yes Kevin James
maybe no die I'm Dan MacFarlane would
have been the worst yeah
this is all I'm saying like in the in
the grand scheme Oh
oh yeah Bob older-style in the grand
scheme of remakes we might be getting
the least offense no yeah it's still a
Ghostbusters remake which something we
don't need Ben and no matter who's me
it doesn't look funny would have loved
to see a British Ghostbusters with Simon
Pegg and Nick Frost maybe no no see yeah
rich rich is just anti anti Ghostbusters
roommate
I have heard of the worst idea in the
world podcast where - New Zealand guys
watch and review grownups - every week
for a year yep yeah how do we know
they're watching then they stream them
watching it I can Omar they just faking
the discussion continually that's a good
question it depends on how absurd they
get because you can tell when someone
has really lost their marbles mentally
I'm gonna say nobody has that kind of
patience I think it's quite a schtick
I'll tell you that
last if those guys have a new podcast
called till death do us Blart where they
watch paul blart to every Thanksgiving
until the end of time just Thanksgiving
that seems kind of easy see I think that
would be the fun part of the podcast is
like thinking of new things to talk
about because you're doing a podcast
where you where you talk about grown-ups
to every week and you know you could you
could probably get a couple weeks worth
of material out of that right but then
you still have to talk about grown-ups
too what do you talk about and I think
that's where that's where you can get a
lot of comedy I think there's there's
value in that there's potential
occasionally I'm losing myself on the
screen you know the shit that's blowing
up yeah I think that's purposeful I had
a lot of random movies on the farm
nothing nothing big nothing good
I mean we would rent movies ever once in
a while so I got to see the new stuff as
far as moving
oh that's good we might be fatiguing we
might be fatiguing wrench I think you're
right it is midnight it is probably time
to call it talk more on poop again oh I
love poop again
yeah began it was it was a really dumb
idea I had and give one more shot and
some people I know or were kind enough
to indulge me and this really dumb IV I
had here's what while saying this is a
really dumb idea yeah this is well what
I can say is I had this vision for poop
again you know where would be five short
episodes and you put up all five
episodes and each would be incredibly
short and then at the very last minute I
got done editing each individual episode
was getting ready to post them
individually to the Funny or Die and at
the last minute I chickened out and
uploaded them as one whole video so it
was like a fight it was five minutes of
one minute episodes you know five
minutes of five one-minute episodes and
I was really upset at myself for
chickening out like yeah you should be
yeah so when I uploaded it to youtube
later I uploaded it in the correct
fashion
but I chickened out because I was like
ah you know the first one because the
first one is not like the strongest
episode and you kind of like in my mind
I was like how you kind of have to watch
all five of them to get all the jokes so
I'll just put them together you know and
I felt bad I've always felt bad about
chickening out at the last minute yes
you should yeah oh my oh yeah and you
get to see me if you see me and poop
again and full long hair beard combo you
see I have super long hair still balding
but long hair and my big beard wasn't
long yeah what was wrong with you I I
don't know rich I decided for some
really dumb reason to grow my hair out
even though I was balding in front and
so I had hair past my ear
you know like Pat like chin length hair
always run from the bats and it looked
ridiculous but you know I went with it
I didn't I do well you know what I know
I did look good with hair when I had a
full head of hair I I was I well I think
I don't remember anymore it's been too
long but as soon as I started balding
should have pulled that trigger on
shaving my head but I didn't
20 closest do you have to eat before you
get a help I don't know if you've eaten
any
I'm watching
they're like a corpse counter yeah I
thought that thing was the corpse
counter but maybe now because you've
been eating corpses no oh they go you
just came on I didn't get helpful didn't
you know
oh you gained a health from from getting
the weapon upgrade yeah I don't know
it's oh there you go you just came on is
it every so many my you know my guess is
probably ten you said omnomnom yeah I
wonder what check with the collective
hair you can see me what I look like
with her in videos and other things
we've done with hair I've had hair I
mean you were you in poop in yeah yeah I
play I wash poop again you watch poop
again and see me with with hair I think
they mean like a full head of hair and
then I'd have to find some like high
school pictures
cuz high school was the last time I had
a full head of hair now watch some of
the early best of the worst recently it
was weird
you and hair oh my god yeah when I still
had like the the crown oh that was awful
that was an awful choice
a person
when I had balding hair and a beard I
look like Jared Harris distinguished I
don't know who Jared Harrison's
distinguished maybe every once in a
while I do think oh you frog
yeah those frogs are bitches rich
bitches yeah and I had hair in the
plinker views and a beard in the play
curve you know Tiger News a well trimmed
beard but where's that Apple I get that
Apple I find out what the white does
yeah what's with that white this is
farther than either of us have gotten no
I've gotten to this one I mean yeah oh I
didn't see this I've only gotten to this
one I haven't I have not gotten any
further than this I gotta get rid of
that burst yeah you do
is it just the worst yes
as I'm sure you're probably aware those
red ones if you land on them the spikes
come yeah yeah so you do have a chance
to jump off but no you can do rich burst
is the worst
that weight bar let's grow assuming I
get a bonus health if that gets full
that'd be great because remember I had
full health I gained the Apple four for
health that probably filled the white
bar up instantly that's my thinking I
don't know the white players under your
health bar when you get health ups and
you're already maxed you fill the white
bar fill for wipeouts to get into the
health point okay thank you
I still have fucking burst Tiberius Kirk
I'm sorry I had want to watch her to
play the game
oh nice dribble okay and five health
nice
he's rich
oh that was nasty I was like a boss
nice rich oh yeah
Thai beer is definitely like its if it's
on set this game is on sale until the
21st so you have a couple more days to
come up with one dollar and fifty cents
everybody totally worth it what is that
laser sight oh just to kind of tell you
where you're falling there were a lot of
bad options yeah hey you got further
yeah I did great
you got an egg genie I use that fucker
every I'm great for quick boiled eggs
what's an egg genie that sounds great
egg genie
what cooks up to seven hard medium or
soft eggs oh that's an egg boss an
electronic egg cuca how long does it
take to cook the eggs yeah every other
color is gross
yeah open up URL I love eggs I eat eggs
every day
clear tops allows you to view eggs while
cooking eggs yes I love viewing eggs
while I cook eggs it's my favorite thing
to do what I need is a Raleigh egg
master that's not a real thing now
you're just making stuff up don't make
stuff up
I'm Google search don't use your
imaginations Wow master if this isn't a
real thing hands-free automatic electric
vertical nonstick easy quick egg cooker
wot wot
how many eggs is a cook at a time that's
the question
oh yeah Roley yes
Oh God it makes like it makes your eggs
look like a like an egg dildo it takes
your eggs in it like cooks them in a
tube so you can like oh those are that's
a gross man I don't want an egg I don't
wanna I
dildo look at that that's so fucking
gross who wouldn't want to eat an egg
like that I'm so upset I'm so upset by
saying that I'm that egg genie though
I'm adding that to my list don't give me
one of them cook my eggs let me read the
reviews while rich finishes this up
yeah any time you want to be done man
once you pull up the I don't know that
Watchers on the computer
burped out the brain can't handle
anymore
nanny work good game good game down well
yeah thanks to whoever suggested down
well Oh
oh my god it's very late
it's very very late um just this guy you
know 15 months in a row
urban vermin toad decimals Nick Nevinger
boogy boogy bit ceratin yep check a leg
35:22 fucking months in a row for built
el argentina argentina jugs test mister
glitch sixteen months in a row are
Miller
April I love you twenty fucking months
in a row
servo zero eighty six purple space
bazooka 14 months in a bazooka in a
shack
no no you do it go all the way you go
purple space then bazooka that's how you
do that if you're gonna do that yeah I
had my computer
nasty flawed blue good one East Google I
think it's supposed to be splurgle and
also I missed one the one above blue
girl just de bourree HK fourteen months
in a row fleshy patch eighteen months in
a row baby Slayer one five six eighteen
months in a row kai yes le yeah yeah
silly
Caillou Philly unpowered raindrop
eighteen months in a row Quinn some yak
eighteen months in a row and creep
'mobile twelve months in a row thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
we really do thank you so much also
anonymous wanted to give us a quick tip
before we left saying fol de sexy
bitches on the screen boom you had a
picture of him up and behind behind us I
do yeah you did also MC Lucas 21 fucking
months in a row have a nice night y'all
