Nov 20, 2016
Planet Coaster, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, Bookworm Adventures 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iM52UUfuaS4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr26Jkx3PXM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/800434424252923905

[Part I]
it is also I'm maybe an inch over five
feet tall on a good day yep and he's you
know an inch or two under six if that so
he's got a foot on me in general okay
one of the music stop for the game where
I had just turn though I turn I put it
on silent well we were just to hear it
again
of course they do stop now I cannot go
over to together I couldn't stop her
from playing this game she's already got
a whole damn park built and that's just
my first kind of experimental Park
really oh it's your despair mental Park
I'm sorry yeah now in those times that I
didn't know when I started building my
park and I finally like started to learn
how to build buildings and I've
discovered how that there's like a
workshop where other people's steam
workshop or other people's buildings are
that I can well start start with the
basics but what the hell is this game
okay this is the spiritual successor to
rollercoaster tycoon 3 I mean it's it's
it's a theme park simulator it's not too
big on the management elements it's well
to be fair I don't think you've you just
played around on the sandbox so that's
the thing people are complaining and
probably legitimately that you know it's
too easy in terms of Manton elements so
though I haven't really tried to play a
scenario but still I mean but yeah like
it's somebody who likes to build rides
and build buildings and just make stuff
and then watch little imaginary people
run around in it it's your dream come
true
so what what do you do in this game
where how do you what do you do you you
you hit the play button and it plays you
hit the play button and and you create
little theme parks and then you can ride
the rides you can hire people and
entertainers and and janitors and
and then you know they get pissed off
because their jobs boring so then you
placate them with training or work oh
this is just I learned how to build
things so I built one of these things
and then I from like like parts that are
in the game yeah I mean there's like
four of these little you duplicated them
because you learned how to duplicate
that the day yeah yeah they really don't
do much maybe I could put them on top of
a castle it was basically me seeing how
to create an object and how to duplicate
that object and how to set that object
this one is set to trigger automatically
when they pass this piece of track but
that's what like how do you build an
object like what do you look like are
they just like blocks what is worth
building and those are buildings yes
those are buildings custom and then you
have like things like walls and stuff
where is it why is it not showing up
okay so here's a wall
oh it's fine a bigger wall and then if
you hold shift you can first I got to
put the wall down here here's the wall
they kind of automatically stack okay
shifted oh you can rotate the pieces
I'll get the last stream steps we're in
a talking about roller planet planet
coaster right I was want to say roller
tycoon well there was first there was
roller-coaster tycoon and it had some
expansion packs and there's roller
coaster tycoon 2 which just had kind of
more stone 3 and its own expansion packs
2 and 1 are look very similar but
they're both like an ISO you know four
views yeah can make things a little bit
fake 3d yeah fake 3d which can make
things a little bit tricky when you're
trying to build a ride because it's hard
to see like if things don't line up with
only four views it's hard to see why
it's it's a perfectly circular train
because Karyn was just experimenting
with building things her yeah I just put
down out loud I just put down the
station and said connect them because I
wanted to
work with the the timing for things to
go off when the train went by them this
is an utterly boring park you want to
see a better park but you could build
your own house basically yes you can
build a house you can build more than
your own house like like users can
upload this shit too right yes like it
for speed saying like what people built
what if people built with this thing
well some really amazing shit let's see
under what no my blueprints ok these are
things I downloaded from the Steam
Workshop these are things that other
people built here's like a saloon and
the people can go inside here and that's
just built out of the parts they have I
think it's really neat yeah and it's
built around shops so there's like a
shop in here and I think there's a
bathroom in this one and then like
beauty's castle kind of and that's
that's just entirely a whole castle just
built with users like but just by
placing walls around that's that's deep
yeah and I they might be able to go
inside here let me see if you can build
a path to it pass over here hmm I'm
still getting used to figure out how to
do things with other people's stuff it's
fine like these trees are clearly too
far up right you can see their roots the
fact this whole thing is floating so I
should probably move that to be further
down but let me show you yeah my current
park that I'm working on okay Park
experiments Park 1 Oh
sandbox Park 8 yeah whenever I did
something major might have heard
something I kind of saved a new when I
owned up deleting half of those this one
like I said I built this one and I
didn't know what I was doing so you know
but it still turned out kind of ok so
this is the park and you can zoom in and
you can rotate like you can rotate your
way all the way underground and you can
rotate into things and then you can also
pan this way doesn't seem to have the
edge scrolling thing at this point
where's my mouse and there's all kinds
of little rides and you can ride the
little rides which is kind of awesome
and you know a little dinky rides like
can you ride the teacups yes okay and
okay so here's a person and they're not
happy see I I had too many people in my
park so I closed all the rides and then
takes a while to leave and they get
miserable while they're waiting so I
don't really care but yeah you can you
can click on a person and then you can
see their thoughts and like what's in
their hands and they bought like a
cheeseburger it'll be in one of the
hands and after that yeah and on their
head because you could buy hats but you
can click on somebody and then you can
get their view of stuff so here's a
cinematic view of them first-person yeah
and it's not perfect like you can kind
of walk through people sometimes and
sometimes people's glasses with their
eyes attached are kind of running around
but yeah look oh you almost brought a
milkshake almost he didn't he didn't
quite get the milkshake I think you're
gonna have to fire your milkshake person
they did not do a good job of selling
the milkshake and you've got like
there's like entertainers I saw that
woman right here someone oh here's the
Tiki dude it kind of dances around so
like like Disney World like the people
dressed like Mickey Mouse is what that
is thing yeah except Mickey Mouse's head
isn't done fire yeah that seems like God
that seems like a dangerous thing it
seems like a safety issue I don't know
that that costume is OSHA approved say
you can ride the rides it's kind of
cooler riding roller coasters and this
is like a oh my god this why is it
rocking back and forth because it's the
star thing and it's got like my god yeah
I know like okay here's here's something
about me I don't really like thrill
rides I mean I'm glad they're there for
people who like them you know God bless
them and enjoy but whoopsies but uh no
am I
okay I think not really where am I
think I'm like lost here am i
underground or something oh this is like
I am underground this is a view of the
sky through the ground you glitched out
of the park can you get back to normal
are you stuck get to reload your hip
yeah going somewhere
wait a sec
all right let's go to guests no rides
sure bring that right over there
my god so you know of course there are
lots of animatronics so right now I have
a you show off the tentacles I have a
crack and tentacle animatronic coming
out of the water like pull it up like
when it's not in the water like you
could see the hydraulics on this thing
like oh yeah yeah you have scenery and
paths extras all nature arch so just
decorative fringe stuff you can put
around all kinds of decorative stuff
like a would you say you love this game
this game is my child I I was addicted
hopelessly to roller coaster tycoon 3
for a while and that was like 10 years
ago
and now look the sleeping dragon hmm no
I'm really bad at navigate you're not
used to 3d games it should be noted yes
in fact I was telling rich I'm like look
look the shadows are animated and like
they move with the Sun and rich is like
yeah that's kind of par for the course
just like yeah Doom 3 is like all about
shadow physics or something and unless
they've been doing that for 10 15 years
it's yeah yeah the thing like shadows
I've done that been there done that
I'm I'm more of a you know so-called
casual gamer I mean I like my those fine
young clones and all that stuff and I
like sand boxes
look there's another dragon breathing
fire and but you could say I like that
you could see the animated like the the
amber tronic guts of these things like
you can see the little metal thing going
up the Dragons stomach and you can set
the lighting that leaves them on it to
be daylight you can make it daylight and
if you want it to be night all the time
all of a sudden it's night and there's
lighting where's your setting up like a
laser light show fireworks
mm-hmm no I don't think I any fireworks
go in too much but are there actual
firework fireworks that you can set up
not in this one no no we're in the other
one in three it's a hamburger shop oh
the pirate song is great you're that
they're like seeing something similar to
right a yokai yodeled oh you're young
but I'm sorry if I'm swearing in some
language somewhere
apologies if anything IR they said is
like you know a terrible thing about
somebody's mother and some obscure
regional dialect of some country
somewhere that's the janitor you hired I
like his animation yeah and there's like
animatronic people having gunfights and
all kinds of crazy rides you have to
find a witch ride that one's really cool
here's my train in the Train
I built a I built a tunnel for the train
to go through and then when the train
goes through the tunnel there's like
explosions and stuff that are set off
little ones my tunnel so so what do you
want to do tonight you want to build a
new park Oh
maybe and it's not entirely up to you
have build a new park sure just keep
showing off this one and I'm gonna show
this one just a little bit oh sure
you're proud of it I understand that
when I put some gears here yeah well I
mean it's not perfect like I said it's
it's basically my first Park I mean I I
did slap some rides down in caller Park
the first couple of hours I had it but
then the next day I started a new park
and it's this one and I just you know
kind of spend like five hours of this I
hold this which ride is so cool is there
an available goal to make this a game
like make X money in Y days yes Wow okay
yes that's this is sandbox mode where
you have like unlimited money in it
which is what do you kind of prefer -
that's what I like which is what I
really like I like just building stuff
yeah and playing with it but yeah
there's there are definitely scenarios
is this like The Sims where you can be
cruel and mess with little computer
people um well so far I haven't found
the ability to drown them but but um
there's a video I got to find the video
you want you to set that up yourself
okay yeah apparently like the people are
indestructible but they're not real
happy if they get run over and they
don't die they don't seem to die and
guys
dust themselves off and like look like
they're maybe swearing at you but just
all the detail of all the detail on
these houses and things look at all that
and yeah okay so like maybe that's
welcome to the 21st century Karen but
this is my birthday present from rich is
my birthday's tomorrow
you're letting them know that I'll track
you down Oh No
is it yeah I guess that's but I'm
try to find my hamburger I built a
hamburger you can't find your hamburger
oh no got so much stuff here something
by the train station there's the other
part of it
Ernest here's my hamburger does they
have like you can buy like they're stuck
different parts of the of the burger and
then you stack them off individually
you got the patty and the bun and I like
my hamburger
sure sure a roller coaster show ma show
a ride you know first person view on a
ride all right that's right some of
these rides are like nauseating watch
yeah this one's not that bad because
they're just spending they're not going
up and down too
of course you could just wing the view
around yourself wow I have attention to
detail incredible it's gotta be a lot of
work to build this stuff they need more
themed buildings for each theme but it
seems like the users explain me excited
what do each theme like I have like like
if you go and like say chaps and
facilities yeah there's the generic
boxes that you can build scenery around
or just plop down as is but you can take
that generic box and you can build like
a theme to build it you can build like a
castle around it yeah and the castle
will be like a G stand or sometimes yes
it adds functionality functionality to
random bits of stuff but then there's
also the blueprint ones so like for
instance the Jedi chess has happy
birthday thank you there's a burger
store there's a chief beef store there's
a fairy tale village food kiosk a pirate
shop planet coaster food sci-fi chief
beef and village shops so there's like
kind of like a village theme and pirate
theme and a sci-fi theme and like a but
not hails name there's kind of a Tiki
thing but it's like every type of
building of
available and everything or if you want
the pirate ice cream cone shop you have
to take a generalize cream cone shop and
build pirate stuff around it okay
I mean it's possible that all the major
shops are or represented but okay so
here's a Caribbean first aid station and
a pirate first aid station if you want a
ferry there's no sci-fi first aid
station you're Sol what's the first aid
station look like place that's I'm just
you know don't save it just okay oh you
can see you can raise or lower your
buildings I mean it doesn't do much good
heavenly the ground doesn't can you make
a Westworld yes you can I think that's
the whole point in fact it seems like
much of the user created content is is
Western themes really it's a good look
huh
and then I don't know how you're
supposed to just get out of things in
general I used to just double-click the
park management thing mmm and there's
all you know you put in lights let me go
back to daylight though it's easier to
see things to general does anybody want
to ride a roller coaster I'm sure people
want to ride a roller coaster yes
go today first day date let him see it I
don't know it looks alright night I'll
do day in a minute
yeah
see I would never write this I spend my
like early adolescence some people
telling me just try it you'll like it
you'll get used to it and I come to the
conclusion that yes I can make myself
ride them anxiety about it or no but
I'll never enjoy it so why should I make
the lines longer for other people if
there was some compelling reason like if
it was you know ending global poverty or
something for me to ride these rides I
would certainly do it but many many
years ago like 20 years ago we were we
were much younger and you had me go with
you and your sister to the amusement
park because your sister likes the scary
rides you know I don't and that I I
would be your excuse not to go on scary
rides I wish your back up and she got
you to go on that damn roller coaster
anyway no that was Becky that got me
those Becky a rollercoaster anyway all
right whatever
raging something I know it's like a
wooden coaster but it's not the the
American Eagle that's a good Six Flags
Six Flags Great America yeah and you
talked you talked me into going on the
Cajun cliffhanger you said now it's not
gonna make you dizzy yeah here's the
thing there's they have those
centrifugal rides and it's like I find
that they don't really make you dizzy as
long as you keep your head in one
position they just feel like pressure on
your chest can you address this for me
so it's not like way away from my mouth
there but if you move your head outside
of the plane that you're in then it
feels like somebody just turned the room
on its side and so we got rich to go on
this and I told him I'm like don't I
think I said like don't move your head
back and forth or something and he moved
it up and down or something I don't know
but I didn't know people could turn
green like for real like he just about
turned green like a grayish color and he
puked though it could have been the
cheese fries
I don't think I had those before my
sister is one of one of those people who
likes to put ketchup on her cheese fries
I think that's sacrilege she's a
wonderful woman but she just what she
does to cheese fries that made me sick
all over yeah she's she's a lovely human
being but she just does not know how to
eat her cheese fries
what else can we ride this is another
ride I would catch him should be nowhere
near cheese yeah it's okay to put cheese
on your fries it's okay to put ketchup
on your fries it's okay to put
mayonnaise on your fries but you just
just of course it's not as bad bad as my
friend James that yeah you know him the
crazy driver
oh okay James in high school I I knew
this guy and I'm still in touch with him
but he would take even get two slices of
pizza okay mmm like hot lunch pizza
which is kind of iffy to begin with yeah
it wasn't the worst hot lunch beats I've
had the worst hot lunch pizza but it
wasn't good hot lunch pizza and he would
first he would put salt all over it and
then he would get like 15 packets of
mayonnaise and he would spray yes I kid
you not
I'm the fucking pizza I'm the fucking
pizza well no wonder he has brain damage
and the one day possibly before and then
the one the one day hehe this pizza was
hot so when he blew it all over me and
and I don't even remember this I like
left my body I was so pissed off that
that his impatient ass got pizza sauce
state testes one two three trying turn
turning down some settings we'll see how
that works
can anyone hear us probably almost
certainly we're way ahead on the married
people start to look alike thing one
because were both wearing caps yeah I
gave me a roll for ya this is kind of my
I rolled out of bed and hey let's stream
continue you just had Mayo blown on you
oh yeah and I just went apoplectic and
started screaming right in the middle of
the lunchroom there are witnesses but I
don't remember doing it turn to a red
hey you don't understand my little
chapter keeper was my nerdy little life
it hits flats for my pens all right it's
my fly open no it's not you're just
fucking with me but it was worth
double-checking you know I don't think
your crotch is on camera you could be
like okay lately naked from the waist
down I could be like so my flashing my
fly is definitely open is what you're
saying I'm saying that I could be like
touching you and nobody would even know
okay so like let me let me go to like
build a park mode here let's just
something in here anybody wants to ride
roller coasters water rides why was
stream three second PC because we don't
have a second PC here would probably the
number one reason what I thought was
interesting is when I like phase
excellently phase through this the water
is like a single layer sheet yeah like
you'd expect it I don't know real water
would fill the thing you expect that to
be real water in the game no but I
expect it to be like water down to here
like filled with water but no there's
like water sheet and then there's like
it's empty
yeah like oh gosh I'm sorry
all this is sorry little faces no trust
me
little kids kick their feet a little
penny fingers last free when I couldn't
reach Epps LLL fuck my Cox's hey rich
glad you liked the Evil Dead shirt
essentia hope J like this as well yes
thank you for the shirt it's nice the
red epic says show would be I was
playing I was playing Dishonored 2 which
is a lot like thief as a long time thief
lover I think that Dishonored 2 looks
pretty interesting how are you liking it
so far in comparison especially with the
extra magic like abilities that are
accessible later on
I miss darkness being a factor I also
missed like the light gem having some
idea that I've concealed pretty much
it's pretty good pretty good
televises what you know what's gonna
start new park it start a new perk
low-rises thanks for the solo stream
last stream rich bought a copy of new
key and I'm sending it your way also
going to my first comic-con tomorrow
yeah they don't have any copies a new
key every being any advice says every
ever I'm something ever been any advice
I remember a few Comic Cons we were I
know we went together some years ago to
the cup one in Chicago yeah don't go
with a stick in the bud I went one year
with Mike and some other friends and one
of my friends his sister went I don't
know if she drove or what but we're
there 40 minutes and she wanted to go
home why'd she whined until we left I
mean I'm not even a huge comic book
person or or or a real big gamer and I
enjoyed it there I didn't see a fucking
quarter of what they had and
she was jonesing for a cigarette and
annoyed and we had to leave immediately
because when I went with you I mean I
found I bought my first one or the cute
little dead girl comic books and I
thought they were adorable and I got
some Living Dead Dolls of them died in
doom and I the first time I heard of
Living Dead Dolls just with their just
buried accessories and stuff and there's
whatever kind of silly stuff you're into
it's there it's it seems hard for me to
believe that somebody could not enjoy it
it's like the Ren Faire you know
whatever you're into there's something
to do with it and that was that was that
was way back and then I was like high
school era so yeah she might have been
the only one with a license so what she
said me what wouldn't you know I don't
remember the details
I didn't she wanted to go home was like
we just got here what the fuck are you
talking about yeah I haven't seen jack
shit I really don't
see there's there's blueprint coasters
where you can just build one of these
plop down one of these pre-made ones or
you can edit it and then there's custom
and there's more in there but you have
to build them yourself I don't know if
anybody wants to watch me build
something I'm not that good at building
stuff yet I find the controls for moving
the track and shaping the track to be
kind of maddening in this game I'm used
to the way they're set up in
rollercoaster tycoon 3 that's one thing
about this only the bad or different
they're probably just different but I'm
having trouble with them until I have
reason to think otherwise I'm going to
assume it's just me yeah you can you can
rotate your rides or you can make your
rides up in the air for an extra do
Matic Kitty ferris wheel or you put them
in the ground I'm in assuming at some
point they can't access them like how
low can you go before it's like nope
well let you go well here's the thing
you put the ride down and then you need
to place an entrance so as long as they
can get to the entrance okay it
shouldn't really matter I mean if you
place that like beneath the ground
obviously that fucks and everything um
well alright so you want to let's build
a new one let's Jake a whole you do it
you want you drink you have the pathing
tools you can also do natural paths
I don't really like them I mean it's
just like the path and and now the path
is just ll assembly these marker things
which that's ugly it's I mean I get the
idea it's supposed to be like kind of
like a natural terrain thing but I think
it looks less out of place if you just
go with some kind of a relatively
natural looking path like the rock one
here
I like the way it looks and you then
when you like that little worm moving
around yeah that's gonna need and you
you can late you know path like
automatically kind of connects to itself
so you just write in cursive like go
fuck yourself I hadn't really thought
about it let's see let me go back one
we go and I guess you could if I get
back to this side I'm just gonna do your
last name is there any budget limit or
is it build whatever you want question
mark there's definitely a budget limit
if you're playing a scenario but you're
not playing this playing sandbox
basically I'm playing in the mode where
your god you have infinite money and you
can do whatever you want
Oh God usually like with these kinds of
games
I'm supposed to be three I have played
scenarios but I usually like to get used
to the controls and things first really
I mean just building like what the sims
my favorite thing was just building
houses this I like building
rollercoasters and even just scenery a
lot of like messing with scenery and
make building houses and things but
anyway I was gonna say you can you can
dig into the ground I think there's the
Train tool the push tool see it builds
around it doesn't sink your path
but then the rides
how's that actually like warps the
ground or on the the fence for that what
do you mean like the fence kind of goes
up but like part of the ride distorts
with the ground um no I won't let you
have it like this okay but if I build it
big enough I can have the ride down
inside of there yeah as long as it's not
touching the edges she can fill that
with water too yes
so you can have like here's your ride
and then you go to the water tool and
you can choose rough water or calm water
or standing water I'm not sure what the
differences or dirty water and you just
kind of click on the sides so now you've
got water and then you can build your
path one of the different water is no
play there's
dirty water one dirty water no does
anybody use the dirty water I guess we
want a monster coming out of it now I
don't know if you can I don't think you
can in this one build your past
I'll try build your path underwater in
like rollercoaster tycoon 3 there are
things where you can build the bill pass
underwater
mm-hm and do rides and things that go
underwater I'm not sure if you can do
that I know that you can do with
rollercoasters you can build
rollercoasters that they tunnel yeah so
that thing you know they can go through
the ground possibly go through water for
a haunted haunted amusement park dirty
water okay that would be cool dirty
water would probably look pretty good in
like the western themed things too true
very true against a background of sand I
think dirty water would look nice from
the other day solo stream my name is
Tate says rich your customary $10 tip
for solo streaming remember this is your
$10 and yours alone Jack will get his
when he solo streams nonnamous said
hayas did you ever get a chance to check
out those rich Evans Top Trumps cards I
tried sending you the image link a
couple of times we had different methods
but wasn't sure you ever saw them I I
have not I don't know if you're in if
you're in the chat today you could try
again I don't even know what the hell
you're talking about
go out with a hook set during my solo
stream just saying if tips aren't
working during solo stream they were not
read chef you guys played the Assassin's
Creed series
how does Dishonored 2 stealth compare
thanks for the surprise I've not played
much of Assassin's Creed I played a
little bit of the original and before I
got very deep into it I was bored to
tears
now is that like a first-person shooter
no military wanna that's like a sandbox
historical thing where you assassinate
people so I mean I think this is like
picture picture s that is you just want
to walk across that doesn't need a croc
in a Kraken or something in there or
maybe a you shipwreck you can do that
we're working on it now if you lower the
ground well the water adjusts
automatically like if you look lower
different section already I think the
water in the other one I think the water
disappeared let's see cuz honestly I
don't think I've done it yet
okay so terrain tool so you can also
paint terrain like if you want to have
like you know kind of a rocky looking
thing yeah yeah go the grass but um okay
so you wanted to lower to lower some
more land sculpting push oh no it does
rich oh nice what if you just stood
somewhere else like this is the water
table just underneath everything no no
no you can just have does this with just
a depression yeah
but that now we need some pond monsters
and things don't you think I think yeah
no horde scenery props special effects
where's the animatronics blueprint this
time it's new pieces
happy birthday Karen thank you big fan
of rollercoasters
I haven't been to Six Flags in a long
time though even though I lived 30
minutes from Great America the big
wooden one is probably American Eagle it
is no but there's another one it was a
different one they had time yeah because
the big wooden white one like painted
white being washed
is the Eagle and like the one that they
put like a giant spider on at
Thanksgiving and you can see it from the
highway this is another one the the
eagle is the one that occasionally they
run it backwards for a bit so they get
the wood to warp the other way is that
why they do it I've heard that's what
I've heard so that it doesn't eventually
just collapse look at that you can see
you can see like under parts of it
underneath the animatronics but see the
water it's like the water is like one
layer I'm sorry you can't like walk
around underwater I'm sorry you're not
supposed to walk around underwater and I
think you couldn't in the other video
game that was themed like this alright
let's see what this with the
animatronics in this does okay so
there's a cracking okay kindness so it's
kind of sticking out where you can see
that you could pull it down a little bit
lower and you wouldn't see that but this
is the right height for that boat so I
think I'll just leave it of course it
probably should face the other way if
it's a bowl yeah well he's tack on the
boat oh is that the idea yeah okay yeah
we'll leave it like that
let's go put a tentacle we find the
tentacle and put it over there
wash the boat on some rocks
I find it kind of frustrating and like
the zoom in just the right amount with
the right stuff
sonic mousetrap says my local park has
the Jackrabbit a coaster that was built
in 1921 every time I'm there I wonder is
this the year the 90 year old wooden
coaster brakes hmm so really I can't
fault Karin's opinion there's a at Great
America and I mean at least last time I
was there they had one called the
Whizzer and I actually enjoyed that one
it's like it goes down and it's like
it's sort of being a steep drop it's
like almost freakin level
wooden coasters like dramatically more
expensive to build these days is they
have to thrill the the creaky noises and
things that they make I'm wondering how
much they cost relatively speaking and
they probably can't do as many you know
exciting things yeah they can do any
inversion with the wooden one so there
any inverted wooden coasters pay money
to here rich heavens read my message in
monotone oh who knows what their
messages I see sonic mousetrap said my
local park has the Jackrabbit a coaster
that was built in 1921 every time I'm
there I wonder is this the year the 90
year old wooden coaster brakes so really
I can't fault Karen's opinion that
better motherfucker there's so much
stuff here that I have trouble finding
it sometimes I think there's a crack in
tentacle oh there's like a lot of
elements here and I'm not sure like
these two boys and things I'm not sure
exactly what you're supposed to do with
them because they're not painted can
maybe can you paint them all right let's
put one of these there and we'll see
what we can do with this piece of
macaroni
Oh
okay where's my dad there are inverted
wooden coasters even though it's wood
instead of real wood usually it's
nowadays all steel reinforced trust me I
am from the internet hey everything we
read on the Internet is true twisted
Colossus and Six Flags Magic Mountain
here in SoCal and verts but it doesn't
loop it twists around there's also a
wooden coaster at Great America that
goes upside down twice the Goliath the
only the only amusement park I've ever
spent much time in was the Six Flags
Great America and Gurnee Illinois I like
going there for like Halloween for their
Fright Fest but that I'm not I'm not a
big ride person I wouldn't ride the
Timberwolf at this point is the timber
wolf made out of timber because that's
pretty cute if it is what do you I mean
what do you get out of the wooden just
the the the aesthetics
I guess the noise the creak the thought
that oh maybe this thing is gonna
collapse and kill me is that when you
get out of wooden
the only real wooden coaster that
inverts is the Hades 360 at Mount
Olympus in the Wisconsin Dells remember
when we wanted for the Dells in what was
it August oh yeah we went there okay so
we we went there in the first consoles
which is people who don't know from
Madison Wisconsin it's a water park town
it's it's it's a tourist trap they got
lots of themed lots of theme parks
mostly water parks gone I just needed
background what was kind of those what
Shauna might not know and what so so
Wisconsin Dells has a main two main
streets and one of them is mostly shops
and the other one is amusement parks
they've got Noah's Ark which is like one
of if not the country's biggest water
park in Wisconsin of all places and
where it's not you know can't be used
for a good chunk of the year and August
we once there's in the years and years
ago first week of August you know every
August the dog days of summer
you know those uh-huh yeah 55 was the
well we know we we went there and it was
warm and it was sunny on the way there
it was perfectly Pleasant we got there
and the two days were there the highs
were in the lower 50s
the highs in August beginning of August
the warmest point of summer at least
close to it yeah but one day worked out
our family we went to the the Mount
Olympus go-cart thing yeah I how many
different code cart tracks they got but
you say goat go-cart okay no we're not a
goat kottar happen to be that wouldn't
be much of a thrill is 55 out and
drizzle and we had web we were just warm
enough I guess but I remember we got we
had a running apart zero lines on
anything yeah we just rode the go-cart
over and over again and over and over
again
let's go cab yeah but uh you know they
think if people running it we're happy
for a little company and or possibly
like it to move but they have like they
have like a Trojan horse themed go-cart
track go-cart track that you can ride up
it's like tiered and you can ride all
the way up to the top of it and see the
whole part more or less kinda I know
that was probably bout 30 40 feet but
it's it's impressive it's the best
go-kart track I've ever seen also we
went to one of the parks that had like
indoor and outdoor stuff and for about
20 minutes we ran up and down like all
of when it went up and down all the
water slides like running to keep warm
and then we went inside and went in the
hot tub and then we went in the indoor
slides well when when Velma our friend
Velma
mm-hm she and I went to to the Dells
yeah probably in about 2003 we went
there we went there to Noah's Ark we
went there right around dinnertime and
it was the only time I've ever been glad
for being fat because there were all
these little kids there like stand there
and she and I are like ladi Dadi died
waiting for these rides and the crowds
weren't bad we got one of those double
passes when we went for part of the day
the next day and I got a really bad
summer sunburn and then I had to drive
to Door County but that's another should
replace everyone's name with a
scooby-doo character oh yeah well except
for Fred because we did know one friend
at some point well that James person we
called him James
he's definitely shaggy he's definitely
shaggy then again we didn't say Fred's
last name wasn't either one at your work
who actually threatened to go on a
shooting spree no he didn't threaten to
go on a shooting spree he told one would
have my career he wasn't one of my
co-workers who's about six at the
grocery store he came to me and he said
that that this person had told him
possibly joking
hopefully joking that that he was gonna
he was gonna start shooting people or
something
and all the tall people because this
person is almost as short as I am and
male and he said he was gonna start
shooting shooting all the tall people
and the person he said this to was over
six feet and this person asked me do you
think he's serious what are we gonna do
it's less creepy so you can take that
you take him seriously it probably
wasn't serious I told him I we had a
department head at the time was this
smart level-headed Vietnam vet guy nice
man had been in the business for a long
time and I said why don't you ask him
what you what he thinks you should do so
he went to the HR lady or to the store
manager and to make long story short the
person who maybe made the joke about
shooting people for psychological
counseling
I guess they decided he didn't really
plan on shooting people maybe they told
him that that kind of joke is it really
that funny and he's still there they're
both still with that company I'm not
anymore but they're both they both still
work with that company so and and
neither one of them has shot anybody or
been shot by anybody so it worked out ok
but yeah if you're at work don't make
jokes about shooting people what's
what's going on with your part and I was
like when you and you put in a note but
it seemed or something it automatically
wants to warp to the terrain and I'm
having trouble straining about they
don't seem to like the monster why are
they turning away because there are no
rides open oh that rides not open yeah
open that ride it would probably make
them happier so you have to open the
rides open the ride so you can open ride
you can close rides you can test rides
if it's a ride that can be customized
you have to test it this one's just open
to closed ok boom open now they're gonna
start riding it they're saying the cube
looks fast yeah you think so they love
it when park entry is free that one's a
little thirsty
they refusing to leave why are they on a
treadmill by the exit gate I might be
stuck or something they're stuck on each
other I don't know
they think it they get confused and
start defying the laws of physics like
I'll have like 700 people who want to
take the same train home and they'll
like literally be in like three squares
and like just sitting there in this
writhing massive overlapping humanity
tonic mousetrap says I like the monotone
dammit it's part of the charm just when
I read the tips do you want to read you
want to read this one at the top and
monotone read it first make sure make
sure something you would actually want
to read before you start reading at a
jokey voice but hi YouTube thanks for an
early and adorable stream question for
Karen I noticed you occasionally say
some words in German and I'm curious if
there's any reason behind it
feelig Russa from Munich McKean nice dr.
doom it up i I don't speak it fluently I
studied it for four years in high school
which for a while ago yet for well they
said like for college reasons it was
better to take two or four so yeah it
took four I liked it I really enjoyed it
so I know some words in German and yeah
I like German and I know a little bit of
it
you went there yeah went there I went
there I was there for two weeks we went
to Berlin Berlin and we ended in Munich
actually we were in Austria too you know
it was strike in in the tea row in
Innsbruck so that's how I sounded they
say the monotone is how I sounded before
I met rich hey Bryden everyone's like oh
yeah Germany Germany is a great country
it's just I'd love to travel all over
the place she's been there she's no
Queen Amidala what she's talking about -
I didn't remember
she's had no personality I am The Queen
I must save my people
why did I agree to be in this movie I
saw that movie it's just been a long
time they need some restaurants or
something don't they don't know tracks
tracks pass
needs to be more nasally what by Queen
Amidala a may say if made people my
people they have no bungholes no bone
holes your throne it's beavis and
butthead and there it why not
everybody loves the Beave of the bone
Karen your monotone sounds like Eeyore
and it's adorable that's what I was
going for thank you my tail fell off
again I I used to be pretty in the ER
and then everybody started to get me
giving me your gifts and then I kind of
got sexy or I mean he's cute and all but
you can have too much here it's nothing
nothing cuter than a depressed donkey
who wants to die Hey I think I'll just
shoot myself now that would be more like
Marvin the Paranoid they say he's the
Paranoid Android but yes it struck me is
especially paranoid mostly just Marvin
from Oh Marvin from the trucker's guide
the galaxy the robot yeah yeah I'm
depressed but only someone with a brain
the size of the planet can understand
how truly wretched I feel yeah I think
when they said paranoid they'd just been
mental yeah paranoid android yeah yeah
head rolls off the tongue it does since
you were in the south of Germany did you
also see neuschwanstein I did it's
beautiful rich and I were just talking
about it there's the castle in this
which looks like it's a ripoff
it was wonderful somebody built castles
that somebody built looks like it's it's
inspired by the Disney Castle and Disney
Castle was inspired by a castle and in
southern Germany called neuschwanstein
which was built by king ludwig ii and i
think in the late late 19th century why
is it so famous just because it's pretty
yeah it's beautiful it's it's he was
ridiculed at the time for spending the
trend you know the I think that was
before that's Olaf Aaron I think it I
think it was before
that was when Bavaria was a contrarian
for Germany was united under a how to
fund Bismarck if memory serves
but I'm sure their German listener could
tell us yes schloss neuschwanstein I've
been there and a hohenschwangau which
they and I think that's where his
parents were from no I don't wish to eat
your shit but thank you for offering
this Jack speak German I don't think so
I don't I wouldn't say that I speak
German just that I know some German
enough that when I was in in Mexico and
a number of years ago I found myself
translating the tour guides broken
broken English into broken German for
some very confused middle-aged German
tourists but yeah that the castles are
just gorgeous on the inside and the
outside oh right Google and the chat
saying my sister-in-law my sister hola
her father used to give guides there he
told stories about drinking parties in
the throne room
after the castle closed for the night
sounds awesome and if I remember right
there's like stars painted in gold leaf
on the ceiling and stuff in the throne
room it's beautiful and I guess he spent
he spent a lot of money and everybody
you know was pissed off that he was
spending the Treasury and they they
called him crazy and he died
mysteriously in four feet of water even
though he was supposedly a good swimmer
his doctor was right there somebody
offed him or something but but but now
you know so many years later it's it's a
good source of revenue for them yeah the
country very in particular
yeah it's it's gorgeous in the Alps it
really is I've never had Hasenpfeffer
Jamil so Mazel Hasenpfeffer incorporated
so yeah I'm having a liver in a surely a
moment you're adorable
we went on a speaking of yeah I have a
tendency to jump topics but I'm a little
ADHD or something but rich and I went on
a tour up here in Milwaukee of the
brewery for how much one it was
he was lakefront brewery yeah they
bought the line from the actual the
actual line from the Schlitz plant that
they used to film the opening credits
for Laverne and Shirley and when they
show it off they they have a you know
like a cassette tape they push the
button and it plays a learn and Shirley
move music out of a boom box which I'm
sure they don't have the rights to use
but they use it anyway because the fuck
cares it's charming
she's good advertise you feel averted
Shirley I probably would give them
permission that shows beyond the point
of profitability I don't know they're
making money on Laverne and Shirley
right now it's not even on TV anyone
know but you could probably buy like a
DVD boxset or something all right
all right J and Karen's stream a Jash
stream I I barely know Josh she seems
like a really nice guy I just only run
into him a couple times we just haven't
got philemon up here a couple months
anyway
yeah shops
there's a village shop no I think I'll
put a bathroom in I'm totally looking
forward to the different user created
things and we've done any other brewery
tours yeah we did
lakefront distillery too they had this
like absent stuff that was just
fantastic because I love black licorice
and this is like you know just mm-hmm
hard liquor that's black licorice
flavored so it's so cute look I went
inside I followed little people inside
the bathroom and they don't do anything
to just walk in and walk back out I was
disappointed I was disappointed that you
didn't you know see them sit down on a
toilet with a little blower like The
Sims or something that's such a voyeur
with these games you say this too yeah
oh yeah I'm gonna go try to put some
people go for it
oh my god I'm gonna show that video just
recreated okay I'll try let me start a
new park well there's this park called
stream Park how about well your perch
got a lot of people in it right well you
just turn on the Rises dearest Karin
please excuse all of the fucktards that
say nasty stuff to you I just yeah yeah
you are great what your tolerance of
rich makes inexcusably clear thank you
for streaming I actually like him Oh
charge me nuts when number lock is
enough okay there we go
stream Valon we're calling this stream
though because just fine village nitrous
knock your socks off all right so we're
gonna save that Park I think I already
did but just in case yeah and then
you see if I could just see it would
take a lot of work to set it up because
I'd need to well I guess if I close the
park and set something up right at that
spot all right let me try yeah let me
try to kill some people the way Karen
will just offhandedly mention something
horrific and keep talking is amazing
like killing a bunch of yeah sure
actually they're indestructible but you
just make them unhappy they're made out
of rubber see in the original well in
one and two of original of roller
coaster tycoon you could like build
rides that were unsafe and then they
would explode there was they had one
with like a log flume with like dinghies
or whatever and these things would go
off the track and they would explode I
swear they were filled with hydrogen or
something it was great and in the
waterpark ones you could like launch
people way up into the air but um and
you could drown people don't grab them
if you could pick them up and they could
just drown drop them the water how long
did you play this the other day I I came
here to stream Dishonored 2 actually I
was here and was doing sava thought yeah
I might as well stream designer to I had
to play it anyway and at some point I
got kicked off cuz you logged on the
Steam to play this and I got that worked
out I didn't and you started playing
that day at like 3 and I think you
eventually stopped playing at 6 a.m.
you just went you just went planet
coaster crazy I just I love building
stuff and they're just standing on the
water I've got a hold of them I'm gonna
see what happens
oh I thought they were like Jesus no I
want to go close to them I want to see
if they drown
maybe I just can't let them down there
let them go I picked him up but I don't
know I'm going
maybe they vanished
they can't drown you can't drown them
I'm sorry that's not fair
well hello hello nothing that the mouse
- keyboard almost fell off my lap oh
okay okay it's sitting on the end of lap
desk it just wasn't balanced it is it's
not it's not like a Miss games so much
OBS no there's a lot of a lot of stuff
going on I mean look at the trees are
swaying in the leaves have imperfections
and I'm in love with the detail in this
game and look you can am Nick make a
p.m. I came first rate I've got a I've
got a dragon fire mine he's not
breathing fire and I've got a match on a
dragon and all these lights and I just
want to walk around this place so bad I
should let you do that well they should
let you visit your own park Oh in real
life I mean like leg actually have
somebody build what you've built yeah I
wish I can I mean I'm here I'm in
somebody I don't I don't think that's
that's feasible to me this isn't the
coolest now you put that that path
around the dragon's mouth were you
hoping the dragon would actually eat
somebody was that what you were thinking
I was hoping it would like pass over
them and look like it was or something
okay
I considered like putting a tree there
or something but the way things work it
would probably just send it with like
the tree going through the dragon and
that would just look weird or the dragon
going through the tree with like leaves
sticking out of the side of its head or
something can you buy cheap contaminated
food to increase your profit margin no
but that reminds me of or buy cheap
contaminated food and then and then
raised the price in the restrooms I was
I'm right now I'm reading this book
called chernobyl Diaries or voices from
Chernobyl and it's it's a bunch of like
excerpts somebody did interviews of in
like 2006 of people living in the
exclusion zone in like Belarus and the
Ukraine and whatnot and and and in
people who went back and resettled
Pripyat or ever you say it the town that
was built
okay just serve Chernobyl you know built
to house the people that were working at
the plant complex yeah but there was I
was reading rich and excerpt with
somebody this is somebody this is being
relayed by by one of the people being
interviewed and she said that she saw
somebody in the market selling big red
at delicious Apple so she's saying
apples bicha red you know bright red
pretty apples from Chernobyl and
somebody she said that somebody told her
don't don't say they're from Chernobyl
people won't buy them and and she said
oh they buy them anyway some need them
for their mother-in-law something either
for their boss a Russian no practical
about funny how deadly deadly Russians
have never had it could they had to
develop a sense of humor so many
tragedies at this I mean it's just I
love this game it's just pretty change
all these angles although I do find it a
little bit annoying that I have to use
the arrow keys and the mouse to get
around like both hands I'm a swish it
was like a controller could you use a
controller on this I don't do you want
to I know I'd make getting around easier
but it also might make placing things
harder so I know and when they go on the
water rides if they're wearing glasses
they like rub the water off with their
thumbs this is so many cute touches but
okay so let me see if I could find that
that thing about whether people are
getting killed cuz it's gonna take a
long time to set that up
you just want to see it as a video yeah
let's not set up to show that I can't
just go to youtube which is just showing
the game alright nevermind maybe at the
end of the stream we'll find it and get
that set up
okay that's pain in the button is there
any way you could just stream it off in
my chrome box or something look I mean
just just
no it's it's fine your alt-tab get to
get to Chrome or no we get to OBS or
don't know so much detail look at
they've got like individual chain links
yes
and you can go inside of it that's weird
it's where you can go inside of things
and I love like the way there's like
like on these things like anything
that's shiny there's like scratches and
imperfections to give it added realism I
mean I guess that's what games are like
these days and I'm just not with the
picture but no you're a behind the times
written games look pretty good these
days I mean look at that the folds in
the fabric I mean I'm just I'm in awe of
what what games can do these days I
think we've gotten to the point where
graphics don't really well people as
much as they used to
I'm gonna realize like this tree has
some things going on where it's kind of
like flat raised one 110 you don't need
money to ask me that I just don't have
an opinion on 30 rock I haven't seen
much 30 rock I don't watch much TV yeah
we watch some Netflix now and then but
we enjoyed narcos greatly we've kind of
powered through that go I know you're
excited about the library in season 3
yeah it starts today the librarians is
how would you even describe the
librarians it's like light very light
but it's only fun the premise it's like
there's that there's a there's a secret
library that nobody knows about what's a
magic library that that has all the
magic in the world magic artifacts and
the librarians protected they find
magical dangerous artifacts they bring
it back in the library it's like a a non
horror themed Friday the third of
escaped into the world and they'll find
themselves living fairy tales and all
kinds of weird shit but it's it's
charming
so Harry Potter but with a library maybe
but with grownups the librarians is
pretty bad someone says in the chat
Karen
how do you respond to that it's fun it's
light-hearted it's cheesy isn't the best
thing ever made no doesn't have to be
now
all right let me see if I can just kill
all the people in the entrance here let
me see what I can do because there was a
big pile of people there right by the
entrance so I was thinking like trying
to like close the park could kill them
while they're queuing for the Train you
you just have fun with your thing I just
put the detail I'm just in love with
this look at this this guy there's my
janitor this is one the last three days
in my life there's nothing this just
this there's nothing else going on this
the this is it this has been my life and
you've got like your staff you they have
like happiness or not and poops they're
not there they're here there's my staff
you can hire look you can hire
maintenance people and mechanics
entertainers somebody somebody in the
chat was nice enough to send over a
computer to play this unfortunately I'm
not getting the video card for it until
tomorrow yeah so we're upgrading the
video card a little she's been using my
computer to do this has been three days
and I'm going I'm going nuts we also
need to put some finishing touches we're
painting the case custom um I'm I'm
going a little nuts so like you have
your person they're not super-happy so
how are we gonna make them happier $150
per month
this is sandbox mode forget forget that
$2,000 a month well that'd make you
happier some wait wait wait what's going
on what's $2,000 a month here well he
was making 150 dollars a month is your
employees so many given two thousand a
month why are you giving him two
thousand
month because the sandbox mode I can how
are you gonna make a profit underneath
it I think I'm making like negative
sixty thousand dollars a month or
something no you don't care just when I
play scenario I'll care right now that's
much some staff training sure there's
some staff trained you know they're
pretty happy I'll raise him up to 2,000
later
this one is he happy not super how about
some what do you even care if they're
unhappy in sandbox because they quit I
have to hire somebody else I mean I
guess it doesn't matter
okay so here's all these people who are
up by the entrance
can you just shame them into the booth
this will bring about ruinous inflation
yeah yes it will okay this is grease
this this new perk is in grease is that
greases problem was that they like owed
everybody money or something
they had like runaway inflation that in
May there's no way that I can just mass
destroy all this stuff is there see I
put a lot of like scenery in here this
could take a little bit to flatten that
enough what did to kill a bunch of
people yeah let me start another okay
haven't you just way my way to scroll
where's your entrance
oh you can't you know you could do yeah
well you delete part of the just the
pathway instead of deleting all the
stuff move the pathway to go around the
back oh yeah
that's a good idea if I have room they
didn't have inflation alright who is
that ahead who was it that had massive
runaway inflation Germany after the
first world war when he wasn't paid
massive reparation doesn't seven
somewhere recently there was maybe it
was just danger of happening
hyperinflation what do they call it they
call it - yeah
I don't know how bad it has to be to be

[Part II]
settings down but we seem to keep
crashing anyway so what well let me
start building a crappy little park a
smaller Park yeah all right you try them
and I'll put a bunch of rollercoasters
along the side which will make all these
people want to come to it and then I'll
have a line of people just so you can
Trendkill massive amounts of people yeah
all right
okay so we're going to get out of this
one
oh thanks for calling us ugly how sweet
and people are jerks
alright I'm gonna try to scare up a
bunch of people so we can kill them okay
I'm I'm bankrupting the nation that's
kind of your runaway inflation little
old me rich stop killing the stream I'm
not killing the stream the stream is
killing the stream I think this game is
killing the stream in my right now
having one with less stuff and it might
help
OBS can't handle the awesome power of
planet coaster la Nova says death that
theme parks are the most horrific and a
little at a place called dream world
just a couple of months ago in Australia
a river rapids ride malfunctioned a raft
flipped of Rath flipped over and four
people drowned chillin oh yeah cuz they
they lock you in real good oh yeah you
know people water is just you just flip
up you can't so closely
you can't swim out from underneath this
so close yet so far you just stuck under
a damn raft yeah Wow Chile Milwaukee
does not have snow yet we're getting
closer we are too high temperature today
is in the mid to lower 30s
oh they didn't drown they got mangled in
the conveyor belts were they dead I
would assume it's probably got ripped
apart that's probably more painful than
drowning I don't know drowning the hose
on very pleasant
the raft didn't flip over it flipped
vertical because it was narrower than
every other version of that ride
well
as first I heard about that yeah heard
about like you know I remember every 10
years or so something used to derail and
kill people in Great America you didn't
think it killed by like the whoo not the
way through though then some fly off the
edge was at the edge I don't remember
not that I remember but you know maybe
maybe that'll attract people so
definitely need people I'm gonna kill
people
just Alex 64 says no Star Trek question
today as I built this yesterday and it
seems fitting play around with sci-fi
props and some James Horner and you got
yourself a mutant nebula coaster huh I'm
clear gonna like this in a link looks
like they built something in the roller
planet it's like a spaceship shooting at
each other oh wow
neat yeah like the nacelles yeah this is
like choppy is how I think it's making
your computer go Oh God
super choppy I hope this thing doesn't
crash again is this computer like worse
than the one you have at home or is it
just because you're running the stream
and things to streams okay because the
one your computer's like I hope my
computer can run at half as good as your
computer runs it like butter like his
computer like there was virtually no
slowdown and I had like what I have like
30 rides going and all this animated
scenery and then three thousand people
all walking around doing their thing
whoa I'm having trouble playing this
because it's like so choppy look at the
cursor well I think that's because the
problems were having
I know is there anything else you want
to play your stream or something aryen
bored well I mean it's just frustrating
like this I wanted to check out that
could we check out that um architect
yeah good change game it's fine by me
alright let me exit there's another game
that I'm wanting to try called Park
attacked which I guess isn't still in in
alpha or beta or whatever yeah and early
access I don't know how good it is to
admit that like half of the attraction
was the the commercials that they had
for it on YouTube I don't it's super
adrenaline right right that's it to main
menu I already turned down the quality
start a fun to build a monster PC for
gaming a monster oh my god I'd be scary
I'd be afraid of such a PC this should
be good for streaming it really should
where's Park adduct
yeah so download it I don't think you
have it right click on planet coaster
oh here's perfect install yeah I haven't
actually tried park attack yet I don't
know anything about architecting well
we'll find out let's get in the sore
I sitting in one position this couch
it's kind of hard yeah I'm sorry I'm
sorry you don't like that old ancient
couch you wanna switch spots no hump at
our height issue a little bit
I'm sure than him I'm not freakishly
short I'm like 5 1 or so I think about
dying in parks have you ever heard of
action Park in New Jersey today under
five 1 is freakish that's probably the
wrong word to use but you know talking
about dying in parks have you ever heard
of action Park in New Jersey I have the
people in charge had no clue what they
were had no clue what they were doing
and they made a waterslide with a loop a
lot of people got hurt in that Park I
heard about that it was supposedly a
park that was they didn't have very good
safety standards I saw one that supposed
like a good thing I knew tube and I
think it might have been fake with this
slide that was like it looked like it
was like 400 feet high or something
waterslide
I like those Alpine Coaster so they have
them like built down the sides of
mountains yeah and you're like on your
butt kind of almost like a like a
skeleton luge loses and when we render
button earn your back
there's no we're on your boat the guy
who invented modern ramp died today at
age one one zero zero zero one zero cute
I could figure that out if I sat down
and thought about it does anybody want
to translate that to actual doesn't
sound like enough I would say doesn't
sound like enough ones and zeros for a
big number
I mean like one in Swan and one one is
three hit finish
oh it's probably already done it's not a
big game
my favorite binary joke is is there
there are ten kinds of people those who
understand binary and those who don't
I had a class once where they made us
multiply and divide and hex I'm not sure
why this is game showing up new park can
you see the game this is like some new I
think it's still in beta
it's called Park attacked
you know as much as I've heard mixed
reviews about it I think I might end up
getting rollercoaster tycoon world at
some point really why try starting it
and see if anything happens new Park
yeah
sandbox large load maybe it's just the
menus that don't show up weird things no
nope
we're not seeing it we can't let I am
sorry it's just blackness they just see
a cursor yeah yeah what I see over on
the right all right you didn't see
little tiny people madly dashing through
a well we tried you know what the
graphics on this look like paper boy
that does a lot of good to the people
watching a black screen yeah get out of
here again here we can't do this alright
quit yes quit
quit okay all right so we need to find
something else have you shown them
papers please yeah did you get pets cats
too for me probably kind of incent to me
as a gift I used to be into like dog
dogs and cats the pets series the fifth
one you could breed letters and they had
like their own genetics and it's alright
I downloaded some extra stuff so you
could like breed them as quickly as you
wanted to it's just a lot of fun to try
to make like weird pure breads and stuff
alright so you have like weird mutant
white dogs show up and stuff out of like
black labs
okay I'm away interested in her if I
played papers please I haven't I've
watched him play it well I never think
about it when I'm actually in front of
the computer I know tell me about the
binding of issac but you played that one
right Jack's very good at it and we
would play it and badly okay
did you want to see it yeah I'm curious
about it I mean this this game is like
all right based on the story of Isaac
and Abraham in some loose sort of way
but you're like a baby in the game
and there's a well-known Old Testament
story where God tells the the patriarch
of the Abraham Abraham yeah the
patriarch of the Judaism Christianity
and Islam a guy made it all up that that
he should sacrifice his son and then
tells him not to but he has the son all
tied up and he's got the knife poised
over and God God says you know what new
there's a ram over there sacrificed that
instead and it's it's kind of disturbing
yeah I guess what and there's a there's
a gun he talked to me said I'm a judge
so everybody follow me and everything a
big great yeah so does it funny is that
forget about it's fine that's always it
happened the story is based on that and
I guess your Isaac oh here's a baby
whereas I think he was a young boy in
the original Old Testament story oh
request access
Jack Holmes this Oh Jack Giacalone well
I could then I can't log off with you
because I don't know your your Steam
password Jack okay our use of this Jack
please if you're watching still Jack I'm
sorry I'm not you I'm a pale shadow of
you I think I actually owned the
original binding of issac but I want to
play rebirth because that's got the
controller support but see Jax Jax
probably already playing it yeah that's
funny what he's off doing is Jack still
around
what's lifeless planet yeah
Oh boring okay boring his fuck it's
about what it sounds like yeah pac-man
more pac-man oh you wanted you wanted to
try out Prison wanted me try out there's
an architect is that the one with the
cutesy little people who have their kids
see little Shiva sitting in there kid
see little doji cartoon baddies it's
possible that's a bit deep didn't do
just suddenly I think they said Jack
don't type your password in chat you
think I hope he's not that dumb no he
won't do that
Duma doom doom it up I love that song
and I love the extended remix that
somebody made on YouTube
we you can certainly save well we have
to click on it again to D okay s where's
a binding of issac go to be got a
request access again jag we need we're
logged in as me and I don't know your
Steam password so I'm trying to request
permission from you to use it because
it's your copy of the game and I guess
we're logged in as rich we're logging is
me calling hey Jack and we're trying to
play Isaac rebirth just because of all
the issues we were having Oh crazy taxi
well I didn't hit the login issue I just
is we need to request permission from
you on Steam to play it on my steam yeah
I don't know
oh cool the screen is great right now
because we're not playing anything
because we're trying I get yeah I'm
trying to hear what he's saying what I
know what's going on
sorry Kara was talking to me I couldn't
her what you're saying alright thanks
alright
karen says hi hi he's he was watching so
we can hear you need to say something
all right so click on I mean yeah
Cleveland I'm not seeing it over there
yet no but they're not seeing it
oh sure no there's we strain this from
before I tell us from watching and his
mother lived alone in a small house
Isaac kept to himself drawing pictures
and playing with his toys as his mom
watched Christian broadcasts on the
television life was simple and they were
both happy it's interesting Elizabeth
until the day Isaac's mom heard a voice
your son has become corrupted by sin he
needs to be saved
I will do my best to save him my lord
Isaac's mother replied rushing into
Isaac's room removing all that was evil
from his life Oh again the voice called
Isaac's soul is still corrupt he needs
to be cut off from all that is evil in
this world and confess his sins follow
your instructions Lord I have faith in
be Isaac's mother replied as she locked
Isaac in his room away from the evils of
the world one last time Isaac's mom
heard the voice of God calling to her
you've done as I've asked but I still
question your devotion to me to prove
your faith I will ask one more thing of
you Yes Mother to prove your love and
devotion I require a sacrifice your son
Isaac will be this sacrifice go into his
room and end his life as an offering to
me to prove you love me above all else
grabbing a butcher's knife in the
kitchen
she doesn't look upset watching through
a crack in his door tremble in fear
scrambling around his name perhaps I'm
afraid of sex he noticed a trap door to
the basement hidden under his Rada
without hesitation just as his mother
burst through his door
ruins of down into the unknown depths
below
you've always been the mother here mrs.
Torrance you've always been the
caretaker here mr. Toren
all work and no play make Jack a dull
yeah yeah yeah yes pick one it's fine no
run
you're gonna be different people yep
those are all things Jack is apparently
unlocked I don't know much about this
game honestly this is this is totally
Jack's domain did you play it I'm not
especially you at Ryan can't read tech
bomb item weight him up down left right
on the buttons it's direct this shoot
directionally okay like oh you know just
hold him down I think even yeah but
where's the bomb yeah now to use this
game
what does move move away from that what
does it say this maps let me see it
this is move attack is DS maybe which
one's the bomb is that four days which
button this is the bomb on the
controller because she won't let me grab
the Cure to figure it out take I'm just
oh great now I don't know which button
that was I did something stupid I had
too many buttons at once and then I
couldn't figure out which was the one to
actually work cuz you're smart you're
smarter than I am
alright it's bomb bomb is that one wish
you'll never know I'm not here I suck at
these you never even tried tread tray
we'll see what happens
oh it's x part of the fun whoa I just
killed myself a lot of bomb off and hurt
myself
the system I'm taking the controller and
instantly failed yes see you hurt
yourself already
yeah okay I didn't so taking the
controller I told you to keep it
something oh you really got to worry
about our the bombs and the tears put on
the hundreds of bombs you wonder when
you're looking at me it's that one that
you only have we only had one Oh
whatever you are the brain thingy oh
wait these are like like lump kids or
something
I don't know that we have another
controller to hook up just if I can
figure it out for something out let me
got a seed patroller around here okay I
just died dear diary today I died I was
killed by this thing in some basement I
leave all that I owned to my cat I can't
read it his big heads in the way copy
cool stuff goodbye crook got a cat named
crappy I used to have a goldfish named
fluffy he lived to be about 18 I'm not
even joking 17 or 18 I could never if I
got him in 97 or 98 better better a big
head than tiny hands is there where's
the dongle plugged in do we have there's
two of us
all right
did you stop alright now recognizes the
steam one as the default that's fine
however you wanna do it steam alright
how would you co-op you're gonna do
co-op no I want to watch you play for a
little bit no co-op you're are you
afraid I suck
nobody cares about that i like-like-like
like who idea to jones because i can die
all i want to still get stuff done
try getting buttons here is anything how
do you get a second how do you get co-op
working yeah oh wait that's you know i
don't think so that's you in it use
buttons there you go
alright help me out oh I'm a little this
thing yeah a little weird little little
sperm spirit thing sperm spirit just
died
ask I'm no good at this game either so
it's kid need some serious therapy what
are these the souls of other kids his
mom's killed them because they watched
weird TV shows I'm they were disturbed
or both that poo yeah why are you
shooting poo because there might be
things in the pool Oh
bad bugs
I'm sure jack is crying jack is very
good at this game well it looks like
it's one of those games that have where
things move in predictable ways so if
you play it enough you'll get better
yeah that's a lot of games so are you
spitting or crying or crying who came up
with this
what were they trippin on that's the
kind of commentary they can we need when
play games hit my buttons even compare
hit the start button I guess I thought
you're eating a heart set of water think
the 15-7 thing I don't know it's like
when this hamster water bottles really
yeah yes it kind of looks like the
demand feeder water bottle thing my
parents have for the dog
he just poked himself in the eye when
your power-ups changed the way you look
what happened to planet coaster it was
like crashing and lagging and stuff it
didn't want to work well on this
computer with the streaming action it's
like running the stream and running the
game this is too much for the computer
or something the flesh games he's made
get even weirder than this did they
still have any kind of I'm dead sorry
logic to them or they just completely
out there yes Edmund McMillen crater of
Super Meat Boy and the second player
took takes health from the first to
respawn so head buttons let's start can
you not start bring up
I just be careful know where am I
oh you can fly over Thanks that's neat
but all I can't you can't grab them
alright alright
your little sperm spirit sperm spirit
eggs I can almost smell it
I don't know I think you might have just
been better off with a quick death by
your mom oh no I just ran into the
scheme doesn't really have you know work
you into things gently kind of mode does
it and this must be hard it's one of the
selling points
alright alright mr. Dahle doesn't look
like a mr. Oh had buttons to come back
hit start
no nothing brings you back
stay alive buh-buh-buh-buh Stano stay
alive died
hit a button to come back all right all
right it's fine
thought it was why that's why okay why
am I like a weird ghost now I think
you're different things each time I'm
like well you killed the videostar oh no
no don't kill me don't kill me don't
kill me please mr. robot
mr. robot oh yeah mr. fly flies and shit
everything and you're starving I can't
afford any of it
good hope I can get burned
yes you got burned I like relaxing
videogames I think my ultimate video
game would have like a waterfall
soundtrack and you just walk along pick
up leaves and where am I
all right walking simulators do they
have those raking simulator they do
that's how they call them it's a
derisive name games that are entirely
story-driven you literally there's like
no game involved in the game like missed
even more so this still has puzzles that
are not fun so you just walk around look
at shit basically that could be fun
depending on what there is to look at
how long it takes to walk around look at
it all chad recommend a walking
simulator for Karen what you got
all right somehow this reminds me of
Gish I'm not sure why I'm not sure
either the two Arden you ever try Kish
yep this Gish available on Steve I don't
think so
this wasn't one were you with that black
ball right I think so our ball thing
yeah kind of had to try to walk up walls
and stuff it was kind of a fun pose Lee
game
meadow ants became called meadow and
steam a guy who made this made Gish
really oh gosh was a Edward Macmillan
game well that would explain why it
reminds me of cash I suppose huh you
want some new every day
well if they're right which they
probably are
oh they said game is is defined by you
can lose maybe but just you know you
can't emulator you can't lose some of
the texted nothing in the point click
adventure games you can't lose in Grim
Fandango
I mean I like a little escapism now and
then you know curl up with a good book
I've got if no software makes make stuff
relax relax melodies and you can you
know have like you're a little running
water sound little thunderstorm in the
background rich and I just finished I
listened to it before but that was
dystopia by Robert Cruz II which is a
story about a traveling preacher in this
sort of middle-aged world but it's oh my
god this room was so not worthless
very humorous kind of its satirical
I nearly killed me Oh creature gyu's is
lovable but hapless and certainly means
well there's a dumbass it's got a good
heart though does he
yes he's not perfect but nobody is oh I
can't run in that all right I guess it
makes some sense
I wouldn't say that he's evil hey try
again
I already want to restart Oh God spiders
are cute yeah
not as impressive as that daddy-longlegs
you guys have in the bathroom bathroom
of the studio has like the biggest daddy
longlegs I've ever seen and I pointed it
out to rich and rich is like he always
been there for months
oh it's a daddy longlegs sanctuary it's
a point in killing it
nothing yeah one daddy longlegs isn't
gonna do anything I think they're
carnivorous in which case unless there's
things for them to eat you're never
gonna have that many of them and there
are things for them to eat those things
are probably a bigger problem than the
daddy longlegs harvestman oh I don't
know what that did but it did something
you know I know they're not technically
spider
it has to do with like how their
abdominal and thoracic segments are they
don't have like a pinch in the middle of
their cephalo thoracic and abdominal
segments or something they're all kind
of one thing the myth is that they're
like deadly poisonous but they can't
bite human skin I think the reality is
that they're mildly Banat venomous and
not particularly given the biting anyone
they're not spiders like I said let's do
with their Anatomy and they don't build
webs but I don't think all spiders build
webs tell you won't like spent hanging
out like a cobwebs down there though
wouldn't mean they built them I don't
know maybe do daddy longlegs
I don't think they build up so maybe
they do know whether I think I think
they are arachnids but not spiders I was
terrible
oh I got out of that was nothing I was
reading about did I tell you rich I was
reading about starfish yep when they're
born as larvae they're by their
bilaterally symmetrical like we are like
a left half and right half and then the
right half stops growing and and gets
absorbed and the left half becomes Penta
radially five symmetrical it's just just
really weird it works for them it does
but then I was like reading about the
well somebody posted a picture of a
tardigrade a water bear which is like
this they're little creatures and they
live all over the world and they're very
very very very hard to kill like put
them in a vacuum they don't die
dry them out they don't die they're just
extremely freeze them they don't dry
don't die they can they are really good
at like repairing their DNA and so
somebody posted a picture of like a
stuffed animal one of these giant ones
so I posted a picture of a giant isopod
stuffed animal and isopods are like like
pill bugs woodlice and Hurley police and
then they're like bigger ones that live
in the sea and so I was talking to the
person and I was like I wonder if like
we're if we're I said I said isopods
chances are we're more related to like
isopods than we are to tardigrades you
know I said I'll have to look this up
and I guess you know tardigrades and
isopods are both considered like
like arthropods or something but but I
was looking it up and I'm like we're the
family that the the bigger class of
creatures that where it includes sea
cucumbers so I'm like oh my God we're
like more closely related to sea
cucumbers and we are the spiders
I mean sea cucumbers
that's hysterical sorry sorry nerd out
oh it's okay
do you imagine can you imagine that your
uncle is a sea cucumber I can imagine it
you haven't met my uncles I'm pretty
sure what in my uncle's is a sea
cucumber
they sound like horrible people one
second meet step off camera I'm gonna
yeah I'm getting hot I'm gonna pull my
outer shirt off whoo well just in case
any of you do narrate that my feel the
heat to my shirt from el fuego which is
a restaurant in Milwaukee that has like
the best coconut shrimp I mean shrimp
breaded and coke deep-fried breaded in
coconut flakes oh my god
so good grab the laptop on the table why
soon people are saying see if we got any
tips or anything that I missed okay I
was reading the stream here might be
easier to read from the laptop to us I
have the Chromebook with me
it's a nice laptop is it on no I think
it's like in sleep mode ok tips let's
see where did you leave off I don't know
I just gotta read one lol wait here's a
recent one I got I gotta shoot the
things somebody says a reminder to the
stream nine hundred ninety eight dollars
gets you to four hours streams of rich
playing a Final Fantasy game of your
choice or one file at four hours stream
for the bargain price of $996 Final
Fantasy 15 is just around the corner
week 15 yeah they're 15 yes Moki b85 and
now you're caught up shit
what's going on or anything you feel
like talking about what do you feel like
talking about while I'm doing this well
I was talking about sea cucumbers but
yeah that was about it really
I thought you were done with the sea
cucumbers I didn't know we're we're
still seeking company and how do you how
do you go from from I mean it's even
weirder like like like was it halibut
like flatfish they start out with eyes
on both sides of their bodies and one of
their eyes like migrates to the other
side and then they they swim along the
bottom of the water that's weird enough
but the idea that something would be
bilaterally symmetrical and one side
stops growing on the other side starts
being Penta radially symmetrical is just
freakin bizarre it's even weirder than
like copper but nice blue blood for
horseshoe crabs that's pretty weird
it is weird I had killed
I killed how how my god you Institute
tequila shots for an hour
you could do a fatal amount of tequila
shots in an hour we would need to set
limits there I mean if he just drank
nothing but tequila over and over again
he could drink himself to death in an
hour and we're not doing that it was
like 18 Morris offshoots and sequels I
haven't played a Final Fantasy game in
about 20 years I should look and see
what they look like now I used to be in
the Dragon Warrior way I don't know if
I'd be patient enough for it now that
I've got the interwebs and other things
I'm sure it's terrible is it Karen or is
it Karen or Karen yes mysteries alive
its Karen that's what it calls me right
Jack's hair started as bilateral that it
migrated to his torso I've never seen
Jack's torso well we'll have to just
assume it did this this way ka Y ro n I
always thought quar ry and n E would be
a good spelling for it
Carl I'm not a Carl Kei
are ant I like that this is a good name
for a boy actually Kiran ka re n is a
word it's like like a tribe of people in
China or something I think an ethnicity
nice my evil face I couldn't do an evil
face evil or emo emo I don't know how to
do an emo facial phase phase oh I'm not
emo no I can't be I can't do serious and
dramatic I'm just silly and
light-hearted grade this guy but I do
like the cutesy goth stuff they bet
there's a really cool way to spell Karen
and Irish Gaelic it probably is oh I'm
an at the Quran and that's somebody's
holy book sure it's lovely but it's not
me
riches of strolling before he needs to
watch planet coaster again I was mostly
playing it while he wasn't home so he
didn't have to look at it and then when
he was playing that he was in the living
room when he was playing a different
game on the TV and I was playing it on
his computer and every once in a while
going hey you need to look look at this
look at this look what anyway
oh god I mean your son Kirin ki-rin and
your daughter Karen and watched the
horror unfold over the years when I was
a kid we had a dog named that my parents
named Dustin and we got a puppy and his
and his name was rust
I named him rusty well we called dust
and dusty dusty rusty yeah they were
very confused Oh Barry never named your
dogs things that are similar I'm sure we
would have come up with a bunch of silly
nicknames for rusty but he we didn't
have him long he wasn't healthy and we
couldn't fix him
nothing could fix him they didn't get
along you know did they dusty and rut
Dustin and rusty got along fine rusty
was just a just a baby I mean he only
lived to be about six months I guess he
was like never dewormed properly or
something I don't know he had some kind
of issues related to his puppy mill yeah
Providence and it or Bo's a breeder
actually but she was kind of puppy
Mellish I don't know I was like six I
don't really remember it was it was
Dustin and boots who fought like dogs
now boots was just we got when he was
nine weeks old I don't know what his
issue was but he's very dog deressa
which unfortunately was not good because
he Karen and rich equals Critch rin
chard
yeah screen just went off
somebody said left trigger does that
mean anything to you whoa that'ss girl
there's something the vet couldn't fix
him and then he chewed up a tube of
desitin and like cut his insides I don't
know I was like six and my puppy died
and I was a sad my family takes
extremely scary dog it wasn't neglect I
play dad if he could have been fixed we
would have fixed him you know
brownie had that that hip dysplasia a
lot of people would've just put down
yeah that thing had a far longer life
than he would have had at most other
households well he also blew his knee
and we had surgery on that I think his
knee was a bigger problem for him and
then his hips but yeah I'm sure my
parents could have fixed rusty they
would have but he had something
seriously wrong with him that they
didn't know when I got him
do we kiss on stream i think we smooth
stunts forget four and a totally g+
right in the sort of way could rich
beat-up Richard Dean Anderson who's
Richard Dean Anderson I'm a diver I
believe MacGyver wouldn't need to beat
rich off he'd like develop some kind of
machine out of like chewing gum and
paper clips and dog poop dog poo huh
that's what I'd be defeated by a dog poo
and paper clips and chewing gum and
chewing okay was he a secret agent or a
handyman
what's MacGyver's origin I don't know
he's become a thing now people talk
about like MacGyver you know something
did it a reboot I think recently I I
remember liking the show when I was a
kid I think I'm probably just too cheesy
for words now I've never seen a single
episode
oh no the hymnbook ivory would use
mustard yeah miss mustard would defeat
rich the effective I'll give it that
like what is this doing I don't know
this is some strange shit there's like
bits of intestines all over the floor
and like writhing bits of green stuff
I'm so not gonna live long
that game makes me nervous just watching
it I feel bad for you I'm like no don't
die don't die it's gonna get you still
trying to think of something good for
you to play on stream dig these
doughnuts
macGruber yeah I've seen those they're
like a parody parody of MacGyver mm-hmm
yeah I've heard it from the Gruber
stardew valley riches and love what
started value oh they want to stream
stir oh yeah we do that yeah I've only
played it for like a minute once
something somebody else is just an owl
boy play an adventure game and do the
voices you'll never take me govern my
pillars of Plenty celery disguise the
witness
oh no no planet coaster planet coaster
was crashing the stream and every lately
slow 20 minutes yeah I gotta change them
I have played some rocket League I'm not
very good at it but it's very cute we
watched rich and I were watching like a
um an actual like semi-professional
tournament of rocket League it was
awesome wasn't some I am professional
well they get paid for that that's crazy
I don't know child of light Shadow
Warrior 2 so the Karen would like we did
download something Karen can play and
it's not just Shadow Warrior you're
doing it purchase day of the tentacle
and I haven't played it yet which is
like the sequel to maniac mansion
Terraria what are you interested in
doing talk to me I wouldn't mind doing
like day of the tentacle or stardew
valley what you prefer do the 10 ago cuz
I haven't seen it hurt at all so
whenever you get bored with this if you
want to switch to that whenever you die
or whatever killed by these half flowers
which I assume were bugs but they looked
like daisies with some petals ripped off
keep talking and nobody explodes we did
we did play that a little bit
they're the tentacle is hard Wow
tedious a lot of games are tedious it's
a thing I want to play something that's
not super tedious to watch maybe we will
do stardew valley Oh Jack is saying
heart saying day of the tentacle Jack
wants to see day of the tentacle that's
fine by me
whoops I want to see what it looks like
I have no idea though
this game has chick tracts chick tracts
well attract tract like I've picked up a
track it's gonna hit him in the game
it did something I don't know what by
the way Jack and I know I know what you
pick up the pills know somebody mind off
of what take your mind off the horrors
of whatever hallucinatory basement
you're in you never know what they do do
oh you have to hit that bummer
looks like a puzzle
now you're surrounded by bugs ya know
there are bugs eiectric passed away
recently like this month yeah
I'm sure God was like uh Jack we need to
talk I know you meant well but we need
to talk
do I like superhero beat em up games
gobbly gook sacks there's a game on ps4
called DC Universe Online and it's free
I don't know if that sounds like I'm
kind of lazy about about learning curves
on games unless there's something I'm
really into and that sounds like like a
fighting game I don't know so you
Savannah jokes with baddest ah I guess I
fell for it
I walked right into it wait it's the
only shooting there goes there worse
that all up
do I like the Batman Arkham games I
haven't played them it's a lot of games
I haven't played
but Karen like watching the talky bits
of star control - I'm gonna know what
that is rich
this is Kineo spikes in it probably got
off every other kind of horror
I heard that learn a while hmm
he's shooting blood out at you shooting
blood out of his eyes and jumping on you
and you're like falling apart and crying
at him do I play games um yes no I don't
I don't play a whole lot of 3d action
games I do play a certain amount of like
any time waster puzzle games yeah I mean
I like sandbox like roller coaster kind
of games and I like Tetris style games
and I like word games like bookworm
adventures and and you know games were
you Oh make words against the time
bookworm adventures oh wait we don't
have it do we have a copy of that here I
thought you had a copy of it on Steam
vocal adventures I don't think it's not
steam I got it I got that I got it I got
a link to steam it's up to you today the
technical or bookworm to finish it's
just a Mario maker I definitely like
yeah but you never played it the side of
like it's like you looked at it once no
yeah well because I don't spend that
much time playing games like I screw
around on the internet I read books yeah
watch a little Netflix I don't know I'm
not criticising that yes I'm filthy
casual yeah I'm a casual gamer
type of the dead is that like a game
where you have to like type stuff and
and if you don't type fast enough or
accurately enough like zombies get you
or something because that sounds awesome
and there's a it was a good underwater
thing one that PopCap made that was a
lot of fun I can't think of the name of
it they
which one
tapirs was a type of shark
I'd have been type or shark what one I
don't have any clue at all what you're
talking about
Piper sure typing of the Dead what are
you talking about I know they're singly
about typing the dead and I'm wondering
if it's like a game where you have to
type oh it's when you type to shoot
zombies like Mavis Beacon there was one
called like type or shark I think I rent
the PopCap pad that was kind of fun but
zombies make everything better
I do remember when PopCap was a money
printing machine and I threw a fair
amount of money at them for chuzzle and
and when they bought an aquarium and I
think he did buy them yes yep that's
what happened to pop cap I mean they had
in Santa query um and the and and the
bookworm adventure
venture series and another one of those
the type of shark and they just had a
whole lot of cute fun colorful yeah
bejeweled
bookworm and Buck worm is a game where
you try to make kind of like boggle
where you try to make book from you try
to make words out of adjacent letters to
score points and book them adventures
you have a smaller grid but the letters
don't have to be adjacent and it's like
kind of like sort of like a role-playing
game where you score against little
enemies on screen when you type long
words peggle yeah peggle is good typer
versus sharknado plants vs. zombies oh
yeah that's PopCap - yeah PopCap had a
lot of good games and i used to like to
look at the games that they had on big
fish games they had a lot of like ones
where you shot marvels at walls to play
break bricks and stuff but now it seems
like everything is find the stuff find
the hidden images find more hidden
images bla bla bla bla bla
I don't think universe has ever gotten
in I know I haven't gotten in online
poker I know rich is played like not for
money yeah some games like I'm on Club
Pogo and pogo.com and stuff where you
you play checkers or
or or poker against people
hey you were probably the world record
holder for typing maniac at one point
I'm sure there's a documentary in there
somewhere for typing what hey maniac
you know this documentary about king of
Kong like to see one about a typing game
yeah online gambling is definitely shady
as fuck the fact that these things are
not regulated is what they basically are
is shady as fuck but simply playing
poker you know not necessarily for money
over the internet could be fun
somebody says that that challenge rich -
a game of chess I'm not sure he's a
terrible experience chess player
checkers maybe a little better number
munchers is that like a math game have I
tried portal I haven't I've watched rich
play and rich and I used to sing the
song together this is a triumph I'm
making a note here huge success an
online poker reality show it's got a
scrape at the bottom of the barrel for
ideas
interesting how rich starts doing very
well after we started to change it
decided to change games yeah
you just had to had to get used to the
mechanics of this particular game they
said keep singing it's a house ago it's
been a while snow sir
this was a triumph I'm making a note
here huge success it's hard to overstate
my satisfaction Aperture Science we do
what we must because we can for the good
of all of us except the ones who are
dead but there's no sense crying over
every mistake you just keep trying till
you run of cake and the science gets
done and you make a neat gun for the
people who are still alive
I'm not even angry I'm being so sincere
right now even though you broke my heart
and killed me and tore me to pieces and
threw every piece into a fire as they
burned it because I was so happy for you
still talking with my missus something
that's at the end what's the next line
sob
good be still talking when there's
science to do when I would come there it
makes me glad I'm not you so I'm glad I
got burned think of all the things we
learned for the people who are still
alive
and believe me I'm still alive I'm doing
science and I'm still alive and when
you're dying I'll be still alive
and when you're dead I will be still
alive still alive still alive
hey doom it up I don't know the lyrics
to doom it up but doom it up was great
somebody made like a fool in doable I
think you version of it
yeah dooma dooma dooma and stuck it on
youtube and my kudos to them rich can
see of course rich could say pyrite
I'm is alright Bobby Jack couldn't even
auto-tune me right yeah Jack could not
attend rich and I don't think I'm any
better but hey rich and I used to on the
school bus on the way to field trips in
high school we used to sing was that the
day all in the family
yeah yeah yeah yeah songs that made the
hidden Kure let's see we're doing it
wrong guys like us we headed me the top
the top tip shut the inator oh thank you
shed the anteater says thank you very
much A+ portal music your point a the
name I thought what was some of the name
what's wrong with the name but I don't
get it there's nothing wrong that name
just debated of course rich could say
whether he could say well is another
matter
I was about to say pyrite is all right
by me yes
we're so in love their love is in law oh
I don't know the lyrics it sounds cute
they want to know if you like the quest
for glory games I think you did it yeah
I don't stream them because they're
their Grandy
have you played quest for ideas one
thing I don't like about the quest for
boring games I heard about it an emblem
it's like a VGA era sphere a game like
quest for Ally you'd love it
Karen you're nice so don't read lol I
think we know what that's about
no there's not a lot of Archie Bunker
and rich he's a bit more light that
Archie Bunker I do like that show though
on the family because Archie's not a bad
guy he's just ignorant
he's ignorant yes and Anita this is a
sweetheart and Mike isn't you know all
the characters are imperfect and yet
they're all likeable I think we're just
singing is adorable oops I did something
stupid look down all great great oh jeez
Edith say oh geez II did Bob Reiner
I don't know Rob Reiner Rob Reiner was
it - meathead okay that was Michael
stivic yep and Carroll Carroll O'Connor
that's energy Jean Stapleton I think was
hideous yep and Sally Struthers yes
yes you've gotten them all why did that
door closed I was open before they want
to know if there's a luck meter in this
game I gotta say I have no fucking idea
there's a lot of I don't know that
there's much Archie Bunker in you but
the mister your mr. plinkus set the
aesthetics of it remind me of likes
kind of really screwed up dystopian
version of the bunker house
yeah George Jefferson yeah I think
George Jefferson was his neighbor he was
certainly on the show yeah The
Jeffersons was a spinoff yeah George was
George was like the black Archie Bunker
yeah
they said blow up the rock to make a
bridge he booked the rock I don't think
there's a bridge what bridge where I
don't know they just said blow up the
brock to make a bridge somebody says
there's a luck meter ooh is that thing
wearing a dress said his mother I don't
know what this is red you're talking to
me as if I know this game
I don't know but everything in this
movie is the Scout or this game is
disgusting working
this family matters the best spin-off
ever which one was that
is that the one what was the Family
Matters a spin-off of yeah I don't know
The Jeffersons was a spinoff
Fraser was the best bet I've ever loved
earn and surely Fraser the Vernet surely
was a good spending yeah fine but Fraser
was better I'll take for somebody else
that's Fraser - I agree it looks awful
I like that pun judge frowny face it
said it looks awful or offa L
with our coal and the wife was from some
other show where she was a nurse or
something
Oh spin-off of perfect strangers was it
Wow of all the shows I wouldn't expect
to have a spinoff perfect strangers is
probably up there oh yeah that's right
mark and Mindy was a spinoff of happy
days yeah
Mork and Mindy work Mork & Mindy was an
excuse to showcase the talents of Robin
Williams it's been a nightmare to write
for that show huh musta been a nightmare
to write for that show yeah then Robin
does something yeah I remember watch
tonight when I was a little I room I
loved the parts where he would stick his
finger in his drink and didn't think it
was drinking yeah
before Hamlet family manners Harriette
Winslow was originally the elevator
operated the Chicago Chronicle newspaper
office in the third and fourth seasons
of perfect strangers
family matters was a spin-off series
given to this character in 1989
according to wiki this person says wow
you don't really need to write for Robin
Williams I know what do our hats say
rich is a sax head and and mine's a
Brewers hat can you not destroy these
guys I like the Brewers well enough but
I love their old 70s logo with M and the
B and the ball and the and the glove
logo and as rich pointed out I was
clashing earlier because I was wearing a
sock sweat shirt and a Brewers hat which
has so much health he's never gonna die
I know all right look at it oh you're
trailing blood and one of my helpers
just doing that actually I think it's
poisonous blood so what's good yeah yeah
yep yep yep yep I don't know what I'm
doing I don't know how to play this game
I don't know how I got this far The
Simpsons was the best spin-off ever
Tracey Ullman Show there wasn't it
as I count as a spin-off I guess it does
but it wasn't like a character The
Tracey Ullman Show it was like a segment
on it well yeah well is that not a spin
all I ever be in best of the worst no
odds are against her is not a bad movie
girl exactly I'd rather watch a good
movie although on Rich's birthday we
watched some bad you hated it I did like
the one with her with a really really
strangely tall woman mm-hmm
step toe and saw him the Stanford
Stanford and son yeah that Sanford and
Son was a spinoff
it was Sanford and Son a spin-off of
Archie all the family knows what was
Sanford's on a spin-off of jack-shit
that's what it was a spinoff of
what about a Fat Albert he said a
spin-off with Sanford and Son
Sanford of the Sun was a remake of the
British show Steptoe and son it ya know
the Jeffersons were spin-off of on the
family
Sanford son was a remake okay select the
office are we talking about Breaking Bad
no we're not I've never actually seen it
I mean I've heard good things about it
heard good things about Game of Thrones
- yeah ii honestly what i'm looking
forward to is season three of the
library it's so i want to give this guy
health kit did I get something for this
how can you resist he's a kiddin
caffeine fill Oh that'll make yard make
things harder to control they say The
Simpsons counts because it already had
four of the voices on the Tracy show
that's true
yeah Three's Company I don't want to
think about Three's Company because that
theme song gets stuck in my head coming
out door love some hearts around here
somewhere so how are they able to like
type you heads and Jack heads uh they're
subscribers and those are remotes likely
you type of smiley face and the image of
a smiley face appears not semicolon oh
wow
please tell us the name of the movie you
watch would the abnormally tall woman I
don't remember I don't recall that was
they have like these like get four
movies on in one box for a really low
price at Walmart things it's like I'm it
really wasn't good it wasn't good the
bad acting was kind of amusing
I just gotta focus on diving dad dodging
cuz I'm so damn fast girls snails
remember we had pet snails yeah I used
to work in a grocery store and and I was
in the produce section and I saw some
snails on the lettuce so I rescued them
and brought them home because it was
wintertime and I got a little plastic
container for him and I put him in there
and they were actually really easy to
take care of because whenever it got dry
in there they'd estivate they just slime
themselves to the side of the wall and
go into hibernation and then I pull them
pull them gently off the wall and just
it crap yeah missed clean everything out
missed them and and put some clean
lettuce in there and then they eat it
and drink and then when it got dry the
co estivate again yeah they're poop
smell terrible snails have like
everything going on in what looks like
their head kind of you know it's like
they poop out of the top of their heads
and they have sex and they shoot darts
at each other out of the top of their
heads and they're strange
yeah I've rescued Mullis they've also
eaten them and then when it got when it
got warmer I let them outside where
hopefully they weren't like an invasive
species that killed off the world any of
this is I don't know what these things
do I don't know if you're wearing a
headers at his mouth
they're telling you to open the door I
did
speed down oh is that a hole in the
floor
yes did you die if you go in there no oh
they're spikes
yeah I Frehley I can't run into the hole
so it's fine
there's a lot you don't know about
snails look up how snails have sex I I
fucked up
how do I forgot the keys like lateness
darts into each other I don't think we
evolved from snails although we probably
evolved from something that was an
ancestor of a snail or something
this is door wasn't moving their stuff
diverged from our stuff spiral manga
given that it's Japanese I'm afraid it's
gonna be like tentacle porn with snails
but I'll have to check that out no no
you don't have to do anything I want to
check it out just out of curiosity
whether it is tentacle porn with snails
butt jobs disgusting or whether or not
it's something cool with snails
I know isn't it jack hard being in the
other side does you want to comment and
stuff how about doing jack how am i
doing doing
what's what's this room do I want to go
in here I got six keys I just have
really big canines I don't know what
anything does dry out a sea cucumber you
get a loaf is that were loofas come from
Rufus come from some kind of plant or
animal or something don't they I mean
and I know sponges are multi you know
unicellular colonial critters or maybe
multi celebrate a little I don't even
know if I'm hurting these they don't
ignore everything that's not a Golden
Door why I don't know there are no
golden doors yeah I don't see any and
just see bones coming out of the floor
and stuff they said don't set to bed yet
I don't think that's a bed that's like a
hole in the floor I thought loofas worth
diving for it I don't know what they are
man I need to look it up now someone
just living pineapples under the sea yes
Oh cotton cotton got my nipple under the
sea SpongeBob SquarePants
I hate Sponge Bob Wow
that's not true I just don't know
spongebob I don't care about spongebob
spongebob came into prominence after we
were a little old for spongebob so
what's new and exciting Jack
we evolved from pko which look a lot
like slugs maybe never heard of them
Richard cheese what the hell no somebody
threw something out Richard cheese I
love Richard cheese do I want faith up
or faith up or hook which do I want I
don't know what anything does what is
that thing like some kind of nose-picker
or a snake or yeah all right look this
is what looks like when I shoot right I
can switch out my my Bible tract for
this and then this happens well they
look like they're good for shooting
around objects like you could shoot that
hey I was saying faith up all right
faith is the way to go everyone's saying
faith and you can't aim the hook this
scheme is like some kind of dystopian
they've married a drug trip or something
oh it's like a brain that you're
shooting yeah and then disturbs in the
little brains he spongebob follow the
Simpsons and Family Guy trajectory
started pretty good and gradually just
lost steam and started to start to sake
I think sooner or later you run out of
ideas you know we do so much with a
character I mean The Simpsons have been
going for 23 years
25 minutes 26 long longest time if your
drug trips I like this seek better drugs
seriously or maybe worse drugs they're
too powerful for your brain to handle 27
Simpsons are in season 27 yeah
that's insane so it's not planet coaster
again we had plenty coaster going but it
was just not playing well with this
computer and the stream and everything
it was it was very thing very sluggish
and it was crashing it just wasn't
working out too well and then we tried
playing park attack and it showed up
it's just black solid black on the
screen so that was no good they say you
can't leave the boss oh those bats are
really cute
the sand can't what you can't leave the
something for boss room right I'm not in
the boss room so south park hasn't run
out of ideas because real life hasn't
run out of ideas well yeah yeah if
you're making your show extremely
topical you'll always have new stuff but
on the other hand your stuff doesn't
necessarily age well I was over here
that was that was the bed guy all right
he wants keys
so you've got mushrooms and a pacifier
how old is this kid lipstick it's a TNT
maybe a makeup compact or a piranha
plant when do you think Simpsons align
rich when when one of the major
characters voice actor dies well
whatever
dan cast Anela wants to retire it's done
for sure
and whatever they lose one of the major
cast members I mean like Bart or Lisa or
Marge so now you have this guy more keys
when Fock stops making money when it
stops being profitable I don't know that
it is gonna stop being profitable yeah
Phil Hartman rest in peace
would Dan Casanova stops liking money he
probably has enough he could probably I
mean I does he does he really well I
mean I don't know what he's done with
his money or what his agreements are you
know I have no idea what his
circumstances are but I suspect that the
man enough money that he could he could
retire from the Simpsons and still live
comfortably do I want to give this guy
the rest of my keys flying into Los
Angeles bring it in a couple of keys
don't touch my bags if you please mr.
customs a man I will touch the bed
should I give this guy three more keys
no keep your keys all right
going to read this if you want if you
don't want to read it you don't have to
know what it means
bullshit which means it might be
secretly bad let me see where to go it
was up how do I scroll up in this is
this this is the touch one right what's
that mean that's the thing of the game
it's fine
they said bumble wants coins said no
Nazir oh this little guy that's trailer
one of these little guys is trailing me
around
it's coin we just felt like a hole yeah
reading you yep have there been simpsons
games since the nes well there's
definitely a super nintendo on
has there been any recent simpsons games
i kind of you know it wasn't the play
mechanics on it weren't perfect but i
really enjoyed playing Bart vs. the
space mutants on the nes so soon when
you put on the little glasses that you
see who was an alien and who wasn't the
x-ray specs that was a bit of our logo
three
oh yeah that's right there's the
Simpsons game and there's a Simpsons
game on mobile there's like Simpsons
click it a lot or something I don't even
remember what was everywhere was this
was this Oh
oh yeah the Simpsons hit and run - two
more coins for lack of coins AVGN roof
space mutants a new one I it's it's very
imperfect but it is playable and it's
pretty cute
oh okay so like the the hidden run did
it have a canyon arrow in it or this is
mom canyon arrow 80 feet long and four
lanes wide 57 tons of American pride
Canyon arrow 27 simpsons games it's not
only more than you expected it's way
more than the world needs way way more
than the world needs
simpsons hit and run was basically GTA
simpsons yep
that seems like a good plan I mean you
make a relative on Springfield yeah
it'd make a relatively g-rated version
of and some of the stuff in some of the
crazy taxi games is probably a little
bit much for Yelp for young some young
children so if you want something that's
a little bit less crazy violent
unexplained fires are matter for the
courts canyon arrow it's like my one of
my favorite Simpsons episodes it's time
to make some crazy money now that's the
crazy taxi Gabe's are among my favorites
because you don't have to worry about
dying you just I mean yeah you can run
out of time but who cares you can also
just drive around underwater this end of
the line Isaac his mother was far too
strong for him but just as he accepted
his fate God
and sending an angel down from above to
stop his mother's hand and just like
that it was over
what whoo doggie third time I played the
game and you beat what's the big deal
what's what's the big deal oh it was
great
that's pretty great whoo so which bit of
Scripture are they gonna screw around
with next like drowning no are
I'm tying the dude next to Jesus or I
know that wasn't the whole game I'm
being an ass
somebody says baby's game I'm alright
you know unlike challenge number 30 the
Harbinger no rich likes Isaac I never
hated Isaac what is it with you people
after birth Oh gross
the killing of Canaanites oh dear I
think he bit beat like first pass
through or something yeah something like
that
alright so what's the plan now
what time is it uh 649 p.m. we only
started at 4:00 right see yes did you
want to see if we can find bookworm or
do you wanna do something else it's
probably a bit late to get into day the
tentacle that's probably bit too late to
get into stardew valley - yeah yeah find
a little bit a little bit of bookworm
might be fun keyboard and mouse you set
that up and that's why I need the
keyboard the motion tree stuff oh here's
the keyboard Oh
can you give me to the desk so I'm gonna
use my mouse desk just like just these
reasonable requests these absolutely
reasonable requests that's all I need
very much so
I don't know that somebody sent that to
us I didn't buy them
ones that a blue package ones in a red
package did you write a review for
planet coaster let's send it to us they
can't hear you over there I did write a
review for planet coaster and then I
realized that that they would think it
came from you so then I put my name in
parentheses as a comment it was a short
review I thought I'd be able to edit it
later it looks like you can't but I
wanted to say something about it because
it's awesome
capture any fostering application my ass
obs what is your problem OBS
all right
Jack says update the stream yeah I don't
this time is lupus I've never seen a
full episode of best of the worst and I
probably should you don't have to you
don't have to say I don't need to watch
rich was I've got the real thing there
and yes he's that funny in person was
also charming and adorable all right
all right you're not showing the game
for no good reason
hi go cups and go sucks
I'm a Sox fan but I was happy to see a
Chicago team win and my father's a Cubs
fan I saw on reddit that my mom -
actually it's not too big to baseball
though I saw on reddit that Milwaukee is
considered Chicago light is that
accurate yeah a lot of people root for
the Cubs up here I think
well culturally I mean I it's more or
less the same accent it's it doesn't
feel like it in all alien living up here
I think a lot of people here are from
the Chicago area it's got a similar you
know like German and polish found it you
know foundation hated me it's like it's
like it's like a baby Chicago like 1/6
the size very much more accessible
before I was living in this far south
suburbs I was like 25 miles from
downtown now it's like we just put our
bikes on the car and eight miles later
we're at the lakefront pedaling away I'm
even out today so it's only like
30-something my thoughts on Madison
Wisconsin only been there a couple of
times it seems like a nice town I hear
it's kind of like a little Portland and
it's that it's very hipster whatever
that means
medicine seems like a perfectly nice
place I hear it's scores very well on
you know livability whatever that means
I'm going to run to the bathroom
okay you start point you're going to UW
musket Wisconsin for law school like I
think you'll probably like it there and
and you're not too far if you can swing
it financially you're not too far from
the Dells a nice thing about the Dells
is is the nice and that nice thing is
that everything is Alucard it's not like
a theme park where you have to pay a
hundred bucks to get in or something so
you could you know go to the Dells and
do a few things and drive home is it
comically loud they want to know if the
rich wants to know if the audio and this
is painfully loud do I like anything
rich hates I like mustard nuts
I like nuts I like when the Cubs win the
World Series he's not in the room here
Thundercats I like Thundercats yeah
music is a bit loud we can turn it down
menu
well maybe not until I do this I might
have to play this a little bit here
before I can turn it down yeah rich
doesn't like pickles either as long it's
not comical menu options
do I like my crystal Clausen yeah Mike's
a nice guy rich is known him since high
school I've known him forever mostly as
a friend of riches but yeah it mike is a
nice guy and I do like him
do I like pineapples on my pizza I do
pineapples onions mushroom there's not a
whole lot I don't like on my pizza
anchovies are a little too salty
all right game we were playing planet
coaster but it wasn't working well on
the stream software-wise thank you
the real V on it's nice to be here again
hit pineapple and pizza the first time I
heard about it I was like oh that's not
gonna be so good but it was told rich
how stupid and boring XCOM is I'm not
gonna convince him he loves that game he
adores that game and I've got no reason
to want I hate it oh let's see
it's justa fires there now
what refines
do you have refines refunds your funders
refiners refineries know you can just
refunds
all radicals we we really need to keep
talking about mass effect they told me I
should hate oh you to hate XCOM but I
don't think that's gonna happen no I
don't think it's gonna happen
what about Canadian bacon on Petes and
that's so much it's just kind of
overpowering it's not that I hate
Canadian bacon it's just it's too much
XCOM stands alone as a story the hard
thing to retroactively Lee ruined
the stream has been updated so bite me I
know Karen likes pineapple on our pizza
Jack I know yes I I deal with it I deal
with it whoa they said you should update
the overlay the overlay oh god damn it
this is planet cold god damn it they're
estimates looks like things hibernate
when it's cold if they do something when
it's hot and dry they estivate yeah let
me do this real quick you do not hate
Canada
I like candidate just do you yes guys
tell me you hate it this is a fucking
cold I know how those fuckers stay there
I can share that poutine right up their
ass Karen they're they're our friends
no I'll have none of that okay I spent a
hot dry period of prologue state of
torpor dormancy every summer still using
that motion taking them and most from me
stealing my mouse that'll do that'll do
but chilly on your pizza I've never
tried protein it sounds good this game
is just one or two so this is bookworm
adventures to where you spelling words
magnum opus where you spell words to
defeat enemies PopCap which it's
technically still around but really it's
dead yeah let's be honest I would love
to see them make a third one that's
never gonna happen
they're never gonna have any no they're
owned by EA I know yes to find a way to
their linking their making plants versus
these online multiplayer shooters is
actually what they're doing with top cap
what garden warfare have something
better than defiant
yes defiance fine in dented sure
pizzas with jalapeno and pineapples no
no maybe definitely like jalapenos and
green olives eat EA has ruined
everything they've ever gotten their
hands on they were they're the worst
they run this is why I guess systems for
supposed to serve yep but since I
finally got to play the sims 3 recently
it's new to me even though it's not
really a new one episodes
I almost forgot spelling long words
great it's powerful jem tiles we did
play some pine a coaster it was crashing
the stream every like 15 minutes oh good
grief we try these previous
previous previous previous
re previous rich what is your flat-out
favorite film these things change based
on your mood and what time of the date
is I give you a list of films I really
really really really like Fight Club
Evil Dead 2 Raiders of the Lost Ark
Robocop Midnight Cowboy no hope we kiss
for the first time no not because of
Midnight Cowboy is because I finally got
the fucking balls to do it
and it wasn't after Midnight Cowboy
we watched Midnight Cowboy and then we
watched the Moriarty holodeck episode of
Star Trek The Next Generation and that
was our first goddamn kiss
watery
now I don't remember which are the two
Moriarty episodes it was sadly I think
it was the second one I think it was the
ship in a bottle
yes we're doing that know the game Lord
this a jam jar dog
what she'd done bondages and use the gym
well you didn't did you know I didn't
campaign campaigners threatened w the
ring yep
Const concierge yeah sure why not
you or see
signifier
nope
scourge resurging Oh forgings never know
always pays to try and stick a s on the
end yeah your Froemming should be
nowhere 20 coaster planet coaster was
crashing under stream I know you're
gonna be like oh but it was there yeah
eat shit spelling how exactly it's a
word just I carry ah see I know it's
like a band okay
back in fact goose nope
Beck you us
sort of a epic Jason X 9000 I'm glad
you're loving link to the past and yes
cool ghouls and ghosts is great
Wednesday stream this week with
Thanksgiving I haven't actually haven't
had a chance to talk with Jack about
exactly what he wants to do about that
I'm presuming there will be a stream
because technically we're doing
Thanksgiving a little bit early which
means I might stream on Thanksgiving
that's not to you you know if you want
to do something else I did last year
people seem to want me to do it again I
won't do it as long it did like an
all-day stream but like I might come
here in place in Mexico or something for
a bit if we're if we're still in town if
plants don't change with your mother I
don't know revengeance I don't know
do you could do it everyone Thanksgiving
maybe XCOM and I'll watch some Evil Dead
movies I figured you were gonna be
coming you were gonna be streaming on
Wednesday well I meant a bowl okay so I
figured we would be here on Wednesday
and Tuesday
so no slasher I didn't have anything to
pop down Lester I didn't have I didn't
have much to do on Thanksgiving you were
down there or you know what you're
always invited you know your mother did
your mother's make food yeah I think she
didn't bother yeah so I'm gonna drive
down there let's see last year heroes my
think I'm gonna drive down there and
force your mother to cook a Thanksgiving
dinner when she wasn't going to already
anyway is like you know I'll just save
her fuck it
well you have to understand that like my
father's siblings are dead he wasn't
really that much in touch with them it's
a small family yeah you know my mother's
brothers don't live nearby it's just you
know my sister lives lives in Arizona it
there's just not a whole lot of people
nearby to have Thanksgiving with so it's
like I'm talking about my mother making
it or not making it's like basically
making it for me and rich and my dad so
I mean we've done like turkey breast and
and sweet potatoes and whatnot but she's
gonna be having like Thanksgiving proper
with her next-door neighbors have
invited invited her over and they've got
a big family and she's close to them so
they're gonna they're gonna do
Thanksgiving proper and you know me and
her me and him ago visit her and just do
things giving snack and I'm not a huge
turkey person anyway just saw the
someone in the chat just saw the ash vs.
Evil Dead morgue scene if something else
tell you don't watch that right before
Thanksgiving dinner yeah you don't even
know what happens in the morning scene I
don't and just the idea of what doesn't
gory shit before eating since we're
fighting a chicken something else it's
something else
I can't wait to binge watch the rest of
that show
yet nope hmm yeah what love what we're
do you have your lobster for
Thanksgiving is historically accurate
and baller I I think we should switch to
duck
I had baking duck for the first time a
few months back and oh my god so good
let's rather hunt the ducks are cute and
turkeys are not which would you rather
shoot this is true Ducks are definitely
cuter than turkeys make the fabled
turducken you how many letters do you
need a minimum of three but years ago we
got more pride than that man ducks are
an ether assholes Oh geese are the worse
Ducks were grape every weird remember
our old apartment complex we had ducks
that were living in the pool but one
year duck sorry this Ducks have the
ability to be irate as most birds don't
have penises and you remember the duck
family that was living in the pool that
there was a boy and girl Mallard that
we're living in her in our pool before
it opened in the winter like in the
spring yeah that would be filled with
rainwater and they were so cute to be
sitting on the ladder and their I mean
breeding pairs of mallards are very
sweet talk to watch yep
it gives her trash birds any any any you
see like any kind of park that has a
geese that live there there's just shit
everywhere fucking everywhere who knows
everything about animal biology and a
lot of other subjects because she is a
very smart woman and then she reads and
she picks up information and it sticks
easily and she likes dirty things she
likes smart things she's too busy
looking for a word knows it any of my
wonderful compliments I can hear it you
just want to make me say it louder and
more coyotes no I'm just thinking of
doing like faggots like like a bundle of
sticks but it probably wouldn't take it
because it also yeah yeah you probably
shouldn't even say looking for the heads
how does he pick coyotes out I know you
just words just just quoted well I think
you're an unsure to flight quotation no
titty in there just give another fucking
cue yeah
oh I'm definitely a random walk the PDF
pages article we raised to be a random
encyclopedia of volume
peruse or just finding things just
flipping through all that's interesting
carrots stagger swagger sure sure
I know we almost said quotidian which
would have been awesome oh yes brilliant
sibilant
the fuck is sibilant I think that's when
your asses when you listen your exes are
sibilant okay
yeah the enemies get a little bit more
fearsome once you get out of fairytale
land to be fair this is the first stage
geniality oh they're right sibilant is
what snakes do sibilant you're right
you're right
so snakes are sibilant cartoon Cobra
Commander yes it's kind of coming for
pelipper Kirk kind of booked
Cobra Commander wouldn't do that shit
god damn it how do we know what it
sounds like if it's typed I don't know
how do you how come Lisp doesn't have a
have a lisp in it you can pronounce Lisp
lifts and there's a lisp in Lisp or
onomatopoeia which is an odd amount of
poetic that's the word for like boom and
POW and bang as a category words that
imitate their sound sound words that do
you know the spelling imitates the sound
of the word Karen Karen makes me feel
like I have the vocabulary of a
five-year-old you don't have to be
ashamed I've just gotten used to what
this this girl knows stuff
triple jam
oh we don't have the triple Jim yet
doesn't get unlocked yet didn't get a
lock normally once you're out of the
like tutorial stages of the game using
three gems will get you a wildcard tile
which is really nice
exams waxers yeah diphthong doesn't
contain a diphthong
expensive
Exxon's waxers yeah somebody's saying
marooners in the chat very nice nice
except it's not taking it looks at irate
little eat it farmer Joe I know
seriously and like the chickens turning
to like cook chicken meat and stuff you
go rich if you watched any of the new
preacher show it's okay they managed to
take the first issue not volume issue
and stretch it over ten episodes that
sounds why I don't all right and I'm
sure I'll see it sooner or later I'm not
I'm not in a rush get try it try it buy
it play it with your kids luck with any
luck will start a revolution if PopCap
will have to put out three NCAA games
they bought some shirts we played this
game all the time can you still buy this
game from them probably probably but pop
Capcom I don't know we bought it like 15
years ago
if it takes some 10 episodes to get
through one issue of the comic they're
not gonna be done until 2050 seven I can
ask with you something like preacher I'd
almost rather wait until they're done
with the show before checking it out I
binge watch anything anyway
it's a shame there's no G
can't get experience where an H away
from saxophones sometimes jet saying
exposures
was with me on the stream this is Karen
hi who's my ladylove exposure is the
bride of Evan Stein no he works better
with the with the groom of my last name
that's true the Bride of Frankenstein
yeah
all the Gatto or something there would
you like him yeah you need another be
with you oh yeah ligamentous mangled
wrangled just sayin beguiled or an e
short oh so close
abs all time little best what you use
yeah not there either
I couldn't his fellow lugubrious leg
wanna like an iguana is that a real word
okay thank you dig whatta ya say gwaan
Adana
that one end integument winel for
Thanksgiving would Gore 1987 be best of
the worst territory or no I'm not sure
I'm not familiar with Gore I can hardly
answer that question because I just
don't know my plan my plan if I stream
on Thanksgiving Jame this decent chance
I'm gonna do Evil Dead I don't know if
I'm gonna do Ashford's Evil Dead or the
movies or maybe just Evil Dead 2 and
then some ash vs. Evil Dead but I'm
leaning towards you've Evil Dead
from it nope
okay we could have Alaska either that's
a proper name whales not pulse long to
us for what sale
oh you mean two movies that night for
movie night would Gore be best of the
worst I've never seen gore so I can't
say oh it is there good good one
King Dragun Islamic there yes and it's a
bonus word not sure why hey cuz he's a
pig Oh bonus word I said it because
because it's not halal or whatever it is
mom so I don't know it's interesting I
give him props that's what we're
thinking with that however is things
what does he have to say does he say
what is for the big the best part about
working in construction is all the free
nails and copper wiring it does any of
his thing say his week to something or
other like hover over is his icons
damages likes weakens no that was just a
hidden bonus word wow wow if that's why
they did it there's not some other like
the letter has some water in there Oh
spell adjectives spell adjectives for
bonus damage Islam because oh it's an
item you whatever thinking you're
overthinking that's not about about
usually don't blame dietary laws it's
it's just an adjective is this one or
two this is one we're playing one aren't
we ah
I installed two like this one I clicked
on the exe for this one or two uh don't
worry about it it doesn't make much
difference to us
- this is - okay why don't we have three
slots for items it's because we haven't
gotten it yet they have an unlock they
get because we just started a new game
all right all right that makes sense I
guess this gave it a Delft game that
looks like for kids it's a game that's
playable by kids if they have patience
for dying a lot or you know just to work
on word building and whatnot well you
you get stronger yeah you get stronger
it's a game the more you the more you
play the stronger you again so if kid
dies a lot eventually is gonna get more
powerful no matter it's a game kids can
play for sure it's a game that that
adults the adults adults tend to have
larger vocabularies and kids and then
you can just blow the characters away
like our here our um I mean we don't
have any in here oh this is a fresh
install yeah and this PC like our top
words are all pretty good insane yeah
don't quit come back to the game oh no
we do over this from the last mission oh
this room this is from last time yeah
estivate geniality indented episodes
previous bandages foraging vampires
sibilant marooned we've come up with
better words than that was oh yeah we
played we played it with Louise and Joe
we played it with some friends of ours
than they were coming up with words like
doc yeah but it's more fun I mean I
guess the idea of the game is for kids
to build a vocabulary but it's fun for
adults to just try to come up with the
best words possible and ridiculously
over kill the enemies so much at say
waffle
we could get more for walks on the
waffler because of the bonus sure it's
brittle doom 64 is out I don't like the
sprites in doom 64 I'm not that
interested as a great that he made it
it's great that people can enjoy it but
yeah they're ugly sprites
yeah
I started off on a roll now I know I
can't find a word to save my life
one tarter Labrador maybe there's no way
well I'm saying tartar my teeth for say
my great very good there's my great it's
not there to my grave voice is Jack
watching the Green Bay game probably not
Jack's not a big sports guy by two
minutes pessimism knows anyone happen
for by two minutes pepto-bismol petrify
there's no R
baptism there's no c42 methods
I Drive a dope-ass car I Drive a
standard normal car you sedan a
fuel-efficient yeah regular never got
any new talk oh oh she with the laptop
power we ever caught up in tips we're
caught up on tips last one was asking me
about my thoughts on Madison where I'd
only been a couple times Madison is not
close to Milwaukee dollars from each
other but my thoughts on Madison were
I've enjoyed it when I've been there
hey Madison the Becky oh yeah she had a
friend lived in England that she knew
online Oh was in town there's yeah
visiting and we went to the Dells while
you're there why don't even remember
that part of it I remember medicine you
weren't there I never remembered you
going maybe it was while you were living
up here uh-huh I mean yeah we just went
for a couple days it was kind of weird
because it was May but it was hailing so
most stuff there was closed but yeah it
was nice I got to see the airport at
Madison it's got a little little tiny
Airport and I've heard nice things about
Madison in general like that's like a
little Seattle or Portland or something
that's livable when relatively
affordable actually in future Phi Sachin
yeah future Phi
purify
this game looks like frog fractions now
frog Francis has some crazy stuff
frog fractions messes with you is it a
math game that really it pretends to be
like a real game at first and then wacky
things start happening and before you
know you're like the president on the
bug planet filming insect pornography
and all sorts of insane things insect
yep
do we know the guys over at blame
society the people who do Chad Vader
welcome to the basement some other shows
nope
see now I've got three things about two
things and though two things in the
other care which is normal okay
well cuz I thought I was the old guy
don't get your chance is that a game yep
what's it about I'll tell you when we're
done with this that's the last thing
will go okay very can't justify jesuits
no it's only a night oh god these are
some shit letters yeah
pacifying there's no wife or justified
Pastafarian
stuffy possibly Staffie isn't short for
Staffordshire
no I got nothing against blame society I
just don't we just don't know them
really because someone else who does
stuff up in this area videos one
let's get ready Wow Wow I guess
technically that was a five letter word
but you're suck you I just want to get
rid of the cubed the V you're slumming
it you're slumming it
well usually like when we're playing it
we take our time
oh no I know I don't want to spoil your
shit out of everyone
Ronny hey it's an adjective who burned
kirk eat turkey today parakeet depend
perky this is an expert on
bedside
torrid
sister Lee nobody just Julie's pretty
good thank you what happened to the
goose she's behind us that's where the
goose would be somebody said what
happened the gooshie never mind
boosted still trying to get rid of those
Jay
there's no L there's no why Noel I can't
do jalopy well I can't do pinion open
sure
hi hydrazine nice new user isn't that
somebody from like Pittsburgh or they
say yen's instead of like you or y'all
think so
what any whopper harpoon
moved on a work on
mmm yeah like it's gonna say Oh
hyperbole yeah it's too late it was too
late
Shah's can't get rid of that J or at
least AJ it's always a J I guess it's
just the red letter media thing j-josh
Jack Jessee
can you know you can use gray blocks but
they don't do any damage they don't do
anything but you can form you can't use
the locked ones unless you heal them so
there's no points for the grayed out
ones cheap damn it Jake ditch say he's
the chat what does he just four-letter
words with a J well if you just want to
get rid of the J
Java somebody saying Java don't work its
place huh say it it's a city in the
Middle East I want to heal
well you'll probably kill him her whoa
wait whoa remember we're not we're not
playing for a normal levelled up
character you're on the verge of death
he only got four hurts
sir let's know you can do lingually no I
know if there's an RJ was ing Libyan
I'll be yeah
use the good out there's a good out on
the top left hand
plebeian yeah use the good hell or cure
it but being a being a oh we need to
cure the good that he plead yeah satsang
PL eb e IA n as to YZ p l eb e i am so
we didn't okay what entity care business
there was another rebut good good good
nuts that's great I'm just looking to
see many of those things I'm sick
equivalence it's fine yeah
one for the plumber site
I'm gonna go OD game you don't even look
at the other one
Karen hates the other minigame she just
likes this one you have an option
between like how many your mother like
eight fine finger there more whether you
get more later but is the only one she
ever plays so you gotta pick a
five-letter word beans gold letters mean
the letters in the right spot
silver letters means it's the right
letter wrong spot
yeah I think they had this on TV it was
called a sling go yeah I said hosted by
Chuck Woolery I was a game show are you
close
you know it wasn't addy
oh you're right all right it's okay
by Odin biked no it was by Penn you were
wrong belly crawling non Viper in other
ones it was called lingo it's called
lingo here - lingo lingo that's lingo
lingo that's right whatever yeah cuz
that doesn't make any sense lingo lingo
those pun bingo and lingo
I'd like to buy a vowel whoa
rattling Gervais what's that universe is
our University of Ethel in chocolate
déluge
hello Lera T graduated
oh well Larry's better anyway estuary
you know yeah maybe that's too wary
you're not ask you worries though
now what demiurges what exactly is a
Demiurge it's some kind of god or
goddess or something I don't really know
I just know it's Howard I've seen it
thank you feeding your ego with a worm
the Killa Torre has to ice right
it's depilatory not depilatory or
something right it's depilatory is it I
don't know dilapidate dilapidated or do
i / - yeah
- like a date okay yeah fill Atari or
remove I think it's got to us the real
van says it was something Plato came up
with to explain the motion of the
universe without resorting to the
classical gods yep every plate works
well damage is a being that created the
physical world but exists outside of it
as opposed to like this like the
opposite of pantheism or something right
where they the universe itself is divine
as I understand it which I may be wrong
I don't know I don't know serrations is
like to check sure the joy says you can
spell top or pay I only know
three-letter words cause am stupid
there gene I get $2 serious serious
sorted every sorted there one of those
little round ancient ancient was city
and row row tight the little animals but
they're like calcified shells oh good
that's saying serrated there's wet
hurried Karen just schooled you and
serrated
pavan's come
yes castigate certainty
those of ours wows
well I can't ok sewage I like that
sewage is yep or savages ass wage says
the chat to Isis oh they are to us is
wages I think I'm gonna go with with
sewages just cuz it gets sort of the W
yeah wages their spelling at a SWA I GE
ass wage with an AI dragged town you
gotta get rid of everything else
alright hey sw8 GE
yep I think it's wages a SSU a GE just
just in which it's fine satsangs
swagalicious says where's tyranny source
rex i think they're tranny source rugs
trained another attorney
this is why do i are picturing like to
rest running around like a the god gonna
win big bigwig in the long fake
eyelashes like it and i guess that would
be more like more like drag queen
asaurus rex but it's interesting image i
guess when the meteor crash that wasn't
rocky horror swag nificent I like it
like
I like the Rocky Horror joke
Karin just sent ragging the best joke I
heard this week that Rocky Horror pun
was the most awful thing ever
the rocky old joke I made the meteor
crash those who's gonna keep saying it
to you laughs I don't yeah a rocky whore
whore cognition sit there cognate that's
cognate words stars
let's give her some w's though Jesus
Christ
I mean and nerdy for like widows widows
spurious nope yeah supreme is there
anybody got anything good with a W not
tomorrow it's not a house
Towers hot Awami how to whatta me casino
mm-hmm is there by two minutes there's
no I had no no I'm not gonna be happy
until I gets get by two minutes
that's your : life notes bituminous well
you wanted brown and Soros and you got
it did I get it yeah Wow I don't
remember and it was my life's goal
getting moisture moister me
symbiotes says the chat why
yeah I think it's yeah yeah mic is in
front of her face can I move it well you
want to hear her right and that's the
goal
it's just a quiet girl
so quiet
Oh God
well we had clubs now we could have
peons
potions motions emotions
whoops
liberté Tibbets
beauties like two men oh there's nothing
must before I got rid of the end
beauties yeah
how far away from juxtaposes I've heard
me a little while away from juxtaposes I
don't think we're that close
Jesuits well time I want a queue we got
exquisite daebak's herbs no I do skip it
that's tomato situates Jesuits saying a
chat I had Jesuits it didn't take it I
thought unless I spelled it wrong
ESU IT Jesuit no mr. treasurer it
jae-joon yeah however you say that word
I almost have gunpowder
we don't W now did we get all those
tobias X dioxin
blunter I figured he was just eating too
fast but yeah inhibiting says the chat
nice let's power it up when you really
really really overkill something like
the screen turns white yeah and he turns
into a wrecking ball and I think
annihilated I think we need to damage up
a few more times before yeah we don't we
don't have enough strength to do it yet
oh they're suggesting that it's splinter
the rat that the termites choking on its
me a little bit big for the termite a
bit unfair
alright so what's the deal what's the
plan up to you did you want to play one
more round of this you want I'm gonna
don't shit your pants we played a lot of
this we play five rounds let's yeah
let's play quick one more quick round of
the guess the word one I don't think I'm
large yet oh I'm sorry
okay don't shit my pants all right
anyone else you know you don't give me a
mouse or anything you just expect uh you
know psychically turn-on don't shit your
pants they say we should sing we already
saying there aren't that many things
rich knows the lyrics don't know bad
with that
stop reading chat no cheating I thought
we were
oh because of this game yeah that you
mention the other game was like oh I
thought we were taking suggestions did
Jack call out Jack head and other
obligations I think it's probably going
to visit relatives for Ellis probably
too late I don't know what he's watching
this for Wow we get to watch his kids
tonight I don't know I don't remember I
don't remember his reason I know we
couldn't I know he's got a big Senate
family I thought maybe one of them was
doing Thanksgiving put that down I can't
play this because I've played it before
it's gotta be you this is a very short
text adventure game with a graphical
interface okay you played you know text
adventures right yeah you got like some
kind of instructions to start type play
to view achievements type Awards I
should work go don't shit my pants yep
that's all there is to it just like
delete to delete your house just don't
shit your pants type play when you're
ready to go do I have to put in quotes
you really need to take a shit
try open try pushing the door push door
pushing isn't working did I win did you
read the check no I just thought if I'm
not gonna shit in my pants and I just
got my pants and at least that shit in
our pants
now there's only one of the possible
endings this is multiples but Jesus
Christ seemed like all I really had time
to do I only had a little more time and
a higher IQ I know right it's like the
story of my life super hard and shit
your pants maybe next time you should
say what you're gonna do in case the
text is hard to read okay I told that I
was gonna fart okay what else can I do I
really need to take a shit
can i I don't know how to puke can i pee
you're in a room with the door you don't
know how to peep walk to wall I don't
know how to walk through wall banging on
door I don't know how to bang on door
squat on floor I don't know how to squat
on floor
hold or I don't know how to pull door
how we get a different help try help
does it give you commands I'm just
curious
nope pulled or didn't work
you tried pushing the door but it won't
budge and pushing is pull door open pull
the door open
oh right it says use toilet I don't know
how do you saw it say what you're doing
pull off pants sit on toilet enter right
oh we're getting closer
take off pants open door pull door enter
bathroom shit
yay
do I miss type toilet I might have and
enter to continue there's like six other
endings there's six other things you can
do I don't I don't know what they are
how to get them I really don't pants we
strain to perform we got the that first
ending you got enter toilet sit on
toilet into bathroom
fart fart play oh fudge softly I think
is one open door hold or start gently oh
that gives you more time
jiggle read book turn around art play
hold or pull off pants what if you enter
the bathroom with your pants is that an
ending put on pants enter bathroom nope
it is one that is one I'm saying try
flushing toilet okay fart
farts gently yeah fart gently into that
good night rage rage against the dying
need to take a shit
open the door pull door bring these
pants
and to bathroom flush toilet I don't
think it does anything shit on the floor
I think you can check your pocket let's
check a pocket shit on the floor
look what you me already says hunker
down I just looked over that house I
really need to take a shit door enter
oh wait farts softly put on pants check
pockets check your package you find some
pills for stomach relief says they take
45 seconds okay hey we got time
we already farted softly
oh and they were just gonna wait the 45
seconds try to shit before try to shit
pants right away I'll so he says type
don't shit after the 45 seconds I'm
assuming no you shit your pants anyway
game over I said don't shit yeah she
said nothing possibly don't do anything
oh except for that yeah
awesome kill self-type shit instead of
play at the beginning alright first
we're waiting a minute in 13 seconds
and how will we play the waiting game
how we in tips best I look nothing else
yeah
oh closed door once you're in yeah you
try that the pills work you didn't shoot
your pants congratulations the top two
so now you read that short one
it shit the game hasn't started yet but
you just couldn't help yourself you just
shit your pants
game over one more two more it looks
like there's two more question mark
thanks start the game with that say kill
self your vision fades in your soft as
you shit your pants game over
Oh God yo that's called seppuku
we got the sub punku award Oh
oh that's all we're done the last one
was just to get them all we did it we
shouldn't we shut up Anson didn't shit
our pants we did both really it's not
his fault the door was so hard to open
sometimes even zero effort is rewarded
pants they get you every time giving up
is never the answer
or is it how convenient that you had
those pills to not poop for an extra 5
seconds you shit before the game began
if only you had a little more time and a
higher IQ and you have a crown to prove
it
I'm an idiot I forgot to run the chat
washer but there is another option Bob
we're gonna run dumb out we're gonna say
we went to cousins and they were out of
small cups so we got big cups so I just
drank a bunch of raspberry Diet Coke
makes a coke zero zero Diet Coke -
that's okay it's rice berry
tofu ace out mode the moded user even
better I could read them all and you
could just be the fucking girl anywhere
you want to do it okay that works
brontosaurus water the brontosaurus Adam
vs Adam versus space damn bait always
bass damn space Adam Adam versus space
Adam ah yeah edie born for what if
you're if you watch this in youtube and
you're confused the end of the stream we
read out the names of the people who
subscribed during the stream it's a
thank you so thank you to the people who
subscribed and help make this show
possible for viewers like you
yes you supported you were supported you
were supported snake in the garden 14
months and we don't enter and unlike
television we don't interrupt every 10
minutes to sell you erectile dysfunction
pills even if you're a woman
Oh
I I think what we call what I do is the
the color ma'am I just ran a commercial
oh geez
was it for erectile dysfunction pills or
antidepressants er least they stopped
doing commercials for douches was it was
it was a commercial for what you get
chat if it should be over is 30-second
one be funny crash no commercial
commercial BS isn't this what we don't
what I don't pay for adblock or four Oh
so the reptile dysfunction yeah
insurance Babji frantic girl takes a
while to decipher the ones that my my
capital looks like between you know you
gotta figure what are they yeah for
future reference which unfortunately
penguin here you call yourself what you
want it's fine what is that what you
want but if you do put a foot spaces or
capitals in between the words that'll
make it easier to read out loud for what
it's worth
my name is Tate 17-month says go rich go
do the things it's from the solo stream
hard tree fucker says longtime viewer
now what's up thanks to Amazon Prime
me too married to my right hand
congratulations Walter Poe
Neil Breen is the best says hi there no
escape Paulist 48 red Teddy 23 kernel
nibbler Sean 14
months says after this many months I'm
either entertained or I don't know how
to unsubscribe I would say which it is
but I like being mysterious Magnus PU 22
fucking months in a row
waiting for one of those to come up
pokerface specs for 22 fucking oh shit
fucking one two three
fucking what to start spaghetti specs
for twenty two fucking months in a row
22 months can't believe it keep it up
guys
Len flows in ski just saw the edge of
seventeen and a rival highly recommend
both Grand Moff Cali 25 fucking months
in her own mani banany vanished 64 says
fantastic owner came in keep up the good
work
Paul's variety pack 18 months says 18
months oh my god that is almost 19 what
have I done
I don't even have internet this time
it's lupus 13 months says Raging Bull is
my favorite coaster at Great America but
demon and Batman are close seconds /
thirds
- too bad they got rid of the wizard we
got rid of the wiser
barely - the wizard that was my first
roller coaster I mean I go to Great
America all the time they thought of
might you know collapse mid ride
so that was one that didn't have any
drops I think I actually got on that one
yeah oh yeah we did how many big drops
does nice what's that and a thing and it
was fast
it was fast and it was real low to the
ground so you were kind of like right
there could 264 use your e name twenty
five five
months in a row RL Steiner why brick 42
Incas e99 says hi Karen hi rich
hi El Santo 98 something innocent all
else and all and yet baby choo-choo and
Lego face thank you watch out to you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do really
Oh course you like not allowed or trying
to run too early called trial they
didn't run the commercial rim and we're
still straight
