Jul 8, 2016
INSIDE
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/751528288581873665

[Part I]
we're gonna end ended already oh no oh
no I started it rich how's everyone
doing rich I started streaming
what's-what's no Jer
lots of lots of things are new rich we
can there's lots of stuff to talk about
today while we play first first things
first what are we playing and what the
fuck is this we are playing inside
inside is a game that looks and
apparently plays a lot like limbo the
the indie darling from a few years ago
made by the people who made limbo the
indie darling of a few years ago
limbo was the one where you played as
like a little shadow boy and you you had
to like platform your way through a
shadow everything was silhouettes and it
was deep and dark and mysterious and we
play as a little boy here and a lot of
silhouettes and I said you know what
someone asked if we were gonna play this
and I said yeah why the fuck Madison
yeah look at him jump looks nice
because I was not here on Wednesday we
wanted to do a makeup stream to also
make up for the make up room we didn't
do from last week so I said fuck out
playing inside play this thing like a
like a dumb little kid little kid I
could not be here on Wednesday I went to
a super swanky movie premiere that I was
really excited to go to my I've talked
about him many times
my cousin Jake Jake Szymanski yeah the
guy I used to do stand-up comedy with I
did improv comedy with him I made videos
with him he's the mustache guy in if you
look back at my old high five videos
he's the guy with the mustache okay
we worked at Funny or Die together he
also we are the almost twins Jake and I
were born a week apart we spent every
waking hour together
I can only assume different mother so
that would have been some pregnancy Wow
right oh yeah I see it I want a truck
I'm being sneaky now we know is there a
story to anything or not yet just
started we're in the woods where it
started we're in the woods I assume
we're sneaking away why is the title so
low gungeon I changed total check got
refresh refresh so in any case he Jake
worked for Funny or Die for a while then
he spent a little time directing digital
shorts for Saturday Night Live Alou look
at these guys in their creepy masks
sneak sneak and he made if anyone saw
the HBO mockumentary seven days in hell
with Andy Sandberg and Jon Snow he
directed that he's directed some TV show
can you open and climb inside the
refrigerator is this should we this is
gonna have like a very special message
we did that you just can't get out we
can can't open the refrigerator I can't
I can't do anything with your address
damn it I'm sure there's something I uh
maybe I can climb on top of it the part
of me that loves dark humor which is
which is like all of me that's like 100%
of me mm-hmm
really want you to be able to get
trapped in a refrigerator oh hey this is
my first puzzle rich I need to figure
this out so in any case oh oh oh oh I
can grab it
nice what's that noise sounds like a
giant refrigerator
nope there's nothing and that should be
pretty loud did hear that that dog
probably would have been sniffing over
here we jump Zona case he directed a
movie called mike and dave need wedding
dates which is out this weekend and he
convinced fox to have a Milwaukee
premiere for aw for us friends and
family and that's where I was Wednesday
night
to support my cousin and my bro I get
seeing a movie that I find to be
incredibly funny nope do you see it huh
you see it I see what you said I see it
and then you jumped in nothing alright
I'm gonna try and change this again I
swear to God I hit update yeah I hit the
update thing I did sometimes it takes a
while I hit it again by changing in
fulfilled invalid title Oh possibly bad
language
we can't swear apparently we can't swear
all right well it didn't damage didn't
change cuz apparently we can't swear
I've never well I guess we've never
swore in the title before
doing crater hitch this game is too
that's gotta be something reason I'm
almost positive we have chuan before
oh there's a dog there's a dog swimming
after there's a dog swimming ask me he's
a dog so we have Jesus this game is
showing a pretty dagger hold on let me
let me see if I can change the something
on the Game Capture really quick give me
one moment here I think I can up the
Alpha
can I
to be able to do that oh I thought I was
able to um whoopsie
to like up to the l-let me out let me
change that inside the settings here for
the last couple streams been asking us
to talk about the CS csgo connor strike
go gambling scandal rich have you ever
played chemistry I've never played
counter-strike
I have never played counter know what I
could tell you about the the the
gambling Fiasco what can you tell me
this guy who plays counter-strike
professionally also owned a gambling
thing yep I know I know we know as much
as you guys do which is a guy apparently
what he was doing was doing
advertisements for the gambling website
but he wasn't telling anyone their
advertisement so he'd go on and do and
be like oh my god I can't believe I want
all these skins on this gambling website
and he never told anyone that he owned
him which is a dick move but I I know
nothing did he like gamble update like
bet against himself for anything weird
how does this work
no no so who gives a shit I don't he's
just a sleazy asshole ya know the world
is full of sleazy as the only thing he
probably did wrong was he told me like
he showed people how easy it was to win
on this one website and he owned the
website and he easily could have
manipulated him Wang so now he's just a
dick just a dick who cares I don't know
anything about csgo I know those skins
for the guns are as ridiculously
expensive as some hats in tf2 you know
that's yeah do you want that because
because it's rare oh oh wow oh my god
Richie shot me to death there is no
running which is really bothering I
approve of children being shot down sure
Oh trust me Jack's gotta talk about some
pokey mob Oh fuckin no I wanted to I
just wanted to talk about Mike and Dave
for a little bit just because it was
what I was doing on Wednesday
obviously this little boy just got shot
which was awesome playing a game or a
movie on the fence so I know so far I've
had to do things I've had to UM I've had
to like pull stuff over sanika platforms
so there has been some fail states this
tutorial is section that's fine
oh Jesus they're those masks
honestly creeped me out and I'll be
honest with you okay okay okay so I need
to figure out what to do over here
here's the puzzle this guy's chasing me
we jump over that well I'm into this so
far
nope nope fuck fuck didn't jump over
that one didn't jump over that one Oh
oh my god that's creepy what is this
game about this is it you're watching it
it's about a boy little boy running away
from men and masks I guess it could be a
nads boy okay I guess it could be a
little girl that's a boy
a little thing you're a little thing now
a snap your way for this guy there you
go again and we have to jump that's
important
it's either a boy or a non-agenda
reverse is something I don't fucking
know
probably Oh or do I want a surface yet
oh yes I did that I wanted the surface I
definitely wanted the surface so far I
love the perfect way and I've I prove
this
umberto Cabbage Patch I'm bad dog
Cabbage Patch he's gonna comment but I
know you're going to address that later
okay so just redefine it this is all
right Jack what are your thoughts on
pokemons go oh my god it's the Great
Escape do you want to you want to like
experience more of this before you get
into it cuz I know you're probably gonna
get deep into it I'm good we're gonna
talk about Pokemon go for the rest of my
life probably um no we can start talking
about but is there anything else that
you want to talk about right no I just
get a feel for this home first
I don't know that pigs I got a dead pigs
that's a fucked up man it's so fucked up
so Pokemon go does a gamer a creepypasta
I know I remember limbo being very
similar but like this has an added creep
factor of the adults hunting you
you know limbo had like monsters and and
big creepy shadow this is this is the
children of the corn shit right here
whoa
that was neat yeah this is this is
definitely I feel like this is darker
because of the of the grown-ups hunting
you
but uh so here's the shtick with Pokemon
go is it is a real-world augmented
reality game doctor tell us I'll bring
out later I'm gonna let Jack go on about
pokemon gold crap probably for about the
next hour and then I will bring this up
so in Pokemon go you are a pokemon
trainer an you have to catch pokemon but
it uses google map information and so
you have to walk around the real world
in order to catch pokemon you need to
take a walk around the block and then
maybe you can get a Rattata
or whatever and then you have to take a
walk around the block again and find
these things called pokey stops and
pokey stops are always that like like
landmark ish sites you know like um they
always know they always they exactly
and so then you you get you have to walk
close to it and you have to be within
like 10 15 feet of it and then a little
thing will show up on your app and then
you can swipe it and then you get like
pokeballs and revives and stuff for your
pokemons and eggs and stuff to hatch
right but you have to walk you have to
get out and move and it turns walking
around the block into a goddamn
adventure and it's great now when you
first brought this up you show that
today I know they're working on like a
new a regular Pokemon game and I thought
that's where this was from what they
were making you do like this kind of
shit in what would have better normal
Pokemon game and that would have been
obnoxious hmm but it's it's own thing
oh yeah it's complete that I'm fine with
it it's completely something you don't
um I just wanted to play a regular
Pokemon game and I don't I would find it
extremely annoying that I have to go and
drive down a few blocks to catch my
Ratatat attack
right Oh we're gonna have to walk these
chickens into that thing is that we need
to sacrifice the chickens I think I do
that oh yeah it sucks them up okay oh I
need some chicken feed I need some
chicken feed so I can lure the little
chickens Oh or no I just need to make
them come over here they just need it oh
my god I need to sacrifice these
chickens rich and run I'm gonna beat you
I'm gonna beat you chickens you're
fucking dead that's what I used to start
it oh they're not dumbest thing I wanted
to murder them come on
Oh for you before that game so so this
game is all about walking around and the
more Pokemon you catch the more you can
level them up and then the more you have
to walk around and it has this like this
kind of like hidden system of of
catching pokémon and so like everyone
thought you can tap on your screen you
can see what Pokemon are near you right
and the one you want
might not be near you and so you have to
kind of like them if you walk a little
bit this way and then it oh it's a
little bit closer
oh now a little bit okay oh it's it's
definitely over here you have to find it
in the world which is why people are
worried about like children running into
the street and shit yes which I guess
you could be what are we gonna find the
first reported death due to Pokemon go
what is what is the first child going to
wander into the middle of a highway if
it hasn't happened already soon very I
can only imagine very soon I'm just
gonna jump and see what happens cuz that
was when you've told me about this that
was my first thought mm-hmm kid dies
wandering into highway looking for
Pokemon his face in the screen there are
I beat in front of me look there we glue
things on that pile of pig
ya know see that now there wiggle you
like worm you think yes I'm those piles
of pigs that's weird
don't you think yeah oh I probably need
that car to pigs so ya know so far so
far it has been incredible
I have just wanted to go outside and
catch more Pokemon I have I've only had
it for a day and a half and I've already
walked 10 kilometers I don't even know
how long a kilometer is I was telling
rich like I left an hour and a half
before I knew I needed to be here just
so I could put my cell phone on my bike
handles and ride my bike very slowly
here so I could catch pokemon on the way
here and then I caught like 25 of them
on the way here rich I hatched a couple
eggs I'm gonna do the same shit on my
way back home and it's gonna be great
how many are there to catch I it's only
the original and so there's like
probably a hundred and what's the every
175 oh yeah I'm exactly familiar with
CRT Wow your bike ride thing you're
already cuz I mostly done with the game
now oh god no there's never there's
never any done
there's never done rich yeah you got
like a quarter of your Pokemon you're by
but it's not about just getting a
quarter program on it's also about
leveling them come on oh this is creepy
it's about leveling them up rich and
then and then there's Jim battles which
I haven't even gotten into yet because
they're they're very difficult and and
then like holding on to Jim's and oh
it's it's so crazy I went out last night
like Lisa got home a little late so she
got home at like 10:00 10:30 and I was
like honey I'm gonna go out for a little
bit that pigs ass there is a worm
sticking out of that pigs ass and they
gotta put the warm in a less distracting
place this is first you can't kill
chickens this is supposed to be a
serious game but scatological oh oh
because it's still alive because it's
still alive
I think you're gonna do yep
already on it rich you got nothing on me
pig you got nothing on me this shouldn't
work
what really fall down that could be a
creepy person now 200 yes do I have to
drag this stupid pig now it's like an
alien worm invasion could be oh can I
really know this can't have a good end
this can't be little Johnny saves the
world the tone is all wrong for it right
I'm sure there's something to do with
this button okay so here's what people
are telling me about Pokemon go yeah
apparently it was a girl playing Pokemon
go recently we found a dead body
well yes I saw that that was a that was
that was just in the news yeah because
you know why because it forces you to
like explore the world around you and I
just pulled that were mines of course I
just pulled that worm out of the pig's
ass Ridge that was the puzzle for this
particular at least now I know why
Oh what the fuck Oh I am now controlling
them with my mind
well that is creepy as shit and that's
great how does the kid better do this
uh-huh because he's played video games
before I I need to know what's going on
and I'm sure that's not part of the game
what the hell is going on mixie and 1:20
says hey Jack and rich I love the show I
don't know what do you like nirvana
if so I highly recommend the first four
albums of the Silver Chair good old
school punk rock
you don't like Narada oh well fuck my
cock I've heard silver higher I love me
some nirvana yeah yeah yeah here's
your's here's you here's how you sum up
birch Evans musical
a CBC the doors at Nirvana hmm that's it
I'm gonna make these guys go back in
their cage
what can you close it no all right
can you jump maybe I can
okay you guys just stay over there how
about that that's that's weird
that's weird I remember the first
silverchair album I remember I do like
paper wood but mostly I think I just
like Dark Side of the Moon
sure sure sure rich ac/dc is shit to be
honest ac/dc it's like a handful of
extraordinarily good songs fuck yeah
like the greatest shit in the world and
then they have just a sea of fucking
songs that sound bland in the same yes
but their songs that are good songs
they're extraordinary they're they're
great grain tea thunderstruck hells
bells that their whole first album like
was like it had hints of comedy like big
balls where it's like where's that
coming from
that was great dirty deeds done dirt
cheap oh fuck yeah
back in black back in fucking black back
in black is beautiful money talks
well I got a lot of forgettable shit
mixed in with those but what blood
mm-hmm no a CDs is great
so this game is just limbo again I've
never actually played limbo I've only
played like the first hour or so of
limbo but I've heard this is very much
like limbo but I also hear that it's
better okay so for whatever that means
to anyone but you know it's puzzles and
it's got a neat world and so far I'm
okay with it
can i grab this chair no okay jump on
this chair what about the Zeppelin rich
now you discipline Finn really for all
your classic rock love what does start
naming some Zeppelin songs let's see if
cashmere is that a whole lot of love a
thing exactly I'm okay with Zeppelin
stairway to heaven just like the most
overrated thing ever yeah agreed I think
even Led Zeppelin agrees with that
though
well it was a lot of other songs I like
I don't just like songs from ac/dc
Nirvana and the doors I think though
with with Nirvana and especially the
doors I like pretty much every song
they've done there's some stuff on like
bleach that just sounds like screeching
to me but in general
I am missing an element to this puzzle
hmm
you like some Biggie Smalls rich I'm not
saying everyone should hate rap I'm just
saying I don't like rap that's true
about resentence he does not like rap
it's usually just talking over samples
of music that's actually good I mean
that is but basically the creative stuff
in a rap song it's been stolen from some
other source that is so incorrect that's
fine it's you can read it no well the
bothersome thing about that statement is
while some rappers do use samples I know
they don't probably all don't and like
it's not like that that used to be
well-liked widely done in rap but that
is not that hasn't been widely done
around in the past like 20 years right
well there are birds
okay this I'm sure that box has
something to do with it what I'm
assuming is eventually I need to push
that box
down to break these boards so much Nicki
says right now it's not too much Nicki
who was on scrolling scrolling too fast
me fun you veces yeah if it was just
talking over video game footage it would
be great rich look I don't call this
music I'm sure there's nothing over
there
oh I figured it out I figured it out I
know today it's like there we go I'm
just a big dummy
there we go wasn't the dead gangster
paradise
Coolio Liam Coolio Coolio getting upset
at we're down for Amish paradise when
gangster's paradise was essentially
stolen from Stevie Wonder retro right
right but one is a remix and one is a
parody yeah yeah no stolen stolen I'm
sure that was all done legally but oh
god did that kill me that killed me
based on your limp body I would say yes
bitch please don't say Coolio why not
call themself Colio that's that's his
name rich has the right to use the man's
name Coolio it would not be someone who
I would refer to when talking about the
rap genre that would be like they'd be
like talking about rock music and
talking about Nickelback all right do
you know who Nickelback is yeah they
suck look I think all rap sucks well why
would I differentiate Coolio
because cool because he's bad
coolly it was not the ambassador from I
never said he was enough reflexive rich
everything is wrong with you I can't
express an opinion without people losing
their minds
hmm
there was another one of those head
things Oh
that's different
okay so we have to have them stand on
the two things obviously one's gonna hit
a wall and you keep moving them for bid
right
I think I need to close the door on one
now firmly I'm on the outside so you can
see where he's blocking see now I'm
thinking what I'm thinking here is then
I take this guy who and I move him to
this wall so now the other ones walking
further this way in order to oh oh sure
there was a hole there was a whole other
side to this to that I just didn't do
because I wanted to explore what was
this way let's see if this works
no network probably getting the wrong
guy with the door try to close it now
and walk on the outside sure sure I'm
with him
we're anti back seating as far as like
give us a little bit to solve the puzzle
we will let you know yeah when we need
help solve the puzzle don't worry we're
soft but I would have gotten there I
would have gotten there Hollen there was
a whole thing over here this whole thing
wonder oh that's it left behind I got an
achievement for doing that okay great
great great great cause poor thinks
we're fast on the puzzles you know we're
very early on I'm sure we're gonna get
stumped I'm sure we're gonna get stumped
sooner or later by the brain power of
myself and rich Evans mostly rich Evans
we will get through this game this kid
can only moved it was like right or left
you'd never be able to find his way
around some of these obstacles
right yeah rich comeback seed because
he's here and like I said if we need if
we need help we will we will shout it
out you know who sucks speaking have
shouted out kiss yeah kiss they just
suck so much as musicians as musicians
and as their image so everything about
kisses obnoxious shot you didn't die I
did it I tell you I jumped yeah no you
did I knew to jump you did it I knew to
jump you're gonna fall over aren't you
this for an ID game you wouldn't eat
naughty dog game you wouldn't even have
to press any buttons during that or else
or else the big button prompts would
have came up press a now press a now oh
oh no oh no oh no oh that was part of
the game part of the puzzle
that's fine but basically I know if we
stop talking about it a little bit ago
Pokemon go I think I've seen a couple
people like call it like the best VR
experience and I agree you know like we
talked about our problems with VR know a
lot and a lot is like you know feedback
and you know like not having the the
haptics of the world with us but here
you have the world rich waiting for the
first kid to die oh I'm sure I'm sure
it's gonna happen I'm sure it's gonna
happen but it's so much fucking fun and
it's free it's a free game everyone can
play it eat well you can play it if the
server's are up and the server's are
always down because they're a little
crap at the moment but I'm having such a
good time playing Pokemon go the only
problem is a lot of times you know
summer vacations that my kids aren't in
school right now and so they'll want to
come on a walk with me then I gotta let
them play too and it's a cluster fuck I
want to play
no the kiss movie we watched last
Halloween is not the reason I'm not a
kiss man that didn't help I've always
thought they were kind of obnoxious yeah
they suck never really liked the music
and their whole stick always just seemed
kind of dumb yeah I guess I'm uh uh yeah
it's a stick I'll allow it but you know
there it would be allowable if their
music was all right someone was already
mugged in the stab I said they went into
they went into a bad neighborhood to
look for Pokemon and someone stole
hopeful that she's Darwinism at work
actually well no no no you know what no
one should steal a phone I know
Mongo what's what's what's in all the
gene pool when I let's get rid of some
of those nonsense when I did like today
I ran into a bunch of people who are
also looking for Pokemon and you know
like everyone has their phone out and
everyone has their phone out in the
exact same way where it's kind of like
hip level and they're looking down and
you see them walking around looking down
the phone walking on and like you just
know who's playing Pokemon you can't
make eye contact me like hey you see
that squirtle over there and I go oh is
that where the squirtle is and you have
a little conversation about where the
Pokemon are and you know I know you can
both get it I want to see racing down
the street to get to that new that just
appears maybe that's gonna happen they
say they're gonna do like they're gonna
do like local events where you have to
get together as a group and as a group
like use all your Pokemon to defeat
someone then we'll see some car accident
assess this game I take it all back this
game could turn into a glorious
spectacle can you can you tilt the
ladder can you yeah I was kidding get up
there they go
now I've run into so many people like
even last night it was super late at
night and I'm walking through the park
you know looking for Pokemon I was
trying to do a gym towns but the server
was acting a little funny and like I
said like a group of guys and then I had
their phone on and we gave each other a
little look like yeah so you don't put
you doing some Pokemon
oh that's horrible rich maybe okay so
maybe I shouldn't have turned that on
first is that ways what I'm getting from
it I probably need to turn it on for
something hopefully just to get the
power on for the elevator yeah I
definitely should have opened the door
first and now we know now we know
sometimes we learn through death it's
not it's not a popular game did somebody
gets murdered for the Pokemon they've
collected so there's no P versus P
there's no player versus player battle
against and I think that's very
purposeful there should be I mean this
could be so epic this could be so epic
the chaos this game could wreak on
society I do really think that would be
fun is much like in the Pokemon game you
can come across another trainer and you
can't reject a challenge if you can
challenge done that straight right if
you turn them down you just lose all
your Pokemon so you have to stop
whatever you're doing to get into a
Pokemon battle with anybody who you
don't lose your Pokemon you you just
lose like the in-game currency would you
start us and so you then you have to
think to yourself oh you should lose the
Pokemon well that's not true to the game
well to make the gameplay work for this
new publisher easier that's really how
it should work if you want to make it
more exciting that I well I guess what
I'm saying is I like the idea of like
risking an in-game thing for your time
in the real world we're like I'm really
late to work but fuck I can take this
guy I got to protect my Pikachu I can
take this right to get my I can't lose
my Pikachu I named him right
Pikachu scan me through a lot of rough
panels oh yeah yeah no oh oh what's he
putting up oh he's putting up a he's
putting up a clay stir oh I want a coy
stir he's a nice type fuck yeah fuck
yeah okay all right hold on hold on for
a second people boo boo boo hey boss
boss I'm gonna be like five minutes late
five minutes
protip it's always wise to get your
enemies distracted with each other and
in fighting that's always to your
advantage yeah yeah
Nana says that is good pasty how about a
glass of milk I don't know what that is
got a reference to someone
you watch what they do ahead of time so
you know what's going on yeah kind of
but what did you jump I jumped and I was
outside of the square oh I knew it but
you know what I was just so into the
jump rhythm
bump-bump bump-bump second week quitting
smoking can you insult them for some ex
can you insult me for some extra
motivation no go fuck yourself
smokey mix smokes a lot is that good so
that they wanted I think I'm not really
sure I tried its ride I figure I don't
hate you enough to give you a good
honest insults
so I wonder what the reason is for these
meaningless tasks I can only assume this
is to prove they're under mind control
yeah did you almost do it I did thank
these people over there
just gonna play it safe until I see a
clear exit point don't freak out Jack
don't freak out mmm pretty I might want
to run yep okay okay
definitely price should have ran there
how are you supposed to go how was I
supposed to know well my character did
like look around nervously Oh could be a
fake out to blow your cover but then
you're definitely fucked run that's the
second time we've done a second or third
time we've done like a dog kind of faked
out where you know well what do you want
what do you want that's fine
oh oh here you know still coming still
coming I'm still coming what's the story
of the showed up late you know about as
much as we do really we're we're this
we're this little kid and people seem to
be under mind control of some sort and
there's other creepy guys with masks
they'd shoot you when they find you okay
that's definitely not the right call I
cannot outrun the dog to get to the mind
control thing that's the quote oh yeah
what I probably have to do is wait for
the dog to come out down here yeah there
we go then I climb up here because then
the dog has to double back there we go
I know you got a deal I was hoping you
would have to push that the other way
you weren't attached to it to land down
the dog that would have made me happy
but I'm a sick individual it's just a
remake of another world blade are the
world honestly know another world is
more is is almost like an adventure game
yeah not not a point-and-click but like
another world had it or you know what
it's it's like it's like it's it looks
like this you know it's a 2d
side-scroller but it's a lot like night
trap where you have to memorize and do
very specific things at very specific
times okay okay I get it ference ad says
hey rich I just watched all of the
cutscenes from the Ghostbusters game the
concepts of the spider which and the
Liberians backstory were far more
interesting than Ghostbusters - or even
the remake I can't say about the remake
cuz I haven't seen the remake it's
almost certainly gonna suck but I
haven't seen it there's there's a chance
extremely slim chance but the movie
won't suck I I got I got somebody in
general I agree
better than ghostbusters - the word on
the street about the Ghostbusters movies
is there were some reshoots whatever and
and it really sucked before the reshoots
and now now it's kind of all right is
what people are saying it's kind of I so
it's gone from really sucks to kind of
alright that's what you get okay I know
I just want to see what happens
hmm like cuz I can still control this
guy can you do anything here
no okay that's just wanna see if there's
anything for him to do
can you walk him without grabbing the
thing yeah okay but like this doesn't
open
what can you grab that's what I was
trying you can't do that you cannot oh
yeah there's nothing I can really do
over here too because I can't go back
and use that stairwell that clearly that
that stairwell would be great to use
right now yep
by the way that'd be a really useful
maybe maybe the kid has a mental problem
where he can't go laughter right it
probably has something to do with this
falling backwards maybe maybe that maybe
that maybe he was partially brainwashed
sure it probably has something to do
with this area right cuz like this area
seems different than all the other areas
this is a switch up there oh there's
another mind control thing up there can
you can him climb on the thing oh my god
what just solve the puzzle it's just no
but I'm still stuck where I was oh oh
wait but now there's two of them so
maybe the two of them can open the door
yeah maybe can you open the door now
can you grab it
huh see now what happened hold on I want
to I just want to double-check something
I want to see what happens if I get off
of the can you have him there we go okay
there we go
so now if I hop up I should control both
of them nope only one of them
interesting interesting
ah it's the word
oh no but it didn't on there
sweet jeebus yeah all right okay
well I figured it out that's what that
thing was for then all right then you go
up here now you control this guy who can
then take this thing then he jumps up on
the thing yeah
boom tomorrow eh Kate we are not fucked
we've figured it out
no wait no I just need to get him on top
of ledge so then this guy can fall and
get back on to just control this guy so
this guy can move the car let's go
hey we figured it out Bella no spoilers
don't spoil the the the puzzles for us
unless we ask you for help please Bella
Bella was trying to be helpful but might
not have known that we don't want no
spoilers
although I want to get right over this
thing this guy out
I think it's water guess what I don't
great work crackerjack work maybe
towards the back end of the opening yeah
yeah that's right and then just do it
faster and I just do it faster there we
go
what are those things that you control
uh they seem like brainwashed human
beings yeah they seem like brainwashed
human beings horribly creepy things are
going on game synopsis hey did you like
limbo yep
yeah pretty I really think that's it
well story-wise what was going on in
limbo was just monsters and it kid lost
in the forest pretty sure I'm pretty
sure that's it
oh wait wait when did this come out ah
that's a good question
Oh speedy games done quick is doing
Mario maker stuff and I'm missing it
shh shh that'd be great
that would be great actually I've been
looking for this is one thing yeah I've
been looking forward to
oh really and GDQ yeah I wanted to watch
the merrymakers don't know I can't I'm
sorry
shit happens you know and I guess we
wouldn't feel we wouldn't we wouldn't
judge our audience if they went over and
watch that right now two windows goddamn
it you can look the the SDS gdq chat is
just worthless is it yes it's a hundred
thousand people sings nonsense memes it
makes you weep for Humanity oh well yeah
Oh a button we should probably push the
button don't you think I know all the
stuff is on YouTube and I can watch it
later and yeah I can't watch it no okay
dad
damn it
they did a crypt of the necrodancer race
last night oh yeah over so fast you
could enjoy that door open freaking go
in that's our clothes before I could go
in obviously I meant that the other way
is there a switch I could switch it to
turn it off and get up the thing but I
just want to explore a little bit maybe
there's something over here probably get
off at first dingus this just gets me
back into the room I was in so I can try
again
what stream is rich talking about summer
games done quick it's the big
speedrunning marathon that's going on
Twitch this week they they they're
collecting money for charity I believe
which is a good thing that's a good
thing Jerry's good thing you heard it
here first folks charities a good thing
hmm there's a door and there's a chain
I'll let see if I can dive down and hit
that button and then swim over hope no
come on way to drown I'm gonna drive I'm
gonna drive I'm gonna drive yes well
that got me over here do I want to be
you over here that's the question
yeah great a floaty thing this will help
Oh
yesterday I hated charity thank you for
showing me the life breaking news
daddy's good daddy can be a good thing
almost had benefits a dick then it's not
really um I guess I guess you know even
dickheads need charity sometimes you
give money to Trump or Hillary your
person that's not charity that's
donating to a campaign okay
charity charity is donation donation
donation but it's not a charity right
charity implies you are giving to
someone less fortunate this is a charity
does it have to be something that's
universally considered to be good just
you're giving to your giving to someone
less fortunate I think is the only
stipulation to charity right like
technically like you know making sure
cats survive harsh winters is a charity
I think that's a silly charity because
like people need to who there's train
because like people needs to survive
harsh winters to you know I think that's
more important we're not category we're
not caring which is more important as
far as charity is concerned it's just
charity science ad says what I don't
like is that most of the hate towards
the Ghostbusters trailer was just that
it wasn't funny
yet the studio keeps saying the hey is
all sexist well what do you think
they're gonna do in us it's the easy way
to deflect and invalidate all criticism
right yeah no they've absolutely lucked
out with this whole with this whole
sexist thing look well they've lucked
out that people are buying into it it's
all fuckin deliberate like we want to
make money on ghostbusters people are
gonna hate that we're doing another
fuckin remake of thing what do we do
that's not women
we just call anyone I hate to the sexist
it's easy it's easy it's easy oh yeah
yeah
oh my god they back-end was open look
and how you're supposed to know that I
mean once he got in there because that's
the puzzle rich
because that's the puzzle
Joop to do scoop the dupe well shit
now I was fuckin around
why did you do that cuz let's fuckin
around
why did you do that why was I fuckin all
be fuckin around show that was the game
I like to fuck around they have some
level of fun but
yeah I like the did you see the jfet Sam
oh yeah I just saw I like I like the
jfet Sam oh because you know it can be
used anywhere that's just a moat that
says Wadden I love that a moan I saw I
saw that still image from the best of
the worst and I was like there's the jmo
and I was waiting I was waiting for the
perfect jaya mode and it came to us yeah
I co read that one because I think that
that goes into my people are buying into
the sexism thing none of us says reminds
me when Warner Brothers Studio came out
before Batman vs Superman and claimed
people may not like it because it was
too smart or something or other yeah but
people no one bought into that bullshit
you know one everyone everyone out dogs
well depending upon your politics you're
buying into this one example that's what
I'm saying I'm saying people are falling
for their ruse for their don't you know
don't be a sexist like the movie rooting
for their team instead of you know
analyzing issues and things point by
point and well that's how I feel about
this because I have analyzed it's just
what is what are we supposed to feel
about this what am i what am i leaders
say that's what I feel we can't have we
have no emote room left for a juicy Shaq
meet a moat we would have to get rid of
something to get the juicy Shaq meet a
moat and I don't know you know the only
thing left to get rid of that's
non-essential I feel is Jesus
we need 40 more subscribers get out of
people get on it no if we good
that's the best solution if we get 40
more subscribers then we can have more
unless you want me to get rid of Jesus
which I don't know maybe you're okay
with that
oh my god the dockets in the water
Nicky swim under um I'm a weekend a
little bit but see slow okay I'm hoping
that slows them down enough run faster
kid it's stupid kid oh oh get those
boards off as fast you can
they're going around jack Hannah they're
going around they're going around
oh no oh I thought I could get that
second one off free DJ I was greedy I
got creative greedy fucking deserve I
got greedy not the G I know everyone
likes the Jesus I like the Jesus I think
he's rich it's gonna be twice they're
gonna have to run around in the third
time like when you get the last word
hole gates from you gonna fall over
something y'all go fast okay one at a
time one other thing one at a time
Jesus Christ says
do not get rid of me please come on
doggies
that's fuckin brutal you know what I
still have not seen bridesmaids I've
heard nothing but positive things about
bridesmaids and I have not seen again I
really need to see you should unite the
sheepdip well that feels great but
bridesmaids I've I've heard nothing but
good things about just like Deadpool
just one just one hand
I thought that that I thought that I was
a little slow on the climb last time as
I believe what my problem was I should
be able to slip through but I'm not
gonna do that because I want them on the
other side of the fence
dog sit down
I feel like the least essential emote is
lion brain it serves the same function
as crocodile brain so you don't need
both well remember we used lion brain
has now morphed into that means a good
thing and crocodile meat brain means
you're dead being dumb right it of
course it does mean the same thing Oh
duh he didn't he didn't survive that TV
any story fault he didn't grab on to the
ledge I wanted him there you know so
like when you when you're a lion brain
you're being really smart and when
you're a crocodile brain you're being
really dumb do it to a strawpoll who
wants to see lion brain removed and
replaced with juicy shag mate
I swear to god someone do a strawpoll
and no weird jokey third option just
those two doesn't hand
I'm gonna hide over here so the men
don't see me
okay sneak into your submarine now no
Shack meet you need a Josh emote hurry
moon Mary no I'm honest this Josh ever
been on a stream once once josh has been
on one stream has he earned it has he
earned every regular hmm that's it
that's asking the real questions they're
rich he needs to get off his ass and
join us for a stream if he wants a
fucking a boat that's what I'm saying
I see he was on a rocket League stream
and talked about music it was delightful
okay a rocket League yeah yeah I was a
rocket League strength oh maybe he's
been on - that sounds right now cuz he
was also on the n64 stream so perhaps
he's been on two streams now still is
that enough to earn him an emot-- also
he's just part of the red letter media
team yeah yeah Bing Bing you mean Gigi
oh no and I'm being devil's advocate
here where it's like oh you know like do
we need a Josh Moe maybe we have too
many things that we want
Crocs days lion goes is that what
they're saying oh this was someone so
you guys I mean technically
theoretically speaking you know we we
rarely use line brain and crocodile
brain anymore you know like we could get
rid of both just croc need to go this
all says you know we could just that
that could just be a thing we could just
get rid of both we're at this croc need
to go so far let it go longer 21 votes
for yes how many toes do I say for no 21
for yes for for no 42 for what for no it
doesn't need to go oh really
yeah I want the fuck it out they want
that over Shaq mate isn't what I think
that means Wow check it later but that's
that's pretty that's pretty comfortable
margin absolutely I feel like the a Josh
emote quite until you get the 40
subscribers juicy Shaq meat is a
necessity hmm to be fair Jack tim has
never been in the stream and he has an
emote that's true and you know what I
got rid of him yeah I got rid of Tim to
give you Jay oh there you go okay I
listen to popular demand and got rid of
Tim to give you Jay even though they
don't know Tim I loved I know I loved
that to me mode that was just for me
that was just a me thing how do you even
do juicy Shaq meters a tiny emo it I've
no idea Shaq's face I guess you can't do
jack Shaq's face oh there's nothing we
can't do well they I thought they wanted
like the chicken with the eyes on it the
chicken like with the eyes was the juicy
Shaq man would you want a juicy Shaq
made that doesn't have Shaq's face would
you be basically would you be happy with
the cartoon chicken leg with the eyes
from the t-shirt would that be enough
you yeah and and they they will you have
to submit also like a larger
and they do screen it for like if you
use the celebrities face I got I got
flagged one of the very first emotes
that I wanted to use was Rick Berman and
I said no celebrity faces yeah so it
can't it can't be Shaq got lots of nose
so yeah yeah Tim is more than poop again
timmi timmi is fantastic he was he was
just recently in our latest past me a
beer video and Timmy's the grave yes
that means we can't do the Reagan photo
either no we can't do the Reagan file
definitely not yeah no uh no copier you
know a person's face is a copyrightable
dealy-bob I love Timmy Higgins he's the
best was it was Tim without the mustache
there jacket I know it was just wrong I
know I know I know no one recognized him
up come on
sometimes I have a feeling this game
just wants you to die horrific Lee which
I guess I'm lucky hit the button and run
can't you use a person's face if you get
their permission yes okay if you go get
our shacks permission for a juicy shack
me t-bone will go right ahead on that
absolutely
someone get all the shack someone get
right ahold of Shack they saying that
Jesus and a celebrity theoretically
speaking if the makers of that SOS video
wanted to come after us for infringing
on their intellectual property they
could well they're horrible colors I
know obviously that's not gonna work you
keep trying what well no no last time I
tried to run back and then run over it
this time I try I was thinking maybe I
could grab on to the door as it went up
that was my okay that was my idea
there's gotta be something I can't open
the open that gate back up is there a
great yet fallen I don't believe so
unless I can open this great up no I
can't open that back up I already tried
that
so this guy jump on you know that opens
the doors and the things roll after me
let's just try running and see how far I
can get
oh I see I see oh did you see the door
opens you got a slide in the door I see
I just timed it wrong I got it I got it
well we're not the hell was that what
the hell were you doing I was trying to
get in the door I think that's what I
was supposed to do I don't know I didn't
see a door that time
there's a door that flaps open on that
first one see Oh on the actual Oh or I'm
just supposed to fall oh I guess I'm
just supposed to fall just maybe you
could we just never have a timing right
no no no there was a door on the thing
that I think I thought I had to slide
under but apparently I just needed to
fall and then I'm fine
so I know Jack thought of that comic
books or oh my god did you we haven't
talked about that you've seen it right
which that SF de breeze oral history on
comic book publishing I saw when you
talked about the image comics I believe
or 90s comics at least oh my god no the
while back so remember this is good this
is an old thing SF debris or de bris
does this like thirteen part video
series and it's basically like just him
talking he has very weak visuals but
it's just him giving an oral history of
comic book Publishing's mostly centered
around Marvel and their spin-offs of
image and and valiant and it is
fan-freaking-tastic I think Oh bother
you're the one who yeah you sent it to
me great oh my god I was hooked on this
series it's so fantastic it actually got
me to read a bunch of valium comics I
remember they were quality back in the
day the there's a new run I'm catching
up on a
xiu'er could never catch a break that's
that's the whole thing that was
literally marvel I love Marvel under Jim
shooter he got hosted from Marvel and
then he started valiant valiant was good
that he got houses yeah man could not
catch a fucking break and it ruined
comics Oh long run yeah and then he only
it was almost able to buy Marvel back
during their bankruptcy but was yep a
million short a fantastic SF debris
spell tout de bris look it up it is
fan-fucking-tastic fantastic thank you
so much for for sending that my way Oh
bother
really really dug it
this isn't gonna be good
oh we know okay I've been I've been
catching up on Archer and Armstrong the
new series the 2012 series Arthur not
strong which is really good and then now
I just started reading those Oh
well apparently they're they're in a
reboot and I just started reading
Harbinger which is also pretty pretty
neat did it claim self those characters
everyone's dead because they were bought
by a video game company you know it
clearly didn't do anything with any of
those characters other than Turek
dinosaur hunter a claim a claim was
running valiant for a while they bought
them yeah and now they're now valiant is
it something again I think they still
owned by acclaim that's a good question
I don't know I don't know but it's it's
really good comics really really good
stories and really good art and the
mixture you know like I'm constantly
surprised by how good the art end
stories are in Valiant Comics I'm Kenny
Powers sense I'm Kenny Powers
hey Jack and Jack and rich and rich
hello who are your favorite talk show
host
do you like Conan or Colbert how about
me Kenny Powers the the answer to that
question is Johnny Carson I think they
meant was on now hey I I honestly don't
watch TV hardly ever
but you'll catch four clips the next day
I do does John Oliver count as a talk
show host he does indeed he doesn't do
though I've only seen his clips on
YouTube I haven't seen full show because
I don't have the HBO's I think you know
it full episodes on his yep oh I miss
you on his YouTube channel okay cuz I've
just seemed like clips I could post it
here and there okay you're always funny
mm-hmm
I know I like Conan back in the day he's
still good yep still good still doing it
Johnny Carson was dead before I was born
nope always reminded that I'm old it's
inescapable Wow some sound was the same
that name to show us what I shouldn't
should have said John Oliver show his
last week tonight last week for night
yes last week tonight always funny even
Samantha bee Daily Show correspondent
Samantha bee full-frontal she's getting
good too chanting no guests oh he's
technically not a talk show you know
I've always thought those were the
weakest part of the lecture yes that's
true right I'm not disagreeing with it
no Samantha B has some good stuff daily
show I just haven't seen
I've watched a little bit of it and
didn't quite feel it which what's it
like being old that's a fair coin
everything just starts hurting simple
things getting up sitting down walking
there's a lot more aches and pains
associated with these normal everyday
activities than there used to be and
then there's the hair hmm yeah preach it
but preacher I started losing that
relatively early it's fine everything's
fine
try to stay in the best health he can
whoever was trying to quit smoking you
quit fucking smoking or else your old
age is gonna suck smokers who are all
just not living miserable miserable
lives probably reach them star arbol
says I'm 35 and I can't sleep in my left
side anymore my shoulder hurts too much
yeah it's the shit like that
that just ruins your life it's that way
forever now forever forever that doesn't
go away
I don't know if I needed to go back in
here but I wanted to be safe
yeah yeah I don't care if Jon Stewart is
in the ultimate cut of Batman vs
Superman I'm still not gonna watch for
the ultimate cut of Batman vs Superman
how about that that's the kind of thing
like I've been willing to watch clips
online of what they added but I don't
care enough to watch the whole movie
with that I didn't like the movie enough
to watch the whole movie with just some
new shit all right
premiere give me a list of what's
different and I'll be happy I dyed it
yep
I think no you know what Hulk keeps you
though that's leftover beefcake standing
up every hour boom we should probably
stand up I haven't been you know why
because I've been walking around
everywhere for my fucking program on my
legs four times you can find a Pokemon
in the other room should I go with Jack
quick Jack turn on your Pokemon Go app
okay hold on I'm gonna see if we do it
Pokemon can we get them can we do a
mobile stream can you stream from your
phone I don't believe you can not now
anyway YouTube is working on a way of
streaming from your feet we need to do a
mobile Pokemon go stream you're just
walking around and I'm following you and
you're catching pokémon okay
here's how we do it yeah if I if i hook
up my phone to my computer via a
lightning cable I can record what
happens on my phone on my computer if we
have a mobile Wi-Fi hotspot can we do
that yes we're doing this are we yes why
not well do it earlier stream won't do
it tonight we'll do an afternoon stream
I'm absolutely down with it let's
totally go downtown and we'll just look
for Pokemon downtown yeah but like you
you understand like we have to hold a
laptop computer open and the phone open
no that last type will need to be open
in order to stream everything no it'll
need to be open open why so it continues
to run when a laptop is closed it calls
we don't close it all the way we've
rigged it so I can't close I don't think
it'll work we have to do this okay I
guess what I'm saying is I'm down you
can stream from your phone Tiberius Kirk
says in all caps can we
I've never hold on I'm checking to see
if my if the app is working when I went
out right when I got here when I was
just down the street I was in the middle
of catching a piggy and the server's
crashed yeah and so hope it's back up
great it's back up
I'm in rich I'm in oh there's a pokey
stop right there hold on it's loading
it's loading everything I don't see any
Pokemon really nearby though but I'm
just gonna stretch my legs for a little
bow be right back Ola get some drink or
something at it there's a special thing
just for this just for such occasion oh
we never set it up there's hey Everett
hold on everybody
there's a special thing j-just for
situations like this when when we both
get up I made a very special thing and
we never implemented it hold on hold on
pause let's see if we can get this to
work live on camera
I think this is the thing we need and
then if we go like that you go like that
hold on this isn't gonna be nearly as
cool as you as as you think it's going
to be because this should have just been
something that I like had
but just what's gonna happen it's just
what's gonna happen
I'm we're gonna get there and then I'm
gonna stand up it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great I
made a little thing but I have no idea
where every anything on Ritchie's
computer is rich where's everything on
your computer all the streaming folder
no I need to look in your in your thing
here yeah okay I see I see boom
see look I made a little I made this
little I made a gift rich I made a
little gift for us hold on we're gonna
move it down and we're gonna move and
then and then we turn the game off watch
this this is gonna be great
well I specifically made it like the
color of the background to like make it
blend in like this okay see isn't that
great and then it says we'll be back and
it's us dancing I did not make that
pixel art gif of us someone someone else
made that but I think it's adorable
I think it's adorable and I love it wait
I do want to move this like under
I'll move this under the blue thing
there we go perfect there isn't that
great isn't that adorable it will move
it down to the bottom here so we're like
great great so now when we go when we go
and walk and stretch our legs people
will know that uh it's not as good as
all the red border you had a few weeks
ago that red border was great I know
okay alright now we'll be back I'm gonna
go check for Pokemon I'll be back and
research my legs
you
you
hey everybody I even muted the
microphones ah there's no Pokemon near
the studio at the moment I did run
outside really quick to see if I could
catch one but because I thought that'd
be funny do they actually move around or
they just kind of appear and disappear
what do you mean the pokemons like in
the world yes yeah well I mean they
appear in an area and then they I think
they do move around yes in the world I
mean this world well I do like I mean do
they slowly move around or it's just one
Sun on this block this intersection
it'll be there for 30 minutes that it's
gone uh yes I do believe it's like that
okay but I don't know for sure I'll be
honest with you I don't know the extent
of it I want to know what kind of
Pokemon hang out by the bronze fonts we
can go okay hold on can we can i stream
from the app can I scream from the
twitch app i'm opening up the app right
now how do we stream from our phone why
don't we look into this okay I will look
into this as a stream yep okay okay hold
on here hmm all right where is this game
this game
okay back to it rich I see a streaming
app for twitch on Android but not iPhone
okay well I know you know what we could
do it from basically if I get a really
if I get a long enough lightning cable
and have someone just holding the laptop
open I believe it's an Android I'm
saying there's a way we can do this with
a laptop and it's not like you'll see us
on camera anyway I suppose we could use
the laptop camera as long as we had a
full battery we could we could probably
stream for an hour or so I guess what
I'm saying is it's doable it is it is
doable so we will look into it we need
someone to hold the laptop someone
obviously to hold the phone I mean the
laptop battery would last a good while
walk it walking around I think that's
just gonna be the hard part is we'll be
walking around for an hour
just pull the laptop on a wagon I'm sure
there's I'm sure there's someone working
about bar I'm excited about this idea
only because it means that I get to play
pokemon go more yeah the zoo yeah oh man
that would be great Jack you gotta go
get that Pikachu he's right in the
middle of the a2 enclosure Oh God you've
got to go get it oh look at that look at
that look at that
well that's freaky as shit
so light keeps of that bag apparently do
me a favor yeah just take a light off of
it I want to see how it murders you it
cracks the glass all right
I assumed I needed to keep the light on
it but you're right we should have
tested that that was a good that was
good to test curious what happened great
cuz every other death has been great
that is very very creepy
Camille October oh yes our no problem
yeah I promise never before hey I see
what you're doing you Japanese ghost kid
Hey oh but I can't see the tip because
do you alt-tab hey pause it in alt-tab I
want to see a couple tips that aren't
showing up here it is a laptop sure
these ready I'm kami powers fable okay
took your paper will says took you a
recommendation to watch Fargo great
great show fucking hell yes season one
blew me away with its awesomeness season
two WTF I'm not reading the rest of that
your thoughts Fargo
well I'm running it spoiled for me Oh
have you not seen it no and and it's
it's not necessarily a spoiler bud yeah
it's you know it's not not a spoiler
okay
it's amazing TV i season one for me is
way more enjoyable
I think the acting in season two is far
better but I don't much care for the
story like the season 1 story is just
classic Fargo yeah it's beautiful
everyone should watch Fargo if you can
and I'm Kenny powerses hello again has
anyone from rlm seen the nice guys
exquisite film and you should review it
also I can carry your laptop
that's what well kid thought of you that
are the special one-day intern carry a
shit while we streamed Pokemon a camera
at us - I think we just have to use the
camera on the laptop all right again for
simplicity sake Shh well if we have an
intern OS opposed they can play a
fucking camera your laptop will get the
web will get the webcam out of this
gonna be so fucked right it'll be great
um no I have not seen the nice guys Mike
or Jay might have I have not seen it I
really want to see it it's looking like
one of those movies that I'm gonna just
have to wait until it comes on demand
because I can't get out very much cuz I
got kids
no having kids is a great idea just that
is not the way to go
just means I can't go out as much
Brammer would do sub uh you know what
actually that's not a bad idea I love I
love that they knew you were gonna do
that
oh I see I see what I have to do I have
to close this door and close her in it
we're not or not or not or not I'm not
you did great they're great great shit I
need to I need to close her in an area
Oh I've you know what I probably need to
close her in the other side and then
where's the thing you need to do huh
where's the thing what section do you
need to be in to the right you should
figure this out how do you know know cuz
I got there already
maybe the rights where you need to trap
her maybe that's why the rights there
I'm I'm gonna I'm going to assume hey
cake says Jack rich what do you think
about the new chairs feature in twitch
for tips donations and annoying animated
gif badges what have you have you seen
this at all I haven't seen gifts yet
what's gone just explain it okay so we
have we have the stream tips right yeah
and basically how that works is you know
someone pays through PayPal and gives us
a little money we read a tip twitch has
realized that they could have their own
version of stream tip and make that make
that PayPal money on on their end
because I mean PayPal gets a little cut
of every stream tip yeah
and so they are initiating cheers which
is you as a viewer buys these little
crystals that are called cheers and then
you can give a streamer a cheers and a
little animated Cristal gift pops up in
chat and you can say something to them
and you pay money to twitch and then you
can give a little cheers yeah and that's
it which gets the money and tweet well
twitch gets that percentage and the
streamer yes the Milka gets the money so
then like let's say I as a viewer buys
10 dollars worth of diamonds or crystals
or whatever right and I give $2 to this
guy I give $2 to this guy get to know
this guy they still you know like they
would get like a buck 80 you'll get 20
cents then get a buck 80 you know yeah
so these streamers are still getting the
same amount of money but some garbage is
being added into the chat and now twitch
gets the cut
unlike PayPal okay I'm not bothered by
it I'm not I'm not happy with with
taking over the chat only because the
way only because we've already worked
out how we do it yeah and I'm sure
someone will come up with some sort of
API to where it will change very little
for us but I don't want
I like the chat being simple like it's
already crazy I'll agree it's the chat
is already crazy with the modes and
memes and stuff like that I just want to
make sure that chat stays simple yeah no
beef kata beefcake and who's figuring
that out with your beefcake someone
someone else in on our Twitter when the
news broke they were trying to like
figure out all the API and all the
percentage cuts and everything and it
was like they did some work on yeah the
beefcake is looking into it it was it's
it's intense sand supposedly this is a
short game apparently we can finish in
one sitting I don't know if we will just
this guy you know that's who it was
thanks beefcake yeah beefcake in just
this guy you know we're figuring out the
the ins and outs of the cheers thing and
obviously twitch is trying to streamline
their organization and they see a way to
make money so good for them you know
we're not trying to take away their
money and you know what if it works
better they give us a platform
absolutely if they want that money
instead of letting PayPal have that
money yeah it's fine oh absolutely
no and you know what if it's integrated
into the system it might work a little
bit better because you know we have
problems with PayPal every once in a
while
wait a minute you need to get that other
guy down there there's some other guy on
there I guess I'm sure 19 huh
jump on it oh my god you need to get a
lot of guys on that if what I think is
going on let's go my god my guess is
there's a big thing here I think that
opens that baby well okay let's go back
over here because there's that elevator
that wasn't powered up here we go here's
the thing let's see what happens if we
go up what if we've been talking about
we've been talking about the the the tip
the the twitch tips about know something
about Pokemon go we started off the
evening talking about Mike and Dave need
wedding dates I got a chance to meet
miss Aubrey Plaza who I've worked with
before she did not remember but that's
okay
have you ever seen Parks and Rec no I
you know I haven't either
Aubrey Plaza is the she's one of the
female leads of Mike and Dave nude
wedding dates
she's the snarky secretary in Parks and
Rec and you know just an actress a young
Hollywood actress and she was nice
enough to come to the Milwaukee premiere
the friends-and-family premiere so I got
to hang out with her for a little bit
and by hang out I mean sit at the same
table and not say anything to her I
talked to her a little bit was where you
came from was that the bottom floor yeah
or the middle floor or the bottom floor
there's three levers all right no I'm
just saying what's up here okay
I open this no l argentino says just
finished watching Bojack horseman and
must say was depressing the ex the
existentialist trip and I loved every
second of it I'm sorry tripe
existentialist tripe or it could be a
trip I haven't even know could have been
an existentialist yeah and I loved every
second of it joke aside loved it thanks
rich for the recommendation you're on
them yeah you were really into that yes
my my cut my cousin Jake directed Mike
and Dave need who needs wedding dates
and Jake is the guy who I used to do
stand-up comedy with I used to make
comedy videos with with Funny or Die he
is my cousin we were in each other's
weddings we've been best friends since I
was born cuz he was born one week before
me so so I of course loved the movie
mostly because we have a unnaturally
similar sense of humor Jake and I and so
I thought it was very funny obviously
I'm incredibly biased but that's okay
I'm probably gonna need a bunch of guys
down here to pull this shit I'm not
gonna speak for Jack but I don't hate
this I think people expect me to hate
this because it's hard oh yeah it's an
acceptable puzzly platformer mm-hmm with
some really creepy ambiance mm-hmm
ambiance ambience
ambient so here we go he was a thing
it's fine whoa-ohh you they can go down
again oh my god there's so many elevator
this campus elevator action it's the
spiritual sequel to all the interaction
there there is a this is that oh that
might fuck me why isn't there a well I
think bitch there is a sequel the
elevator era I don't know if I was ever
released in the u.s. elevator action was
great
oh here's a bunch of guys this is the
this is the biggest puzzle room we have
yet to come across hopefully there's a
way back up fuck ourselves that hasn't
happened yet
i'ma get trapped oh my god this is this
is dumb okay here we go listen sometimes
sometimes you just gotta go rich
sometimes you just gotta go
sometimes it's the wrong choice but you
still just gotta go I have not played
Dustin Elysian tail but if that's the
game I'm thinking of I wouldn't mind
trying it if that's what I'm thinking
everything as an action 2d platformer
okay there's another game called dust
you're like a janitor that runs around
some really hard platforming levels so
there's some dust confusion because
there's two side-scrolling 2d games
called dust something-or-other oh sure
I'm not sure which one they're
referencing but
no who
yeah oh that's not a rope I can grab
the other game is called dustforce okay
okay dust for dust dust dust dust and
more dust what a dust oh oh I get it so
now it's now it's turning into odd world
this is fun weird can you take the
humming off cause you don't want fresh
them in the elevator
my guess is they won't fall off yeah no
good reason they follow every other move
you did because because of game rich
yeah yeah because that's how the puzzle
is solved
get on dickheads
I liked on world I remember I tried
playing it on stream and it turned out
to be a not good stream but I remember
really liking odd world you remember
lots of stupid things Jack that's also
very true I remember a lot of stupid
stupid things
everybody's gonna be in Spiderman lying
flat Len have you got have you seen let
every single day there's a new
announcement for who's gonna be in
spider-man and it's fucking everybody
everybody's in spider-man my guess is I
need to put this here where the hole
drops right sure oh but there's also
this but I can't really climb on it hmm
yeah you know let's just see what
happens if we move it further most tests
and let's test things out
I'm guessing an ends of the track okay
yeah so then then it definitely goes
under the hole right there great great
what's the stream email is it prereq at
red letter media yeah that's our email I
don't know if that's the stream email I
don't know what that means that it that
is our email our stream has its own
email right oh that's right these guys
can lift me up come on shoot me
I know I'm supposed to go down there but
I just wanted to can I open other things
nope
hey oh they moved it can you take off
the helmet not that I know of but I will
hold on I will try alright
wait they they they automatically push
it right they automatically push it push
your back further what do you mean
pull it back further than the hole so
we're kind of moving it with you like
they're gonna push it anyway right I
mean oh sure I get it I don't know if
I'm supposed to go now I just kind of
want to here we go
I also jumped on the other side of it
maybe I wasn't supposed to do that
a no-ho-ho remote that would be great
oh-ho-ho nope I was totally wrong and
now you're sucking shit shit unless you
had to get on the other side of that was
keep going keep going Jackie yeah look
I'm supposed to jump up there I was
supposed to get in it that's a great way
of dying though innit I mean it's nice
to know that you can die it's nice to
know that you can okay listen up
dickheads it's gonna shit together get
our shit together hey why aren't you
jumping I'm jumping yeah there's like a
platform up there that I think I can get
on if I can get on top of this thing
here
come on two kids
also along with a bunch of valium comics
I've been I've been trying really hard
to read none superhero comics yeah it's
something I've been I've been really
working on because I know I've know I've
not read prettier I'm waiting I'm
waiting to get that from you you need to
ask me to bring them in I ask you every
single time they were sitting here the
studio so long I eventually just took
them home
there's nobody was doing anything with
that I I read a really great book called
rat Queens huh
that is a like medieval fantasy setting
and it stars for female mercenaries you
know a major war e'er a dwarf and it's a
really good read really fun book and so
that was a you know technically like
they have powers like same with Archer
and and Armstrong like they have power
is not necessarily a superhero book but
me you know kinda is bringing up why the
last man okay which I've read it mmm
horrible letdown of an ending but
there's some good stuff in there
mmm-hmm oh hello
hello guys on a pole but rat Queens was
a really fun read nope nope nope
hmm
hmm or ehk says I didn't make it further
than volume 2 of why just didn't grab me
I made it further than vol 2 I will say
the like the first issue of why is
pretty fucking amazing
it starts off great why it does not it
just it's like it's like they jump off
of the the vault and there's a terrific
amazing somersault in the air but they
like land and like uh he they just
completely completely fuck up the land
and break their break their nose twist
their ankle
and then the chat also brought up saga
which is written by the same guy but
I've never read it
Karen's friend Carol is a big fan of
Silas I ever I've heard sag I've heard
of why I've heard of transmit trip
Alison I know all those and I am I'm
trying I'm trying to branch out beyond
superhero comics it's a superhero comic
but did you ever try the sandwich dragon
no that's on my list I want to read
Savage Dragon to super nothing we don't
usually stream on Fridays we're doing a
special makeup stream because I wasn't
here on Wednesday and then I was also
not here last week Wednesday I think or
maybe no that was last week Wednesday
and so I was like I've been gone a lot
we thought a makeup stream would be nice
I needed to take a bike ride to find
some Pokemon anyway so rich hey I was
here when you were on vacation that's
true that's true
help each other no it's it's true rich
rich rich has been basically rich has
been holding up the fort and I felt bad
up what do I have to do here make
upstream like those girl YouTube
channels hey did you ever see the one
the one girl I think she streams on
Twitch creative who makes herself up to
look like comic book characters with
makeup I hope it's not like not like
cosplay like she does makeup to make her
look like she actually belongs on a
comic book page yes drawn work of art
yes I don't know her name I've only seen
her gifts but hidden gifts of her yes
I've seen like the end results I've
never watched one of her strange so it's
fucking amazing agreed like her to face
she didn't to face what do we do here
äj-- I got something you don't have yet
huh
is there something you don't have yet
are you here early possibly I could
always go back
I can get close to them but I can't make
the jump you know maybe I'm here too
early I guess whoa I'm reading think you
want spoiler and want a solution from
the chat they think they know I'm
reading someone the suggestion I don't
know if it's a actual spoiler or just no
idea yeah give me a suggestion okay it
was Tiberius Kirk okay let me double
check pray you should be got me where
credit is due
right and then releases the first place
I've read read this
Tiberius Kirk says lifts the jet put the
box under the jet oh nice nice
I did try to put the Box on top of the
jet and that did not work okay I'm ready
I'm ready
nice nice one guys
nice great Thank You Cole good Cole you
are my slaves now

[Part II]
Jack you're winning I am I am winning
all right come on come on you you're all
mine now
hey look it's these other dickheads we
have played salt and sanctuary we have
it's it's a really fun 2d darksouls
Metroid game that is incredibly
incredibly ugly and but the gameplay is
really really fun I had heard rumors
that they want to bring it to the Vita
which would be great it'd be a perfect
handheld but uh ps4 right now I think
it's on it's on Steam as well yeah but
you have to do just asking how you ever
just I mean so on top of it demanding
yeah that's probably some like name Jack
or jerk though Jack the Joey I can
forget these guys have some muscle I'm
gonna add some muscle with me pull them
I'm hoping nope no guess what then oh
push them ye little dime
Oh what are they doing I don't care
they're still human
I don't know look at him well I guess we
all kind of look weird like that we all
look like pasty and formless we do huh
we do well all of us who are in this
world did they find any of the secret
things in the game yet one of them was a
secret that I think the glowy ball that
I took the thing out that's what we got
a machismo part
whoo hello hello
I always thought of these guys as clones
oh sure maybe clones I'm thinking mind
control that's creepier
it's creepier if they're enslaved hmm
sure I guess I can go either way like
this what I like about this is I'm just
dragging his corpse cuz we need the body
count yeah I love it
all right come on dickheads let's catch
you yeah that's great
all right let's see what that box landed
a clone could be enslaved yeah it sure
was creepy it's it's creepier to think
that they were individuals before yes
they were once individuals there's
something that's just kind of taking
over oh they are dead
Oh nope oh I thought I'd have to drag
all their corpses hey guys welcome to
the slave party let's rock I believe
that's all guys 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
well there's three in the room already
or something like that yeah this is one
guy was already out there a couple other
guys standing off the side
yeah maybe I might be one further to the
left I don't know you know I think
that's right hey guys let's double check
let's double check let's go here every
all the dickheads over here
follow me it's not it's so disappointed
they weren't dead it would have been
more comical to drag the body but we've
got to drag someone's body I thought we
got to murder somebody
Oh Oh yep you're right you're right
this thing I couldn't open before all
right lift it up dickheads
hello one mA dick head to the party oh
that's all right
well they throw you yep how do they know
jack because the game tells me how do
they know the game tells them to know
this is rich every game should be doomed
look how long has it been since we did
that episode I'm doomed
what do you mean
how long has it been since we talked
about doing ever since we started
playing it it's not like two months I'm
not gonna have oh sure here I'm still
playing it and I love it
almost there saying you've been
listening to too many Australians
calling everything a dick ending a
dickhead
both cockney I think a dickhead dick ed
did what you set that time okay I might
have oh there we go got him all right
the kids catch me nope all right
whatever I got older dickheads now let's
see what we got here thank you for
sending us dustin illicium trick a tale
we will check it out okay I think I have
enough now I think I have like 16 dudes
with me I think there's two in the room
and there's at least two in the room and
the dead body so we we should have more
than enough to open the door yeah all my
friends are dickheads - I love my life
as a dickhead that's a good that's a
good VCF video they've out the dickheads
it's pretty funny all right now let's
see what happens
the one guy with no pants is my favorite
says those yeah now look at this I got a
dragged the corpse over oh wait oh do I
heard you can I just jump cuz you're
just one away good point okay here we go
and let's see what we win why don't they
just stay there because the game tells
them to you oh and my head fell off
somehow because the game is done with
that part
who is something fun is happening over
here
oh oh oh a sonic boom so what's
happening you need to be in cover I see
that now what I love that you just
splattered when I hit a bird on the
highway while driving 95 miles an hour
it just hit the windshield and did
something that looked a bit like that
fuck are they doing you know this is
part of the world ending rich pics or it
didn't happen oh we were this before I
had met Jack for any one of us had met
Jack it was me Mike J and some other
people hmm in a car on a road trip to
South Dakota for a convention of other
Schmucks who made movies in their free
time and as an 18 hour drive to freaking
South Dakota and it was my turn to drive
it was like 5:00 or 6:00 in the morning
everyone else was asleep except for one
of Jays friends but driving down the
highway going 95 miles an hour there's
nothing in front of me and his flock of
birds food by the car and I guess I
guess they weren't used to cars going 95
miles an hour and one didn't make it
across and and and he just he evaporated
I shouldn't laugh but Here I am
I can't make this it looked like when
Randy Johnson exploded that pigeon with
a fastball a little bit only this is on
a windshield so there was like a thin
layer of goop on the windshield that we
had to stop at a gas station to clean
off
that's great I think I chose poor oh no
I swerved no I didn't because I was
driving I would have I would have taken
evasive measures but my brain calculated
you know I'm going 95 miles an hour I I
don't want to like make this car fucking
flip over when I wanted to drive it a
fucking van if I I was worried that if I
turned I would own fucking wipeouts
absolutely it's driving way too fast I
shouldn't have been but I was don't
swerve at 95 miles per hour yes my many
five miles per hour that's what I was
thinking yes oh no oh okay
no no you see it I can oh you can stop
it I can stop it but it either has to go
or stop so I need to figure out the
timing when it's going to be where I
want it to be
but it was it was a it was a calculated
move was either that bird or everyone in
that car you felt bad about it but I
just had to keep going
slamming on the brakes would have been
bad oh then you probably have to time it
of course that well that's why I needed
the time the first one because I'm sure
that oh oh nice I did it I know what's
up I know what's up
well that's sucked
oh Jesus
oh you know they don't die why don't
they die that's up there in suits
they're probably dead they don't explode
uh-huh cuz they explode cuz they're in
suit oh I see them explode yeah don't we
all
which thought that Air drag would push
the bird away from the windshield no I
was pretty sure the bird was gonna be a
goner look I feel good about it I didn't
feel good about it
I had I had multiple lives in a car that
weren't counting on me
I couldn't just swerve because of the
burn time that should have should have
yep listen I got the first part down
right Shay I thought I could run I
thought I could blindly run my way
through it and wait for it up here
here there's no timing at though you can
tell how far apart they are
oh no but I mean like with the slide
there's no controlling slide once you
start sliding you'll have to time it
like jump a little bit before we think
the brooms had a cock like it yeah
oh so maybe that's what the outside
world is you know we don't know what's
gonna jump Jim Jim Jim
now
Jim
jump
No all right no no it's all right
everything's gonna be fine I would send
a twitch cheer but it's not out of beta
yet yeah you know it's it's one of those
things what we'll see
Oakland
you know if it's far easier for us to
use we'll use it obviously if it's not a
giant pain in the ass for everyone I
also don't think we have a choice for
using I just so you just fucked probably
probably fucked should already probably
we made it that's all that matters yeah
just thinking ahead jack just thinking
ahead alright nothing no I just wanna
see wanna see can have up fucking water
call that one huh you see the rope you
know what's going on
oh no it's a really bad jump at any
point during your run to the ledge why
didn't you stop everything was going
wrong cuz we could all tell cuz it's it
could all tell what's gonna happen when
you see him die nothing yeah it dies a
little bit I'm right yeah it's fine we
rope oh I'm wondering now if you were I
was expecting I was waiting for you
actually like faceplant into the door we
know boom boom red jacket work got the
mad skillz look at this kid boom fucking
hockey now things are getting bright
things are getting bright what's going
on Jack Oh shits going to having a great
underneath you sunshine Oh or down I
just just keep swimming just keep
swimming just keep swimming swimming
swimming okay I know this already I got
this this one first then this one maybe
the other way around this one first nd I
wonder
now
huh I think just need to start a little
bit earlier and anticipation of the
other one coming up right now I'm
missing I'm missing an aspect of this oh
yeah you could just go right up oh you
know what I'm missing even a third
aspect of this I got this I got this I
got this ready yeah I got this this one
then this one get in this one oh oh I
missed it see what I see and that I knew
that was coming
the other ones got to get up on top you
know
we'll see huh we did break our links in
this game once chat kinda lies there you
gotta live there than the other people
ran over and what do they start doing
this sort of shooting him or something
ah he heats one of those things they're
even creepier now that they're not
moving move that actually sends shivers
down my spine I love you know what I
love is like the little details look how
it puts his hand on the glass so now are
you enjoying this so far yeah that's
fine but I'm playing I'm just watching
no no this is fine game fine game do you
want to play I guess is there's a
question no I should have asked like 20
minutes ago
hey no no I think there's a fine game
it's fine game um you know bleep here if
she was gone the next time you get back
Griffin Griffin denied on one how do
oh no she's here she's here
that's creepier than now that were in
the pool with her get some fucking air I
got some air I'm hoping this is there
I'm just testing yeah this is it
all right this is fucked this is fucked
this she's gonna start swimming better
go from there we go
here we go hip flex act like fuck fuck
fuck fuck get the fuck out of here swing
there you go
I'm just gonna swing and swim that's my
plan that fucks if that's this fucking
freaks me now that mermaid lady I know I
just wanted to see if there was in it
like if I could like peek over there cuz
I I bet there's a secret over there
right jump to find it I do not I am more
interested in finishing the game if we
can do so oh I have no idea how close we
even are alright alright I'm just
jumping that ledge makes me think that I
should just fuckin go for it oh yeah
there yeah that's exactly what that was
and I put put pop up up up up up up up
up up up that's so creepy
it's great da mermaid bitty swelling go
slightly left him jumping on another
catwalk right it's much safer over on
that other catwalk won't do it he won't
do it okay call ain't really knows that
someone in the chat is guessing we're
about two-thirds through an hour okay oh
wait do I know you guys the menu you
guys go to the menu and go to load you
can see exactly how far along you are
did I want to do that
what did you do I just went left first
and oh yeah if you hit the button it
goes to the left and comes back Wells
got any reason for that what's to the
left the other platform but it doesn't
even go to the other platform does she
follow it
can I like go fishing for her right now
let's just see what happens nope no
bumps oh I'm so dead yeah I'm so dead
yeah oh god that's awful that's the
worst way to die that's the worst way to
die okay so it goes back to see there's
the end of the of the thing there right
I believe I have to go fishing for her
you need to lure all the way over there
yeah I agree
now don't jump off the chain just climb
all the way down it maybe she'll follow
you if you're near the water
I can always jump back up or not or not
or not to aren't too soon but I think
you got the right idea
okay we
the way she moves is the worst is King
video it really is they they really did
a good job making her the absolute
creepiest congratulations
whomever made this game you got yourself
a creepy lady oh yeah here look I can
just dip my toes in that's that's cute
right there that's cute horror I feel
really good about that tired sad says
hey guys what are your thoughts on the
rumors that the Ghostbusters remake has
a scene addressing sexual sexist
dislikes on YouTube
I think do whatever the fuck they want
that'll just be annoying they can and
will do whatever the fuck they want
that's fine
look movie comes out as bad movie you
say it's bad movie and then you go on
with your life and everyone thinks it's
a bad movie it won't get that much money
and then you'll never hear about it
again mm-hmm that's true rich the the
shady tactics they're going through to
defend the movie the bullshit mmm is
annoying but there's nothing you can do
to change that they're gonna call you a
sexist because you don't think the
movies funny
yep and maybe it will be funny it's
quite possible that it could be funny we
don't know it will almost certainly not
be worth the Ghostbusters remain because
they're remaking movie that is damn
great but whatever whatever right
oh wait did they say we can go in here
and check out on our progress
oh that's how far we are what is oh okay
mmm hey we might be able to what time is
it
that's 9:40 yeah it's depending on how
late we want to go tonight we'll see
we'll see how if I were you man to you
jack is it it's got a bike home catching
pokémon I really am I really want to do
that at 1:00 in the morning I wanna I
want to let everyone know that my it
took me and I took like an hour and a
half to get here because I stopped for
every single Pokemon I I got a special
thing just to mount my phone to my
handlebars so every time I ran across
the Pokemon I could catch a Pokemon
moment on my way over
yeah and I caught I honestly like 2025
Pokemon on my way ever was great and I
plan on doing the same thing on the way
home I know you'll have all the Pokemon
up one night and there'll be no reason
to play the game ever again I know well
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
you're gonna need to go back up yeah
lure her over yep
she's over here right yeah she's over
here
she's already over there so what you
think I need to hit it once then go back
up to open it and then I can close it on
my next run-through she's already on the
other side right that's idea yeah you
gotta hit the buttons fast as you can
and try and get back up there I think
I'm down with that doubt that she just
wants to love you yeah come play with us
thank you I'll come back over here hello
no this does freak me out like that
visual it shit is not doing anything
good for my psyche there's pee in the
water
nice call rich nice call on hitting the
button behind you oh yeah yeah that's
part of it I don't even think of that I
figure there just be another platform
right up here if I should see you you
beat me on that one jack we're teamwork
yeah
well I'm making this so far I'm not
actually playing it but it's fine fine
little game hey hey now that's not nice
that you're in the face you moron
this is weird what she's yeah keeps
dragging me down I'm not dead yet
it's strange dan I think perhaps this is
it now
I don't know this could be a a cutscene
that seemed weird that could be a
cutscene can you move all no say look
this is definitely a cutscene that was a
die on purpose moment
yeah she just hooked me up to something
that was definitely the happiest moment
a naughty dog that naughty dog again is
when you deliberately take away from
gameplay and you diminish your gameplay
for the sake of telling a shitty story
right this is if this isn't a death then
this is kind of a cutscene and that's
fine
this is definitely not a death this is
something new I can't do anything
something stabbed you in the chest I
well I had I had a thing hooked up to me
for a second there
yeah they didn't suddenly remove
gameplay or it was that moment in
Phoenix right when there was a we were
looking for the solution to the puzzle
right and it didn't happen
they didn't let us solve it because they
wanted to do a story thing right okay
now I can breathe underwater
okay okay right they took away they took
away a gameplay element that we were
used to this didn't do that that was
basically a cutscene so we're okay with
that
if Phoenix Wright would have handled
that in a cutscene it would have been
fine but happened like during the trial
it have been reactively trying to solve
it enjoying the puzzle exactly and then
the game solved the puzzle for us
because they wanted to interject story
right again not shitting on the on the
whole of Phoenix right because we had a
lot of fun in there but just that one
for town okay I guess I didn't need to
go left I'm hard programmed to go right
look at these look at these classy ass
VHS is done here they're bigger than he
is I gotta work on their scale maybe
they're not PHS
are you doing go up I guess we go up
I also kind of love it that the fish are
following me that makes me feel very
happy that the fish are following me and
that there are like floating dead people
in the background I want to know why we
got injected well they don't breathe
underwater thing that's all I want to
know why can we breathe underwater
that's a fair question rich I think that
is a fair fair oh here we go here's
something I'll be much happier with this
game if there's a good explanation for
everything that's asking a lot right
yeah it's got a lot that is asking a lot
if it's just the creepy yes without any
good an explanation I'll be a little bit
let down I won't say it's bad but then
I'll be let down sure sure
even even a vague explanation would be
nice something you know this game
doesn't appear to be to really be into
answering questions as Oh bother and I'm
afraid you're right why bring it up now
hey good fear a good explanation for
everything like lost hat
it says no fear no envy everybody hate
to the last evening I called loss when
everyone was gushing about it after like
three episodes I just intuitively they
don't know what that first season is
pretty good I'll tell you what at first
that first episode is some of the
greatest television ever the pilot
episode of lost is some of the greatest
television ever the first issue of why
the last man's one of the issues
every my guess yeah I mean it's kind of
obvious I guess for the premise but just
all the men just die everyone except for
you're good you spit up blood and die
and what's going on and what's what's
the mystery Thomas then you finally get
some vague explanation it's just kind of
like that's what's gonna happen here
what's going on but there's not really
satisfying well it but it's like they
can't go completely the other day and
where it's like all of a sudden like a
spreadsheet comes up with this is
exactly what happened on 20 it isn't
fine with that
you can't you can't do that better than
what we got why oh and why yeah oh and I
don't I didn't read why button you know
you need to explain some of the things
it's especially like the things you made
a big deal about Oh Cisco Brisco says
why the last man more like why the last
issue but um Chum Pam roasted now we're
back to the spotlight game by the way
all right now lunge dunkey says I'm just
saying there's the tip here uh-huh
this is great if you do Pokemon go next
stream you'll have your first time
playing inside followed by your first
time playing outside keep up the good
work that's clever nothing this game's
called inside I really did not get that
I really truly did not get that I
appreciated it and got it for what it's
worth
mostly because I had forgotten that this
game is called inside I will be quite
honest with you I miss em see Lucas here
to M see Lucas says thanks for the
Friday stream fYI if you ever happened
to go back to SNS I recommend the hunter
class you can use guns to parry like in
blood-borne huh and the sword whip is
sort of a trick weapon super fun okay
yeah I you know what I really like to
salt and sanctuary we just got busy with
other stuff I still have it that's kind
of why I'd like I'd almost like a Vita
version is because then it would be a
I'm all done with steam world heist now
so I need a new I need a new bathroom
game tired and sad said what is the what
is what is the one of the most
disappointing movies you've seen that
had a great trailer that got you excited
also will you guys ever consider
watching the director's cut of Batman vs
Superman
I think it's Phantom Menace the teaser
trailer yeah the Phantom Menace was
awesome the actual Phantom Menace yeah
was not awesome sure sure yeah can you
think of anything a little more modern
or did that just kill all hope for you
forever for movies trailer that really
got me hyped in a movie that was bad I
wouldn't say the movie was bad
but I really was excited about guardians
of the galaxy from all the trailers and
really stopping on the movie well I did
not even come close to hating it it's
good but yeah let me down a bit in the
end hmm I really think the ending
sequence in that movie is just awful
it's just the worst
ah not the whole ending sequence just
the finale no pretty much the whole
ending sequence the spaceship baddies
yeah that's fun that's fun and the
Marauders got to help the common folk
okay it ended a week I don't want to I
don't want to invalidate your opinion
I'm just saying it didn't do much for me
oh no no and like I agree that like the
ending ending is one of the weakest
endings I can think of in recent memory
yes but it's like I said the spaceship
battle was fine like a lot of that was
fine but then like the true ending of
the movie was just think oh it's super
friendship happy hug time I hated the
whole plan to crash in the airship
everything that's such a star-lord plan
that makes total sense it needed to be
vaguely clever vaguely clever
yeah ah oh and then and then you add on
to that the power of love and no that's
yeah nope this yeah the water is on the
ceiling crazy things are happening I
fell into a pit I closed the pit
Anonymous's confession I sort of thought
you guys were exaggerating the
nonsensical nature of double downs plot
for someone comic effect sure sure
I watched it last weekend and never
again will I doubt you that's fair it's
incomprehensible
which is such a commotion would you
would you rather are just kind of an
idiot optimist but that would that
really be more entertaining should I
pretend to be an idiot because I don't
know people will like that more so is
that what I should take away from that
how our friendship solves all of your
problems
honestly that was super lame hmm that
was super lame oh I know if you want if
you want me to be non from uh Jeannie
because you're talking about Martha no
I'm assuming you're talking about Batman
vs Superman Martha the Martha moment
didn't bug me it's it should have been
set up better is my problem with it but
if you want to target Batman's hardest
ring mom is the way to do it you just
need to set that up better what my blood
lust has been quench you plant the seeds
of doubt nope
you need another the other slope sorry
trial and error rich trial and error
right there right there I'm getting out
of here
rack it away dad is the way to do it
rather than mom I'll either way either
way I think gets to Batman no no I mean
you know come on what mom's always the
way to go to target the heartstrings
mommy he said you want me I can't close
this that seems weird
it's over here mommy I love you want me
skip to the loo my daddy made out of it
who did as far as what we owe from
tiredness ends last direction she wants
not about the Batman vs Superman we ever
consider watching the director's cut mmm
I don't really care - like I said I'd
I'd go realist on Wikipedia of what's
different out of curiosity I might watch
clips on YouTube but I really don't
think it will fix the movie mm-hmm
so no I'm not really not really into the
idea of just watching the whole movie
again just for some added bits and
pieces right unless you guys do a thing
for it there's no plans - yeah
ha oh my god
how do you know that game oh my god what
have I been doing this whole time I've
been right here you but you have a
mother it doesn't work because it's
murderers Batman to begin with right it
would have worked
like we said ages ago if Superman were
going to be the exception to his rule
because he thought Superman was too
dangerous right then the Martha thing
works where he realizes oh my god this
is this is a person right right but he's
like me but he's already so far off the
edge that it doesn't really matter it's
the same shit he's been doing it's no
different right he's murder man it's me
murder man hit a murder all I can good a
murder your friend and then I'm gonna
have a plan to
yeah what hi jack I'm Jack
not to sound prejudiced that's not
that's no good way to start a prejudiced
sentence but Star Trek and comic books
dump strike me as the go-to
entertainment for people on farms he's
racist against a farm yeah well like you
jack
filthy farm when did next gen come on
you know because I'm not a fan of the
the the late eighties bran through mid
90s next gen yeah it was late 80s yes we
shocked I realized that maybe I didn't
start watching next-gen until a couple
seasons in then same here after we went
off the farm and you know comic books
who doesn't like comic books you know we
when I was really young like we didn't
have a comic shop near us so I never
read the superhero comics they were
mostly like like Archie comics you know
like you get you get some comic books at
the dollar store or whatever I suppose
you've already answered it but the rest
of his question is did you discover
those while on the farm or later in life
when you left ah
uh yeah like that my timing is way off
here like gonna get the bottom one so
you're gonna jump no wait wait wait you
got no no you gotta ignite the top one
then it might get up jump off you can
like the bottom one then climb back up
at ignite top one bottom one lifts up
and then while it's up the second one
lifts up you can't have you denied this
one first you up no you lift them yeah
you lift at the top one so it goes up
and then don't be on it when it's going
up you start the second one in five
ignite it and get off
don't get on big nice Botwin
climb ignite I can't believe that worked
also why can't you believe that worked
that was that was brilliant also this is
the creepiest shit in the world yeah I
kind of love this visual of the
upside-down bodies in the water that
floats and things are making even less
sense now so we're never gonna figure
out what's going on nope just start
preparing yourself mentally right yeah
yeah there's a bright shiny thing that I
should go to no I didn't start like
reading like reading reading comic books
probably until mid high school when who
turned out to be my wife Lisa started
taking me to the comic book store Lisa
really got me into comics way more than
I was on the farm but I had always liked
comics you know so a girl got you into
comics I know yeah oh god no and she was
like the people at the comic book store
when she would first take me there and I
just like oh you know what do you think
I like the x-men maybe check out an
x-men they would just be like who the
fuck are you like they would treat me
like a dickhead because I wanted to read
comics with my girlfriend and they would
treat me like a piece of shit you know
why why you know why cuz you you you you
you grabbed a woman who was way out of
your league
absolutely way out of your league Lisa
I'm Way out of my well I had him
whenever I had hair in high school
everyone at that comic book store wanted
to be her boyfriend probably an
attractive woman who likes comics and
then is you you this guy who doesn't
even read comics this guy doesn't even
read comics
it's really true that's probably it now
they were really mean to me the first
comic book store she took me to they
were so mean to me that actually she
stopped going to that comic book store
yeah really
yeah no and then we found a different
comic book story and they were really
nice and welcoming they never had that
hope before exactly that's probably it
rich you're probably right
and then they showed me some some good
comics no potato know what that means is
I'm not nerd enough right Jack you
what's wrong with the world apparently I
had oh I had glorious hair and he was
exactly like the card in Star Trek
insurrection every photo me know all I
had great hair I had great hair at one
point and as soon as it started thin and
I locked that shit down married Lisa as
fast as I could because I knew it was
going I knew it was going I look men men
in cages hi a titty ho men in cages how
you did hee ho what's your cynicism is
proven correct again always when is
Richard cynicism not correct
look citizen was typically the way to go
sy I swear by it rich is right way more
Jack was fab I know never Fabio but I
definitely like I had some I had a nice
hair and nice hair
dude I'm hiding I'm hiding behind my
crate that's why I needed this crate oh
look there's another little boy with a
scary man there was whether it was a boy
little boy with a scary man before or
during this is the same one or maybe
they have a lot of just scary little
boys with them that could be no loner no
I'm not implying that Lisa would not
love me but you know when is she fell in
love with me
I had glorious hair and I think that hug
and now she can go back to the memory of
that if she ever needs a reminder you
know cry AJ she happens to all of us
rich
oh look there's more than floating water
you guys need to show your senior class
pecs I already have we tweeted that out
once right my high school yearbook
picture
oh yeah rich I already showed his high
school picture I guess I never showed
mine but I guess I could find an old
photo tweet that out one of these times
I am the biggest hack up probably the
iOS and I do not doubt my own hackett
ood you look younger than you did with
her that's only because you've only seen
me with balding hair yeah obviously not
real hair not real how not hair like
this that grates gonna fall good I think
I wanted it to fall because the the
water needs to be above the door you
need to find a way to climb up keep the
door open you need to find a way to get
on the other side yeah can you climb the
ladder I'm assuming you can't jump into
the water and swim over to the door
right because the door only opens when
the water is above the door yeah so you
got to be on the other side oh you know
what I need what well can't you just
jump up now and swim up wait now look
what we need to do
yeah but the doors closed oh that's you
doing the switch oh sorry sorry yes that
yeah that's what you do notice that so
this crate move the crate over to them
all roots of a tall platform and then I
can jump on the crate and jump into the
water sorry I thought I don't know
you're doing the switch I thought the
water was naturally bobbing gotcha
I'm with you I'm with you now what's the
engine once you guys see me with my high
school hair you're just gonna be like
what the fuck
it'd blow my mind
I haven't never seen this I've never
seen you with real hair have you never
still no I don't think so oh man rich I
suppose not I suppose you've never ever
seen me with real hair rich your hair
looks great thank you for a wine
I appreciate it but I see right through
it
apparently we're solving these fast
which is good that's good
we smart we smart and and I would like
to it would be it would be nice for me
to get this through in one stream just
because I don't want anymore that
undertale shit need to finish the game
oh I can I can hold my breath underwater
now
don't go too far down I know I hope I
see it look at that is that is fantastic
rich yeah that is fantastic visuals I
don't even like this these visuals are
so amazing I don't even know if I would
care about the gameplay I'll be honest
with you
the gameplay is okay it's not
groundbreaking you just puzzle-solving
but how much was the game 20 bucks 15
yeah that would have been really nice 15
would have been really nice even at 20
though the puzzles are fun and this
world is amazing this is brilliant I am
just down with these visuals I do need
to be more careful here because there
aren't people here we can't just go back
to the last checkpoint yesterday oh
that's really true
right now
yeah I don't know if it's worth 20 if it
was 15 I'd be a little more I'd be a
little more solid but even at 20 I like
the puzzles and the world is so much fun
this is the kind of creepy shit world
that that you can only do in a in a
video game which what happened to X come
it's still there XCOM still exists that
is true if played hundreds of hours of X
come uh-huh okay I got rich look oh oh
oh oh creepy oh don't kill me
are you slaves oh I have magic slave
power now all right all right
oh these are all the geriatrics - their
hairs all white is that one missing a
head yeah I think that one's missing a
head ah this is fun this is fun that one
is missing I think its head is on its
arm that could be a glitch that could be
a game glitch okay come here and throw
me onto this button I know um they just
finished with the dlc - XCOM - oh yeah
um I was waiting to play to get to the
DLCs out it's all out now I'll get to it
sooner or later I'm not in a rush I'm
still I'm still loving me some doom come
on get me up there
get me if the water girl gave you a
mind-control hat
apparently all right I need more people
oh I know what to do I know do you I'm a
dummy bring the water back down and then
have them throw me when I'm up here and
then I can swim in the water yeah and
then fall down on the button I don't
think she gave me you're all over a jack
you're all I'm so over it oh look at
look at D see that arm we're going by
itself it's just an arm moving all right
come here guys
toss me up super creepy super creepy
brilliantly creepy this is my kind of
creep show right here I love the fact
that there's just water above us look at
that body yeah watch out for the body is
$15 for a game worth about three hours
of puzzle solving and at least one
nightmare I I think even even at 20 I'm
really doing it's really up to you and
what you are willing to pay and what
your finances are like guys just by the
way so here if you're struggling to make
ends meet then no right it's not worth
it of course not but also like here's
here's what I want to stretch here's
what I want to stress I want everyone to
pay attention to this visual okay creepy
slave clone people are about to throw me
up into standing water
now what watch how beautiful this visual
is that's beautiful is it $20 here's
here's something I'm gonna get here's
something I'm going to use to punctuate
the moment that right there was gameplay
that was me solving a puzzle and they
turned to buta they turned puzzle
solving into a beautiful cinematic
experience gameplay visuals world
stories all together
is it worth 20 bucks I don't know
puzzles all seem pretty neat mm-hmm
puzzles are fun but that was a beautiful
shot perfectly incorporated into game
play is it a game jack yeah yeah there
are puzzles I suppose I need to figure
out how to press this button and I
believe I figured it out this is not a
walking simulator right ah so fucking
beautiful
hey guys come and join my slave army
boop de doop doo doo hello skip to the
Lou my darling skip skip skip to the
Lewis get to the loo my darling oh all
my slaves might die okay throw me it's
the simple things in life really isn't
it I need another beer I'll wait to read
this to your back I'm gonna stretch how
do you do the thing with the thing
Hey hey guys I'm gonna check out my
Pokemon real quick Pokemon
oh my god there's a Paris outside there
is a Paris outside right now I might
have to go I might have to go see if I
can catch that Paris
yeah
I caught him oh yeah sorry look look I
got the ferrous I got the parents who
like wick I quickly checked I couldn't
find Jack oh good I went to the restroom
Jack Jack board where'd you go Jack it's
like yeah look it's the real world and
and the the pokemon have like these feet
print underneath it right all these have
three and then as you get closer to some
you go to footprint that one footprint
and I saw hi so I saw the Paris was
there and I don't have a Paris yet and
so I just like all walk outside see if I
get any closer and as soon as I got
outside it went down to two feet I was
like oh I'm getting closer so I just I
had to walk down the street a little and
a cop passed me and I'm sure he knew
exactly what I was doing I'm sure
they've been briefed on the Pokemon go
situation but I caught a Paris I did I
I'll I ran outside and of the street to
go get you real Pokemon are you going to
get more
so that's that's Jack Jack is a a grown
man an adult in fact he has he has
children he has children of his own and
and and Jack this is the one who's going
out into the world pretending he's
catching pokémon that's the thing would
you forget your other Pokemon yeah
that's what's going on
I guess we're playing two games tonight
somebody will be run over by a car while
using this app yes yes it's going to
happen that's like that's like the
brilliance of the of the game is just
like it's it's exactly the real-world
Pokemon experience anyone who's ever
liked the Pokemon games has always
wanted and you know I know we were
taking a break out why I need you to
stretch my legs anyway feel free quick
walk see if I can go quick but I was
only going about five minutes you know
it's couple minutes I'm a bit of a
junkie but I like Pokemon I've always
liked pokemon games i collecting them i
like the monsters and I died I mean I
might be obsessed and maybe that's true
I know somebody founded it body that's
different than than somebody actually
dying while playing Pokemon go yes I
deal with the dead body they found like
what was the cause of death well I don't
know you don't find bodies just lying
around usually there's a fresh one with
like a skeleton
could've been a fresh one or or you know
I mean there's a million on missing
people or unsolved person cuz I'm gonna
have to look this story up when I get
home because I haven't even heard of
Pokemon go until you came in talking
about all the pokemon you've been
finding what what I got a Paris what
does this man talking about kind of
Paris what what is your favorite Pokemon
that you've caught playing Pokemon don't
I just I just hatched one of their there
are three types of eggs that you can get
one is a common egg one is a rare egg
and one is an ultra rare egg and I just
hatched a rare egg and it was a what
kinda died getting obviously ZnO you
find fucking eggs to a poly wha a
poliwag which is really nice right now I
have a shit ton of drowsies which you
know but I do oh I have a
a do i I thought I did doesn't matter I
know there's a server everyone's finding
the same pokey men it's not like you're
a brand ibly placing them around the
Google map I I believe word on the
streets is that everyone can find the
same Pokemon in about the same area but
they do move around but like if you and
I both had the app we could probably
find the same Pokemon in the same area
if we were at the same time yeah okay
now we're back so we can turn that off
and the Game Capture back up right tired
and said yes time heads head I recently
went to a comic book store and mentioned
that Snider's take on Superman came off
selfish the staff just rolled their eyes
and said the classic Superman was too
old-fashioned for today oh you shut the
fuck up that's the second thing to run
down that way where is it the same thing
no I thought I said two things run that
way to have to wait for some oh yeah I
see look there's another one running
that way Oh more of them that's
interesting do I need to wait for a
cutscene no what do you do with these
pokemons what's your filming Oh like I
definitely don't want to go that way
that's where all my clones died think my
clones got me over here yeah so I feel
like I want to be over here you you you
build them up you evolve them you make
them stronger
and eventually I'll get into gym battles
in which there are gyms also you know
located around the map designated
designated gyms the same gym for
everyone everyone has the same gym and
then you want to battle and be at the
top of the gym you want your team to be
on the top of the gym so you want to
keep training your Pokemon so your team
is on top people have to agree to be
pokemon gym or the z app just pick a
place that just picks the place Pokemon
you know and they can't do anything
about it pretty much pretty much
I can't bunch of kids and and apparently
a few grown-ass men playing with your
pokemons loitering
that'd be business I'd be great for
McDonald's Oh like they probably sells
some more food I feel like I guess I
have to go down here but I don't think I
should but I'm going to yep all my
slaves are down here Jim battles with
that what was that what Travolta was
doing was that a reference to the
picture like 2 a.m. with a gym and a gym
with him I don't know any weight I want
a part of the game if you're gonna say
that the individual a part of the game
is not a game than nothing what this
somebody what something somebody was
talking about in the chat with somebody
else
no what sorry first part that was so
yeah let us in on it in any case so I
believe that's the end game
for for Pokemon right now is you know
you build up your gym and then you build
up your Pokemon to fight in your team's
gyms and then you have to you know it's
it's just a constant like can you come
over here yeah okay then it's just a
constant stream of like trying to be the
very best it's not regular mobile phones
oh yeah I mean it's on Android and
iPhones and Nintendo allowed this this
is their first big thing this is the
first big mobile phone thing this is a
huge deal
oh this is weird
yeah and it's free it's a free app there
there are there are things you can buy
in the game if you don't feel like
walking it's kind of thing I figured
they'd sooner die rather than lose
something that wasn't on a Nintendo
hardware no this is their first foray
into you know mobile gaming or their
first big one and it's so far besides
the fact that their servers suck and a
lot of people are having a bad
experience it's going gangbusters well
this is so weird they'd make a killing
on the 3ds no cuz no one has the 3ds
well I guess people have a 3ds but
they're going for everyone and this this
is a big deal for Nintendo they are they
are expanding their user base this is
the thing for like people who don't own
a 3ds but still love Pokemon this will
get them back into that Pokemon itch and
then you know this fall when the new
Pokemon game comes out oh maybe I need
do need a 3ds right sure oh by slaves
Nintendo announced a while ago they're
going into mobile games oh yeah this is
their thing for long time first
aggregate so this is a big deal for for
Nintendo and it's great it's a great
experience so far which if you are Jack
ever read Sandman's the symbol of lies I
think it's just about the best thing to
ever come out of vertigo I've read
Sandman mystery theatre I love it I love
this a man I've never read just Neil
Gaiman have no game Neil Gaiman's
Sandman yeah oh look a new creepy thing
oh oh are you trying to chase me no now
you're just running away - oh well
that's interesting what are we looking
at what can I see these just regular
people no apparently and they don't seem
to be trying to get me what are we
looking at what the hell is going on
that's a little bit this morning but it
is just random maybe already a stuff
it's not like this thing that's actually
going on they thought about I think this
is just whatever is weird
we'll do it if it gets them all and get
higher yeah you'll see in the window but
err no no I can't get over those other
grades well it's art I know I know I'd
love for there to be some sort of
purpose that would be that would be just
super swell if this is a gunshot fade to
black we're gonna be pretty upset yeah
can we give me something I like the
artist to have a clear idea of the
message they're trying to tell give me
something that means something right
it's not like you bring your own
interpretation it's like here's
something I was trying to convey to you
you know like art see everyone's looking
at something over here I'd love to see
what they're all looking at but I'm
gonna guess rich that we're not gonna be
able to see what everyone's looking at
that's my that's my arty-farty guess
Jack Pokemon go that's what I'm trying
yes yeah what we just we were just
talking about Pokemon go it's great
super fun I'm a little obsessed the
other thing I needed to grab was a
charger for my phone because I've I'm
you know I need any juice for the ride
back home so I can catch more pokies
months you just showed up you missed all
of the Pokemon go jam we've done it's
done what so Jack wants to talk about it
again but you missed a lot of it a
customer says I want spoon-feeding
no I just want there to be an actual
thing to be fed and not bullshit we're
making it up this is weird
yeah no they're like I said there's a
difference between an artist bringing
lie between an artist saying like
everyone can interpret their own meaning
and an artist saying I want someone to
feel sad I'm trying to make you or you
know like I'm trying to convey a
Father's love to their child that's the
message I'm trying to bring through it
if you don't get that that's fine but
it's like a lot of times already far T
is them just going bring up your own
meaning bullshit that's what bullshit
that's absolute bullshit
turn senses hey rich what are your
thoughts on the 90s era Dark Horse
Comics like the first series of Batman
vs. predator cuz actually pretty good
I remember the first Batman vs predator
and I remember liking it
I recently reread it yeah yeah alright
alright is what I have to say about
Batman vs predator
yep
I'm just causing shit now
you're just that kind of jerk apparently
I'm just a huge jerk it's cousin all
sorts of shit
I'd love to get that handle I'd love to
get that handle no all right it's all
fine fuck it now just go up then nope oh
yeah I think I need to get that handle
it's another big red handle
come on can I super swim no no I cannot
I can't go up that's weird that I can't
go up right
Oh seriously I don't think that $20
should be the maximum amount of money to
charge for an indie game depends upon
how good the game is it's it's all
relative what did they charge for the
witness fuck man it's it's not the
maximum amount they charge whatever the
fuck they feel like charging something
how many indie games would you say are
worth 20 bucks of how much more there
any that are worth 40
oh I'm sure like FTL FTL is worth a good
chunk I've purchased FTL twice so I have
tails worth a good chunk how much
shouldn't lengths be a factor mmm but
who ever would you ever pay $40 for like
a copy of one of the original Mario
games like Mario World even it oh now
I'm naked and in here rich holy fuck
the binding of issac hey guess what
fuckos you can't do shit I'm gonna
unplug your shit
finding Weiser beautiful I died easily
pay more for that but of course I know
in hindsight I don't know if I want to
touch the minke let's go see what's over
here that is fucked up that is fucked up
rich there was a huge argument about no
man's sky being a $60 game I don't know
if the game is worth that or not but I
think it's unreasonable for a game with
that kind of scope to have a highest
price point but I don't think it's
available yeah if they pull it off I
won't mind paying more for it here's one
of the smartest things anyone has at
home oh I'm in the cube now rich I'm in
here now when the smartest thing anyone
has ever said to me is something is only
worth how much someone else is willing
to pay for it that is ah I don't know
how I feel about this poorly poorly
about it what's the purpose of all this
I mean do I love this or do I love this
can you join me oh oh I wanted to suck
em in but they can they can still like
lift me up and stuff rich this is fucked
man this is so fucked I don't even know
if I care anymore if we get an ending I
wonder if I just get to backtrack
through the whole game now what do you
think backtrack through the whole game
as a blob monster
yeah that's the other way
okay that's a way out wait oh you're
just getting a running start
no I I'm sure I can climb up that I just
want to see if I can go this way now too
you know okay
I just want to destroy everything I can
I can't I go this way too
I get to choose right now oh sure
I don't know what right this just took a
serious turn for greatest game of the
year but what game should have been no
no because then it wouldn't have this
nope well I gotta get on the other side
of it
no they tricky rich they tricky into
thinking it's just an auto just an indie
you know nope
come on blob monster actually this is
kind of hard to control because they
trick into think it's just a cutesy
indie platformer and then you actually
turned into a blob monster this is
amazing
haha yes feed me be like calamari were
you just sucking people in is what this
should be like right just gonna sit on
these people for a minute
don't mind me there we go
you are mine now I marked you
come on get there hey come on suck him
up suck him up
yes
this rammed through the door oh I see oh
I noticed that all the dogs
hey you can't do nothing to me
oh maybe my pieces went back hold on
hold on
dogs get out any of dogs today would be
in heaven right now Jack that's what he
gets for not being here yeah he knows
what the deal is have a piece of wood
who's that and nobody but are not
getting our way
Oh a missing limbs that are now riding
around in the ground oh yeah oh wait we
needed a way for him to I was he to open
the door I guess I gotta here ya go back
over here I'll come over here
yep thank you come here oh yeah it's
fine I'll go through yeah fine I'm
really glad we made it to this part
uptown yeah
Oh almost jack almost that field goal I
don't know if I can make this one
okay you have to go over here no nope
the sad part is you can't tell anybody
about this no no you can't you can't be
like you know yeah once after you get a
little bit through the game you turn
into a horrible monster
that well I guess you're on fire now
they want you to go away probably we're
not no no I know I'm eating it okay
we're gonna need to bring the flaming
crate with us oh you fucked you figured
out the puzzle before it was a puzzle oh
wow that's funny
okay I was just doing that because it
seemed like the thing to do but
apparently it really it really is okay I
need some speed
well you know rich I got mad skills I
got mad skills hey friend can you jump
back up it no I think it well once you
lose a limb it's gone probably into this
thing with the fire symbol on it doo doo
doo doo doo you see all the horrified
people in the background yes of course I
kind of love it
this is this kind of a way to turn the
genre I'm right on its head
what are these people doing no idea
I have no idea you have to fight
Godzilla then right like I feel like
this guy is helping me right which guy
this guy who just hooked me
I just want you to get away from them I
can't its proudly true
nope nope I'm gonna text Jay you are so
sorry
the amount of body horror is right up
your alley
so you look like they're telling me
stuff like this guy in the yellow hat
see look here's what's weird this guy in
the yellow hat is telling me where to
shoot this thing that's weird right
all right I need a good image
no sleeping it yeah I can zoom in or get
closer yeah let me lift up a box that's
more dramatic
I'll get into the light before yeah oh
that looks great that looks great
I have a problem
oh wait
there we go teamwork see look he's
helping me
oh fuck there's a timer
look at this I have to work with the
human and he lights it up for me this is
so fucked up
this is so fucked up he only had to
start it for me twice oh look at this
rich this is a commentary on something
we are not it now looks like we are in
an auditorium filled with people and
they are dangling one of these things
above me look at all the people in here
yeah this is I don't know how well you
guys can see this I'm stream obviously
they want me in this circle that was
obvious so it's a fuck man
I can still move can't go up
it's a tub a vagina vagina that is
incredibly a vagina well I think you
know what to do
oh hold on you got to work the Clinton
that's important
oh my god I hope that's not a thing
that's happening that's important rich
that is a vagina that is just a vagina
look at that
yes I don't know what that is supposed
to be but that is incredibly just a
vagina
hello fishies it's me blob Yulan I can I
go back there and kill everyone I just
like shoved me down a pit because that's
what I want to do I feel like I hear the
game director screaming get it get it
exactly yeah right now that's a lot of
what I'm hearing - are they saying
anything it is meaningless at least it's
a gloriously funny and fucked up
meaningless this could be just a giant
joke because they they did so they did
so well with limbo yeah the studio like
Xbox Microsoft might have put a ton of
pressure on them to make a limbo clone
right make a sequel make a single to
limbo like you know maybe that's what
everyone loves limbo right and so this
could just be like a cosmic joke on
their end to be like okay we'll make a
limbo this is how it ends
huh fuck
I just don't know rich it just could be
them being like fine you want a limbo
clone fuck you here's your limbo clone
oh wait wait no no here's the art here's
the art I can't do anything okay the
little boy is gonna pop up I'm not
touching it what's gonna happen rich you
can't do anything right now I can't do
anything right now
the camera is slowly pulling back we're
on a beach the sun is shining on us the
little boys gonna come back out that's
pretty arty still can't do anything
fuck fuck you game that's bullshit at
least there was some glorious insanity
that was some glorious insanity but that
ending was bullshit bring your own
interpretation the man becomes the
monster the monster becomes the man you
know
boo arts here's what I'm gonna take from
rich the actual question is is that art
parody though I my the what I'm gonna
take from this is this is them saying
fuck you to Microsoft for making them
make a limbo clone okay how about that
let's just all say that that's what this
means yeah I'm gonna we're gonna see if
there's a post credit thing
when when our ends I should know what I
was supposed to get out of it
yes that meant this you know that would
be nice don't you think that would be
nice
small self-discovery years it was about
the the Industrial Age industrialization
of Western society it was about the boy
growing up this is some weird just
happened that's fun weird maybe maybe
it's about adolescence it works it works
as a joke that's what we're gonna call
it me what if it what if it's an analogy
for adolescence and feeling strange in
your own body
how about that as a but as a boy you're
comfortable but then the credits are
over and you do anything now I pressed
it I pressed a monster
so no post-credits sequence right yep
we're back at the beginning we have back
at the beginning boo
this needs a prereq have a soda no no
it's just the same shit we'd be saying
about like the witness or any bullsh is
art puzzles were fine the length was
fine 20 bucks a head now definitely like
let's talk 10:15 and we got yourself an
indie hit secret ending there's a secret
n do who the fuck cares about that
look at the woods see he was just
birthed from mother nature and now he's
finding his foothold as a child but then
when it becomes a teenager he's a he
feels weird in his body right that's the
analogy and this is way more likeable in
the witness yes oh god yeah oh god yeah
this was this is way more likeable than
witness oh no it's fucked up it's fun
and fucked up I'm just not I'm not sure
if they're actually trying to say
anything or not and the blob ship was
funny enough I don't think it matters oh
yeah that was a loser yes just smashing
around and you know what there were
still some puzzles to be solved as the
blob yeah yeah smashing windows as fun
but you know I would have liked a point
I like a point you know that's just me
other people other people in their art
they like it vague that's fine but for
me I kind of like a point give me some
sort of meaning it's a dual
representation in different if you're
trying if it's different if you do that
kind of pointless there and bring your
own interpretation it's it's it's
different if you pretend you're serious
artisan yeah you're important yeah ever
just doing something fucked up for fun
audio atmosphere says but he got outside
so he won but look he started outside
look I won I got outside he started the
game outside in the woods but I think
the point is he got outside and was in
this oh sure but he again starts the
game outside man what the puzzles fun
the puzzles were fun was it fun it was
super fun mucking about as monster and
you know what the atmosphere and the
setting and the visuals top
not yeah yeah what region kind of okay
what we're picking we're nitpicking and
picking at some arty-farty bullshit but
overall solid recommendation solid
recommendation to in side we're mucking
about because of what makes art
enjoyable what makes art yeah yeah yeah
I guess I personally think that the blob
eats the boy and the boy ceases to exist
well the boy becomes a small part of
what is there I would say he's part of
that blob was he's been absorbed but
he's also part of 50 other people OC but
that by the way that doubles down on my
fuck you Microsoft metaphor yeah you can
you can only you can only finish your
project if you become one with the many
join in with Microsoft don't do your own
thing did you stretch it fucking porous
abstraction man well some I suppose you
don't from that would you recommend it
now at the price of 20 you've seen all
the good shit praise it's what it is so
kind of fun I haven't actually played it
but my gut is no here here's what I'll
say to you people who just watched that
no because you know all the fun stuff
yeah if a friend asks if they should
play it tell them yes
mr. gore says the boy is sperm he
impregnates the egg and then he is
birthed oh yeah sure so what yeah I
guess that kind of makes sense
well no but that doesn't make sense
because then he would have to fight
amongst other sperm you know like that's
the sperm analogies the one out of a
million gets there so I guess yeah
whatever thing is to all of you who were
here with us tonight and watched it all
you know all the fun stuff already and
the rest is just puzzles and they were
fairly easy puzzles but if a friend asks
you if they should play it say yes
because everyone deserves that
experience like what you guys
watching this with us you you had an
experience let's pull up you to see the
secret ending brightly the secret ending
there's actually secret ending or if
that's a witness joke but I've seen it
mentioned a number time in side secret
ending should we put this on the victory
no okay I don't wanna get flagged if you
follow along if you want to watch with
us which link are you clicking on we
googled inside secret ending I'm gonna
click click on the first link clicking
on the first link it says warning read
video pause hit pause at the beginning
you review a description first this
inside to go don't watch if you don't
want that spoiled big thanks is Ezz Zack
for figuring out the process the
sequence is up up up up right left left
left
well no this is a joke yeah right
IRA that sounds like a joke but if you
triggered all the orbs for X greater
than you'll find that I'm gonna do this
again I think this is a joke let's find
out go back to the beginning I'm will
say one more start ago okay so I'm gonna
start the video inside alternate secret
ending warning green video description
first now I'm calling shenanigans
I'm calling 100% shenanigans here rich
yeah well I won't find out he's going
through the corn again
oh no there is something here maybe not
shenanigans
maybe not shenanigans
in the cornfield you can go down into a
bunker and then there's like a special
code that you can use to get through a
door is what we're seeing
if he wakes up and there's a camera on
his head I'm gonna be so pissed I wanna
let you guys know this she's gonna be so
fucking pissed a fantastic joke yeah I
guess he's running through a cave he's
running through a cave those arias you
missed the blob stuff he's running
through a cave now you missed all the
stuff we're done we're done
we're watching we're watching inside
alternate secret ending morning read
video description first YouTube via
to see the alternate ending
that's even more bullshit yeah that's
even more bullshit that's just dumb
that's just nothing I don't know how I
feel about this
thes arias the I old the Zayas I want an
R to be there and I'm so sorry every
time I see her name of the Zayas I see
an R there and I don't know why I do
that I'm so sorry he did what rich did
in superhot he unplugged the game and
regained control I guess but what does
it mean it says tiny turnip I guess you
know what here's what the real problem
is is this if this is a game that came
out before YouTube before Let's Plays
before twitch streaming this would have
been amazing this would have been an
amazing cartridge to give to your friend
and you just go hey play this and then
they come to school they come to school
the next day what the fuck was that
right yeah and then you all have a good
laugh about it yeah but now it's just so
easy to see all the fucked up stuff and
there's there's blogs and you know we
play it so anyone who watched us play it
there's no reason to play you guys know
what like the puzzles were not
spectacular yeah they were fun yeah they
were interesting and the world
definitely carried the puzzles through
but the real joy was that balls to the
wall creature that kind of look like
balls ending right why are there clone
zombie people exactly so you know the
this game this game is too late for its
own time this game was was born in the
wrong time period I don't give this all
the review said this game was legit well
it's not terrible no no no I'm not
saying it's bad
this game is legit but you you guys
already saw it and and here's the thing
I can't imagine ever replaying this
right I know all the solutions I know
all the weird shit that's going to
happen it was an interesting experience
you know no you know what
I'm gonna say was a good experience the
blob stuff was great that made it that
made the whole thing so I had a great
time playing it it was a good experience
but I will never touch it again I'm let
down because you had a interesting setup
to the scary world where people seem to
be chasing you and other people were
taken control of the only normal person
that's true that's true
hmm yeah the world is so awesome no
payoff that's true it's understand the
birth metaphor it's not enough for me to
say it's interesting and I don't know I
get it no I get it and I don't know what
how accurate that is but but yeah right
like what are they saying with the birth
metaphor like I've brought up birth
metaphors in Star Trek the motion
pictures but that's it's a rebirth it's
like the crew they're making new movies
again it's like a breathe it makes a
sense they're right right it doesn't
make sense here right what are you
trying to say yeah about rebirth it's
just like old days for Kirk oh that's
why it's a rebirth theme what's going on
sure sure
it's a theme that backs up everything
else that happened sure so if this theme
is rebirth or birth in general yeah yeah
but that has nothing to do with the rest
of the game you hear you know no it's
fine no one by the way fun we had some
fun I still recommend it but not to you
cuz you already saw the ending you guys
should not play this you saw all the
solutions to all the puzzles
you should recommend this to a friend
and then wait until they're done playing
it goes
and then you can have a really fun
conversation about it just because it
was a metaphor doesn't mean it has to be
telling you something specific says mr.
Clark
then it's just masturbation look at this
metaphor I made it's blue hmm
it's a metaphor for things no I I would
have loved a point I would have loved a
point right
I've got upset because I like the creepy
sub early on and I hate I kind of don't
like that went nowhere yeah yeah yeah no
I I I'm agreeing with you I'm just
saying it differently uh yeah the blue
savaged man dances but masturbation is
fun no it's fine masturbation is fun but
gets you nowhere mmm personally
personally I don't say my opinion should
be everybody's opinion no no no we just
tell you what we think but Washington
kid gets sucked into a blob monster and
then going on a rampage through a
factory and crushing Samantha death
mm-hmm and some dogs
no no that's fun but it's like like
there were there were so many things
there at the end like all the people
helping us to the next stage right and
then we get to that big auditorium and
all the people are there watching us and
obviously you know we fall specifically
into that one place then we break out
there was it was almost as if whoever
created this game didn't know what
message they wanted to tell and they
were throwing strong visuals into the
pot it's fine it's fine it's fine
everything's fine we had fun I did I did
have a lot of fun I feel like splitting
hairs all fucking night yeah what else
we're gonna do oh right pull come on go
oh shit yeah we're almost charged up for
77% charged up is that why you wanted to
stream the whole game so your phone
would have time my phone oh c'mon go on
the way home
I am so excited to play pokemons go home
my way home it's gonna take me another
hour to bike home because I'm gonna
catch him Pokemon so many Pokemon let's
take a moment rich this is the point of
our livestream where we take a moment
and thank all the people who subscribe
to us during the stream yeah I wanna I
wanted to say that for anyone who's
watching this on YouTube later because
many people still get very confused as
to why we just were shout random
usernames at the end and numbers the
creature wanted to be free that was the
point of the game but the creature
didn't gone by that point the way hey
and while at the beginning there was
kind of an overall tone of escape
because you were escaping capture an
issue I'm not sure whether or not they
actually wanted that to be funny I'm not
sure hahaha it was they were going for
humor yeah it works but I wasn't sure if
that's what they intended I could only
imagine they knew that was really funny
that was funny
leftover beef cake baked beef cake 20
fucking months in a row and he says 20
fucking months of madness oh yeah yeah
and octo Jay says just wanted to make
sure he showed up beefcake cuz octo Jay
for twenty four fucking months in her
own
Oh
smack has been laid down absolutely
bad Gaber Korean and they say I have
nothing witty to say that's that's fair
the real nut boy blah blah blah no
message here since the real nut boy
Shannon Froy de Jong kilo 2004
oh you think octo Jay showed up beefcake
John kilo comes in here at twenty six
fucking months in a row I just wanted to
show up octo J and everyone else that's
fucking right oh damn John keel own
Durkin and they say not like this
favorite customer thank you for
subscribing so low fifty six seven they
say six months feels like a milestone
but it really isn't thanks and thanks
for the stream you fucks and kick girl V
I believe that's heart Eve like it's a
heart it's a heart emote dish thing but
it you know what I think if it's facing
that way it's a but no that's hard
that's it looks like an ice cream cone
that fell over that's probably the
better way to do a heart
I think heart is the other way you can
you can't turn the three the other way
around
what would you use oh yeah I guess
you're right that's the heart yeah the
greater there the West man arrow and
then the three it's a hard heart I
always see that as a but it's a fuckin
heart I always see that as a but Jack is
wrong
Lord Belmont sixteen months in a row and
he confusingly says
sixteen months Longshanks one seventeen
months in a row
hmm says long shank seventeen months
more FTL crab crab
teen months in a row and he says he or
she liked the pixel guys in the
background but stop trying to make
overlay happen Jack it's not going to
happen
oh I'm getting used to it you know you
know another another point for overlay
what is with the overlay we're less
likely to be flagged for BOTS on YouTube
yeah so we're less likely to have
alright there's a work more more ad
revenue later on YouTube well let's have
a few more strips the overlay all
everyone absolutely on how we feel first
we're gonna we're gonna get you
acclimated to it and then you can make a
an unbiased decision because it's not a
new thing
frosty snooze 23 fucking months in a row
frosty snoozes hello humans my beats
Ezra subscribe for 22 fucking months in
a row accidentally baked poop father
mucker mm jerkwad live washed in
Technicolor 24 fucking monster oh damn
dream signed no fear no Envy 17 months
in a row and they say oh I did love the
oh-ho-ho George Lucas scabbing scarab
and nasty flat thanks guys
you're welcome happy birthday nasty
flawed welcome to the special Friday
stream King Lear King King he's working
better than you oh I get it
King Lear get all three fucking months
in a row and they say Oh
my god I just want to applaud you on
your pronunciation of good tunk tunk
tunk it was if I felt it the dude 1944
18 months in a row the dude says I love
you guys and we love you too the dude
and I am got thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's truly really it's true we've really
do click on the button oh come on come
on all the way home so here like the
important thing about Pokemon that
everyone is similar you have to choose
your team you choose the team color and
the team that you want
