Nov 27, 2016
The 7th Guest
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/107841103
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/107848041
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrFyw1m_r_Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GfygGKddFU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/802972163720495104
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/803046294117842944

[Part I]
us box coz DOSBox rich and I think this
is scummvm I could be wrong
oh is it Oh whatever hey hey look how's
everyone doing it's working
it took rich a good 15 minutes just to
get like this looks normal to you guys
like oh you see the game in the big
screen you see us over here this took a
half an hour there might be some shit
cut off I'm not 100% sure hey you know
that's just gonna have to be the way it
is
yeah well welcome everyone hi we're here
and this is the seventh cast because
people wouldn't share about the 7th
guest since we started this Jim what are
you playing the 7th guest yes how can
man playing the 7th guest today I heard
one of the games here it is this is the
game that people want to play you know
what I love about it already that little
that little skeleton finger going ah ah
don't you do it
Oh so let's start a new game no no yes
no one yes are lies ok ok it doesn't
work I think we got to start a new one
Oh oh my god it's the all-seeing eye
Illuminati confirmed
I never heard of this game but I hate it
now yeah we don't know much about it I
think this is the one that they kept
wanting Jay to play is is there anything
worse than 90s era Phil motion video
is there anything worse to see in a game
uh I mean just older textures in general
it's rough sometimes like you know the
like Laura Crofts face in the original
tomb Raider's like PlayStation era faces
when I tried to make human faces what is
it were the worst this is worse
this is worse all right credits credit
we can't skip it we can't skip it it's
escaped no but yeah this is this is the
atmosphere rich don't you understand
we're getting enter space enter tab
escape escape yeah oh oh did you do that
no you didn't know Oh turn the pages
she was coming home from practice I did
the leg thing like what up he's like
cartoonishly sneaky coming here from
choir practice its et no it's not it's a
baby
there is no option for some subtitles
I'm very sorry for anyone who cannot
hear it there's no options at all we
can't oh you got a doll rich we have to
walk can't we have this whole thing I
can't skip any of this because he had a
dream
this is like the best theater acting
ever they got they got the the Newark
players here its local this is the local
community theater yep so this is this is
this guy's big break to play the thief
this looks like the western or musical
yeah
yeah I'll turn up the game audio a
little bit stock created the puzzle what
just early side everyone wanted his cry
salts happening won't even end the
cutscene rich naughty with it because
people wanted to stop it sort of the
wisest people requested dis mess oh no
it will be a short stream this game is a
disaster it's good luck with the aimless
puzzles gents be well look great this is
puzzle can happen at some point that's
in the stream
I feel like I'm playing uncharted some
of the children don't laugh at that it's
way too obvious I don't know everybody
knew I was gonna say that I'm just
thinking like what if this was the
precursor to uncharted like what if one
of the one of the story writers on the 7
I just went on to found Naughty Dog
wouldn't doubt it
the whole thing is puzzles great I just
can't wait to play one whoo
Xena trope says SGX you this game rules
of a great house a mansion that the
wealthy toy makers to build the strange
house constant scale he's standing in
front of this pixels
oh wait rich this looks game
we very much appreciate it says hey guys
I think I know a VR experience you'd
actually enjoy have you heard of zero
latency the company not the competing
concept they're putting a location at
the Wisconsin Dells Kalahari soon oh
cool face turned into a skull hosting Oh
I'm not sure we should
why because it's a spooky old house
don't worry dear
I'll watch out for you
I speak for the back of the theater too
little to the cheap seats speak to the
cheap seats
Lal it smells horrible to what stop be
doing here how our clone 277 has a
suggestion to right-click
nope then right-click should skip
cutscenes and nope okay wait wait this
could begin this could begin hey guys
he's speaking of Uncharted says this
time is lupus no I was watching a
WatchMojo top ten videos about
PlayStation games and it said that the
best PlayStation game ever was Uncharted
4 first niggas everyone sucks that games
dick the best PlayStation 4 game is
blood-borne in fact it's the only reason
to own a ps4 the only reason yeah so
wait right yeah read the read tips sure
hey Jack this $3.00 is for you to ignore
this terrible game and instead talk
about Swiss Army Man for a minute or two
have you seen so sorry man you know you
really really should I won't I know but
I know enough about it I won't go into
too much spoiler territory everyone
knows like it's Daniel Radcliffe and
he's the farting corpse and I can tell
you that I didn't I
I kept thinking it was a movie that I
kept thinking that I knew what it was
going to be and it never rested on my
expectations it always subverted my
expectations and I know indie movies and
so I kept on being like oh this is gonna
be the point where this turns into a
real indie movie and it never did and
it's brilliant and lucky to go over
there and he's like that's that's fun
it's funny it's heartfelt it is
laugh-out-loud funny and here is the
thing you will be hooked within the
first five minutes I guarantee you I
guarantee everyone watching you will be
hooked in the first five minutes one at
one of the best movies I've seen this
year hands down hands down is a swiss
army man so what i'm gonna do in this
mansion well let's look around what's
the oh i guess what's over there is over
here alright
all right a bit can we get that vase
what's that when we have Parkinsons we
play a character who has Parkinson's you
know what if what if happy or sad all
right
so sorry man movie absolutely articles
Rex like it's I convinced my wife to
watch it because she you know she's seen
all the Harry Potter movies and she's
okay with indie movies in general but I
was like hey Daniel Radcliffe's in him
he and it plays a farting corpse and she
she just goes okay and both of us were
bawling with laughter first we're sorry
man farting corpse for its it's way
beyond farting corpse rich for a farting
I get it there's gonna be some weird
shit happening oh it's great it's
beautiful and everyone should go see so
something everyone should go see I have
not seen fantastic beasts yet to juic
came to us we don't really care I don't
give a shit at all but my wife saw a
fantastic beasts and was
come to my house is that on the
arrangement is simple you are to spend
the night as my guest and in exchange I
will give you your heart's most secret
desire
August at like 16
specialist your services empower
guest you must wonder what that service
is
the puzzle I've set for you
this is all I can tell you mr. Burton in
the morning
okay so we got to do a thing we don't
know what that thing is
okay her impression and she liked all
the Harry Potter stuff her impression of
fantastic beasts by the way was mad yeah
yeah she says he didn't love it and like
I just I've seen the movies all the
Harry Potter movies but like I'm not
that into the universal I have no plans
I'm watching I got to the point where in
the first movie the fact that his
parents loved him defeated the bad guy
and I never thought about Harry Potter
since I suppose it's fair and then
Dumbledore gives them the points because
of love Mike Gryffindor gets the point
it's because of love what that's not how
points are work
those part oh yeah another game now that
we turned up the desktop audio you're
gonna hear all those parts I hear good
things about horns is the other day on
the Radcliffe from viewer plays a little
devil demon yeah he's a new movie where
he's a lot supremacist and he's getting
all over the place that damn you're
right but oh I guess our host wants us
to fend for ourselves at least he left
his regrets I'll show you mine if you
show me yours
oh it says that we're each to have a
piece exactly the same including the
symbols what that's impossible Hey what
oh oh oh what does that mean that's a
puzzle
ah become a gravedigger now have we you
are a glutton for punishment
two skulls or two stones the rest is
just icing two skulls and two stones the
rest is just icing
some cannot be created more equal than
others
what
yes I can't touch the back of the cake
two skulls to stones rich that's what I
got oh whoa you reset it I did or you
left
what's the puzzle what's this game about
were that we're guests and okay wait
wait wait hold on I take a look here
blue eye or inner greenish gold eyebrow
it's a brown brown eye blue eye I bet
there are choose tone twinkles into
stones the rest is just icing I bet
there are two skulls and two stones that
are facing the same direction so all the
stones are in slightly different shapes
you know urn slightly different like
angles maybe is that the puzzle
all right
what you do I don't know I clicked on on
the ones that would let me click on it
and I I guess that's enough
oh you get one piece for every skull
stone next to the skull stone oh okay
okay the fart sounds come from when
people subscribe to us so two skulls two
stone anything I get it and a piece of
frosting and you need to make the whole
cake disappear yeah okay yeah yeah got
it I got it guys we can do this we can
do this we're already fucked but well
you can restart that's fine that's fine
okay hey anonymous says can you take a
shot at pronouncing this my friend bet
you couldn't I'm not gonna do that
anonymous because I don't know if that's
just me saying something weird in a
different language I see it
if you're afraid okay ah you know what
if it was from like a person with a name
yeah you know like maybe a subscriber I
knew then I might be yeah well they all
have names
- that's anonymous okay so that makes me
think that it's something that they want
me to say to mess with me so I'm not
going to do that anonymous Jiminy
Cricket prick bastard so as coastal
people are being assholes do we have to
show empathy for the concerns of the
Midwestern well oh so you folks what's
on your mind
ah you know right now we're just trying
to figure out puzzles seven guests style
what was that we have a show you don't
want to you know you know where that's
gone actually don't oh it's it's a
political thing okay
Marat gilma says hello from Norway hi
more at Yilmaz and anonymous says hey
guys after 24 years I got Robert Reed
Annie B David and finally Florence
Henderson for the win in Brady Bunch
deathmatch tic-tac-toe Brady Bunch
deathmatch to Florence Henderson passed
away recently I did not know that
Happy Holidays to you folks happy
Holidays to you
anonymous Happy Thanksgiving everyone
hopefully everyone had a lovely
Thanksgiving I had a lovely Thanksgiving
I made steaks I don't know if I told
everyone beforehand
but that was my plan my plan was to make
steaks and it went great it was
beautiful
we grilled grilled some steaks mashed
potatoes I'm glad it worked out for you
yeah my Thanksgiving and Brussels
sprouts and bacon boom you did it we did
it oh we can do it again how do we get a
little congratulations
don't worry I won't fight
Edouard
we could help each other out I could
help you
and you could help me come and talk in
my bedroom upstairs please my surprise
boom scream I don't know why did they
scream great steaks I had a I had a
ribeye and I made I made tenderloins for
everyone else because that's a nice a
nice easy thing here that everyone likes
Brussels sprouts and bacon mashed
potatoes come to my room up staff upp
and says man this game scared the shit
out of me as a kid there's everything in
here then it's just the cake room I will
you solve to the cake puzzle
congratulations
we solved the cake puzzle and - we know
that two people are gonna be up in a
bedroom upstairs yeah so we've learned a
little information is there anything to
the left of the dining room table which
is turning around go straight to the
dining room table I don't remember
yeah does all right wait no can you look
at what's in that desk for the painting
great alright two ghosts
it's called spectra philia and everyone
and everybody doesn't open up I hit the
wrong button it happens it happens Jack
it happens rich what does your shirt say
it says Trek yourself before you wreck
yourself
and Jack where does plain black fit on
your t-shirt spreadsheet yeah I got a
couple I got a couple non graphic
t-shirt tees I did I wore I wore a black
shirt and a plaid for our last review
and so that you know that'll get entered
in the spreadsheet it's been playing
black playing black under green and blue
plaid playing black pea under green and
blue plaid is what I'll put on my
t-shirt spreadsheet that's what I'll put
I guess manacle twice to go through that
door for no particularly good reason
Oh
yes this is it no it isn't
we help a favor actual shelves there I
steal we get it she's arranging the
things we get it
stabbed three years that's great yeah I
don't know when they'll get mail but if
you have if you send shirts that's great
that's great welcome welcome to the
stream we like shirts everybody likes
shirts
sorry Chen says hey did you hear about
Pokemon star the yellow to Sun and Moon
coming out on the switch I'm pretty
curious about it also what's your
progress in Moon can probably trade soon
you must figure out what I want and mind
you the others are all working at the
same task
if it just you know what if it didn't
look so much like garbage I might be
into it but that's interesting I did not
hear that that they are going to have a
Pokemon star specifically for the switch
oh look at that
like time to get that brain out
Wars before this night is done he said
here's some food for thought something
something your mind will be gorged
before the night is done
Aaron oh there's more of these cans
let's do
this can't possibly spell anything could
it
these are the only ones with one letter
each way knows why we're here
so that's weird no just three of these
ours there's three hours there's three
L's there's three three slots up I don't
think you can do this I don't think you
can do this rich can cuz their cans and
chat we will we will not be looking at
chat while we work at the puzzles I want
know what you know because even though
you guys might be trying to help we
don't want you to spoil it for us you're
spoiling
no spoiling but anyway a Pokemon star
for the switch makes perfect sense they
need they need the IPS for for the
switch and ain't no better way to sell a
system than putting a Pokemon on it so
great that'll be great
I have made no progress as far as
Pokemon moon is concerned I haven't been
playing at all but oh I did get yeah we
can try it definitely but uh I have made
no progress in Moon ceragem because I've
been editing when I hear the hint
you're not gonna say it again are you
just some miss shit we're gonna have to
do a bunch of like cryptic shit I was
fine it was all gonna be shit like the
cake puzzle yeah well my god this is
gonna be some cryptic mission no my
guess is if you like the cake puzzle if
you stare at the cans long enough you
will come up with a solution that's what
my guess is
all right what is I can't get that lady
back the same thing a great
a game child UK says I bought Firewatch
which is gone back in Oh guys sapphire
wash about Firewatch and beets in one
session yes it's a walking simulator was
really engaged in kept me on edge and
was creepy
didn't like the resolution there was
expecting something weird are still
great I obviously I agree which does not
I agree I thought it was a nicely pace
of store these cans
all right
I don't think you can do this keep
switcher sephorus if he says anything
else yeah
he says fuck you jackass
anonymous says I mic a gamer
what do you mic a gamer out of no I
think they're trying to say they're an
audio professional and they place
microphones in front of gamers and that
way people can hear them good job
anonymous thank you all the hand sauce
is hey guys do either of you have any
favorite Christmas albums that you enjoy
listening to this time of year for me it
doesn't feel like Christmas until I've
heard mojo Nixon's horny holidays
you know around December 1st I'm a
purist as far as Christmas stuff is
concerned tonight usually I don't start
doing Christmas stuff until December so
around December 1st I'll put on the
Christmas music station listen to some
Christmas tunes I think it to meet I
should not go out of my way to listen to
Christmas music I don't have a favorite
Christmas album yeah what do you feel
about Christmas enough fond of lost
straitjackets Christmas album I think
I'm much in that last room okay it's not
very traditional but oh yeah no you know
I enjoy stuff like like what is it that
what do they call with like the
orchestra the trans-siberian Orchestra
you know like with the big with the full
orchestra and rock guitars and drums
mm-hmm that's so we can't really spell
anything there aren't any vowels why but
could you spell anything if you replaced
all the vowels with why
I listen I'm I'm reaching here rich but
but yeah I mean in general I like the
holiday music stuff or is the wise
supposed to be like
don't seem to be giving us any hint
there like they gave us with the cake he
said that one thing to tie dinner
can you spell one word no okay there are
no vowels oh sure but even like a mire
what is this supposed to be like an H
still I could put them in alphabetical
order right it's right clicking do
anything
age fuckin right here TC Brady one thing
thirty says hey you fuckers would you
two stop working for our Ellen if you
had a billion dollars we probably still
be doing this shit our alums hanging out
with friends
so yeah honestly yeah honestly if we had
a billion dollars we might do this more
have you done an inventory of your VHS
DVD collections as Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard now you guys have a spreadsheet
like what they are we thought about it
once is just too fun there's a lot of
yeah there's a as I look around here as
you guys can see some of them there's so
many of them that would probably
wouldn't be a terrible idea though to do
just like a spreadsheet of all DVDs and
VHS I'm not doing it I'm just not doing
it
oh no that's fair that's fair but you
know like to have that kind of list
available especially if someone is
thinking about them if someone is
thinking about like gifting something
yeah like oh no I see they already have
that I'm thinking about gifting
something it's not in their spreadsheets
I'll gift it to any any doubles are just
going on the tape wall for the best of
the worst oh sure
at me I like
so okay tails going backwards from 11:00
that for four moons yeah and that means
something to happy to angry sure
oh it's happy to angry we're like look
there's two different moons there's like
a happy moon that one and then like
there's a pink Liang
happy so that was five minutes Hugh I'm
came you need an SQL database not a
spreadsheet I don't know what a mess QL
databases Chad I'm sorry
hopefully if that's something that's
like a database that could we have my
job that could be updated in Windansea
to find a place to start
it's hard to find a place to finish
it's easy to find a place to start which
way should I go
it's hard to find a place to finish
I wonder if you will get the point of
this
why is this even a family
oh there's a second the points of this
star are missing something
but spiders I guess I don't fucking know
what's going on
there's something missing the star seems
to have lost its sparkle
what that's not it
oh that wasn't it why wasn't that it
up your butt ah but say looks like it
wants to go you know just along these
lines yeah this one does you can but now
you get to choose we're gonna explain
get the point of this
I don't think I get the point of this
all right which way should I go
uh-huh
till left that would this one be
the points of this star I'll be seeing
some okay so now click on the one below
that spider
I don't we messed up there's something
missing what do you what do we have to
do summer seems to have lost its now
click on the one below that spider
that's not it that's it okay I know what
we have to do we have to make a star so
if you top the next two and then the
bottom outer two not the bottom one
right so like I stopped top that one
this one that one which way should I go
now hold on wait wait this isn't gonna
look like a traditional star well so the
ones you want the spiders on are that
one the top one the next one skip that
one you want to spider on skip well I'm
just telling we messed up already I'll
let you know that we've messed up
already
I wonder if you will get the point of
this I don't
the points of this star are missing
something
oh there's something missing I must
never immerse in between those see if
that does it yeah I don't think this is
it
that's not it yeah why isn't that it
okay
so here's what you do right played it
when playing it here here here and here
wailing all right you tell you I think I
have once so when you when you when
you're click when you click on the first
spider does it move I mean remember now
okay let's see if I can do this okay
which way should I know okay we want you
to go
right
I wonder if you will get the point of
this totally do
which way should I go now they're gonna
go right
the points of this star I'm missing
something to start at the bottom and
then go to the one at the top right is
that what you intend
we don't want should I go
there's something missing the star seems
to have lost its sparkle
damn si boy
I don't even know for sure what you're
trying to do what are you trying to do
where do you want the spiders I want the
spider here here here here and here so
click on there wait not in there click
on the bottom one can you click on the
bottom one yeah then move them up to the
top well he automatically moves up to
the top now and then I want to get him
here so I need to click on this no you
click on the one to the right there's
another one no no but he automatically
goes to the right now following you dig
it
Oh or is the puzzle is the puzzle just
getting a spider on everyone oh thank
you at what point do you cancel but what
ends it right what a spider can't go
which way should I go now we're working
with our minds that they hit the point
of this I don't
which way should I go
was the last one you read the
billion-dollar one yeah look up Jiminy
Cricket the prick bastard says have you
done an invis over that we really would
11731 says Jesus Christ they weren't
kidding this no man's sky update looks
freakin on man wait a minute the 7th
guest sorry false alarm
oh I'll Jack my Packard cute dude I
approve something missing miss star
seems to have lost its escape seems to
have lost its fun
Essen 1984 is's hey it's SSR from
Chicago watch all of your YouTube videos
but can't usually launch your live
streams because of work here are some
money for being awesome have a great
stream Jack and rich yo mouth says this
max landis coming back for best of the
worst maybe someday
that's not
which way should I go now maybe someday
Oh cuz they just went into that get the
point effects I saw that for the first
time today and I came in I laughed
hysterically did they make that wasn't
me I don't know if I'm I don't know if
someone made it or what I know no they
didn't send it cuz I didn't get it in
the mail
okay so then J or Mike must have made
that just like just fuck shades and guy
goes it's right it's very funny I'm
gonna get this rich I believe in me I
believe in the power of me which way
should I go
the coast tells us nine nine nine says
really loved the streamer it's fun
stuffed listen to it ghost host nine and
says really load the stream some stuff
listen to while I work on my latest hack
screenplay
now you chicken big buttocks says do you
mic or J have any plans for a rlm themed
cruise no shockingly we're not we're not
big into cruising miss star seems to
have the mostest
novices polo games are cancer on stream
all of us just screaming at you while
you can't interact at all horrible
fucking idea paid two bucks to tell you
shouldn't have had two morons spelled
mor ans morons you Joe what are you a
bunch of a bunch of creepos your Maroons
I honestly didn't know what this game
was people have asked us to play it I'm
applying it I heard it oh my god and I
see oh wait there is madam says rich I
played Firewatch recently too yep
luckily I played for less than two hours
so I could get a street a steam refund
also seventh guest
we're like seventh guests at this puzzle
since they have no rhyme or reason I'm
going to have to start again Oh is there
like a clue somewhere in the game or is
this just infamously I think well it's
it's a logic puzzle it's I don't think
there needs to be a clue you just need
to it's it's like one of those um like
trap mazes things where you have to like
just slide them in the right directions
and feel what are you trying to do I
believe you're trying to get a spider on
every peg you're assuming that a problem
which one should i yes
like what are the rules what are the
established rules start on one and it
moves the other I wonder if you write
and if you have two options that asks
you which one you want to go to and if
you don't it just goes to the other yeah
just what is so I'm gonna go so what
happens when you just follow all of the
pre-established which way should I go
now what I mean
the points of this like what happens if
you just tracing like you're making a
Star of David so they start here
send a spider here yeah but then you
can't you know start a spider from you
oh okay okay so what I'm gonna try to do
now is just collect connect to the point
so it's like you know we'll do one here
which we shouldn't go and we'll send it
to this one well no matter what there's
gonna have to be one left open right
thing missing missing I know but I've
never gotten through where I've had just
one the left alright I don't think we
ever want like think three together I
think we want to avoid that which way
should I go
back to those two and then I'll take one
here and put it here actually should I
go
here
take one here
uh-huh
which one should I go
here
so now I have two left doesn't matter
which way it needs to point and just
just do it fucking I don't know I don't
know I don't know shit
okay so this is it no oh I did it
I did it yay great Oh what happens if
you click on the door now what is it but
oh oh return only one in return
oh yeah maybe wait well II didn't want
to restart Jesus Christ well no I'm just
trying to figure out where the so Jack
can do the puzzle after he got the point
wait how do I know which this thing is
on
I don't know I'm assuming that's the
circle on the pyramid it's very poorly
designed all right great I did it
let's go upstairs uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh so
spoopy I thought spoopy this poopy wean
was over now it's it's just started we
did it rich it's the frighteners punch
it in the face and it's got a face punch
it between the hands so assuming that's
where the phrase might be on the other
side of that painting brother
that didn't get it rich I did too
we got we got the little thing and that
means I've won that puzzle you jerk I
figured it out oh that that old wizard
is chasing a little boy I wonder what
that could mean let's look over here see
where they were running mo bolt says
Sylvia here Sylvia and I have been
watching the stream together oh yeah
Sylvia and I have been watching the
stream together for months but tonight
is our last one Oh Sylvia it's been
great good luck in Arizona Arizona so
yeah you'll be very hot
this is Arizona's fucking comically hot
yep does in Arizona ones they're having
a heat wave there's a hundred and
fucking twenty that's gross yes it was
gross
that's super gross turtle elias's
aimless you morons
what's aimless a game maybe sure Oh get
that brain of Robin
skipping fries and skipping bags
perhaps that's outward
these were detail that you won't we
stripping skipping the threes and
skipping fives is how the answer arrives
yeah so T to the I'll see what happens
of T sing along and see what I can click
on
well there's always point at the bottom
oh well here we go oh Jesus that's me
right on there okay there are you gars
in space but no spaces are allowed here
hm
what did stuff mean by threes and fives
so one two three four five so we want
three wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait
so it's gonna be okay
sure go for it yeah I don't think so oh
you won't the lost art of pixel hunting
that's exactly what we're doing
hey Leon yeah okay so we know it's T
there are stars we don't know but it
could be absorbed stop mean by three
easy five and then we can try the star
yep nope
okay so one puzzle where we couldn't get
him to repeat the thing and then we have
the one pose over and we don't we want
him to stop repeating the fan yeah by
the way in this you point with your
wrist it's fine it's fine just click on
the e oh my god nope so it's th I must
have missed quick to that use your ad
mil mez says hey Jack I was about to go
to bed sing me lullabies were detail but
you won't
we go is it about me the bruises he's
actually going to there are stars in
this space but no spaces are allowed
here
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says I have
an idea for the most depressing game
expansion ever Sims for realism bones
dumb brainstorm out loud guys no bad
ideas here yeah
we're selling shitty puzzles because the
7th guest wants Sims reality moaning
it's up T
it's not pity ish thanks to me the tea
but it's not the H but if it's not the H
it's a it's a black dot and they try to
eat the fails right away
so the II felt fell right away he feels
right away like watch fail I don't fuck
this series and what else can you click
on the start shut up you won't win or e
and I think that's all we can click on
now is tre all right Scott VT there are
stars in space but no spaces are allowed
here and then we can click on either so
80 1 2 3 and we can't click on this yeah
so it's a gotta be H gotta be H
what did stop by threes
can you go backwards Oh red you did it
fucking super genius Jack can't just
step anywhere
1 2 3 4 5 No
one two three this is a space stars or
spaces one two three four five one two
three four five
the S what's the other way okay okay
okay you make sense the sky
the sky one two three four is five the
sky is nice go back to that Stark
this guy is ready
look worst-case scenario we got to go
back and respawn the sky is yeah this
guy's okay so then one two three four
yeah I guess it has to be yep could be
our but probably not this guy is rub
really you know ruddy or the skies and
Radu ready three four five W star
ruddy it has to be the wine
you yank it can't get to you there's the
other right that's a no yeah you started
there it's three back to oh you said you
know yo I thought you wanted me to get
to this you know no go back to the ARP
you're
all right so oh so that's the space
which was after the are so was it I
think it's got to be the it's either B
or F your but it's gonna that's got to
be the start
I already click the star if you see the
last ones are hidden from us so now we
have an F or a B the sky is ruddy or
what word would start with your and
heavy v letter P an F or a B no we're on
a new word or our new thing we run a new
word so like do you see the last solve
it all the ones down there are covered
so I already clicked this cut the star
your star right answer it for five so I
guess I'm 50/50 which is dumb well let's
see what what words can we spell here if
we click F one two three five
is that it yeah that's he I don't think
it's the F just if you go to F yeah 1 2
3 F a fan now could be can be FA
it's gonna be F back okay so if it's a
and then we go 1 2 3 4 5 then it's got
to be f 8t + 1 2 3 battle that fate the
sky the sky is running your your
something I don't I don't know
I'll try it hey f worked 1 2 3 is a 4/5
is L look like here
ready your I got nothing
our options are what a or L
there's a RL and it looks like if we if
we keep going down and we get an o1 and
oh okay so if we choose L then we go one
two three which is a B that does nothing
one two three which is a T which does
nothing for five which is an O flow one
flaw or two O's flood go for it I knew
it I was gonna happen I knew it I knew
it I knew it
the sky is ruddy you're flawed space but
no spaces are
what did staph mean by threes and fives
we already figured that out
jerk
and someone look up what a ruddy means I
just know it's a word it's all I know
okay someone tell us what ruddy means
look up the definition of ruddy you're
yeah
I know it's
oh yeah so FA oh look it's over here
okay
so a is it the star it's not gonna be
the star but I'll see if the other
possible one I'm not far left this way
yeah okay so it's this star or T so it's
got to be T yeah you fate fate
a star
the sky is ruddy your fates right oh oh
wait someone's telling us what ready
means what is what a fate having a red
color I go over this definitely oh I am
back to the s your fate is blood bloody
aah
the sky is ready your fate is bloody
don't think you'll be so lucky next time
boom see that was that's why it's
important to know what a ruddy means
yeah the sky is ready Oh
not if you and I work together
she's a whore
we can win
you're gonna get what you want oh yeah
so I tried to get
I know where the puzzles are to be
solved this is horrible I kind of love
it I kind of love how horrible is that
bad
I will give you what you wanted okay
so he's never gonna wear World Series
what whoo all right what else is there
click on the bed
what else is nervous I just oh there's
not for children oh there's Mary Phil's
rich not for just oh can we
unclick can we unclick the solution to
the puzzle in the Kansas y GB you gotta
listen to the whole thing terrible ok
there's nothing else we can click on
over here so let's turn around
all right that's the puzzle in that room
we did it hey I'm not old enough for
this Hey look another dog sits over here
Oh
more ghosts fucking oh it's so beautiful
and oh it's a maze I remember doing
something like this when I was a little
girl you have to follow it all the way
to the center don't know mazes Oh what
is that click on that face first oh it's
so beautiful
it's the maze it's another hint maybe we
could hold hands too it's amazing we
didn't find it I remember doing
something like this when I was a little
girl you have to follow it all the way
to the center yeah we get it we get it
pink lady pants whoa oh god I do love
that throbbing brain
what what happened to the maze most
loved surprise
Bishop's so they only move to the side
it's just twin
looking for you
I'll move on to yours and move one of
theirs give us a hint of what you want
us to do I swear I Trey
so you can't move white no no no all
right let's just try to win oh wait you
can so the only move one spot when you
click on them oh god I hate this what
are we trying to do what are we trying
to do this is important what we are
trying to do mean something
yes
what are the middle ones go so they all
want to go in the center yeah and this
one doesn't want to go because that the
centers block move him move him back not
hang on but that one barrel was okay and
then the one that's in the DEP he's on a
leash she might go which way that's what
he's saying she but I can't choose any
of these I can only choose here why are
you asking me which way you can only go
one place oh oh oh wait one of the rules
which way should I go now here's what I
think
what I think that option
the object is to swap their sides yes I
agree
which way should I go now what else can
you get wait
can you move him so way should I go
maybe it's maybe you can't move one
twice in a row okay that's the
assumption I'm running on sure can you
move the the black one that's up there
into the background way should I go now
no why not why can't we do that maybe
which way should I go doesn't like to be
next to someone which way should I go
now I can't you move here can they not
move when there's an adjacent piece
which way should I go now what are the
rules of your game understanding the
rules of the game would be important but
I feel like that's part of the game
right which was not terribly fun
which way should I go now up your bud
hey I got one which we think or assuming
that's what we're supposed to do even
right
which way should I go
nope
No
which way should I go now which Larry
Chen says at first I was amused by this
game in quotes now I'm having an
aneurysm if you want real puzzles the
Layton's are on their way slowly but
surely
hello boxes you guys twerking nude would
be more entertaining than this
frustrating rubbish please play
something else also have you guys seen
hacksaw Ridge yet
I've not
it only lets you all the way back he's
ever gonna do I think I figured it out
no no I thought I figured it out rich as
it turns out I did not I think if I stab
yourself in the eyes the rules have to
make sense for a game
no Chad I do not need any fanny packs
such a chat question come on
get again can't real
which way should I go
see rich what we have to do is set up
some blockers but for yours occasionally
have been people saying what are you
playing the seven Gus play the seven
guests yeah so this is what we're doing
well this is what we're doing then I
never have to hear about the seventh
guest ever again
yeah you can't move a piece to a spot
where it could be taken
so if white could get your piece you
can't move it there yeah but see look oh
oh
which way should I go now yep I already
have to start again
you know we haven't we have a black and
black problem where it's like this black
we can go here no but like he also won't
go this way oh because I'll be taken if
yeah if you're you're tired of it I'll
give it a shot so I can't move him here
so you will move right here which way
should I go now all the way
but they can't move here because they'll
be taken so you need to go hit can't
alright we'll work this out we'll work
this out you need
well second yeah what's that couldn't
you go back go back go back back to see
what I could do we need the problem is
see he can't move him ease up one guy we
gotta get that one then somewhere safe
where he won't write some but I can't
move here I can't work here can you boil
what about down I can't move here what
happened somebody I'd move him
no but we can't move from enough oh wait
no moving that one back I can move him
oh yeah which way should I go now I came
here well you should be able to move
them both under the other side down I
can move in here move this one here yeah
you so you eventually need to get into
this one which way should I go now but
first I need to move you here to get you
on the way
oh no way which way should I go now
which way should I go what are you doing
okay so now easy now we got with you
switch to rich yeah great right the
white one there this is a second up no
yeah move down known another way he
doesn't because we can't uh does that
help
oh yeah here yeah which way should I go
now this guy which way should I go
which way should I go
who's there yeah okay FET fantastic this
guy over there
okay goes all the way over there and the
Fox can't do anything
yeah you could do okay well I know yet
not now you're erased it
well I redo anything I think we got a
you know we could do okay so this guy
will only go there because that's the
only place he's safe okay and then this
guy will only go here cuz it's the only
place he's safe
alright see the one black one that's
already on the right boom
move him out no he won't
hope is that while in there we'll move
that yeah you got you got you I I did
the easy part you do the hard part but
but go sex yeah I'm hoping after we beat
this puzzle we see some more sweet hot
ghost sex which way should I go now
that's what I'm looking for that hot go
sex
I don't know put it back oh I can I go
now nothing back up there thinking you
which way should I go
what's it about yeah literally should I
go
well what's we take about black down
there so Oh move him down and up
oh my god yeah which way should I go
I can't even just jam in there and then
we gotta shoot ya go oh you can't move
up to the right oh oh you got yourself
in a pickle here
got ya yourself a real pickle which way
should I go now
cuz I am because of him
the eyeball reminds me of ever soft yeah
a little bit a little bit I want I want
that skull gift I want that skull brain
gift thing why can't I move him because
he'll be taking about that guy and if
you move them up he'll be taking about
that guy
which way should I go now I remember you
want the whites on that side yeah
actually should I go anyone know if that
that skull brain thing is available
anywhere as a gift because I would love
that if you can find that send it to me
I just want to use that as a gift which
way should I go now progress I can't
move him hey Jeff city's our guy who
have all this skull gives you one I want
this specific like little brain teaser
gift that's the perfect reaction to send
to someone to say like I'm thinking
about it send a little brain top-up gift
it should be on the cd-rom oh good point
which way should I go it's probably in
the it's in the file somewhere well I'll
have to route through the files to see
if I can find it how did you find it
which way should I go
which way should I go now open URL
throbbing brain avatar did you find it
let's see if you found the right one
it's pretty good oh that's great yep
that's great you got it boom
awesome we've got the cutout vert and
that's which way should I go now boom
got it you guys you guys are awesome
basically you guys is that you know I
asked for stuff and you guys got it like
you're on top of it which way should I
go Jack please stop this nope I'm gonna
figure out the puzzles man which way
should I go now
the only problem is remember which
White's new yeah there you go mice need
to know on that side
there are four bishops I really really
really liked this yeah I like the
throbbing brain thing I think it's cool
oh Jesus Christ that's not what I wanted
it all
are you playing noises yeah your noises
perfect perfect perfect I hate this well
it's the logic puzzle which way should I
go now
all right let's see what we got here hey
oh wow sorry I've missed a bunch of tips
um had to work retail on Black Friday
had a pretty rough time thank goodness
you guys are streaming to brighten up my
weekend how do you guys handle stress
and anxiety lol well ruddy my sky you
just kill a bunch of people yeah you
know I've always found a nice nap or
just some quiet time
that's usually what gets rid of stress
for me is just be like sit in a quiet
room for like 20 minutes which we should
see what the quiet happened that's what
I do for stress or drink drinking also
helps but all drinking is a temporary
solution 20 minutes of quiet time just
take take a moment like go that works
out great I'm sorry that you have to
work retail on Black Friday I know I've
been there that sucks which way should I
go now leftover beefcake says Jack rich
the chat has learned it's lesson we will
never bother you constantly to play a
game ever again how much do I have to
tip to change the game to DC Universe a
hundred seventy-five I'm asked Jack out
of my ass we're playing 175 for a DC
Universe for playing the game if they
want us to play we're solving puzzles
yeah yeah it's like quite a bleep we're
setting right what went wrong right
let's see here anonymous says yep this
is the Uncharted four of the 90s failed
horror screenwriter couldn't get his
script produced so he tacked on a puzzle
game and see why no one brought his grip
sad
joonie cricket prick bastard says should
the MPAA be banned
I think they should the fucking internet
exists fuck kids fuck the elderly fuck
everyone what do you think about the the
ratings organization I go I typically
don't all right hey you know what I
don't I don't know if it should be
banned
I think MPA is rating organization right
I think it does serve a purpose and the
problem is people see that something is
is rated a certain way and and they lose
all logic right good as far as like oh
it's PG it certainly can't have anything
controversial in it because it's PG
right but it's like that's the the
rating system is a guideline where you
say oh like oh gee I know I know what a
gee movie is going to be a PG I kind of
know I'll look into it more parents need
to do their homework early on that girls
need to do their goddamn homewor
oh fuck this that's a real problem let's
see here games he'll do cases how much
would it cost to get you guys to stream
night trap in the future no amount of
money I will not play that I've seen
that been played and it seems like a
crazy amount of of work and we think
getting proper timing and I will not
play night trap also to add salt to
people bitching about this game let's
talk politics and buckey's are I'm also
a thoughts on homeworld and Dragon's
Dogma go
we like to Dragonstone talk mark yep
things are most fun I thought it was a
good game the Dragon's Dogma I like to
just walk around and killing monsters I
didn't care for the story so I just
walked around the woods and killed
monsters and that was great
hey rich David here hope you and Jack
Attack had a wonderful Thanksgiving
wanted to let you know how you can
literally let you know you can now
literally make your Pokemon work for you
in a mine and gather precious stones
that's great well then it's great you
know put them Pokemon to use we're
already putting them she was there
fighting for us apparently we're eating
them if you remember this all makes
perfect sense
Lord Belmont says oh wow thank you so
much for playing this I'm late to the
stream but I really hope you are
enjoying it you too are awesome I think
this is one that Lord Belmont has been
asking us to play over and over yeah
yeah just Alex 64 says Star Trek
question of the day was there ever a
time you disagreed with a decision made
by Picard probably probably enough
obviously Rob Blake off the top of my
head hot movie Picard yeah well okay
because that's it that's too easy
yep
but like what do you think about some of
the more controversial decisions like
what about removing the native Native
Americans from the planning using I
guess you know they went along with it
yeah he went along with a further better
maneuver following the rule was trying
to save the fucking lives at won't live
in Cardassian space I bet you them
Indians are all dead now Jack they've
all been forced into the Cardassian
spice mines Cardassian have built some
nice condos on top of their Indian
planet reservation yeah what's the best
if I'm gonna have an overlord it's gonna
be it's gonna be the Federation not too
goddamn Cardassian
absolutely absolutely rich what's the
best Zelda game sure the Link to the
Past
which one should I say Wind Waker
windwaker is the best elegant which way
should I go
link to the past is a great Zelda game a
fantastic selfie game but uh this is
this is nightmare
this is fucking this is fucking
nightmare
you're close man you're really close I
am but I can't do shit
which way should I go now majora's mask
is made I vote awakening linked to the
past
to past you know it's the best is good
it's good I did I enjoyed sailing around
more and winwaker and the combat was
fucking spot on and winwaker that made
me feel like i felt like a fucking hero
in winwaker i was the hero of time
motherfucker which we should oh my god
my boats the king what my boats the king
which way should I go now favorite
customers saying I think this puzzle is
like a palindrome when you have solved
half of it then you have to do the same
in Reverse earth get my drift
like I remember how I solve half of it
is the problem you know I didn't get
very far in Majora's Mask I was really
frustrated by the whole like day limit
time day limit thing I know eventually
you get to a point where you get to like
nullify that but I never got to that
point we should I go Majora's Mask was
one of those that I like just for
forever I want to give a second chance
know that I'm a little older but
now I play too many other games too many
times
Lord Velma's friendly tip if you go to
the book on the table in the library
three times it solves it for you what
there's a library
my favorite selves of all time great
flipping him I know that's it's supposed
to be like majora's mask is one of those
is one of those you know like everyone
needs to play this game you know why
don't we take a moment as we solve
puzzles which we should hand out stand
up let's just take a little stand up
they'll stand up time a little let's
stand up up down why why which way
should I go now
okay which way should I go
standing up I'm angry yeah that's fine
you don't have to high right well makes
my legs feel better
it sounds a - you mean the bad one yeah
you know what's all the - had some
redeeming qualities I think there's a
there's something to be said about the
original I'm excited with what they're
gonna do with the new one yeah if it
really is open worlds that could be a
fun Zelda go
we'll see we will see we should I do
know I even like ocarina ocarina on in
playing ocarina as an adult I think it
had more problems than I was originally
willing to admit but which way should I
go the father Wind Waker the forever
Wind Waker
Jack I have not seen black mare season
three yet I'm sorry I was binge you know
what I was doing I was binge watching
Westworld and jebus Chris we should I go
now it's the best
I finally if someone was saying don't
you can't recommend it until you get to
episode 7 I'm past Episode seven now and
I still fucking recommend it so hard
with great Westworld on point it brings
it I'm super excited about it all the
time I'm all caught up now Gino suave
all caught up on West world's waiting
for the new episodes tonight I'll see it
you know maybe tomorrow but I'm making
the opposite of progress Jack yeah I see
that you're going back you're going back
to where you used to be jack is finally
right about something West world is
awesome fuck yeah
you know what I don't know if I've ever
seen the movie star killer so I can only
assume it's better than the movie
because it's a little slower paced you
know episodic I like I like where
they're going with it
you got a couple twisties in a couple
twists the twists were great they let
you in on the twists and just enough
time for you to figure out out as it was
happening it was great
yeah it was heavily telegraphed but it
was only telegraphed right as it was
happening so you were figuring it out as
the character was figuring it out which
is nice that's how you want it to be
like you want your audience to to feel
like they've figured it out
which way should I go now well I don't
want to say serialized dr. smoke Street
because I don't know how long it's going
to last and so I'm going to say episodic
I don't even know what they're going to
be a season two I don't think there
should be a season two I want him to
finish it up in one season for which
Westworld
we're already getting like deep into the
twists and turns I don't know where they
could possibly go first we can I go now
so close you're so far they have five
seasons as sketched out this crazy oh
that's crazy
which way should I go down which way
should I go which way should I go now
wouldn't natural sodomy in July that
each episode is an individual story
that's how I was actually I don't know
what I've always taken serialized to
mean same basic concept for every
episode like something like like a Law &
Order like a site like a procedural like
that or it's basically the same steps
that are happening in every episode
that's what I always assumed it was
serialized so I don't know waste my good
guy very easily could be wrong
which way should I go now wait I gotta
get white over here right oh do I have
it backwards CSI is episodic lost as a
serial okay well there you go there you
go which way should I go
JP versus the world maybe we got you
here which way should I go now
which way should I go now beat master
yes I I will also not get into spoiler
talk but that's if if there is a weak
link it's them it's those two guys and
their whole shenanigans I kind of get it
where she is supposed to be a little
manipulative and they're you know
getting in deeper and deeper but yeah I
agree with you that they're the weak
point as far as the believable
characters are concerned in Westworld
which way should I go now who's oh good
choice or just ain't going which way
should I go
which way should I go now to a treasure
I mean talking about that
I absolutely believe
which way should I go object triggered
race no I am NOT a chess player chess
involves strategy which way should I go
ahead thinking several moves in advanced
and that is not my thing which way
should I go now I just I'm not I don't
have that kind of brain
yeah I'm terrible at chess - yeah I
would assume that you would that would
be Oliver link what everything I'm
terrible you're more of a checkers guy
we know that we know rich and his love
of checkers
today axe has a very important question
rich jack which way should I go now
which relations you want to try to find
the library and see if the book can give
us a hint
apparently there's a book in the library
that gives you hints I want to kill the
book okay I want to kill everybody who
ever saw the book for Grady should I go
now that's right my thing I would like
if I could fight the chess pieces with a
giant dumb Club but that would be in my
game we're half and half
hey no that's something right maybe
which way should I go now wheel Vance's
guys how big a tip for joining to send
to get you to play my guilty pleasure
90s game and just so you're forewarned
my guilty pleasure 90s game is King's
Quest 5 go and/or missed to rhythm
mister to Doc's for us is rich what what
why should I go now cemetery cuz you're
gonna kill you keep saying that
so how about those blood clots and Jack
needs a I stood up I stood up just a
little bit ago which way should I go now
you know what I've been trying lately
cyanide we've been trapped we we talked
about tonight it talks about my my poor
circulation during the computer building
stream because we put that thing on my
toe and it kept my that heart monitor on
my toe and it kept not working
I've been trying cayenne pepper putting
cayenne pepper in with her meals really
helps get the blood flowing
pepper I want to kill someone
well I'm sorry hey I literally want to
kill someone right now cuz he can't
figure this out yeah
which way should I go now you know I'm
gonna talk about while rich is feeling
about this puzzle well we're just bridge
is not figuring out this puzzle rich is
never going to figure out this puzzle is
it's we're beyond a spoiler oh you know
not total spoiler territory but I do
want to talk a little bit about Doctor
Strange I know like we talked a little
bit about it right after it came out and
I said it overall I really enjoyed it
but I did have one big problem with
Doctor Strange and I'm gonna talk about
that now
it's mild spoiler territory it's nothing
huge nothing huge but for the next like
5-10 minutes if you don't want to know
anything about Doctor Strange stop
listen because I'm just gonna talk about
my one issue that I have with Doctor
Strange you ready which way should I go
dr. Jack no spoilers it's it's a very
little spoiler it's it's very very
little good thing I can barely heard
jack well good now then I'll talk louder
like this which fuck you away fuck you
should I fuck you go now I hear that
Doctor Strange of the weirdness of the
comics which is a big sample for you it
has a lot of cool visuals it has a lot
of fun business here's my big problem
with Doctor Strange is I cannot tell you
why he wants to be a hero and as you
guys know for me character motivation is
a really important factor for me if I if
I don't believe in the characters
motivation it ruins the whole thing
for me it's it's why I had a hard time
getting into the Breaking Bad it's why I
had a hard time getting into that sci-fi
show that rich likes because of
character motivation and so like which
character like that's a huge thing for
me and and if you think about all the
superhero movies especially the Marvel
ones you can figure out why the hero
wants to be the hero very weasel should
I go now which way should I go now you
guys sure you wanted the game audio up
Breaking Bad has great character
motivation I don't think so or at least
as far as the first three episodes are
concerned I do I don't think so I never
bought the original premise of Breaking
Bad which is why I never really watched
it I never he jumped on that whole
selling meth thing really quickly like
too quickly for me but in any case so
Doctor Strange is like a cocky asshole
surgeon and and then you know he breaks
his hands and learns how to do magic so
he can learn how to fix his hands and in
in the meantime gets caught up in this
world like we use magic to protect the
world situation which way should I go
now and he's never really interested in
protecting the world he just wants to
learn all the magic he can to fix his
hands
and then at one point in the movi
he makes the decision to help other
people and it's not very clear why he
made that decision and it's very
bothersome to me he just we just reached
a point in the movie where he said well
I guess I'm the hero now and he was the
hero jack is wrong as usual Jack's take
on Breaking Bad is the only crime in
this conversation
well fuck man twenty minutes into the
first episodes of Breaking Bad he's
already looking into selling meth I want
some more time
let me that's not realistic let me be
with the character for a little Johnny
shouldn't go in it okay so dr. strange
has his things where he discovers the
cure for his hands and he has to choose
between curing his hands or using his
magic to save the world and he chooses
to save the world which is great but
it's not very clear why he choose to do
so and that was my only problem
some like character motivation problems
with dr. strange
which way should I go now so
it would like that's it it was just kind
of it was just kind of weakly done which
white needs to go over there Jesus there
oh Jesus I pick hotter which way should
I go Jack
don't you know you're not allowed to
have opinions of your own especially
when they go against mass popular
opinion you're right absolutely right
and I know that should I go I'm just not
super into doctors dream you're into
breaking bed I know it gets great and I
know it's amazing acting but I just
can't completion I can't be on board
with the original premise when the guy
jumps I'm not selling like so fast
right away which way should I go now
that's it uncle eyes the ancient one
told him it's not about you and he
finally embraced it but like it's like
why you know and he had that little
speech with Rachel McAdams and it's like
why I would have loved I would have
loved to seen that showed the choice
like maybe he went for his hands first
and then like I actually had to save
someone and chose to use his magic to
save someone instead of being selfish
that would have been nice a little show
don't tell
whatever happened to show don't tell
which way should I that's dead like like
my interest in this game gravy
well then let's leave this one go find a
different puzzle
why should I go now
I understand all the character
motivations in West world perfectly if
you don't then you're not watching West
world everybody's character motivation
in West world is completely when I go
now
oh no and I get it like he chose he
chose to save the world so he wouldn't
also die but again a little show don't
tell would have been nice there a little
a little action scene where he we see
him making the decision instead of
instead of a speech
I got
I got this thing here you take that now
if it doesn't want that thing okay
here's what I'm gonna do I won't have to
start again

[Part II]
I won't have to start again leave who's
gonna leave that puzzle right there Oh
all right great anonymous says no I'm
Jack massage Rich's ego nope
or maybe I don't know sorry you couldn't
figure out the puzzle rich search end
this page not found that's what that
comes up as that link click on one more
time
it is something wrong that phone
MZ Lucas says which way should I go now
which way should I go now which way
should I go now which way should I go
now which way should I go now which way
should I go now which way should I go
now which way should today it says Ridge
which way should I go now today I said
check which way should I go now
the real man says guys how big a tip
delighted descend to getting you to play
my guilty pleasure in this game oh yeah
that's been read I think you I think you
cut up okay I think you've got it
that can happen sometimes rich Mike is
poop over rich Evans over it's double
plug-in hey you know what it was facing
is facing the wrong damn way do I need
to reread those that's fine
no I'm rich I think my life has lost any
sense of direction which way should I go
now it's great it's great you guys know
all the Joe doesn't use Kirk says which
way should I go now you guys know all
the jokes how much do I have to tip for
you to tell me which way should I go now
he'll be back can you give me three
magic can you show me do you know what a
claw Vieira's no I don't know what a
khalaby areas where Sam Jack do you know
what a co-op here is Clum here not off
the top of my head
that's me talking about Oh Jack thinks
it's cute I think he's a big disgusting
bus cat cat he's a big friend smells
he's a big cat what what wait what
happened to tell you straight to the
cans I was in a billiard room now you're
playing the cans
today says which way should I go no
dramatic pause to get you guys to play
Phoenix right didn't bring the 3ds today
crocodile brains disguise this looks so
bad how about Italy dangerous dream I
just started playing and I'm in love
it's like no man's sky but with actual
content lol something something which
way should I something I can I get back
up to the billiard room if I go this is
a Jesus Christ shut up stream this is
why we don't always play the things that
people tell us we need to play them
Nana says I made a left in Hollywood
Boulevard which way should I go now
you need to get to Kohanga that's
another Street I'm trying to think about
who was pushing for this
it hasn't hesitant lately has been a
recent thing we've been asked a bunch of
times in the past it's come up before I
was good usually I think this has come
up in conjunction with like have J plays
yeah yes because it's a horror thing
really really think I want to say that
people are dumb I think I've heard I
think that's what I remember it's been a
while though J Brigade board within a
minute and then he wouldn't even look at
the screen right for the entirety of
headstream and then I would be stuck
doing the puzzles cuz you and J would
probably sitting next to each other in
chatting and I would be absolutely
miserable uh-huh that's how that would
work out maybe that's what they were
hoping for
yeah maybe maybe what they're hoping for
I can't I can't go in any of these rooms
Playtex come sit with a long warm odds
no next time I play X come to it's gonna
be vanilla with the DLCs which I have
not played any of I wasn't fond of some
of the things I I'm not familiar with
what long war has done with XCOM to but
I know long war for XCOM enemy within I
didn't I didn't like what they did the
tactical end like twelve men squads it
just seems seems like they're they're
slowing down what is a very fast-paced
turn-based game
rearrange the cans on the shelves so
that the lettered labels form a sentence
and you would have to do a lot of
rebalancing to to get 12 men squads to
freaking work and I think it's balanced
perfectly as is so I never play the long
war mod for the original but I do like
some one thing I've heard they've done
in the strategy layer so oh well one of
us is rich I'm lost which way should I
go now
Divac mousetrap says is the which way
joke replacing the replacing joke Corp
salade says Richie did well Jack you
need to do better
I just want safe both good luck we're
all counting on you I didn't get me
further than you did means you bad
there's more of these cans oh now I've
now the Lord Belmont you've spoiled the
cans puzzle and you're a jerk for doing
that
well I looked at the book and I said
they do it forms a sentence why is that
one by
by
I don't think you can do this by me I
can't even help you now because I've
read the answer so it's gonna take
longer oh my god
cry Oh Prai is a word right
yeah prize the word
try
this is to two letter words and we just
don't we just don't have any violet well
can you make that's to what I work right
life
mount like like Mountain like Mt
if I read this one how I'm gonna read it
again anyway clubs nod says I just want
to tell you both good luck we're all
counting on thanks barfly
I won't have to start again
animus says hope you guys had a great
Thanksgiving I was supposed to go see my
grandparents but I think I should have
taken that left at Albuquerque which way
should I go now lol fuck my play Rayman
co-op oh great Thanksgiving it was a
very chill Thanksgiving very few a
couple family members over but nothing
have been crazy it's a very it's very
relaxing you know what I did on
Thanksgiving hmm I loved watching the
parade and the dog show yeah do you like
that we're gonna get up early to watch
some fucking floats some blues cute you
know what more than the parade I love
the dog show there's a dog show the the
the national dog show is right after the
parade the kennel of the Philadelphia
Kennel Club really yeah so you get to
see all these horribly mutated dogs
because they've they've in bred them so
fucking much they all have horrible
diseases uh-huh hey where's the library
again look like I've liked it some of
the shit that goes on with pure breed
dogs it's not good that's why I love
watching it my favorite part about
watching it is like my kids watching it
because you know a lot of those dogs are
awful and ugly and horrible yeah so
they're just like oh look at that one it
looks like a dirty mop it's the library
yeah okay we're gonna check this book
again I need another hint
I needed another hint from the book
Laura Larkin says rich was closest to
solving the chess puzzle but Jack had to
fuck it up by saying the opposite of
what rich was about to do jack you had
four heck fraud fuck and whoever
recommended this died in a fire we have
the best fans they want to tear us apart
and and other people in the chat apart
bashful Nomad craftily Anjali
met secretly near my underground vault
so if I'm thinking about the words we
have here we have shy shy I can only
assume like we're supposed to like shy
nomads I'm not so anything and I hope
you didn't see the hint that the answer
is our
oh my my Nana Nana says rich did you get
any games from Steam sale anyway which
way should I go now about city skyline
which I've heard is good oh yeah I was
like seven bucks nice spot a copy of a
Space Marine from Warhammer
which should you buy painkiller I think
I already have painkiller there's more
of these cans
Ashville Nomad is a shy
wonder one is a shy
loner right but that we can't do that as
a shy something needs close by oh by
close by
I don't think you can do this
fuck you too
Helldivers is only 7 bucks boom oh that
was just fun for a little while and then
you're just done with it
by my I just don't know enough words
with no vowels
I can't help you I know you can because
I know the answer I don't buy my shy is
what I got so far okay so basically I
just need words
you know I need words with no vowels and
I just don't know that many words that's
my real problem
I got a C and a G 1 cm 1 G to play
around with
crypts Oh crypt
by my crypt
my mind's eye something by my crypt that
is one
oh good we can do attitude
right
by my crypt
pipes
listen is that a word glisten they spell
that no there's no end we don't have an
end to work with nevermind whatever
what should what's the hint say huh
what's the hint say I forget this is you
should go back should go back and look
well if I look again I think it gives me
the answer
oh I can tell you this it said it said
bashful Nomad so I'm trying to think of
what a different word for Nomad is shy
think of a small man says I can help
rich I'm trying to mod XCOM to to have
time units you time units and limited
ammo grades etc what do you think I
think you like the original XCOM which
is fine my croissants off I kind of I
kind of like the way they do it down
with the to move or move and shoot
system i it's it's a good pace it's got
a really good pace to it but if you
could figure out how to mob that in I'm
sure a lot of people would be interested
to see it
vice-versa man says we should all take a
moment to recognize how remarkable it is
that a self-professed dyslexic can make
any progress here at all go Jack I
figured out crypts that was my big one
that's true by the way that's true very
dyslexic
sticks
like try t ry but there's no
three-letter words so you keep spamming
the answer but Jack's not looking and
the fact that I saw it is why I'm not
helping him right right
shine no man that's if I can you know
like I feel like if I can figure out no
man because like right now by my crypt
shy and by my crypt and pretty solid
you know
and so I feel like I only have these
letters to work with and there's some
narrowing it down Nomad is also a
also a what give me that one give me
that word at least maybe I can you know
Preston nope poke Alex in the eyes is
Jack what kind of jazz did django
reinhardt play huh that's the question
what type of jazz did django reinhardt
I'm assuming that's a hint
Django Reinhardt
I'm not even gonna read any more goddamn
ten tips can't read tents
yeah well you can't do that all's I got
written I look like a nice nice tattoo
oh I read em shit I read them what is
that a snake yeah girl read all dem tits
it says tasty
sorry and chin says thanks for thinking
the rough draft is cute Jack you should
watch Ghibli's when mmm let me read this
when Marnie was there one day the story
touching of the stories touching and
rich sorry if I had offended you I
thought the character was cute you have
an offended man I was being humorous
about me not liking anime it's cute you
did great
yeah you're doing great it's great I'm
not offended please please anonymous
says hey they weren't anonymous the
spoiler was in their username but I'm
not reading that llama says hey ready
I'm in desperate need of help which way
should I go now
she said mom out of words rich take off
you got even spelling it right if you're
gonna try to cheat cheat correctly bezel
I don't have an e I don't have an e Paul
and Jedi says keep up the great stuff
guys read my tits damn okay here's the
here's the hint okay
bashful Nomad craftily agile a meet
secretly near my underground vault yeah
near my underground vaults by Mike Ritz
okay bashful Nomad craftily craftily a
jelly meat secretly near my underground
vault meets gathers
keep that in a place where where we can
we can jolly
secretly poke Alex the I'm not reading
that not amiss Oliver says rich I'm
trying to decide between a man and a
woman which way should I go now hey
Hanna that's something different
but that's your normal as that's a usual
which guy said go girl you never never
know who knows smiley is that a word
is slightly a word
you can just tell me if it's a word if
that is a word says you know like Trent
I don't
s l y ly you know shy something does
something slyly by my crypt
what is it again bashful nomads yeah
Jack's not reading if you want to try
and figure it out in the chat go ahead
yeah waiver its bashful nomads yeah
what's the rest of it
mmm I'm trying to be bashful nomads
something agile II secretly meet
secretly by my cricket bashful nomads
craftily Anjali meet secretly near my
underground vault
so bashful yeah and got that nomads
don't have that incontinent craftily
craftily agile yes and secretly it's
secretly craftily craftily
is like what are you if your crafter you
make stuff you know maker your but also
crafty head like I want to say smeet
secretly slyly gathers slyly
it's secretly
I shouldn't you guys shouldn't have
spoil it in the chat because then I'd be
humping Jack that's the problem is Jeff
doesn't know very manners my words are
not the best hands
JP can you give me a hint on no man
JP versus the world says rich I gifted
you a copy of Just Cause 3 via Steam
check your email it has quality similar
to vanquish hopefully you enjoy it as
much as I have thanks for all you and
Jack do thank you think of nomads
traveler someone who moves around a lot
who does these things gypsy
a gypsy gosh dammit
ah hey you know what what I thought of
it
shy gypsy whore fuck a shy gypsy
craftily and agilely meets secretly by
my crypt shy gypsy
try snow
find gypsy craftily there's no hint I
could think of there wasn't a giveaway
so no Britt you got me got me talking
yeah craftily craftily craftily a Jala
secretly meets secretly specifically mid
secretly sure craftily Angelis secretly
secretly hush silently
why LST our loyalty
Darkwing schmuck says my Thanksgiving
was spent launching the Mystery Science
Theater 3000 marathon which included the
wonderfully terrible space mutiny I say
on the cake was randomly finding the
best of the worst episode the day after
let's just try this out I'm not saying
that this is correct
mom says Jack have your kids told you
the must have Christmas gift they want
this year like an ant farm or a hula
hoop they're all about right now they're
all about Pokemon I don't think this is
a word
slyly
what would you think it would mean to do
something you know in a sly fashion
so in my secret that's what's secretly
is to me is slyly but I don't I just
don't think it's an actual word can you
just tell me if this is an actual word
slyly yes that is an actual word in real
life
so close yet so they're all about the
Pokemon right now so they just want like
Pokemon plush dolls and there's a bunch
of like buildable figures shy gypsy
you know you know Draco's TFM if I
weren't spoiled by the chat I would have
I would have I would have you know hey
hey you know it's all fine
for every cheap chap it's not fair if we
cheat
so a bashful Nomad add jolly bad the bat
bashful Nomad meet secretly by a
crocodile brian says jack here's money
for a beer on me I'm so proud of you for
getting gypsy you fuck hard tree fucker
says I'm playing stardew and can't
decide between wife and Emily and penny
which way should I go now she's new
she's in the update she's the barmaid no
Liam Penny's a sad sack and Emily's
Emily's a nut case I love what is she's
sweet but God she would be so depressing
to live with no no you know what she was
so depressed and could sit with her and
read book they didn't spend Thanksgiving
dinner with like Pam and her mother the
one does what that's two days of your
mouth Thanksgiving and Christmas Leigh
is making art she's making your place
look nice spy spies the word what is it
again bashful nomads a jali
something slightly by my crypt meets
Emily there's a new New Age nutcase
spire spires over pro why I leave her ex
prilae spry Li it's right to be spry is
that it with a why I can't say anything
can't say anything no longer I no longer
have the hint to read Riley these shy
gypsy spry Lee does something slyly buy
my grave Crypt Riley where's the hint
things bashful Nomad scrolled a long
time ago now
oh no no this is Riley gosh darnit
bashful Nomad yeah craftily agile II
made secretly near my underground vault
okay so craftily agile II and meet
secretly
I'm sticking with spry Lee over here if
that's a word
see we receive this works
slightly by my girl
the shy gypsy something spry least slyly
by my grave shine gypsy craftily oh
sorry
a July Lea meet secretly slide by my
chronic crypt I think's prilae is a word
Jack you're not helping you're just not
helping
finally surrounded by my crib atomic
mousetrap says if I ever find the guy
who designed this puzzle I'm going to
push it in his stupid face okay can you
tell some Nashville is bashful
that's what is that one of is shy okay
no Matt is gypsy craftily is craftily is
though is the one I'm trying to look for
okay add jelly spry Lee and meet
secretly and see like slyly I'm putting
with secretly what a sly mange act huh
what a slimy me
oh you know what I'm thinking of like
Sly Cooper oh okay okay like you you you
sneak in is it's not anything like meet
secretly secret secretly are you trying
to say that slyly should go up here is
this what you're trying to tell me is
this why you're trying the the shy
gypsies slyly Spri Lee does something by
my crypt is that what you're trying to
tell me that I have the definition of
slightly mildly incorrect mildly you got
craftily like oh like you know who's
kind of crafty Sly Cooper I never played
it's like he's like just like Cooper's
example because all right I've never
played it I thought he was like a thief
crafty thief but sneaky thief secret
thief sly sly is like intelligent clever
oh and I've always I've always
understood slides mean like like sneaky
alright so meet secretly meets secretly
the shy gypsy slyly Spri Lee
so what do you call it when people are
going to meet secretly that's what I'm
looking at the word letter Z rich this
is not my strong suit
see
let's see here I was really worried
about that's Lila like you're never
gonna get it now you're locked in to the
wrong answer
I gots hey I got this i way it was so
close yet so far
I knew that slighly was a word rich and
isn't that what's important I can't see
a word in here though essentially it's
just unscramble that right right right
right this is the best thing you guys
have ever done this is dildo Calrissian
thanks dildo Calrissian
nothing but I'm not good with words he
said it phonetically were bowed what shy
gypsy slightly sprightly should I have
mercy oh good you can't you can't what I
what I don't flat-out tell you don't
flat-out tell me what do you call it
when like people who are cheating on
their spouses meet up what does that was
it referred to us they're having
something an affair yeah
and then they meet up at the motel 6
because they're you know they're having
you might not know the word I might not
know the word Oh which is great they're
having a what if I don't know the word
Ridge what you know this is good news
for your wife yes they are yes I just I
have never heard of the word I have
never ever heard of the word trysts
before tryst okay well so that's the
problem it's just a word I've never ever
heard before
have you heard that word ain't nothing
that's like that's like a that's like an
1872 word Oh father and the milk me oh
they're going for a tryst holy fuck
well there we hey you know what I got
most of those words by myself and I
didn't even know what wrist was
hunchback Jack says this is tense
I'm loving it great I'm glad you're
loving it
l'anima says rich the strain or mr.
robot which way should I go now
I've heard good things about the mr.
robot I haven't heard anything about the
string so I'll say mr. robot okay which
I don't know either of those things are
my fields
I know tryst but I don't know what
either of those things are referring to
their shows their television shows ow
mr. robot is about a hacker okay and the
strain I think zombies but I don't know
here so I'm gonna say go with the hacker
I've heard things about the hacker all
right well great we can get out of here
now you just joined the stream what the
hell is this that we're watching we if
only there was a the title of the game
somewhere displayed in our stream to
keep questions like that's right
Oh your finger went out of frameworks
it's like oh wait it's like reddit I
think maybe that that question rich was
rhetorical it's very possible that that
was a rhetorical question
almost 900 viewers for the seventh guess
well there you go are the Emmys on
tonight
who gives a fuck right and here's a fuck
about the Emmys I want to get back to
that billiards I got duped I got duped
into going back down to the kitchen
first hey you know what I am great at
Sudoku I want to string with nothing but
Jack playing Sudoku Sudoku isn't words
that's numbers and I am fucking great at
today I heard for a time I was like
addicted to Sudoku it's great yeah it's
a great all that is is logic puzzles and
I am fucking a Sudoku master because my
wife is a Sudoku master but I am also a
sadhaka master when when I worked at the
grocery store
wait no I'm missin I missed it when I
said I am fuckin a Sudoku master mostly
because my wife is this a dhoka master
but I'm also pretty good at it
so you have herself deserving him I'm
fucking a Sudoku master oh I didn't hear
that I didn't catch the fucking part but
I'm also really good at it come on rich
in any case Sudokus great and I'm really
good at it rich you were gonna say
something about Sudoku there's nothing
exciting
I used to I'm slow nights I used to just
have work I'd dig up my Sudoku book and
I just be doing another coma great
Sudokus wonderful great thing on an
airplane trip just a yeah some Sudoku
things Sudokus fantastic I could use the
dough can you ill night they take me a
while up there it is who's the brainer
I'm not more chess
queen was lethal yep in every direction
so here
oh yeah put a queen in every row and
column in a position where they can
touch each other okay I've done one of
these before for something I could never
wear this came up each must be out of
touch with all the others
eight Queens yet must be out yeah
I'm getting up
yeah there though
no no yeah that works you too but no
here
oh that wasn't running
nope nope nope
I might have reduced
far right columns second one down and
then this is the one I don't think there
is many things looser straight on the
bottom this one gets it I think I messed
up
where should I go
oh well I have a second yeah
oh wait
interesting I've done this before
where have I done this before why
I don't know man
I don't know man I got rid of a lot
I don't know
this should be pretty easy to figure out
though let's just start from the
beginning
yep
vote here can't go here can't go here
but it came think think like out a night
yeah that's what I'm
here
here
yeah well we can come back to our income
backed up sure start a night over again
sure yeah then this one go oh we had a
strategy rich but it's not working
we got nothing for this row right right
now they're each taken
shadow leap fences holy shit guys you're
not gonna believe it a ghost just
appeared on my screen what's what the
fuck a ghost a ghost ago was it a shitty
FMV ghost
this game is amazing it's not at all
it's it's it's just it's like random ass
puzzles that you would find in like a
kids book with like a weird ghost story
damnit Rosemond yeah sure this might be
more to reach back sir restart like move
it to the bottom and way to the brain
shows up again like move the cursor tell
that that flat ever since yeah
yeah this is not one of the better
soundtrack pieces well
listen I'm sure I'm sure this is just
one of those like at the time it was
great kind of situations but you know
not everything ages
shut up your stupid game what's our
what's our uptime and let's go check
that out I think I mean to each must be
out of touch with all the others
oh yeah Bruntlett let's stand up again
I would love that too to see like the
twitch algorithm try to figure out why
so many people are watching like an
old-ass cd-rom game great no I wanted no
no I'm getting to be free to be free
no it just have so much memory with the
voice with the voice over which there's
a professor layton slash Ace Attorney
game on through yes I like the Professor
Layton games too I enjoy logic puzzles
like simple logic puzzles
don't it
oh hey get out of here did you come here
that's our I said nothing
well that takes me to the to the kitchen
why huh
why does that take me to the kitchen I
don't know and he's the really upsetting
part you can't go back what you can't go
back to the game room through the oven
really yeah
are you sure I'm sure
huh I wonder like how these actors felt
terrible about like like you guys are
gonna be live action in a video game in
a cd-rom
correct they all killed themselves it's
very possible
don't have a phone yeah they got me
there they probably got paid you're
right they didn't care they got paid to
do what I think of reggae music I don't
know too much about it I've heard you're
Bob Marley's and that's about it I have
no strong feelings for or against
reggae music its reggae
but finding things a little
shut up and let me have my cursor back
here
one of these puzzles I plan to get
around this great I'll need to get
around yes we understand what we need to
do you dick
these kind of puzzles infuriate me
they go yep there you go yeah you got
you got it making sure I got it make
sure it fuck up yep yep we just got it
he's the tile puzzle sliding master
oh the ghost lady
oh you guys I was this amazed what yes
oh yes keep going this way what are you
doing anything No
sure
oh no no I think they were feeling
lonely oh this is the worst
turn around you this is just the dumbest
the fucking dumbest thing it's a time
killer
Jesus Chris Rich give me my cursor back
so I can keep on with this dumb maze the
punishment for a dead end is you have to
stop and listen to that prick talk
feeling no no oh my god
better graphics than doom
failing have a dead end in that long
last quarter that quarter need to be so
long it's just a dead fucking in its
amazement oh my god it's amazing
remember the mace and the chest nitro me
huh yeah I do why I don't know what
sadly I didn't memorize it at the time
and that wasn't asking me to do a third
person a first-person kind of run
through it
oh there wasn't amazing the chest my
room there's a fake-out mace oh they got
me so maybe that had that was yeah like
like like I memorized that shit of
course fuck you
they're saying just to take a left at
every turn
gypsy god damn it said right now is that
the username who made a username
specifically tell me no matters yes
you know what the tape I figured it out
just took me a little bit longer right
now Jack and rich are playing this and
their significant others are feeling not
gonna end any time soon this isn't a
simple maze this is this is an obnoxious
maze you can't like like a maze on a
paper you can at least see it in the
proud tradition of each plant every dead
end there's like ten seconds where I
don't have the mouse cursor and I can't
do anything I just gotta listen back to
things that really matter how many
timelines do you think there are in West
world that's the real question cuz I've
noticed some things that look like
continuity errors oh sorry that's where
you know this is this Dan trips to the
main that's fine
do you want to go look at the maze or do
you just want to try the maze again do
we assume that's actually the solution
that's what they said but they have also
said just take a left at every turn mmm
what do you what do you want to do I
want to strangle the person who made
this
oh wait someone has given us the maize
rich no no we can't learn can't look
that would be cheating look you can look
if you want no no that would be cheating
somebody somebody really really wanted
us to play the seventh guests no here's
the thing that it wouldn't be it
wouldn't be fair to the people who've
asked us to play this in the past before
you kidding you're right and that
someone is that someone else is saying
I'm doing the every left-turn thing is
not correct yeah yeah that's great
that's great
I have not seen the leftover I do like
Westworld Wester other things pretty
damn good
Oh
somebody really liked a nightmare Elm
Street everybody like I'm announcer rich
yeah good film there are two sequels to
this game Darkwing schmuck there are two
sequels to this game that name is
acceptable that's older than the other
doors away for look some of them didn't
open jack timelines in Westeros I don't
want to get into spoiler this is not
even a starting point where's the ending
point I don't think this is anything
unless the solving the chess thing shows
us the right path the right eye here Oh
God we're back on the chess thing oh my
god oh my god why dear Lord baby Jesus
baby baby Jesus it's not a good idea
which is if you see the carpet again we
could take a picture of it then that's
not technically cheating cuz like we
could all sit like back in the day we
could have drawn a picture so that
wouldn't be cheating
timelines in Westworld I'm not terribly
concerned with that because it is a
little time you whiny I don't really
care how many there are there's there is
a time thing second it said which way
should I go now and I honestly I got
sick I I legitimately got sick
oh god I can get I can get the the to
where we got to get the last time we we
did the thing Oh God zombie enteric says
evening gentlemen I just got hearing
can't believe you're actually playing
this game I'm surprised you're not more
pissed off by nano god speed we've been
solving puzzles
oh we're plenty pissed but we're here
man
we're here we're playing it's the
seventh guests who's great look at that
eyeball it's great Cerie genesis rich
you're so adamant about anti-cheating
that it's almost admirable actually
thank you I'm Jed Jackson and I had to a
teensy weensy teeny bit for don't starve
together otherwise innocent people would
have been stem that's true when when
Sarah and I were playing don't starve
together we cheated
I wouldn't say in HD weensy bit we
cheated a lot and don't starve together
mostly because I was really bad at it so
it was a mercy she go
to your grave
that's where I'm gonna put you dr.
saleon a says we're solving at a rate of
one puzzle every 1.5 hours that's
probably normal for a game like this
yeah probably
we're rich rich plowed through that
chess Queen one that was remark like
nothing like it was like it was a oh
yeah like a like a coked-up Charlie
Sheen going through some Christmas paper
man it was crazy Jack I feel bad now cuz
I did not notice any errors in Westfield
there there were something that was
either a glaring continuity error or a
time deviation glaring like after
episode one glaring and so I with all
the other time you whiny stuff that's
been happening I assumed it was another
like timeline thing it has to do this
will be hopefully spoiler free one of
the livestock that was printing storage
shows up in later episodes is the
unspoiled
if you know what I'm talking about if
you're Westworld watching then you'll
know what I'm talking about which way
should I go now
it's not it was not Brad writing if
anything it would be it would be a just
a casting continuity issue no no no
spoilers I was vague enough only people
who have seen it would know what I'm
talking about which way should I go now
snuke that's what I'm saying I think
that was done on purpose for it for a
tiny thing
Darkwing schmuck of the show it
basically has the same premise as the
movie but it's it's different it's
different we should I go to hell
dr. Smoketree says he doesn't need to
solve this again but average didn't
solve it the first time mister we she
needs to solve it once the point of this
is when you when you solve each of the
puzzle you get more of the story your
reward for solving the puzzle the point
of this is that when when you insist we
play a game it's not always a good idea
so this sometimes rich and I make
executive decisions not to play a game
because we don't think it'll make a good
stream you know what it's possible that
we could be wrong and so you know as a
as a show of like hey maybe we could be
wrong we every once in a while we try it
out you know
my god wrench I feel like you're so
effing close it's fur it's so far no no
which way should I you see it wait do
you see it yes stop what you're doing so
in the middle yeah that black one right
there now before you do anything yeah
you can move him up one mhm only here I
can't move a pair which way should I go
now right but you could move him up one
there yeah then the bottom one yep yep
which way should I go maybe I didn't
have it
I can't hear at all which way should I
go
make you a second which one should I go
down q for a sec rich
which way should I go
okay my wait can I look at everything
the steps
hey that God look look she's gonna look
just for a second just for a sec you
sick
which way should I go now
feeling alone and cephalo pathetic says
what did you guys who did you guys hurt
in a previous life to deserve this which
way should I pass the spirit of my must
have punched Gandhi or something
fuck Gandhi and quit insomniacs as rich
plus Jack it might not cheer you up but
I am crying laughing at this dream thank
you gentlemen
lol pretty my rank well I'm glad you're
enjoying it hopefully you're not I'm
stuck Jack I'm stuck I see that rich and
I don't have a goodness it seems like
you are so yet so very close so far
right it seems like you're so close
I'm checking the chicken stay in the
stream here they're gonna give me some
hints
which way should I go now right censored
lloyd beets I don't believe that one
will work
no that won't work because the white one
was there
solve the white blocks first they aren't
related to the black box you don't need
to move pieces on both colored blocks at
the same time that's just distracted
yeah right
so just worry about the ones on the
white box which one should I go now or
the black box whatever you're working
right so how do they dance around each
other
where can you hide it so the other one
can move don't worry about the black
ones I'm working on the black well how
you're working on the black box okay so
now where can you hide it which way
should I go now which one I go now
all right
can't move it anyway
so elegant
almost 800 people transfixed by this
god-awful bullshit Congrats well hey
this you know this is the game which way
should I go now why should I go favorite
customer says they got it I'm so fuckin
happy for you
which way should I go now yes favorite
coaster has it they were guessing I'm
just mischievous my hot shit here riches
onto some hot shit here I don't know oh
hey they were with you they were with
you for a second very rich they were
with you I think we've been here before
we've been in this exact position before
yeah we were yeah
which way should I go now I don't know I
didn't know
everyone who was like all with his now
saying oh damn which was only three
moves away then he back trapped click oh
I'm clicking on you I'm what I'm looking
at what you're gonna say click Oh tell
me what you got which way should I go
now
Quico I'm on you I'm watching you I have
you so load if you just tell me you know
we'll get to a space and you just tell
me what to do
no spoilers jack ah well I want to know
how to how to win it I'm not gonna tell
rich you tell me how to win it rich
isn't paying attention to chat right now
it's just me which way should I go
oh this is the worst game of imagine 20
should I go now
which way should I go that's true Ryan
from mi V so the point of this game is
moving the bishop tonight the white
started on the right and you need to
move them to the left and the blacks are
on the left you need to move them to the
right but they can never rest in path of
their enemy in the path of their enemies
which way should I go
so so for example you'll notice that the
white ones on the black are not in the
path of any of the black ones on the
black and they can't they can't rest in
their enemies line of the site and so
you have to try to move the pieces
without having them rest in their
enemies line of sight I don't know how
to do this some close yet so far right
looks incredibly tricky which way should
I go
that's just gone backwards you know I
know that's just going backwards but
Jack do it oh I don't think I'd be any
better at it I'll be quite honest with
it
which way should I go now
have you ever been to Canada yeah I've
been to Canada my family up in Canada
I've been to Canada a few times I like
that kanata lovely country which way
should I go now Jack please take over
and refresh the puzzles like that so
visually confusing I don't know which
way should I go
the thing is rich you need to remember
oh oh oh
should I go now
rich this is the furthest you've gotten
yet which way should I go now down into
the right Kent
no I can't go hero somehow he is
Jebus crisper rich what are you gonna do
what are you gonna do I don't know jack
which way should I go can't have that
one right can you move that one at all
without like no you can't move amazing
either direction
for the love of Christ scattering which
we shake riches gotten really close here
really really stupidly close
which way should I go now
which way should I go now okay I'm with
you I'm with you what do I want he came
he came from down here from down there
so move him up there and now you have
two pieces that you just respond so it
should be simpler yes yeah yes which way
should I go rich you did it rich holy
motherfuck
wait now look at that look at that
puzzle whoo hey nice one wrench yep I
don't I don't think this is related
because this maze doesn't seem to go
anywhere that maze does not have an
ending or big I mean it has a beginning
that maze does not seem to have anything
to do yeah an unrelated base that's what
I'm gonna oh man that was great that was
great that was rich rich be to beat all
the puzzles that's it that's it for this
room that's it for the whole room I
think so oh my god right
oh it's a mirror that is the maze is
that what they're saying alright I'll
take another look there's no I don't see
anything that appears to be a
destination all right
it starts does the only thing resembling
an entrance right yes unless that's the
exit but where you start if that's the
exit right well here's what we'll do
wait hold on there's an arrow on the
right of the maze the maze has an
entrance and an exit arrow on the right
side
oh the exit is right next to it oh god
that's awful which one do you start at
my guess is the left I don't know
because it makes a huge difference you
know right how do you know which one you
start in I think we started here I could
be wrong
I remember some curbs but it started
right I don't know I don't know do we
want to take a picture
what did solving the bishop puzzle even
do I don't know actually there was no oh
hey we didn't get a little story update
after some time the bishop puzzle
fucking it's fine go through here the
first fork in the road right left right
left straight though they're saying the
bottom is the start and the top is the
exit top is the exit now so you go
should hopefully they're straight
straight straight straight straight
straight straight straight I don't think
so I don't remember this many corridors
that we straight straight straight
straight
straight right honey so the ninth one go
right yep then go right it 9th on the
right on the ninth one right again right
again and right and then left
no yeah Oh God let's take a picture I
took a picture you did you can see the
arrows I I cannot see the arrows I don't
know what you're talking about
what arrows are you talking about I
don't know that is a left jack what it's
fine everything you know I got a picture
of it my phone ran out of batteries
so we're fucked really
but I think someone gave us the take
your picture my phone ran out of
batteries so someone send us that end a
picture on the fucking Internet oh I'm
gonna google it I'm gonna google it now
are you
where are these arrows they're talking
about that are obvious I have no idea I
that's that's just that's just there's
an opening here and there's one right
under it yeah I can't see which is which
but there's not an arrow pointing to
either one I'm with you okay yeah I have
a picture I have a picture without
without any without giving it away so
just as if I took it taking a picture
right all right great
I found it which is really into a game
he hates we're playing a game each
entrance has an arrow perhaps your
brightness is turned down since they're
black like the maze it's fine it's fine
what happened to our sound I don't know
is it weird that the sound one bit is
apparently the game ran out of sound hey
all right well that's fine I mean
whatever don't turn it back on you you
people were oh wait wait I'm gonna get
in here Oh get it yeah turn it go do the
yeah I don't know they don't leave the
sound off need audio clues though yeah
are you feeling lonely think of right
wait are we saved probably not but you
should
don't draw the thing just save the game
here's a game option I want the save why
are you going through maps is this how
it saves no these are the puzzles we've
completed they say you clicked on a map
you didn't click on save how do I get
out of the map on that one pixel on the
top left in the blackness if it wasn't
obvious select a number one name it
there's no space
fuck e fuck you
fuck you bitch
okay
farewell oh wait wait wait wait wait god
I'm never started so we can get the
sound what what sound am here's what I'm
worried about what are you worried about
well just restarted now we'll see we'll
see what happens what I'm worried about
is you clicked farewell after the save
instead of okay well then we know how
the stream is gonna end Touche
motherfucker oh god dammit
are we still streaming oh my get out
Wellcome to my there we go hold on no no
we didn't stop we're still streaming
there we go we're still streaming Oh No
so it's not actually saved cuz you
didn't hit okay and we are done we are
done
yeah I mean we're totally done we're not
doing any more farewell hey you know
what we made it through a lot of the
puzzles and we and we know what the 7th
guest is all about now rich and isn't
that worth something
no okay great great
we did it everything's fine and we did
it we did everything we did I don't
think you're taping you got an arrow
going oh how long we've been going oh oh
you want to update it no I can do that
uptime oh that's a perfectly decent
stream Oh ours is a perfectly decent
family it's perfectly and now I never
have to play the 7th guest again exactly
boom done boom at least we got this gem
of an observation this pie is a word
that's the gem of the observation Spy is
a word hey I figured that fucking puzzle
out with very little help only help
knowing what one goddamn word was cuz I
didn't know that it was a word so you
know No
now is the time that we take to say the
things that thank the people who
subscribed during the streaming of you
these are all of the people who make our
misery possible yeah
mr. Pibbs 18 months a neurosis if my
anniversary was in years instead of
months it had finally be legal oh I get
it
ex Mensa 429 fucking months in a row ex
Mensa says t 7g enjoy the badly D
interlaced go Tiberius Kirk fifteen
months in a row says I'm the master
rapper and I'm here to say I love fruity
pebbles in a major way the bedrock
yellow orange purple Lyman red but to
get the fruity taste I got a trick Fred
Barney my pebbles Barney my rebel's hmm
a little fruity pebbles in a beige or
white the bedrock yellow orange purple
Robin red but to get the fruity taste I
got a trip friend Bonnie my pebbles
Wendy one welcome
mokey p85 29 fucking months in a row
mokey be 85 cents
for me and I'm unsubscribed and all I
get is the 7th guest oh my god lunar
arch on for twenty seven fucking months
in a row let the misery commence you
buzz says moto macaws nack 17 months in
a row Dookie 69 says two months big
cheap hope you guys get the money lol
fuck makanda tyranny Soros Rex
my real name is Don gonna be great for a
four stars out of 50 says switch rumors
suggest
the premium version will be bundled with
splatoon why not something good like the
new Zelda or a new Pokemon what's your
opinion
keep up the good work well so on their
own and you're just giving it away if
you bundle it that's why I'll make more
money yeah and you know what splatoon
they know that's not gonna cost them any
extra money they've already made that
game yeah yeah and you know what it's a
good game I'm really enjoying splatoon
yeah yeah that's mirrored I was weird
but you know overall is a good game so
they're they're also hoping to bolster
their like splatoon base it's a duper
holster the splatoon base and then I
still sell the fucking Zelda poop dick
5079 what game is next up on your wildly
successful series Jesus Christ shut up
already
you should do a stream of Civ 6 lol poke
my pogo stick well one of these times
it's gonna be Knights of the Old
Republic and you guys are just gonna
have to squirm through that as I play it
yeah yeah won't even be me you playing I
think I made a plan right because that's
that's that's what's gonna make me love
the Star Wars unconditionally oh is it I
think it specifically aimed at me oh
well there you go
yes yeah that's probably next unless no
no no it's gonna be you what it's gonna
be you playing I'll hate it
yeah that's great oh great I am loosing
Harald fairhair says thanks for all you
do you hack frauds heliosphere 1969 says
hey guys thanks for 6 months of streams
fabulous fier oh sorry oh it's the
fabulous fier
4 and the fabulous few houses were
Chester visas varchar vivasvan divest
valve under from worshipping witches
wait for the wait to just get on my
giblets were Chester weasels what
Weaver's wander West were wonderful
worshipping witches wait to gestate on
my giblets
Bouck Alex in the eyes fabulous yeah
says my only regret is that I have got
one twitch Prime subscription to give
well thank you fo calyx in the eye SiC
hole 12 months in a row
John 1089 14 months in a row that was
unintelligible
I'm sorry I started doing the the
fanciful German thing and I went with it
Jetta the gestate and giblets did not
work well with my German accents and so
I'm very sorry
minty cyanide J kid Oh 8 14 months in a
row Theodore J hooker for 27 fucking
months in a row just 9 months shy of
three years general Garth says fuck yeah
I've been watching this stream since day
one love you dude keep up the gibbering
and settle down channel ha ha ha ha tiny
tic-tac this sub has officially lasted
longer than my most recent relationship
that's ok the new guy my mom is with
isn't so bad
ok turn both eyes out since I said beer
darlin and a FedEx employee asked what
was in the box panicked
said VHS tapes he insisted on looking
inside and I denied him saying ah it's
kind of personal
probably thought I was sending weird
pervy VHS tapes ups didn't care
well we look forward to either your
pervy VHS tapes or here be here
dr. soya days for 19 months in a row dr.
Swain says I recently started a stream
just so my friend can watch and laugh at
my crappy gaming skills he's already
made a list of games he wants me to play
and I don't give a shit about any of
them
you guys have my sympathies also you
should play the Neverhood only child
says I joined tonight's stream an hour
late and you were talking to a pirate
ghost not sure if I want to know how you
got to this point a series of bad life
decisions that oast dildo Calrissian
might be my new favorite name Hamburglar
is that Hamburglar yeah El Pollo Diablo
six five seven cents which way should I
go now which way should I go now which
way should I go now are you feeling
lonely a clockwork Stalin 25 fucking
months in a row Hunchback jacket 18
months in a row says thanks guys for a
year-and-a-half prereq goodness easily
my favorite twitch channel thank you
Thank You professor physics 24 months in
a row professor physics has two years of
highs and lows and this may be one of
those dim salmon's 15 months in a row
says rich as a massive George Carlin fan
I wondered if you ever listened to his
audiobooks that he personally read and
if so what is your opinion on him pinion
on them thank you for all the laughs and
entertainment as always funny things you
mentioned that on the way to Karen's
mother like you know for holiday type
stuff oh my god we were listening to one
of his audiobooks I remember which one
it was
yeah cool I enjoyed it I enjoyed it nice
the dude in 1944 for twenty three
fucking months in a row a Michele 87 27
fucking months in a row says this mazes
awfully corny Kappa
like a corn maze maybe maybe maybe
cheaper less Lando was taken twenty six
fucking months in a row says what would
baby buggy bumpers space come Oh 427
fucking months in a row here's to the
next stream we're rich and Jack
completes weapon zone 19 says Nebraska
sends its love your way thank you thank
you everybody thank you for subscribing
to appreciate it and we hope you enjoy
we're never play the seven guests
