Feb 24, 2016
XCOM 2: War of the Chosen
https://www.twitch.tv/video/60467307
https://www.twitch.tv/video/60470346
https://www.twitch.tv/video/60472748
https://www.twitch.tv/video/60473689
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q57mjS6LDHQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PjVjVc14k4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKvGDn4lLJQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNHJ9MKTwY4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/702166189007511552

[Part I]
we have Gophers I know we can take care
of those Gophers by maybe a traps that's
all you talk about now Jay I think we
could use traps it's all I do anymore
every every every afternoon I'm out in
the fields not your field oh yeah I go
another I don't ask permission though
that feels like an extra step that I
don't feel like taking that was
literally the whole part that was the
purpose of the video
Jay was to learn yeah that was the
boring part of the video that was the
part where you weren't exploding
varmints you're right exactly you're
right
you know I kind of like how when your
soldiers get wounded go bad yeah they
have scars afterwards oh yeah yeah she's
got a scar on her cheek she didn't have
that originally
oh that's after a wound that's great all
right sorry
no you're I am so big I that's just the
angle of the camera I'm at sound
perspectives where if you're closer to
the camera you're bigger it looks like
that's that's how they made Godzilla and
Power Rangers I remember learning that
trick from some TV special when I was a
little kid mm-hm and so I tried it out
with my camcorder where it's like you
can make it look like you're standing on
your countertop Jesus get rid of it
right there that startled me
it should just just keep turning it down
don't stop there
don't stop turning that sound down
vegan economist says eastern hemisphere
in the house yes'm yo yo was up y'all
European dog haven't you're a European
dog oh my god oh they just call this
what I mean that's not what I mean I was
talkin hip-hop
don't ever try to talk hip-hop again I
guess my all so I'm finally done with my
exams for the semester and I'm buying
space cop tomorrow
can I have my digital copies
yes I don't know how you plan on doing
it but sign and digitally yeah we'll
give you a text file that has our names
in Comic Sans I like how all of your
syusai soldiers hair turns white that's
a prize purple too I believe oh yeah
dude you got weapon upgrades why aren't
you using them Michael because I just
got you know I was holding off on
rejiggering my upgrades cuz I just got
the continent perk that lets you switch
them out without losing the old ones so
I just got that now and that was like
the first thing that was going to doing
things the question is do you want to
watch me spend ten minutes yeah we're
just chatting anyway their guns look
like scaffolding big guns like
scaffolding all of the middens here I'm
like I've got like the mid tier weapons
and armor and I think it all
deliberately looks jakie
I think it's part running joke and part
it's supposed to be there they're not
quite there yet okay you don't have the
good stuff yet and see I like that look
that look that looks to me like
hodgepodge weaponry hmm you know just
pipes and wires everywhere sure the the
guys I can't afford it yet the highest
tier of weapons looks too smooth it
almost looks like like a nerf gun it
look really sexy that's not a little
sexy
they look like nerf guns you can begin
making guns bright yellow you can do
that now I'm gonna I'm gonna give all of
my warriors nerf gun I saw I saw a
spring shot online I'm like this guy's
this guy's got troops using nerf guns
that sounds great now mostly Jay
they're wondering why you hate the
Martian I don't hate it I just didn't
like it there was no attention to
anything and Matt Damon sucked we were
just we were just chatting about this
right before the stream started the
Martian is an incredibly boring movie
yeah oh boy I better figure out how to
solve this problem okay I did it
wow that was 10 I'm really rooting for
this guy
yep yep and that's all there is that's
the problem that's all it is something
else going out of the movie that would
make it interesting the the various
spoiler alert I'm about to spoil the
Martian and by the way if you see the
Marshall you know exactly what will
happen
so I hesitate to even call it a spoiler
warning sure but you know the his Matt
Damon gets left on Mars and his crew
starts sailing away and they're really
bummed about having to leave as soon as
we learn that he's still alive and that
the NASA doesn't want to tell those
astronauts everybody in the theater I
could hear them go because an hour and a
half before it happened to everyone knew
that those people were turning around to
go get me a shirt absolutely dumbest I
haven't read the book I've heard the
books good I'm seeing the book flushes
things out like a little bit more I
could see the book being really good
like taking up that personal space look
at that haircut that's hot boom that's a
reference to the 1993 original Billa
hecka says hurray for the European
stream I'm in upstate New York but hey
I'll tip you the equivalent of two euros
which is two dollars and 20 cents by the
way 20 cents more Oh
the real valence is Jay I didn't know
about getting my space cop disc signed
when I first order it ordered it if I
send you guys if I send it to you guys
with return shipping will you sign it
for me
sure sure is there's probably like a
really easy way to just send I would say
yeah just send the sleeve just send the
sleeve and there's a little private
cheaper the real they on let's put the
year what is up with the euro the
Canadian dollar isn't it super week
right now super week right now
that's unfortunate they just got a new
prime minister and some people are
really happy about their new prime
minister other people are not so happy
about the new prime minister oh so it's
like any leadership in any country very
insightful jack very insightful a
political discussion that's that's about
as deep as I'm gonna go political is
he's a liberal and so liberal people
seem to really like him that's usually
how it works conservative people don't
like him at all this is an amazing yeah
observation yeah I know why don't we
talk about politics that's why I'm so
riveting that's why
the poor Canadian space the poor
Canadian dollar is why I haven't bought
space copy yeah we've heard that before
I'm sorry do businesses in Milwaukee
still accept Canadian currency I don't
know if they ever don't think they ever
did you don't accept the currencies from
other countries do Canadian still as
accept American currency of course they
do one American dollar let me show you
around
I'm French Canadian
yes we did see that to do did you read
the the shocking Batman V Superman oh
yeah
but it's not gonna be the theatrical
release right no okay just slow whatever
the blu-ray but but they went out of
their way so for a new who doesn't know
I don't know rich Evans does not know
they of Warner Brothers announced
specifically that the blu-ray director's
cut a Batman vs Superman will be rated R
Oh which has nothing to do with how well
Deadpool but they're de planted safe
though either those are the blue of the
room and it certainly has nothing to do
with how the movie probably won't do as
well as people scholar well that's the
thing is like I know the movie was
filmed with the intention of it being
pg-13 at most because that's Man of
Steel that's the tradition of comic book
movies so I'm wondering if they just
like are digitally adding like bones
crunching to the fights for the blu-ray
release because I can't imagine it was
originally intended to be unless I mean
I guess there's the possibility they
submitted it to the MPAA it got an R
rating no it's a possibility there are
movies where that happens too well I
think it would be more likely that a cut
was submitted to Warner Brothers and
they just knowing what the MPAA would
rate it asked to tone it down if if it
is something that wasn't decided in the
wake of Deadpool let's added some
digital blood spurt yeah that's the most
likely scenario but who knows right it's
it's sad is what it is Superman the
Superman I know and love is not an
r-rated movie no there's no I mean it's
a Batman movie - and I can see Batman
working as an R I guess you know what a
Dark Knight is close to an R I mean it
looks that's a movie where I think it
probably did get an R and they
determined down because there's a couple
really awkward edits in that movie
sure like when he cuts Michael Jai why
Michael Jai White's mouth the you know I
got those scars but oh yeah yeah there's
an awkward cutaway or it completely
loses any of its impact and the pencil
bit so I think that might have been like
close to potentially getting an R and so
she turn it down but but this isn't this
isn't Dark Knight Batman this is new
Batman this is you know sure but they're
they're going off of the model of dark
grim violin but that's true that's true
let's see here
forests oh wait nope nope nope not you
van hey still says hello from Spain just
wanted to say thanks for all the hours
of entertainment you give us lol of
full-on Ebola Ebola hopefully that means
fuck my god um
the forest goblin says Jake what did you
think of this serial Sicario the kario
is talking about Sicario oh yeah it says
ser Serio is what it says I'm sorry I
thought Sicario was good I like that
director a lot mom have you seen enemy
or prisoners no you you have mentioned
that enemies like I was disappointed in
safari oh because I mean it's a fine
movie but enemy is like that's my type
of movie you think it it's it's it's
abstract and weird you can still follow
what's happening there's still a story
but it's it's a little more experimental
in sicarios very straightforward it's
good at what it does but I don't have
much of an interest in the subject
matter which is the drug cartel
it's a good movie though emily Blunt's
great in it and not at the store and
Benicio del Toro is really good right
off the bat when it's Benicio del Toro
no that's true he's always good never
not good Benicio del Toro should also
turn the screen tip announcement off
it's so annoying you assholes it's so
annoying it's so annoying ass holes no
savate row says I for one welcome our
new Trump Overlord some people who agree
with Donald Trump like him other people
who disagree with Donald Trump do not
like him that's true disgust I would say
normally things politically aren't that
black-and-white but I think when it
comes to him it is pretty much that
black and white yeah I I think it's not
a very political statement to say that
Trump is very polarizing figure just
this guy you know says J could you
please say watching you watching you
fail will give me what you humans call a
huge boner Thanks I already said it it's
in the movie you can just watch the seat
at the movie keep resuming I'm going to
fill Jeb listen you haven't had the best
showings rich so far you are playing on
commander difficulty let's see here
anonymous says thanks for the stream
question was the governor
Trump was a game show host and might be
President which of today's young
celebrities could you see as a future
politician let's see now what that's a
fair question I guess it's all fair game
at this point who's the worst was the
worst most obnoxious child star right
now that's what it would be Macaulay
Culkin he's not the worst he's five
I'm just saying like Macaulay Culkin is
who's next oh just something that random
use something that random he went from
child actor to Pizza themed Dandy
Warhols cover band
dandy whirls whatever grounds hard to
politician that's his art as a person
okay yeah that works
John kilo says 3gen kilo says this
donation is to annoy the chat I also
never would have thought that Arnold
would become a politician also a
conservative politician because Maria
Shriver is very liberal his wife they're
not married anymore
it worked out well for him his wife at
the time was very is still very liberal
and he was a conservative politician
let's see here your friendly bartender
says hey guys thanks for starting so
early 10 p.m. here in Poland quick
question
adjusted for inflation aliens cost about
39 million really that's it I'm waiting
for the question
woah no I was just taking that in
everybody take that in advance
this is what right yep does that mean
that it's only half as good as Jack and
Jill well that's that's how the quality
of a movie works is it's all about the
budget the higher the budget the better
of the movie we know this you can't
dispute facts yeah of course why would
they spend more if it wasn't gonna be
better right it's joking though that
even adjusted for an inflation the
movies that I would think it'd be higher
than that yes yeah
what was the budget for Deadpool I know
it was it was pretty
it wasn't very high it was like 60 to 80
million somewhere in there I think
something like that I know I know it was
pretty pretty low
I know reports are that Ryan Reynolds
only made 2 million on the front end
okay and he had some sort of back-end
deal I'm assuming he's got a piece of
the the box office and man that's
working out great for him yeah yeah I've
never really cared much about Ryan
Reynolds and so in this Deadpool movie
it's like I I think he's pretty good in
the movie but also just like how
passionate he was about getting it made
and then hearing that that he didn't
take much of a salary for it he just he
just was really passionate about
Deadpool you like he liked that Deadpool
character and really hated how he was
portrayed in the movie had to be that
must have been disappointing to be like
oh I'm gonna play Deadpool in this movie
oh wait what are they doing to me with
Deadpool wait why do I have lasers
coming out of my god could you imagine
you're the heartbreak yeah the
heartbreak anonymous hey guys for the
next three of rich Evans attacks can you
please give a play-by-play of his shots
in the voice and someone announcing for
professional golf sure is that guy
laying in a pool of his own shit
yes alien blood is weird colors I a Liam
blood is shit I prefer to think of it as
a shit as he shit his alien pants and
the very tight pants I just went all
over
okay so right Jenna what we have them we
have
reaches as slowly he's extracting VIP as
you can see a very important what we
have here is not too many Advent troops
a couple and got a couple sectors and of
course the Roman god of flights what
does that one come Archon are an Archon
so we have two sectors in an Archon
formidable opponents can rich Oh No Fox
we have a second Archon and two glitches
that makes two sectors to our towns to
glitches this is totally somebody rich
Evans is going to either get fucked or
getting it harder and I can't wait to
see which happens next
what
codex is this teleport motherfuckers
they're called codex yeah oh I always is
I always thought they were called
glitches that's what I've been referring
to them as
what is the character pool option I'm
seeing someone asked if we use the
character pool option you can make your
own characters put them in the character
pool and then they can show up randomly
other games oh that's me I got Bradford
once that way because he's in like a
developer room
oh okay pre-made pool no he did well oh
well I would hope so he's the he's your
right-hand man J you do know that Neal
Breen follows you on twitter right I do
I got a notification when he started
following me and it was it was the
happiest moment of my life know all the
highlights of my life happened on
Twitter now apparently cuz I solved the
Loreen Landon for maniac copying and
drive no situation thanks to the help of
of people that follow me I just saw
another brilliant Neal Breen retweet the
other day I think movie dicks retweeted
and and and his toy his tweet was not
yet for anyone that doesn't know Neal
Breen is Twitter and he doesn't know how
to use it so if someone like asked him a
question like at neoprene and asked him
a question he just tweets an answer but
not in reply to that person so it never
has any connection to anything and it's
the best so he'll just tweet about three
or four days yeah and you have no idea
what the question right my favorite is
just i retweeted where he just said no
Neal Breen is a genius and an
entrepreneur he can't be expected to
know how Twitter works
no no about an hour and a half
let's see here J who would be your dream
cameo a la patton oswalt
in the next are LM feature I don't know
there's a lot of different people for a
lot of different reasons
yeah I get more excited like I'm not
it's like the person they get starstruck
or like excited to meet celebrities or
anything there's people hmm
I get excited for more like weird people
you know sure like when max landis was
in town he mentioned that he knew the
people that played the the computer
hackers and deadliest prey and I got
very excited about that I was like
that's awesome
candy girl that candy girl true dat true
do that kind of thing I get more excited
about them like largest celebrities
which is going for the Hail Mary grenade
toss
he's a fortunate man he gets to blow up
to people oh and it's an incendiary
grenade too so that's going to the
halter and again I really you know I
would just say just anybody it's just
fun working with new people
it is especially people that that get it
mm-hmm Patton Oswalt got it immediately
oh yeah he knew what we were doing he
knows what's up I I wasn't there when
Tim Heidecker was nope he got it - yeah
yeah he knows he's just the type of
person to get it and that's yeah that's
really the type of people you wanna
instead of like where you have to
explain the joke or explain the tone of
it they just don't understand you or you
go the other out and you get someone
specifically because you know they won't
understand what you're doing like an eel
breed and that could be fun too let's
see here
November tango 19 time I got a little
behind on tips know November tango 19
says love all of you guys Jay please
stay out of Washington State my
girlfriend has stated openly that she
will leave me for your beard it's just
the beard just the beard okay I can't I
can't control what the beard does
sometimes it goes to random states on
its own I don't even know about it till
the next morning so if it makes its way
to Washington state you're screwed just
wake up and feel smooth oh my oh my god
yeah get a drunken phone call no it's
always back before I wake up oh that's
the weirdest thing how's it travel so
fast
let's see anonymous
nice to know can we comment on the tex
montana kickstarter you don't know what
that is i have no idea what their goal
is 50,000 then they're releasing the
movie to everyone yeah for free under a
Creative Commons what is it it's it's a
movie made it's old old friends of ours
they made a movie a couple years ago
called the battery okay which is a
really great zombie movie if you haven't
seen it I highly recommend it I think
it's on Hulu right now but they're
currently doing a Kickstarter for their
next movie which is it's already shot
it's already finished and instead of
going the route of submitted to film
festivals and getting a distributor and
that whole thing that takes years and
years and years yeah you don't make any
money for years and years and years
they're doing a Kickstarter to just
release it right now under Creative
Commons and then it's the three on
YouTube on torrents everywhere
completely for free
oh and having the money all at once
right upfront will allow them more time
to time and money to get away from their
day job to make another movie so that's
what they're coming they're pretty close
I think they'll make it but they're
super talented guys so I think that's a
I think that's the way to do it if you
are doing a crowdfunding movie thing
just say once the movies made everyone
can watch it yeah I think that's that's
the smart way to go about that I have
very mixed complicated feelings about
Kickstarter but this is an interesting
use of it and I'm sure the movies gonna
be really funny because those guys are
hilarious no batteries not hilarious
because it's not a comedy that's funny
moment but it's a really good movie
mm-hmm also Jake can you comment on
Torgo and the quest for fuck oh that's
the text Montana guys are in then that's
the thing we made a no-tell room at a
film festival once and it's horrible
how do people track down these things
they find this stuff
the internet does not forget yeah if it
was ever on the internet people know
about it mm-hmm let's see here we talked
about this a little bit of Benjy builder
Minh says guys how do you feel about the
fair use battle being fought on YouTube
at the moment
the Nostalgia Critic even started a
hashtag about it well then the problem
solved that's how you solve problems as
with hashtag start a trending hashtag
and you got yourself a victory I'm sorry
to be snide it's yeah it's a hashtag
several raise awareness I get it yeah we
I think we've talked about this before
I'll start with this one which is I
don't care we and you know previously
recorded has been hit with a metric
fuckton of copyright claims some of them
valid some of them not I would prefer
working within the system because I
remember what it was like before YouTube
I remember what it was like embedding a
you know 140 by 58 pixel video a real
player on your web page Oh real player
yeah I still have a folder of all my old
real player videos from the olden days
YouTube and they can do whatever the
hell they want fair use does not apply
to YouTube but like I don't care if it's
in YouTube's User Agreement or whatnot
YouTube can and does take down any video
it wants because it can it's a private
business
yeah no one no one's gonna deny that
there's their copyright system is fucked
I just thought it was funny cuz your gun
is right up in his face and it was 99%
you still missed oh yeah no I know no
one's gonna deny its fucked up but as
you said it's a private business and
they can do what they want plus a lot of
people that I've seen that try to use
the fair use claim don't fully
understand fair use uh-huh I mean I'm
not gonna like I'm not gonna like shit
on anybody but I'm just saying in
general people like to use that as a
blanket statement when it doesn't always
apply but they use it because it
directly affects them agree you know
agreed the the the real problem as I see
it is YouTube has been it we have a
vicious cycle happening right now where
when YouTube switched over to ads their
ads weren't great and they were a little
intrusive and what happened was the user
base reacted to that by switching to ad
blockers
well fuck exactly exactly and then what
happens when you are a viewer using ad
blocker you no longer count in the
YouTube system and so YouTube kind of
doubled down and decided with all the
claimants and sided with the big
corporations who are paying them to run
those ads instead of say siding with the
viewers who are using ad blockers which
makes perfect sense from a business
standpoint
and I know what you think but what about
the content creators don't they factor
into this formula and I hope you're
ready for a big shocker because we don't
content creators are the most expendable
interchangeable part of the YouTube
system for every amazing video
discussing and breaking down a movie
there are there's a cat video that gets
ten times the views there's a music
video that gets a hundred times good we
mean nothing to YouTube and we're
replaceable we're expendable so that's
why we don't factor and we get lost in
the shuffle
from corporations and users using
adblock and that's why the whole system
as far as like copyright claims and
stuff go is automated because YouTube
cares so little it's like the the bots
picks something up and they flag it you
could be upset about it because it does
suck and it's a fucked up system but no
one left behind but that's just the way
it is it is it is the way it is and I
want a better system and I really think
that in order to get a better system we
need the majority of users to ditch
adblock so we can use those metrics to
creators favors but I don't see that I
don't see that happening cuz once people
get something for free they that's all
they wanted they wanted for free from
now on even time like you know I'm not
spending 30 seconds watching it and that
I want to watch this video now maybe
there'll be a better system one of these
days it's a it's a complicated system
and a complicated problem that is kind
of being reduced to something overly
simplistic yeah it's something
discussion that's been going on lately
mmm-hmm that's a good way to put it
that's
that's it the the the general moral of
the story is if you want to actually
argue fair use you need to buy your buy
and maintain your own server and host
your own videos on that server then you
can do whatever you want you can put up
any video you want there you can deal
with all of the copyright claims if your
own lawyers oh wait do you see things
you see the problem sorry I'm very
behind on tips this is something that
I'm passionate about
I'll be right back I think
sabore eh cases Jack arrow question ID
I'm with you are you really
I'm with you I watch the arrow were you
as embarrassed as I was by the warehouse
in season 3 that they tried to pretend
was Hong Kong I you just can't be
surprised by their poor production
values sure the warehouse is the Hong
Kong nope now they're on an island in
the middle of the Pacific it doesn't
matter it's poor production value all
around it's TV it's TV
exactly it's all power for the course
it's be nobody really gives a shit about
the arrow yeah yes who is the arrow I
don't know
arrow of the green arrow the green arrow
oh but this show is just called arrow
the show she's called arrow okay there
there was he's ironically a lamer
Hawkeye despite the fact that green
arrow came first okay
he's a he's a lamer version of Hawkeye
and Batman literally in the show B era
season one was a ripoff of Batman Begins
in which a terrorist organization wanted
to level his city to to end the greed
and corruption and whatnot and he tried
to stop that is the exact same plot and
the characters is a ripoff of Batman he
was a millionaire playboy who fights
crime in a costume by night and E and is
upset because his parents died yes
it got even more absurd with the batman
mirrors when in season two met he was
married to the daughter of Ra's al Ghul
and was slated to take over the League
of Assassins just like what happened in
Batman it's so lame watch
I hate watch it boots P says can you
lower the tip notification volume or get
your mics up please it's painful to
listen to you right now yes can we do
something about that
yeah can you alt tab we'll check on that
I will check on that right now it's B
give me one moment I go to your mixer my
battery's running a little yeah there
you go yeah perfect alright from now on
the tip notification should be lowered
sorry but tell us if it's not lowered
yeah it should I want to know I don't
know I don't know if that method works I
am skeptical I think last time it did
but we'll double check again okay let's
say here clever Leeson says hello guys
thanks for broadcasting in my time zone
rich got me into XCOM one when i watched
a really early stream long ago and so
XCOM to to keep it up assholes that's
all thank you I'm glad glad to spread
the love love and pain I lost I lost my
psychic my only psychic oh that is her
first mission oh that's always a shame
yeah I went out when I got my first
psychic I gave her like all of the armor
and all of the best weapons just cuz
like I didn't even know what her powers
did and it's just like I just want to
know what they do I had a shot at an
alien but like I also could have just
used my regular gun it's like do I use
her special powers what if I don't kill
the alien and she dies but then I'll
never know what her powers do cuz I'll
just use the gun it's great
they're on the roof course around there
if that's the place to be um let's see
oh sorry where am I
crobat five five can you please turn
down the donation alert volume it's
obnoxiously loud and many people are
complaining about it in the chat yes
we've turned it down clicking click says
oh my god and clicky click says another
one there you go that sounds
significantly quieter to us chat was
that quieter to you which is the
important thing is the important
November tango 19 says I just want to
say how wrong you guys are about the
green arrow
who's fucking awesome and how Hawkeye is
as boring and b-list as the actor that
plays him oh oh
jeremy renner dis come on you didn't
love him in National Lampoon's senior
trip Oh everybody's saying much quieter
much better much better
great there you go sorry about that
everybody
it must have defaulted back to normal
volume when the computer restarted we
will remember to do that from now on now
it's perfect people are even saying it's
too quiet now which is ridiculous yeah
it's fine no you know what here's here's
the thing about the green arrow here's
the perfect the perfect example of why
it's such a lame show so hee-hee in
season when he comes back to his city
how many seasons is open on I think it's
in its third ok maybe even fourth oh my
god I just watch it I don't know he
comes back in he and he he's the
vigilante like you know they haven't
given him his nickname yet right he's
just the vigilante oh we got to stop
that vigilante he's killing people and
then he like rebrands himself and even
though he doesn't wear anything
different and he still fights crime with
a bow and arrow they start calling him
the hood and the arrow right ok it's
like ok now he's the hood now zero but
then he has to like really reinvent
himself so he's no longer the vigilante
he's no longer the arrow and he gives a
press conference
as the arrow with his robin hood hood
yeah and everything and he says the the
I am the arrow no longer I am here to
protect this city I will now be known as
the Green Arrow I'm not the arrow
anymore I added a color I'm the green
arrow and that's different fucking lame
fucking lame
gobbledygook awesome early euro stream
thanks guys did you know the Green Arrow
is a playable character in DC Universe
Online for the ps4 it's free fucks you
always get us with that get you baby I
expected I like it I never I never
remember that that a DC Universe Online
for the ps4 is free he fucks you've been
trying to get us to play that game for a
while okay I just don't I don't I don't
think it's gonna happen as a fighter
game it's like a it's like a superhero
MMO Multi open-world massively online
multiplayer game it's a thing it's a
thing it's a thing pardon me um
extremely ordinary Stephane or Stefan
hey guys rich you already talked about
your love of for preacher but what are
your thoughts on trans Metro Politan
never read it probably should know and
now they say next to preacher it's one
of my favorite books of all times
greetings from Germany from German
wouldn't talk we are from Germany and we
used to have a wall and now we don't
anymore
and I had two years of German yeah
that's cool yeah all I remember is good
and Doug who does I can see fine home
which I won't call yes fine who not a go
it's a dirty word not by our standards
okay pig dog calling somebody picked on
you capital e both mobile animals in my
opinion there's a lot worse things you
can call someone than a combination of a
pig and a dog nah you have a capitalist
Pig pig dog yeah you don't need to watch
you don't need to I'm in reading the
chat you don't need to watch the arrow
to enjoy the flash and I think the flash
isn't actually a good show it's still a
little cheesy but it's it's comfortable
with its cheese and I think that's
really important you know it's a little
lighter tones not trying to be grander
than its budget allows exactly
it's fun I want to say this week's
episode which I haven't seen yet they
are literally fighting a street shark
did you remember the street shark I do
yeah there's a character in the DC
Universe that is essentially a street
shark okay and the flash is fighting him
and I gotta love that but you don't have
to watch street sharks
was it a cartoon first or a toy line
first Street sharks yeah toy line first
I think they made the cartoon I've never
heard of street sharks it was a 90 hey
lend of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle
Creek very tail end yeah they tried to
make a bunch of those shows that like
we're just ap like a mutant he made
something there was a hamster one I run
a biker mice from well that's not saying
I'm not hamsters biker mice from mars
yeah yeah biker mice from mars they
turned the toxic avenger into a Saturday
morning cartoon one of the most violent
disgusting movies of the 80s the 80s
were great where a child gets his head
crushed by a car Hey look they made a
movie of that cartoon I love hey can we
rent it I love it's based off of a
cartoon oh yeah they tried to turn the
toxic avenger into a Ninja Turtles type
thing you had a whole team of
friends with him welcome to having an
r-rating you have a big deal kids can't
see this I saw Robocop in the theater I
was fine I fucking loved it yeah look
how many times that guy got shot
this is did you see that guy belt the
only thing that really fucked me up in
that movie was the the toxic waste
melting man that was great it was great
I loved it but that was still like
freaked out by us but the rest of the
violins in that movie I don't remember
really bothering me all that much as a
kid
hmm toxic avenger bothered me more it's
not as violent of a movie overall but
the violence was creepier and weirder
like the idea and it was supposed to be
a comedy which I didn't get because I
was like how can it be a comedy when
there's all this gore that movie really
fucked with my brain wait toxic revenger
yeah yeah I thought I thought for some
reason I thought you're still in Robocop
who knows I don't know I understood
Robocop was like very supposed to be a
cop is that supposed to be a comedy but
it's tongue-in-cheek and hilarious right
for all of my issues being affected
horribly by violence was not in one of
them I go out of my way I got out of my
way not to step on ants mmm and I think
both of you have seen me catch bugs and
like Cub yeah and let them go outside
rather than squish the bug but that's
weird but I'm not somebody who takes
sick pleasure in violence because I
watched r-rated movies right you're not
like say exploding varmints for fun
problem right right agreed
uncool aid man question for Jo an
important question that we have not yet
resolved today Jay have you see no I
haven't seen the witch yet we haven't
stood up yet so you haven't been able to
I haven't announced yet ever seen the
witch add I really want to it looks
right up my alley it looks like my type
of horror movie but I haven't had a
chance to see it okay hopefully later
this week
that wasn't a clap but that was me like
brushing my hands because he did a good
job
yep ah took care of that yeah he did a
good job there a gentleman you lost a
guy but you know you're playing on the
hon on a Hard difficulty
I love oh this is the guy oh he's not
gonna talk he said he said something
like oh I just wanted J to hear his
voice commander this month you've been
mediocre the council is proposing we
terminate your employment
commander helm or uh Biff meat slab Jay
the Twin Peaks book written by Mark
Frost that leads up to the next season
is up for pre-order are you gonna check
it out or just wait for the show
salutations from Arizona I II don't know
I haven't read much about what the book
is about as far as if it's trying to
catch you up to speed and what has
happened in the last 20 years or
whatever so I have to find out what
exactly the book is about first before I
decide if I want to read it before
watching the show my first instinct is
to just wait for the show but like I'm
not even looked into the book too much
so I don't know what it's about
No well there you go tip eunice did i
miss a tip somebody said you didn't read
somebody's to it but it might have been
her - oh it was a little one but you
guys might not know the tip rule usually
we we only read the tips if it's two
dollars or more they don't find a way to
say - not like alert or something now I
know and what else there's a lot of
things we got to do under - here's a
little something for dick and the boys
quick question as an aspiring George
Lucas I'd like to ask where my boy
Richard got the beard for his classic
George cosplay thanks for all the last
guys I didn't buy the beard so I got the
beard it was just at a costume shop in
Milwaukee does it have a name is it
about because it's like a greaser beer
or something or oh no that was the wig
the wig is like a greaser wig that we
spray-painted gray and the beard is just
a beard from a costume shop they have
nice beard like you know it's not one of
those like elastic back beard no no you
have to glue it on with spirit gum and
it's a good it's a quality fake beard
yeah not top of the line but right in
the middle if you had a cheapo a costume
store or a hollow you have to go some
we're a little above a Halloween store
yeah you don't want to go to like Bart
says party supply or a place like that
don't even know if Bart's as a regional
I don't even know if that's a nationwide
thing but did you go to Miller in
Campbell yeah yeah you got I got another
quality costume shop or something
important we should bring up something
important we should bring up we have an
email address that people are going to
send questions to right oh yes yeah go
ahead what what is going on is we are
actually going to have an interview with
some of the devs of XCOM to the who is
it the lead producer lead producer and
lead art oh yeah give me give me for
sure who it is because I just I just
found out before we stream so I don't
remember who it was yet Greg and gara
gara and Gauri little Greg and Garth
from praxis game they are
yeah not Gareth Garth okay okay Greg and
Garth from Firaxis games Greg is the
lead producer Garth is the lead art
director we are going to interview them
because of their involvement in X come
to and if you guys would like to ask
them a question either tweet at us at
previously rec and we'll write them down
or email us prereq at red letter media
calm and I'll send out a tweet the day
of to get more questions but a thanks to
our good friend Kevin over at Firaxis
hooked us up with an interview we're
very excited to talk to them rich is
very rich has some hard questions we're
gonna demand answers no I know what's
gonna happens we're gonna do the
interview and I'm just gonna I'm gonna
be a totally blank out and it's gonna be
sitting there awkwardly for like 20
minutes before we think say anything and
it's gonna be like idle chitchat and
it's gonna be the worst thing ever
that's everything everybody involved is
going to regret it
yep Ricky's gonna back
it's gonna be fine so if you have any
questions that you would like asked to
ask the developers send us an email or
tweet and we will make sure we do so
maybe if it's a good question how big is
your cock we're probably not going to
ask that question probably why do you
suck so much oh yeah I do want to ask
them you know because a big thing about
this game as compared to the first one
is these timed missions you know the
countdown timer right and one of the
most popular mods for the game is
removing the countdown timer so I'd love
to ask them just as a game developer
this is something you thought was
important to the game but people don't
like it and you know how do you react to
something like that how's them how does
that make you feel that's a good
question yeah I like that you like that
quiz I like that question I'm excited
I'm excited to pick their brain a little
bit I even wrote a theme song know you
can think it now cuz it won't be um you
know because the theme song has been
vetoed bye bye bye everybody
people who haven't even heard it yet or
like nope I thought it was a good theme
song I thought we'd have like a little
fun intro yeah and go doo-doo-doo-doo
Jack and Rich talk about games with the
people who make the games and like it
would kind of end a little awkwardly
I thought that it would be a really
funny and quirky little theme song rich
and and Jay did not like it Jack and
rich talk about games with people who
make their games dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun anyway
hmm anyway anonymous says Jay are you a
fan of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
uh yeah I don't watch it regularly but
they're on so I'll watch an episode or
two on Netflix it's not a show you can
binge watch have you ever watched it of
course cuz it gets a little tiresome
after like two episodes cause it's just
like them constantly yelling at each
other and flag it up it's fun in small
doses it's always funny but I agree yeah
you can't you can't watch it too many in
a row or it gets tiring but I like it
yeah upgrade oh my god what is the
upgraded Scilab oh it's two hundred and
twenty-five supplies to finish that
thought Guillermo del Toro was in last
week's episode as pappy mcpoyle
guillermo del toro that's interesting
it's a great show great show and the
people involved are great yeah well then
the show start like they just shot their
own pilot yep like for free hmm like
that's great they just it was just
something they wanted to make they're
also like the ones that shoot the show
yeah yeah they're all involved
creatively mm-hmm that's great good for
them good for them anonymous says here's
two pounds longtime prereq viewer but my
first live stream or gyro friendly
streams please lol song minguk cook
thanks anonymous we should make this a
regular thing yeah as many people ask
for it maybe a monthly some sort of
monthly euro req
I'd say Sunday's are generally better as
far as other things going on sure in
terms of having earlier streams yeah but
in general but then like you know
competing with like American football
but the Europeans won't oh yeah they
wouldn't care anyway there you go done
Don lost in technicolor says thanks for
the Euro friendly stream I can finally
watch from Waco Texas in Central Europe
what Jay I just watched room it was
great room is great
I thought the revenant was an emotional
experience not anymore
okay as compared to room yeah room is a
much better movie dramatically different
type of movie of course but I yeah I was
surprised by how much I liked room
that's people people like my fee I've
not not many but I've seen a couple
people like my theme song I'm sure it
was out of pity I'm sure was out of pity
do-do-do-do-do-do with therapy I all day
all day last week yep yep oh yeah the
room that's the problem with the movie
room it sounds just like the room that's
exactly the problem whenever you say
room people are gonna think of Tommy was
so movie yeah Reiner enjoying the banter
fellas keep it up I'm going to be
getting some friends together to watch
space cop soon looking forward to it I
find that the space cop is best if
viewed alone mostly drunk you need to be
mostly drunk kind of sleepy viewed alone
kind of sleepy that's the optimal space
cop doing blindfold with earplugs that's
the way you should watch yes that's how
I plan on watching Batman versus super
bad I'm sure I'll enjoy it much more
that way Batman vs Superman
I think the the real problem I'm gonna
have with that is right before I go see
Batman vs Superman I am gonna feel the
need to rewatch Man of Steel well no no
I have no interest in rewatching it I've
no interest in are you watching it but I
will feel a need to why what's
complicated plot elements do you need to
remind yourself of well in more so to
give Batman vs Superman the benefit of
the doubt perhaps perhaps tying it all
together is exactly what it needs I know
that's the idea behind it right right
rich is right rich is right yeah cuz
this isn't it during like the big fight
in the city at the end of Man of Steel
Batman's in the city at the time some
shit and Wayne tech in Metropolis loses
so many that's as the driving force I'm
gonna kill it
I'm gonna breed the funny thing is I've
seen people try and say that that was
their plan all along
nope nope not even close
don't be a head of steel with a surprise
hit I mean I think people probably
assume it would do well but it did
really well yeah they're like oh shit
let's rush into Justice League movie
atrophic Batman and the next Superman
movie that's their whole problem is
they've been did tried to rush to answer
what Marvel is dude that Man of Steel
Avengers was a surprise it know Man of
Steel what does Avengers have to do with
anything I think the if if Man of Steel
Avengers was a big hit Man of Steel was
a bigger hit than they were expecting so
they said shit we gotta follow the form
of the Avengers we're oh we have to
immediately rush into our superhero team
movie right but I don't I don't think
Batman vs Superman was a reaction of Man
of Steel success because if it was just
Man of Steel was a success they would
have just made another Superman movie
well no but they wanted to make another
Superman was their first big hit out of
these they've been trying to do a DC
stop right since it was such a big hit
they wanted to immediately rush to like
a team-up movie that would lead into an
Avengers type group movie sure but I but
I think that was a direct reaction to
Avengers not necessarily Man of Steel as
I guess my
or manage you say it's their first big
hit isn't it was the only one everything
the only the only Disney movies before
that were thee with a dark night which
did a lot better sure then Man of Steel
yeah but that that chapter is over now
we're talking sure they're trying to
start something new with Man of Steel
they should have done Man of Steel do a
standalone Batman movie establish your
characters like Marvel was doing but
instead they're like we gotta rush into
a Batman movie and put him in saran and
then we'll get the Justice League movie
right away I think it was a planned rush
from the get-go we'll do a Superman wand
then we'll do the Justice League oh man
I don't know that it was a surprise
because the Man of Steel is a big hit
because that was the first attempt at
this you're right I don't think there
was any talk of doing like a Justice
League movie before I'm sure they're
right again everyone was watching Marvel
cranking out money yeah I'm sure that's
what they intended and they were going
to rush into it yeah I guess regardless
of the the way things went the the point
is that they were always rushing
everything the mark instead of taking
their time and doing the the slow and
steady Marvel route they just rushed
into everything that everyone can agree
on am I am I wrong I'm thinking that
Marvel built momentum relatively slowly
and Oh Iron Man was a smash head yeah
but like whether you like the first
Captain America movie and the first Thor
movie were they with a huge they yeah I
mean they're all big enough hits let him
keep going but they they did it slowly
because they weren't expecting Iron Man
to do well yeah Iron Man is the real
surprise but the thing yeah Iron Man was
a huge hit they didn't immediately rush
into an Avengers movie right they still
took their time and tried to build up
all the characters they formulated a
plan right they even and that plan has
been working for them as opposed to what
they're doing with the DC movies and our
one is worried about Batman vs Superman
not doing well so they're pushing back
the Justice League movie you know maybe
we should do a standalone Batman movie
Batman vs Superman are predicting no
we're certainly a good r-rated DVD
already DVD yeah that's what it's so
true because various
I haven't seen them in 15 years
Oh Marvel seems to be doing it thinking
whatever what I think I think our girls
and they're coming about Wonder Woman's
in it Wonder Woman's in Wonder and
Wonder Woman gets her own movie right
away go yeah it's so obvious it's so
transparent let's see here um read my
letter says can you please ask rich to
replicate the nasal noise he made in the
latest we love the worst it's for my
friend Erik oh and Giovanni who haven't
stopped talking about it since just me
talking yeah your voice is a nasal noise
read my letter you might need to be a
little more specific I'll check for your
name in the chat so you might not -
nasal noise context was going on Shakti
bowel has a very important question what
is that small child doing on cam I don't
know we let him in that's a real I do
what I want
wait I saw that please Jack please
mention UFO game series to rich he must
check it out it's basically real-time X
comments amazing real-time I don't know
they were real time I've heard of it
I know they're real time if it's real
time I can go fuck itself rich does not
like real time strategy
he likes turn-based he likes taking his
time planning his attacks all that fun
stuff
Beauty boom I hear ya
I'm still looking for a read my letter
you've actually just successfully turned
me off of the UFO series read my letter
says Matt Matt make me did you do
anything like that oh wait you know
there's the part when they're trying to
make noises with their nose oh that's
that yeah yeah oh there you go read it
glad we could help
alright let's see here count
ESCO says hey what are your opinions on
modern high quality TV shows like Fargo
Fargo is the best it's the best show
Fargo is the best show relatively
speaking I think TVs more entertaining
than movies yeah the problem is there's
so much there's so much like every
there's so many TV shows that people say
are like great now and better than you
know what's in theaters because you can
take your time and you know have a story
play out over a longer period of time
and flesh out the characters but there's
so much of it like I still haven't
watched Mad Men mm-hm I haven't got back
the Breaking Bad yet there's too much
alright but I guess it's a good thing
there's more like options to choose from
than there used to be in the olden days
of TV well and now we you get stuff like
you know Netflix and Amazon Prime and
Hulu where if you want to just binge on
a back catalogue of something you have
that opportunity right far I personally
think that Fargo season 1 is better than
season 2 I know
fire season 2 is the best many people
the best angry with me but Fargo
brilliant yeah
also fuck y'all from Finland says count
ESCO let's see here Anonymous has a very
important question hey hey hee hee I
make poo-poos and peepees 1 comes out
the front one comes out the back for
both we wipe and flush but for 1 we will
wipe a little more that is a very true
yeah and comical statement whoever said
that originally must be very funny sick
said do you guys play hearthstone it's a
children's card game that you win by
basic arithmetic and total luck
it's very streamable also what yeah no
we neither of us play hearthstone I know
many people do stream it and enjoy it
but rich and I do not play that game we
also personally have no strong feelings
about it pro or con rich no feelings at
all there we go done also what did the
kid oh that was nasty
also what did the kid want with water
dog got hit by a fucking car what I
think that's from the top dog review
I think we've released a lot of videos
everyone so I'll see comment or
something I'll tweet at me something
related to like a video from three years
ago and I'm like what is the context of
this right let's see here what do you
guys think of gal Skeletor Godot playing
Wonder Woman has she been in anything
else I don't know anything about her she
looks like Wonder Woman
all life scene is what's in that trailer
and she looks fine yeah I don't know
where you getting Skeletor for I know
nothing about her she looks like Wonder
Woman
is also you should know that Wonder
Woman is a fictional character so you
know you
have her look like different things
that's true depending on which artist
draws her which actress plays her mm-hmm
I asked alga doges acted in anything
else I don't know anything about her I
don't know anything about gal gadot I'm
gonna Google her right now that was the
case with Superman
- but what's-his-face the guy who plays
Superman now Henry Cavill you'll know he
knew who the fuck he was there you go
Henrique available now he's Superman
Brandon Rawe the old Superman yeah now
plays a superhero on a d-list CW
superhero show Wow legends of tomorrow
so that all worked out for him he's
still working he was fine a Superman
uses the Lisa that movies problems oh
fuck okay
go all right I don't want to sign up for
IMDB Pro how do I close this how do I
close this you don't apparently I don't
by the way
gal gadot is an Israeli actress and
model she was born and rush how young
young Israel that's not accurate she's
been in some fast and furious movies
oh she was apparently Furious 7 Furious
6 Fast Five Furious 9 which one did we
see we did one for the show I think it
was 7 she's in that one I don't remember
her do you know Gisele - my fridge is L
from Furious 7 I don't know these people
I remember Michelle Rodriguez I think
she was in it Michelle Rodriguez no
she's in some of them I remember nothing
about Furious 7 if you can remember k
but I remember it if you're gonna
remember gizelle that's gal gadot
superior conditioning I think she looks
like an attractive lady the only thing I
remember Furious 7 is when the rock
flexed his cast off he was barely in the
movie of assuming because he had other
projects going on or whatever so he gets
injured at the beginning isn't the
hospital through the whole movie and
then at the end they come back to him in
the hospital he's got a cast on and he
knows the team needs his help so he
flexes his cast off and leaves the
hospital that sounds awesome it's kind
of amazing
he sounds like great films yep vii was
entertaining I know the first the first
few are like generic action movies and
then they started to get a little silly
with it yeah but the only one I've seen
is 7
I think it's 7 if that's what we did for
the show whatever what it was
I'm very invested in that series for

[Part II]
but I'm very invested in that series for
pry the magician you're absolutely right
Batman vs Superman is going to be a
literal clusterfuck they only have time
to introduce these characters for like
five minutes before they all have to
fight that's listen that's gonna be the
least of the movies clusterfuck e
problems probably should just focused on
Batman and Superman
or you know focused on Batman in a
different movie and brought them
together so then we know him when we go
into a Batman Superman movie wouldn't it
be amazing if we had all sorts of Batman
backstory in our brain when we watch the
Batman vs. Superman movie well the
problem with that so many Batman reboots
yeah there's so many I think they maybe
they partially wanted to avoid the fact
that there would be rebooting Batman
again but they're already rebooting
Batman again in the movie you know I
don't know there's no good answer
the problem is everybody knows Batman at
this point yeah so you don't necessarily
need his backstory again but this is a
new Batman you know it's the first time
we're seeing in this role in this Batman
universe apparently there was a Robin
who's dead oh really
the in the trailer you see a Robin suit
with like Joker writing on it this is
that man for that has like a crazy
backstory which I'm sure is good well
the movie is two and a half hours long
they've got plenty of time there you go
only the last two hours we'll be
punching the only plenty of extra time
for backstory punching punching dick
punch let's see here November tango 19
on the note of TV what's your opinion on
Vikings on History Channel I love it but
I feel as though the episodes drag on a
bit and the action is poorly paced have
you seen Viking I have not seen Vikings
but I believe that's to show the gym
from Canada works on or did work on yes
but I've never watched it I also I think
that is one that's actually like written
and acted by actual historians okay so
it's boring is what your snotty I hear
very good things about not if it's done
by historians I'm sure it's boring
Jim's involved so it's got to be good
I'm sure the visual effects are amazing
but I have not watched the show they go
let's see here
hey dudes has J seen good night mommy I
have I was horribly disappointed bye
good night mommy
the trailer was the greatest thing that
sounds like a children's book no it's
like a creepy horror
it's Animus tree and horror yeah that's
an Austrian or movie and it's I the
problem is I figured out the twist in
the first five minutes
uh-huh which made the rest of the movie
boring and it lacked any sort of tension
so it looked great I was really
impressed by the trailer I thought it
was gonna be this creepy slow-moving
atmospheric thing and I it didn't work
for me
there's like a 10-minute stretch when
the kids have the mom tied up to the bed
that I thought was kind of tense and
unsettling but that was it so I was
disappointed unfortunately I was looking
forward to it
that's too bad when you when you when
you get a head of the filmmaker yeah
well especially because there's this
part in the trailer where it's
manipulating what actually happens in
the movie in the trailer it looks like
the moms in bed and a little cockroach
crawls up by your mouth and then she
eats it that's the way it looks in the
trailer it looks like the bomb eats this
cockroach but in the movie that doesn't
happen at all it's two completely
different scenes that they put together
to make it look like the mom is eating a
cockroach the mom doesn't eat the
cockroach and I was horribly
disappointed by that that's such a J's
day I wouldn't be disappointed if the
trailer didn't make it look like the mom
eats the cockroach right also one of the
recommend 45 years I swear it's not a
grandma movie do you know if have you
heard of 45 I think it's the one we
mentioned on this last half of the bag
that I say I don't know what the fuck
that is it's recommended by someone who
wants to know about good night mummy
okay I will look into it
one small ball says that scene with the
rock was nothing I flexed my cast off
when I had my circumcision
that's you you was unrelated though he
had a cast on his arm so it was kind of
weird a lot of people have a lot of
things to say at this I can hear that
yeah
rich yes says bad green gamer the
answer's no if you were to get a
beginners Warhammer 40k set as a gift
would you like them pre-painted just to
play the tabletop game or would you like
to paint them yourself yeah okay I know
I would do a terrible job so pre-painted
I can always repaint them I didn't like
it that's true oh pardon me tortured
biscuit hey guys nice playing rich thank
you thank you have you guys seen the
raid movies
I'm just curious cuz you never talk
about martial arts movies and they're
definitely the best recent ones uh yeah
I keep hearing how great those raid
movies are and I have not watched them
they're on my list it's high on my list
yeah there's supposed to be great yep I
really want to see raid and I really
want to see attack the block I didn't
care much for attack the block a lot of
people love that movie
yeah I've ever heard I've heard a lot of
good things about that III didn't think
it was it's it's sort of like a sci-fi
action II comedy but I didn't feel like
any of those elements were strong enough
so just kind of was muddled for me okay
a lot of people love that movie though
mmhmm yeah the raid supposed to be good
I know I know the dread was like
inspired a lot by I don't think it was
inspired I think it was a coincidence
that they both came out around the same
time and they both take place almost
completely in an apartment building Oh
was that that's as far as I know that's
the only real connection oh okay but I
remember when dread came out yeah a lot
of people were saying this is similar to
the raid but oh and I took that to mean
it was inspired vibe no I don't think
there's any similarities other than the
fact that they both take place almost
completely in though one building well
then there you go
as far as I know there you go Jay Texas
Chainsaw 2
equals best sequel canon ever made yes
it's one of my favorite Canon movies
period I love Texas Chainsaw Massacre -
yeah well there you go the shout factory
artwork also looks great
yep I got that oh no I don't have that
shelf factory I have the arrow blu-ray
of the UK blu-ray which I don't think
I'll buy at the screen factory one just
because I don't think it'll top that
arrow release oh my god need some water
we need many things many things in life
and what my sparkly water
it's Baikal's it's spiked of water whoo
oh here's a new question has the witch
seen Jay yet the answer is I don't know
I hope not because that would be super
spooky the fuck probably dreaming long
enough to stand up let's start our
stand-up timer now I just got up wake up
okay I'm gonna stand up again stretch it
out stretch it out bitch bitch
start my day that timer now okay I'm
gonna start my new stand-up timer now
we're gonna call that an hour
all right and just as a reminder I have
not seen the witch yet okay it's been
five seconds have you seen the wish yeah
I know the movies probably longer than
five seconds I just watched it on my
phone jack and his standing fetish I do
I have a stand I'm sexually attracted to
standing up executed yes unnatural you
got to shut down that network rich oh
maybe not that's all the way I'm fuckin
up there and then where's my hammer no
it's right there it's in the Train turn
and a half to polish it off do you have
to get a hacker there just someone close
wait
I'm getting there I'm getting there
you're getting behind I'm getting behind
let's see here it's in there and checks
it ain't check this mascot - hey Jack
rich J thank you so much for introducing
me - they might be giants ah I listen to
flood while at work last night and
couldn't help but smile yeah that's
great
They Might Be Giants is brilliantly yeah
can you talk about how flood isn't their
best album again after after after rich
was like flood is the only thing that
matters I went I I'm a huge they might
be Giants fan I have every single one of
their albums and after rich made the
preposterous claim that flood was the
only matte album that mattered I
listened to all their albums say the
only one the best by far by far their
best I've come to the conclusion that
every single day Might Be Giants album
is their best for different reasons
oh my god rich that was painful yeah in
truth I would argue that factory
showroom is their best what songs are on
that one s/he XXY New York City okay
exquisite Dead Guy oh yeah we've got
amongst my favorites XTC versus Adam Ant
I can hear you the one that they
recorded at the Edison Museum live an
amazing amazing yeah that's a good album
and by the way speaking of on Sunday
someone mentioned that they this tour
that they might be giant is on might be
their last I have confirmed that oh
really
they have not said stated for sure but
they're saying they think this is their
last tour and they're coming to Turner
hall oh okay I immediately bought to the
next month in fact oh wow okay so they
will be at Turner hall which would be an
amazing
a little bit on the expensive there like
30 bucks 30 bucks for in for Turner hall
that's kind of expensive but to see they
might be giants one more time before
they're all through easy maybe I can
drag carry them for that you need to do
you mean I mean you if you have if
you've never seen them live you should
yeah I got a chance to see them at a
small venue in Madison close to 16 years
ago and I'm gonna bring the shoe that
John Landsberg signed to Turner hall to
see if I fly now is signing 30 well 30
$30 isn't expensive for most venues but
Turner halls kind of a smaller venue
it's standing room only so there's no
assigned seats so I mean I think $30 is
expensive it depends on the concert and
depends on the venue yeah I mean there's
a yeah yeah I think that would be theirs
now some US states announced for John
Carpenter the closest he's coming to
here is Detroit okay and tickets are
like 80 bucks
Oh something like that 70 bucks 80 bucks
I'm just like that would be a once once
in a lifetime thing yeah like cuz he's
older I doubt he would to were much more
after this I guess it's possible but
Detroit's a bit of a drive and Detroit's
like six hours from here yeah cuz you
got to go around the lake yeah so that's
that's it's in July I think so I don't
know if I can justify it as much as I as
I would like to if Chicago no question
of course even even like and I would pay
80 bucks for Chicago but even lucky
bucks in Detroit having to drive there
and you'd have to get a hotel the whole
thing even if it was the Twin Cities and
that's like a five hour drive to that's
more of a straight shot than Detroit
yeah well I am the twin city is a nicer
to visit that I'm sure Detroit is
fucking Detroit Detroit but I mean to
see him live I know I know it's tempting
it is
but so I bought I bought a couple
tickets today might be Giants because
it's there it's possibly their last two
are they are important to me like and as
far as best albums concerned like their
self-titled their first album was so
weird
you can't even how can like that album
should not exist it's the strangest
thing so important or like am I thinking
of is it is it john henry with like anna
Inge and snail shell like kind of more
more straight-up rockin they might be
giants everything they do is amazing I
don't know any I like I know a lot of
their songs but I don't know any albums
like I'm bad with albums I've heard all
these miscellaneous songs sure I'm like
mixes and stuff so it's you know I only
know just because they are my favorite
band like Apollo 8 everyone needs to own
Apollo 18 everyone needs to have Apollo
18 in their music collection just for
shuffle because the end of Apollo 18 is
the fingertips montage where it is 15 3
second songs oh yeah and it's it's crazy
it's done and you need that in your
shuffle just so when you're shuffling
through music every once in a while if
three seconds they will pop up and put a
smile on your face they're playing at
Turner it's a good venue for them good
oh they might be joints
oh my god if they might be giants we're
playing at the Borg ward oh Jesus that
would be amazing they would never do
though they would never do that
one because it's shut down and two
because I think they have standards they
don't want to work in a tiny closet with
no working bathroom in a shitty
neighborhood that's not something they
would be interested in doing right
November tango 19 guys what's your
opinion on piracy I have for a couple
films and I have for a couple of films
and my internet sucks so I downloaded my
favorite rlm episode so I can see Jack's
beautiful dome in 1080p piracy in
general I do not pirate things
the only things I've only torrents I've
ever gotten are things that are
completely unavailable in any way where
nobody is losing money on it but in
general no I do not
the smaller you are the more it hurts
there's that too yeah people have but
the thing is like people getting that
mindset of like it doesn't matter the
size of it anymore I just want it yeah
you know it's like and they have that
mindset of like it's a big studio movie
they're gonna make all their money
anyway so I'll just take it yep I'll
just get you know my own copy of it but
that you know trickles down where you
try and come up with justifications for
anything that you torrent but ya know it
it it hurts it hurts people on our
levels so it hurts I would say it hurts
on every level because that very layer
at very least it's skewing the the
metrics you know uTorrent Star Wars The
Force awakens especially if you already
paid to see the theater I don't give a
shit I don't give a shit if you if you
torrent like the small little indie band
they they only made like a thousand
dollars off their album utorid that yeah
you're a monster look at the battery
that movie I was talking about earlier
the zombie my friends maybe they got
fucked by piracy yeah
they yeah because they they I guess they
tracked down like how many downloads
there there you go
got completely fucked because of that it
hurts the creative people who are taking
risks yeah and they don't have the
resources right that's what kills yeah I
don't I don't like the fact that it's
called piracy because I think that's how
people start that justification yeah I'm
just it's I'm making a copy of it that's
not the same as I've heard people try
and justify it to is saying it's the
same as like DVR in a TV show I've heard
that yes it's exactly like DVR in a show
and then uploading it to the Internet
for hundreds of thousands of people to
take no feeling no matter if it's the
force awakens or a small production
company's movie you are stealing
something I can't stop you from doing it
but if you do it and you enjoy the thing
you pirated don't find a way to give
these people money yes sure
agreed but I I think I pirated this oh I
really enjoyed it
oh yeah they're not getting anything out
of me why should they make anything else
yeah is what you're saying yeah agreed
i if you do I know you do I know you do
and you enjoy the things you're pirating
find some way to give these people money
for the thing you enjoyed yeah it's
important yeah the only the only things
I've ever turned to they're like a the
entire series of Freddy's nightmares The
Nightmare nostri TV show because this is
absolutely not available in any way the
minute it's available commercially I
will purchase it but it is it is
impossible to get in any format so like
an example I have used this game called
Harvest Moon came out at the Super
Nintendo and no fanfare wasn't a very
publicized game came out near the end of
the super Nintendos life years and years
later when Nintendo roms became a thing
yeah I saw this ROM for a game called
Harvest Moon not a firming simulator
sounds weird I never would have I never
would have paid money for it yeah I
never would have bought it I haven't
seen a shelf that sounds weird but since
I could be higher in it I did and you
know what I really fucking enjoyed it
I bought the next four games in the
series sight unseen hmm
I made sure I gave them money
because I like what I saw mm-hmm well
you know that's that's that's very close
to the the valve steam argument where
they they combated video game piracy by
making it easier to buy video games yeah
you know oh what if we have sales what
if they can get them digitally and it
did great gangbusters and you know I'm
all for that
I I have made it I I have pirated in the
past not since I've become a
professional sure I make it a point
never to pirate anything ever because
that would be incredibly hypocritical of
me but Jack what I really want this
thing yeah and I don't have any money
oh okay well though I should just take
it right no that's not how that's not
how it worked that's not a proper
justification no or like I loved the
game of Thrones justification where it's
just like but but I have to wait until
it comes out on the oh yeah people do
that too it won't come out on DVD until
next month and I want to watch it now
yeah that that doesn't count that's not
a proper justification it's still
stealing you see but I don't have HBO
and I want to watch it well you that's
why you get HBO or don't watch it I
wanted to see ash vs. Evil Dead and then
I did not have stars but thankfully
Amazon streaming had add-ons you can get
with different nations yeah so for the
time that ash vs. Evil Dead was on I
subscribe to the Stars section of that
yep so I could watch the show there you
go
and you know what you've helps you've
also helped their metrics Oh people
really like this ash vs. Evil Dead
because they I can see that because they
gave money just for this one specific
thing only oh now we can give more money
to them and you help you're helping yes
that's gonna hide you stealing it's not
piracy you are stealing something all
the time Dubey sandwich has this very
serious question oh okay this is a
serious question if hypothetically
YouTube terminates the red letter media
account and you are unable to recover it
yes do you have a contingency plan in
place for your videos old and new yes we
think ahead yep there you go there you
go
I assume he could see it would when it
was announced that blip was gonna shut
down like you could see the writing on
the wall well before it happened so we
were planning for it I assume you have
everything backed up and everything is
backed up on hard drives that's
something I don't remember who it was I
saw something like a couple different
content creators talking about that
primarily used blip you wanna shut down
there like so I'm losing all my videos
you don't have them backed up anywhere
dude like that's insane that's rule
number one we don't know we don't just
have the final episodes backed up we
have the entire edits bagged up and the
footage the entire projects the footage
but you got to keep track of that stuff
not only backed up but like backed up
implies that there are multiple copies
yeah you need your working copy and then
your backup copy in case you're working
contract it craps oh the only reason I'm
implying that I'm being that I'm
overstating this whole piracy stealing
thing is because I've heard people make
the argument that piracy is not stealing
because all you're doing is making a
copy right well that's yeah that's like
what I was saying about the DVR thing
right it's like no you're not just
making a copy though well but but even
that so they sell the copies yeah
a copy is worth something and so you are
still stealing and so that's why I'm
harping on that so long chat
okay red letter media does have a
contingency plan extremely ordinary
Stefan J you said that you are pretty
much numb to violence in movies what was
the last movie that really disgusted you
except Adam Sandler movies bone tomahawk
have you heard about this movie yeah
which is a great movie and everyone
should watch it Western with Kurt
Russell it's its western town versus
cannibals and it's not a horribly
violent movie for most of the running
time which makes the one scene of
graphic violence to stand out much more
and it it it made my jaw drop it did
exactly what it should have done what it
was trying to do mm-hm and it's a really
good movie - oh fuck
that's what Jay said when watching bone
Tom Bowen tomahawk is a really really
great movie really great performances
Kurt Russell Richard Jenkins and
surprising performance by Matthew Fox
from lost oh he's really great in the
movie I like him in general he's blond
like he's the main guy and lost he's
normal man normal man guy that's who he
plays did you ever see smoking aces okay
this is a fun action movie yes here's a
very small role in smoking aces and it's
great okay
also he's in the Speed Racer oh yes
which I've still never seen I remember
you were saying that it's got a bad rap
I am so into speed racing I will forever
be a speed racer apologist not even
apologist I think it's legitimately good
dude three action and she's nowhere near
anything else oh joy stupa every once in
a while I'd check out the red letter
media subreddit I don't know about its
degeneracy but that's just kind of read
it in general
it goes in waves but I'm on there every
once in a while I know there was a
discussion on the subreddit recently
about someone someone was legitimately
asking how me as a grown adult has yet
to figure out how to do finger quotes
and it was very important to them to
figure out how does how does an adult
not know how to do finger quote that's
very insensitive of them it's very bring
out your horrible condition and I've
been I've been telling people like I'm
working with the physical therapist to
fix me yes you know and like and I think
I'm getting close like I might one day
at a time Jack one day I know it's like
it's baby steps and eventually it'll all
click but like one day I'm gonna be able
to do that and I'm really I'm really
excited about them just keep trying I'm
just gonna keep trying I'm gonna keep
working every day I'm glad that people
on the internet are very concerned about
you variations learned about it ah turbo
Jesus 5000 rich
have you read the Michael Crichton books
pray or the Andromeda Strain nope I feel
like they would be right up your dark
dank slightly urine scented ally both
quality and thoughtful sci-fi which
maybe I should I have her address and
park yeah I call that's I mean hopefully
yeah well hopefully most people are
crazy that's a good book
this is short enough that rapid-fire
animation that should be it needs to be
quick it does these are the important
thing get get your shit together people
people who make a game I'm not doing my
physical rehabilitation at the emperor
palpatine physical mainly because it's
not a real place
I would assume mostly because not yeah
let's see here
owl and Fox would like to know what
happened to the half in the bag episode
46 with warm bodies in movie 43 there's
no video
oh yeah there's just the movie 43 bits
um we just never really did it doesn't
mean we won't just means we haven't we
were really good about making sure
everything was was reloaded once blip
went down but that wasn't for whatever
reason cracks fill in the cracks fill in
the cracks and we've just been busy with
other stuff and haven't bothered to
reload it well Alvin Alvin noticed well
thank you for noticing we will get taken
care of eventually there you go that's
kind of a blob a soda site from the
movie 43 discussion and the movie 43
discussion is on youtube so it wasn't a
top priority okay sure
anonymous would like to know if rlm ever
breaks up who gets guardianship of rich
what Micro Jay uh you do Jack what we've
decided what he's moving in with you
that was never part of the deal okay
rich you get to move in oh I get to move
in but I out I feel so unwanted I was
getting I have one condition Jack you up
steak no you have to take him oh that
wasn't that we decided that it would be
in your best interest oh this isn't
trying to pawn you off on anyone we
thought it would be the the in the
warmest environment for you play all the
games to get it you come over we could
play other games together we'll make a
little rich bed for you a foot fresh hay
and sheets on it everybody put food in
your rich ball
I'm not scooping your rich box though
hey you all I hate you all know I don't
need to get rid of biscuit rich has been
over a couple of times and it's doing as
done fine with biscuit biscuit is a
hypoallergenic cat I have a question
about hypoallergenic cats or hypo
there's hypo hypoallergenic dogs too
right yes in both cases I know nothing
about this so this might be a dumb
question
do they shed yes they do shed for every
month but you're going to say to this
shed do this shit I think if they come
up with a design for an animal I'd be
more inclined to get a pet they do shed
I mean I guess that makes sense they're
very very much so okay I don't know if
it was like if they did if it was less
so or I believe the the the idea behind
most hypoallergenic animals is actually
that they are much hairier than normal
because it's not the hair that causes
the allergies it's usually the dander
like the staff legs yeah the more hair
the tightly woven hair means that less
skin flakes are getting out all right I
believe that to be true much like bullet
density perhaps I'm not the expert yeah
okay I didn't I just didn't know if he
knew of him as biscuit is an incredibly
hairy cat okay I brush biscuit every
other day yeah with like the special
hairbrush and I get a hair ball that is
the size of a kid see I would be more
inclined to get a pet if they didn't
shed ever because we had cats at my old
place and I hated it
hair everywhere all the time regardless
of how much you clean up after him and I
hated it so I need to get a hairless pet
that's the only solution telecon I'm
sorry if I missed your tip question hold
on let me let me highlight you telegin
and then you can tell me I don't see it
but I have you up here so tell me
ask your question in chat and I will I
will I don't see it I'm sorry hey things
are getting away from me things are
getting away from me yes
you know the FIR for a short period we
work at free
we had cats before we had the boys and
the cants did not like the boys Oh
Sheriff so we had to get rid of the cats
because you know humans win did you
consider getting rid of the boys you
know we talked about it do you make a
pro and con list yes yeah the whole
thing boys won because we knew that
eventually there would be a point in
which we wouldn't have to clean up their
shit yeah it's never-ending with cats I
guess cats and dogs you never have to
stop cleaning up their shit ya have to
stop oh you killed her I'm gonna be
pissed but uh so for a while we were we
were pet free and those were gloriously
hair free years I mean not just this
hair but you know you never have to
worry about like a piece of hair on a
piece of clothing you never have to like
check yourself before you leave the
house yeah see I can't stand that it's
tough we love biscuit I like I like
animals I like cats and dogs but I would
not be able to stand owning one because
of the hair it's true so I'm getting it
I get a pet I'm gonna get a hairless
thing if it if it wasn't the the
children were the tipping point and they
were very adamant about getting an
animal if it were just up to me nothing
nothing yeah but the children can be
persuasive the children can be annoying
yeah and I said like I'll be less
annoying miss yeah I can shut them up
here's the thing I can shut them up with
didn't even need it
shotgun shotgun I tell you shotgun oh
sure sorry could not have done that this
fucking office ah Lord Belmont
I had a small hypoallergenic dog that
didn't shed called
a Maltese
horrible J should get one also did J see
the witch yet no update I've not seen
the witch yet we have dogs are better
than cats anyway we have about a half an
hour before they did JC the witch update
okay so you know dogs are fun dogs are
good we had dogs growing up and I always
like the dogs but I hate the hair
everywhere as a kid you don't have to
worry about that my parents deal with it
right now I get yourself a poodle no
hair no slobber only greatness no no I
like poodles I know people that have had
poodles I just want to kick him yeah
there's some about poodles
what was that dog that I was hating Yap
dogs in general yeah I like small dogs
like I wouldn't want a big dog I like
little or guys I get a big I'd get a big
gross dog I was watching the dog show
the Westminster Dog Show or whatever
this year whatever it's called the dog
show that happens after after the
Thanksgiving Day Parade yeah
Westminster yeah yeah okay and they had
a dog on there that looked like a dog
from blood-borne and apparently so it
was just like this big like beast of a
dog it was it was called like I'm
someone tell me what it was called again
you told me in the in the chat what it
was called it was like a like a hunting
hound or something or not it was it was
a weird creepy name - and it was this
big spindle a dog with creepy hair it's
like oh I want that dog it was great ooh
a wolf hound maybe that was it I'll be
back
terribly wreck the oh yes the Irish
Wolfhound those are beautiful dogs
beautifully creepy dogs gigantic yes I
like big dogs
are you doing now we're doing okay
actually have you lost anyone not this
mission okay at last to mission Joyce
nice I've lost two people this whole
this whole playthrough right now oh
that's great
you saw one of them oh yeah yeah yeah
they are they are dr. Seuss looking dogs
Irish Wolfhounds amazing creatures I
would definitely get something like that
and I can say something I can say that
because I just won't get a dog and so
like in my head I'll get the weirdest
dog imaginable because I just will never
get a dog Oh also something I wanted to
mention before might not matter to
anyone right now
but twitch is starting to in-state a new
thing for for previously recorded videos
yeah the chat memory you can now watch a
video of a previous broadcast on twitch
and turned the chat on to see what
people were saying what people were
saying in the chat during the video huh
I think that's kind of a neat idea yeah
I know a lot of people who watch the
videos later on don't get to experience
the chat and that's part of the fun and
twitch is saying you can do that now yes
so all of your lame jokes are being
recorded but I think that's a neat thing
twitch is instating chat memory Oh
past broadcasts so if you watch past
broadcast you can actually see what the
chat was saying okay
but don't they delete the videos after
so long they do okay they do they delete
the bad ass broadcast but we also cut
them up and send them to YouTube right
we also cut you we also cut them up and
archive them on Twitch so you can watch
either I don't know if they will save
the chat for the what do you call them
highlights I would doubt it / I would
doubt it as well changes the algorithm
or the mechanics the digital of the
Bicentennial yeah Miquel go rhythms mic
algorithms see ya son of Brina I think
that's more important Irish Wolfhounds
have a lower life expectancy than
smaller dogs that's even better because
then it'll die and get out of your way
oh I love this dog now it's dead great
don't need a dog anymore done with that
don't what the hell huh that's how I am
when family members die mm-hmm well
that's done
they're gone jacket rich I just watched
your Star Wars conversation and would
everybody did apparently and would
really like to get yours especially
Rich's opinion on a theory of who raise
raised family connection Luke Luke this
isn't a question I think it's I think
that's too obvious I don't think they
care that it's on us it's gonna be Luke
that's yeah unfortunately I would like
it not to be I'm saying some sort of
obi-wan connection I like that
like because you hear Obi Wan's voice in
her little flashback dream sequence yep
I think it would be a better world if it
wasn't Luke yeah I agree
not just the Star Wars world is our
world the world we live it would be
are you gonna shoot right are you gonna
shoot ooh just can't reach well I have
other options oh I know I know
she's a Palpatine get weird with it why
not right
I mean I said that it didn't JJ Abrams
say the script for the next one is
weirder and goes in much different
direction that's what I want cuz
everyone's not everyone's but one of the
biggest complaints about force awakens
is that's so similar to a new hope yeah
and to me it's like I get it I get why
they would do that with that movie and I
was fine with it because you're
reintroducing people to what Star Wars
used to feel like before the prequels
that's a good and I'm ok with it as long
as the next one goes in its own path
sure which I think was the plan is you
know a Stan tree established this world
will you know hit a bunch of familiar
beats to kind of ease you into it
mmm and now we have all these new
interesting characters established now
they can go off and do their own thing
if the next one is more callbacks and
more you know like if it's really
similar to Empire or something yeah you
know retro actively make me like the
force awakens less oh ok so no they have
an opportunity here yeah they I like the
way you put that reintroducing people to
how they should feel about Star Wars
yeah that's what that movie was yeah I
know some people didn't like that they
they didn't like that it followed a new
hope so closely but I as a set up for a
new series I was ok with it okay as long
as they now go in their own direction
that's the important part let's see here
anonymous says when is the 5 hour
director's cut of space cop coming out
never I don't know ok
lasers also anonymous says Jay have you
seen the italian-american sequels to the
Evil Dead known as the La Casa series I
think I saw one of them specifically
witchery witchery starring Linda Blair
and David Hasselhoff
I own it that came out on a double pack
with a scream factory released so its
witchery in another movie called ghost
house but I have not watched them yet No
okay so I have them I like that Linda
Blair and I'm sure the movies flock so
well Linda Blair and David Adler David
has a long can only hope yeah that's so
fucked up like when when there's an
Italian release of a movie and they just
label it as a sequel to something else
that used to be a thing they can do that
they did that
so yeah this witchery movie with the
Linda Blair they called it like Evil
Dead
I guess he will let three because I
think that would have been before army
of Darkness but they have all series of
them there's like an evil that three
Evil Dead for them nothing to do with
Neville dead in any way but we discover
we discovered that for the ninja movies
right like ninja one ninja - ninja three
well that doesn't even do with foreign
releases oh right but they were just
like yeah nothing to do with the other
one yeah it's a recognizable name
there's also I think he's yeah Italian
Bruno Matai is the director's name who
just made his own Terminator 2 he just
released a movie called Terminator 2
because apparently that's something you
can do yeah fairly there you go I think
we have a copy of it here actually so
that's probably a good best of the worst
movie that's great then we're doing it
great lord Belmont have you guys seen
that Alamo Drafthouse video that shames
the girl that left an angry voicemail
after Oh her out for texting yes I've
seen that it's funny they're strict
about that they're as they should be
that's where you go see a movie like the
which you're not to deal with dummies
mm-hmm
also it sounds like a Maltese would be
great for Jane
it says Lord Belmont all right here we
go I've always wanted that for the nicer
movie theaters like maybe like some
cubby holes mmm like before you go into
the movie put your phone put stuff in
and we'll lock it up nobody can take it
just put your phone into cubby hole but
Jack what if I want to check my email
during the movie yeah but why would you
but why would you why would you want to
do that cuz I want to but your was I can
but you're paying to watch a movie
there's nothing happening in the scene
is this people talking about stuff I
don't care I'm here for the second
screen experience I'm waiting to sync my
phone with the movie so I can get more
information about the characters in the
world I hate that there's they they
announced something like that before
episodes of The Walking Dead it's time
to start your second screen experience
oh that's still a things dude i remember
when i got Tron Legacy on blu-ray there
was like an app you could get to have a
second screen thing that's the only time
I've ever heard of it being used for
anything because you know we want you
not to watch the thing we made look away
little me for a home video release like
something like Tron Legacy like
obviously I bought that because I had
already seen the movie for repeat
viewings it makes sense but something
like watching Walking Dead for the first
time that episode screen experience
apparently people really liked it there
there's one for Game of Thrones that
gives a map of Westeros that tells you
where the scene is taking place ah which
is very important because that shows
confusing is fuck sharing and sounds
like oh this is where this is this is
who this land belongs to like it gives
you that kind of background experience
the second screen background experience
tell a gun rich what do you write do you
think Snoke is Darth Plagueis shit like
asked you to all these stars questions
and you couldn't you couldn't care even
less than I do I know I think they know
that he's a name we know and he's the
the only name we know I could think of
who would be an evil mastermind
that's not Palpatine he doesn't act
anything like Palpatine yeah so yes
whatever who gives a shit
rich who was a better starship Captain
Kirk or Picard Picard
you know what Kirk I think Kirk got Kirk
Oh actually it might be Kirk just
because I think he had to do more with
less you know what it's an apples and
oranges type situation but actually
before we get that no rich didn't just
shoot a disabled battle mech that battle
mech has two forms first you need to
kill the driver and then you need to
kill the automated suit so he shot at
the suit after killed the driver so I
think it's an apples and oranges
situation with Kirk and Picard where the
technology was so less in the Kirk phase
that he had to do more with less
yeah but Picard has more
responsibilities and I think handles
them better so I say Bar yeah I say
Picard just because you know like he had
to deal with people like living on his
ship family's growing on his ship you
know he had more responsibilities
there's more interesting character
though I I've always preferred Picard
yeah he he had he has his strong moral
line and that was the basis of the show
that was all the good episodes was was
sticking to your morals and how we're
gonna stick to our morals
whereas Kirk was just like I don't know
let's go here punch some aliens fuck
some bitches kind of refreshing see a
character who's there's things diplomacy
yeah politics and diplomacy is Picard's
thing who's great not wonderful it's
great
we're both Emperor looking Stein I think
I have a Ford
did you think his laser thorns gonna be
leaf flip but early to week maybe just
you the rich if you look at the scar on
his face and compare it with this frame
from episode three you can clearly tell
that this is going to be episode six
Jack what episode six
no no I'm saying if you look at it from
Episode three heaven isn't a factor
anymore you can clearly tell that this
is a distant relative of General
Grievous here's the thing like I like
the force awakens I'm interested in the
next one yeah there's nothing more
boring to me than speculating on that
story I just want to go see the movie
and experience it and be surprised when
things happen listen to Jay everybody
that's it
I there's nothing more boring than
talking about star wars right now do you
know what speculation gets you nothing
yeah let's say this let's say you
speculate and you're right right like
you let's say you figure out who Snoke
is gonna be what do you win the smoke of
wood that's exactly noon wins a smokey
and that's nothing just watch the movie
yeah enjoy the movie when it comes out
oh shit now you started a shitstorm rich
Star Wars fans let's see here oh hold on
and there's more firm from Telecom Jay
if you could live in the universe of
Battlefield Earth troll 2 or the room
which would you pick anyway Louis
Battlefield Earth troll 2 or the room
yeah the room it's the least dangerous
place seems like a fun place you've
played football yeah you just play
football yeah I just walk into other
people's apartments whenever you feel
like it seems like a pretty happy place
yeah yeah they go they roll - you're
gonna get turned into a fucking plan a
fucking plant yeah Battlefield Earth you
got a deal with Scientology Oh
my god could you turn that down a little
bit you know this time it's actually
impossible that is actually impossible
all right let's see here um um UNK Dan
85 how are you guys with Jackie Chan
here's five dollars towards City Hunter
the most bizarre of his films probably
love your stuff I love Jackie Chan I
like him I haven't seen a lot of his
stuff
I saw rumble in the Bronx when it came
out that was the big US release haven't
you gone back and seen any of his like
his film not really I think I saw I did
watch some in high school after a rumble
in the browser I think I saw a fuck what
did I even see like drunken master is
his big one police story police there
was at the time yeah that was they just
made a plea story three like last year
for some reason but yeah no I have not
seen a lot of his stuff I have I enjoy
it a lot
Batman they there was a really fun I
want to say swords ladies and gentlemen
swords you just whiffed with your sword
these wards yeah Thord them if game rich
doesn't like him there I think every
frame is a painting the YouTube channel
did a really neat look back on Jackie
Chan movies and like what makes his
where's he from is he from Jackie Stone
Vania I don't know what country he's
from oh I'm sure that he is from the
Bronx yes why that's why he was
grumbling in there I have no idea why
his why the movies he made in his own
country are so much superior to the ones
he made in America is because he got
apparently a ton more freedom oh sure to
you know get the shot exactly right well
Anna and do specific stunts I'm sure
that they wouldn't allow him to do here
and more importantly they allowed him
the time to plan his stunts correctly
hmm
so he's Chinese thank you yeah I was
just looking that up China so the movies
he made in China and they are they're
great go go watch a Jackie Chan movie an
old Jackie Chan movie they're all
fantastic Oh blue I'm sorry nobody died
though how are they probably got fucked
out of injuries it's gonna be painful
five wounded yuck
and that's everyone everyone's wounded
no I had sex okay
ieave Act two before they died oh did
you yeah well that's fine they were
covered with acid but like one in three
health I hate that acid ah sick says hey
rich what are you looking forward to
there what are you looking forward to
Mass Effect Andromeda at all what I I'm
not looking forward to it at all I'm not
going to play the game or look at it or
think about it
Oh Sirius is dead to me there you go
maybe the question is are you looking
forward to so the answer is no rich do
you think Snoke will have a double
bladed saber in the shape of a tuning
fork I think he's gonna have like a a
cat of nine tails like several is gonna
be a whip and then the end of each lash
it's just gonna be a lightsaber oh
that's great that would be so cool so
fucking retard would be like a Naga
Indiana Jones that's not even that dumb
an idea in Star Wars terms I'm sure
that's happened in the expanded universe
I'm sure we're out of all that now
though rich someone we're in the hands
of smarter people quick find in the
expanded universe some sort of
lightsaber whip we need to know if this
exists because now that you say it I'm I
want to say I'm a hundred percent sure
there has to be there's a lightsaber
whip that's great we need a picture it's
gotta be on the cover of one of the
novels and the novel is called like the
tug of the force I guarantee it's not
called lat it's called that's what the
porn parody is called
it's called the the dark reckoning Star
Wars the dark reckoning light whips are
indeed a thing of course they of course
of course
oh wait is that okay is that a Wikipedia
stop it
someone's will compete eing me the
dumbest thing dumbest thing it's fantasy
the expanded universe stuff it's fantasy
look at the Star Wars fans it's ours is
the expanded universe they like all the
dumb anymore it's all gone we got rid of
holes Oh hold the young Jedi's I like
Jonathan we're doing I like old
unattached space with no personality
they were rolled in the very spiritual
Yoda told them Bob the fourth it's funny
because like the entire point of the
second two Star Wars movies is like
teaching Luke how not to fight literally
Luke's biggest challenge the the thing
that makes him become a Jedi is his
refusal to fight Darth Vader right
because then he has achieved the
Buddhist like a monk state and every
other star war is like the thief we can
fight more it was a word made up by a
retard to describe a fictional space
monk so light whips generally the plural
of Jedi is suck my cock on the same
principles of mechanics as lightsabers
leading a coherent beam of energy that
was used as weapon however rather than a
straight meter long blade emitted by
standard lightsabers light whips
featured long flexible blades that often
exceeded several meters in length
instead of one large crystal they
contained multiple small crystals and
the plasma in the blade had no cell
barriers to keep it straight
it appeared standard for these weapons
to emit only single blades though cat of
nine tails style
light whips with multiple tassel tassels
were not unheard of as the Sith Amelia
once owned one like lightsabers light
whips came in a variety of colors and
shades including red orange pink yellow
and green so yeah not only the important
part the important part of reading that
which I thought would be funny just
because it was so boring
the important part of reading that is
not only is a light WIPA thing but the
thing that rich made up to be ridiculous
the lights cat of nine tails is a real
thing yeah that doesn't surprise me
that already exists I Oh Star Wars Oh
stuff it's it's fantasy this is watch
just watch the movies movie have fun
watching the movie okay November tango
oh that just came out right at the wrong
time yeah right at the wrong time
November tango 19 to the Darth Plagueis
comment before me no he died at the end
of his book anyway he's done he's going
to kill himself and it's all your fault
for talking about Star Wars
I'm pretty sure like in the beginning of
Rich's life he was pretty like neutral
towards Star Wars like oh it's a fine
movie but it doesn't really affect me
you people Star Wars fans you people
have made him hate Star Wars that kind
of happens with any fandom though I
think you're right yeah I think you're
right when people let it take over their
entire lives and their entire
personalities it ruins it just enjoy the
things enjoy the just enjoy the thing
life is fleeting yeah well I should
enjoy the thing and move on but and you
know what we're not we're not saying
that you can't be a super fan like love
it Oh be excited about stuff that you
like absolutely absolutely but maybe
maybe don't talk about it to everyone
all the time or or get incredibly
irritated or upset when somebody does
not share your opinion or enthusiasm you
know I had mentioned on the last stream
that I am NOT a fan of Blade Runner yeah
I didn't say Blade Runner sucks I didn't
say I hate it no you said that you
really want I want to like Blade Runner
I've tried to like Blade Runner yeah I
it's also mentioned in this last half of
the bag so now what more people are
aware oh the fact and now it's a thing
oh I hate Blade Runner
why does J hate Blade Runner I don't
hate it
J why do you hate it why do you hate I
don't hate Blade Runner but now that's
the thing if you don't love it right as
much as I do
you hate it and somehow by the way
you're kind of like you're complicated
feelings about Blade Runner right cuz
there you gotta reduce it down to the
most simplest thing well not only that
but it also cements other people's
feeling for like people who liked Blade
Runner before you had complicated
feelings for it now love it now it's the
best you are wrong
yeah yeah and I love Blade Runner Jerry
but I understand that you can have
complicated feelings of all things like
Blade Runner is that is something I
certainly understand why people like it
yeah so of all the things to get annoyed
that I don't like that's a weird one to
me it is when I'm not adamantly against
it
saying you're stupid for like eita J why
are you trying to stop me from watching
Blade Runner that's the question you
can't enjoy Blade Runner because I don't
you're not allowed to you want to like
Blade Runner and you're not letting me
like it that's true
J's I hate monger point taken
anyways from November tengo 19 how do
you guys feel about the EU lore being
condensed in the Clone Wars show
retconning the prophecy and Obi's look
the only lore that has ever mattered to
me in Star Wars is the movies yes that's
all and that's all that should matter
you watch a movie everything should be
contained in that movie who cares about
what lore is what no no we moved on but
I was we came back to it we came back to
it I was just finishing up rich we have
here's a real question hey rich yeah
from bouts nur mustard lover Cisco or
Janeway Cisco Cisco Cisco Cisco okay
Janeway is a boob Janeway is constantly
fucking up Janeway belongs in a prison
yes Janeway has has successfully
undergone several war crimes and time
crime Jane wait her problem isn't it's
not even the acting I like I like Kate
Mulgrew Wow
yeah she does what she can with a
horribly horribly inconsistently written
character there are episodes where
Janeway she holds to her values so
strongly in the worst situations even
though it's the dumbest thing and it
almost gets everybody skilled yeah and
then there are other episodes where she
makes ridiculous compromises for little
to no gain yep she's horribly
inconsistently written yes Voyager the
problem with voyage the major problem is
the writers
lack of knowing what to do with the
premise and the series and the
characters they had no they had no balls
then that a great premise and then no
direction after that yep well I think
they were wish washing yeah goes no
ghosts I think there's ghosts I'll go
investigate there might be ghosts no
they had they had they had no
convictions they had no you know like
like we were talking about with next gen
all that show that joke or valid that
show its core value was about diplomacy
morality every episode and all the great
episodes can be tied to that central
theme and Voyager didn't have that they
had a premise not a theme we got to get
home we're very far away from home
the ship's about to blow up everyone's
dying and Jane was like we cannot give
the caissons our replicator technology
it would influence the direction of
their society then the next episode well
J well it'll take us like a several
months to go around Borg space let's
make a deal with the blur can give them
all of our technology so we can get safe
passage and we can trust them now that's
Janeway yeah well it's not chain way
that's like two different people that's
the problem that's the problem
excellent Star Trek a question it was
ghosts by the way oh good I took care of
him thanks JJ ain't afraid of no I have
read no goes one small ball says I just
watched the movie crawl for the first
time since childhood I imagine the main
hero being a Jedi who used the force to
control his weapon you know I've
actually never seen crawl I've never
seen one of those Liam Neeson is in it
is he qui-gon himself isn't it yeah but
I've never seen it that's that's that's
a very well known b-movie and I just had
never gotten around to see it I'm saying
I was younger I remember liking unkosher
yeah remember he didn't use the weapon
enough to make me happy that features
like the it was like a like a frisbee
it's a big deal like getting that weapon
and this weapons the most important
thing and then it's not even needed at
the end he uses it at the end it fails
oh really
yeah oh boiler alert for 'crawl 40 years
to watch that one let me spoil the fuck
out of some crow yep
alright the what the magic weapon
doesn't defeat the monster it's the
power of love Oh power of love and
marriage the bond a bond of married wait
I'm sorry what defeats the monster
that's horrible
that's Odin's oh no now I really want to
see it there there there there marriage
and love turns into a fire that shoots
out of their hands okay
and it murders the big monster oh my god
cuz it uses the superweapon he stabs he
throws it at the monster he just gets
like stuck in the monster and just stuck
in his hand and it didn't do anything
after the whole movie was big the glaive
is the weapon you need to harness the
power of the glaze and then whoops oh
wait I mean anyone tell them that
marriage is a more powerful weapon
because Huey Lewis wasn't around it's
okay man there I spoiled I spoiled
Crowell you did mr. shiny smile wants to
know if we've seen the Scottish
independent horror film so I'm gonna say
probably not the house of him no if you
haven't you should check it out I'm not
even heard of it the house of him
Scottish independent horror film okay so
I host a him and we're gonna get into
power
Huey Lewis at Summerfest one year yeah
big head on that guy he's got a large
head I met him that year you met him I
met him oh okay we were shooting a video
that never quite turned out and he
agreed to be in our video and he was
very snide about it oh really
but he was snide about a large head
right uh for his body he hasn't been
head I think if he if he put on a little
muscle yeah a little weight it would
look a little different no good
Oh was this time to stand up well more
importantly J oh by the way for anyone
on during I have not seen the witch yet
J has not seen the wish for the witch
and I wish I had seen the way you were
oh I wish I wish I saw that wig yeah
which witch and for everyone else if
you've been sitting stand up it's good
for your body
I just stood up to investigate the
ghosts so I'm okay okay
since we've been standing up every hour
I do feel better at the end of every
stream that's good just it just promotes
a wellness you want yeah you want you
want the blood to be flowing yeah no I
got Huey Lewis stuck in my head never a
bad thing don't need Fame don't need no
credit card to ride this train to ride
this train music you know back to the
future though yeah I don't know music
sure something something above I don't
know

[Part III]
the storm that's the thing that lets me
shoot people in the face better okay I
think I think I'm researching that right
now I've been pretty lacks updating the
shotgun just cuz I give my Ranger like
whatever rifle well sure I sure sure why
not love the shotgun
JD of Hulu I do have you have you been
watching 1020 760 no 1120
that's a series of numbers yeah I have
not watched numbers you've never watched
the numbers no what is it called I know
what you're talking about I don't know
the name of it but I know it's a series
of numbers but I have not watched it I
don't even know what it is it's a date
it's it's 10:20 660 okay
and it's a it's JJ Abrams produced based
off of a Stephen King novel starring
James Franco okay
and is it horror related or no it's well
it's not necessarily horror yet okay
it's super high premise because you know
Stephen King Stephen yeah here's the
premise is James Franco meets his
friends with a guy who has the ability
to travel back in time to October 26
1960 okay and there's a special portal
that can only travel back to that one
date yep but he can do it multiple times
well and you know you can travel back to
the future and travel back to that date
yeah
and you have to go through his closet
okay you go through his closet and you
travel back in time like this time in
the 60s move concurrent with time in the
future is he always go back he that
specific time he always goes back to
that specific time so you can go to the
past fuck things up go to the future and
the future will be change because you
fuck things up but then just go back and
reset everything okay so that's the
premise okay but the guy had a goal the
his goal is to stop the Kennedy
assassination in 1960
three or four okay nice asset three said
something that'll cause a chain of
events to prevent to prevent the Kennedy
assassination but he hasn't been able to
and now he's dying so he asks his friend
James Franco to do it for him okay and
James Franco is kind of a you know lost
soul no purpose in life okay
they're very Stephen King premise yes
it's a very Stephen King which means the
endings gonna be horrible
it means the endings gonna be great but
right in the middle it's gonna get very
boring his endings are usually where is
it did he have somebody else write
Stephen King high premise boring middle
good ending high premise boring middle
bad ending quite possible too okay lazy
ending usually lays the ending yeah so
it is lazy ending concept is interesting
it's and the first episode was really
amazing because like they they they
introduced this idea of the past pushing
back if you try to change something okay
and so there's these like supernatural
elements of like just the past fighting
you it's really neat second episode was
alright only two episodes they're doing
a weird thing even though it's on Hulu
they're releasing them once a week okay
and it's like you know oh I this is like
I would have loved to have binge Dahl
ready sure yeah I'll wait then until
they're all out yes but a really
interesting show and you know I like
that James Franco I like him in certain
roles did you end up did you ever see
the interview no you should see the
inner is a universe very funny okay I
liked the interview i laughed i lull'd I
laughed out loud okay at the interview
and I don't I don't like sethro southern
I don't like him at all I like to
Pineapple Express with those two I felt
I'd add that's how I felt about
pineapple Express all right
but that interview lot lols right the
fuck out loud okay many pardons
to do what one small ball says oh no
sorry I anonymous says can we get more
of these J guest appearances in the
future
I love the chemistry of the three of you
also she's absolutely never on he's
never here he's never been on a stream
before and now that you've asked for it
he's never never happening again also is
this really a euro friendly stream it's
2:00 a.m. in Finland we didn't start
earlier I'm sorry you got here late like
if it's 2:00 a.m. now then normally we
start the stream at 4:00 a.m. I'm going
to say still technically yes this is
this is more gyro friendly than not but
JJ comes when he is available he's
always invited of course sometimes as it
turns out Jay does things it's true and
those things take up time yeah yeah so
he can't come all the time oh you got
the sexy armor right away yeah well what
I've read everybody it's good thing to
have I'm the sexy artwork cuz I've been
taking a lot of damage if you haven't
noticed do you have the new gun to show
Jay any any of those super I can't
afford it right now I choose between
giving some guys upgrade gum or giving
everybody upgraded armor oh yeah go to
upgrade I just wanted to like show Jay
cuz cuz I like the gun you have now I
like the look of it I like I like janky
future stuff looking at that armor you'd
mentioned before that it looks like the
prometheus yeah outfits and I'm
realizing that this is a problem with
modern costume design is that it also
looks like the Robocop remake what
Robocop looks like and it also looks
like the Pacific Rim armor that they
dote on before they get into their mech
suits yep yep they all look exactly the
same you're absolutely correct but you
know that's what I kind of like about
the janky gun is that that looks
realistic look at the wires hanging out
you know just like I don't put some shit
together shoot the aliens with
ah doo-doo-doo-doo-doo one small ball
says did christopher nolan's steal his
idea for love being the strongest thing
in the universe from the movie crawl the
instant classic interstellar is now
ruined for me and I still haven't seen
interstellar yeah because I don't care I
thought it was good and I don't remember
much about it
it was sort of uh I enjoyed it while it
was on and I didn't stick with me at all
I'm still sore at Christopher Nolan for
Dark Knight Rises
I like that Dark Knight Rises yeah we
caught shit for it but I liked it that's
fine you like what you like our early
hated it a lot of people did utterly
hate that Bane how can you hate that be
for Thor you don't understand
no I don't like what you're a hater your
hater I why are you such a hater why do
you hate everything I hate you
there you go there you go I hate your
face yes many people do wrong with your
face I said the thing you know that
thing I hate you you know you know who
really hates bein is my children
obviously whenever I read like a Batman
story to them and Bane is in it I do
that voice oh no and they're like why
are you doing that voice and I just go
to my cell phone it's like I'm stealing
through the bane voice and I say yes
it's a dumb voice I like the voice I
just don't like that you can't
understand him because of the whatever
they did to distort it quite divorce
it's ridiculous the the presentation is
ridiculous and it'd be like and I get it
like it's also just so loud in the Mick
the sound makes us weird in that movie
but that was purposeful he said he
wanted it to be over I know it doesn't
work it doesn't work so many things in
that movie does not work mr. Wayne it
appears like you have immense damage in
your leg you must be mountain climbing
or something you'll never walk again
I fixed it I don't feel like being
Batman anymore I can't protect my city
for some reason even though I was doing
it in the last movie I guess I'll be
Batman again I broke my back I'm never
gonna okay I'm walking again he has to
train to learn to walk again and get out
of that pit I'm out of the pit now
that's what it's what it represents it's
not literal movie hits you it does it
doesn't it probably does most people do
he did he did put the little clamp thing
on his knee you're right that fixed the
whole thing by the way by the way Bruce
right Wayne millionaire don't sell that
clamp thing for medical uses I get it
you're a billionaire but that could be a
good business selling the clamp thing
that magically fixes your knee up for
all time maybe he has we don't know yeah
that's true just cuz the movie doesn't
tell you doesn't mean it doesn't exist
fucking a damn gobbledygook rich on
tricky dicks
we watched fan shows Axanar is a war
epic like Deep Space Nine and renegades
is a Voyager schlock by Tim Roth
starring Edward Furlong oh no any
opinions on the Paramount lawsuit
against Axanar and you know of anything
not familiar with the lawsuit okay all I
can tell you unfortunately have you seen
any of the fan stuff I've seen Star Trek
continues I like it a lot hmm I've seen
other stuff I thought it was horrible
just the acting is just way too bad sure
nothing's bad on Star Trek
continues to lease it's better yeah than
most of them
I don't know that I want to watch
Chekhov's corpse oh sure yeah yeah to
old check-offs corpse yeah well no if
you're right you're right
he's in a fan series Oh movie a fan
movie that's still kind of depressing
when you think about it I think so was
um Tuvok I think was in it to someone
else yeah Wow to luck you know why they
did it is because it's Star Trek and to
a slightly lesser degree of Star Wars
people love the Star Trek it's true
watch but that's like you're you're
known for being in this thing
and then you're in fan films about this
thing like that's sort of depressing but
they're not asking you to be in the real
things anymore I know and that's sort of
depressing yeah I guess or that you have
nothing else going on that you'll be in
a fan film that maybe that's more
depressing yeah you can get a job man
come on
are Miller Jay do you still listen to
killer POV I do that's a podcast right
yeah it's a great podcast yeah they just
did an episode on possession because uh
because the director passed away also
don't know if you do any or much writing
but do you have any thoughts on what
specifically makes for good horror
writing I'm looking to write my own uh
oh god I am NOT a writer
I understand ideas and structure and all
that stuff but physically writing I am
like dialogue and stuff I'm terrible at
so but as far as what was like what what
what do you think from a writer's
perspective makes for a good horror
movie I think keeping it grounded
keeping it real hmm make the horrible
elements feel like they belong in the
real world
mm-hmm that's where the real horror is
it's true it's be subtle don't like I
hate jump scares
in noir movies Jay if you see the Witch
and I have not seen the witch but I've
heard the which is very subtle and it
sounds like it's right up my alley so
I'm really looking forward to the witch
it's not time it's not time to ask Jay
have you seen the widget be about 45 I
saw my opening and I took about 45 more
minutes before we asked ray if you've
seen the witch that's right my name is
Tate you need spooky ghosts
I dunno not not necessarily stars who
are writing but as for horror movies
silence is almost always scarier than
loud noises silence is golden yes if you
have a character look over and see
something spooky have no just ambient
noise no like creepy sound effects no
stinger just the visual can get under
your skin
the power of ambient the power of a soft
hum yeah there's a great movie called
Lake Mungo there's no jump scares and it
it gave me goosebumps more than any
recent movie I've seen late a long time
Lake Mungo jumbo ya know Mungo it's it's
no like wait wait you a me that's one
where there's no like creepy sound
effects or anything it just lets the
images speak for themselves and it's
incredibly creepy you know that song in
the summertime and the weather gets hot
you can you know that's my that's by a
band called MUNGO JERRY oh that's great
I did not know that like Lake Mungo in
the summertime regular dude you said
dude I seen a bit of a dad in this other
job we do busy we go we do Pizza Baja
that's how the song goes
Louie Louie Armstrong you have to do
Louie I'm referring to the cover okay
post mortem
okay you did a post mortem cover that's
I think the very person right with that
voice yeah that was employing the
trumpet okay also dead sure the trumpets
dead people are all muddy
yes very informative Jack there you go
Lake Mungo Jerry let's see here
pie clam did you guys make back all the
money spent on space goblin yet I know
rich Evans drained the slush fund at the
strip club spent all of his money not
even on the women yeah he's a boos and
t-shirts and merch
he bought all the t-shirts at the strip
club and they said no you know you can
just buy a couple what are you gonna do
with all these I need a mom I don't want
to have to do laundry for a while the
slush fund also when is the next
commentary track coming out I don't know
we want to do more we just haven't yet
hmm we were talking about the next one
we would like to do would be a bad movie
as opposed to another this movies great
this scenes great seats also great
has that been I haven't listened to any
of your guy I mean they're not they're
more than that but we tend to do that a
lot on the ones that we like cuz it's
hard not to of course this is great so
yeah I will probably do a bad movie but
I don't know what we'll do yet okay
also Jack have you read saga comics same
guy who wrote why the last man really
good Caryn's really find a saga saga
yeah I have not read any of them but I
will put I will add it to my list I can
add a wish list on my comixology I love
that comiXology digital comics right on
your iPad Oh digital comics who'd have
thought who would have thought I bought
the digital release of and I haven't
read any of it yet but I mean I read it
when I was younger
no he said have you ever heard of Ralph
snart it was a comic book series The
Adventures of
snart it was a random convict I liked it
I was younger because I liked the the
style the artwork style okay I can't
think of the artist name Ralph Ralph or
nerds yeah this guy with his miserable
life and I so I bought like a digital
release of like a whole run of it that
was from the period I was reading it I
don't know if he still does the comic or
anything though so I have that and I
haven't I haven't gone back and read any
of it okay but I always liked the the
artwork style The Adventures of Ralph
snart's Ralph I know that in now in the
legends of tomorrow and formerly of the
flash TV show the main villain was
Captain Cold
whose real name is Leonard snart uh-oh
maybe they're related it's a common it's
a universe maybe Ralph's animal universe
Ralph snart ball-ball blurt ball blah
blah bloop when are we going barment
hunting we have some tentative plans for
next week
do a little varmint hunting III had to
track down some farmers and tell them
the importance of what we were doing
hunting their varmints right
most of them told me to leave and get
off their property did you give any of
them a copy of the video just so they
could get a better understanding of well
I watched we watched it on the iPhone
the iPhone one person whose hand was
down their pants said I should come back
tonight okay but I wasn't able to so and
they've been calling me non-stop since
yeah so I think they're ready for me to
hunt some varmints okay they said they
said I needed to go beaver hunting oh
really
my problem around here well it must be
they they did I don't I didn't see a
creek or anything in back but maybe they
have some beavers for us Don's not
coming so don't worry
be with me let's see here November tango
19 hey guys I'm about to log off rich
I'm sorry I made you walk off said can I
get you guys to say hello to my ladies
ski lure hello sky lose it Skyler Skyler
school or I don't think is a name hello
Skyler mean the person saying it maybe
they're on that's their stream name sk i
L oh you are oh okay it looks like sky
lure lure it might be a weird spelling
of Skyler okay skill is cooler hello
hello your name let's see here Lord
Belmont says pardon me the witch was so
subtle and quiet and had no jump scares
so the audience didn't know when to be
scared and were pissed jump scared it's
the best thoroughly why don't you want
it to last you wanted to stick with you
absolutely you want the images and the
atmosphere to stick with you once you
leave the theatre as opposed to just
reacting in the moment to something
being loud well then Lord bellman I
think you're absolutely right jump
scares are like laugh tracks for horror
and I think that's an appropriate yes
metaphor yeah that's good simile in this
case i if you probably haven't seen it
follows right no no I know you talk
kindly I like it follows a lot and I was
I went for a walk one night and I am my
music on shuffle and the theme from it
follows came on which and it made me
think about that movie and it creeped me
out walking around a neighborhood at
night and it creeped me out
hmm because I was just thinking about
the images in that movie and the the
entire scenario I was not thinking about
the time I saw a paranormal activity for
and there was a loud noise that made me
jump in my seat for a second and then go
back to looking at my phone but like
this is the thing is
could you imagine like think of your
favorite comedy now airplane yeah
ghostbusters
Schindler's List Schindler's List the
big three yep there's a reason that like
the good comedies don't have laugh
tracks movies in general don't have
laugh tracks also bad wouldn't it be
weird time a TV show would be a better
comparison like I mentioned like the
office or show like Radwell Arrested
Development with a laugh track it would
kill it it would kill it sure you know
it's still weird to me that TV shows
have laugh tracks there still shows like
the Big Bang Theory it feels so
antiquated it does at this point like I
get it I understand the era you know
when that was a thing especially because
shows used to be filmed I guess someone
who's still filming in front of a live
audience but my half-tracks are just the
worst
I have tracks aren't just the worst
where are all the things all the
people's you need to save and the things
new things I need to shoot well they
usually cut to the things because
they're shooting the people do you have
a specialist with you I don't think I
have that upgrade though oh sure the
beasts can update a fuller house on
Netflix is is going to have a laugh
track sure who cares
that doesn't scrap yeah I always sucked
there's no way you should support fuller
house even if it didn't have a laugh
track how about that can I get empty
your house well you're kind of
supporting it by just having a Netflix
account you got to take the good with
the bad
they have lots of great original things
it's true the only mix month is next
month it's gonna be so fucking awesome
I'm in full-blown hype over blowit for
punisher era for daredevil yeah I'm in
so much hype you almost said Punisher I
didn't know earlier you were shitting on
the Punisher watch it wasn't your wasn't
someone else I don't like the Punisher
in the common in comic books okay I
think you're excited from in the TV show
well here's the thing I think that the
Punisher is kind of a OneNote character
yes
which means that he's gonna work great
as the villain for the season and then
they'll forget about him I'll be fine
they're gonna hand their you know he's
gonna be a villain it's gonna be a
season moral conflict and then they'll
be done with them doesn't Batman kind of
a OneNote character what are the nuances
of Batman Batman is kind of like your
Picard especially modern that's gonna
require some next play hold on because
the the complexities with Batman is
usually not like him winning it's how
he's going to win through his detective
skills and through his not hurting
people so he Picard in general tries to
find the moral high ground in a
situation and you're good Batman does
the same thing like I need to figure out
how to get to this villain and how to do
so without hurting innocent lives right
but does that does that imply multiple
notes it can okay not there's not
necessarily multiple notes Batman is not
my favorite hero spider-man is my
favorite hero vitamin Batman cripples
people Batman does crippled people yes
how many deaths do you think I had cuz
if you look up at the screen and see it
for yourself oh sorry I didn't see how
many civilians were there in total how
many 1313 civilians I mean they they
usually for me like they usually get to
before I'm even around yeah so I'm going
to say out of 13 did did five get killed
too - okay
- nice this is phenomenal very well done
thank you thank you I mean usually they
kill two before you can react yeah so so
that's great
that's right Patrick Stewart would make
a great Batman you're absolutely right
sarcasm Oh nonnamous with all your
weirdness
does it ever frighten you that you are
responsible for two small children yes
love you bruh yeah I'm sure jack is a
good goofy fun dad
I you know my fine thing I try I'm you
know I'm I'm a multi-faceted hero you
know I have many dimensions making sure
my children are raised correctly but
also have fun you know they know the
rules I have a right ear memory of
feedom right at least once a day once a
day you put out your food put food in
their dish sure I have I have my dad
voice for when shit goes down and I have
to be serious
I think desk Ward's only increased by 14
for that excellent mission fuck you
councilman have you seen the trailer for
the the Netflix pee-wee Herman movie oh
no I haven't yet
I don't know about it no I don't either
yeah way too old well I mean he still
looks fine like he looks like peewee but
I don't know the trailer especially
there's like no jokes in it
I was like where's the humor she's many
minutes but maybe it's like the first
movie was good because I know Tim Burton
well more evidence of that like it big
top peewee there's no there is no excuse
for big top peewee bean so boring
because it's so weird there's so many
weird elements in it it's just like the
blandest thing it's got talking pig it's
got susan Tyrell who I love is the tiny
lady there's a tiny lady all the old
people eat
the hot dogs drink what are they
cattails cattails don't they don't they
eat like the cattails that grow wild and
that's like their magic hot dogs that
make them shrinking I remember hot dogs
being involved and yeah it makes all the
old people shrink into children yeah
Benicio del Toro plays the the the dog
person the dog boy really yeah it's
pretty seola Toro there's lots of weird
shit in that movie but it just it's
because of the way it was directed and
the way it was filmed it's the most
bland thing it's such a shame yeah it
shows you how much how important Burton
was - yeah pee-wee's big adventure hmm
see Jimmy mikasa I do worry about that
eventually my children will grow up and
watch all the things I've made and
there's gonna be a period where they're
gonna be very confused about a lot of
them yeah but oh well well there's worse
things you could be doing that they
could discover exactly they've seen some
of this stuff I've made it'll be fine
ah let's see here one small ball says
daredevil has me super hyped
I can't wait to skip all the scenes with
the sidekick friend and love interest to
see punisher murder everyone know you
need the friends it's all fine what's
his name what is that guy's name guy guy
Lee
okay guy Lee you know the law partner
yeah Oh fuckin Olsen buggy thought he's
fine the lady's gonna be a drunk it's
gonna be great she's already kind of a
drunk and then there's gonna be this
whole like substance abuse thing it's
gonna be great everything's gonna be
great let's see here the off switch says
the last stream you guys were talking
about fancy diet sodas hyah truth finds
a diet sodas famous diet soda discovery
had that were the famous in Scotland we
have a type of soda called iron brew
which mean
iron brew it out sells coca-cola over
here would rich like some would you like
some ear myth the brews sure why not
which would love to try something rich
would love that rich is really bad at
expressing his feelings he would
actually love that he would feel
flattered
hopefully the soda isn't flat turd
though hey as it was coming out I was
like I should stop do you guys want a
donation of some crazy Scientology DVDs
yeah
they donated these to the library at my
work and I snagged them or is
Scientology too touchy
that's not touchy we've made fun of it
before on the problems ology all day I
don't give a shit yeah the problem with
with any sort of like religious video is
a lot of them aren't funny they have to
be extreme and weird to be funny like
something like Bible man like the
concept is funny but the videos
themselves like yeah they're kind of
bland yeah so it's tricky there's some
like then you end up with something
really fucking weird like the SOS yeah
it's like that's that's that turned out
to be amazing that hit a special kind
yeah but there's lots of religious
videos that are just sort of mmm so it's
tricky
I'd haven't seen these Scientology
videos maybe they're nuts that would be
great it's like like also with the SOS
video I feel like if we would have
gotten the English version of that oh
yeah it would have been significantly
less special because we wouldn't have
been trying to discover what the fuck
was going on right so but I mean yes and
him there could be something weird in
there huh let's see here hey Jack hey
rich hey and a special hello to Susan
who is looking very fine this evening
rich as Anne
well sure rich as an autistic man myself
I have to say that the morel mushroom
guy was definitely autistic thank you
it's possible I wasn't usually getting a
mean way we're not even as a dis you are
not using it anything fair nobody
actually gave me shit about it's just
Mike making a comment about somebody
possibly giving a shit moment no
somebody did in a previous thing we got
an email or something you someone are
you thinking about autistic or the
trenny thing
no the autistic thing but low somewhat
someone was very upset but you got going
along with what this person just said we
did get an email after this recent
episode from someone saying I am
autistic and I'm not offended because
he's not using it in any sort of
derogatory
you did not use it as a slur right you
use it to describe how fun I'll even
defend the tranny one because the joke
was this oh no stupid that they were
using whose only purpose seems to be to
determine whether or not somebody was a
boy or a girl
that was the joke yeah of course right
it's it's that's sure but that's the the
word itself is not something that people
appreciate rich that's rich Evan oh
Jesus great great
yeah she's fragile yet she's fragile
she's just starting to rank up she's
she's she's my replacement secondary
Ranger you got a sniper you got two
Rangers as specialists and two grenade
good Nadir's I keep bringing her because
I'm hoping that sooner or later I'll
find something I can hack that'll give
me the hacking bonus yeah I like my
specialist I use my specialists a lot
they're a lot better in this game than
the supports were in the previous I
found I take two specialists almost on
every mission my heal specialist and my
attack specialist and I love them heal
specialist buff the people heal the
people who need it
attack special like you can just send
that thing out and just hack and attack
everything how long it's probably from
my Team Fortress 2 days and my love of
the engineer by the way I hate how they
lose all their items once they get
injured cuz I always forget to react
whip them with the stuff they had before
oh because you make utility of items no
no it just seems like when they die I'm
having the time when they get injured
they drop everything and they go back to
default
I had regular grenade I haven't found
that I wonder if I got some kind of
weird dude you keep do you keep hitting
memory never get that oh then I don't
know what that is that's really weird
it's really weird someone else my brain
wide
that's a good question star Horrible's
why do they wear full body armor without
helmets you could give them Alvin
because body eyes armor you know it's
listen it's because it's a video game
give mallet it looks like a Star Wars I
don't the Prometheus helmet somebody has
a mod that gives them stormtrooper
helmets oh really that that you give him
a Jason mask Jason mask love it and
that's perfect cuz you have a big Ford
give-give at least one of them the
Prometheus helmet prometheus helmet give
give give that Grenadier give him Matt
give who is that Gordon give Gordon the
Prometheus on them right now God you
might not have it unlocked he might not
be ranked enough I thought it was just
ranked with the armour yeah they go oh
sure yeah that's very Prometheus look at
that also very Robocop yeah that was
they all look the same they're all good
observing all these modern uh costumes
look the same yeah just you know people
are like no we're gonna make it look
like nothing really sleek don't they
base these things in what's popular at
the time
well you something's popular I mean
everyone starts doing that yeah that
becomes the standard science fiction
thing yeah I don't know it would have
started it the iPod the iPod I'm serious
I think sleek sleek design smooth curves
that became technology I was the angular
would be rounded edges was the iPods
yeah grabbable I just watched that Steve
Jobs movie which one the the recent one
ocean with Michael Fassbender mmm not a
great movie but it's okay mmm family
bear in the ashton kutcher one yep I
don't hate Winslet's really good in it I
don't understand this I so you can wear
a hat still I guess as far as being
practical
yeah useful that's one of the dumbest
things no sense absolutely no sense they
just had oral surgery and they haven't
gotten their braces removed yet and
actually this is in the hat section so
it would replace whatever hat they would
have been wearing this makes no sense
this makes no sense then yeah you're
right that was kind of cheesy fun
actually I'll give her that
yeah that's silly that's very silly so
you can give them helmets I just haven't
been doing that there you go anonymous
says don't do a Scientology video even
if it's funny they will almost certainly
hit you with a copy right
Oh Oh that's probably true
they definitely they probably won't like
come out here though to like attack us
personal Oh cuz they're crazy I think
they would have by now we've made fun of
Scientology a few times snide remark so
differently have not made fun of it
enough that's true they're they're a
bunch of wackos it's true
Scientologists absolute wackos what
point does a cult become a religion
isn't every cult of religion yes
Scientology it's a cult that you'd
qualify as a cult right isn't it didn't
Germany just like designate it as a cult
I don't know I don't know I think
somewhere in Europe they finally like
said like it's a dangerous organization
really yeah huh I believe I guess I
guess the harm it does to its members
and/or its members do to other people is
cult status yeah I don't think people
are worried about cult they're worried
about dangerous cults like I'm in a cult
and and we bake cookies for the elderly
and we believe that if you bake cookies
for the elderly you you get to ascend to
a Nexus level type consciousness and
people go okay yeah like that's a fine
call because being the bake cookies for
elderly cult I'll be in that cult mainly
just for the cookies though yeah it's
good you know good cookies let's see
here bouncer mustard lover rich what do
you think of the mimic beacon it saved
my ass a lot of times I gotta say I
haven't even played with first time I
played through it yeah whatever reason I
never got around to building one before
I beat the game oh okay I could have
built one by now I haven't thought to
and I've heard I've heard it's so useful
it breaks the game I don't want to do
that the mythic beacon you can throw it
yeah and then the aliens it does so
useful
I don't want to I don't want to I should
play around with could you imagine using
that in
junction with the proximity mines I just
unlocked the proximity mines and built a
couple I'm really excited about well I
don't think you want your mimic to blow
up before you it's it's done distracting
enemies I assume I assume proximity mine
too close to the mimic beacon will blow
up the mimic beacon oh sure but like if
you have like three baddies you know
mimic beacon and proximity mine then
it'll blow up the first one that runs
towards it and your mimic beacon is then
useless
you don't think here we go ahead more
you might want it like in the way of the
mimic beacon well that's what I'm saying
set up your proximity but not close
enough to actually hit it mimic beacon
they come running so rich is not played
with it I have also not played with it
doesn't the shotgun technically fit that
criteria rich-rich which criteria of
making XCOM too easy let's just go boom
boom Humbert though I will ask Jay that
when he comes back I'm going to leave
rich alone for a moment all right I'm
gonna quietly play X come warnings
evolve rich he's going to quietly play
ex-con for a moment didn't know okay I
didn't bring my sniper in this one
because I wanted to be mobile and now of
course I want that armor piercing mo
that he had that's fine
and regret this
nothing else alerted good
yeah I'll take that
oh I'll take that yeah
I know Jax you you go ahead and do that
oh that sounds great
of course no one's asking anything now
SJ a question cuz I'm quietly playa what
is the little floaty thing
oh that's sort of little robot it hacks
thinks okay she can hack the planet no
oh so what I wanted
well it's what I did oh she's not okay
nevermind amen
I move the wrong person but I've worked
out and nothing bad happened so Oh
purple space bazooka um good luck at
your interview that's the person that
was asking for advice the other day and
you just mocked that's what I do that's
what you do that's what people like I
have to mock what was what are they what
do they ask specifically that I mocked
oh they're just they said they were
having trouble getting a job and could
use some words of motivation and he said
something about look forward to getting
a job that you'll hate forever or
something like that that's what having a
job mean
honesty shaming that's what it is it's
honesty shaming do you have a job that
makes you miserable I am one of the
lucky ones
it's possible and hey when I'm even more
conventional jobs some people really
have ones that they really enjoy when
it's when it's December I'm rolling
around on an unheated studious floor
while coated in fake blood it's pretty
miserable on those days oh that's just
the worst
bill a hecka why isn't rich being
credited at the end of half in the bag
lately no reason other than I guess we
just didn't put him in the credits
really I don't even notice I didn't
notice either we have a template that we
use that we just kind of drop in so at
some point in the last few episodes that
card must have gone missing I don't know
I'm being phased out I will move Jack
you can sit here again he wanted to see
the thing
oh we weren't just sitting here in
silence I would have something to read I
answered two questions good job Jay
thank you I had some almonds really good
about that it's well past my dinnertime
the fucking Dodge I hate versus
supplemented with almonds and more
sparkling water there you go
sometimes they just forget to credit
people and episodes that's true that's
true as it's happened to me a couple
times all right like I said we have a
template that we just drop in so
sometimes it just you know we just slips
past us that we need to add a credit or
change a credit mm-hmm
sometimes it happens but now that you
mention it I will look into it make sure
our template gets back on track good oh
did you read any of the tips no Humbert
Doh Cabbage Patch wants to know if
you've seen the movie teeth yes teeth oh
my what teeth is great it's about a
young woman it's a coming-of-age story
about a young woman that has teeth in
her vagina vagina dentata as it's called
it's a wonderful film it's a wonderful
coming-of-age tale the fact that you
just said vagina dentata
oh it's great she goes to a gynecologist
anyone and I think it's been a while
since I've seen it but I think she
accidentally bites him well he's you
know doing an exam doctor and she's like
flipping out cuz she's upset about that
this happened and the doctor is like
missing fingers
Dean or maybe he's just bleeding and
he's just like vagina dentata vagina
dentata
the quality film is good why do you like
we had things missed it missed it
because bland things are boring that's
by the way good question good answer
although Lord Belmont says wants to know
if you collect blu-rays from criterion
and what do you think of criterion in
general I have some I mean it depends on
the movie
they're not like screen Factory I'm more
open to buy like blind buying stuff just
because it's more of the kind of thing
that's right up my alley mm-hmm
criterion is you know they've got some
interesting stuff they have some movies
that I'm not terribly interested in so
it depends on the movie sure they just
put out the Graduate on criterion though
and I would like to get back because
that's one of my favorite films well
there you go I have an old I don't think
it ever got ported over to blu-ray but
they licensed raw dogs
Sam Peckinpah a straw dog so I have that
on DVD that's a great film do we fled he
brand the fuck away because he knows
ex-cons gunning for his ass a finiman
would like F Cinnabon f in F finiman
would like to spend a ridiculous amount
of money to save fuck almonds Richie
Rich agrees what does this person stance
on cashews I could say positive they're
great any sort of salted nut to Kant
ratios are my favorite nut cashews are
great I like cashews almonds are great
too I mean as long as they're roasted
and salted yes of course yeah raw
almonds are not good the mixture of
those kind of nuts
what are the what are the pistachios all
pistachios are brilliant
fuck all moms I just enjoy I enjoy a
good nut sure good sure rich does not as
I help die yeah so rich agrees with you
wholeheartedly please notice that I said
what twice here you might read that as
what what what what what what happened
to stun for two turns
good question rich that's a good
question let's see what I got here Oh
something that's very exciting to me but
probably less exciting to most people
unless you own a PlayStation Vita or ps4
this this announcement might not be that
exciting to you but for those of us who
have it risk of rain coming to the
PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita
awesome as the only Vita owner in the
world
why is the Vita not more popular it
doesn't have a lot of great games now
and it doesn't have a lot of great games
because it's it's expensive to make a
game for it mm-hmm and so they have a
lot of like ported indie PC titles but
they're already available on the PC or
other platforms sure have a lot of games
but risk of rain coming to the Vita but
more importantly coming to the
PlayStation 4 where they have fixed its
online matchmaking system risk of brain
has like a online co-op it's a very
challenging game very hard game and you
can you should be able to play online
with other people but their online
multiplayer has been jank since day one
but they're fixing that on the
PlayStation and if you're a Vita owner
you can play online with the PlayStation
4 owner it works together
I'm super excited about it just because
it's an excuse to play risk of rain
again which is a great game so that's
all I got
and good for hope hoe or whatever their
company is called make a little more
money you can also stream ps4 games to
your Vita that's true but there is a lag
but if you have like I tried this with
like blood-borne you can you know I
haven't play on the PlayStation 4 but
like it or you know how it processes
through the ps4 but plays on your Vita
ok and so you can use the Vita as a
controller and like play in another room
ok but it plays like the big ps4 games
but it's just delayed enough to not be
worth it oh you can't really like you
can't play a real game on it yeah but
not a thing that matters to most people
but I saw that announcement cuz nobody
has the Vita nobody has the Vita not a
lot of people have the psi not a lot of
people care about risk of rain it's all
it's an announcement all for me they
might have as well have titled it hey
Jack you're gonna like this
what game works great to stream from the
ps4 to the Vita what it'll me this
Batman I don't I'm not sure if any
really does like a turn it would it
would work great for if X come to came
to the ps4 it would work great because
it's turn-based mmm there's no there's
no like twitch motion necessary you can
make all your plays you could have the
delay and that would work out great and
then I could play XCOM 2 while on the
toilet that's all I want that's really
all you want out of technology is what
can I do on the can I can I do this on
the toilet can I do this whilst pooping
that's why the iPad was such a
revolutionary adventure huge huge you
can play the original XCOM on your iPad
while pooping so there you go
expo - speaking of which kind of how's
the des mod for streaming that you're
getting I got I ordered it last year and
they're still working on it
I ordered a 3ds you know the Nintendo
handheld yeah and you can order it
through a specific company and they will
solder in a video out oh ok oh it's a
USB out sure for for streaming or for
video capture yeah as I thought this
would be a great investment like oh we
could stream I love handheld games yeah
stream handheld games we can do episodes
on handheld games but it takes like
apparently five months to make this
thing okay so it's ordered and paid for
and one day you might get it one day
who knows if the 3ds will still be
making games but I might get it alright
biggest waste of money ever one day
new prereq best games to play while
pooping it's tough because you know like
you can't you can't get too excited
about a game yes you know if it's a if
it's a butt cruncher if you're so
excited that you squeeze your butt
cheeks together that's not a good
pooping game to a48 good pooping again
oh the tile oh yeah to it for it yeah
that's fine great pooping game I'm just
spectacular yeah I think a game like
XCOM would be great because you can just
relax you can sit you can take your time
you know FTL is is another fine example
that's a good pooping game I always
enjoyed that Binding of Isaac while
pooping cuz you know like it was tense
but there was always the pause feature
but you're right it also it can't be a
game you get too into or else then your
legs fall asleep yeah so you have to
balance that's why I always thought the
witness would be such a great mobile
game you know you go in you do a look
around you do a puzzle you get out of it
but now it's a big game the witness
would bore the shit out of you know I
think I think the witness would be a
perfect mobile game you look around
you'd do a puzzle
there's a great DMV tactics games for
the PSP lovely poopourri yeah any sort
of turn-based anything where you don't
need to like really be on the edge of
your seat because if you're on the edge
of that seat there's things might get
messy
we've reached the Pope Jay I have not
seen the witch yet okay I really want to
it looks right up my alley looks like
the type of movie I would enjoy but I
have not had the chance to see it yet
okay thank you for the hourly has Jay
seen the witch update it has also been
an hour if you have not I just stood up
to go to the bathroom get our new water
but I'm gonna stand up anyway so if it's
been a whole hour since you've stood up
stand up it's good for you alright
I like to do little stretches
I was doing some like a some light
lunges knee lifts again you know just
something to get the old the old blood
flowing you know set my timer for
another hour
hmm pardon
oh my coughs have you guys seen the late
70s movies sergeant pepper's lonely
heart hearts club band I have not no
sorry I remember I remember like in high
school a lot of my friends you know
that's right around the age where
everyone gets super into the Beatles
yeah and they were insistent on watching
like you know Yellow Submarine I was
just bored to tears I've never seen any
of the Beatles just stuff like yes just
bored
what what oh no I'm foolishly making
more coffee oh what a terrible idea I
fallen off the wagon lately with coffee
I cut back for a little while mmm
although I'm making half caf so it's not
quite as bad okay they say they say even
if you just um if you're trying to get
off coffee just have hot water yep
just you know just drinking hot water
will kind of trick your mind no I'm not
trying to get off of call off caffeine
though sure I'm just trying to cut back
a bit mhm and I've been okay until this
last week or so
a hard day's night is a great movie I I
can't believe you is it just that you
don't care about the Beatles or I think
that's part of it well you don't you you
have a hard time with older movies in
general I do right it's true and then
you know like just hearing them talk
they're fine they're all fine musicians
like that the music's fine don't you
think you know they try to be funny and
I know we're gonna go he wasn't even the
best broom and the Beatles ooh hate
listening to them and I know this is our
office this is the appropriate stream to
be insulting accents right I hate them
all
all hates you too and elevates me too so
there we go
oh yeah fire burn aids use your fire
grenade no oh I had a run button but was
okay it wasn't it was a damaging wrong
button oh good there's your fire
grenades I know it'll solve this problem
fire they're from Liverpool you oh you
have to end the sentences like you're
always asking a question instead
that's a Beatles thing I Liverpool thing
apparently oh yes I blame the Beatles I
learned how to play guitar when I was 12
it also helps if you clench your
buttcheeks a little bit because then you
raise up that just helps me do the
impression so rich how are you enjoying
X come the bud clenched advice that's
good I think it helps you talk like a
bee Oh
J should be making espresso we need an
espresso machine here I had one once
yeah and I think I think my roommate
took it when we moved out of that
apartment I recently uh we are traveling
and usually I have mine at my pour over
coffee to make a really nice coffee but
you know it's a big glass vial so it
doesn't travel very well yeah and so I
got an arrow press right which basically
makes us an espresso shot or two and
I've actually been using that over the
pour over just because the coffee's so
much smoother mmm you know you're making
americano like a couple shots of
espresso and then hot water over it
which kind of dilutes its oh it's
beautiful I love my arrow press a little
harder to maintain you know clean it out
with every with every cup of coffee
instead of every couple of cup of cuz
it's not coffee like my pour over but I
love it look at that Hall look at that
fucking Hall how much treasure you got
there actually I was a little lucky
charms my Liverpool ian is turned into
the Lucky Charms rabbit rabbit or he's a
leprechaun and people are always trying
to take his Lucky Charms Jack Oh didn't
you know the Trix are for kids confusing
your cereal mascots very important get
your Laura correct

[Part IV]
correct hostels are inbound what do you
got to do here extract oh you just have
to extract everyone they're good you're
good rich there be enemies about are you
gonna murder for fun oh oh there's one
yeah I said there be there be monsters
about I didn't know I didn't know I
didn't know I didn't know well I didn't
know there was a najin look if only
there was a way you could blow him up
really oh I'm so sorry guys I've been
I've been lacks it a sickle on the tips
I didn't notice somebody had gotten away
from me anonymous says did you guys see
in the news what did you guys see in the
news about Hitler's unfortunate medical
condition ah poor Hitler any medical
condition he has i unless its health the
medical condition was he was shockingly
healthy Yeah right up until he died
right up until he killed himself because
he's a coward I guess the answer is no
none of us has heard about Hitler's
unfortunate medical condition the hit is
still dead
still dead also he was a prick so there
you go anonymous diet doctor awesome
says can J talk about editing our Ellen
a lot of YouTube channels discussing
movies and games have gags and cutaways
but lack the timing to make the jokes
have the kind of punch rlm vids have j
editing comedy specifically yes it's
instinct I don't know how else to say it
you watch it you make the cuts just the
timing feel right if not you make the
adjustments until it feels until it gets
a reaction out of you you have it or you
suck yeah it's sort of like it's either
there or it isn't it's it's it's
instinctual not and not even just
editing in general but it is
specifically in terms of making like
something funny with it with a cut it
yeah you just sort of feel it I feel
like a lot of people don't understand
the basic concepts of digital nonlinear
editing which is you can change it yes
and I well I think that's rough for some
people I think a lot of people like kind
of edit something as like well I guess
this is the best I can do it but ya know
that's the great thing about editing
there's so many options and if something
is not feeling right or working and like
let's say let's say for example you want
to do it non-destructively where it's
like oh I have an edit of something but
I want to try something different you
can just make a copy of that timeline
yeah change one thing and just see if it
works and sometimes even the smallest of
changes can make a ton of difference
don't be afraid to completely change and
edit because you can and you know you
can always go back to the way it was if
you make a copy and do it
non-destructively but i think that's
hard for some people it's just like well
I've already edited it can't change it
now I was reading an interview with um a
writer recently who is talking about
that we're like you know like people
think that writing a book is you know
you write it once and it's done it's
like oh man you write a couple of
paragraphs and then rewrite those
paragraphs
eight times yeah you got to change it
seems so time-consuming
he says read my letter yes it is it's
very time-consuming that's that's the
the part we spend the most time on
because it's the most important to us
mm-hmm Lloyd beets have you seen the
film primer best time travel movie ever
might be my favorite film of all time I
saw primer recently for the first time
I've never seen it and that's a movie
people always talk about because it was
made for like seven grand or something
right right and so people always
whatever like someone talks about like a
low-budget movie they always bring up
primer it's like well they did it as if
like you know you know how many other
movies are made for no money like tons
and tons of ones right you've never seen
or heard from some people always say
like as if that should be like common to
make a movie for seven grand and have it
be amazing yeah it's like no those guys
are brilliant most people can't do that
so you liked it ai ai ai ai I understood
that it was very smart and well-made but
watching it was like reading an
instruction manual it was very sort of
like clinical and and detailed in a way
that I did not personally find
interesting oh okay but it's a very well
made movie that sounds like a fair
criticism yeah that's that's what it
felt like to be is like reading an
instruction manual and it could be a
really good instruction manual tells you
how to build a chair perfectly that
doesn't make it an exciting instruction
manual right it's good though and I need
to see that directors follow-up movie I
still haven't seen that either well the
blue is the warmest color oh wait no
nuts no that's the lesbian movie fuck
what's the name of that movie upstream
upstream color
do you watch many a lesbian they won't
have color in the title that's I'm
confused although blue is the warmest
color is supposed to be very good too
but I have not seen it maybe learn
something about Jay here
today he gets his lesbian movies
confused because he wants upstream
colors not as many lesbian what's your
favorite lesbian movie oh there's a joke
there somewhere right
yeah all right make it insert I am right
though upstream colors the movie made by
the guy who made primer right chat I'm
pretty sure that factory upstream color
yes you're right
you all right primer was made for $7,000
why can't every movie made for $7,000 be
great
I've seen comments like that before it's
insane do they understand that different
people make different movies no
apparently not
and the different movies have different
goals and are made by people with
different levels of competency do they
understand that no no no wow that's
there's a problem alright
Dante and J we've seen you lose weight
and get fit over the years we've also
seen you wearing a Fitbit on your wrist
they've used to yeah they've done their
detective work too well my detective
work you mean they've watched the videos
they've watched the videos yeah was it
worth the experience the Fitbit um or
just I think getting Jack may also have
one I'm beginning to get healthy stand
up I think they're there just ask asking
in the long run because people may not
know this but getting in shape and
losing weight take effort yes has the
effort been worth it absolutely good for
the body and good for the mind yeah I
think a lot of people miss the good for
the mind part because it means that you
have to think ahead yes in how you plan
your meals how you plan your day and it
makes you also then think ahead with
other things like oh I could just do
this in this in this commander
come back I'm Andrew mr. Herbert
but if he's asking specifically about
the Fitbit oh sure
I don't think it was worth it for me it
might be a good motivator if you're not
someone that's terribly active to begin
with mmm
you know cuz you have to make sure you
make your step goal for the day or
whatever mm-hmm
but I when I started using it I was
already active enough where I didn't
need it
I discovered it didn't motivate me in
any way more so than what I was already
doing so I stopped using it I also had a
Fitbit for a bit a Fitbit for a bit yes
I think actually it's on my wrist in a
video and I echo Jays comments it's
incredibly not worth it this is the
upgraded gunner no I just don't think it
looks as good as like the Janke one
there's kind of one of the older ones
yeah look at that that's got some
personality to it I live in New Orleans
I see a bridge shotgun yeah it's nice
looking at second therefore gonna make
it look like in there fuckin no no I'm
just not I'm just not going to do that
okay I just refuse that's fine and you
know what that's fine maybe that makes
me a jerk I don't know no it's fine
maybe it was maybe I was being a jerk
asking you to make it look like you were
you were definitely being a jerk there
you go yeah there you go but you know
what if you're thinking about getting
fit you can do it that's the real truth
if you think about losing weight you can
do it you can do it too it's oh it's so
true you don't you don't need to do you
don't need to do anything but eat less
and move more it takes so little effort
the power of hard work not even know
this is what I'm saying it's not even
hard work you just have to not eat crap
the power of not hard work you know you
you just have to want being healthy more
than you want the donut yeah that's it
watch calories and go
for walks it even even that little bit
well will make a big difference you know
I mean I mean a little difference in the
short run but in the long run
yeah will make a huge difference it's
great Oh Tegan Oh Tegan you're a dick I
don't care I don't like him I don't like
him
forest goblin has a very important
question and I have a real answer to it
the important question is why doesn't
Jesse appear on best of the worst
anymore and I have a I have the official
answer for that she no longer appears in
the video because she no longer sits in
front of the camera when we hit the
record button this is true now it's
something people might not know about
video cameras is you only you can only
record what's in front of the camera and
so she's not in front of it anymore I
should have taken notes on that I'm
gonna have trouble remembering all that
also you have to press record okay
that's rule number okay we fucked that
up when we did our force awakens
reaction video oh yeah we fucked it up I
thought we did that right no no I found
out after the fact that we did it wrong
like after you uploaded it to YouTube
yeah it was pointed out you are dude
first why would you watch it first I
experienced it we were there yeah it
happened just uploaded yeah oh well how
embarrassing for us video professionals
things have never been the same no check
you've got a little bit of XCOM
experience no I have a little bit of
XCOM experience after project yeah three
bits to go no you're fine there's things
there's situations huh there was a
factory I'm kind of near him one away
but I got no Intel okay there's a other
factory - I'm close - mmm
what Intel
right and here are the missions very
difficult engineer I've right now I have
a shitload of engineer okay so you don't
need to get engineers falling out of my
ass okay great
so you don't need an engineer but here's
the here's the event encounters major
breakthrough adds two blocks progress
project okay
supplies you always need supplies get a
decent amount of supplies every month
bike I could use some now I could you
can always use supplies and then hidden
event so I don't know what the hell I
need does an arranger high-ranked Ranger
I could use one pasta I lost a
high-ranked Ranger before this stream oh
so so weird why do I take the two blips
on the Avatar project well no that
wasn't the what was the the supplies one
I don't care about the supplies you
don't care about the supplies no III
have a lot of countries under my belt
right now I'll get like 500 at the start
of the next month so worries me is this
this dart project adds to write to the
Avatar project but you don't three now
but why even do that when you don't need
an engineer then obviously well I'm
worried about so I'm worried about the
Avatar project the big scary do meter at
the top that would add two bars to this
only if you do the mission no that
prevents that doing the mission prevents
that oh oh you know what I've never
understood that then I've been doing it
backwards you're not very good at this
game are you Jack know what I'm playing
on rookie so the question is do you get
a ranger that you really like or do you
delay the Avatar project yeah I say you
still go for the Ranger because even
with two blips you can get another blip
and then you have another 18 days before
anything bad happens
I have never ordered I'm playing on
rookie but I have never worried about
the Avatar project because even when all
the blips are full then you have the
overspill time does the chat have an
opinion I'll take it I'm just curious I
know and everybody's very confused that
we're talking about the game for the
first time I don't get it what does any
of this have to do with scream factory
blu-rays mr. shy smile is saying delay
the project I got a story mission coming
up I get to land the opinion is delay
the project go for the supplies I think
you should go for the supplies I always
go for some five hundred fifty five a
month but you have four and it's the
fourth you have all month before you get
that you could have two hundred eleven
days I like one mission between then you
could you could get that right now or
get that super awesome Ranger shotgun
some motherfucker I want that I want
that super awesome Ranger do it also you
know you should really not do listen to
me because I know cookie at this game
and I haven't even beaten it yet the
decision I would make is supplies the
second decision I would make would be
for the Ranger so double not listen to
me and yeah delay the project yeah is
the correct answer
de Boer eh cases let it ride rich Ranger
up
that's little a the project you should
that is the correct choice that bar
fills up at the top then run dance that
ends the game you lose oh sure
Denton Denton oh I see Jason still on
the mission and I like that one of your
soldiers at all times needs that mask
yeah and it even has blood splatters on
it huh is that like an add-on or is that
just part of the game part of the game I
think I think I want to say that's one
of the first things that you can equip
thank you know bizarre you can decorate
them you can decorate chair that just
seems like it's like an inside joke that
someone they would add as like an add-on
to the game later or so I think you only
get the ski mask once that individual
characters ranked up a bit okay I don't
think you could put that on them as a
rookie okay maybe you can invite oh no
you don't some of them some of the some
of the decorative things are unlockables
which is kind of stupid I don't like
that always a mod whatever don't like
the game out is fucking Martin who cares
when's the next Friday the 13th a date
there was like three last year it was
great Jack I'm gonna stop giving you
shit about using our names for
characters but I'm just curious if
you're actively ignoring this request or
just missing it no well the rich is
already on a playthrough so all these
characters are just people existing guys
build it so I've I've named characters
many a time we're not we're not ignoring
you I just assumed rich wasn't renaming
characters cuz this is an active save
that he was already doing so
there is one in May okay May the 13th is
on a Friday all right
it's close to it's close to being done
time mostly because my hunger is
reaching critical mass and also we've
been streaming for about four hours yes
yes that's a stream we can sit you want
to do this mission yeah okay we'll do
this mission and then we'll call it my
brains in the thick of it now in the
thick of the X corn right before right
before I came to get you today I was
about to attack an Advent facility and I
was I was getting prepared so that's
probably what I'm going to do is go home
and play this a little bit more I would
like to beat it once a spoiler alert for
our official discussion is I feel about
this game much like how Jay feels about
primer not primer oh no I'm gonna forget
it now yep for some reason I can't
remember the name of the Harrison Ford
sci-fi noir Oh Blade Runner get a bleep
about a brain fart a blade for a tablet
fart I feel much about this game how Jay
feels about Blade Runner which is I
think that technically is a very good
game that I'm just not that into that is
how I feel about primer as well so I
guess that works to it you are free to
have your incorrect opinion I well and
so I've been I've been wanting to finish
so I can try to identify why mm-hmm I'm
not too into it and I think I've nailed
it down yeah we'll save that for my
official discussion but yeah oh I know
they don't see me but I do believe oh oh
you got to protect it I do bill
consistently challenged and I feel like
every victory is earned and I feel like
they do a lot very well technically
are there something there blade fart
sounds horrible a blade fart does sound
horrible
I gotta had a blade fought by the way
here's a finished thought no no that I
was gonna be so hot
strike while the iron's hot that's what
my mama taught me yes ridiculous there's
no reason a Superman movie should be
rated R but a Batman movie - it doesn't
matter Batman movie shouldn't I
shouldn't be rated R he can be you know
Batman what do you bet different beasts
depending on the success of Batman vs
Superman sure what do you bet if it is
successful what do you think the odds
are of the standalone Batman movie being
rated R I'd say it also depends on
Suicide Squad Suicide Squad rated R do
we know it's I think it's pg-13 is it
although one surprise me if they they in
post added a few swear words in to bump
into an R just so they could say it's
rated R because you because know how
they operate that's how they think you
know it's funny because in reality it's
ridiculous yeah but then you think it
might actually happen but out there in
Hollyweird that's what happens strike
while the iron's hot
that's what my mama taught me yes
ridiculous there's no reason the
Superman movies should be rated R for
the better Batman movie - it doesn't
matter Batman movie shouldn't I
shouldn't be rated R he can be yeah what
do you bet different beasts depending on
the success of BAM and were Superman
sure what do you bet if it is successful
what do you think the odds are of the
standalone Batman movie being rated R
I'd say it also depends on Suicide Squad
Suicide Squad rated R do we know it's I
think it's pg-13 is it although one
surprise me if they they in post added a
few swear words into
bumpit to an are just so they could say
it's right at our because you because
how they operate that's how they think
it's funny because in reality it's
ridiculous yeah but then you think it
might actually happen but out there on
Hollyweird that's what happens oh you
missed I hate you you're right it's not
too late to recut Suicide Squad yeah see
but that wouldn't make sense like that
is a movie that should be rigged that
would make sense as an are sure villains
do envelop me and I actually think that
movie looks kind of interesting mmm more
so than Batman vs Superman mm-hmm all
right
Snyder so to me I would think that they
would gamble VR on Suicide Squad then if
that also did well the answer is a
hundred percent Batman radar that's yeah
that sounds about right
oh you got phantom as an extra perk well
that's interesting I didn't notice that
I still think even if the theatrical
release of Batman V Superman is
successful I still think they'll dance
around the R rating for the theatrical
release of Batman but do a very similar
thing of pg-13 in the theater maybe are
you know pg-13 in the in the streets are
in the sheets if I could use popular
parlance long shot by be libelous
whatever whatever happens if they
release Suicide Squad as pg-13 and it
flops they'll they'll they'll blame it
on the fact that they didn't make it art
and if they release it as a pg-13 and
it's a success they'll say it's because
they held back from releasing it as an
art there's always an excuse it has
nothing to do with the quality of the
movie of course not of course now that
doesn't factor into their equation no
quality
what kind of crazy thing are you talking
about mister it's about marketing
the only reason Deadpool did well is is
strictly because it was rated R of
course that's it for no other reason no
other reasons fuck man
Hollywood is there what's the big Marvel
or does Marvel not factor into the
equation anymore because they're its own
it's its own French Marvel is its own
thing I don't think that'll factor into
it
Marvel is beyond is beyond our Disney
Marvel stuff goes oh well yeah like we
might get an r-rated Wolverine movie
which I would that would make sense I'm
just thinking if the next Marvel comes
out in its pg-13 will that factor into
the equation o or but but they're just
so no Marvel's its own thing it's it's
it can yeah it can be pg-13 yeah it's
probably probably right okay no I think
I think all that this is showing the
fact that they've announced the
director's cut is are is they they are
worried about poor performing at the box
office
yeah and if we could live in a world
this is something that could be
genuinely exciting we could live in a
world in which a Deadpool movie gross is
more than a Batman Superman everything's
turned upside down
unlikely but possible yeah wouldn't that
be fun wouldn't it be fun just to see
him squirt like they're scrambling
already in a few areas already video
it's fun to watch him scramble yeah it's
almost like there's no clear-cut formula
as to why a movie is successful and
popular don't say that of course the
big-name directors and actors just like
Bridge of spot shit
shit Oh fret of franchise movies
franchise movies just like the hunger
game put oh did that flop the last
Hunger Games I didn't even know even
amongst hunger game movies it was a huge
disappointment I did not know that big
Deadpool works because creative people
behind it ad vision and passion and
distaste for the norm yes yeah exactly
and I think the most important part
about that is the vision yeah well
thanks I think you're cut out of our
episode but that's what I said is it
feels like a movie made by someone as
opposed to a movie made by everyone yes
but that's that's not the takeaway
that's gonna happen unfortunately no it
isn't there in fact going to get more
involved with films because that's what
they do that's all they know yeah many
pardons genndy 999 says thoughts on
beyond the black rainbow and john dies
at the end I haven't seen John dies at
the end
I love beyond the black rainbow what
does beyond that's one of my favorite
movies the last few years it's a a
sci-fi dystopia film made for very
little money but absolutely gorgeous
cinematography wise okay really great
soundtrack
I like sci-fi dystopia sort of have you
ever seen thx 1-1 3-8 it's like a like a
it reminds me of that I really love
future dystopian movies about escape
about trying to escape some sort of
environment and it's about that might be
a little as you say arty-farty might be
a little too arty-farty for you I love
it I got the look of it I love the the
the it has my favorite thing which is
droning creepy ambient noise I love that
yeah really good movie that sounds
pretty good I like it a lot I'm okay
with the I'm okay with all the things
he's saying Logan's Run yeah that's
great I haven't seen in a long time but
it's gonna lose no thank you
Oh son to be just speaking of like
future dystopia and someone escaping
it's like yeah Logan's Run got it right
yeah I generally don't like older stuff
because of the pacing but Logan's Run
just nailed it
why do snipers suck so much in this game
I have Jays Blade Runner reaction to
beyond the black rainbow I can see that
oh I already party I you know what I not
but I I like I guess I'm like some
arty-farty
yeah you know like I love arty-farty
cinematography like that that they look
at beyond the black rainbow like it's
one of my favorite visually one of my
favorite movies over the last few years
okay
solid recommendation yeah yeah I really
love that movie I'm disappointed the guy
who directed it hasn't done a movie
since oh really yeah usually by now he'd
have sold them that sold he'd had it
sold out and made a crappy movie ya know
where's his Martin where's his
disappointing Marvel movie he's the son
of another film person the guy who
directed be on the bike rainbow I can't
remember who
Pano's cosmatos is the director of
beyond the black rainbow but I can't
remember who his dad is
that's a real name yeah that's a great i
guess if your last name is cosmo toes
yeah whatever the fuck you want with
that first name he yeah he hasn't
directed a movie since be on the black
rainbow buddy he produced the rewind
this documentary the documentary about
VHS he oh my phone just died no he
produced that have you met that have you
met my cousin Frank cosmatos
Bobby if someone in the check and tell
me who his dad is and what he directed
or what he did in film business let me
know cuz I cannot remember George P
Cosmo dose director of Tombstone okay
thank you a horrible glory couple dupes
couple apps um I have you guys given any
thoughts to making DIY filmmaking slash
editing to toe
Reles I would love to subscribe to a
separate patreon or of the like that
provided that content I haven't really
thought about it we probably wouldn't is
that rich his reaction to the game or
the game he might be losing this mission
unless he can unless he can end it
quickly before he has to protect that
thing and it's on fire right now so he's
not doing a great job of protecting I
have to alert a bunch of shed yeah
probably exposed myself to danger yeah
while doing it yeah you probably fucked
well I know but both you and Micah feel
very feel the same way about editing
your like we you were talking about
earlier it's just like you just kind of
got to know yeah it's not something you
can teach it's more than any learn from
experience and there's like there's a
lot of like technical stuff to teach
like how to use your editing software
yeah but that you can get anywhere like
but it's really true the only way to
kind of learn how to edit well is just
for you to do it and see what sucks and
see what doesn't yeah unfortunately that
and I'm not terribly comfortable trying
to speak with any sort of real authority
on any of these issues sure that's not
my place I just make what I make are
Miller maybe you weren't here earlier
when J gushed over bone tomahawk bone
tomahawk is excellent but J gushed over
it and write characters great writing
one of the most horrific sequences I've
seen in a movie maybe ever uh one small
ball do you guys have any actors you'd
like to see in an x-force movie Stephen
Lang as cable seems pretty much assured
I'm not the person to ask this mic would
be I've never liked the x-men you know
no we who cares
I want to see actors do a good job and
more importantly I want to see an x-men
movie with some decent action sequences
unlike the stupid Bryan Singer ones I
like the Bryan Singer one I know you do
and I don't I would like to see them
recast storm well now they probably will
because I think Halle Berry is out of it
but one she's always sucked this is
completely out of it there's a new storm
in Apocalypse okay it's Mohawk storm
which is awesome storm okay
yeah Halle Berry always sucked on those
movies yeah I blame the director
I blame Halle Berry a mixture of both
perhaps Halle Berry was going Halle
Berry was doing kind of like there are
two schools of storm one is is what's
the queen from coming to America yeah
African Queen kind of like above it all
Oh
genteel goddess second goddess and I
think that's what a Halle Berry was
going for but she was also wearing like
a leather onesie and yeah well she tries
to do some sort of accent in the first
movie right right and then they just
ditched that by the second one she was
going for something and it did not land
correct now landed and broke its ankles
but then there's other storm which is
kind of a little more jagged and I think
that's what they're doing with
apocalypse okay
it's Mohawk storm which is more fun to
look at at least white haired Mohawk
storm is a good storm it's just too bad
it's too bad it's gonna suck I like Love
Days of Future past hey I'm looking
forward to I know I'm in the minority of
people who did not like you got to give
those movies credits for credit for not
having villain of the week storylines
every other superhero movie it's like
what villain are they fighting in this
movie sure I like that the x-men movies
are a little more complex than that
I I will sure you know what do you think
I'm doing
jackass I always you know what he always
does that to me too when I'm evacuating
everyone and I have one person left and
they're in the Eva like I'm in the evac
zone and my guy's calling down the road
and he's like you gotta evac everyone I
have one guy left Bradford calm your
tits a storm is a badass punk-rock
African orphan who gives zero fucks I
bet she's a horseman in Pakistan yeah
they probably will turn into a horseman
I mean you know Archangels gonna be one
cuz that's his schtick they might not do
storm because she's too well-known and
the whore the the other horsemen who
aren't Archangel are usually pretty
disposable at least in the books they
are they pick three generic disposable
mutants and and turn them into you know
if powerful Four Horsemen of the
Apocalypse and and then there's
Archangel and that's his all shtick so
they probably won't be storm if the
books are any indication
I think he's I think apocalypse looks
dumb yeah I think I made a joke in our
comic book episode or like comic book
upcoming movies or Deadpool episode I
made I've mentioned that he looks like
Ivan ooze from the first Power Rangers
movie and I cut it out of the episode
because then I went to look for a
picture of Ivan ooze yeah and all that
came up in Google search was a
side-by-side of apocalypse and Ivan ooze
I was like oh everybody's already made
this reference which I hadn't realized
but everyone's already 7 so I'm just
gonna cut it it's like there there are
some things that don't translate from
drawing to cartoon that's a movie yeah
the look of Apocalypse is one of those
things and again I'll give credit like
he's trying to be colorful he's trying
to be different he's not giving people
the leather suits that he gave people in
the first one he's trying he's trying
something new but I I think it looks
dumb I think it looks like a big rubber
suit yeah I don't think he can direct
action is the mixture of the ideas in
the action oh well I know it'll be fine
people like it or they won't in a very
controversial statement as far as comic
book movies go it's one of the few I'm
more interested in seeing this year
mm-hmm I was thinking about giving Days
of Future Passed souther shot I haven't
seen you since the theater I'd like to
rewatch it looks like I know people like
it I'm in the minority for not liking it
so I ran that by Lisa who's a huge x-men
person she she is a bigger x-men
collector than anyone I know like yeah
all the old books loves x-men that's
like oh you know we should really watch
tasty fresh some people are getting no
oh really oh she hated that movie more
than I did
oh wow doesn't make sense doesn't make
sense
and I said I don't doesn't matter if
anyone lives or died because they have
time-travel powers I know honey
all right said my fire
psylocke is gonna be a horseman no I
hope that's not true
genti Shylock's an interesting character
but I suppose there's a Livia Munn in
there and you don't want her to talk too
much that's yeah what did she become a
thing I know she did like the attack the
show stuff way back when why is she in
big movies now that's what she wants to
do
who's putting her in them dumbass Bryan
Singer inventor of bad decisions oh I
know that's I'm being very catty and
embarrassing that's that's it's unfair
of me I don't think she's a terribly
good actress I also don't like her for
personal reasons but so that's um it's
unfair of me to say that Bryan Singer
I'm sure is nice except for the underage
sex parties that he has allegedly
allegedly allegedly all the photographic
evidence of those parties could be
completely it could be all of the well
corroborated well corroborated
eyewitness accounts could be falsified
we don't know absolutely allegedly
allegedly it's fine so I'm not I'm not
looking forward to apocalypse I guess is
what I'm saying
hopefully it does well enough where
people become okay getting bitch
expanding the idea of superhero costumes
in movies I don't think they look good
in Apocalypse but you know Deadpool has
a nice looking costume yeah it's it's a
leather suit but it's a nice-looking
costume
let's bring some color back into yeah I
know Bryan Singer invented the whole let
everyone wear leather thing yeah well
then they made a dumb ass joke about it
in the first movie when they're wearing
their suits towards the end you ever
that like what would you prefer yellow
and yellow spandex yeah and that's when
everyone in the theater goes yes
literally yeah we like we already like
him because he wears yellow spandex oh
sorry
I don't you know what I died I know
things about her being a fake geek girl
Tiberius Kirk says she's oh yeah she
originated that she's the epitome of
fake geek girls basically huh epitome
you're right
sorry it's getting nice food it's
getting late and Jack needs food it's
the epitome of fake geek girl she
basically piggyback through courier I'm
being attractive enough for Ladd Meg's
but not modeling her playboy middling
actress I from the 8th the people who I
know who know her that I can tell you
that is an inaccurate statement no first
of like first of all this whole fake
geek girl there that does not exist yes
it does you you like something or you
don't who cares if you just started
liking it it doesn't matter I think
that's a dumb pleasure pretending you
like but that's that's what people mean
is it's they were there pretending to
like it sure did fit a certain angle and
specifically for Olivia Munn and again
this is speaking from people who know
her she is into these things
nobody knows how long she's been into
them but she is actually into comic
books into video games she got that job
on attack of the show possibly because
of her good looks but also she knew what
she was talking about and coming from
people who know her so Jack doesn't
think people pretend to like things to
fit in he never went to high school I
genuinely think highly of people which
is wrong and I know that I liked I would
like to think that people wouldn't have
to lie but hey whatever that's why it
doesn't matter because Basu I'm talking
specifically about Olivia Munn I think I
do think she gets a bad rap because of
how she looks I think it's more whether
she's genuine or not she's what kind of
started that whole idea of like the
super hot nerd girl mmm but other people
the phonies came after of people kind of
taking that scuzz like oh there's a sure
there's a market for this there's an
angle for this so other people an
attractive lady who likes video games
yeah that sells okay let's make that
happen okay I guess I could see that so
she's kind of the poster child she's the
one let's start it whether it applies to
her or not right is it relevant okay I
guess I could see that I you know I'd I
guess don't harsh on her because she may
or may not like things harsh on her
because she's a bad actress there's that
yeah
when is Shatner gonna take heat for
being a fake geek guy right like he
gives a shit about Star Trek no fucking
Soros who damaged fucking useless
you know what Shatner really loves
Shatner Shatner had money money that he
gets from talking about how much he
loves being Shatner yeah did you ever
see what was like the VHS he made or DVD
he made with Leonard Nimoy and it's
literally just the two of them sitting
by his pool no I'm not it's like
unedited footage it's like a real DVD
that they sold yeah and it's just
unedited footage of them sitting by a
pool talking about Star Trek for like
two hours just them having a
conversation I would seem that billion
dollars is terrible
I'm sorry rich not sorry enough I'm not
but no you know what I like x-force I
think there's some fun in there I'm not
I think it's a good x-force would be a
great candidate for a good r-rated
superhero movie yeah there could be some
fun in there x-force is getting that
that's even fringe for people who like
comic books though yeah I don't know
anything about x-force so we're starting
so those guardians of the galaxy
so was guarding nuts so it could be a
good jumping-off point but we're
starting to get to that we're starting
to get to that I mean even Deadpool yeah
Deadpool is pretty fringe yeah the pools
been growing in popularity in recent
years but we're not talk about comic
book people how about general audiences
Yeah right for general audiences don't
know Deadpool is and that's I saw some
comments after our Deadpool episode that
we're like Deadpool wasn't successful
because it took risks it was successful
because it stuck to the character I was
like Joe Blow going to the theater
doesn't know who this character is
that's not what it was about that's good
that they stuck to the character because
then the people that were already fans
of the character I'm happy but the the
0.5% of an audience knows who Deadpool
is sticking to the character was a
symptom of someone having a vision yeah
again going back to it being made by a
person right sticking to the character
was a symptom of that not the other way
around I am going to fucking murder
everything in this room all right do it
give it to the execute plan but none of
those things are in this game no oh look
at that comic the comical stars and
Boyd's
it was a symptom of Ryan realms exactly
exactly
no well not just Reiner I was also the
director you know like people people who
made that movie cared about making that
movie I know rich is upset
well let's sucked I lost a good soldier
for nothing now it's pretty sweet
million blood spattering
one dead two wounded mission failed
that's a kick to the balls
I should have extracted once the once
the objectives failed they got some
murders in that'll help level up yeah
none of that makes up for the loss of a
high rank credit here yeah yeah I'm also
happy that Ryan Reynolds finally got to
make a good comic book movie I just like
that Ryan Reynolds no I don't know
handsome I don't ruin the last time I
failed a mission in any way then well
that's good that's yes that means this
game is appropriately challenging and I
do have the higher-level equipment right
now so
alright this this just in from
gobbledygook
Star Wars The Force awakens is hitting
iTunes exclusively on March 15th oh wow
what is the dude when is the blu-ray
come on what do you think of that
enjoy your crap enjoy your silly fantasy
crap
thought you might mention that that it
was interesting that they were giving
digital some sort of big exclusive it
needs now they're gonna have glowing
swords bad that uh that's very
interesting I mean yeah iTunes have been
has been doing that I don't know what
the blue oh really I didn't even counter
the event uh because he failed I should
have won for them Ranger the major I
really think you should have major
Ranger made the major lazer uh painful
fucking painful I'm looking up on the
blu-ray comes out yeah cuz iTunes will
do that where it'll be available like a
couple weeks to purchase before it's
available to rent or before the blu-ray
comes out yeah so I don't know if this
is like extremely in advance or I don't
well the blu-ray Amazon leaked April 5th
yeah for the blu-ray release so that's a
couple of weeks before and and this is
not according to tech times I don't know
it is unconfirmed whether this March
15th oh god don't ever don't ever fuck
off website don't you ever play noise
you're gonna have forced ads that video
ads no don't don't have the volume set
all the way up this is the most
obnoxious thing I think having them
forced ads with audio
at all is annoying agreed get rid of it
completely so it's like two weeks that's
about average yeah so that's fine yeah
so that's there's nothing different
about that yeah if that's the case yeah
I mean I guess I in my head the blu-ray
wasn't even coming out until much much
later so it's like if it was a couple
months that'd be a big deal but now
that's fine I might wait for the blu-ray
just for I guess it I guess it depends
on what extras come to iTunes yeah it's
got all the extras the only blu-ray I
care about is Krampus there's no release
date yet for Krampus goddamn it maybe
they're gonna wait till it's closer to
the to Christmas so they can have it be
a holiday tie-in and I don't want to
wait that long movies are supposed to
come out three months after the theater
yeah
and gob according to tech times the the
article that you linked to here it is
unconfirmed March 15th is unconfirmed on
iTunes even April 5th is unconfirmed
Amazon leaked to that date so that's
even a not official if it is that's just
a couple weeks sooner and I think that's
fine there's they do that all the time
with exclusive time to releases
everybody here should be video game
people you know about timed releases you
know what's going on I didn't I didn't
know that soon that's good what's oh oh
oh my god Jay do you have anything to
say I have not seen the witch but maybe
I will go see it right now oh I won't by
the way but I could I I'm gonna I'm
gonna stand up and then I'm gonna sit
down and read the subscribers everybody
should stand up because it's time to
stand up I just stood up so I'm good
when was the last time you're happy I
was happy plenty today right now rich
Evans is hanging out with his friends
and playing
XCOM - are you saying he's incredibly
happy right now
oh yeah you gotta hang out with your
friends to play games well you know jack
I don't love I don't love Star Wars so I
must not be a happy person it's true
okay
good save mom when will Jay get his own
face for the twitch didn't I make a Jay
emote already oh I might not have what
the fuck I'm sorry
well we need 900 more subscribers we 900
more he's is very I'm sorry if I haven't
I may I know I made I made science man
Mike as a no really as any mode I
thought that could unite us man
dual-purpose get a my key mode in there
and scientist man yeah for explaining
stuff no it's fun very important so I'll
have to find I'll have to find an
appropriate J mode all right an
appropriate J face any of the ones are
making my dumb face like the Prometheus
video yeah that works
those are great cracker man 526 13
months in a row man orc self by sector
Xena trope for 19 months in a row oh my
god yeah November for real November
tango 19
that's a Mighty Morphin Power Ranger
move November tango 19 go oops
Power Rangers i okay that's I think that
started early wouldn't you added Power
Rangers start I was probably too old
when I started watching it I'll be I was
then I was definitely too old yeah it
was like early 90s right
no yes early late 90s late no not late
90s late 90s I know it was in the same
era - the same block that Batman the
Animated Series
hold on and I had to watch Batman the
Animated Series yeah
I'm googling it right I I want to say
early 90s early to mid at the latest
smiling strange 18 months in a row black
Phoenix nest ball rat quelle red go red
camel reco reco reco ball rental 17
months in a row 1993 okay yeah read my
letter er no edge junkie hmm Theodore J
hooker 18 months in a row Ben Zion mah
goo baby oh yes it may be what you got
there go on Owen John actually J Krampus
comes out on April 26 oh it doesn't
really stay there last I checked a
dinner that's according to cinnamon who
might be a horrible liar Perkins pancake
house yeah pancakes read the perfect
that's as good as you're gonna say that
yeah I thought that was pretty good
jars just crusts sweet Montgomery crisp
waffle tale mag 1250
scene 20 months in a row yeah yeah yeah
hey i f in amman F in yeah F in Amman it
sounds it sounds like someone's trying
to say the sweet stuff that you put on
toast I like my toast with a phenomenal
new lender is that a zoo and I like to
put sugar and the phenomenon Michael
Zoolander have to do with anything
Adlai Stevenson I'm still liking my
opinon do do you like my cereal a
feminine top crunch I'm not sure against
who but that's offensive I'm serious
that's offensive against somebody that's
offensive to Jimmy Mills
I'm General Mills shaming yeah you're
right you're right
I will put my chin d99
and purebred gentlemen thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we've really do alright this
is one say one more time what we're
going well we're dead before before I
long out here about next time send us
your ex come to question over the devs
that's true if you missed it earlier we
are gonna get an interview with the
ex-con people at some point so tweet
tweet or email your question firmed
interview confer at us you're trying to
get one no we have no no we're going to
get an interview we're just gonna
schedule it yet but we're working they
tweet and we're gonna email tweet us at
previously rec or you can email us at
pre req at red letter media dot-com and
send us your questions and if we run out
of our questions we will ask your
questions if they're good questions
don't ask questions about their dicks
