Mar 20, 2016
Police Quest II: The Vengeance
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/65865212
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/65865517
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/65865758
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/65865920
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qS-TvaxV-Is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfPRC2bysCY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kC0j6p9XYM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0NdrrH77eQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/711636626493939712

[Part I]
we know it says for streaming usually
the check us mounts usually usually you
guys say something
oh hello it's nobody gives you shit
today nobody gives you shit the name
apparently not or we're not streaming
even though OBS says we are
I think everyone's too worried about the
Batman vs Superman movie I really
thought that came out last weekend it's
just like a like a huge delay I guess
there could be a huge way Elson oh there
is a huge delay look now yeah yeah huge
delay what what is it going on with
twitch they're changing a server or
something because Amazon bought twitch
yeah a while ago and now twitch is
switching over their servers to the
Amazon servers yeah and so we we have to
update our chatty which we use chatty to
keep track of your chat while we stream
and we have unfortunately with the
watcher beefcakes twitter is not
functional so some of the mods will have
to keep track of our subscribers and
also apparently there is a huge lag
between when we say stuff and when it
goes live so well ladies we're streaming
oh shit one more thing to do as long as
you're out of the game is turned down
the OBS volume in the mixer that sub did
not show up by the way okay Eric luxury
great the subject and and beefcake knows
about the problem beefcake who's gonna
work on it for us but he said it won't
be ready you need to mix her yeah yeah I
clicked on the wrong thing that I don't
that happens occasionally I didn't know
I was making sure so beefcake said he's
gonna work on it for Wednesday obviously
it's just a nice thing you've made for
us so no rush beef cake but got to him
at him aside right I've got pen and
paper ready for the subs oh thank you
beefcake we really really appreciate
that
so everybody women we get up the
copyright protection thing
one moment
Kriegers
783 thank you for subscribing I'm going
up we're gonna get him no beefcake is
writing them down for us
well if I can get some as we're going
that helps I say suppose you're right
but it's like them words that the first
I'd I know I don't know that I think
that was the first I there could have
been another one I don't I just don't
eighteen months in a row
Krieger seven eight three okay and
favorite customer thank you for
subscribing oh oh shit where's all my
police question oh you're missing tabs
this is it that hard a person this is
really hard
beer Meister 2089 that looks like an a
the zeros in the AIDS they were there
very close thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
I'm a terrible detective your eyes and
what twenty eight twenty eight twenty
eighteen twenty eight I was right
alright okay hold on where was it that's
fine
where was I let's see if the check even
with a huge delay let's see if the chat
can be jacked to the copyright
protection on this blonde dude here keep
my eye out can you be jack even with the
comically large delay oh oh I got it I
got it
a beer Meister 2018 you don't have to
apologize it's the font on Shetty that
has to apologize your neighbors your
name wait I thought I had it looking
looking at the monitor from over here
and and DOSBox really fucks with the
dual monitor so I don't have chatty font
does not as large as I would like it on
the side of
mmm it's hard to tell the difference
with my old man eyes alright somebody
saying Gutierrez sure I want chanting
someone else that you had to confirm
that before I click on it cuz it's wrong
as we know if I'm wrong
oh here it is oh I got it what is it who
is it blond guy deke deke somebody else
somebody did get it think that was a
dick earlier but it was so early I
thought there's no way I found it I
found it
it took me way too long to find that I'm
really sorry yeah she can't you one day
IC ke y di c ke one deke good work good
work chats up no that's true that's true
no that's true and good work jack
I found it eventually and I have the
manual Holden oh we're at the start of a
new day are the start of a new who
remembers what happened yeah yeah
anonymous wants to know does this cost
money real money I need to talk to my
financial adviser about this
something-something hack frauds well
thank you anonymous thank you Oh bother
rich said thank you chant thank you Oh
bother
well I'd scrolled up I didn't notice who
said Oh deke first thank you it will
bother Oh and rich you got all tab again
why Jack so you can move our face cam to
the right side of the screen right
because it's in the way that's fine
people can that's fine that's fine then
people can't see you like thank you
should we make a small well if you would
do what you want to do rich Omega small
earth text boxes text boxes are even
more visible be tiny
Ratman smash puny Superman I just do you
bleed like an all weekend oh go Batman
towards make Angry so you might notice
that we don't have the compressor
because the hiss nose was a little too
much so you know your ears might be
bleeding I really thought that came out
this weekend for some reason I had it in
my head that it came out the same
weekend as daredevil and so all all
weekend I'm like checking the news to
see like how well it's doing at the box
office I was like wow it must be tanking
I'm not hearing any news on it one of
Justice it must it must really be
tanking Dan so I can't make jokes
because I don't have a compressor round
that's just fucking peachy if you're
gonna yell rich just lean back here no
no like so here's what you do so like I
won't think to do that and knock into it
and then if you yell you yell appear a
way for the microphone I'm always loud
wonder I just keep the mic a little bit
full sure or that or that sounds bad but
I go bad smash and dreamer TK you might
have told me that it came out next
weekend instead of this weekend or
whatever but I forgot and all weekend I
can check my phone there might not be a
stream Wednesday oh yeah heads up if it
might come out on Wednesday and there
might not be a stream or there might be
just a solo stream because no matter
what at least one of us is gonna have to
go see it right away
exit rich can't it not be live that's
true
do you have your keys
yeah the first thing I did great great
all right here we go
new planket review does not come out
tomorrow but a previously recorded comes
out tomorrow oh well I will be done
editing the episode tonight / tomorrow
morning and and that'll go up tomorrow
our new prereq which I'm excited about
it's a good conversation and it's
another it's another like short and
tight one like like super like like like
Firewatch if you see Batman vs Superman
Wednesday does rich want to postpone V
the miniseries a week more I'm not sure
no no it's fine it's fine
Thursday I'll be fine all right
I got my gun and got my ammo for my gun
okay great what are we doing now I
forgot like we're just weird eight weird
eh - okay
hey yak what do you think of the new car
that rich got please express your
thoughts on both the make and model and
license plate number I have not written
in it yet it's just a practical car it's
just a car or truck or minivan I'm Jesus
oh you even let them know that yeah
that's going out and limb they're right
hey bunch we have a traffic cop standing
by down the old warehouse district
well what did seven victim they called
one eight seven on a motherfucking cop
look old warehouse district old
warehouse district let you come in the
back of the head oh no Sonny
your dress is 160 West Rose take
anything home blur boom let's go
no ever gonna know I got no tea no quick
note on my notebook
I was in again I forget somewhere
somewhere I didn't write it down
now I don't know where to go oh wait we
already have 160 West Road has written
down I think we started this and then we
stopped okay
shortly after oh and I have I have pixel
to tits address as well nice nice
yeah yeah what get on the trolley Jack
what No
uh oh you you you go ahead that pod now
I'll be right out I'm gonna I'm gonna
stay back here and do nothing suspicious
at all I won't be I won't be doing
anything I gotta I gotta call the wife
make them a meatloaf sandwich okay great
come axion if if I do a solo stream on
Wednesday I will be playing sultan
sanctuary it it looks fun
the
art-style looks like it was drawn by a
seven-year-old though I don't know like
it looks like an incredibly ugly game I
watched a video of it I was like hey I'm
excited to play it I bought it so I got
I bought it but so if I do a solo stream
on Wednesday and I only assume I will be
because rich will be seeing a movie
wrong car I will play that on Wednesday
that's my plan
most viable time bonds
what no neither of us have played
starter Valiant I haven't I'm going to
shortly hmm I played it a little bit
actually
I started it I found out something
interesting about stardew valley yes
made entirely by one person really yes
and you can tell they're not an artist
okay some way some of the sprites are
just just hideous just hideous that's
that's fine it's fine it's fine
and the the village itself looks like a
kind of cluttered mess but people seem
to be enjoying it everybody's playing it
purple space bazooka says hey guys would
you be interested in some ps4 games and
a DVD boxset of the wire yeah sure why
not give me yeah no I don't want things
free things I hate free things also you
can skip the division that burn through
it in a weekend it was nothing special
thanks and lol fuck my cock we were
planning on skipping the division anyway
it does not look like our thing but if
you have extra ps4 games send them we're
always looking to be fair Dragon's Dogma
looks awful generic and while it is
awful generic it was still fun so fun
that's true you know what rich you're
right that's why you always even even if
you don't think it's gonna be your thing
you got to give it a chance if you don't
have to you should you don't have to
give it because then you're giving every
literally every everything everything a
chance all the time you'll you'll spend
24 hours a day the rest of your life
just playing random games you know 99%
of which you hate yep yeah but you gotta
give it a try
you gotta give it a try rich so you
don't always always gotta give it a try
would we be interested in 25 free copies
of the order 1886 yes we could find
really fun ways to destroy them yeah
actually we could do that we could we
could make a a weekly video series in
which every week for 25 weeks we find a
new way to destroy the order 1886 that's
not bad that's not bad
so if you have 25 copies of the order
1886 or just a copy that you're looking
to get destroyed in a special way send
it our way we'll find a new way to
destroy it comin coming this fall
in any case purple space bazooka I don't
know I mean about the wire but the ps4
games sure and if you have the wire you
know people like the wire what was
Murray's address I don't know if it'll
let us but I'm just curious - - - West
peach yeah I'm sure there's nothing to
worry about so let's not waste any more
time thanks is all look cut off weird
yeah okay dispatch five three Mary two
is ten eight from the office Roger
coffees from the office it's letting us
drive there oh no we're gonna we're in a
fuck of the game or what we're doing
something it doesn't want us to do oh
whoa we're going to peach yeah yeah it's
like it's driver let's find out let's
find out what happens after yesterday I
was hoping for a slow day hole yeah - me
too - - to West Beach Street you're
giving it your all with this with this
dialog but you know what you're all the
dispatch back and forth is the most
boring dialogue you got it you got
that's why you got a wacky it up you
have the power to impro improvise sure I
have the power
the princess said constructed by Oscar
Cato incorporated this track was
completed back in January 1978 three
days before the Dallas Cowboys defeated
the Denver Broncos by a score of 27 to
10 in Super Bowl XII 12 for the laban I
know all of the football because you're
a man there is a note pinned to the door
look at note take it off the door first
I should take the door of the note off
the door before I could maybe it's
folded up get note good note
is he gonna Chad me it's telling me it's
the letter and I have to call it a
letter it's a flashback what happened to
the other time take the note off the
door read note the note says I've gotten
read note the note says dear Sonny God
shopping love Murray open this is
Murray's house door is lack you can kick
down door rifle through underwear drawer
fortunately I know there is a spare key
hidden above the door I get the key
unlock the door and replace the key I'm
horrible oh we're skipping ahead I'm
gonna go back the appearance of Murray's
living room speaks for itself
my heart sinks in my head studs oh she
got kidnapped she's obviously been
kidding she's kidnapped Oh Murray I
think what is the maniac done to you all
right we're going back we're going back
I'm not you don't like that you know I'm
skipping no no all right drive - what
was the actual place we have to go 160
west of Rose Ridge Mall Tamar I'm you
know I like the games I like I dislike
the games I dislike I and I cannot help
it you
the regu Altima was saying I'm not sure
which I like more when you guys dislike
a game that general audience is like
like alien or when you like a game that
general audience is dislike like
Firewatch dude general audiences dislike
Firewatch I think well sure we're split
on that but and I think everybody's foot
on our comments by the way the comments
on that episode are split 50/50 half the
people are like yeah I'm with Jack that
games really fun and half the people are
like with rich and saying what's wrong
with you Jack that game is bullshit half
50-50 split just like we are we are
representative of all the though
Internet
Jack and you just agree with my opinion
all the time please I will try just this
guy you know it's who always agree with
your opinion
don't don't about things you don't like
says favorite customer yeah that's good
advice
to be fair Jack got majority screen time
in that episode I don't think so well
it's about the time Asadi I try to make
it even in my editing and there's a guy
with a blood dripping from the tank he
says oh the door was I is that a lock
that one of the keys on the side I said
I'll uh I'll uh staring a barber man I
took at the keys and open the trunk and
that's when I found on the manor with a
hornet of his hand
oh no this car is that is a registered
or woody Roberts O'Connor the Cardinal
are you gonna take Oliver to this
amazing Sonny I never I wash my hands if
I have to go make up like a pasta I
could make a pasta my family people good
yes like I call it a copper pasta I make
little badges and a gooey just like a
mummy I don't go back on the pizza pie
it's nice you have to say oh sure Keith
I'll search the cast on you can examine
the trunk
you guys wanna I see the blood coming
out keep-keep gonna do something no I'm
from a pretty useless detective I'm I'm
more here just to really just to make
you I'm lucky a wingman some people be
like how's that Sonny Bonzo he's a great
detective
oh yeah that's all to work I just float
along with you really I'm just here to
be a bullet sponge or a red herring
everyone thinks I'm bad
you're writing the cream all the way to
the top that's what looking over this
scene in this rundown area of Lydon I
see officer Mario Gallucci and a goblin
it's trunk open great dr. Mario a nice
non stereotypical Italian name it's all
about knows it at all days I put the
like it's Saturday why are you a racist
step oh my god a racist stereotype you
will not need to use the word racist in
this game very positive message but it's
completely unrealistic we're talking
about the police can't we learn a lesson
from this game we don't need to use the
word racist again guy the victims guy
there's no obvious clues I suspect that
the murderer the murder was committed
elsewhere yeah looking trunk yes I'm
gonna get my kid fist oh yeah
open trunk get kid closed trunk use
powder on car wash open the kit first
open kid not that's right one finger
pointing at someone else is three
fingers pointing back at you
gainfully I apply the fingerprint powder
and not wig processing okay now with
probably this is this is fucking
fingerprint powder powder does that ever
come into use Tiberius Kirk says on the
compressor could be an impedance mitchum
mismatch the compressor is not sending
enough signal to match the zoom nice
yeah if I do it in this screen that
could be I try to I tried to fiddling
with a bunch of settings on the
compressor and it didn't seem to how I
work but I also tried like you know
turned phantom power off on the zoom
turn the compressor off on the channel
on the zoom and nothing really seemed to
be working I will figure it out and it
might just be a bum compressor
no actually the input gain is set to
negative input gain is set to negative
ten and if I turn it down anymore I'll
need to turn it up on the zoom and we
have the exact same problem that hiss is
just there can you write down the
license plate number California to be CW
- five six - B C W - five six California
and this is a green it's green with a
dead guy in it green car okay great
looks like he took a bullet the head
there are no other obvious wounds check
vitals um how's it phrased in the manual
like like oh yeah yeah yeah we we have
there is a very specific procedure but
first oh actually we have a couple tips
sorry I missed an anonymous earlier says
hey are you guys going to e3 this year
time to write you know what not only are
we not going to e3 we're probably not
gonna do a video or anything because
those are always it awful they're just
awful we sit in like for six hours and
watch all the conferences and it's
terrible time
thanks Tiberius Kirk I will read that
later also gruff McMillan area and now
for another gritty episode of prereq PD
starring rich Evans as sergeant Anthony
Bologna Bologna sergeant Anthony Bologna
known by the punks of Lytton as Tony
baloney
okay I like it I like a crop okay anyway
to the manual where I got to do to this
corpse I will tell you in a moment
we should do three games and start with
the letter e ah
III I'm not a terrible idea not a
terrible idea
oh I had a I have a fun idea maybe I
can't say soak up to you people but I'll
tell rich later you know what we'll give
a special advance to anybody who can
lip-read what what's the
you
okay
where the game go what here okay there
okay let's see here
oh that's right we are looking on Jack
has an idea it's a lot a baboon drive a
tank no I think we're wasting time the
karna is arriving Sonny oh well there's
no I felony arrest procedures the use of
firearms homicide investigation
okay I'm going to I'm gonna load a save
so we can do things we might oh all
right fine thanks what's a did you the
last one I have drive to the 160 West
something goddamnit a region that's fine
it's fine
West Rose
I say the racist things I up a bar but
yabba-doo it's uh yabba-dabba-doo okay
I'm gonna not help that's me I'm gonna
go to the front seat here smoke
cigarettes I'm gonna get drunk all right
they were caught up already that's where
you gonna scratch my balls okay so one
thing you should do is check for vital
signs once you get there okay
if doubtful treat the victim as alive
okay
check vital signs the man has no pulse
no breath shows no signs of having and
shows signs of having been dead for
several hours okay now we gather
evidence search the surrounding area
recognize out of place unusual or
damaged items take photos as soon as
possible
take photos yeah I take pictures of a
murder scene and return the camera to
the get dust for prints prior to
handling an object worth trying okay
collect appropriate samples Serge body
searching thoroughly I find it a quarter
of an envelope clutched in the victims
left hand powder envelope yep
yes carefully I have no word processing
that's right okay it's fucking worthless
why do I carry this shit with me so
sorry if I need powder I shouldn't use
cocaine because at least I can snort
that get some kind of fucking USANA then
you put the envelope in a bag gathered a
and the the envelope thing can you do
the thing get envelope
look at hand yeah why won't you let me
get the fucking envelope collect
appropriate samples I look at the blood
and I don't feel squeamish at all
because you're a man
damn straight news dropper I use the
eyedropper to draw up some of the
victim's blood nice turn the dropper to
the kit and add the vial of blood to my
inventory of evidence get note get
letter you already took it
good thing you can't get that you can't
get that rich no thank you what do I
have okay
can you put envelope in bag here open
victims hand is that something you can
say you have no reason to do that open
hand not sure what I'm not sure why you
would want to open the victims hand
because he has something in it
horrible dick I see what appears to be
powder burns around the wound indicating
the gun was very close to the victim's
head okay okay
get the fucking envelope you can't get
that
why not the good game we try to open
hand and it didn't work right just you
just said open hand use fingerprint use
powder on envelope let's try that again
why not use powder on envelope not work
process okay they say type exactly this
take envelope you can't get nothing okay
um you get the envelope in your next
location they're saying how stupid is
that
that's that's pretty stupid we should be
collecting that as evidence putting it
in the baggie
well you got the eyedropper right you
got the you took pictures Yeah right and
then we just call the corner there's a
dead person in the trunk
great all right plastic baggie there's
nothing I put the cam in the baggie they
use the camera well it's like you should
put it like put envelope in baggie just
in case
I don't know how I feel about the Chad
reading like guides and something's oh
is that what that's yeah hey hey Chad so
they can feel about that we don't have
tweezers because movies do urgent why is
this why is this better than point and
clicking because point and click it's
just that's fun I'm solving I'm solving
the puzzle here you have to use a
different part of your brain and it's
very yeah like like remember that that
puzzle with a locker finding the locker
combination
turnover card mm-hmm how do you do that
to point-and-click where you're we're
weird we're actually using your head to
do that not just clicking that thing
it'll something happens Oh what if I
turn the card over you have to use your
brain to think outside of the box and
that's what this has over a point and
click the the downside to games like
this is sometimes the logic is very yes
yes there is a downside yes I'll take
I'll take the pros with the cons I'm
with you I'm with you I'm with you I'm
going to assume that's all we can do
then probably safe yeah
oh sorry oh hey here comes the meat
wagon yeah but if the grocer by
assigning how's it with the person gonna
do that do another is really you gotta
send the vino-antica where is this body
I don't see nobody
yeah let me guess
the drunk of course where else would it
be
I've I've been drinking just get the
body out of the trunk I know I hate you
I've had the most yes very bomb
definitely looks like the fusion how the
fuck did you get this job Jerry I
I have dirty pictures of the
commissioner you need me that Irish up
your coffee hour over the body as soon
as your yes I'm done I think I'm done oh
well this is a is heavy man it hurts
just not into this one Jack I'm being a
drunk guy okay okay I don't like my
drunk guy boy yeah you're drunk guy
doesn't care what's going on your
dispatch voice he just did he'll care I
was I was the dispatch voice was me not
carrying this was the the drunk that I
was in character race all right he was
that has fair enough office to go
Meredith officer Eagle epsy and the
quarter struggled and carried the victim
into the back of the coroner's vehicle
lies
I had dig up a date wait so I couldn't
get the envelope oh do we maybe we can
go to the coroner's office later
hold on search trick maybe it's just
lying in there now oh sure Oh find a
note which had been hidden by the way
body powder first yep powder powder note
open kit powder nodes use powder on no
gainfully I applied never precedent if
hold on if we never have to use that
powder mr. anonymous once once asked us
if we can read some more 101 wacky kid
jokes not at the not at this time let's
see here the note I found beneath
Woody's buddy iron is written you're a
dead man Sonny bunts oh no God
turn over notice anything on the back
but no tin bag
I have no reason I Drive why would I
wanted to put the evidence in a bag
which I would make any sense goddamn
game
and then do you find the subjects on me
yes that's a great I hope it helps to
catch you the Meritor and they want you
dead they don't care I have me really if
you die a job position opens up for my
family 15 children there's another matzo
balls a matzo balls wait that's a this
is Jewish that's a well yeah spaghetti
is so much forgetty
am i just immune to caffeine now it's
way after appropriate coffee Sam well I
plan on staying up a little later and
it's a small one I've reduced its it's
just a it's a small coffee of course you
haven't found any clues Keith cuz yet
Keith and you don't find clues
i I've been I've been up here scratching
my balls for five minutes haven't found
anything in the sack
Batman smash Batman it's bother
Badman like Wonder Woman we're gonna get
a Batman that's like like Frank Miller's
all-star batman and robin egg blue
really I'm just that's where the goddamn
Batman comes from the goddamn Batman I'm
the goddamn Batman it's a thing okay
ex comics twitch welcome to the chat
yeah you came in at a weird time you
came in at a weird time we were doing
Batman impressions and I'm sorry if you
came in at just that moment like oh I
want to watch someone play an old Sierra
text adventure game Batman it's BA
Jesus Christ what kind of game Chuck did
I get into a yeah ah Jesus Joe is this
Christ I am I'm the Batman Forever Bane
I'm like basically I'm just solomon
grundy at this point I'm Batman Solomon
Grundy

[Part II]
hmm Oh dispatch factory married to be
advised we are enroute to the office hey
getting to the office all right
five right bad rulers don't fall the
copying rotary overs yeah sorry
what sort of product do you use in your
hand I like it fine three married to ten
seven at the office
mostly moose to bed Katz's breeches
favorite Batman the one from the
animated series that's everybody's
favorite Batman yes oh how is that not
everybody's favorite bad best Batman
it's the best Batman
grab something we're missing a ton of
evidence I don't know what the fuck was
that
did you hear that ghost did you hear
that ghost so I did not know can we go
to the coroner's office and try to get
that envelope let's do that I don't
think it's gonna let us because I
haven't seen that yet go watch Batman
the Animated Series and come back and
tell I mean and then you can tell us
that what are they saying someone is
saying I've never seen Batman the
Animated Series Oh what is the best DCAU
Batman because he's probably written a
because they they they're a bit more on
point with his character and like the
Justice League
the animated Justice yeah yeah that was
really good in that show yeah yeah
because it's like the last thing they
did they really knew what they were
fucking doing with Batman at that point
yeah also he's really good in that show
because he's almost never there yeah
Batman just goes no I'm not dealing with
that you deal with him good no watch
yourself some Batman the Animated Series
one just a fun show great Batman show
Kevin Conroy Mark Hamill's the Joker
best batman forever ever ever
but did that hold that hold universe
The Adventures of Superman Batman the
animated series Justice League like that
trifecta with some great stuff yeah yeah
arguably the one in Batman Beyond is
magnificent to the grumpy old one who's
still a badass yeah you know I think
there were some good Batman Beyond stuff
go go to the coroner's office I try that
again do it
get out of here try go there I don't
think it would let me I haven't seen
Batman T mmt or Star Trek I'm a bad nerd
you know yeah you are a bad nerd no if
you're not into those things you're not
into those things I'm gonna see your bed
nerd get around to him
babe but the Fitbit I'm sorry what
it read office my spelling wrong coronor
is the corner in the police station yep
yeah so what are we missing what are we
missing
well we need to get that envelope shard
right do we it wouldn't let me take it
did we want to load and try and get that
envelope he was clutching and I mean I
just want to know what it is the one
thing I don't like about Sierra games is
the the missable stuff yeah a lot of
these games have stuff you can miss you
can you can work yourself into a
dead-end yes oh you're so sorry I did
miss a tip gruff McMillan Terry says why
are you trying to turn over the note
this isn't the order 1886 you know
there's a lot of note turning over and
stuff in Firewatch too you could pick up
stuff and like yeah turn around yeah
it's nice though world-building yeah
look at a picture of you and you and
your crippled wife pick up old books
look at the back side look at the front
side and a tall book world that's great
once nightmare
I don't know what to do do do do do it
dude III don't I don't know what to say
I feel like oh and we're here yeah we
need that known right okay something I
did see them say in the chat earlier you
see a corner of an envelope do we need
to say look at corner look at corner of
envelope grab corner of envelope
this other bullshit that right there is
other bullshit and that's that
I think this like that that's the worst
kind oh yeah the corner of the envelope
but you can't say grab the envelope you
know why it's not a whole level of it's
just a quarter of an envelope so you
can't grab the whole light bulb so how
dare you I said grab the fucking
envelope we called it an envelope fuck
that
okay okay remember remember before how
we're talking about like the the good
side and the bad side of the point and
clicks yep that's it nope oh well that's
probably who that is right bill Cole's
seven five three hold on
dub dub dub dub dub kool seven just to
some degree I think the problem with
Sierra is they wanted you to use their
1-800 number no I'm serious
you really think I'm serious yeah
bullshit look just because I'm annoyed
at one puzzle does not mean I have given
up on life right
I believe that when these kind of games
are done right when they're done right
they're far better than pointing clicks
that's my personal opinion that I know
everyone else disagrees with and I don't
care and you know what I will go ahead
and agree with you I think when you run
into some situation like this though
it's tough like that's a tough dude not
to do it did we get all the other
samples and stuff too soon aimless
Corsair said one of the things that
makes Batman the Animated Series awesome
is that despite being largely marketed
to kids it didn't patronize them yeah
the stories were great and that's why it
still holds up absolutely the stories
were great they were weird they were
dark it was a slow show
all right I've already got the blood
which I'm assuming means already got
everything else okay okay
I've got Batman in my basement I don't
remember the time that Batman used
penguins poisoned hummingbirds to stab
an emu remember which do you remember
when Batman used penguins poison
hummingbirds to stab an emu yes yes I do
that specifically and is that true is
that a Batman the Animated Series
invented Harley Quinn yeah oh yeah
that's true yeah that's great she was
based on actress that I think the Wonder
did the voice that what's his name the
writer knew I'm trying to blink on his
fucking name one of the big writers in
that show I don't know I don't know
stuff like that writers and Oh mr. J but
no he was he was friends with the
actress too the voice you wrote the part
for her oh yeah that's great Paul Dini
Paul Dini yep Paul Dini
I do know that they are responsible for
the reinvention of mr. Frese yes yeah
or possibly invention of mr. freeze
right because wasn't it just captain
cold before then no it was mr. freeze
just lame definitely it definitely needs
a blu-ray release the off switch says I
watched your FTL stream and you've done
your Irish ancestors proud the sins of
your father have been atoned okay
because of your FTL no pause run and you
know what rich I'll go ahead and agree
yeah and my anti ancestry read where I I
said ancestry is bullshit absolutely the
you you have secured your place in
Valhalla because of your FTL no pause
absolutely there's a great run it was
just great fucking run
captain cold wasn't Megaman there was a
captain there's the flesh I think flash
fights captain cold he's in Quebec
captain Cole - but he's in the DC
Universe
he's a DC villain sure but he's not
there was mr. freeze he was a thing he
existed he was he was on the 60 show I
think Captain cold with no that was mr.
freeze I was mr. freeze yes that was mr.
fucking freeze okay did you get all the
shit I saved
I saved you saved yep great I don't
think the Irish are allowed into
Valhalla well it's because no no Irish
has yet to do an FTL no pause run that's
why I dare you you know Sonny some
crazies are trying to ban smoking but
you know it doesn't bother you does it
I'm Sonny buns and know what that does
not bother Sonny buttons let me click on
no thanks pie and people are crazy
smoking that smoking cleared up so many
of my problems get that get that healthy
get that smoke deep into your lungs yeah
I was having a some some slight erectile
dysfunction I started smoking now it's
like bonus city up in here it's like I
can't even I got 10 20 it's a no station
what their notes cut off oh yeah okay
what was the address where we going do
you dress on the envelope oh yeah why
not write a fuck not seven five three
third Street
spelled out it was spelled out yeah I'll
advise a dispatch dispatch 5-3 Mary to
will responding to at a 7 5 3 3rd Street
for follow-up 5 3 Mary - rolling - 7 5 3
3rd Street full of 1 8 7 follow-up I
think maybe we may be getting somewhere
partner you and me together solving this
case I'm helping
don't you think Platinum we better watch
our butts when we get that oh because
I've done detective work on this case -
sure it's a we better watch out
I hope this lead isn't a dead end for us
for us you and me partner partners and
solving crimes don't you think don't you
think fun is a very much partner when I
talk about us
dispatch Factory Mary - uh well 75 33rd
Street we're here we're here we're both
investigating ten-four dispatch coffees
done nine two seven seven five three
third Street what do you mean my little
notebook is hilarious I love my notebook
I need a new one though cuz it broke and
broke we're in the fucking lot at the
snugglers in that's a great name for it
in isn't it the snugglers in Murray told
me all about this place
look at in I look but it doesn't hold my
interest big and dummy looks like it man
man at the window what's this voice
gonna be who's gonna do it and what's
the voice gonna be
I've been doing a lot so if you want to
pick one you can I mean I looked just
like a big dumb man so what can I do for
you yeah you know oh maybe you give him
a Fargo oh hey no for you hey there hey
there how you doing there yes officer
how can I help you I'm getting that
getting a bit there oh this you're
getting sky can't do Fargo yeah hey hey
guess what time is it's time to stand up
it's clearly Dan Wilson
you know that's I'm fine with that I
offer work or can I do for y'all for ask
about was the name Cole okay bill Cole
see it's time to stand up for anyone
who's interested in in standing up to
stand up every hour yeah here we are I
William William Cole rule 101 oh wait
that's the key
I don't care Queen England dark I got an
obligation to my customers you know on
my lawyer and there ain't nobody gettin
any key oh damn look at door
yes sir what can I do for you ask him
out keep working rent room I'm sorry
says well we have any vacancies I said I
said that I said that threatened man
with gun and we need a warrant problem
what is it what does the manual say
about a situation like this
do-do-do-do-do let's see here
this is room 108 open door felony arrest
procedures
these are locked I'm right behind your
partner you just go in there first
though and I'll stay here behind the car
well protected behind the bulletproof
car let's see here there's a homicide
investigation procedures yeah well I'll
read that read that was assumed initiate
the investigative process the detective
must have reason to believe a crime has
been committed by one or more of the
following a personal observation
statement or when a statement statements
of witness conclusive and/or
circumstantial evidence so we have some
circumstantial evidence that a crime has
committed there okay
assess the situation use extreme caution
during initial investigation be on the
alert for possible life-threatening
situations be ready to take appropriate
action then we have check vital signs if
doubtful but you know that doesn't
gather evidence search the surrounding
area recognize out of place unusual or
damaged items take photos as soon as
possible look at the bushes
Oh what water can you like I see the
curtains are drawn right like can you
like look in window with the curtains
drawn well I'm just you know it might
give us a clue to what we need to do
someone's going to call the cops if you
keep looking through the windows like
that good let him call the cops
hmmm I did flash my badge at this dollar
conduct interviews identify yourself as
a police officer sure man mug shot oh
there you go there you go
oh yeah I looks vaguely familiar I
believe his name was William cool his
room 108
aha Baines is using the name Cole okay
to ask about room or wait
oh wait what you said ask men to ask me
into pen door yeah yeah there you go
you're not close enough
what do you mean I'm right in this face
you're are close enough to the door that
would be stupid
uh didn't we just go through the whole
corner thing rich there was a whole
corner thing remember that one I need to
get the key from this man right
oh wow they're in now show badge now ask
for key like maybe you have to do Apple
water and already showing just okay all
right just I didn't know if it was one
of those like radio for a weren't we
need a warrant maybe we needed Nora
someone is saying maybe try knocking on
the door here's what's gonna happen
yeah yeah I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna
tell you what's gonna happen okay
I'm going to get shot through the door
think yeah I think that's what's gonna
get you safe I'll say it again save just
save right now just in case that would
be great oh you think he's there he
might be okay well he can't be there
he's kidnapping your lady and not put
the one response okay okay come Hannon
balls we can can't kick her in the balls
he's behind that glass I'm trying to use
the radio I did Jesus I know where we
going where we get out but we don't have
anything new to report Sonny we mean we
don't have anything new to report we
know we know the alias of the man we're
looking for
yeah that doesn't seem relevant maybe
it's just me and me not being a very
good detective but that doesn't seem
relevant Oh God
here why don't you go upstairs try not
gonna know the neighbors doors that's
what I would do if I was the cop in this
situation confirm the identity of the
demean to try to try it
no and this is something else I hate
what happened
use radio didn't do anything use radios
we have the report but called dispatch
Oh
be advised the system worked you know
the search warrant coming your way that
was kind of awful
you know something sometimes it requires
the puzzles require a very specific
logic
oh yeah well a buddy boy let's get this
busy a show on the road huh why would we
want to do that we're waiting for the
worid to show up yeah that's what I'm
sayin
all right we're getting out oh hell oh
my god that was incredibly quick her
search warrant though Sonny got your got
your search warrant
yeah shut up and give me the worid
where's your car thanks Jake you you
walked here wait
are you walking back did you know the
flash work for the Linton Police
Department he's a simple forensics
investigator by day in the flash by day
also oh you have to you have to say yeah
you have to ask for key and then he's
given the warrant okay
key
am i spelling it wrong what
but I don't have the word did you get
them weren't who have the warrant hold
on hold on we're gonna we're gonna get
to the bottom we're gonna get to the fun
wait what who that's your warrant is
only good for singing about cherry pie
oh he's coming your way
let's rock and roll all night and also
potty every day I paced back and forth
Beijing oh hey hey this I took me so
long
he's a search warrant sunny oh did you
not get the warrant from them pretty
sure I did Thanks it's not my snot on my
and gun x-ray I'm a clip keyring
unmarked car keys money clip thank you
letter death threat wallet handcuffs new
mug shot old mug shot envelope corner
vial of blood in your LPD business card
what
look okay so talk to him and try to get
the key from them again and maybe it'll
just prompt it search warrant all right
okay okay no yeah I don't know what what
y'all
yeah okay I go oh hold on now it's
official
it's all official like now and I can
give you the key I had to make you go
through all that whole rigmarole that's
what it's called rigmarole that's the
official Oh our old words okay give me a
key all right anyway you say officer get
cheese just to make sure I already have
it
let me is it in my thing motel key yes I
have it Wow everything's everything's
coming up bonds it's probably lots of
evidence in there let me get my kid yes
and save the game get shot second I open
that door it does say to be very careful
I mean you did knock so I know you're
coming all right I do have the gun right
your gun you should still handgun yep
handgun is that right draw your gun not
again
what look at door what use they're
saying maybe use motel key I'm okay
motel key you have to boot you because
you have several keys use multi-drug gun
first then use motel key or use motel
key first a sudden explosion that door
opens I am startled by a sudden
explosion oh geez this is a proper
improper positioning I have been blasted
into oblivion improper position somebody
have to be to the side of the door I was
right about trouble though I'm proud of
that
the discharge of a firearm at any person
will be done only in a life-threatening
situations a police officer may use a
firearm only in self-defense when
assaulted with a deadly weapon any more
off to the side not close enough last
time
the door opens I'm startled by a sudden
explosion trained reflexes throw me back
slamming my gun hand against the wall
that was too close for comfort I say to
myself look at door the door to room
what a weight is in sad shape look in
room peek around corner no okay you just
have to go in
is the little culprit sunny I'll take it
out to the con run the numbers I was
like an automatically placed shotgun yep
there's a booby trap shit
is there a procedure for clearing a room
there's felony arrest procedures but no
not for clearing your room I see a duck
stain on the carpet check the bathroom
good idea look around back then I look
around the empty bathroom I see a
typical bathroom fixtures a sink a
toilet a shower at a mirror
right okay put away gun put away gun
lower gun put gun in holster I have no
reason apparently I don't keep your gun
out there look at stain there is a dark
stain on the carpet yep you have your
kit
use drop a camera take pictures they
take a picture and return the camera to
my field kit
no no points for that by the way did you
just say use camera I did I just said
use camera on stain well I guess instead
of the camera I'll use my camera I'm
going to use my eye trapper what that
makes more sense
I have hand Lexi oh my hand does things
that my brain didn't tell it to do come
on take pictures of room like I feel
like you should have pictures of the
whole research bed get in bed
take pants off call and call in the maid
I hope with the draw and look inside I
find an envelope with a corner to turn
off boom
Woodrow Roberts five five five six Oak
Street in City USA now I can finally get
the fucking envelope you Adel bitch boom
say examine the envelope I compare with
a piece of paper found on Roberts and I
made a mistake they match I didn't I
didn't powder the envelope you know what
that's what that's what that's what this
is for they go they go
you can do this rich you can do this
all right
I didn't know how I got there well
take picture wait take a pictures first
I've taken out of the room maybe yep
that's so weird this is where we were
okay boom that's true maybe perhaps
Keith should have dusted that shotgun
for prints you should have who's Keith's
an idiot okay that was processing we
can't holster our gun knowledge junkie
it won't let us holster our gun yet
dun dun dun
come on what I just want to take
fingerprints obsessed all I want to do
that's what cops do right we take
fingerprints I want to be a cop what's
under the bed day under bed
let me try it from somewhere else okay
let's do it all around the bed don't see
anything from here don't step in the
blood
don't say anything from here there is a
tube of lipstick under the bed that's
fine it's fine the label reads pink
rapture by Donna Lee cosmetics this is
the same brand that Marie uses I think
oh no dun dun dun and a shotgun has once
on it from the from a local boy glory we
can contact burglary division for more
information I did I helped look at that
Sonny I called and I helped don't wither
I'm gonna go get me a lollipop man I
just gonna be great suck on a lollipop
it's gonna be like my treat for helping
in the investigation look fine in the
picture yeah I look at the painting and
think not bad for a print look at Jim
Baines must have used this chair for the
booby trap boobie nothing special just a
normal TV chained to the wall it's a
wonderful city that wonderful city
Cinque Dillon and a mirror I don't think
I would have find anything here or else
I think there would be a like a room
thing would pop up but in the bathroom
yeah yeah oh yeah there'd be a there'd
be a fight anything interests I'm just
gonna assume there's nothing that's
probably a mistake yeah rich is gonna go
to the bathroom you can you mean
actually if you want what if you want
you can take over what and and fuck us
all the help nope
I'm gonna shoot my pot I'm gonna shoot
Keith
buuut Keith I'm not sure what you want
me to do
how's everybody doing I love rich do
this they say this is like this is more
richest thing than my thing you guys see
some he's some he's better at this
oh I did I did set the stand up timer
we've already stood up once and we're
due to stand up again in about 20
minutes or so
well stools will swell we stand up in oh
I know what do we have left here we have
about 25 minutes left 24 minutes left we
we tried holster weapon and it just they
won't let us here I will yeah I will try
that holster weapon holster Oh whoopsie
not health holster holster gun holster
weapon weapon pond nope nope can't we
just cannot put it see watch it yeah put
gun anyway you have no read we have no
reason to put our gun away right
it's a handgun holster Keith okay let's
see what happens there holster Keith
now that's not working shoot Keith don't
be so violent nope
put gun in Keith nope nope that's not
gonna work of course we had a reason to
draw though you know we were going into
an unknown location and we had reason to
believe that our murder suspect was
inside the hotel room we definitely we
definitely had reason to draw our gun
hood gun in mouth now we have no reason
to do that you know why we have a full
life to live in an investigation we've
we've been trying many different things
to put our gun away and none of it's
working
hmm yeah did you do anything that would
fuck us fresh my saver no nothing I did
try to shoot Keith and that's it oh
they're saying this right they're saying
try to put say they're saying put away a
handgun what we're gonna space what did
you do st. Bob's goes berserk shooting
spree stuns
I'll write to you and happy Meadows
thanks for playing
please quest to next time calm down I'm
down remove gun D gun they're saying a
holster handgun
we tried that and they're also saying FA
to my work oh there we go okay Lu Dave
oh yeah gut Hey
yeah you lookin at me you looking at me
are you looking at me
hey you looking at me you talking to me
talking to me okay
what's rock and roll
oh good sink huh what why don't you give
me a little room where I can see these
things we looking at the dial to the
chat so you know looking at the tiled
sink I see what appears to be a business
card that's bunk that's bunker Roni
baloney I know it's not gonna let me but
I have to never the processor how word
processing get Cod pick up the card look
at Cod Colby Colby's business Cod found
in Bane's motel room Oh who's Colby
arrow great look at the toilet look at
look around sink toilet and shower and a
mirror look at mere use powder and
mirror maybe maybe he maybe beds touched
himself
now we're processing
oh my god you have to look at the back
of the card you're right
I'll do that I'll do that okay search
okay back of the card is blank then I
said business turn it well it says blank
belly yeah it's in this plane yep use
toilet rub balls on Keith okay great
oh my god did we look in the toilet tank
we had to do that and I was trying to do
that okay hey look what it doesn't hold
my interest okay I'm going to assume
that's everything I've been wrong many
times yep yep dr. Keith what do you have
to say about this bail I'm right behind
you partner yeah yeah I said I like it
when you go first because then they
shoot at you and not at me and I like
that about our us being partners like
what just happened with that door then
yeah that's why I stayed back behind the
bulletproof car you know pretty safe
place to be sheep in my field get the
truck yes yes that's really tedious yep
yep yep but they want you to feel like
an actual police officer
yeah that's the whole procedure that's
the whole idea
cinnamon is asking us to please return
the motel key you you dudes aren't gonna
get away with this you're gonna you're
gonna pay for that damage oh my fuck him
use lipstick on man I have no reason to
do that there you go alright cuz I'm a
cop I do as I please what I please do it
yeah oh my god the real van has a very
important question let's say question
was there anything in the envelope nope
wait look at you look Jeff
can killer Woodrow rabbits nope okay no
good that was good that was good
thinking
nice thinking nice thing ice thinking
hold on a second well gee I'm like I'm
Way over here by the door just a key
gotta walk out walking see I was walking
towards the car and we're getting ready
to leave you could you could have
anticipated something for what's your
life I don't I don't like moving unless
absolutely necessary
I don't want to waste any energy you
know actually what makes you a good
partner believe it in that you get the
hell out of my way
the bonds way yeah all right call a
report calling report yeah at dispatch
at 10:20 is he's the situation oh shit
man there's a shotgun and a blip on the
door to my Looney Tunes up in here and
shit it was crazy
well buddy boy we got a we got a nothing
new to report anything new to report
something make sure we're doing
everything we need to do here yeah
that's cool something feels something
feels unfinished yeah
my brains telling me we're not done
Julie called this batch we even put the
situation then you know no it's not
doing that should I should I keep
looking around
hey what buddy boy that's uh is there
more of these there stuff in the hotel
room that we maybe I saw someone earlier
in the chat say we should look under the
pillows I mean you need you tried
searching the bed right and we didn't
look behind the painting
okay well you're just
okay okay hmm hmm are you sure we don't
have to like go to the other hotel rooms
why would we talk to people see if they
saw or heard anything you know it's like
police work eh yeah you ever hear any
strange noises coming from that yeah I
heard I had some really strange noises
it sounded almost as if he was hooking
up a contraption to a shotgun it's crazy
I mean who would have a do it out I
thought that's like Looney Tunes
rhythmic military but it's these guys
that are fun to watch
I think normal people would be boring to
watch playing these games
one thing about Jack and rich not normal
we are not normal no no yeah yeah by mm
not but no one responds okay okay and
okay wait now what happens we keep
coming this way nothing you'd be a
blocked there's an invisible wall it's
just very very neural passageway this
this hotel is just constructed all wrong
okay we've done our due diligence are we
done
I have no I do I always worry about
missing something in this earring of
course I'm going always check the
bathroom we check the toilet tank yeah
you looked in the shower you looked in
the sink and that's where you got the
business card right I throw it away if I
get search behind mirror I'll try that
chat we tried searching bushes already
Irbid verben okay over there wondering
if you can open the mirror like a
medicine cabinet no okay
this it's a hotel mirror so it's not
like a home medicine cabinet the only
thing in the drawer was Lee and whole
back covers I'll try that no I don't
know what you want me to do yeah look at
him sheets get in bed no you can't get
that
I think we're done I think do you need
to like call for backup or anything like
you'd think so yeah like there's no gun
just shot a door open there should be
like some people there investing you
know like the the CSI unit should be
there call CSI enhance enhance enhance
enhance why do they think they missed
something because noir a lot of a lot of
these cases we've gotten in the car
afterwards we use dispatch and there
were some kind of message like well we
put another thing and we found this we
found that and we're we're on our way
off now this is just said there's
nothing to report
which to me says we're missing something
mm-hmm possibly just this guy you know
has a great suggestion he wants us to
eat plant that's a that's a callback
it's a callback to my space quest stream
where I did not know what to do
something involving the lipstick they're
saying
I tried that before right using the pot
around the lipstick I believe you did
before you picked it up yeah yeah that's
right
no Keith conserves his energy he's he's
he's he doesn't move until he's told to
move look at him oh oh where you going
over there you're gonna win it okay he
going
did you like inspect all of that area
with the table and chair and all the
wires and shit nothing I have a thing
nothing I'm thought a bit smeared
lipstick all over your face
stare wordlessly at Keith I love it go
to Keith's house check on Keith's wife
yeah yeah
yay oh you see a pulley mounted under
the table it was part of the booby
trapped look at pulley I smell all right
I don't why just why the booby trap
consists of shotgun cable and pulleys it
was nearly a deadly combination as I
look at the mechanism that nearly cost
me my life I think bangs you heartless
red
nope alright alright I'm kind of
convinced we're done okay I have I have
no I have no no reason to think anything
or anything we did try to interview the
neighbors and no one is in any of the
other motel rooms we knocked on all the
other doors and no one answered yes we
still need to talk to the burglary unit
five five five six oak street yeah what
was that what was the name on that
envelope again woody Roberts five five
five six oak

[Part III]
okay here's a situation parents went
away on a week's vacation
I have hotter leads to follow
apparently I do okay fine I'll go to
burgeroo's okay boom okay I got mucho
paperwork to finish it's gonna be crazy
yeah we'll come here see you at the
office we're going to have a major party
alright here we go alright Chad I will
try read envelope I like that what do
you roars look at back at envelope
okay okay all right good should have
gone to Murray's next what do you think
we should do next we go talk to Burberry
should we go to Marie's well we skipped
ahead right we know we know some shit
went down Murray's so it's like no
matter what when we go to Murray's it's
gonna be all turned over right so
fucking talk to burglary we're here
right now let's do art let's if I didn't
know that Murray was kidnapped it would
be like let's do that thing you do yeah
absolutely
well we did it with a clue in the
lipstick right but you know a lot of
Dame's use the lipstick making them ups
or making them up huh see paint give man
evidence and you tell John who Kobe is
what who's Kobe you turn in Kobe's
business card and you tell John who Kobe
is what are the business cards here
did we write this down no are you just
going back look at oh look at the
different card okay
that's it yeah that's yours no what's
your entire look at Colby's Colby's
business card Colby down that nervous
Colby's imports four oh seven five five
five three three two three okay great
great great it's quite possible we've
missed points because you know you don't
need all 300 points to win the game
that's just like high score 20 points
are we at I want to see it say enough
they said we were just add we're at a
hundred and fifty out of 300 okay we
might have a ways to go oh yeah Colby
jack cheese it all adds up a wee and we
have no idea what the weird framing on
this police station is the only thing we
can guess is that if they frame it like
this they don't have to draw the entire
station but it's very very strange and
it's frame like that
don't look now but with rich looking at
evidence and Jack making notes they're
actually role-playing as cops just a
little bit that's the whole idea
I love that I love the idea of like a
certain game like making a player write
down notes like I used to do that back
in like NES days you know you have to
write down like the save codes ya know
or you know you have to like draw out
the Zelda map because like it didn't
come with a map so it's like okay I know
this is here and this is here you'd have
to hand draw it out it's great
you ever play the Who Framed Roger
Rabbit game of the Ness oh I did I do it
was not very good at it yeah but there
was a password to get in the door oh
yeah yeah
that wasn't like like a password like a
saved passwords I get like well it said
yes I'm like that you had to write that
down and remember yeah yeah it's fun in
certain games makes you get outside the
game opens oh yeah oh shit I'm breaking
this yeah you are
he just told me about the motel incident
yep good thing keith was there with you
go ahead and follow the procedures that
keeps a great cop
I know you're Keith work together a lot
you're not half the cop that Keith is
sunny I'm gonna give Kim the promotion
bust your ass down I've been thinking I
like what I see put one the murderer
victim wedding robbers testified against
Paige on his trial last year point to
Bob she also testified against Bates
last year oh no I what what okay what
three you alright no but we traffic
motel yes me this whole thing shit
buzzer for demo you just you just
noticed that he's not a bright Muppet
you boys better start digging we appear
to have Rachel baby oh come on hands
Oh
so I just got up and then not getting
back up I just got up for anyone who
didn't just get up it's time to stand up
time for the standings can you tell me
the phone number first you want to call
the number the phone number the phone
number is four zero seven four oh seven
that I was three four zero seven five
five five spec shock three three two
three hello this is detective bonds from
the Linton Police Department oh yes oh
hey there what do you want things here
isn't that going okay whoa big the
earlier I tell Kody about the weather
and Steelton that's not what I did it
all well I don't find that very
interesting but I'm hey I'm happy that
you're having weather
oh well I'm sorry dear mister but I
don't have time to chat with you dear
okay now I'm gonna hang up now have a
good one well that was that was
something that was weird you know okay
okay I wasn't in that last best where
was Jack I'm that best of the worst I
was not in it sometimes I'm not in the
best to the worst episodes I'm upset
that I wasn't in that one though because
it looked like a lot of fun
oh that's right we're supposed to talk
to burglary
why didn't they talk about the box I
think that was the whole purpose it's
like just to leave it there
oh we got the we got in contact with a
guy I think okay so it was moot point
okay point mode for a pop-up scooter
that dude bap suitable back tap do you
got a boo boo boo what what
Miami pistachio ice cream I was either
in Miami Miami well thanks
the f5 walls I missed me in best of the
worst - I do enjoy being on vessel worse
but not and every one of them oh and
Josh isn't in nearly as many as I am so
he's there yeah yeah we're just going to
burglary okay do it and go to burglary
look at Keith look at asshole feet up on
his desk smoking a cigarette
ah you know sometimes I just do have to
think about the case there bonds you go
ahead you go to burglary I'm gonna sit
here and you and just think about it for
a minute cuz you know sometimes that
helps just sitting and thinkin hmm
thinking about her
I am sandwich bonds I got an idea
my bonds ask about shotgun is that what
we're supposed to do no I suppose asks
about a different burglary thing right
there oh that's right
we just work Theresa uh-huh oh yes we
just once we some pawn shop burglary two
seconds sir to automatic with thousand
and ammunition as part of the police
officers outlets program I am a deaf
detective I get it I get it
not you can use the word pom in this
again
that wasn't a shotgun with a sign so
that was a 32 with the silencer two
shotguns a 32 and something else oh yes
oh and ammunition two shotguns a 32
automatic with science or an ammunition
so we got one shotgun accounted for
there's another shotgun and a 32 with a
silencer I don't know what else asked
this man I should have said I was Lou
Ferrigno isn't that why he talks that
with those because he's mostly deaf yeah
great great I'm deaf and that impression
offends me despite me not being able to
hear it um we're Baines aliases was it
Billy Cole I think so yeah bill Cole or
Billy Cole Oh Frank Sloane
Frank Sloane was an alien
Rick asked about Frank asked about
Jessie Jessie Haram hold on did you have
these written up
I have Frank written down I don't have
Jessie Jessie Hyrum okay he cool
banes okay and the recent one was cold
right William Cole bill Cole was bill
Cole that equals bonds to right there
are Baynes
yeah okay great wanna try that again
407 who's Marlee Matlin the deaf actress
oh she's not happy with me right now
thank you okay Frank
okay oh wait no no Frank
hello this is detective bonds from the
Litton Police Department
oh hey there what do you want now
calling me up at such an hour it's
almost 1:30 in the afternoon there ask
about Jessie Jessie Bane's has escaped
from the Linton jail you'd better be on
the lookout for him because he's been
getting rid of anyone who helped put him
behind buzz oh that's kind of hard to
believe I'm in Steelton though under the
witness protection program so I'm not
worried it's pretty nice up here I got
to go like oh he knows nothing he has to
know because the card tell about card no
he's done hung up I'm calling him back I
don't care him I got a point hop I can
do what I want you got a point
I want more points yeah one all right
yep well that works there you go
also yes not a very good witness
protection or program if they kept his
same phone number phone number was on
the card yeah but who was that guy I
could look him up in the computer if we
wanted to around at the computer I guess
I mean I just want to know who he was
pbbb peep
beep-beep-beep okay one of the passwords
pistachio my spelling that right I will
tell you in just one moment P is ta SCH
io next us tonight ice cream oh how long
director you they could have not done
this annoying good
Miami was the other one right yummy and
iced Korea ice cream not iced cream one
would ice cream like that like that whoa
whoa it's not a very detailed final
isn't for a man who was the Death Angel
no no it was not I know we're looking
for you
Julia South Jason Sally Jasper goofin
fucking it's fine
great let's go let's rock and roll let's
roll let's roll
so what's next
do we go to Maurice sure why not
fuck it
I wonder if Jay has seen the witch yet
as well I have not been updated on Jays
seeing of the witch
let's go to Maurice okay to to to West
peach gotta see my pixel tits I'm sure
there's nothing to worry about this
let's not waste any more time you know
I'm sure she hasn't been kidnapped in a
hug okay five three Mary to 1080 from
the office there we tried going to the
address we found on the envelope on the
tour I don't think it would let me I
could try again mismatched coppers
tonight from the over fear you're going
to see our pixel intense yes you you've
adapted to the square breasts I was
raised by them born from them I wasn't
five five six
look at him alone what I can't I guess I
probably again I got it five five five
six Oak five five five six oak just ok
just don't didn't say Oak Street Oak
Street you don't need to drive there you
have hot of leads to follow
I do you have hotter leads to follow
and we're going we're going to they're
going to Peach Street fucker married to
to to to West Peach Street apparently my
partner needs to get laid he needs to
wet his pet Willy ten for wedding his
Willy I am going to stay outside maybe
look through the window actually I was
kind of hoping you could come in
you know joy this flip it I'm more of a
watching the corner while smoking a
cigarette kind of guy yeah so do you
want to do that also hide in the closet
look through the window and what is
packed there's no door yeah we're gonna
read it a gern what I've gone shopping
yep it's Murray's living room speaks for
itself my heart sinks and my head starts
swimming Oh Murray what does that maniac
done with you trying to keep my
composure which I have at all times I
say to Keith okay Keith why don't you go
check out the back of the house I'll
look around here
should I get the kit yes yes you should
I'm just gonna kid you can still look
around the back of the house Oh fine
whatever
I'm good I'm gonna be quite honest with
you Sonny um I'm I'm scared and I'm just
gonna stay next to you okay I know I
should we should it would be more
efficient for our police work if we
split up but I just kind of need a hug
if you could have a hug for me I am
physically incapable of having a hug for
you girl if you could give a hug for me
to me okay I guess I'll leave I see a
lamp turned over on the floor and an
ashtray next to him look at lamp it'll
never work again ah barely Miri smokes
look at ashtray all right
in the ashtray I see a poultry bird
piece of paper oh yeah let's do it let's
do it
I know I know come on camon I pick up
the I pick it up but carefully unfolded
I read over the list of names
Roberts Wilkins Coby Barnes
oh my god it's a death list oh no oh I
did not mean that as soon as I said it I
knew that was the wrong thing to say
if this is a death list hopefully we can
solve this case before we turn into an
old man in jokes you know I love them
no summary oh I suppose Marie did
testify against him yeah okay where's
where's death list there's death list
merci merci nothing to myself as I
realize this is Baines hit list and now
that murderous scum bag has Marie oh no
well fuck I'm gonna have to pay for it
now pay for what you don't cousins
sweet sweet cousins taxes she does
really good at doing taxes so now you're
gonna have to pay for your tax way to
get my taxes done little fake potted
plant almost looks real no clues there
can't find them clues wait who's the
other name on that list
Colby Don Colby oh okay table this bear
the phone was on it look at fool look at
her old nose on the sofa with a cord
ripped from the wall oh no if I were to
sound the sofa with the cord ripped
involved oh I said the deep crevices of
the sofa and fine how about that a $2.00
bill I don't see many $2 bills around
really the credit kind of rare thanks
for keeping it light police question I
slipped the bill into my money clip I
mean it's probably stores you know I
mean in spite all the tragedy you just
got to be practical yeah $2.00 is $2.00
right I agree I agree
it's not even dusty I did this Murray's
a very good housekeeper yeah that's how
you knew there was something wrong turn
on TV sit on couch relax
the 19 inch Dinah view color poor Dinah
Dinah view 19 inch that's putting your
whore money to use you get yourself the
big TV the dine of you look at chair
nothing unusual any other clues and look
around okay look at struggle you got to
check everything every little thing
every little details about how
insignificant might be a thing what's
back there look it's nothing that a
kitchen you should go you should
probably go into the kitchen if you want
to look at the kitchen
rich there's signs of a struggle in
Marie's bathroom Marie is not here I
closed the door oh okay I guess I guess
there's nothing to investigate in there
oh I'm back oh wait oh all right all
right that's a kitchen I can't get into
it oh I can't get in here at all oh hey
I found the right pixel look around
somehow the middle of all the met in the
middle of all the mess the kitchen
remains tidy and neat Marie's a good
housekeeper not the best cook the
kitchen hasn't been used in 20 years and
a house is only 10 years old look at
kitchen
alright alright
why is there a kitchen here if there's
nothing I could do in the kitchen
it means I have seen you the kitchen
look in cabinets search cabinets no
clues there looking oven
I think that's an oven right in front of
you there is seven head no sorry you
spoon exact well it's fine it's fine
exactly you're asking the exact wrong
person world building yep it's world
building yeah people have kitchens in
their house take pictures you need to
take some pictures probably take some
pictures before you got the points that
no points for this basically worthless
just say like that's that should be like
your number one job is we want fresh
pictures of the crime scene right every
crime scene
I'm fiddling with this I need a fiddle
confirmed by Jack people have kitchens
in their house yes I know Keith Keith
what are you doing in the bedroom Keith
Keith is taking care of it keep taking
care of business taken care of in
abstract art by Sierra's very own
graphic Titus vu dust the note for
prints for the love of God what note
not worth processing nothing is oh shit
there we go Keith isn't done yet just a
few more minutes nope
oh hey looking closer at the note I
think this is definitely not Murray's
handwriting now dust note a wasted
effort
I don't think gone shopping is
underlined knowledge junkie I think
that's supposed to be the fold in the
paper the note was folded and on the
door so they're saying dust the list
that's almost certainly not going to
work
you do me okay someone is saying they
looked online and they're not gonna tell
us where don't tell us where but they
say the powder is definitely used at one
point in this game that's what they're
saying
use black light on Marie's bedroom Oh
God in the game not necessarily here
just somewhere in the game don't tell us
where cuz with that what when when we
can finally use the powder and obtain a
fingerprint and we're popping champagne
bottles up in here
we took a fingerprint that was
processing all right all right all right
all right that mean did you get
everything you should probably call it
in right yeah
look at the handwriting on the note we
already did that
Yeah right
fuck
like are you supposed to compare the
handwriting on the hit lists to that of
the note to make sure that you know that
it's Baines
maybe if is there a way to do that
just this guy you know says remember
that time rlm posted context lists
pictures of rich dying was that just
because there was nothing new to put on
the patreon or is that just one of
Mike's hobbies probably worth Mike's
hobbies
what do you mean pictures of me dying I
don't recall this that's the thing I'm
not a patreon so I don't I don't know
the stuff they put the patron for the
patrons compared lists you know we'll
try that that's hard
this is police quest two stars Barry
I would absolutely believe that posting
pictures that make it look like riches
died is one of Mike's hobbies back in
February I'm pretty sure rich posed for
them yeah Mike has always had a strange
fascination with me fascination slash
hate it's it's a no it's not a hate he
loves you in a very weird way that's
that's very true very weird way but I
mean that's just Mike he's a weird weird
guy Jack was always conspicuously absent
from the picture on patreon I have
nothing to do with the patreon just
nothing at all
I mean I'm friends with Mike I think
you're good or what is there anything
can you go down that hallway no no are
we just gonna say we're done here I mean
it looks like we're done here I'd ask
the chat I think we should do anything
else but they'll just check the answers
don't check it yeah no but josh is in
the rlm patreon pic what I'm gonna look
up the patreon thick
creating weird internet videos you know
what I don't actually think I've ever
like looked at this no the patreon
picture is like the empty set
I mean Josh might be in it they had a
they had a an amateur photo shoot you
guys had that photo shoot done for the
first best of the worst and I wasn't
there for that episode and we've never
had another photo shoot yeah
so I'm not any like any of the promo
pictures that they use for best of the
worst weird I'm not in any room just cuz
I wasn't there for the first episode of
best of the worst so it's weird it's
weird that you're not in the promotional
photos well I wasn't there I want so
weird we should probably get new ones
but that would require you know like
doing something or stuff you have lines
I'm not gonna tell you read them because
I know you despise the dispatch oh that
was a possible 207 kid no I'll bring
over the information thank you oh we
copied the two or seven kidnappers you
don't great well we'll get it back Sonny
you don't want we're gonna come what
kind of get it well good I mean and if
not everyone else has been dead but
there's gonna be plenty of fishing to
see you know what I'm saying no but some
of them I pressed into yeah I'm
listening I I'm not saying that I
disagree with your choice in in partners
but you know you could find a nice lady
who didn't take money for sucking dicks
if he didn't want to you know there you
go that's what you could do all right
okay
wouldn't want to leak patron only
content but here just this guy no it's
not working
be kept properly because it's patron
only content but don't worry about it
don't worry about it why did you guys do
promo photos for the release abassin it
was like I think like a friend of a
friend was a photographer and wanted to
take some photos and they took some
photos a good reason not to exactly and
you know there have been like their
there has been stuff written about best
of the worst and they've used the promo
yeah the promotional photos like getting
promotional photos is a really good idea
something to hand out easy right and I
just wasn't there and we've never redone
them we probably should redo them yeah
but again we are not we don't think like
that we just make stuff and put it out
there you know we don't think oh you
know it might be good for our brand in
our business if we have promotional
photos maybe we should put out some sort
of press friendly packet we don't think
like that we should do we should take
swimsuit photos for best/worst
absolutely
no we told Keith it was cool to smoking
in the car and Keith asked us if it was
okay to smoke Oh
what choice did we give him half cares
hello sunny you must be like really
scared me I mean my my we've been busy
haven't we oh that's Big John he was the
big dumb guy everybody's big dumb guy to
me we've been really busy man who's your
weight we have sorry here about me sunny
the employees of a solid lead nose time
bring it up bangs
while you were out I dug around the
files and came up with a list of folks
who testified against brains yeah hadar
what are you Robert Todd call me Murray
Wilkins and Sonny bonds Oh hmm everyone
on this list testified against Baynes
and now whether or not only the dead or
missing except you and call me why I
can't Mike I got nothing I just got
nothing I don't know what to do
I guess you fucked I guess you should
probably talk to yourself and see if you
have any leads because there's no one
else we could talk to question is Sonny
will go after you or Kobe next the
evidence see at page no no we're cool
beers oh Jesus Christ
we know this we knew that five minutes
ago captain I'm I'm so far ahead of you
that it's it's kind of a joke it's it's
a fucking joke I mean I personally I
personally got on the phone and I called
Don Kobe five hours ago
five hours ago you know what he told me
to fuck off the man told me he was he
was too bored to talk to me I told him
there's a there's a killer on the loose
and he wants to murder you and he hung
the man the man hung up on me and now
you're telling me that there's a
connection when would I mean for God's
sakes Keith figured that out look at
Keith over there it's it's true captain
I don't know how he's staring at a wall
he's sitting at his desk and he's
staring at the wall he's not doing
paperwork he's not writing anything down
he's just staring at the wall cats
didn't to be fair something might happen
on this wall Sonny I can't tell you for
shit up Keith I'm talking to the cat for
something very talky I'm why am ia the
only man who knows what he's doing why
do I have to do literally fucking
everything pardon my language
Sonny can I can I get up from my desk
now no okay
you know what keep staring at the wall
that's all you tell you good fuck Keith
just stay out of the way and I'll do
everything fucking do everything don't
worry about it I'll tell you what Sonny
I don't even
this is my desk I'm gonna be honest with
you I don't know why it does is the one
is the one in front by the computer yeah
actually they gave you the new computer
oh good
the captain was so happy with your
police work that he gave you the
computer and not me I've got some papers
on a desk yeah I have to use a pencil oh
good I like the computers one ain't what
I seen you I can't say I'm really good
at Oregon Trail I know I can cross all
the rivers and and I know how to use my
ox tongs they let you play Oregon Trail
and a Sierra Brad computer I thought
those were hard-coded only two plays
Sierra games
fine fine upstanding Sierra games like
police quests had to I had to moderate I
even though I'm in a complete imbecile I
know how to mod the computer and I gotta
shoot the Buffalo you like that Buffalo
shooting
you can't shoot too many of them though
cuz you can only carry some what you
meet but yeah I still shoot them all
anyway I kill them all just like my
ancestors what this job brings most
likely is kidnap read user his hostage
he's trying to suck your own other
shuttlepods
even though I just flat-out rather than
everybody else he kidnapped for some
reason I'm gonna assume that Ray still
alive maniac my bomb beams is hard to
read boys you've got a blank check to
proceed all over you feel oppressed I
know how to proceed let me get my gun
I'm gonna need a rocket launcher I don't
care if Marie gets blowed up in the
process yeah Toby sure sure
Oh
Kolby yeah 407 five five five three
three two three nice Oh was it three two
three three three three two three four
three two three four oh seven yeah I
missed five five five three three two
three the phone's off the hook
done done good you fucking get over
there how do we get over there
exit hang up the phone yeah
get up exit gate movie and lazy ass oh
we've got sweet things did blend save
him I think I'm saving it like constant
okay great
it's amazing how much you can save the
game once you put your mind to saving a
game tauntaun the call is coming from
inside the police station
five five five six what does the e oh
shit I got it and I'm on it I wrote it
all down five five five six Oak Street
you have hotter leads to follow oh wait
what about what if we go to a seven five
three third Street
did we go that way that's the hotel
right yeah that's the motel okay um did
we ever look up that green car whose
green car that was do we know who's that
dead body was yeah that was uh what do
you rubbers was it who's woody Roberts I
think is one of guys listen I gave it
away oh fuck it some of the chat asked
me to get woody Roberts is that five
five five six oak street hmm woody
Roberts is at five five five six oak
tree that's his address Oh what was the
I'm in third Street was the return
address and that was the motel then
there's Colby's imports
I still got em oh great and then
that's all I got that's all my notes
that's all I got
probably not gonna be in there yet but
no crime lab okay great
you think opening the envelope I think
it's the test results on the evidence
footprint cast who findings size 10 D
end of report all right come on it's not
awful
come on not helpful at all can you get a
handwriting analyzed here probably
tomorrow Oh
evidence will be analyzed intubated you
tomorrow oh sure sir about Kobe's and
what was he address in that card the
address
there is no address just a phone number
I believe so I don't remember I don't
remember
hmm
damnit

[Part IV]
I'm just gonna I think I've told you
this before sometimes I just need to sit
and like think my thoughts but but I
know better
he's not even doing that Oh apparently
he's less and less food it's like I just
like to it helps me just to kind of
stand blankly at the humming halogen
lights it was a different city right
Steelton Steelton yeah I believe so I
mean worsen Tiberius Kirk says it was
Steelton - somebody else said something
about yeah he's in Steelton I don't I
mean I can only assume that's a
different city we know we know there's
an airport okay apparently the twitch
email about the stream just went out now
the twitch is moving their servers
there's gonna be some hiccups sorry
everyone who's late
welcome to please Chris - you people
know we stream on on evenings like this
and I sui's I sent out the tweet but you
might not have check the tweet is fine
he's four everything's fine all the time
but you know maybe like they were like
oh they're probably running late again
because they run late all the time
call Steelton police department says the
real day out bad idea
yeah hello Draco got his 15 minutes ago
hey I'm sorry
daddy please
helau hey their name or whatever then
four oh seven five five hold on - six
seven seven four oh wait seven five five
five - rich - six seven seven time I say
Oh police department lieutenant Miller
speaking what was the number - six seven
seven okay
this is this is detective study bonds
from Linton PD I won't attack the bonds
- something I can do for you whoa here
she comes
watch out boys she'll chew you up Jessie
Baines escaped jail yesterday and has
gone on a rampage killing anyone who put
him behind buzz Donald Kobe lives in
Steelton now and could be the next
victim
you should Ted Kobe's phone to see if
Baines goes back phone taps a good idea
information I'll see you later
certainly don't need any more
information than that that's all I need
you don't have to tell me who Baines is
or anything like that I can watch the
stream but I haven't got a tweet or
email yeah I tweeted I tweeted the the
great start time tweet tweet tweet
Rock and Robin can you give someone the
papyrus voice I miss him oh sure of
course if I can remember the pup hire
his for his I'm curious since we put the
the last of that on on YouTube yeah yeah
you got a lot of tweets bitching about
the last two hours of the game I've seen
the YouTube comments bitching about the
last two hours of the game and like I'm
done with it I don't care
I just do not like it's fine I didn't
care it like the gates a fine game it's
a fie sweet little story yeah I just
don't have it in my heart to care about
the last two hours of the game I'm sure
there's more to the story we beat it I
don't care so we I don't know if we've
gotten many tweets but I've been reading
the YouTube comments and Jesus Christ
people want us to finish that game
I'm not saying immediately right would
you consider it someday someday
everybody's very late very late very
late it's 9 o clock
here's what's going on if you were just
showing up yeah twitch was what we
assumed was going on with why these
tweets are showing up late yeah twitch
is like moving what are they moving
servers what is the deal specifically
they're changing over to Amazon or their
well a while ago Amazon bought twitch
yes so twitch is now owned by Amazon and
so now they are moving all of the
streams the chat the everything from the
twitch servers to the Amazon servers
which is a really good thing because we
can only assume that Amazon has better
servers so hopefully once the switch is
made it's gonna be nice nice easy
experience but it's everything's a
little cattywampus today yep give you
some ideas Jack I'm at a dead end so we
need to figure out where baines's every
expense to be expensive expensed where
mariae
he just to go to the Jewish drive to the
airport and fly to steal Tintin is that
a thing we can do he's probably not
going there right
that's what they're there people are
saying go to Steelton that's the only
thing I can think of how would Bane's go
to Steelton drive fly whatever he's a
criminal on the go we did call Kobe yep
we did call Colby and now Colby's phone
is off the hook we have a new alias for
him right though that was a bill Cole go
to the airport ask about Cole sure it's
very anal about how close you are to the
door Baines went on the plane yesterday
we we can't get ahold of Colby the
number is busy what do you mean Baines
went on a plane yesterday is this it
true when we went to the airport last
time did Baines take a flight is this a
true I'm trying to wrap my head around
what happened like last week I don't
remember the details
we took a plea what he went to the
airport right today do you go on a plane
he couldn't hang cuz Murray's been
kidnapped since then whenever we had the
date with her he could have flown back
okay
we know we know as of as of after we got
off work yesterday
in game that he was still in the area
because he had to kidnap Marie after the
date with Marie unless unless he's very
good Murray Wilkins impersonator that
whole date was just him to throw us off
he spends well then that would still
mean he's in town he spent all of his
time in jail figuring out how to act
perfectly like like a whore unless he
just hired another horde poses rubies
they all look the same and bought yeah
bombs whenever they're all the same -
Sonny pawns as long as as long as he can
see a tits I'm just looking at your cans
lady he oh he bought a plane ticket says
huggy snuggle he bought a plane oh he
just bought a plane ticket okay he
didn't fly out until today bump bump
I dispatch I would operate on second I
don't care it's in horrible dialogue
it is horrible dialogue there's an
airport I've been on an airplane once it
was a long time I forgot to pack my
toothbrush shit now my teeth are gonna
smell like shit Keith Sandberg we looked
in the back of the toilet already right
what did we find in the back of the toy
gun we found a gun that's right
okay now safely across the street oh I
see I see Hitler's back you never love
they've just been sitting there the
whole time as this is um this is that I
live now
this is my home as I can no longer you
have to look twice they're saying look
in the toilet again hey brick all right
say brick now Hitler has the paper oh I
got it from my friend my friend gave me
this paper right you gave it to me yes I
gave it to him he is my friend it's my
way hey butter from home dark tub tips
oh yeah it's up there what can I do for
you
here you are officer but nothing rings
up bail mm-hmm Oh who's that handsome
man oh I just eat him right up girl it's
he free mustache rides over there and
Maharaj
oh it used to be a rather tall gentleman
oh hey hey hey hey hey there mister I
wasn't looking at you I wasn't looking
at you look in toilet again don't unfold
water you people are full of shit
Janet somebody keeps taking the lid off
his toilet gaff is really annoying okay
like it's not the biggest deal have to
put the lid on but like what are you
doing back there what are you doing yeah
we're trying buying a ticket yeah yeah
all right oh yeah
would you be please be more specific sir
they can take a distill Tintin oh my god
that'll be 160 dollars please that's
such a great bargain oh how far away's
Steelton now like this is next town over
it's literally a 5-minute drive I'm
gonna drive we can spare any expense and
we're gonna go in style first-class baby
look at the folding cash in my money
glim panned know beyond the shadow of a
doubt that I'll never board the flight
for Steelton if I have to pay for it
myself oh I hate Sonny put your wallet
away let me call captain hall for the
authorization of purchased uh to get the
hits he said we could spend all the
money we want it right I'm gonna go find
some hookers and blow
I'll be right back all right let me use
that let me use that this phone i 1-800
a hooker yeah I need some hawkers here
Keith calls to arrange for the purchase
of our tickets my mind okay what's
furiously to not work amen
it's all set off lecture has a purchase
order for our tickets and he's getting
it cleared with the ticket agent
right now so blow you in diamond you win
alright alright let's get some blow blow
and hook got allowed to do drugs rules
that apply to me dick yes the captain's
name is Fletch lovely nod a lovely nod
to fledge
what happened to Columbo oh yeah my
Columbo slipping a little bit into just
like weird Brook like New York Columbo
doesn't necessarily fit the character
I'm right so you know your tickets
gentlemen the Floyd will be boarding at
gate 12 up the escalator into your ride
right oh I guess you're going that way
cuz I'm going this way
oh you're going to I think I really
think I had it too right the first time
but you know you tell you tell me
something love you up the escalator into
the left escalator I'm gonna be real
with you Sonny I have a crippling fear
of escalators I mean what are they
they're like they're like ghost stairs
the stairs that move by themselves how
do they work I don't like him I don't
trust him I got I gotta go I gotta go I
don't like him
okay there's probably something where
she's done last time we're here
come over here I didn't even know that
hey I didn't I didn't know either hey
there we go
list of car rentals Louise pet patatas
rented a guy using bench a big to myself
that punk has rented a car using the
jailers ID I'm right down the vehicle
information 1988 rip okay we've done
that well we can we call it the car is
already found with a dead guy inside of
it well better late the different you
know I get all the weight where you
going
I go I missed the escalator I'll be okay
hey hey this is gonna you want you want
to draw the hilarity of trying to go
through here with our gun without saying
anything first yes yes your field kit is
calling out to you well we're probably
gonna get shot so first things first
smog to the magnetic field my gun sets
off the alarm
one minutes oh that's a he's poorly one
minute sir alright let's let's get let's
get the kid pullouts gun
better safe than sorry right yeah right
yeah yeah we're gonna walk all the way
over to get a kid a wall my back from
the guys good telling you don't need
your kid on the plane and they're gonna
have to put the thing that I'm just
gonna happen yep yep f8 draw weapon yeah
see that's what you need to do at the
metal detector draw your weapon yeah I
was just taking it out to show you that
I'm a cop up thought down computer app
thought down computer now with my
thought up the chanter trolls rich nose
yeah I'm hoping to see her happens
anyway what's the harm having it with
you
fuck yeah police quest that's right
which is such a client I was doing best
of the worst
what's a Clyde it's an one of the ghosts
monsters why if it means something else
I not it's some kind of old Street lingo
oh yeah yeah square or is like a square
at your slide that guy's it's a Clyde
man looks like where is it the man is
either a square or the man well the man
would be a square that's true but not
all separate not all squares are the man
it could be both much like rectangles
stuff to put put the record straight cuz
we had some kind of color issue with the
cameras we basically somebody sent us
pacman ghosts monster rain ponchos right
yeah and Jay handed me one I said ow
Clyde oh yeah and Clyde is the orange
one uh-huh in pac-man but on camera it
looked red in one of the cameras and
with orange in the other people we're
wondering if I had the ghost monster
wrong and the pancha was really red oh
the pancha was definitely orange
actually why not Arabic are you gonna
wear the punch well it's time to stand
up anyway so rich how crazy that rich
stood up the exact second that our stand
up timer went off that's actually a
little crazy rich that's actually a
little crazy that is orange and you know
I don't know but I don't know if the
color information will pick up on the
webcam but you would definitely say that
is definitely orange the cameras were
probably not white balanced beforehand
because Jane might usually don't white
balance like pre shoot and then you know
everything looked fine so they if I
didn't worry about white balancing post
shoot hey Jackie
you should go ahead and say oh that's
right that's right that's right thanks
Obama I got so distracted by your ghost
poncho that I forgot to stand up so I'm
free to sit
Oh stretch out that Handy's it's blue
goddamn it
one minute say please head to your
buckets I have it in my head that uh the
Death Angel Jesse Baines that's gonna be
papyrus hey Mac you pecking a gutter
something freeze right where you are
fella the garden passed me down and
finds me yeah yep
oh but not before I got the kid so I
gotta get the kid again
oh no yeah yeah
oh man
those cashews have been destroyed rich
not destroyed whoever sent those cashews
they lasted maybe four days gone all
right
fucking gone here we go okay
never get sick of the heck frogs shit
what do you mean I just being called
hack frogs having that be part of the
repetitive yeah YouTube comments or just
can't you get catch people be more
creative
you really just you're just gonna quote
this shit over and over again seven
years later you're still saying what's
wrong it's all part of the thing it's
all part of the the the in jokes it's
fine
but our relatively few of our fans jerks
even if they're not necessarily creative
in the YouTube comments
I don't know they're really jerks no
they're not just so yeah we got that
there's a twitch admin in here
well welcome twitch admin we're playing
police quest to enjoy bed
checking checking double-checking to
make sure we're actually playing a game
what is this shit doesn't look like a
game what the darn heck are these two
doing
did we ever open the magic box yeah you
guys did open it right it was like they
opened it off camera but they got a hold
of whoever sent it so they didn't mean
to like make a-holes think about it in
the episode
look can you show him your badge
come on oh you have to show him your
badge show guard badge show guy badge
boom well puzzle robber officer just
remember no partaking of the spirits I
know that you couldn't hey you can't
partake of the spirits also don't drink
don't talk to ghosts and don't drink
please have a fun time now save your
game Oh Keith and by the way look Keef
is gonna get right does Keith have a gun
on him oh okay
hey hey sunny sunny please wait for me I
get scared when I'm by myself I need an
adult
I need an adult keeps kids a little slow
gift Sonny can I sit on the windows oh
my God look at this fanciness holy shit
welcome aboard at Guana Airlines hey you
having a job will fly can you save your
game please how many times you wanted to
say like five seconds ago I wasn't
paying a penny I like literally the
second I walked through the metal
detector I was not paying attention I
know you weren't because you would have
been pestering me about that shit Sonny
I said I wanted to sit by the window
please I I like to look at the plane
when it takes off Sonny find your sleep
would you fellow can I can I sit can I
sit by the window please thank you
Oh keep this sitting by the window I
thought keith was no you sit next to
Keith where's Keith oh he's in the front
he's the very top left he's the very top
left
you get a Scudders seatbelts nice we
just stood up a little bit ago actually
I need to reset my stand-up timer as I
feel the engines begin to roar that
captain makes an announcement attention
ladies and gentlemen he says yeah this
is your captain speaking
no we're about to take off this time we
ask that all passengers take their seats
and fasten their seat belts thank you
boom fasten hi purple space bazooka I
had to say fast fasten fast
tender it's the Hades fuck those seat
belts yeah yeah right I relax it's the
plane pit bears that taxi towards the
runway Sonny Sonny looking out the
window the planes taking off Sonny look
at that loss so cool oh my god the earth
is disappearing jesus christ almighty
said run there Sonny then there there
that looks flat the horizon looks flat I
can't see any curvature I can't see any
curvature of the earth the earth must be
flat it must be we must be floating on a
flat rock out everything I could caught
was aligned Keith would be a flat
earther here Keith relaxes the plane
into pairs that taxi towards the runway
oh oh we're not having one of those
flashbacks again we're beginning our
ascent at 25,000 feet please keep your
seatbelts fastened until we have reached
our maximum altitude thank you for your
cooperation
so I tell me there's gonna be a
hijacking an attempted hijacking I want
Keith to light up a cigarette so uh can
I stop smoking or what what's going on
can you please press f8 I'm not trying
to be funny I'm honestly just curious
what happened wow you just saved okay
we'll save again and then you don't need
to use your gun now that's what happens
when you try to pull out your gun just
as I feel the aircraft live without the
captain makes an announcement attention
ladies and gentlemen
is your captain speaking yeah we've
reached cruising altitude please feel
free to move yours remove your seat
belts finally our stewards at your
service menu have an enjoyable flat I'm
gonna smoke this shit out of this
airplane we have beer wine bourbon sour
water ain't coffee I would like one
bourbon and one wine also one beer not
now I mean you can't coffee that's Keith
I thought you were referencing the
George Thorogood song bourbon one Scotch
whoa that's probably what this is
referencing button
don't take a coffee because I'm a cop
yeah have an on-duty captain here you
are water and coffee or complimentary
wincing I drink the coffee and think my
god the guffy back of the office isn't
so bad after all you like anything else
just call me bye bye whore wife back but
until then you can sit on my lap do me a
favor hike up that skirt a couple inches
your skirts are awfully long here these
days what is this Mormon Airlines I like
to see a little butt meet a little bit
like the edge of the butt like the
bottom edge of the button
incoming 80s style racism yeah yeah
we'll see what's gonna happen
would it be is it any worse than Mario
the totally Italian stereotype oh I
cannot talk to anybody from where I'm
sitting would not be proper we have to
wait plane to fly you can get up it's a
three-hour flight we just have to sit
here you can get up I don't think oh no
I cannot you can undo your seat belt
I did oh because I'm waiting for
something exciting to happen oh it's not
gonna happen but we'll see yeah go see
if you can talk to the pilot get like
the little wings I can't get up the
wings I can't get up how do you wanna do
this there's so many buttons there's so
many buttons the CAC there's a cockpit
door and exit in the front and a door in
the back leading to a bathroom we'll go
to the bathroom I do not have to go to
the bathroom I see a blue sky and the
clouds drift by I'm looking out the
window what the fuck something's gonna
happen oh that was right tourists yes
what'd you shoot him shoot the
terrorists what height you look at
terrorists what hijacker no they haven't
hijacked yet the stewardess struggles
trying to break free the man screams out
what with pigs I would've brought that
brings these Blamey czars she commands
in the name of the sheik of the gorman
silence oh okay whoa
we were out of line saying Allahu Akbar
this is obviously the sheik of the gold
just noting the captain speaks out over
the PA system oh yeah this is a captain
we're we are being hijacked please do as
they say and don't try and be a hero a
tie-pin be hero these people ain't
business they're armed and they have a
bomb on board shit dawg all they want is
safe passage to their desert filthy home
of bum around Egypt I get it bum around
hostage negotiation immanuel immanuel
immanuel immanuel immanuel annual be
here oh did you type in be here oh uh
yeah that won't work it's probably just
gonna get somebody shot well save and
then be here oh okay let's see here
radio procedures shooting range
procedures rob Vader 12s right bonds
cannot exit hero mode police computer
procedures let's hear those computer I'm
just reading you all the procedures
felony arrest procedures the use of
firearms well that was almost certainly
happen oh um homicide investigation
procedures I think you just gotta shoot
a man there's no hostage negotiation
that's right you gotta fucking shoot him
there's no there's nothing here you
cannot talk to anyone for me yeah all
right fine
Oh what he just shot her
you see that he just shot her well Oh
nope he didn't shoot her
did he throw her down hold on yeah I
think they were done did you just say
that to Keith no I think oh he shot you
all right all right you shot you this is
this is going sour okay
he unshot her right she looked like it
looked like there was blood on the
ground when she fell down and then he
picked her up and you notice you notice
that Keith did not lift a finger he's
he's still looking out the window
wondering where the earth disappeared to
he doesn't even know that a hijack is
happening oh my god I got I got two all
of these newspapers I got a call I got a
call my mother tell her that it's a flat
earth and it disappears when you get
into the metal tube don't go in the
metal tube because the earth disappears
I'm so scared I'm so scared and yes
that's true because Keith ordered the
Bourbon the wine and the beer he's also
drunk blue beads la la chic dudes they
say to go to bum to get a good day to go
to bum bum Island Egypt
okay here we go and we proud no wait
what what what do you want don't get up
he's gonna shoot you again now shoot gun
what because you're good we have to do
that every fucking game day we sighted a
gun at the beginning of this fucking
game a gun does not have you fired your
gun besides at the range we fired at
Abbes it wouldn't lose its sight
oh shit we did well I mean that was that
was yesterday apparently does it um do
everyday day
no we calibrated the fucking gun at the
beginning of the game now I haven't
saved over any well many saves I've been
mad I've got like 19 different ones I
wouldn't worry about that oh fuck it all
goodnight yep what time is it
it's 9:30 we've time that we start at
6:30 no three hours yeah yeah okay I
think there's no way that your gun would
lose its sighting in a day with minimal
usage like that and you know like after
you know like every every couple of
months you check it out if you using it
all the time or if it's going in and out
of your out of your thing I'll be a
holster when's Mayibuye L says finishing
daredevil season 2 has really made me
appreciate the quality voice acting you
gentleman provide blond loving chubby
friend and black cop couldn't act their
way out of a wet nutsack oh you're crazy
I like them all I'm liking daredevil
season 2 so far I don't know if you've
seen any of it now yet I'm only I'm only
a couple episodes in I couldn't like how
bad is the costumer he gets a new
costume
yeah but how bad is it no it's the new
costume relative to the the black
makeshift one ah you know what it's been
a lot of darkness in the new costume so
far oh I'm not talking about that it's
not you know you get used to it it's not
here's I mean it's no black costume like
it's that black mask was awesome yep so
it's it's not that nothing's ever gonna
be that and it's not but I'm only like
three episodes in and I'm enjoying it so
far really like what they're doing with
with Punisher really like I just watched
one of the first Elektra episode and
it's like
Jack sets off
Cortana all the time do you have
something going with her Oh am I talking
to your computer
am I am I saying hey Cortana hey Siri I
mean let's go um I don't know how
leftover beefcake you plan on getting us
the subscribers I'll work on citing the
gun while you get the list but we are we
are wrapping up here so I don't know if
you've been writing him down you just
take a picture and tweet it at me or I
don't I don't know how what we're gonna
do here to thank subscribers rich is
gonna recite the gun because apparently
we have to do that shit rich was facing
the man he was looking at the terrorists
and I said you gotta you gotta you gotta
the game said because your gun was not
cited specifically it was specific yep
yep this is a huge list I know beefcake
that's why your program is so important
to us yes because it's frequently a huge
list it's frequently a huge list and we
that's why we enjoy your program just so
so much wait do you need to cite first
before you fire no we need to find out
how it's off if you wrote it down like I
said just like take a picture of it
behind to trial thanks for your
discussion on pizza rolls the other day
I had some for the first time the other
day I don't know if I like them or not
is there a feeling I should try it
here's the thing you could try eight
different film now they're awful pin
they're all they're all gonna taste the
same I love them but it's not like good
food you know I love mom
oh they're saying ear protection I
haven't already you haven't already he
has it already he has the ear protection
already typing it up you won't be able
to read my handwriting that's okay
beefcake take your time Rich's fire and
his gun
so Jack not a fan I'm a fan I'm a fan of
all food good food bad food and other
food you know good food is fine but
every once in a while you just need to
fill your oven with as many pizza rolls
as you can shove in there and just spend
the night feeling sad just makin eatin
pizza by the way is it upsetting that
when you have to shoot someone you don't
get a screen like this that's you know
just a little it's fine a little more
you your that's your action gamer
speaking out yes yes it is my action
gamer speaking out
for bill holt is there another hiss
we're not using the we are not using the
compressor today so there should be no
hiss I just arrived I'm eating pizza
rolls at this moment congratulations we
are properly aligned great they said you
were properly aligned yes
fuck man Sierra that's Sierra man we it
said properly aligned last time we did
this we have done it it's a new day
that's dumb that's that's really dumb
that's why I'm saying Oh Sierra oh I
didn't talk about the thing Might Be
Giants Joe I did I saw they might be
giants the law yesterday oh I went to
the Veii Might Be Giants show it's
probably their last tour who's all right
it wasn't you know they're the late
Might Be Giants are one of my favorite
bands ever and it was great to see them
live again they put on a shockingly
short show yeah
they had no opening act just They Might
Be Giants starting at 9:00 they were
done by 10:30 then they came out for two
encores but each encore was only two
songs and so they were done by 11:00
which like as like an adult who is shit
to do the next day is like oh actually I
kind of like that they did not have a
confetti cannon and they did not I mean
it was a good show they didn't play a
lot of songs I liked mm-hm
they played nothing off of
Oh am I gonna forget what it's called
now I am I'm gonna forget the name of my
favorite Apple it's not flood was just
just shocking to me right I did not take
my kids no they did play doctor worm for
their second encore they came out with
doctor worm which is great no flood is
not my favorite album oh my god what am
I am i why am I
spacing on the album name I did not
bring the shoe factory showroom Thank
You cracker man they didn't play
anything off a factory showroom they
didn't play an ax Inge they didn't play
snail shell they didn't play you'll need
a crane they didn't play she's an angel
oh she's an Angels one of my favorite
favorite favorite they might be giant
songs they didn't play they didn't play
a lot they didn't I mean I've obviously
like they have a huge catalogue right
they have a huge huge catalogue so it's
not like they can play every single
thing but you know no no Anna Inge like
I really wanted to see them deuce one of
those songs
don't forget your kit
status of the list I know nothing of the
list I last I heard beefcake was typing
it up but in any case it was a fine show
I don't know what I was expecting but
you know it was nice to see them again
they you know you know what they they
seem to tired wait you have your kid
yeah are you sure
I don't know then we're gonna need it
even but yes wait
yeah feel good yes okay
in any case oh great sending us an email
in any case it was a fine show they just
seemed tired that's why that's why you
stopped touring and that's why they
stopped touring exactly I did not bring
my shoe for them to sign because I
looked into it and it didn't sound like
they were like doing anything after the
show were signing in other places and
when I saw them 14 years ago like they
were they weren't as well-known I guess
there was a smaller venue and they were
signing stuff so I didn't bring my shoe
but everything was fine
everything was fine there's a fine night
we had the kids stay with grandparent
and the the the grandma picked them up
early so Lisa and I got to watch some
daredevil before which honestly I was I
thought I was more excited about but
that's nice to get up it's nice to get
out okay waiting for an email all right
boom here we go we have an email you
want to save did you save did you want
to finish the terrorist bit since we're
here with the gun if that's what you
want to do oh sorry names huh I'll start
reading it okay lovely field of shrimp
welcome can you read that you're just
like five at a time
do the loot sir we've read a couple of
these but we'll read them again on
camera of course
Kriegers 783 18 months in a row favorite
customer beer Meister 2089
the Rob Roy
16 months in a row whack man viju gruff
McMillan Terry
Ussery name
17 months in a row tip-of-the-tongue
welcome turbo Jesus 5000 Chakotay has
culture shark Spierer
17 months in a row
no we MN Tiberius Kirk Carey Lasher
debate pad Bay and Galaga I'm sorry what
Peggy Gallagher perfect but handset
frosh and rail means rail 13 months in a
row I'm gonna read this one just cuz I
see it here G shots 18 months in a row
where did you leave off reming's rail
yep Rob radar 12 lady Denning cracka man
5 to 6 14 months in a row top Robbins 13
months in a row and mister thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
that's true we really do we really do
and you know what we'll do the Terri
will kick it off with the terrorist bit
next stream yeah yeah this I mean this
is this is huge this is we're leaving it
on a cliffhanger look she's got a he's
got the stewardess gun to her head
what's gonna happen what's gonna happen
rich that's gonna be the key it's gonna
be like a hip hanger okay I love it I
love it oh no I don't know what's gonna
happen to me I should start hiking up my
skirt Oh what the fuck I knocked over a
bottle okay and and
