May 15, 2016
DOOM
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/75310617
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/75314023
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgBsrxujbk8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zjBBuvpa0Y
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/731932783791116288

[Part I]
and I like that as much anyway but what
the new stuff yes the window size is
really weird on the smarter one oh well
we just made it small button hey
everybody we can you hear us you might
be seeing as do you hear us to hear us
talk are we audible all right
we did have recording to test our sound
and our recording we're getting no audio
yeah well okay okay great
shit happens we've been trying our
damnedest for the past 45 minutes to get
OBS working Windows 10 and in order to
do that oh wait here's it's watch our up
no nope in order to get that to work we
needed to move to a different OBS and
your track of the people who just subbed
before I get the torture up okay let's
see who we got here we got we got sharks
pier 19 months in a row we don't have a
wind tent watching yeah you do I thought
I sent you home so if you did never mind
okay fine
everything's gonna be fine clean forgot
about that where somebody's trying to
get audio to work and OBS honestly we we
were it was it's been well we'll get
we'll see what everything's gonna be
fine everything's gonna be fine
everybody everybody where's Jay that's a
good question I don't know presumably
somewhere I would I would assume he's
somewhere we're doing something it's
possible he's doing something he might
be doing nothing that could be another
option another option is he's doing
nothing we don't know
game slots so we're playing doom
everybody likes doom
everybody loves doom it's the greatest
doom you've ever doomed oh oh you're
right
move OBS over like so we can see it
there we go yep there you go all right
what Oh see where our faces are click on
the sub and move that way down so the
move this sub alert way down right there
perfect okay great
tip alert seems fine great yeah we're
not the stars of this show no you're
putting us in the middle
well there's its hub stuff here okay so
this is probably best do you want me to
create a little thing where we just make
the game smaller and we're we're off on
our own little corner like other
streamers have and then we can see the
full everyone can see the full game and
we don't block anything yeah would that
be preferred tell me to do that I can
make something up I have no strong
opinion okay I can make something up and
I can put like the tip alert right above
us and the sub alert right above us and
make a little panel just for us and then
nothing I'm seeing a stream of no Wow
it's fine I have no okay okay people
don't seem to mind there are people Wow
people are saying no they really don't
like that they really don't like that
rich you know right now I've got a
shotgun shoving a demon's face you're
right I got like a dome oh fuck yeah
just no bullshit we're right into it
also you have to let us own no sound no
game volume okay hold on weights over it
shoot some of these demons and then we
will adjust the game volume shoot demons
rich oh I didn't make them fix that
setting cuz we got so many other stuff
where did I put the clicker now oh you
took it okay give me the clicker you
turned the game volume up a little bit
I'm gonna fix the game
there's something I found with this TV
ah let's see here hold your horses
simply couldn't check on it check audio
so game mode on what does that do it it
ups the refresh rate now you might not
have any Nvidia 970 I've got 8 gigabytes
of RAM and I know my processor it's an
i7 and it's for what I did pretty good
Vance from to get her just Giga whatever
Tara gigs Tara gigs ah let's see here
turtle the wife says well I'm quite
stoked for doom when do you gents think
you'll play another Sierra Jim I've been
watching the replays of please twist -
and they are gold hope you are both
happy healthy and well we do when we do
we try to space those out just because
those are talky heavy ones and after
doom we're probably gonna get some more
phoenix right which would be more voice
talk to you heavy
alright so it'll probably be a little
bit I like it too the whole this whole
game your whole fucking outfit is just
tits this whole game is gorgeous
TMG after dark hey we meant I love this
part
this is what this game thinks of story
agree yes both rich and I have played
several hours of doing so rich is just
playing more and fuck you exposition oh
I'm sorry did you want me to sit here
for a fucking cutscene I'm doomed guy
it's great fucking love that agreed rich
hate men quick question for you probably
been asked before how much did Jack kids
enjoy having rich read them jokes was it
vital in their development um they they
didn't have especially the younger one
didn't have a great time the day of
because like we just kind of sat down
and started shooting like we didn't like
really warm them up or anything but they
loved watching that video I don't know
if I've ever told really they have seen
that video 20 times at least they think
it's hilarious they love that they're in
the video they loved it they loved it
they loved it
are you running into any performance
issues with two might you said you had
it you had a little bit of a well-loved
his windows fault not dooms I had a some
kind of virtual memory issue with
Windows where the game kept crashing I
have no memory and fix it oh okay it was
a window decision windows issue not a
game so you're not having any deuce that
are now shoes okay yeah the video might
look a little choppy that that could
just be twitch I'm playing on the Xbox
one and it's running smooth as fucking
butter as far as I'm concerned it's
probably running too smooth because I
think I'm getting motion sick it has
also been a while since I've like
hardcore played a first-person shooter
so I'm gonna say it's my fault
that's right teams you have to charge
this game does look legit as fuck it is
legit as fuck there's my review it's
legit Lord Belmont I am loving to him
for its glorious have you seen the
pathetic gameplay video for doom that
polygon made no I'm sorry I did not also
it was like somebody's playing the game
really badly oh yeah yeah Jay has seen
too much he enjoyed it he's resolved
never to talk to you about it never ever
never ever um hey guys why bother giving
a time frame for the stream if you're
always thirty minutes to an hour late it
fucks everyone's nice if I were checked
cuz you actually one of the tweets to
shit out
I would always tweet a half an hour
later than he thinks and I did I tweeted
later than I thought I was gonna be here
I ran a little bit late and then we ran
into the OBS issues it happens I'm sorry
if it fucks with you night but also like
if you're here for the long haul what's
an extra twenty minutes like if you're
here if you're gonna be watching us for
the next 3-4 hours and we run 20 minutes
late is it that big a deal maybe I'm
sorry I apologize
awesome fuck you exposition yes brand
crisp no I did not get all the add-ons
for the Dark Souls board game I did get
one of the expansions for it though so
and speaking of the Dark Souls board
game I don't know if I have mentioned
this you know they're making the Dark
Souls board game a Kickstarter thing and
they keep announcing stretch goals okay
because they don't you know you don't
need the fucking money no matter what
the real the real shit of it is they
reach a new stretch goal twice a day I
am getting two to three emails from them
every single day saying we made it news
met a new stretch goal there's new stuff
coming and I think it's really fantastic
that like they're adding all this bonus
content but I don't need that many
emails in a day tour guide or no sorry
Lord wet says hey guys keep up the good
work did rich hear that Dishonored 2 has
the main character voiced by Steven
Orion it's out November plenty of time
to get into dishonored blonde Stephen
Russell was a Garrett from the chief
games says Lord wet tour guide Nixon
says rip and tear your guts you are huge
that means you have huge guts with until
by the way you might have missed it if
the audio wasn't working at first they
reference rip and tear and prologue yeah
yeah that's right
Griffin
doing that great yeah you know you get
use a different way to play as I'm sure
you've been so that's fine take it down
that's time
yonder yonder says I'm here wave to wave
to camera you're welcome you meeting the
channel not rich and Jack what I don't
get what you're saying and Rionda but
you're here yes Chris this does look
like a doom game you know what else it
plays like a doom game it is shockingly
a doom game called doom fucking die
fearful fearful sludge boy rich has no
feelings on the delay of Mass Effect 4
forever right what do you think about
the what do you think about the glory
kill animations they're nice I thought I
would hate them yeah yeah they
shockingly do not mess with the flow no
well they don't take you out of
first-person either to show you like the
third-person cam and of course it's
they're quick they're quick and they
never take you out of first-person
because technically speaking that is a
micro cutscene and so I should hate them
yeah because I hate all cutscenes all
the time but no it doesn't take you out
of the flow of combat it's a nice little
reward
and of course everyone loves doing that
because then it saves you your precious
precious bullets you can't think you
can't why waste a bullet when you can
rip a fuckin head off
oh you know found that oh yeah I found
it I thought you're gonna fist-pump
tell you fist bump one of them yes way
to spoil it
now what everyone knows already well
they don't they do a lot of people will
have not played this game Wow dome
I hate cutscenes because I miss getting
my hair cut maybe maybe you're right
oh yeah they did when you when you do a
glory kill it drops extra help which is
always a nice bonus but the point is
they managed to give you something cool
without taking away from gameplay
because it takes a second and a half
oh I'm not spoiling doom by talking
about fist-bumping a little doll again
out of here that's major spoiler get out
I ever I was a major major spoil your
fist bump a doll it was on the front
page of Reddit yesterday
you think these people everyone goes to
read it huh it says popping everyone
goes to read it it's a popular website I
never go to Reddit that many people go
to I haven't played to that I would have
been spoiled Jack rich is getting used
to playing on his piece of wood from a
dumpster right everything's different
everything's different so rich is
playing not as well as he usually does
but he's getting used to you know
terrible huh they're saying I'm doing
bad they asked if you were playing on a
ps4 because your aim was so bad oh yeah
yeah
ah no I've never played destiny Richard
you played destiny now I have no
interests in an MMO on mine only console
shooter Wow well that's I like none of
those things so obviously I would love
destiny yeah never never got into it
telecon says jack i recently made an
adaptation of lamb to the slaughter for
calling no I'm waiting look at you
that's great I didn't find that one oh
that's hilarious did you find that yeah
well no or did you look like iron if
patience proved find the things is no
fun if I find them great but I'm not
gonna play the level once I'll look it
up what did I miss
what uh okay at least you play the level
first that's that's the important part
nice
that's great oh and even classic Jesus
that's beautiful
Thor takus there's many things that that
make doom so much more enjoyable than
the scourge that is today's first person
shooters rich and I speed will discuss
all of them in our official review
discussion of doom the controller should
ruin shooting I was talking about this
in the chat earlier some people who like
the controller they violently disagree
you're free to yeah in my personal
opinion I think shooters in recent years
have gotten bad because they've slowed
down and they have that nope
take your time and aim because the
controller is so clumsy and they're
building shooters around a controller I
don't blame the controller though I
blame lazy players who don't want to
take the time and learn how to aim with
a controller I'm I'm a controller player
and I've played many a first-person
shooter with a controller it's not it's
not the controllers fault it's the
players fault lazy players who don't
want to learn how to fuckin aim
oh sorry telega I made an adaptation of
lamb to the slaughter for college I was
wondering if you could watch it and give
me feedback at some points I don't even
know what lamb to the slaughter is
telegin but I will I will make a little
note here hold on I'm pasting I'm
pasting is that not explosive did I not
copy that
there we go
all right I have it I have it up tella
gone I will try to watch that later
let's see here Lord Belmont says Darrin
DePaul who voices dr. Samuel Hayden has
such an awesome voice it's perfect for
being in June uh yeah the little bits of
story with a more fun he has a fine
voice has a fine speaking voice turtle
devices I don't know if you read mangas
No all this time they don't know us at
all Jack they don't they don't know me
at all they they know they don't know us
at all ah let's see here but if you do a
recent one called Tara for Moss is quite
good as an aside I know nothing about
Dhoom 4 but I've been waiting for you
dudes to play a doula doom is the dew
mists doom is the dew mayest speed
screed Wiggins as rich you should check
out this anime RTS I found
do so much gym so much dude yeah these
little like these little the little
monster QuickTime events they're not
even QuickTime events they're their
glory kills they're all optional you
never have to do them but there is a
strategic advantage to them and look how
fast they go like that's not a QuickTime
event that is that is a it's basically a
fancy melee yeah it's a mate it's just a
manly is all it is but you can only
don't want them near death yeah you got
to get him there first all the doom
gobbledygook
hey guys I got doom and I like it
some review sites are complaining that
they didn't send review copies before
release that's true they did not send
review copies before release what's your
opinion do you still need review fights
also DC Universe Online is for free
fucks I don't like the idea of taking
review copies anyway I don't want to
feel beholden to somebody you know what
I'm doing review oh sure give me your
thing I'm gonna tear it to shreds
knowing you know what as long as they
didn't give anyone preferential
treatment where they're like no nobody
gets it until it's out you can get it
when it's out
that's that that's their call as a game
maker game makers don't have to give out
review copies and they were confident
enough in this game to say yeah okay you
guys buy the game and I'm okay with that
that's okay
I think it's perfectly fine that they
didn't I know a lot of people who were
worried that like when when they do that
with movies yeah
it usually means that they know the
movie sucks and they don't want anyone
reviewing the movie before it comes out
to dissuade audiences but I see this
more as then being confident in the game
they put out and saying fuck it some
reviewers would be broke if they didn't
take review copies sure let's go I'm
just doing a thing I
you can't rebind the fucking Tab key so
I've made a little autohotkey program oh
yeah nice you can't you can't rebind the
menu button we're just really fucking
annoying oh there's a guy wake bring
that chat back Oh
Oh
Krieger this is a pretty barf inducing
game I agree I agree I am feeling a
little motion sick really hum right now
yeah if I watch the screen for too long
if I'm watching another person play when
I'm playing just the past couple of days
I've been feeling slightly nauseous I
don't know if it's doom or if I'm
getting a little sick but I have been an
overall like a little slightly nauseous
while playing it never been an issue it
used to be an issue with me but then
like when I started playing Team
Fortress 2 hours and hours on end it
went away but it's been a while since
I've played a first-person shooter -
this is nauseating some people because
modern-day shooters are fucking slow and
dull
you just have to get used to it it's
fine it's fine
let's see here
Nikolas is hi jack have you ever edited
in avid no I have not
I have years of experience with premiere
in Final Cut Pro but it's a bummer for
my next job I need to learn a whole
other program Evans there custom build
that's not just the program I think
that's just the name of the whole
fucking computer the whole system
absolutely is it an avenue spreed Wigan
I did it in just the field of view have
you ever just did the field of view Ritz
yeah you can make it wider you know I'm
fine it really helps yeah yeah see you
see slightly more in the areas it's
stretch everything out I've never I've
never ever played around with a field of
view and again do it look what have what
do you see you see the screen very edge
of the screen unless okay so now is just
your field of view watch I don't watch
what happens here you know where that
when it's sitting is where I don't know
video probably oh oh no game sorry oh no
yeah you got it
yeah go all the way up go to 130 that
sounds absurd now do it
look at how much more you can see oh my
god it feels like a fisheye lens oh yeah
it's not great I want to say the the
Xbox only goes up to 120 try like try it
110 once you start playing with a wide
field of view you won't go back check
that out look how much more you can just
see so much more around yeah but I don't
like a fisheye effect I think you're
crazy the whole world I'm drunk exactly
a twitch plays Pokemon once you once you
start I know power gamers like that kind
of feeling it's great and then when you
go back to maybe this is my actual my
real problems I've been playing with a
wide field of view and watching you with
such an arrow like I'm feeling I'm
feeling claustrophobic yeah yeah maybe
the reason you're getting sick in the
first place it's because you feel here
no no cuz when you're like I'm going
with twitch plays Pokemon here once
you're focused on the middle you don't
even notice the wise it's very natural
our natural field of view is very wide
rich is crazy rich is a crazy man who
plays in an in a narrow field of view
and we should all shame him for it shame
rich where does that sex perv clip of
you sitting on the couch with glasses
saying fuck yeah rich Evans anthology
from the red letter media whatever
collection the archive cost archive
that's right
that's right that is from the red letter
media archive collection which I don't
think is available any longer on DVD
it used to be available on DVD our alum
archive section there was a whole series
of rich Evans shorts and they were great
they are great I have it I think they're
all great
Jack whatever happened to that text
adventure you were working on a couple
people have offered to help make it one
person actually made a sample level for
me which was pretty neat and then it
never really went anywhere cuz they got
busy and I got busy and the lesson we
learned oh look at that name drop see on
the monitor right there oh yeah I know I
know no big deal thanks Bethesda for for
dropping that little easter egg for us
we really appreciate that this is what
I'm dealing with my makeshift set up
here yeah oh okay yeah basically what we
learned is we just don't have time to
make one unfortunately anonymous nice
stream guys by the way I turned off
motion blur and chromatic aberration on
the ps4 version and it helped my motion
sickness a lot oh yeah maybe that's it
maybe then my motion blur is on let's
see here the off switch says I also
dislike cutscenes a lot it's not
acceptable for a block of text to be
used as exposition in a movie so it
shouldn't be an acceptable to interrupt
migraine with rejected Tom Clancy fan
fiction I agree
whoa hey
and see that's not a cut signal that's a
melee and it's so much fun you rip the
guts out later with some of the later
guys the glory kills are just great just
beautiful and then you know if you come
at its location base spend some more you
aim at them like right from behind and
love it that's the head twist yep I was
thrown off the glory killing I forgot
the still enemies behind this guy can
you spoil this game a little where the
fuck are you even just an overview half
asleep just married a few of my friends
and Mass third one done and it was a
tough drive back to Philly Oh I mean
it's doom and so here is the story of
doom you wake up and there are demons
attacking you and then you fight all the
demons and I'm pretty far in the story
and that's about all I know any of these
I feel ashamed I see you you've been
going through fast I've been looking for
the things I've been I've been trying to
trying to get to the end of the story
oh that's awesome classic map and I
haven't tried it yet but supposedly you
can play these maps the full game the
full maps from the in-game oh of course
after you unlock them that's great yeah
that's right it's free dragon that's the
entire game of doom and so you're on
you're on a base you're on a military
base on Mars and there are demons there
and you fight all the demons oh look
there's more demons fighting and then
every once in a while a guy talks to you
and he says hey don't forget to fight
the demons and then you fight more deals
this is all you need to know about doing
it isn't hype when people are actually
enjoying the game and I are having fun
with it it's just called enjoyment it's
true like I do come from
I think I think like at first this game
was like a little hard for me because I
was having such a good time but it's
like it's so simple you know you know
what it feels like to me it feels like
an indie game where they they like took
one aspect of an old game and just focus
and and perfected one aspect of an old
game right shootin let's just let's just
work on shooting like making the enemies
great making the the shooting arena is
great and shooting make that feel good
in it let's make a whole game around
that and it's that's what they did here
but it looks fucking gorgeous
oh you can you can turn on the
old-school reticle they've asked you if
you've tried the old-school reticle I
had none I didn't even know there was
one what school didn't have a reticle oh
well they asked if they they want them
to know do people not like this is fine
no no everything's fine they just want
to know Richard do you nope can I tell
you an embarrassing thing I did not know
for the majority of the game what button
turned my chainsaw so I just didn't I
thought I'd lost it after I got my
chainsaw I thought I lost it
and I kept coming across gas canisters
like how the fuck did I lose my chainsaw
until way later in the game I was like
I'm gonna look this up and I like I
looked at it's a separate button you
know cuz you can you can switch your
weapons right from like shotguns a
machine gun so I thought it would be in
there cuz it's a weapon but it's a whole
different button
it's shameful putting this down on the
couch yeah hey this help okay great
Jayde's ah oh rich head is not using the
chainsaw right now he's saving it I
don't need it
well it's fun yeah
use the fucking chainsaw yeah if you
have enough gas the chainsaw is an
insta-kill for most enemies even the big
enemies if you have enough gas you don't
like em oh here's the game play the
balance is actually really good you can
use it to kill the big thing yeah
or you can kill like a small weak enemy
and you just get like enough ammo to
refill all your fucking weapons exactly
you can do that three times
it's not mauler guys it's almost as if
they concentrated it on the shooting
gameplay and nothing else and not like
like story scripting or not or not like
spending three months perfecting a
cutscene let's spend this three months
and make this cutscene really cinematic
oh we'll spend three months and make the
game so fucking great it's just it is
it's just a button to get your chain
sound like you show them your weapon oh
shit
but I started going in there before it
was timed I should have been going in
there
show them your weapon switcher your
little Oh see I play with the keyboard
and mouse yeah I don't need that well
just should just show them just so I can
excel a braid on why I didn't think
there was if I want the shotgun I move
my finger recorder of an inch and I hit
the shotgun button right okay but see
you get this little wheel on I'm playing
on the Xbox one
you get this little wheel that chooses
only different weapons and the chainsaw
is not in there and so I thought I had
lost it somehow I was very confused and
scared I cried a little bit but it's
okay shame then I had some pudding
oh you have to do this all again that's
all right
anyway that's why I didn't think there
was a chainsaw let's see here
well it's gave vulture we're not saying
this game doesn't care about story
it doesn't care about story and that's
fine it well that's fine I don't know I
don't think it doesn't care about story
this story is not the focus of doom you
know there is a story here
there is a character here they made of
doom with a more focused story was
called doom 3 everyone hated it is that
true yes hey two three
I don't but most people do hmm we're
over like a wet fart Oh same fucking
thing did he die again no I didn't but I
almost did
is this only ask you something is that
really a big deal what the fact that
this story this is not a story they're
not trying to tell the story so what so
the fuck what are people genuinely
pissed about that oh you can't imagine
that if the people who are pissed about
it have not played it yet is what I'll
say I like wet farts and do thirty says
it's gonna be cricket well that's that
no you have a problem rich are you
liking the verticality in this do the
the jumping and what not the parkour ah
well you know and and you know you get
you can get height advantage there the
arena's are nice because not only are
they an arena but there's levels to the
arena get up we go down is run around
it's great I'll fuck yeah you just blew
that motherfucker up
look that's right what Romero said about
story and games is like a story and porn
it's there for people who want it but
that's not why most of us are there how
do you like the shotgun in this Ridge I
know shotguns are important too oh it's
okay yeah
it's not my favorite shotgun did you
upgrade to the triple shot yeah oh okay
I went with the exploding how do you
feel about that how do you feel about
the exploding I like the exploding it's
a little grenade launcher you know yeah
and it's nice see I when I have a
shotgun I want to shoot things in the
face so I went with oh sure sure
you know I personal preference personal
exactly and you know for me I was
thinking about multiple enemies where
it's like I can Chuck a grenade out
there over there and take that multiple
eyes
I don't know if rich has gotten to that
point yet have you gotten the different
shotgun okay no rich has not gotten to
that point in the game yet I have I'm
savoring this game like a fine fucking
wine I've replayed actually some of the
early levels just for the sheer
enjoyment
that's true you get you can get both
upgrades to the shotgun and switch
between yeah oh yeah no but it's but you
know what they give you some options
they give you some playstyle
preferential options which is great how
do you want to play the game
ah yeah got em goodies have done that a
lot earlier you know you should have
this shit disappointed in me
chaos you should be pleasantly surprised
by this term I I think everyone you know
you get a little remake fatigue but
every once in a while like like a like
fury like fury road right right every
once in a while you'll get that sequel
that just works tired and sad says hey
guys speaking of frightening demons do
you think the mainstream media's
reflexive need to make fate
tired and said I'm not bringing that up
I'm sorry and you know what I'm not
talking about it today sorry I
appreciate the tip but we're not talking
I mean I just don't want to talk about
anything politics today you know why
we're playing fucking doom and fucking
do them we're shotgunning we're
shotgunning demons and I don't feel like
talking about it for point is this a
sequel or a reboot yes yes
is this a sequel or a reboot that's a
you know what think that's a good
question obviously I haven't finished
the game but I think there's an
implication that this is the same doom
Berean from the first game and a very
even better way you're back haven't been
around a while right right they wake up
something a tomb that they just found in
hell right you're just there I think
it's implied that you're the original
doom guy but I don't know I don't know
what they're gonna do story wise going
forward it's like it's like Star Trek
the Star Trek where it's a technically a
sequel but it's a soft reboot something
like you're the same doom guy but it's
still in a different universe where this
is happening the first time maybe who
knows
no no whatever whatever tired and sad
said in the tip was something something
that would have sparked political
nonsense in the chat and we're playing
to him yeah we're playing doom see I ate
Donuts I was worried when I first
started playing the game I was really
worried that the main melee animations
the glory kills would get really old and
I think they're quick enough that they
don't and I've played through a lot of
the games so far I am pretty I'm pretty
far in the game and especially when you
get to new monsters and new ways to make
glory kills it's kind of awesome every
time because I mean how long are they
did a fraction of a second I've recorded
to all my gameplay so I will look to see
how long there we are everyone I've seen
this round a second I think oh yeah it's
going on a second or under yeah yeah
so I went and found all the secret stuff
I think it's great that you're finding
all the secret stuff well you get you
get decent rewards there's a whole
upgrade thing going on here that I
haven't shown yet oh yeah no and and
they they reward exploration with and by
the way can I just save like instead of
going the way I was supposed to go after
I get the keycard if I go back there's
another door over here that I can open
now it's easy to miss and see this is
what I'm saying by the way because they
not only reward exploration with
treasures they reward it with more
people to kill isn't that the greatest
reward that's the only reward anyone
cares about in Doom is like I want more
demons to kill and they're like okay if
you find a secret you get to kill more
demons it's the best reward and also
guns
place oh yeah I've got ya oh I have all
that guns I don't think I got that to
later I don't think I found this right
you get that early from your exploration
okay I didn't like it at first I'm
getting more used to it now hold the
stumps worth it
the stuns words add oh yeah I used the
wave I like the way the heat the stun if
there's something you don't like you
stay put for a while you stay put for a
while like you know those the hell
Knights
yes charging towards me i stunned him
right next to a group of barrels oh you
got your mad strats rich mad mad strats
turn off you stupid tutorial message if
there's any water I'll be right back
sure sure
forgot one when you hear me up just die
coke yeah
how long does an easy thing but up there
I gotta turn the tutorials off here
maybe in video where they hide that shit
probably and that should do it
yes diet coke can
alright let's spend some upgrade point
oh we got bricks you read that tip no
more Oh ugly-ass diet coke em right
funky ass diet coke can HAP 78 says
better sequel jaws The Revenge or
Superman for the quest for peace I
haven't seen either and so long I don't
know if I can really answer probably
funny ere is Superman for ya the quest
for peace better is also Superman for
the quest for peace probably but I
haven't seen either since I was a child
when I could appreciate them on
ironically alright senior let's go the
stomach like every weapon you get two
modifications right now I only got you
know I got one I put one mod on the
shotgun but I could have done I could've
go to I could have gone to charge burst
and the explosive shot yeah yeah but
instead I put a stun bomb on my pulse
rifle I could have gotten let's the
other one flame wave or something yeah
I've never used that what's that look
like
it's nice especially when there's like
several enemies around you it charges up
with shooting the weapon and then you
press whatever button you press and it
releases like a circle wave of heat and
can kill several enemy I like it but you
know apparently the stun bomb is the way
to go uh yeah but you want to get that
increased range though so increase the
size of stun bomb detonation nice
what upgrade point nice no um what do
you want longer stunner quick recharge
probably longer stun mm-hmm
there we go TNG after-dark says does
anyone in the RL m crew play an
instrument
yes yeah who what who and what I know I
know who plays what I'm right oh you
probably play a bunch of things right I
can't I am able to play a bunch of
things none of them well none of them
well where'd you were a band no I can
play a couple things well I can play a
couple things well I have not played in
a long time I'll tell you that I do not
play the guitar no Josh does play bass
you're right
Jessie does play a little keyboard my
place a little guitar wizard does not
play the guitar there's never in like a
band or anything but I know he's played
around with a guitar rich plays the tuba
maybe rich plays the ocarina Mike does
play a little bit of a guitar Josh does
not play well Josh can play guitar yeah
I do play a mean slide whistle you're
absolutely right
John is both Josh and I are bass players
Josh can't play a little guitar Josh can
also play a little keyboard but we're
primarily bass players a lot of fun
coming hablas let's just how this game
rolls you know it's like one of those
things where it's really enjoyable to
play because it's constantly challenging
and rewarding when you defeat that when
you win challenges I like this yeah yeah
just bring all the shingle it's really a
fun absolutely it's like incredibly
satisfying yes but it's just a machine
gun it's powerful doesn't make the the
modern the modern shooter the machine
gun does like no damage they want to use
like the sniper rifle right right
machine gun you can hit somebody even
30,000 rounds I just shrug it off I'm
gonna hate that
oh I didn't do this oh is that is it
time outcomes re I did not set my
stand-up timer you're probably right
well I just stood up I'm Stan dougie do
you want to play I wanna play with your
weird ass computer you know what I can
no no and you know what I'm trying
actually not to look at it because it is
making me a little motion sick
I'm gonna set my stand up timer now but
hopefully everyone just up set my timer
metal music metal music come back I'm
trying not to spew do you have another
11 minutes to go oh shit I'm sorry
everybody
I prematurely stood up dude guy Nick
naviga says are you interested in a
possible best source nominee even if I
can't come up if it can't come in a
physical form it never got a physical
release part of the schtick is the is
the physical form I don't think we have
if it never had a physical release you
should make us a bootleg of it either a
DVD or a VHS bootleg and make up some
art for it and then send it to us the is
what I will say
what's subculture do I hate the most
that's a great question Jack trigger
choice yours whatever it is that you are
really into fucking hate that uh no no I
you know like I I know everything is
kind of a niche of a niche now you know
fucking I'm just gonna say it
Star Wars fans take that they took that
garbage so seriously it's the silliest
thing in the world
no it's you know there's so many there's
just so I just you know what anybody
whose subculture is it like anyone who's
just a dick about it that's all that's
all I care about
spoiled you did it spoil everybody new
only spoil everybody saw it already
don't worry everybody knew it but you
can agree with me and still like Star
Wars I like Star Wars I don't love it
mmm but Star Wars fans can be just
obnoxious yeah the subculture I hate
right now our DC movie fans sometimes
you got to admit when you got a turd on
your hands all right you just you just
got you just got Turton Batman fans can
be obnoxious yeah if they insist he
could beat everybody because he's Batman
no that's obnoxious
that's enough preparation time Batman
could be any woman yeah no katifaq worth
great - thank you yep DC Cinematic
Universe fans are the worst everybody
come axion hijack rich I love the show
love do my love - 3 - check it out
someday are you done with Dark Souls 3
now Chainsaw kills equal huge amount of
animal traps and it serves purpose
besides being badass that is true about
the amoled ops ah I was actually done
with Dark Souls before doom I uh oh
the stun wave gets rid of the shield oh
it's so fucking that's it huh shield
guys are assholes that's how you do it
that's great right - love the right job
right tool for the right job I did not
get terribly into Dark Souls 3 and I got
far I got far in it and it just never
drew me in I don't know what it is just
the world that I was not in - so whoa TV
TV what happened what
room thinking just crash huh me that's
weird
that is weird
it sure did just crash on you Wow all
right well that's different yeah that's
different
all right well start again you sure you
don't look up the controller no no go
ahead no I'm making it a snack I'm just
want to go get a snack I want a mic it's
okay I'll hook up the controller then
I'll play for a little bit I'll play for
a little bit I maybe that'll help I'm
gonna I'm gonna change your I know how
to set things back by the way first
crash I've had since fixing the windows
brandishes oh yeah rich needs a little
thank you that is the first crash I've
had since fixing my windows RAM issue
thank you
boom gonna doom it up do me do me do
them doom it up yeah we're running oh
yes
doom is loading doom it up dooma dooma
dooma dooma dub when you call us a
demons to move it up cock a fucking
shotgun doom it up note upon a barrows
doom it up shoot him in the fucking face
doom it up that that's the official doom
song I don't know if you guys know that
that that's the official song of doom
I'm singing it right now and it's
loading right now so I got a sing while
it loads dooma dooma dooma dooma made up
baby
uh-huh any plans to playing uncharted
not tonight we're riches laughing I
don't know if you can hear rich a laugh
in the kitchen
alright rich what are you in-game slot
one three okay oh let's see there dooma
dooma dooma jack is where i am you can
hear how good the rich they could hear
you laugh from over way over there mokey
p85 doom crash sucks
I got a few hours into blood-borne and
my ps4 froze oh no I'm so sorry
corrupted my save and had to start again
didn't that happen with you with
blood-borne did your ps4 freeze froze
freeze yeah that just happened to mochi
with blood-borne I'm so sorry
lost in Technicolor sold I'm buying this
game wasn't interest
before you guys started playing also
thanks for the countless hours of
entertainment from our LM I'm physically
disabled in our LM always brightens my
day well thanks lost in Technicolor we
appreciate it I'm glad ya get fuckin
doom it's great somebody sent us these
pop pop corners yeah
and I think about the word fighters I
know they weren't versus a glance I saw
the bag yeah I thought nacho chips yeah
it's popcorn well I know it's good but
it's like popcorn without the fucking
seed kernel that's crazy one I demand
you try one okay what do you want to
we're not gonna back away from my
microphone while I eat this
it's fucking weird shockingly good
though like a weird hyper I can't stand
those seeds the kernels whatever fucking
it is I hate that popcorn this mission
fuck yeah dooba dooba do mentally
that's your name is this stuff what's
enable I'm not sure
Oh enable user control yes I want the I
want the use of the controller I turned
I just turned it off I I thought that
went a little too smoothly that little
that little one that I did right there
something did not feel right yeah doom
doom and doom it up yeah I do but do it
do it do me up some bad Jeff I've gone
great oh shit
like I died cuz I was singing my doom
song okay at least you died to like
monsters I died to adore you're right
alright
like as well I'm also very used to um
like the upgrades I have and for the
machine gun I have the upgrade for the
zooming okay and so like I don't have
well the zoom in oh yeah cuz then you
get a headshot you get bonus headshot
damage okay and then you can get a uh
you can get a a powerup that is bonus
headshot damage and armor piercing
rounds I can go through multiple enemies
and it's like it's badass should try
them micro missiles well I I didn't I
didn't choose micro missiles because I
have that with uh with my shotgun okay
there's like there's like machine-gun
bullet missiles though you get both of
those right
Zeca Zwack says he didn't bounce that
was me rich thanks for recommending the
zone of the enders to play the whole
thing yesterday you were right what are
the best action games ever - the first
few minutes of an awful voice acting /
translation hey
yeah that's translations not that great
I still like the story in the game
though do they like the game no we're
just saying a dooma dooma dooma dooma
dooma we when we hate something I I
don't want to speak for rich I can speak
for myself I am having a great time
playing this game yeah that's a blast
it's really I'm pretty foreign and
finding it enjoyable and in many many
ways
and yeah I'm singing the fucking doom
song which I thought you hate an anime
considering so story is that a zone of
the intercept well remember what I
always say about absolutes though
whatever hyperbole I say there are
exceptions to every rule
I like zone of the enders quite a bit
the other animes thing I like is No More
Heroes the No More Heroes is arguably
more of a anime parody than it is anime
is broken printer in the future oh is
that what that is yeah look at that
doesn't that look like a printer oh I
thought there was like text on there
like like loading yeah okay error
contact system admin
oh wait this thing we can press now okay
here we go
what zone of the enders is anime it's
fuck I'm not sure if you're responding
to someone else to chat but I that know
I still I like it and it goes out of it
it has some good some hard science
fiction some guy motherfucker
what do you want rich wv1 okay I usually
get health first bud okay that's what I
was gonna do well I mean this isn't my
main playthrough so I'm gonna do
whatever the fucking one oh that's a
little help none of the characters in
zone of the enders aren't noxious yep
there's a kid in the first one but he's
not spiky haired or obnoxious he's not a
whiny little bitch
he's whiny in like the right ways like
the horrors of war get one okay he's
traumatized the protagonist in the furs
own of the Ender's is a traumatized kid
okay yes we could do with that years
exactly what's on the desk but that's me
dr. M Peters research sri shen says hi
jack
hi when you guys do phoenix right again
in the future is it possible to have the
game sounds in the stream the music and
sound effects are just too good to not
have with your voices - I thought they
were where we having game sound issues I
think you're having issue setting sound
up and everything yeah oh I'm sorry I
thought they were in the stream yes
definitely we will get that we will get
that down Oh answer claim those boxes
nothing claim those boxes oh yeah
there's weird all things sure I think
we're close all the secrets in this one
beep beep beep beep boop boop anonymous
is rich how much better will this game
be if you could use a lightsaber and
then he's got a winky face fuck you -
fuck you - Sarah dad says sorry for
early political question just in that
mood I guess that's I it's the season
understand it's the most the most
depressing election season of my life
no it's not the most fun I don't want
gonna be Hillary in Trump but I don't
want to vote for either no you don't
have to I'm not going to but but not
from you know what fuck it let's just go
fool crazy let's see how bad it can get
well first change well force change by
bringing the country to its knees oh my
god you know that's like that's like
something a villain would say right I
know that's like something an evil
villain would say we need to start the
world over again I I think I despite the
crazy shit he said I think Trump's more
mild more moderate than he would have
you believe
well you know of course there's only so
much power of president can have there's
still Congress to deal with and then
Senate jokingly I say vote for him and
bring the country to its knees right no
vote and you know what everybody don't
listen - rich and I we play video games
and make fart jokes vote for who you
want to vote for turns that also says do
you think the DC Cinematic Universe can
be salvaged
no no come on Batman cats but as far as
it universe goes you
you fucked over Superman you can make
some good Batman with Ben Affleck yeah
we
yes look at this that's great oh that's
a great level this level is like
completely nonlinear yeah
I love this machine gun
Oh fuckin money in your face enjoy her
know it scoffs this is a great level you
can go anywhere
look you want to go down there there's
monsters to fight down there you want
we'll go over here there's monsters over
here wherever you go there's monsters
very much behind you - huh there's
monsters behind you that way - oh it's
true you go up there as monsters up
there and it's great fucking great you
wanna go down here you know it's Donna
classes oh wait I don't have the big guy
the off switch says yeah switch how do
you expect this to know if you like
something or buy just wait okay I'm
gonna read that one how do you expect us
to know if you're like something by just
praising it constantly while playing it
give us give us a exact number out of 10
- significant figures please if we're
just if we're just enjoying it and and
praising it while we're enjoying it a
lot of play you're right we need an
elaborate number system say 62.5 by 91
and oh I could hit you with my gun fuck
you anonymous says Lex Luthor 2016 at
this point why the fuck not
alright save drew you bring up politics
again I know you're doing it in jest but
I'm trying to calm everyone down
so I'm not going to read that thank you
for the tip I'm trying to calm everyone
down do weird you are enjoying doom fuck
you oh these guys son you might use my
thing and stunts right
they're great that's that's actually
really yep
you know looking forward to the nice
guys hey I don't know enough about the
nice guys I know I've seen one trailer
it's a kind of jokey buddy comedy it's a
buddy comedy with handsome man what's
what's handsome man's name again the guy
who is Ranga
Ryan Gaza real guy over the guy who eats
cereal I won't eat cereal we got oh yeah
cereal approximately once after the guy
died yes oh how sad
yeah the guy who won't eat cereal and
the Russell Crowe written and directed
by Shane Black who we love who you
should love everyone should know champ
oh wait yeah I got the elephant gonna do
some kind of movie I figured was a
reboot or some news I receive orders see
it forgot what it was he's gonna do must
is probably something else
oh yeah
you
oh you fuck you fuck all yes shit
whoo jet slang printer wasn't predator
though I'm goddamn it don't drive me
nuts
what I thought I thought he was closer
to death Oh care yeah sometimes I do
that where it's like you know someone's
really close to death so you just smack
them once with your gun and then you
know they can start glowing I do hate
though how sometimes when you're really
low on health the glory kill gives you
like an excessive amount of health
because the game knows the game knows
you're fuckin up the magic bed you feel
ashame you know tomato soup yeah but I
turn around I'm gonna show you another
secret you go across the bridge did you
right yes yeah that bridge stopped
halfway across the bridge see that that
kind of thing that's sticking out on the
bridge jump on that platform does it
yeah to the right of that you see that
that lever yeah pulled a little all
these levers
now go back to where you came from oh
yeah yeah you found out these classic
levels oh my God look it by the way I
was this it was this original dream how
close the ceiling was to your fucking
head well there's different in different
sections they do may had the ability to
raise or lower ceilings
Wolfenstein didn't that's about what it
was like but in the original doom also
you couldn't look up and down right
right so it's just this yes oh that's
that's so claustrophobic the original
doom you could play comfortably Victor
Ryan star says thank you so much for
helping me get through an extremely
tedious and difficult semester also rich
I would highly recommend going to 16
gigs on your computer do Malone eats up
close to 8 gigs on the RAM yeah I've
been thinking about it actually I have
been thinking about you just do yeah
flannel X beard says my wife is in the
US and I'm alone
licking wedding invitations oh thanks
for making my impending death much more
enjoyable
ha ha ha ha yes here's the thing if
you're referring to your impending
nuptials as your upcoming death no I
think I think it was a Seinfeld joke
that could be inter hey that could be
inter I assume Seinfeld joke a Yeti
locally yeah
get out of there with it I mean I love
it listen to it though it's great great
get out of here this is giant I remember
one sixteen megabytes of RAM I hate it I
needed sixteen megabytes of RAM to run
MechWarrior to Jack that's probably more
than I'll ever need sixteen megabytes of
RAM Wow I had that I'd never need to
upgrade again future-proof that's
sixteen megabytes we've come a long way
baby
we have okay I don't know if I've gotten
everything in here I just don't nothing
you need to to get there I want to
acknowledge that you've got the secret
pact I'm moving on yep somebody eight
says no doubt that Star Trek nemesis is
by far the worst film in the entire
series pardon
generations bad I know everyone who
disagrees with me I fucking hate first
contact I'll take I'll take nemesis over
first contact I will really yep yep
first contact when it's a dumb action
movie but it completely ruins the Borg
in the Star Trek universe it ruins them
permanently with that Queen ship yeah
that movie ruined an entire prominent
race
yeah ron perlman told me personally it
was one of the worst experiences of his
career working with that hack director I
believe that
one problem in I'm just reading thing
hahaha Touche rich ooh
motherfuckin che hope without the Borg
Queen we wouldn't have the great moments
in Voyager this is word oh god you're
right
yeah all worth it all worth it 100 100
percent hi Joe 79 cents here you go guys
this can go towards a copy of the next
Neal Breen film oh thanks you know bring
films that won't happen sooner or later
we're definitely going to revisit that
well I we need to oh yeah I remember
this area yeah so you can climb up those
boxes for something one behind you've
got a doll in it oh yeah I think I found
that
gotta get them dolls look at him about
the cute the chainsaw is that something
up there never will get we'll get there
after this
whatever rich I want to shoot ducking
demonex enjoying himself too much
I am I wonder what we think of this game
oh I'm just having a really great time
just like that machine simple
oh yeah I think I remember that now
perhaps 78 says Ron Perlman played
Shinzon subordinate he was the alien
that mind raped right I think I remember
Jeremiah ringing that up during the
commentary watch the movie what I don't
think we did though we didn't get one
from emesis are you thinking of plenty
review maybe maybe maybe Mike brought it
up when we're watching it's applicable
few years back it sounds vaguely
familiar I'm getting out of here get out
of here
nope hey no get down to my get down
going on I was just I was trying to
outfit on I hit the thing I was trying
to jump down and doom guide decided to
grab a Ledge instead yes I know I don't
think it did all of the Nemesis tracks I
hope I helped with those but I was my
brain wanted to think we did it nemesis
commentary I don't think we did but it's
weird that I'm having trouble
remembering whether or not we did chat
channel now I'm sure we didn't I'm
pretty sure we didn't I think my brain
is just getting it confused with the
play good with you
for some bizarre reason just one of them
you know there are times in your life
and where you had to watch a Star Trek
don't understand my brain sure Joyce or
do violence says do VY do violence
nothing clever this is just the first
time I've been able to ignore work slash
band obligations and catch the better
part of a stream and my username seems
to appropriate to not say thanks for all
the XCOM hahaha you're welcome huh
you're welcome to violence doom violence
oh you said there's another thing thank
you
I'll go Bob already halfway back and
already have forgotten about the
chainsaw
not this chainsaw you
well did you need it no those are nice
pillaging corpses one of our con says
Jack and rich hye-suk totalbiscuit
stream of Duman hearing him be giddy
through much of the stream gave me a
good sign for the single-player yes
unlimited micro Rockets rule Jack Jack
won't what the scope I like the scope
alright sculpey he's kind of game was
fast-paced where you run around with a
gun and he he got the upgrade were you
standing it's relatively still a name no
no he can do what he likes he's having
fun then that's all it really meant you
know why cuz I like the headshots but we
know he made the wrong choice I like the
headshots cuz they know he made the
wrong choice the head I like it when
they hate it so vs it's got to be OBS
also the controller is in perma Rumble
because we ended on an explosion I have
to leave the room for a little bit I'll
be right back I was a masturbation joke
like put it on my crotch look guys look
at this this is crazy
ah for for Jesus Christ since I fixed my
RAM issue yeah zero crashes until today
and it's got to be OBS oh yeah no it's
actually extra strained on the why
should I plug that and put it back on
since this is actually feels really
weird I hope
hey I might have to unplug this help
somebody
it says MIT Ron when I attended the
Louvre a bowl film BloodRayne who they
spent the first 15 minutes of his
opening speech berating Hollywood and
their methods half the audience walked
out before the film began oh my lord
I believe it I absolutely believe it I
am going to go is the time
I did the crash is a good time that is
sure sure
listen there's nothing wrong with just
standing up every once in a while
stretching out your legs crash equals
stand up okay the controller's shocked
me as I stood up oh it's N it's loading
yeah yeah takes a while to load o able
okay the foundry the foundry I wonder if
it has anything to do with explosions
and the brightness of explosions because
it happened to write in an explosion and
so pay attention the next time there's a
giant explosion on screen if it's if it
has something to do with immense
brightness happening
yeah like what I don't know could be who
knows what oh yeah yes you run through
the flame the other side oh you made it
oh I'm not gonna go back ups oh wait no
I got the blue thing now I can go this
way
oh wait where'd my blue thing go oh fuck
I hadn't I had the blue thing where'd it
go
did you just steer in midair steer I
control your flight you can control a
little bit like you can kind of see the
tail end of my jump is pressed left and
you go a little left and find with us
yeah it's not it's it's mostly you can
also kind of stopped midair like or slow
yourself down but yeah your jump is
pretty controlled but that's okay
because that's kind of how it would be
IRL I have to redo this section should
have been a checkpoint but should have
saved well yeah that'll get that thing
I'm sure you had a checkpoint after you
did the gourgeist up there
yeah okay I get this thing just to make
sure no I did not get this thing it
didn't save that that's weird
also I thought I had the blue key card
this game isn't realistic enough and
there's no story that's true why should
you be having fun because I get to shoot
demons in the face that's not really a
shotgun that's not realistic Jack you
haven't to have a conversation with the
engineer about how you can walk to the
substation to cut off the demons round
and your void demons the whole way
because that's the stealth section
that's that's how a normal game that's
how it works in real life that's how a
normal game would be yes I know a game
would want you to without without the
demons or the Mars because real-life
Jack hey he isn't a blue kicker but I
can't get it is that the guy that had
the yellow one no look he's got a blue
vest look the key cards dangling from
him right there
oh that's weird
is that we softlocked we'll see let's
see if I can get through this door oh no
it's just not showing that's weird like
you can see you have the yellow card
yeah but your blue ones that show that's
weird
Oh where'd you go blister of all I might
have fine it's fine okay so a mental
note I have the blue key
a novice is rich how the hell did you
stop yourself from laughing during the
used colostomy bag seem from half of the
bag also what were you eating
I remember what you're eating it's a
sloppy joe wasn't no it was a it was a
it was a pork burger it was like a it
was like a pulled pork sandwich okay
there was a burger place down the street
from the studio and and we had you find
the most disgusting thing you could find
and it was like a barbecued pulled pork
sandwich which I'm sure was delicious
yeah well see when you're filming the
poop scene your brain isn't isn't in the
mood for delicious even though you know
it's not poop your brain is thinking
poop sure like I've always had issues
with fake vomit I know but brain is
thank you sure kind of a little bit it's
just soup it's a mental thing absolutely
then have 78 says thourough Burt wasn't
attached to direct and star in a film I
wrote until harassed so asshole father's
last manager tried to steal the film
from under me by taking it to investors
without my knowledge I got out after
that oh sorry sorry whose Thora Birch
that's a good question
yes that is no reference that is no I'm
not making light of you getting a star
in your film I'm really bad with names
Joyce is rich if you ever puked in
public Jack have you ever puked on table
in public and public like not just with
your friends no that's a great America
with Karen oh yeah yeah I know this
started going hey she convinced me to
get on the occasion cliffhanger the
Cajun cliffhanger this is one of those
things where you get that spins really
fast and the gravity keeps you into the
wall yeah and I got off of that thing
and I just immediately stumbled over to
the bushes and and puked my brains out
hi I made it through the bushes and my
skin was a delicious shade of green I
didn't come out of that I didn't grow
out of that
you fucking game
yes jack is playing with a controller I
am because I play with controllers I
play first-person shooters with
controllers and I'm not doing terrible
it's a free country and this is your
right
my aim assist is off you you are allowed
to make bad choices
ah you fuck this is how I prefer to play
I don't wanna get it easier I get it
this is how I play look as a keyboard
and mouse fan yep I'm defensive because
I live in the I actually live in terror
of the day where they just stop
bothering oh sure you have to use ik
troller for everything everything and I
would wake up like you know just sweat
from dreams - that's happening the tubes
coming out you can play with a
controller most Qbert no controller no
that's what keeps me awake at night
that's why sometimes I get pissy about
the whole controller versus keyboard
most oh yeah yeah jump
yeah in the back of my head I'm waiting
for the day when they don't bother no
keep
okay cap 78 says Thora Birch was the
daughter in American Beauty and the
princess in Dungeons & Dragons fucker n
up something that's the kind of fucker
have sex with her fuck her Wow she was
attractive well it sounds like your
problem isn't with her but with her with
her dad manager it's a mr. glitch I like
that you punched the robot you purchase
stuff from me too yes that's me I'm
gonna say for a story with with for a
game with no story yeah a very little
story they actually do characterization
perfectly cuz you punch the robot you
buy the things from my favorite part of
the story I don't think we've gotten
there yet is mr. robot man who's trying
to get you to you know save the station
huh
tells you about the things that you need
to gently shut down but make sure don't
you disturb the the mechanisms because
we need to preserve the hell juice and
instead of doing that you kick them into
pieces like no what are you doing this
like yeah I'm doing guys perfect
characterization it is do guys smash
smash everything for good anonymous says
is it possible that the Alpha and
particle effects are playing havoc on
the capture causing OBS to go haywire
and crashing the rig maybe turn down
some lighting and particle effect
resolution
oh sure that could be it maybe it
happens again I save it happen
we've gone long intervals between
problems yeah yeah it's not it's not
like a stream ending bro yeah
Got a couple issues here and there.
Anonymous says, here's $2 to get a 1080p upload of Plinkett's Bee Bustin' Service.
You better believe it. Better believe it.
Mr. Plinkus?
Not one of my more inspired filming days.
I wasn't feeling it the day we filmed that.
Yeah?
So that's my memory of Plinkett's Bee Bustin Service.
I had, like, no improv in me that day.
Kind of horrible.
Oh. Well.
it spawned a lifetime of shame and
regret stop secret found lord beaumont
says i don't think that pc gaming will
stop keyboard mouse i worry about
whether they will stop setting games /
movies / music on physical mediums you
shouldn't worry about it because that's
gonna happen I predict this is the last
console generation where they will have
things on disk
PC is already giving it up I've heard
people reasonably upset right they
purchased the physical copy of the PC
version of doing yeah and it was one CD
that brought them to like you know the
steam so they could install download the
game they got they got a nice case with
a piece of cardboard in it that's a
download code 55 gigabyte download 42 he
doesn't say yeah and that's bullshit
yeah I'm sure I'm assuming if you went
out to buy the disc the Box version of
this because you didn't want to wade
through that insanely long download you
know oh yeah and by the way like to get
fucked like that this it's the same by
the way for the Xbox one
yeah a game remember when we fought some
break right yeah I put the disc in and
it said like installing and we just
thought it was like updates
I don't remember we had to wait yeah we
couldn't film right away it was the same
with doom I looked it up it downloads it
from the disc like you have to install
the game on your xbox one hard drive
before you can play it even though you
have a disc yeah
that's cuz DVDs are much cheaper than
blu-rays actually you how much something
right there
I don't know many have to have multiple
discs well I probably just like
read/write speed here we go what did
that grab me access to again who cares
just put games on USB that's not the
worst idea I've ever heard actually
actually kind of like that idea
games on USB yeah yeah sure do what you
want
I didn't wish consoles would let you
just keep our mouths like I will never
play a halo cam
I just won't do it because I don't enjoy
first-person shooters on a controller
all right I have no reason to ever play
any halo right I know I wouldn't enjoy
it because I don't like those controls
have some of the it says my current film
is still on Jack we'll keep you posted
okay thanks even without Thora Birch
thor a bitch am i right no I'm sure
she's lovely
thank you that was my fault
that was my fault completely forget I
got the triple shot thing oh yeah I
haven't what are you experiment without
like the difference because I just like
shooting shit shit it's just your shit
faster in my head in my head I always
like to save my my power-ups like you
know for like when I'm in desperate need
and then I say you should never need him
okay see that and the micro missiles
they're just more general everyday micro
missiles oh yeah I got the micro
missiles upgrade not bad
I haven't used them because I just liked
them very good this machine gun is one
of my favorite machine guns in any video
game if you're going to use those go
into the menu upgrade the ammo
efficiency on that shit oh okay yeah
boom yes we got here advanced loader
something activates micro icon ready to
fire all right great
but we don't have a lot of those bullets
where am I going now I came from I came
from up there so it's gotta be over here
somewhere right
uh Susan's period says I've always
enjoyed the challenge of doom slash
brutal dooms harder difficulty levels I
haven't played it yet but this game
seems easy by comparison what do you
think the difficulty so far that's a
question for rich I don't think it's all
that difficult but then again this is
like my first playthrough and I'm not
playing on the hardest difficulty I can
play it on and what difficulty are we on
hurt me plenty which is like it's you
know there's three and it's in the
middle so this is the normal this is
normal okay but there's unlockable
there's a nightmare Oh which you know
it's supposed to be really hard I've
heard according to the devs take that
with a grain of salt but then there's
also ultra nightmare which is night more
difficulty with perma death oh yes yes
so this game has basically it has an
unlockable Ironman mode which I'm very
curious about no nightmares not a mod
yeah I think you have to beat the game
at least once to get nightmares we just
have ultra violence is unlocked we're
not playing on that right now hey come
back down here you dick
which would rather fuck a couple of
firemen right probably a fireman because
it's um got a crooked cop I just tried
to frame you for something afterwards
and beat you up cause he can fucking
cops with I don't think that makes any
sense it's fine
okay great what you want to work I don't
you I mean yes maybe well whatever the
bottom exit of this fucking thing I'm
not sure I'm turn the other way I think
it's the other way this way no I think
it's that way yeah turn on and look up
return to your right and look up not
under there that right oh maybe it's the
other side turn completely around 180
all right it's up there
now you gonna blow yourself up
yay rocket launcher don't want to use
that yet not in these tight quarters
what's this a tight hallway I'll give
that a try that's where they put the
record launcher which what is your
favorite hostess snack cake uh I think I
hate all of them Oh Twinkies are just
disgusting
well Twinkies are disgusting yeah but ho
ho's man this is great
I hate them all I think she's gonna just
go to Dunkin Donuts get a fuckin
doughnut that coasters crap ain't gonna
happen
there you right
just hit him a couple times with a gun
and then you don't have to waste any
ammo I wish those guys didn't take quite
so many hits uh yeah yes the fine is
there another guy as this music just
because the best
I'm sure
sorry shen says hi rich been hearing
that one of your movies long walk home
is really good and I haven't seen it yet
can't seem to find it though I was
wondering where I would be able to if
you happen to know did they take the
dance take that off cuz like I might
have been there might've been some kind
of music issue yeah one of those like
they made that written music that's
something we made like you know like it
wasn't like made professional to be a
thing we sold that was right that was
made as like a hobby and I he probably
scored him but like the score from some
other right and as one of those weird
thing where in order to put it up yeah
and who knows if they you still have you
ever done yeah yeah that one might be
lost a time
but you
why don't you give me that one coming
for you coming for you coming for you
ah so fucking good it's so fucking good
rich I just feel so fucking good turn
this off and play quantum break know
what kill all this shit rich
oh I kill every demon I knew that was
gonna happen
but that's okay you know why we get this
yeah yeah I see this I've done the exact
same thing pretty much I just had a
checkpoint so I could die for oh I'm
sorry was that too loud for the mic I'm
very sorry doom gets me that excited
where I destroy the mic many apologies I
just get so many things right I've been
I've been working really hard to like
quantify all of the things that doom
gets so very right shooting at things
right yes yes it does
movement movements like it gets movement
right you can the defense is speed yes
and well but I think that a lot of that
has to do with enemy AI to where you
have to move or else the enemies will
murder you dodging projectiles is a lot
more interesting than just getting hit
with hitscan weapons instantly
and it's there you know it's actually
dodging things not like ducking behind
cover not just using cover you have to
like you have to Duke right hey what Oh
watch out now yeah you have to move you
have to interact with the game what
Chuck and jive what is the the boxing
term or something stick and move stick
and move stick it our dog again there
was a little lip there was a little lip
that was that C&L; that time before
that's the world's just great that's
just great that was yeah yeah that was
my fault
shuck and jive shuck shuck and jive
that's the thing it's a thing that's the
thing that's the thing I've never heard
shuck and jive before but I'm gonna
believe you because I don't have a
choice and I'm not I think the armor is
getting you murdered no I'm not gonna
fall in love anymore cuz that one we
know a lot of the armor didn't kill me
last time it was the was the lip but I
don't even think I need to use the limp
I think I can go all the way around
oh yeah try jumping over that thing
exactly you can I've made that before
but it's easier to go around yeah
perhaps somebody it says if I I that
stuff with Thoreau
was back in 2008 her dad was more
interested in flying hot air balloons
than he was in talking shop I would know
it's all he'd brag about when I called
him ain't it fucked
he was a hot he's very into hot air
balloon hot air balloon enthusiasts well
then you kind of know you're an easy
it's nice to have a hobby
dodo dodo I remember this one this one
this is a tough one all right
let's fucking do it that's fine keep on
the move keep on the move you got it
don't forget I got the hyper blaster
oh yeah I remember those big bosses on
this though there's like three of those
berserkers so I'm waiting for the
berserkers firm out of those annoying
laser guys too
these budgets head off
punches fuckin head up get back remember
I got the triple shot sir Jack get down
here oh you dickhead fuck is wrong with
you and and there's a rocket launcher
now oh that's right we have a rocket
launcher what's that fucker out fucking
there's no tomorrow jack there is no
tomorrow you're right
demons are invading oh I know my stand
up time No ow
get out of my grill it takes a lot of
fucking hints yeah even with the fucking
rocket launcher I'm Morgan I've got some
Mercy Health Oh Jack how do you feel
about them okay I'm alive and so I'm
okay with it how about that
anyway no don't stand still fuck you
standing still I'm not standing still
I'm loving away waiting for more big
guys I want to I want to save my rockets
for the big guys Michael Wacha
you know just know just uses normally
know you not to save those okay yeah yes
Pam mention Jean that need that is mean
I think what the with the upgrade it's
only like two or three bullets approved
this one all right yeah it's not bad
rock out and if you need ammo don't
forget about the chainsaw oh fuck yeah
you're right I totally forgot about the
chainsaw
I always forget about the chainsaw who
else wants it you gonna get it back I
fucking chainsaw huh I know stand up
timer I know I can always pause it yeah
you don't want I don't want I just wanna
I just want to enjoy Doom fucking loved
it gonna be funny if a review is all
negative so do you recommend Duke no
what did you do to my cell phone did you
jump yourself through my you self jib to
fucking blew myself up yeah ah I can
stand up everybody's dad a break

[Part II]
great great
doom is great everything is great I do
need to get good I mean uh I don't know
if you notice I'm still in team fortress
mode with my Rockets where I don't aim
for the character I aim for the
character's feet and I don't even know
if these Rockets have that kind of
Splash Damage
but in Team Fortress 2 whenever you
would play as the soldier you would
always want to aim at the character's
feet to make sure that if you missed
they'd still get Splash Damage start
epic Jason that is a good question does
anyone really care about Gears of War
for no no I played the first couple of
gears there all right yeah I bought the
third one used I never got around to
playing it yeah no I don't think anyone
plays they killed the only interesting
character like near the end of the
second one yeah be Carmen oh yeah
the the the greenhorn hmm he was so fun
if you can't read you know such a boob
but you kept rooting for him yep
surviving even though he was supposed to
die and then when they finally killed
him oh no why'd you have to do that no
now we're just full of these jocks
yeah game is full of jocks oh yeah joy
has gone posse Maura I'm excited for
overwatch I'm probably gonna buy it I
don't know if we're gonna do anything
for it on the show but I'm looking
forward to playing overwatch yes
Oh do I have to change this with you oh
I turned the controller off oh oh oh
there it is oh oh just wasn't there I
just had to hit buttons it's just you
just had to wake up um I've heard
nothing but good things about overwatch
and I've stayed completely away from the
beta because I don't like you guys know
me I don't I don't like betas I don't
like early access I wait until a game is
done and so I'm really excited to get
into some overwatch so what the hell is
overwatch
it's the new Team Fortress 2 it's a it's
a team based or it's a multiplayer
online only first-person shooter that is
a class based teams and so different
characters have different attributes you
know the sniper the fast mover the the
century event that kind of stuff and so
by working as a team there becomes a
sort of rock-paper-scissors balance you
know like if one guy is destroying you
as this character you can be this
character and have an edge up on him and
it's made by Blizzard and everybody says
it's really great so I'm looking forward
to it
no I don't think battleborn is a MOBA
either I think battleborn is also a
class-based first-person shooter I've
just heard that battleborn has real
balance issues
and that could be true I Joe 79 that
modern Vedas are just glorified demos
but I the something I would I would hate
to fall in love with something in a game
and then have it taken away after the
demo like oh we decided not you know to
remove that or conversely I'd hate to
like have a sour experience with the
beta and then they say oh no we fixed
that all for the real game it's like I
still have would have that sourness in
my head i I'm gonna wait until your game
is done and then I will play battleborn
is a mobile is it really I did not know
that all right time to go time to go
time to go rich do it kill all the
demons
do-do-do-do-do-do sorry Cass we had to
take a little break from exploding
demons stretched it's a whole thing
ha tardy says overwatch goes beyond Team
Fortress 2 in that each individual
character has unique skills and
abilities ie multiple unique heavies
snipers healer Scouts oh that's it I'm
I'm really excited I'm really excited to
get into it that's probably just gonna
be a me game maybe will stream it oh now
you gotta kill harder rich don't let him
get away so I'll probably stream it a
little bit but that might just be a game
yes for me every once in a while we need
a game just for you
now let's enter your home today oh yeah
merci hell yeah Nina's good keep seeing
the bottom keeping battle yeah but you
know what in order to get it you got to
be close enough there's some there's
some there's some balance in there and
you know keep the fight I'm gonna be
okay with it because it keeps you
fighting I just kill harder that's right
oh my good I could have a subscriber
over lunch game that'd be fun yeah why
is there a health bar instead of a doom
guy Fitz you're right you're absolutely
right
your face let's see here I bought the
hot toys one-sixth the Ripley figure and
it's being sent to my mom's house how do
I can L how do I convince her I don't
just want to have sex in it you know
that sounds like a conversation for you
and your mom's
doom face mod yes I'm sure that will be
one of the very first mods is replacing
your health bar with the doom guy face
that's and that's true Tiberius Kirk I
think for that the amount of money you
spent on that one-sixth Ripley oh yeah I
used it okay are you good oh fuck I fell
down fell down go boom down again right
wrist settle down settled my parkour is
failing me I know you're super excited
to play the doom game but it's cut you
guys got Jill you got chill for two
seconds here no I don't believe you can
rocket jump in this game I believe you
can rock it explode did you try it I
have not tried but if you have you just
reached a checkpoint maybe try rocket
jumping no no I enjoy my health but I
wouldn't be shocked if they put rocket
jumping ends is a doom game still
they're going for that old-school flavor
there might be a rocket jump
am I still excited for no man's sky and
what do I think about the $60 price
thing I assumed a $60 price tag as it is
a big game I know I I'm worried about
how old how quick yeah
we have not seen a lot since any of the
e3 what we have seen it seems shockingly
similar yes
so I don't know anymore I do it for 60 I
don't know I'm not I'm not pumped I'm
not surprised at the $60 price tag it's
a big game big games with 60 bucks
ooh and it is it's granny GILF granny
GILF wants all the demons she wants to
bring hell on her why who cares they
bring the demons say you could shoot him
in the face you can shoot something
that's why she did it for you it's
because she loves you doing gay fucking
door eyes on mage absolving my sins
before seeing past oh that's right
that's right it is the media being rich
sorry for the errors in the trading card
I hope you liked it jack sorry for the
card I sent it in bit odd I hoped you
liked the dick there's a card that's
right those are funny Jack could you
please repeat the steagle Radler
grapefruit beer drink recipe I picked up
some when I was in Austria a couple of
months ago but I can't remember in which
video you talked about okay so now that
it is technically summertime even though
today in Milwaukee it was 32 degrees as
it gets warmer weather it is becoming my
favorite drink the season which is
steagle rather so there's two ways to
drink it so the steagle radler is a
grapefruit juice beer and it is a
delicious beer and you have it over ice
with gin you put it you know glass with
ice put it as much gin as you want in
the bottom couple shots worth fill the
rest with grapefruit juice radler and
it's delicious
I've also had it with tequila and it's a
very interesting flavor a little you
just
not jump at all well I did but
apparently I was already still in the
error when I hit the jump I don't think
you jumped at all fuck you
where do I find this period most liquor
stores will have a grapefruit juice rod
ler steagle rattler is what it's called
check your local liquor store
Steagall rod ler so gin on the bottom or
tequila
tequila's is interesting it makes it a
little deeper of a flavor so like if
you're going for lighter you go for gin
you go for deeper you go for tequila get
a nice mezcal tequila not the one with
the scorpion on the bottle oh that's the
bad one apparently I don't know much
about tequila but that's what I was told
so that is the recipe I like gin I
prefer gin on the bottom just cuz I like
it real life Virginia on your bar I
prefer gin on the bottom that's just
that's really freaky I could understand
not to have known that chai know just
and then you just and you wiggle on it a
little bit and that's a day it's a great
it's what the kids call an overshare oh
that's no we call it a splashy flap
splashy flap I hid a hit platform Jack
chin on the bottom I hate platform it
Jenna and about it perhaps what missed
my last two tips missed my last tip yeah
sorry guys for the venting tonight just
felt like getting off my chest
fYI the stuff with Thor was bangin we
read those apps apps apps I'm sorry I'm
with the apps which one you read the the
thing with Aurra happened in 2008 yeah
yeah heard that visited and then you
said sorry for venting tonight I think
you said that
I don't know was that before or after
the I think the last what I read was the
the thorough well then sorry apps Jack
my friend the reason I think doom 4 is
so good is the engine is the engine
going back to 1993 and it's been refined
over and over what other game has this
kind of investment love the show the
engine rich what about in it is why doom
is the greatest is the gameplay the
engine smooth the engine is a good
engine know the fast pace gunplay focus
on movements and and weapons the engine
makes it happen
interesting interesting hijack hybrid
speaking of high price tags I just
watched your stream of the witness I
feel like you should be compensated for
your talking love the streams well thank
you solo 567 for compensating us for the
witness yeah that one the engine doesn't
get in the way ox it yeah seeing that
like I don't think the engine makes it
it's like what they say about a good
editor right a good editor is one you'll
never notice yeah does he make it sure
but it's like it's all part of it the
engine the engine is part of what makes
doom the doom so good no I think it I
made this in unreal
it's the gameplay what does why I said
it made a good fast-paced that's the
quit that's the question right we're
gonna there's a lot of games I probably
haven't played that maybe the damn them
but I mean I don't know you see a lot of
things a battlefield
player you see the battlefield one stuff
looks neat
what is this battlefield one World War
one they're going back to World War one
whatever looks neat I don't give a shit
you know what I want to know what I want
in in some shooters I want to go back to
iron sights
no no reticle just iron sights you know
what I don't want to aim down the sights
at all I like I love this Jack I know
you love this I love this that's what I
like in my shooters this is a fine
shooter it's a fine shooter I'm never
going back I'm never here to anything
you're just playing doom for the rest of
your life until they make a new doom a
new doom to because now they've made it
a new doom one something like a medium
to
I know perhaps I still have not seen
Civil War and I feel like a bad nerd no
you're fine I'm sure I'm it's film
here's the real thing is it hasn't been
a huge priority for me because I know
I'm probably going to enjoy it you know
because I I know I'm that kind of person
I did though over the weekend finally
see Deadpool have you seen the Deadpool
I need to you know I need is one of
those things I'd like to see really
enjoyed it I won't get too much into it
because rich hasn't seen it had some of
the funniest moments in recent history
I've seen that movie watches superhero
movies ice
nice I like that I've been zits doom to
more doom to doom we put the dope the
dome in the dome dome sure what that was
way my dad owned a dome and no home dome
captain jerk says you guys are great
yeah captain it was ji RK ya jerk
because what jerk jerk jerk
I kept Angier G Eric where was I you
guys are great which is genre of game if
any would you most like to see use V are
rich and I aren't hugely sold on VR yeah
in general and so I'm wondering if it
wouldn't be like 3ds been like since the
fifties just a gimmick they keep trying
to push right but never quite as never
quite worth it yes gimmick this is fun
that's fun every once in a while maybe
something you know what space flight sim
sure anything anything like legging it
like a first-person shooter I think the
lack of tactile sensations is gonna kill
it
yeah maybe you couldn't do sword
fighting again the lack of lack of the
lack of feedback you're right be like
you're running you're not really running
around you're just sitting there with a
helmet on your head you know I don't
know one of the things that got me
excited one of the very first times I
saw like an oculus
demo someone was playing Team Fortress 2
on it and of course doctors two guys and
they were playing as the scout and they
were doing a thing where you know the
the gun stayed in front of you but you
could look all around the world yeah and
then and and so they were playing as the
scout and they the Scout can double jump
and so like the Scout can go really high
and so like the gun was still facing
forward and they were shooting a guy in
front of them they were jumping up and
they were like looking all around for
the other guys and then they were
turning they got like they were doing
all this stuff and it was so amazing the
way they were doing is just like having
that kind of control over all the things
you could look at in a game seems like a
really great idea isn't it just a mouse
but then you're looking with the gun
what you see them you don't have to
worry about swinging the gunner yeah but
like could you imagine like having
control over both like oh I'll shoot
this guy this next guys over yeah yeah
you can aim and shoot looking and you're
just gonna miss everything that's a
great idea Jack you get you get your
whole sense of your surroundings what is
a good idea you have like a space flight
sim you take like an elite dangerous or
like a Wing Commander and you're sitting
in a fucking cockpit and then when
you're steering then you can look to see
like what other ships are around you
without completely turning your ship
away you don't want to go that would be
great that would also be good and I
would also add to the sim enos of it so
I'm well with any kind of flight sim or
Space Flight yeah cuz I like space I'm
science fiction or these flights right
right okay back to you I had to stop to
talk that's alright that's alright the
point is we're not sold on VR
and then against trying it out oh yeah
not against it there there's plenty of
ways to do it
well we're I'm looking into anything
that we might be able to do strain but
hey Jack hey rich says MC Lucas glad to
see you're enjoying doom the doom
looking forward to riches no death luck
we'll see how hard nightmare is I might
try Ultra nightmare yeah yeah nice
truth yes yes twitchplayspokemon we are
not interested in VR yo show me once I
see the app once I see the game that is
gonna make it worth it Wow fuck
we'll get 100 bucks
no rocket jumping no rocket jumping back
jyggalag yes we are saying that rich
hates VR that is the official consensus
of everyone here rich aides BR I hate
you all don't think he thinks everything
that's what I really hate Oh
that makes sense yeah thought about it
for four seconds and I realized oh yeah
it's you will need power is what's going
on Rich's hate fuels our love yes so
much so
it is well you know it's it's not even
about major games VR like we just need
where's that thing go
what thing the thingamajig but that ship
in the the upgrade droid droid drone
who's there
it flew down here oh oh
aha it just needs like the one game
where everyone says it's absolutely
worth it for this one game like I've
been seeing a bunch of goofy games with
VR and it all looks like cute but it
looks like something that would like be
worth a nights worth of giggles you know
what should I do here what is the chat
one what are what upgrade does the chat
want to play with what are we looking at
remote detonation or lock on verse he
deep blessed explosive shot give me for
anything let's have to be for them oh
sure you could swap I'm not even a big
rocket launcher guy I don't like I don't
like weapons with Splash Damage where I
can murder myself yeah they're saying
lock-on burst lock-on bursts supposed to
I I actually you know what maybe you
want remote detonation then scope yeah
just you scope this out okay I like you
know I chose la close have shot
explosive shot I like it's like it's a
grenade launcher why wouldn't you want
that I didn't say it
all right see how that works out great
let's do it
zooming it up oh it's terrible
I mean it's a very logic
well yeah shattered atom and it didn't
hit him directly and nothing happened
maybe you need to get good let's see how
bad this way
I'll miss why didn't another guy die
I hit a like right behind him oh well
given a weird wall detection thing yeah
the little shopbot is is abused in his
game but he's a robot so he doesn't feel
anything it's okay it was built by the
UA
seeing them jerks yep they're all jerks
yep ever even the robots are jerks
that's why I got to smack him around a
little bit that breeds like on this
bigger boom yeah increase the explosion
yeah reduces yeah and reduces the load
time it's right that's right
and see like the question is like if VR
will be ubiquitous in 10 years and my
like my guess is not my guess is it will
be a lot like 3d for movies where it's
gonna be a huge fad for a little bit and
a lot of people will agree it's cool but
no there won't be that thing that will
convince people that it's a must-have
it's it'll be an add-on and that's it
there's no reason you need the 3d and it
for a movie to work just like there's no
reason you need VR for a game to work
unless you can start making the games
and that's just not gonna happen I don't
think it's gonna happen
nobody agrees 3d is cool I filmmakers
love 3d they still love 3d James fucking
Cameron 3ds 60 Fred's seconds could
change the way we watch movies filmmaker
other than James Cameron wisely I'm sure
there are some they keep working and
prominently openly loves him who's not
James Cameron Wow yeah he's the big one
but anyone other than him I doubt I
think he's an outlier you think people
out that are the the studios you know
the studios I mean the like the theater
chains love that Peter Jackson was they
think it's a it's a gimmick that will
keep people in a theater and not just
just waiting for Netflix Peter Jackson
was big on 60 frames a second was he big
on 3d he might have been big on 3d was
he big on 3d there st. Peter Jackson
okay eglee Zack Snyder no I don't think
Zack Snyder was
I'll be a medicine how do I feel about
chips on a sandwich that's gross
yeah just um well it's not for me it's
also dumb yeah
chips do not belong in a sandwich chips
are not the kind of crunch that belongs
in a sandwich get out of here
the 3d TVs are dead 3d is a stepping
stone to VR no mm not no the VR won't be
a thing until we can get rid of the
goggles this is a real thing people
don't want to strap shit to their heads
and you can't convince the general
popular you know tech people game people
they'll strap suits in their heads I
don't think you're gonna convince the
general public to strap shit to their
heads so until we can not strap shit to
our heads
you're not gonna it's not going to be
the main way we experience entertainment
people are lazy neither of us have
beaten the game I'm pretty far rich is
really taking his time as he is treasure
hunting but I'm close to beating the
game
first day of seven that ran problem oh
that's right yes people and people are
cheap that's that's really true people
are lazy and people are cheap and
they're not going to spend money on
something that they have to strap to
their head it's it oh this is very
carefully what the fuck doom guy that is
characterization gold that is brilliant
this is brilliant that's beautiful but
that's the thing twitchplayspokemon 3d
movies have existed for nearly a hundred
years not a hundred years that's that
camping trip 3d movies have existed for
a long time and have never become the
standard they are still a fringe
spectacle 3d movies and VR is becoming
commercially available but we're talking
about something that people are asking
on whether or not it's going to take
over as the standard and I just don't
see it happening I'm also a curmudgeonly
old man that's where I came from in it
maybe I am I don't remember the second
so like I I could just be you know I
could be all all up in these damn kids
need to get off my lawn but I don't see
like the the non-gaming people in my
life the the the more casual gamers I
can't see them strapping something to
their head
nice noise yes a guitar so when when we
have a holodeck type setup when when
people can but also like think about
like the biggest part of watching TV or
gaming sitting down
people don't like moving almost lost it
they had a little we had a little hiccup
because remember you not only need to
make something cool you then need to
convince everybody that they need it
remember when people are trying to
convince everyone that they needed a 4k
TV that worked out like gangbusters
people still aren't sold on 4k and
that's just like that's an easy sell
it'll look prettier
looks pretty enough yeah and then
everybody said nah we're cool everything
was ready buy all this shit again it's
some kind of super blu-ray now just
watch blu-rays I had to get rid of my
DVDs a super-clean rip and he's super
blurry I don't like this at all oh my
god
fuck off what's Netflix well Netflix is
streaming at 480 I'll take that how
about that that's easier for me as a
consumer yeah run you fucker
I love the enemy AI am as they do
they'll run away from you
Netflix does have 4k content your and
there there is some 4k content out there
but that's not what people are missed a
thing
haste now just makes it run fast they
would have it handy yeah sure sure sure
what do these demon guys do when Doom
guys they're these demon guys some of
them are actual demons and before doom
guy got there this was a functional base
and so these demons have been ripping
people apart and destroying the base the
people running the base kind of weird
yeah they're occult well that you know
they were trying to harness demon hel
energy for human consumption and it
backfired on them
strangely enough and so the demons have
been killing all the humans that have
been it earlier in the in the game we
learned that's sixty one sixty one
thousand people died on the base and
they said about eighty percent of them
had been turned into demons and so some
are demon proper and some are people who
are turned into demons so if you see
like you know there's like hell's stuff
sprayed on the wall you know they've
been the demons have been pretty busy I
think they've been doing stuff tagging
you know someone's got to lay out all
this armor and ammo that's probably the
demons like waiting for doom guy
yeah beautiful beautiful oh sorry I've
been missing some haps skies ice pirates
is a must for the next best of the worst
there is a 36 second clip to sell you on
it check it out it's a movie I loved as
a kid pirates he don't take no shit to
God please stop destroying this stuff I
don't want you guys fuck he knows what's
up he's nobody's bitch fuck you guy lord
bellman says Peter Jackson was big on 48
frames per second 3d sucks and John
Carmack is so devoted to oculus he quit
ed software
yep really yeah I was not big on VR but
I really trust its Carmack he knows his
stuff okay I appreciate his genius
alright how old modded user said first
livestream managed to catch I've gotten
tons of entertainment from your YouTube
and thought I'd say thanks you rock
I agree VR just isn't there yet to
justify the cost thank you yeah another
thing about VR it's one of those things
you don't want the first generation yeah
wait till we wait till we really figure
this out it's like buying the first
automobile you know like like turn a
hand crank to get us started like there
aren't even any roads yet yeah wasn't it
when they was making roads for your car
the way the first up where the first car
was out like you had to turn it off when
a horse came by cuz you couldn't scare
the horses there's like a law for that
so yeah you don't want that
how about we wait so the roads are there
that being said that leads us to a
chicken and egg kind of situation where
if there aren't enough early adopters
they won't build the roads you love the
early adopters take care of that you
come in once they got that shit right
wait till they get the roads that's
that's the that's the theme for tonight
that's that's wise words from previously
recorded thing called VCR weighs 80
pounds record 4 seconds of a TV show oh
my god and it's only $80,000 sign me up
sign me up Facebook is going to own a
huge slice of the VR market even if they
discontinued the rift tomorrow
regardless of how you feel them that's
true that's true Facebook does has a
huge stake in VR and they are a powerful
company you still need the games you
still need the apps we need the we need
the infrastructure we need the roads
there you know one can point to that
thing that you must have everyone was
willing to sign their their their
internet privacy away because they
agreed they liked looking at their
family's pictures that was Facebook like
yeah I will share my entire life on
Facebook as long as I get to you know
like hang out and like see my family's
pictures that was the that was the
must-have app right and we need that
with VR or else is never gonna sell
never gonna sell happen perhaps I did
not miss your last tip but I you you
don't have to tip to tell us we mister
tips or maybe that's your joke now I
don't know
that's true if anyone does figure it out
Facebook will buy them or copy them that
is very very true to it uh well I'm not
trying to validate while I don't have
something cavity because I'm trying to
explain why I don't have something I
potato potato I guess
uh sorry Chen obligatory random question
of the day do you guys like Asian food
if so what kind I like foie and ramen
rich Co Asian food I've avoided Asian
restaurants for a slight going to the
China Buffet yeah
crab cake kind of thing I lose in it I
one day I want but the turnip effect
yeah Mike I just have like it's got a
spinach thing it's just a spinach thing
and they must have used like the same
pan they cooked like got a tuna fish or
something in uh-huh
cuz I had a horrible allergic reaction
and I almost suffocated in the fucking
China Buffet uh-huh ever since then I've
been averse to it it's yours your rent
you have many food allergies nuts and
fish apparently official yes some fish
there's the two big ones yeah yeah and
you know I was really big with with
Asian food is fish yep yeah I enjoy all
sorts of Asian food I enjoy a ramen is
my absolute favorite if if there was a
decent ramen restaurant do you consider
just plain old rice Asian food no no I
do not
rice is big in Asia they like the right
okay know what oh yeah you got it
just can't just this Charles barrels I
thought this was the one way you had to
destroy enemies week with barrels but
I love ramen if there was a decent ramen
restaurant near where I live I would
probably eat ramen many times a week I
love it it is one of my absolute
favorite foods nicely done thank you
I love sushi I would I would eat sushi
every day if there was a good sushi
restaurant near my house I love loves to
die that's probably not true but I love
sushi so yes I like a lot of Asian food
Chinese food it's like hit or miss you
know like you find those Chinese
restaurants are like the Chinese buffets
where it's like yeah it's all right
sometimes it's not so all right
whenever y'all are inelegant best ramen
houses sarah chin i was silver like
ramen that's a ramen place I've been to
a couple times now in Silver Lake just
because that's where that's where my
cousin lives and there's this ramen
place right down the street from him
called Silver Lake rum and that has
really great ramen so if you are ever
near there
I recommend silver like Robin Robin
have you played with the snap map thing
yet
no what is this snap map yet even looked
at that I haven't looked at it either
but I'm just I wanted you to know it
existed no I saw it on the thing I oh I
thought you were gonna explain what it
was that's the love letter oh okay no no
I have I I am gonna play a little
multiplayer I wanted to finish the game
first yeah yeah I don't know if I'm
gonna bother with the multiplayer yeah
yeah I just wanted me to turn it on
totally don't give a shit
100% no shits given okay Frenchie a
knife right nope no it's some for
campaign that's enough okay yeah I've
had a couple Sarah Chen I've had a
couple Romans in LA and silver like
seemed to be the best also it's just the
one I've been to the most often because
that's my cousin lives so that's where I
was staying so that's right good not
accustomed to this kind of non-linearity
isn't it great where you gonna go you
gotta figure I mean you could always hit
the cheap button
you could play fan-made maps can you
just make yeah single-player maps I
thought it was only for multiple I'd
believe its single-player like you can
place the enemies I I haven't touched
him yet
ooh but I think that's a thing that
exists we could do that you want to look
at it before we do in the stream sure
yeah oh look at him I'm going to Silver
Lake groundswell oh great
well there's fucking game on he knows he
knows what's up by or she are they or it
and you're right I have been ignoring my
little map locator yeah every little
thing I know
it's for single-player - you can place
enemies that sounds really neat I
thought that was just for multiplayer
maps but that sounds cool B oh sorry
sorry jack and perhaps sorry jack
reading the chat watching for tips
talking to rich and watching game is a
lot to handle at once don't mean to be a
pain but check out the clip tonight a
festival yes ight well I rich knows it
wish
ice ice pirates oh yeah
rich knows it love it as a kid not sure
what I'd think isn't it dull is it a
kids movie I was a kid I just knew it
was space and science fiction and they
had the robots all I knew or cared about
a time great - is like a tack look at
that Jack it's a super shot I know super
fucking shotgun
it makes the guts go like crazy far so
many guts it's just like the guts I love
Anna gobble tease the groups -
gobbledygook rich what says Lord Belmont
how do you think Carmack is a weirdo
I've just read that he's I've heard it
implied that he was like a sociopath
yeah like he didn't really have much in
the way of empathy towards look towards
other human beings okay is what I've
heard about him hmm don't know how true
it is
read the masters of doom I want to what
is that
that's the made a book about it Oh rise
of its off for the rise and fall Oh fun
it focuses on the relationship between
karmic and morale
oh okay interesting Carmack ordered a
medium pepperoni pizza from dominos
almost every day for years through the
early days of Eid software that is very
strange
yes
very strange fearful slut boy says hey
Jack did you ever end up watching that
video where Edmund and Tommy troll a
sleazy producer who wanted to make a
super meatboy movie they string him
along with nonsense for an hour it's
great oh it's No thank you for reminding
me I remember I want to go watch that
one of those that I'll get around to you
a very important question from yonder
yonder rich does rich like the
pump-action more than he loves the juicy
checker yes
how else are you gonna get to that juicy
Shack meat unless he gets a pump-action
you know I'm saying no I'm saying no I'm
saying it's just something satisfying
about that you'll get with the double
barrel
yes and these do have the quake jump
pads I'm fine with that
wait was basically just the evolution of
doom anyway Optimus said that we used
hell energy to solve to solve the human
energy crisis yeah
and that's how we got demons and shit on
but where did we come from Jack what
where did this marine come from he wakes
up and he's in case there's some kind of
stone - I'm excited to find out right
he's naked in a stone tomb I know we're
ever gonna find out I think it's part of
the story that's what my guess is that's
what my guess is Energon right but by
the way they like that little bit of
story it happens while you're walking
around like they don't they don't you
know go to a cutscene what story isn't
bad story in games is not bad I don't
want to seem like that's the message I'm
advocating the story is bad when it
comes at the expense of gameplay like a
quantum break they focus all their
energy on on making a TV show and making
cinematic cutscenes and then the
gameplay feels kind of bland and blah
the game paints afterthought yes if your
game is not an afterthought that story
have a good story and good characters
but don't ignore your fucking game
HAP says ice pirates is a serious
adventure of Star Wars meets the dark
themes of Mad Max meets the goofiness of
Spaceballs not for kids and a lot of
great action and goofy humor another
space herpes there's space herpes gets
that runs around on the ship it's wasn't
very supervised disentangled watches
movie it's got spacing right i watch
that it's got space in it I'm watching
space and you know what I'm fine
everything was fine everything's fine
boom rich what what what is his doom
game of the year so far uh what else
came out this year Oh
Game of the Year such meaningless things
Raven I know that's what they're
referring my my stance on that I'm
enjoying it yeah and yes I see in the
chat we have both played enter the
gungeon I really like it I like it I
just so many things to play and do and
see in life yep right now doom is taking
over
I like doom better even though you
cannot compare the two you absolutely
cannot compare a top-down twin-stick
roguelike shooter to doom that's another
thing that's weird well the game of the
year like this these things don't really
know they're not in competition no it's
different it's different things
Oh something I can't make that jump I
think you've been down there already
I've been in here huh I've not been in
here oh I don't think you need to go in
there well it's probably something in
there Jack if you if you can't get in
there easily yeah you can see it it's
probably something hidden there okay I'm
not sure where I'm going though though
I'll be honest with you well you got it
follow you the things I fell over again
let me do a dead-end
well it's me and there's something
beyond this wall I think but I don't
know where to get her button you have to
press and I couldn't use the phone map
you could use them now probably what I
could do yeah that seems like a lot of
work oh oh you're just on the wrong
level yeah go down or up not down
you got a good down level this is what I
gotta get up here no I gotta go to that
arrow for the arrows there's me no
you're the dumb guy what this yeah
that's a collectible to hell oh then you
gotta go up yeah I gotta go up Oh what
are you talking about I love this
exploration bit pool don't bedont I have
never said anything negative about about
this exploration in fact I've said
positive things like they reward you in
this game not with just trinkets and
treasures they reward you with more
demons to kill which is a great way to
reward a player and the duma game about
the big shadowy ly5 speaking nope nope
sorry tired and sad says have you guys
seen edge of tomorrow it's probably the
closest to a genuinely good cinematic
version of doom or quake I don't know if
I'd go that far but edge of tomorrow is
a fan
tastic movie probably a lotta but I
haven't seen it you would love it it's a
great it sounds like a fun premise
really fun premise it's a Tom Cruise
and some Biddy I forget her name at the
moment come here it'll rip your fucking
hat off nope rip Oh punch it yes fuck
your heart out
ah fuck eyes killing everything kill
that hologram it's a it's Tom Cruise and
some bidding on a dime Jack and the
premises they're fighting an unbeatable
alien force and Tom Cruise ends up with
a magical power that gives him a
groundhog state powers anytime that he
dies he resets to that morning and so he
uses his knowledge of what will happen
in the day to to defeat the enemy and so
on and so forth fantastic
fan-fucking-tastic movie Emily damn luck
there was an invisible wall but I didn't
die Wow I dig it invisible wall which is
which is kind of bullshit kind of
bullshit that woulda been a shitty way
to lose yes yes it would have been emily
Blunt's is the name of dbiddy
in edge of tomorrow I think it's on
Netflix - you should everyone should see
it it's a fantastic sci-fi movie no you
were here already I'm going back up I
jumped down I tried to get in that area
oh I almost died for my exploration Jack
hunter back jack we are talking about
edge of tomorrow that's okay if you die
because of exploration that's a fine
sacrifice its Groundhog's Day with
sci-fi bars it's like videogame
Groundhog's Day it's great yes rich
approves of new doom professor Sultan
is that not obvious well hey they just
came okay they just came to the stream
they wanted to know if you person very
much so very much so
okay sorry shadowy leave I'm speaking of
story and gameplay have you guys heard
of the crisis franchise it's the most
underrated game and underappreciated
it's very entertaining gets fun cheesier
you guys should check it out crisis oh
you wanted this
fuck you of doom god nobody's bitch I
kind of love it
his whole purpose is to destroy that's
it he murders demons yes that's what I
do it doesn't care about you a C's
unethical crap I need you to save these
lenses they're very dodo God stop
stomping on the Duke guy alright doom
guy I have a stealth mission for you
it's very important to dunk I don't know
it makes for a great character it really
does describe I enjoy being this doom
guy yes I enjoy it thoroughly smashing I
play a game like this because you don't
want to take crack you want to you want
to shoot demons in the face have to go
over here and do that whatever shut up
you ever read the between the missions
stuff yeah doctor it's offered me my
health
I don't I don't that's great doom guy is
an actual character this doom guy has a
lot of great characterization and you're
right path is rich and Jack always loved
Triple A games always all the time
apps Jack here's a link to the space
herpes scene in ice pirates Thank You
apps to click on it got it I watch it
what game I don't even like it's hard to
even remember what games came out this I
don't sort these things by your just
what's a good game let's the only
question eat this is a good game it's a
good game it's it's hard to remember and
the we're not even far into the year
it's hard to remember what came out this
year enter the gungeon necrolyte drifter
julia stardew valley yesterday valley
started fire watches like you know what
would you take do rumors start new
family well they're so fucking different
so that's bullshit compare it's the
other thing that's the stand up timer
everybody that is the stand of timer
that means it's time to stand up down
revenue check is a revenant
what a revenant Jack the skeleton
monster with Rockets great oh I love
revenant Jack
whoa
oh you guys are right we need to put up
a spooky warning for these revenant
encounters he's one of them Skellington
rich what the revenant they're a
Skellington man days ah you need to be
doomed boots Danko no boots
double jump boom I agree by the way the
best part is when he killed that guy
eatable Lando is second have either of
you seen the trailers for the movies
after last season or sir Billy what nope
the trailers themselves have baffled me
for years and could use a some best of
the worst expertise thanks for all the
laughs nope
by the way Chet I really am enjoying
myself
we're gonna shoot my gosh we're guys
that's what it is tired and Ted with
Batman V Superman Civil War and Deadpool
all out is there a movie in 2016 you
guys are looking forward to seeing
what's going on my head maybe I don't I
don't even know what flux coming out I
don't know I'm looking for ourself
tortoise of war but uh yeah what's going
out to see you know I'm uh
I really well you know I know it's out
already but I haven't seen that I'm
looking forward to green room I really
want to see that that looks like a fun
movie
I actually don't those guys go up the
stairs
yes and then it really is boom-boom
I'm looking forward to x-men apocalypse
because I want it to be bad I don't have
you heard about it supposed to be
horrible I know and I just want I did
not like Days of Future past but
everyone seemed to really like that and
I don't understand why people liked it
so much and so I just want to be on the
same page with everyone as far as an
x-men movie is concerned and not like it
with everyone else so that's it that's
as far that's all I can say but you know
sometimes Oh rich what would you like to
see a quake sequel with this kind of
gameplay yeah or another Doomer hey
whatever but this kind of gameplays
actually you know I really like quake 4
yeah something of the end boss shootin
gonna brain not as exciting as fighting
something you know but fine it's fine
Olivia Munn I think is a bad actress
I wonder what now she's in Apocalypse
she's psylocke you know who's Psylocke
is she's British Asian accession
assassin she's a psychic assassin
doesn't she like a British woman with
the brain and
the brain of a British woman in the body
of an Asian girl I just got a weird
x-men backstory because the x-men
because there's really fucking weird
front possibly but she's a psychic
assassin and she can make psychic blades
and she uses her psychic ability to do
like flips and shit a second way and
she's psychic blades and she looks
really cool but the only problem is
Olivia Munn's a bad actress when they
gave up finding your superpowers and you
kept their blade yep a mutant powers to
make energy source energy swords that
happen by just random evolutionary
mutation and swords
yeah I'm not fond of Olivia I think I've
said that before I just think she's a
bad actress
it was after seeing Deadpool I had read
or before I started pool I had read that
a Olivia Munn was originally asked to to
be in Deadpool they wanted her as the
the main lady in Deadpool and she opted
out in hopes that she would get this
apocalypse wait I think there's
something out there I think you can go
in there maybe I can yeah
and she so she turned down Deadpool for
apocalypse because she wanted to be a
hero and now you know there's a
girlfriend and then after watching
Deadpool I'm like thank fucking god
Olivia Munn wasn't in this the lady in
Deadpool was so great
I'll see ya I don't I also don't think
Jennifer Lawrence is a good actress and
Jennifer Lawrence is all over the x-men
movies and mystique has never been a
major character in x-men and why the
fuck is she a major character now
because everyone loves Jennifer Lawrence
now and I don't think she's a good
actress either and I don't like anybody
or anything any time yep
everything's fine
she's a good actress but I never believe
that she is the character she's playing
well then she's not a good actress you
have like like you you don't need to
disappear as a character I've always
contended that Tom Hanks is a really
good actor because even though like you
see a movie with Tom Hanks and like
that's Tom Hanks right I'm gonna I'm
gonna finish about it well it looks like
Tom Hanks is a really good actor but he
also chooses these very specific Tom
Hanks these roles where he just is just
the everyman but I always believe that
he is the character he says he is Jack
Nicholson is always Jack Nicholson
mm-hmm
would you say he's a bad actor no no but
because I believe that he is the
character he plays even though he's such
a megastar that you all you can see you
know like you know in the front of your
head that is Jack Nicholson but in the
back of your head he does a really good
job of embodying that character Hanks
was not the wrong guy for Saving Private
Ryan nuke snooger on
what let's just throw race kappa oh yeah
they can throw across the fucking map
Tom Hanks is great and pretty much
everything like the the the issue is you
know Tom Hanks does choose a lot of very
similar roles he a lot of times he'll
just play guy you know like normal guy
man stick but he plays normal guy man
very willy
you always believe he is normal diamond
I'll try to shoot these demons right now
because I keep but yeah I'm so I'm
looking forward to watching apocalypse
and hating it and I'm looking forward to
everyone agreeing with me that it's a
bad movie I'm like Days of Future past
where no one seemed to agree I just want
people to agree with that's all that's
all
so you saw what this one thing let's
just all be together for this one thing
we can all come together and say
apocalypse sucks and then everything
will be great and then you get we will
go back to disagreeing about stuff later
we should take a moment to talk about
how great doom is I got me a new portal
okay I'll tell you what I'm gonna open
up some hell gates
I got a fifth of bourbon and a hell gate
opener we'll see what chef finished
first
old lady love it love it
get that granny
get that granny you know for once in my
life everything is wonderful
hahahaha everything is just wonderful
good time it's just a good time alright
let's see here uh haps rich you're doing
fantastic kicking some serious demon ass
thank you
do I see multiple streams in the near
future
Oh see we'll see we probably should do
finish right yeah that'll probably be
our next I mean I don't know you know we
might I like the idea of like
user-submitted levels if you guys were
playing doom and making levels if
there's a way we can get them that's
aggregor we can do that maybe Wednesday
and then you know look dead and then
move on to Phoenix oh and Star Trek
beyond will be shit as a Trekkie I am
insulted by the trailer major block
maybe that could be you can edit a train
to look like anything maybe somebody
wants maybe somebody wants to look like
an action movie a dumb action movie but
it's not maybe they're tricking that
whole universe I'm done of them take a
look at these snap map yeah getting rich
but no sorry jack and rich what do you
think there are two of us well the one
is for you or not but I skipped welcome
Carlos Checa rich what do
think would x-men movie by Marvel Disney
look like even though it would probably
never happen he I don't I'm not the
biggest x-men fan in the world I I'm a
pretty decent x-man family yep
here is something that they haven't
figured out yet in the movies and it's
one of those reasons x-men is a perfect
example of a property that is not made
for movies because the x-men isn't about
an individual character in in the first
two x-men movies it was the Wolverine
show right and that kind of worked
because Wolverine had an interesting
like backstory but now that backstory is
all done and then in the first Academy
Days of Future past it's been the
Charles Xavier show but he's not that
interesting every character he's a
weirdo guy like you know he's supposed
to be the obi-wan Kenobi he's supposed
to be like it's not about a single
character it's about an ensemble cast
right and you get all these little guys
right and they have all their little
stories and you know one issue it's this
guy story one issues this guy story
maybe one issue it's split between a
couple guys stories you have all these
different characters that have to come
together and work as a team and it
doesn't necessarily work as a movie so
if Marvel Disney had it maybe they would
realize it wouldn't work it as a movie
and maybe they'd make it a Netflix thing
a TV thing well if I couldn't do a TV
thing or they would hand it off to a
director Deadpool I understand is a
pretty good movie could handle director
Deadpool is a very good yeah you said we
should be movies Deadpool is about one
person oh okay x-men is a ensemble but
as far as like the x-men universe then
oh no not the universe I meant why the
I'm trying to the X medicine group
specifically not like the entire mutants
oh no I like the whole mutant property
thing that should be amusing what you
need to do is either give it a show so
you can spend episode
working on individual characters that
all come together or you need to give it
to a director who can handle an ensemble
cast making an ensemble movie right
something like smokin aces do you see
smoking is really fun action with the
goofy action movie no main character to
the movie just little bits of characters
all working around a common goal really
fun stuff like a like an Ocean's eleven
kind of situation where you know there
was a couple main characters but at an
ensemble no one is the true main
character of Royal Tenenbaums not the
best example but it's awesome anyway you
need a director who can handle not
having a main character and Bryan Singer
also can't fucking direct action and I
hate him here's here's my one question
there's my one thought as far as x-men
movies go and Marvel and Disney
yeah I would keep them separate as
universes I wouldn't I wouldn't bring
the mutants into the MCU yeah they
weren't pretty well as their own things
like the whole mutant territory comes
these certain tropes like discrimination
and laws it trying to be passed against
them
yeah okay they just feel so divorced
from what's going on with the rest of
the Marvel heroes this is so many mutant
characters I mean there are they are
basically their own universe mmm I think
just all the mutant characters loans
probably bigger than the rest of the
Marvel Universe combined am I wrong
it kind of is that's not a bad idea yeah
having their own like x-men mutant
universe and you know it doesn't even
need to be his own universe it could
just like they could just never mention
each other cuz it automatically some
very different things are going on
heroes and saving the day and getting
together to fight off the big threat
versus they persecute us but we fight
anyway I'm just so different yeah that's
not a bad idea
yep it's not a bad idea
yeah Brian singer did make Superman
Returns that's right Superman Returns
well-known for its action scenes
oh oh it's restarting Stan okay rich but
talk about your Jason X experience a few
days ago movie dicks
water off that wasn't really a movie
dicks 9:00 Friday the 13th
I joined in and they watched Jason X
that's that's Jason in space right no
idea how good that was
I had no idea what did what wonderful
schlock yeah well you're not a horror
guy huh I haven't enjoyed watching a
movie that much in a while oh good I'll
say this I liked it more than Marvel
Civil War I liked it more for all of the
wrong reasons but I still enjoyed that
viewing experience more oh good okay
that's funny
LexA Doig is a much better replacement
for a me Livia Mun I am oh also are you
excited to see Josh Brolin as Thanos in
infinity war Josh Brolin you were like
fan os-- I like Thanos I don't know much
about Josh Brolin because I'm an idiot
with names what else is he done well
what I know what I know him from which
what would rich Evans know jack that's a
good question
yeah so I have no opinion then okay
I don't and I don't care Josh Brolin is
like is a good actor and but I don't
care about fan OHS I don't give two
fucks about vanos so we're he's a great
villain we're in exact opposite boats
here he's a great villain that was my
character I I would say No Country for
Old Men but I don't think riches see men
yeah I haven't seen yeah so I was like
you you can't just think of Josh Brolin
movies you have to think of Josh Brolin
movies that rich has seen what do you do
with this how do you where you go to
make my snap man okay great man oh my
god this windows this interface is as
ugly as wind ten Oh burn sick burn hello
uh have you guys seen the rogue cut of
Days of Future past it does solve some
of the problems with the original cut of
the film gives more screen time to
Stewart McLellan and rogues role in the
film what I'm assuming basic is
single-player I don't I don't know I am
rich is dead right about a separate
x-men universe of course he is that's a
very smart huh rich says very smart
things and is correct about most things
Hollywood listen up however the x-men
universe has an ensemble problem of
multiple different generations and
they're all perpetually in their 20s
well if you do a movie universe they
don't all have to be in their 20s right
you can just make some characters older
or younger or whatever exact change
origins around yeah comic comic books
have an age problem of course but we're
rebooting we're retooling that shit I
have no idea what what's going on here
I'm just clicking on things right now
what oh my god would how do I move this
what do i what what am i what
I don't know what's going on help help
me baby Jesus what is this oh my god the
thing that is the thing I did a thing
okay you need to put it on another door
the doctor voice you know that's a door
that's the doors but can I make a door I
want abidor there I can't do that I
can't make a door I can't make the door
can make a door there reach oh my god
what's this plus symbol it's a plus
symbol that looks looking at rooms now
where you want a room you want to curvy
room I'm sure you can flip it if you
want to oh my god maybe if you grab one
on the door oh my god the keys do things
Oh Oh do things check if you use that
movie if you grab one of the doors you
can drag it like oh snap do it now you
got a door rich oh good you we made a
room
I'm so proud of you you rich you're a
video game designer death now I want to
flip this thing I bet there's a key for
just oh my god I found that you found
the keys for it rich oh yeah I'm so P so
smart and handsome you make you make you
make me so proud you know to be the e it
seems very limited yeah
I can't like where's the out to kind of
do outdoors oh my whatever I want like
what do you want I'm sure there's other
things yeah what an area outside of here
can I do that why does John I turn into
you Edith bunker because it's a funny
voice and it's a voice that I can do
well well look there's little see the
little dots up there you're only on that
one oh my god and there's all the doctor
oh yeah Hollywood dead end cross there's
all sorts of shit
need some stairs t-junctions
how about a tall look at that t-junction
that's a great boom he's there now yeah
alright it's fine he's fine okay great
now now okay now you have to go in there
and you can walk around and how do we
how do we do that play let's see let's
see what that does
let's see how fast it works Oh
starting match I think this is from
multiplayer oh it's disregard my binds
it doesn't save your key bindings that's
funny
well just look around you don't actually
play you don't have any enemies in here
I can put a thing there probably okay he
caps says with the introduction of the
sokovia accords in the MU and the
freedom of the heroes rights to choose
at stake it would be very interesting
time to have mutant rights brought into
the discussion or redundant also a
little bit of both but like I'm trying
to whose it so
who's all in the the the Marvel
Cinematic Universe you know because like
no was anyone born with their powers is
the question Scarlet Witch
no no they guy they were experimented on
that's true that's true you know because
then it turns into one of those like
Thor this doesn't even apply he's not in
the movie right he's he's off with uh
he's off with the with Waldo and no
spoilers
he doesn't apply because he's not an
earthling you do the monsters that how
or is this all just multiplayer maps I
have no idea
publisher no I want to monsters what
happens if you click on demons no it's
just rooms wait oh when you hit add it
goes to add room yeah click on the room
ok there we go now object mode tab tab
whoa okay oh my god
settle the fuck down there we go
yes Damon's vision was born months
earlier you're right
oh so like I and I think that's that
like here's the actual demon I want to
put any demon down what are those AI
conductor Oh click on the little things
up there you have all sorts of different
no no the tabs like with the rooms yeah
look at we got demons
we got a Cyberman caboose look at that
cat oh look how is belly Wiggles when
you move them look at that lizard of
jiggle let's potentially need look at
him jiggle so the thought of introducing
someone into the Marvel Cinematic
Universe who doesn't have a choice on
whether or not to have powers is an
interesting concept but I think that
would only add to it before Civil War
like knowing that that was at stake like
in the comic books knowing that these
people who have these powers you know
without choosing to have these powers
right stay kind of kind of upped the
ante is that guess what I'm saying so
yes I'll tee it personally the Patrick
Stewart Ian McKellen not getting any
younger I would love to see next film
introduce onslaught a major villain that
brought some powerful consequences to
Marvel Universe I don't remember
onslaught onslaught you ever heroes
reborn when image they gave image
control over Captain America the
Avengers and a couple other books the
Hulk
I'm talking about no remember for like a
year they're like a contract with Jim
Lee and Rob Liefeld yeah and Rob Liefeld
like infamously did a really shitty job
on Captain America Rob Liefeld if Miss
Lee does a really shitty job and
everything and somebody else had to
finish his you hear your long run cuz he
was that bad oh I don't remember this
after they fought the Marvel Universe
font onslaught who was like this some
kind of I don't know the details the
psychic merger of Professor Xavier and
Magneto
no he was like super bad guy okay and
when they fought him like some of the
heroes got stuck in a pocket universe
which is when images took control those
characters too funny
that's great which I guess if you're
gonna move the x-men into the Marvel
Universe cinematically every a clever
way to merge the two universes a psychic
pot does some kind of psychic thing pops
them into the MCU I wonder how they're
gonna do that with the Supergirl they
just they did officially announced that
Supergirl is moving to the CW okay which
it's not a huge deal because it's you
know it's a bad show but you know the CW
has their Warner Brothers or has their
decent numbers that's your hit damage
yeah I know I don't want to see it my
controls were all good cider know what I
don't know what buttons do anything
right now
oh you know they have their shows
connected and I'm sure they're gonna
want to connect Supergirl but she's in a
different universe then flash and arrow
so I wonder what they're gonna do with
that Supergirl is she yeah
well flash only was able to hang out
with Supergirl because he was running so
fast that he ripped through dimensions
so they gotta find a way to merge those
universes Supergirl does suck-ass the
show is terrible when you liked what
that one you actually liked Supergirl no
no super realest and I like I caught up
with it I won because uh because the
flash was gonna be on the show I like
the flash and I I begrudgingly like
arrow because it's so sleazy
turns out Jack I highly recommend the
rogue cut of Days of Future past not
perfect but much better film also what
director would you like to see direct
Marvel you know I think they're doing a
fine job I want to see Edgar Wright
director Marvel film ant-man was lacking
ant-man needed Edgar Wright handsome
then I recently watched ant-man in
preparation for Civil War I just want is
it's just missing something you know you
really don't need to see it in February
for Civil War I'm sure it was out it was
something that I could watch while at
home because I don't get to leave the
house very often and says like oh I'll
watch ant-man that'll be fun you know
maybe I'd be some of the first time cuz
I came back after it's like oh it's good
but kind of not great so wouldn't Winter
Soldier and age of Ultron yeah and I did
rewatch those two as well yeah so I
wanted to write Edgar Wright's a great a
great director and and ant-man was
lacking do you think Jon Favreau doesn't
get enough credit on establishing the
tone and style of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe since each movie tries to
replicate the energy and fun of the
original Iron Man I think Robert Downey
jr. gets a lot of that credit yeah as he
should get a lot of that credit but John
I I don't mind what percentage of that
movie is Kevin Faiza well and that's the
thing where it's like it was a mixture
right like the producer gave them the
goods the director directed well the
actor acted well like I think he gets
all he got what did he get he got the
fucking jungle book after that like he
got the next Iron Man and then he got he
got to do a couple indie movies that he
felt like doing and now he got a huge
another huge movie fuck no he's fine Jon
Favreau's the the fucking the fat guy
from swingers is doing all right
something we will never see Iron Man for
I don't know I don't know how much
longer can they make it happen with with
Robert Downey right Amy and three was
terrible horrible no hey chat I are a
chat don't you start
I don't want to end this stream me
defending Iron Man 3 yet again talk
about how awful I am in 3 is Jack is
reading the chat I don't know well I
don't know how much you love the
Mandarin and how everything that movie
is horseshit right be sure to mention
how Herrmann wasn't that Massoud enough
but I don't get it
he threw away his suit at the end how is
it going to be Iron Man in the next
movie which I don't get him means he was
never gonna build another suit can we
talk instead about how iron went man one
was disappointing yeah yeah Iron Man one
the thing that proved that the Marvel
Cinematic Universe could make billions
of dollars that was totally
disappointing
exclamation point subs
exclamation point subs boom and then I
get a little thing yep I do
that's great oh I'm getting link
I've been URL open you are out split
this 13 months in a row
oz my 16 months in a row you monster
13 once in a row Chris Steve Friedman
Mario Mario 42 23 fucking months in a
room baba yaga la save row 19 months in
a row
sharks pier 19 months in a row harm and
Z we're at Laeken octo J 22 fucking
months in a row
mr. shy smile 19 months in a row kilo 40
16 months in a row F in Amman that's my
new favorite cinnamon cinnamon I said
yeah you do if I feel like some of
feminine toast quench that's what that's
a Bruce Jenner ate too much of a
feminine toast crunch did you say too
much mister glitch 18 months in a row
yonder yonder just this guy you know
seven
he months in a row light beats 20
fucking months in a row
I know beefcake I'm sorry I won't I
won't do the effeminate thing anymore
it's just I forget about it all the time
then I hear it and it makes me giggle
and I'm sorry tell a gone 21 fucking
Mons in a row
see daddy Chuck wily h2o 20 fucking
months in a row Greg hook fifteen months
in a row
urban vermin sarrish n+ dusts chats plus
disasters Jets plus des gents sure
cranky pink one acts 12 months in a row
doom violence vodka give me twenty two
fucking months in a row
my name is tape space chemo 20 fucking
months in a row lost in Technicolor 22
fucking months in a row
vengeful turducken 20 fucking months in
a row gee shots 20 fuckin months in a
row kula puffs 17 months in a row oh my
god
schists there it is this khuskhus 24
months in a row that is 2 years there's
another layer away for one their success
yeah I was Maria Mary Ford she was 23 23
months yeah we've been doing this for a
long time been doing this for at least
two years I'm super old man baby Slayer
1 5 6 20 fucking months in a row
evil crash 9 civilizations Banga Doug 20
fucking months in a row no one has more
than 24 says 6mc lucas 23 fucking months
in a row four stars out of 50 not a bad
name i subbed like the first day you got
it says success this suite been with us
basically paid for doom basically bless
our drugs 19 months in a row out mode
outmoded user to bori HK 16 months for
what 16 16 months in a row and carlos la
2 1-3
thank you almost all so handsome Rob and
magical Flying Tiger they subscribe
before before we did this after after we
did the thing ok ok thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do thanks to thank
you all for coming out and get doom
dooms fun
doom is fun improved that's the that's
the quick review before we have our
official discussion which we should be
having speak was a lot of fun
good that was fun our discussion that's
the whole episode that was so fun gee
you shot the deer as it was great fun
and there was no story though 2 out of
10
see - see - - - - have a nice night
everybody bye
