Feb 28, 2016
XCOM 2: War of the Chosen Live Discussion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3hQ6UzmRUk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/704380024812662785
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/704380024812662785

talk at least we're streaming before
SpaceX could manage to get a rocket
lunch your topical extremely topical
extremely topical to the minute zing
okay so quick test first do can you hear
us
can you hear us savage I think they
there yep and now Jack yep hello fucking
erect wait 30 seconds burn soaker okay
so they can be heard you're incredibly
topical singer we hear things great
welcome we are trying something new
today
mostly because Jack has been very sick
lately so I haven't been able to play
XCOM 2 and or edit the episode so in
lieu of making an episode and editing it
and getting that out in a week or so we
are going to just have our XCOM 2
discussion right here live well it's
still mildly topical it's quasi
topically it's only a month late instead
of a month and a half late yeah yeah we
played XCOM 2 yep the sequel you like
this background buzzes I made this I
made this background today I put some
XCOM 2 footage and a video nice nice so
they can watch the game and behind us
anyway thanks um - this is weird we're
streaming but we're trying through an
episode in the tour it's weird it is
weird
hey Jack can we do our thing yeah we're
gonna just start hey Jack
pirates how you doing I'm Faye I'm
feeling I'm feeling like like I want to
play some chess but also shoot some
aliens what can I do ray sure why you
have you tried XCOM to watch this
weren't absolutely redo that we would we
would I did find something better but we
can't again cuz we do live we're doing
it all I've ex come to know is is the
the new strategy game from
I was gonna say around Firaxis it's not
fire racks it's not fire axes it's fear
axis 4 X 4 X's I was right the first
time for a change but apparently
everyone calls them fire axes there is a
there is a reference in the game to a
fire axis which which threw me off
because I've been doing it wrong this 4
X is wrong it is the latest iteration of
the XCOM series the the sequel to the
reboot XCOM enemy unknown and yeah you
you it's turn-based turn-based tactical
shooting game where you you you you fire
at aliens filthy aliens who have taken
over earth and you have to shoot them
all dead you have to shoot them all dead
and normally if we're also filming an
episode would say hold for play that's
true
but where you have to keep going you
have to keep going there's that you guys
never stopping no stopping okay so like
the the crux of the game is you get you
get yourself a chessboard and you can
see this behind us you get yourself a
check a chessboard and you need to
position your soldiers in a certain way
to make sure they're in cover but also
get the advantage on aliens and shoot
them yes yes and you attack by by virtue
of like as a percentage to hit like your
soldiers have so much aim and and the
the aliens are like behind cover and the
cover provides so much protection from
your aim and and does the math it's like
rolling a die do you hit the alien or
not right it's like it's like chess
mates Dungeons and Dragons really but
it's literally like rolling a die you
get all of the numbers the percentages
yes it might as well show it like even
when you hack it shows you like the
random number generator it's very
problematic if you're dumb aliens
yeah how come I kid just aim yeah you
can't just and can't you same something
we talked about earlier is in this game
in X come you are the commander
commander you are the commander but in
most games you are the soldier yeah yeah
in most games you have a big dumb gun
and you shoot at the aliens but not in
this game you were the commander and
every time you say commander you have to
say it like that
which is great if you're into tactics
and if you're into the strategy of
positioning your troops but if you are
someone that wants to get in there and
shoot aliens with your with your own
trigger finger it's it's a little you're
a little removed from the action yeah I
said well it's like it's like playing
with action figures only there are rules
to make things interesting and the bad
guys can win Cobra can now shoot at and
murder your GI Joes is essentially what
XCOM is yeah it is it's it's a lot like
playing with action figures but you have
to walk away every two minutes
you can put your action figures all down
and then you have to step back while
your friend moves their action figures
oh and you can step in and you can move
your action figures yeah yeah I wouldn't
you rather just like fight no like that
I got a thousand hours in the first XCOM
do you think I'd rather just go back
yeah I I would this is a lousy real time
strategy game though your units are just
meaningless random pieces it's not a
lousy real time strategy game and it's
not an action game it's it's a
turn-based strategy game and this is not
a genre that I've ever been terribly
into okay and I played a lot of X come
to I think I'm 50-plus hours into X come
to and I'm just not that into it and I
think a lot of that has to do with your
removal from the action you don't you
know you had you you make all these
soldiers and your soldiers are important
but you know they're a dice roll away
from dying and there's not a lot you can
do about it I think I think XCOM does
too good a job at showing how the
sausage is made
explain you know you your soldier is on
the battlefield yes there's a shot of an
alien yeah you have a little percentage
yes and I don't want to know the
percentage I want I want to pull I want
to pull the trigger it's a great face
you are pulling the trigger no just you
might miss you are telling the soldier
to pull the trigger and the soldier has
random sugar generated chance oh yes
making that shot yes and this is why
personally I'm not in to the genre
because I want I want to be the soldier
I love you if you were the soldier do
you think you would hit every single
shot no you ever make course not okay
what's the problem because I want to
miss the shot not tell a soldier and
then the random number generator this is
my problem
oh you you you like you like you like
action games I do I do like action games
I like I like thinking like I like
thinking and we like to thank you I like
using my brain it's come is is you can
make an argument that X comes for
educational oh go ahead make sure gun
XCOM teaches you not to gamble
XCOM XCOM that helps you to learn
statistics real quick sure that's true
when you play XCOM you you quickly learn
that a a 76 % chance to hit is also a 24
percent chance to miss like I had a
something happened like week ago week or
two ago now where I missed a 99 percent
shot Wow
I know you say ouch right but I'm an
experienced at come X come vet at this
point and I thought back on all of the
various 99 percent shots I've made and
what thousand hours next comm I've made
a fair
I'm out of 99% shots I realized you know
I've probably made more than a hundred
of those I'm not doing bad I was due for
that one percent you know and like I had
a sniper my favorite sniper gangster
yeah was hurt it was the randomly
generated nickname which you can change
which you can change of course gangster
for some reason was known like she would
just make every single shot 30% make it
20% maybe 15% make it and it just got to
the point where I called a gambler get
it like it got to the point where you
know like Oh 80% shot oh she's
definitely gonna make it I'm gonna make
it I'm pretty sure she died on the
battlefield so tactics strategy mm-hmm
where you want to go this way or exactly
where do we want to go well your
soldiers yes what sets XCOM apart miles
apart from your realtime strategy games
it's like in realtime strategy you just
pump units out and they're completely
faceless meaningless units you go I got
you got 800 Space Marine 45 tanks and
they all go into battle and they die
constantly you highlight all of them not
going back oh hey I come in there like
like 90% of them died yeah and you don't
care if you won you don't care XCOM is
great at getting you attached to your
squad there's yeah the most you ever get
to control is really six hmm maybe seven
technically but six now and that's just
a small enough number where you can get
you get to know them they're your peeps
they're your peeps like there's a insane
amount of customization in this game
like you said the gangster was your
one's name randomly-generated
you can make your own nicknames like
could have renamed her nickname to begin
blur of course and it would have been
fine and you could have gone into the
customers that you gonna give it or like
the face paint camouflage face paint and
a bandana and make her your own
character maybe maybe she's got a really
aggressive personality so you like what
this one has that the other one didn't
is it actually has like personality
types yeah but you can put like I forget
what they call intense that's like the
aggressive one and when they kill my god
you see that and it gives them like an
aggressive lines and you can even you
can even personalize their bio you can
make a backstory for your soldiers I
know she grew up on the mean streets of
Harlem and what you will never get in a
real time strategy game is one of those
people dies it hits it just hits you
right here you feel that oh no it's true
Maryann I had I had a strategy when I
started playing the game you know
because we had just come off of some
role-playing games and so I was like I'm
gonna make my own world and that what I
decided was I was when when someone
joined my XCOM group mmm they had to
shave their head and wear skull face
paint okay
so that you know because we were kind of
like an actual military kind of like an
actual no there I was going for the the
war girls yeah they were all girls and
much like Mad Max fury road they all had
shaved heads and white white golf face
paint because I was like oh yeah yeah
we're gonna militaristic we're an army
of one but then I ran into a problem of
not being able to identify my cool
sniper who kept making all those amazing
shots oh and this mission is difficult a
lot of enemies on this mission I want
that sniper that makes all of those low
percentage oh no is that spooky bacon or
spooky ham I gave them all it's funny
yes I give them all food names too and
so I forgot which one was which and I
was like oh my god so I had to
completely change my strategy and give
them all unique hairstyles and and cut
different colored armor and to make sure
that I knew which one I liked does he do
you get favorites yeah you get favorites
when you can't you know the they do a
really
job of like balancing that out because
you constantly need fresh blood in XCOM
because at any point the your soldier
can die if you're developing just one
team you're just focusing on just the
six yeah if somebody does you've got
problems if because then you're kind of
crippled yeah I gotta bring a rookie and
then rookies are horrible so in every
mission you kind of have to have like
four maybe five people you trust then a
rookie you want at least one trainee yes
you got because you want you want a
decent amount of level guys just to keep
everybody alive but you also need fresh
blood so there's someone to replace them
it turns into a wonderful war machine
you know like constantly making sure all
of your soldiers are trained and like I
guess we should say III go under the
assumption that everybody knows this
game and of course you're letting
everybody knows exit they probably don't
but uh your guys level up they advanced
and rank and and with rank comes things
like like better aim very important and
different classes like the first thing
when you're everyone just starts as
rookie yeah they're nothing they got no
unique esteem nothing and then you know
you get you get one mission you get a
kill and you get a promotion
you're a squatty and and and you be in
one of four classes there is the the
Ranger class which is the the shotgun
class they also have a sword there the
higher there the high-risk high-reward
class okay they they like to get in
close and do large amounts of damage but
by getting close they can also leave
themselves like vulnerable close to the
enemy flanked and it also alert new
units that you didn't see before but
they can do a shitload of damage with
her shotgun only then you get like this
sniper class they say behind and she and
then there's the do grenade class that
has big heavy artillery that blows
things up the hacker the specialist
class those utility kind of things and
has a little drone buddy that can that
can do damage
he'll people or hack from distance and
each class has like divergent skill tree
you can go one path or the other and you
can mix and match but as you rank up you
get different powers like like the
sniper for instance you can get either
like like long-range focused powers like
the oh god I'm trying to plank of what
it's called the overwatch one that's
like a kill zone longs where the kill
zone is one of the later ones like this
where you go on on overwatch and instead
of shooting oh and I was thinking of a
long walk okay this is slightly
different
okay good kill zone we're this is like
this cone in front of em and it's
supposed to shooting at one alien that
moves it can shoot at anything that
wanders into that cone right and that's
like a powerful long-range ability or
you can go to the other side of the tree
and this like like gun focus things yeah
shoot at eight things with your pistol
which is pretty nice if you have if you
get like the leveled up pistol and
there's a bunch of lower level enemies
it could be really nice yeah you can you
can mix and match the skills to make a
the soldier you want and you can you can
get to like you get two snipers put one
on one side one on the other side and
have them both on you yeah yeah it's
it's neat it's it's it's a little boring
but it helps it helps to give them their
own flavor their own individuality yes
that character well they got this power
and that power of that power and then
the other snipers got different skills
absolutely
the end also helps add to the
replayability yeah where oh the this
time I just want an entire team of
specialists fuck it let's see what
happens obviously you wouldn't really
want that but you know you could play
with nothing but grenadiers where's
here's here's one of the differences now
between between XCOM 2 and then the the
first one for the record when I say
first one I'm never gonna be rough from
saying the 1993 classic I'm gonna be
referencing the 2012
XCOM enemy Unknown right justjust forget
vegans yes the classes seem more
balanced to me okay I used to think that
the support was useless they had like
the smoke grenade that you almost never
really needed to use so for a couple
times like ever
and then like you had like classes like
sniper who were just ridiculously
powerful that's a bit more balanced now
okay I longer think these the scout the
specialist is is useless they have more
functionality than they used to
I think the sniper is kind of a nerfed
to nerves tuner
they don't they can't hit shit the
snipers can your sniper can no longer
hit Jay maybe you guys should snipers I
do have chef snipers I think I think a
high ranked sniper should should more I
have more frequently have have
percentages to hit better than like 73
it's a little bit higher and it doesn't
seem like big relatively speaking do
that much damage but on the whole the
classes feel more balanced okay because
I actually use specialists I I you know
coming from coming from a game that I
play a played a bunch like Team Fortress
2 I love the specialist class I loved
having my little robot friend go and do
damage there try to take control of
enemy robots one of my favorite classes
you get a little robot friend well
that's another new thing hacking yeah
you can you can you can hack enemy
robots and make them yours only for a
couple turns and there's some there so
there's a lot of fun stuff in there as
far as class upgrades branching skill
trees class no soldiers besides I would
say that of course it's a whole I like
this I soldiers too yeah but I felt like
I had gotten by the time I had to unlock
the Sai soldiers in and so every other
class you rank through battle mm-hmm the
Sai soldiers you have to build a special
room in your base and then they have to
sit in a special room for a week and
that's how you rank up your size solders
by that point the game I had gotten so
used to you know kills upgrading it felt
a little it felt a little like like
hitting the brakes
I wanted to upgrade my size holders
through battle for combat but you they
have to they have to go to school
basically make sense that make sense it
felt like it felt like I was in a high
gear and I had to like jam it down
back into third a little stunted I like
them but a little stunted I make some
bitch it makes them too easy to love
love that's a you just keep them in
school do you think they're done until
you think until the egg timer knows I'm
valuable to bring out early you want
them to mature a bit they got at least
three good powers for you bring one on
you team oh yeah yeah but by the way
like you get three good powers on one
then you can put the other one like
another sized soldier in school for like
a month and they'll come out with eight
powers it's all fun like it's it's all
fun and I can I can understand someone
really loving this game ton of
replayability a ton of customization for
someone like me who likes a little more
action a lot of it was it was tedious
the base management is a base management
the the the the map so for a turn-based
game yeah I I think
XCOM is phenomenally paced phenomenally
the battles go just lightning quick you
get those either move twice or move once
and do a shot and they just do great yes
you can it's a game where you can take
your turn and take your particular scale
where you can take your time and just
just really think about what you can do
next like oh no I activated a bunch of
aliens and I gotta I gotta think my way
through the situation I can't be all
willy-nilly well if I can use this guy -
grenade him they'll be exposed for this
kind of show or I get instead of using
them to blow up the grade I can use the
poison grenade to poison their aim will
be bad you can think about it absolutely
you can you can look in on every one of
your soldiers on the battlefield look at
their percentage look at where they can
move and you can execute quick x elute
lee can make your plan it's great just
fine it's fucking it's like crap I just
find it that's like the fucking crap
boring I just I'm not
I'm just not into it it's it's because
you know strategy-wise it's all
basically the same thing which is you
know try that you try to flank them
without getting playing through self and
you know you move in a team they they
did do a couple things to up the pace
that I really liked mmm the timer mm-hmm
I know a lot of people don't like the
timer I really liked the timer because
that put the pressure on the go-to
strategy and the the first one was to
take your time and never never - almost
all those never - and going to overwatch
and you know hopefully they'll come to
you and you'll get the first shot but
take your time and proceed slowly don't
go up too far you don't want the aliens
to be revealed before you're ready for
this
oh here's good I can only move two
squares but that's a full shield so we
want that full shield now someone else
move but now go to overwatch overwatch
they just hook her down they designed
this system where you could like like -
two places yeah and nobody ever used
this so what so with this one there is
no on most missions not all there's
plenty that don't have a timer a lot of
missions though that do and you've got
like six turns to make it to the
objective which is another thing that's
kind of new objectives they're not today
not did not have an objective every
pretty pretty much every mission in the
last one was kill all the aliens here's
here's the area you just kill all them
aliens and you're good kill all the
aliens yeah yeah no you got you gotta
hack that thing before the timer goes
down and you don't you fail this your
back or you have to get everybody out in
12 turns or they'll be captured yeah so
there's there's a hurry-up factor yes
which is very nice like that's the one
thing that makes this game a little more
action focused is it forces you as a
player to take a risk I only have four
more turns and they're gonna blow up
this thing that I need to protect I got
a - I don't care if I run into it I
really need to prevent that
event from happening yes yes and so that
I feel like is a step in the in in a
more action-oriented direction which I
enjoy now at first at first at first I
hated the timer yeah I hated the timer
right I thought it made something
stressful and I you know you lose some
guys again can't forget you get it make
it out timer I people kept telling me
this mod that will that will nerf the
timer I'll add time to it it will pause
it I'll get rid of it entirely yeah yeah
but I I you know I want to do I want to
play the game the way the devs intended
they they design it this way let me let
me see what happens so after about like
a day I thought I kind of liked it yeah
I like that I'm kind of in hindsight
amazed at how well they balanced it
because I I consistently make the
objectives and like the nick of time one
turn left I and I have after getting
used to it I almost never fail because
of the timer right and so anyone who
complains about the timer might be a big
old pussy
maybe maybe III I don't know how the
fuck they did it but I mean it's like
consistently I'm making it right at the
wire almost every time no it's it's I I
think in in a game that is like this
that is turn-based where you can take
all the time you want to plan out every
movement like creating tension is an
incredibly difficult thing but with you
know permadeath of your soldiers and the
timer they have made turn-based strategy
tense and I think that's they should be
applauded for that they also have Iron
Man I remember yes I just talked with us
cuz I only I'm one of those things I
usually don't think about just my
default XCOM settings yeah Ironman mode
and anybody who doesn't play might not
know this there's a thing called save
scumming Jack would you like to explain
what save scumming is rich I am the same
Scott I know you are I am nothing but
the saves gun so this is a throwback to
older
do games before auto-saves and check
before checkpoints really it's the fact
when you still had control over the
games you bought so the same filming has
been replaced by checkpoints and which
at any point during a game you could
manually save and say Oh manually save
after this great big battle I want or
what I do in XCOM is I save at the
beginning of every mission my soldiers
get down on the field save because then
if I lose too many soldiers I should go
on and you know get new recruits and and
and keep playing the game with dead
soldiers but instead of that I just load
the save and it's like none of that ever
happened and you can do things
differently and you know where the
aliens are I'll know where all the
aliens are because it won't randomly
generate a new field and it's a lot
easier and the reason it's called save
scumming is because when you do it
you're a scumbag because I feel like a
scumbag every time I save scumming but I
you know I'm still rookie I'm new it you
know you know Jack it's a single-player
game yeah and you can play it however
that makes you have you can play in the
way to make you happy and that's fine me
yeah I like to have Ironman mode on
which they don't let you reload saves
the game has one save file
it's Auto saving constantly so if if
your beloved soldier Colonel Sanders
yeah guys you can't reload the save
before he died to save he is dead and
he's always going to be dead and he's
dead because you probably fucked
something up commander and you have to
live with that and you have to go on you
have to try to win the war without
Colonel Sanders
you can't win without the colonel you
know that to be true and that is Iron
Man knows that and I that's probably the
way you should play it I am as a noob as
a rookie I was just trying to learn Oh
God so a little saves come here there
I used it a lot my very first time
through the original ex-con that's what
I did
and you know what I found out I was
using it a lot early on just because
just cuz I was learning about the game
yeah
oh my god there's destructible walls I
didn't know there were destructible
walls I could blow up a wall to get to
an alien dad to break their cover Oh
saves come next I know I know that right
I found as the game went on even if I
lost a soldier I would keep going I had
learned to to not to not save scum so
much except for on the final mission
which is what I'm on now in which I've
lost twice I'll talk about the final
mission will be tired of a difficulty
but sure but the other new thing the
other big big change to gameplay
concealment concealment yes a lot of
games you start off in concealment
Wow a lot of games you start off in
concealment yeah which is kind of like
stealth nobody nobody can see you when
you first start off mmm a mission
usually and you can set up ambushes that
way like the aliens don't see you so you
get the cover kind of kind of near them
and around them and you you set off for
an ambush like you put that sniper that
had that that cone of that kill zone
skill and you you focus that on the
aliens who can't see you and then and
then you you put other people at
overwatch and then you have somebody
throw a grenade at the aliens and the
aliens jump and they run around and your
soldiers take their overwatch shots and
you get a basically you get like an
ambush on them it's really satisfying
it's really satisfying but just once per
mission it it doesn't feel like it's
that big a deal in the grand scheme of
things it's like a big feature but one
it's just one per mission except for
your Rangers can go into it again you
what is gonna need you can have a ranger
skill that keeps them in concealment and
you gotta use them as a spout which is
nice or put them back into concealment
after it's been if they have that power
but also the ambushes come into play
when enemies call and reinforce
which i think is very neat yes but that
doesn't have much to do with
concealments oh no I'm just saying the
Amboy that's just a good old-fashioned
overwatch which is old hat to me
ambushing is incredibly satisfying
getting getting a chance to get all of
your pieces in place before an alien
lands and just murdering them all this
is my mother gun I one of the things I
have looping in the background is a
perfect ambush I had I had one one
mission British and everything one but
perfect every time I everybody died via
overwatch shot the the Mouton was one of
the aliens big fat monster alien and I
answer they both they both walked into
my my shotguns they walk like old are
people here and then we just murdered
them and then aliens in the house they
came out to see what was going I'm sure
they just happened to wander ah they
didn't just come to see what was going
on but it felt that way that was the
story and then they got murdered by
other people who are out overwatch no
she's kind of great I killed like five
aliens when one go
I'll and another chain and another
change in the first one they they kind
of made overwatch more useful hmm back
in the the first one overwatch everybody
would just take a shot at once at the
first alien they saw so everyone's just
like you got five people shooting at one
alien who dies after the first shot it's
a complete fucking waste yes here
everybody takes a turn with their
overwatch shot so they're not just
shooting at the one alien they should
have the one until he's dead then
everyone else shoot someone else that's
that's helpful much nicer can we talk
for a moment about something that I did
not like about the game but the alien
design okay I found it to be rather
boring I would agree with you the the
main alien that you fight is basically I
want to set like Jay kind of nailed it
is Robocop it's just it looks like a man
in a Robocop suit
yeah and that's who you're fighting new
Roseville common new Robocop not old I
mean come on
well in my mind there only is one over
one Robocop it's just the one I know in
the the first
XCOM the firsts and main alien that
you're fighting are the little sectoid
yeah and they kind of look like the
big-headed tiny aliens and that was kind
of fun
and I feel like we're fighting some more
boring enemies this time it it goes to
seaming the first game yeah Oh enemy
unknown and that was that was kind of
part of the theming that discovering
these these new weird aliens and and
they're weird technology and what do
they want it was all about the mystery
like the first thing you encounter are
the the sectoid yeah you know they got
no mouth and they're creepy and they're
weird then then you discover the The
Thin Man and they're also kind of creepy
because they look human but they're not
really they're kind of the aliens best
attempt at making something look human
and every alien design is more bizarre
and weird than the next yeah and then
this one
most of the aliens just boring looking
dudes yeah it's mostly you fighting
human looking soldiers and then there's
there's a few aliens scattered here and
there and for the most part their
designs aren't bad on the aliens by the
archon
you know this kind of gladiatorial
fancy-ass looking flying alien that's a
neat looking alien but you're mostly
fighting the Advent soldiers guys armor
helmets not as fun as fighting sectoid
xand and and floaters yeah well that's
the thing you know even even something
like what's what's the floating orb a
gatekeeper the gatekeeper fun idea this
nebulous orb that has like energy
tentacles when it opens up the ball it
was a cyber disc in the first one no
they they either look like these like
like a flight like a mini flying saucer
like a disc and they
they open up and they got all these like
robot tentacles and spiky things that
come out of them they're fucking awesome
looking
the enemy unknown that fucking cyber
disk is just the best designed robot in
many a year I do like I like a lot of
the robot designs like the the sector
pod that kind of like big - like
incompetent 80209 yes like that's a neat
looking I I love the
what's what's the the one where you it
has two phases where you kill it once
and then it's a robot oh the end
ramadhan the end drama mom it's got some
at the end the androgynous alien that's
not you know like that the end rot the
the end Ramadan is really neat because
you're fighting bit what is a giant
robots no pain in the ass and yes it's
really neat that's actually why I love
it no but you know you could you come
across this giant robot suit and it's
got a shit ton of health and armor and
you're fucked and you finally whittle it
down you kill it your first time none of
your soldiers are ranked up enough to
really kill it because then after you
defeat it it has a second form where it
has a dead alien flopping out of its
robot body but the mechanics in the suit
still work brilliant
I was so happy when I first came I mean
obviously if I was fuck yes like I think
it killed a lot of my people and then
it's like spewing toxic ooze as a dead
alien is flopping around it that is by
far my favorite enemy it's it's unique
it like has this like alien Robo hybrid
thing it's a pain in the ass it's a
great battle you didn't play much of the
first one you should look up a mech
toyed a mechanoid you know the
sectarians yes I don't put one in like a
mecha suit okay I like them by contrast
to this really fun alien Robo hybrid you
have the the Advent soldier the Advent
Advent officer
the advent shield soldier the Advent
stun Lancer they're all just dudes just
dudes just do it I know I know and most
disappointing of all is your main enemy
is the avatar okay yes the avatar the
avatar is the new form of the etheral
mmm-hmm in the previous game the eighth
role is this this tall kind of regal
alien with like this this long thin robe
the red bright red robe that just hangs
down they kind of float off the ground I
got this weird headpiece on looks kind
of like an anvil and underneath the robe
they got the shriveled purple body on
these four arms that come out they do
their psychic powers really really neat
visual and in the new game they're just
a dude with a gun and an anime here
anime here
they still got psychic powers but
visually they're just a dude with anime
her plot wise and femi it goes along
with what they're going with see the
first game is you're discovering the
unknown alien right this is more like
the aliens have taken over and there the
aliens are absorbing us for their own
purposes so feeling wise I can see why
they did it that's so grudgingly I do it
makes sense but it does make sense yeah
yeah but I hate it but it also looks
worse it's and you know like much like
my problem with the enemy designs in
Dragon's Dogma this might come from the
fact that you know I've been recently
playing blood-borne and that has amazing
monster designs but like some of the
aliens were really cool the mutants
that's fun like big fat anteater alien
that shoots bombs that's a fun alien the
sect oh pod fun robot the and Ramadan
fun alien robot hybrid and then you got
got dudes we got dudes and armor
gameplay wise I think they do more
interesting things more interesting
abilities like the shield soldier he
gives everyone
random a shield yeah nothing that
anything like that the first one like
most of the enemies just ran around and
tried to shoot at you
you got some really brutal melee enemies
I guess we're going into difficulty here
listen we're free-forming it tonight we
tried to we started writing notes and we
just had fun yeah just preforming stun
Lancers will fuck your shit up they just
charge at you with their with their
sword baton thing and they they can move
far further than you think they should
like in the in the first game there was
nothing that could mail on you after a -
well good now everything melees after a
- and melee unit that's halfway across
the map can can get get you and Marie
when one term mm-hmm so they're very
dangerous a lot of dangerous things in
this game they have abilities that are
just oh my god yeah why can you do that
because in this game you are the
resistance you are the underdog they're
there there's something very snide that
I want to say about this game which is
in the in the first XCOM you represent a
secret military organization an aliens
attack and your secret military
organization uses like a really cool
airplane to fly around the globe and
fight aliens and you have the resources
and manpower of the entire Earth to help
you fight the aliens right and in this
game you're the aliens of one and now
you're a ragtag military organization
but you still got a really cool flying
machine and apparently you still have
the resources and manpower of the entire
world and it kind of feels very say me
I'm gonna disagree with you because I
think I think the resistance theme is
very strong on this one okay for one
there's the whole concealment bit yeah
which I'm a little bit disappointed
because I don't you know you have one
real good use out of it but alright
alright fine but still that's sneaking
around like you're the resistance you
think the underdogs yeah you can't just
go in guns blazing but you're you're
gonna get out guns
you take the sneaky route so that's that
that's reflected in the gameplay
the timer there is a reflection of the
resistance theming because if you're a
guerrilla group you're gonna hit hard
and get out of there before
reinforcements show up yeah all right so
it fits there and you talk about having
the resources of the entire world
you really don't you really don't I find
in the other half we talked about the
tactical combat learn a lot but this is
whole strategic lehrer with the globe
and that's a whole other thing
yeah where you're managing your base and
whatnot I always found supplies to be
running low yeah oh yeah constantly you
you you you were in contact with some
other small groups around the world and
they give you what they can it never
feels like it goes that far I thought
the first game had kind of somewhat of a
linear progression like you upgrade to
this gun you upgrade to that gun you
build the officer training center then
you build it it's an order to this thing
then you get psionics here I feel like
you're more open with what you can do
earlier like you can get psionics pretty
damn early if you want but you don't
have necessarily the resources to build
everything like you want the psyonix
early but you've got to build the
officer training school and well you
really need the hospital because so many
people get wounded but you're important
that you need to comms cuz you need
extra but you need this hey you need
that and you need this and I really I
need this but I only got the resources
to build two of them yeah okay I get you
know I think you you're right about the
theming yeah yeah you feel like you're
stretching your resources as far as you
can and in the first one I wasn't afraid
to just sell everything and I got I
could buy this this this this nap I
really can't do that anymore because
like even like the things you could sell
and land like like corpses you could
smell telling a quarter I got a shitload
of sectoid it's just so like insectoids
I'm gonna get you you you have more use
for the bodies though cuz you need like
the bodies when you build this or 75
alien corpses the villages the logics
back x2 so yeah my kids out of ideon
seasons you go to the the black market
where you buy and sell stuff and you
don't want to sell anything cuz they
mean
these things I need any of the supplies
to build things but I also need that the
things I need to sell so it's a it's a
it's actually a pretty decent balancing
act all right you know what I will
retract my snide comment okay okay I
will retract it that makes sense because
yes I I do I love I love that part where
you have to take account of every sect
eyed corpse because in order to upgrade
that gun for some reason you need
sex-toy corpses and you know we're using
every part of the Buffalo and I think
that's fun yeah all right I mean I I
went to the black market once when it
opened up and I never I never
oh no no listen eat stuffing a bite yeah
you can buy some decent leg scopes and
now you just pick those up off corpses I
got I got work I got that get bonus
corpse loot upgrade pretty early there's
a corpse looting thing in here or
sometimes when you kill something
without blowing it up which is some
incentive not to use grenades which are
highly effective but they drop loot like
like you get a scope for your gun or you
can get extended magazine thing for your
gun that drops from something dies yeah
and you can individually like customize
your soldiers guns like if you find like
the really nice scope no I put that in
your sniper absolutely because the
snipers have shit aim next come to my
favorite one was or the extended
magazine you put that up and on a heavy
because they only get like three shots
normally so you want a few more for you
have to reload or the the advanced stock
was one of my favorite where even if you
miss a shot it still does a little bit
of damage love that one well while
avoiding spoilers at the end when
there's certain things you have to kill
them but are difficult to kill yeah I
got one with like the execution perk I'm
one of the guns like ten percent chance
to automatically kill regardless of how
much damage you did uh-huh execution
yeah you ever kill a sector pod in one
hit because of that oh my god no in fact
I haven't I've never instantly killed
anyone I have that yeah I have that on a
couple of my guns
I don't have the hours that you haven't
yeah yeah one one more thing I'd like to
talk about obviously more things we can
talk about but one one thing in
particular that I wanted to mention
along with my going along the lines of
my see how the sausage is made
mm-hmm you're removed from the world
because you're the command
your windows did something I could swear
it restarted itself that was not a crash
I was doing that shutting down thing
this is this is Windows 7 this is
Windows 7 this does not have is it still
is it set to auto update it never has
well the window 10 I don't think they
gave you the option but it never has
before but who knows but you know what
we're back okay where were we I was
about to make an amazing and
well-thought-out point oh oh good about
time
pardon me here's here's what's gonna
happen so so I was talking about on the
chess board yeah you get full view of
your cover right you you you you hide
behind a car this is a shield a little
half shield right or you hide behind a
big concrete pole and it's a full shield
to cover right a problem I have along
the lines of seeing how the sausage is
made seeing the random number generator
seeing the percentage shot all valuable
tactical information that you can use to
make decisions as opposed to just random
shit that's just happening with no input
from you all very very important feed
bury valuable information that's
integral to the gameplay as the
commander yes a a sausage problem that's
all just what I'm gonna call it that's
just what I'm gonna call a sausage not
problem but okay a sausage problem I
have is just a tasty sausage none of the
world is distinct you know you fight in
a forest you fight in the city you fight
in in you know abandoned villages right
I never pay any attention to that the
only thing I'm looking at is where's
what what shield is there okay that all
I don't I don't see an abandoned car I
see a half shield I don't see a tree in
the forest I see a full shield I'm not
I'm not getting absorbed into the world
because all I see is the tactical
information I'm going to agree and
disagree yes yes
I don't I don't see it as just the
tactical information I do see it as a
world I think there's a little bit more
variety than you're giving it credit for
you got you got the rundown shacks of
like the the resistance kind of variants
we're trying to live outside of the
alien influence and then you have them
the very very nice and beautifully laid
out alien cities mm-hmm but there's only
really like two or three different types
of environments yeah one of the one of
the big differences between this game in
the last game right the last game use
pre-made Maps okay so every time you got
the gas station map it was always the
gas station map with with no variety
this is enemy placement would be it
would be varied yeah there was only
limited placements though okay and you
can kind of they're very likely to be
here gotcha
so you knew where to take the good cover
you knew where the aliens probably worm
and although there were a lot of maps if
you played it off like me 1000 hours
you've got to know them pretty well
there was a lot of variety though a lot
of different types of areas the
Construction Yard or the gas station or
the supermarket these think these places
all look different okay what XCOM to
does and from a game pay game pay from a
game page for me from a gameplay
perspective is actually much better as
there's some randomization going off in
the maps like there's some I think they
reference it to being like a quilts like
there's different types of buildings but
they get assembled different lanes and I
don't know if it's quite procedurally
generated but there's its patches
there's like there's patches so you're
not you're not getting that same map
layout experience the whole time and you
know the enemies are gonna be here
because it's always gonna be different
but it does seem like there's less
variety in the environments you get
instead of like the gas station map and
the grocery store map and the rocks and
these all these everything there's
rundown City normal City and maybe like
winter rundown city winter yeah you get
you get less vision
variety but more like actual layout
variety which on the whole I'll take the
way the second one does it because sure
oh you can't memorize the BAPS oh yeah
but I mean for me it would have made no
difference had you removed the trees in
the forest level and just made
everything a polygon square that's weird
to me because I don't see it that way at
all that and you know it's I'm still
hiding behind that tree right right and
that's part of my sausage problem is
it's hard for me to get engrossed in the
game because all I see is that half a
shield oh if I hide behind here it's a
half a shield and that's what I need to
know it's better if I hide behind that
full shield so I'm gonna fight behind
that full shield never had that problem
okay okay
you're great I can't disagree with it
you what that's that's your opinion
but maybe you haven't been on the
Internet I still see it as piles of
tires and cars that I'm hiding behind is
there's also a shield that gives me some
valuable tactical feedback mmm this
cover is so good compared to that other
area over there I still see it as you
know what it's supposed to be in game oh
sure no and I'm sure there's a mod to
take away the shields or do something or
whatnot I like it would be nice if you
could toggle that like toggle shield
view you know like this is all valuable
feedback but that's valuable feedback
the the aiming percentage is valuable
feedback very important to the type of
game it is you are you want to know if
you're taking a smart shot or a dumb
shot of course all of that is
information that leads you to making the
best tactical decision which is if your
your chance to hit it I don't like it if
your chance to hit is 15 you're no
better off either going into over launch
or moving somewhere else to trying to
flank or throwing a grenade you don't
want to take don't want to take that 15%
chance that this is what I'm what I'm
saying is I agree
with you yeah but these are the reasons
why I'm not that into it right it's it's
I I really truly believe that XCOM 2 is
a wonderfully competent game I think I
think that every battle one was earned
every loss was earned I did something
dumb all the right Pete
all the right numbers are there to make
it a good game and I'm just not that
into it mmm how do you before we wrap it
up okay before how you filled up
difficulty so that's something worth
talking about I am playing on rookie
yeah and I hit a point mid game I felt
difficulty was spot on at the beginning
I was struggling it was a very
challenging but very rewarding with
every win
I hit a point mid game where I started
to upgrade my stuff and I was breezing
through until the last mission in which
I'm getting my ass handed to me so I
want to say 30% spot on difficulty 65%
way too easy last 5% really fucking
fired so this is one of my early issues
with the first game really yeah it's
just it's it's like an inverted
difficulty curve okay and the the first
few months are are the most challenging
where you you're getting you you could
really easily get steamrolled by the
aliens if your tactics are bad and then
you hit the mid game and you're you're
about on par with the aliens you're
tucking it out and then you get through
the late game and you're just just
knocking them over
you're knocking them out of the park and
as many hours as I as I have an ex come
I I got to admit a lot of times I just
play like the first few months I get
until like the first main story event
and then I just kind of quit because of
that at that point I know I'm on the
rails and the victory is basically
assured
really yeah I still enjoy the fuck out
of it every now and then I'll still play
through the whole game sure sure this is
fun it's fun sometimes steamrolling
millions yes
but the early months okay and I was
really hoping they'd fix that problem
like truly get a lid on it not really on
the whole I think it's harder on the
whole okay like as an ex-con veteran
yeah I turned this game around the first
time and I wanted like the third highest
difficulty level yeah oh my god you know
that's probably about where I'm at I
think everyone saw that everyone saw
that we stirred that light no and I did
get my ass handed to me repeatedly yeah
then I went down to veteran I'm still
kind of getting my ass handed me
repeatedly but then once I kind of got
used to the new mechanics and you know I
realized that D buffing the enemies is
more important this time around so I
bring more like you know stun and flash
right I adjusted my tactics yeah and the
curves about the same as it was known
the first one this starts off still
challenging tough you know easy to lose
people and then you hit that the point
where it whew
clear sailing for the most part I still
though occasionally lose people like
game okay so it's not a walk in the park
it's it's it's never so easy that I can
just let my guard down and breeze
through the game like I can in the later
parts of the first one there's a
different you but it's still a lot
easier near the end you yeah you hit a
point in which it feels easier even
though like you're still paying
attention you're still on a time crunch
for most missions you're still you still
like half of your team comes back
gravely wounded but it feels different
and maybe maybe it's supposed to maybe
like that's you like building confidence
yeah as a rebel commander but still I I
felt a significant drop in tension after
after 30 percent yes yes okay well there
well there we go
well except last mission except for the
last mission which I have not beaten and
I don't think I will
this is too hard the last mission in the
first one yeah it's just such a fucking
letdown yeah such if I can let them it's
like it's like
five aliens the the villain talks a lot
because I'm 5 million so you get the
last room then you just shoot the one
head alien a couple times anyone it's a
really unsatisfying final mission they
took that feedback to heart how many are
you facing in the apparition in 9 to 11
9 2 mm maybe 12 like if it's a really
difficult mission and then and how many
enemies do you face in the final mission
well not counting the very end where
they just keep spawning that's 33 33
enemies on one map
it's a fucking climax no it's a giant
map too which is great
it's a fucking climax I kind of love it
I can't beat it
I cannot beat it I've I failed I want to
say three times and I've gone to my
saves come because I say it's right at
the beginning and I just cannot fucking
beat that final mission that no that the
difficult that's like where you can
barely handle it what oh you come
through that's that's the last mission I
think it's great it's just me it's I
mean I it's it's a it's a great mission
and I the the map is different than any
other map because most maps are you know
I don't want to come small Maps but I
think they're small here you have this
giant corridor and you just keep running
into enemy it is a gauntlet and it's
just a little too tough for me I don't
know if I'm gonna die I was hoping I I'm
not that into the game I was hoping to
at least beat it once and I don't think
that's gonna happen
all right I'm there I'm there at the
last level and I've tried three times
and two failed three times I don't know
if I care enough to try fourth I love it
I am i why i went through ironman
non-veteran beat it yeah then I went
through commander and I'm I'm almost at
the end again on my second commander
playthrough so I'm enjoying it yeah yeah
I think that's great
I think I think it's telling for me that
I've particularly like years to get
1,000 hours in the original I've already
got 200 in the new one
that's great I'm glad that you enjoyed
I'm glad I know I was you were worried
especially playing first
oh yeah I'll stream this also your
hardest you of the super veteran
commander everything's gonna be great
then you just got your ass handed to you
yeah once there's a bit of a bit of shot
in frightened it was the ex come doesn't
hold your hand yeah it does get easier
butts because you've gotten better at
the game yeah so you know well I was I
was worried that too many things were
different where you as a veteran ex-con
player we're going to not like it so I'm
happy that you like it it's the word the
weird thing is when I first started
playing it everything felt different now
that I've had more time it doesn't feel
that difference okay I don't know
there's just not being used to do
visuals or something I don't know what
but okay great no great seems like more
enemies have more health but poor aim as
compared to the first one yes they miss
a lot they miss a lot they have a shit
ton of health though unless they want to
mail in your ass at which point they're
just fucking deadly bastards so you
recommend
yeah that's pretty obvious
duh 200 hours yeah a little bit of a
recommendation that's I think that
speaks highly yeah yeah would you
recommend it know what it's worth
really Wow but people know me yeah like
I your your your twitch gamer I'm a
streaming service your twitch game I
enjoy action games I enjoy being up in
the mud and in this game you are the
commander you you just you you control
all the soldiers and I want to be the
soldier so you know like I think you
have to know yourself as a gamer know
what make one of the soldiers bald and
aim them after you that'll be you if
that character dies you have to restart
the game oh okay there you go
I'll be is now you have no excuses now I
want to pull the trigger so I don't you
know it's just it's just one of those
things where I think you'll know you
you know before you play this game
whether or not you're gonna be into it
if you are into tactical turn-based
strategy this game gets a lot right I'm
just not into it button if you're into
tactical turn-based combat
