Jul 20, 2016
GhostControl Inc.
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/83288826
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/83293743
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W51qOKRoKZo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_T-pCS4IF0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/755852123770728448

[Part I]
I did Oh crotch is like it's like they
can think about it because it's just
below free Jack just raised the camera
so you couldn't see his crotch
yeah I wanted to get my crotch it is
because because well I'm sitting in that
spot and the camera is wide zoom Xin on
my crotch but because I want to sitting
there yes stop it adjust the camera
first I know what the people want they
want Evans crotch
Evans crunch I don't know you know what
you drew I can't deny that
Evans crotch which is a slightly better
name than trumpets trumpets that's Trump
and his running mate ja pense okay okay
TP oh yeah Oh how's everybody doing we
already know what you're gonna ask about
Ghostbusters Ghostbusters Ghostbusters
fuckin shut up feminism MREs
conspiracies man children mansplaining
Leslie Jones Twitter and cultural
appropriation ghostbusters ghostbusters
ghostbusters
that's the end of her ghostbusters
discussion shitstorm shitstorm shitstorm
shitstorm I am so tired of everything
surrounding this ghost but that doesn't
mean I was perfectly willing to talk
about the finer nuances of the movie
itself may have a day and then the
Leslie Jones Twitter grab fucking shit
makes you hate everybody doesn't what
the fuck wants to take their socks off
and step into that refresh once they
have anything to do with this fucking
film yeah
it's the most fun it's the most
unpleasant thing yeah yeah it's it sucks
to you because it's like I stand by
everything we said in a review of course
cuz it's a shitty movie but now it's
just like there's so much negativity
surrounding it from all sides
surrounding it you're just like what is
wrong with the world you know like I
didn't feel like I don't think it was
like the movie itself which I took
special time out of my day to see it cuz
rich wanted me to see it so we can talk
about it no thank you rich
we're gonna see you had to have been at
least interested my mother did get me a
little interested and you know me and
Lisa went it was a nice early morning
showing and there was a little boy
actually there in the theater with us
just by himself
no I with his mom and he was wearing
like a Ghostbusters jumpsuit you did not
bring your boys I did not bring my boys
because I wasn't sure about the language
its pg-13 so you never know and you know
whatever but there was a little boy
there he's like four or five year old
kid with his mom and at the end of the
movie she apologized to us because
apparently he was talking to the home of
we didn't hear I think I say you Paulie
apologized to the kid I'm so sorry we
thought it'd be better Ghostbusters was
much different apparently according to
the mom we chatted for a little bit
afterwards she's like Oh his father has
shown him the first Ghostbusters so many
times he loves it so much he was so
excited to see this movie so I'm so
excited I'm so sorry that he talked
during the whole thing and we said oh we
didn't hear anything and we started
talking to the kid like what you think
he's like I was funny I like the
balloons okay so like for a kid like
that it's like okay it's fine and he's
like but I I like the I like the ghosts
better in the first movie as well oh
yeah and I was like yeah that's pretty
cool
yeah that's pretty cool a small child
understands practical effects like not
not intellectually but can see it and be
like I like the look of this more any
that these are actually spooky yeah yeah
that's actually exactly what he said
he's like the the ghosts were a little
scarier in the first one so I thought
they were cooler and I was like yeah
that kid gets it but like I don't think
it was pixels level bad like I didn't
feel sad cuz we all saw pixels together
and is right I just felt both pixels has
said specifically because of Adam
Sandler right if you were to replace
them with just generic comedy actor it
would be about on the saga
there's the thing that I think the
effects in pixels were probably better
at least stylistically stylistically the
glowing pixel monsters they were
supposed to become were more interesting
than the CGI
what was that RL Stein books goosebumps
yeah some people compare them to the
scooby-doo movies yeah yes no I got the
second scooby-doo movie that's called
monsters unleashed is that the one with
all the monsters
Lisa Lisa was a little more kind to it
but agreed that it's it's an overall bad
movie yeah yeah made me love her of
course she she came up with we were
discussing it afterwards and we were
just trying to figure out like it's not
good it's not good it's not a good movie
well I don't I don't think it's a huge
pile of garbage it's a small pile of
garbage
you know what it's like that's what it
is but uh she you know we were just so
we were trying to figure out like what
what's the main problem with it was and
she's like she just kept saying like
like the first Ghostbusters they didn't
really have any jokes right
they were just characters and these
ladies kept trying to tell jokes yeah
the humor in the first movie is
situational and driven by just the
characters being themselves right it's
it's it's like Three Stooges film or a
Marx Brothers Marx Brothers is more
appropriate Marx yeah because the
dialogue but I mean well I'm like when
they're trash on the Slimer ballroom you
know but the hours are still standing
like that's very marx brothers reminding
me a mark here here are these
interesting people and let's put them in
this interesting situation right right
it didn't even have to be ghostbusting
it could've been those same characters
in our other wacky situations starting a
more mundane business together it still
would have been funny yeah yeah and and
here you have scenes in which people
stand still in a room and attempt static
shots that are awkwardly cut together to
splice together all the random bits of
improv something Lisa really wants to do
is she wants to rewatch the first one to
count how many time the ghostbusters
stand in the line and watch something
that was her big observation she goes
how many times did those four ladies
stand in a line and fucking just watch
something that happens way too much in
the new Ghostbusters movie so I was
thinking about this today too
like another problem the new one is
suggested it lacks any sort of vision
or anyone controlling what's happening
like Kate McKinnon is you know off the
hook doing whatever she wants there's no
vision to the movie it is just spliced
together improv and shit yeah and as I
was thinking of the original and it's
like cuz the original is you know Bill
Murray's doing whatever the fuck he
wants it's still a similar situation
yeah but you have Ivan Reitman kind of
with a vision to mold everything yeah
yeah and the new one doesn't have that
yeah well there's no chemistry and
there's no chemistry between Kate
McKinnon everyone likes her the best
she's wacky yeah but she says wacky
thinks at what point did she ever ever
have an interesting interaction with
another character in the film no just
off to the side characters doing
something then they cut to her and she
says wacky goofy thing I said Lee you're
unrelated no you know what I
I liked her speech at the end were bad
that should have come much earlier oh so
you have some reason to give a shit but
like finally I said to myself oh I get
what her character is supposed to be now
yeah now that the movies over no but I
liked that speech if you just move that
maybe maybe like I don't know when we
you know like or something before the
beginning of the third act
sure yeah we're coming together as a
team the action finale because
Ghostbusters is an action franchise the
dumbest thing there there is there's a
dumb thing in this movie Jan that I
believe transcends the dumbest dumbest
thing in the movie it's no longer dumb
in just the movie it's dumb in the world
at large rich and I were talking about
this earlier what is happening rich is
going to do something on Prop common
I'll demonstrate what's dog at the the
ending action scene okay
for some reason they have decided that
the best way to deal with ghosts is with
kung fu move oh yeah they're flipping
around and they they pick up a ghost and
they throw it at like a wall yeah
because that will hurt
ghosts oh my like the wood chipper thing
or it's like what happens to the ghosts
after that does it did it died how do
you how does a ghost die are you killing
a goat is that a thing you can do and if
you are if that is a thing you can do
you got a stab
that shit wouldn't that be great but
then they're not really catching ghosts
and the entire reason that this
franchise exists is just out the window
oh my god there's a hat I'm gonna beat
up that hat whoa that you taught that
had a lesson he's not gonna be back for
more that was the dumbest fucking thing
it reminded me a lot of bad 80s action
movies when a kid let your heroes like
surrounded by villains but they come at
him one at a time so we can fight him
individually cuz there's thousands of
ghosts everywhere
in this movie and they're just like one
at a time flipping around ya know it's
it's it's just it's such a weak movie
yeah and then I went in actually with
slight optimism because I think the
people in it are funny I wouldn't with
more optimism once I saw the it was
getting decent reviews yeah I didn't
read the reviews but I saw like Rotten
Tomatoes scores I go maybe it'll at
least be funny but that's all I was
hoping man you know one first joke in
the movie had me laughing which one was
that remember why is that the tour guide
the tour guide anti-virus or whatever
this house has the latest technology
including this this and an anti Irishmen
fence it's a fun joke that's that's when
I knew they didn't understand the tone
of the original which would be fine
it can establish its own tone it never
does the ghost busters themselves are
the wacky ones the world is pretty much
the real world right and the ghosts are
their scary ghosts oh sure but if you
look at this movie is trying to be its
own thing
separate from ghostbusters this is dumb
wacky comedy nothing but it's not funny
that's the problem
this is the real thing and then there's
like most modern comedies I'm not gonna
play this game jack is he was supposed
to play this game but he's just been
sitting here while we've been talking
that's why I assumed Richard play first
because he's already talked about
Ghostbusters oh sure well I I can talk
and play at the same time I'm listening
now guy while I play I mean what more is
there to say yeah just get out of the
way hey the only thing they mentioned
that got
cut out of our discussion was the
because a lot of people are saying the
movies anti men and there definitely is
an undercurrent of that and it's like
there's a mean-spiritedness to it where
you have your villain it's like you
mentioned he's like a nerdy west anti
men in general that it is anti-nerd yeah
that's that's what I was gonna say is
that it I don't really see it as anti
men so much as anti fanboy yeah yeah
anti people that sure that like this
type of movie but to the point where
this is what bothered me is the the
spoilers the Rowen villain character he
kills himself like you know before third
act I could come back as a ghost and
they're like laughing about the fact
that this nerd killed himself and then
during the N climax they're calling him
like a stupid virgin and it's like this
is this is so mean yeah you know I mean
I realize he's the villain and he's an
evil character but just like why is he
evil this undercurrent oh because he's
the bad guy
he had more motivation than Lex Luthor
did that's true it was it was the
problem is not interesting as a villain
boom but but yeah just this like like I
don't know that whole like ha ha like
especially for a movie were the people
behind it or complaining about online
bullies and in their movie they're like
laughing about the fact that this guy
killed himself
it's like cuz that's such a common like
troll thing is to tell people to kill
yourself right so that I thought was
off-putting I I when I first saw who the
villain was the the guy the the nerd guy
and in the in the beginning of the movie
you know like they put up videos on
youtubes and they had they have a
specific like oh don't read the comment
section and that I thought they were
going to kind of use this whole like men
don't think we can do it so let's prove
him wrong aspect as like an undercurrent
in the movie and I thought oh that could
be a really interesting angle it's it's
sort of in there it's well but it's done
in the most regressive and stupid way
that's like they'd never like proved
themselves in the movie they just shot a
ghost in the dick they never did
actually it took it took a complete
coincidence for them
to win the day the the the slime alert
is a Slimer in the ecto-1 showed up if
he had to showed up they would have all
been fucked just by complete chance oh
yeah so they don't they don't
successfully catch a single goes well
there is female climber in there - who's
driving the car that's right why is
rowing a super ghost that can control
everyone yeah I don't know he was like I
putting the spells or something had all
the things and the thing that's fine
that's that eyes like like it doesn't
make any sense
he had like books of shit meets ed stuff
but how can he can just control the
entire army oh the army there are no
there's no reason you should control the
other that's what I'm saying he can do
anything at the end and why does he do
the whole choose the form of your
destruction because that's I remember
that because you remember it but it
doesn't make like why does he do that it
doesn't make any sense nothing makes any
sons what gives him the power to do that
yeah
no no and that's why there's some people
they're like well at least it's better
than ghostbusters 2 is like at least
ghostbusters students have had an
interesting villain the first half of
ghostbusters 2 is pretty great yeah and
so it is those characters being those
caring ride yeah but at least in the
second half there's some interesting
stuff with the villain there's like an
interesting backstory need something
supernatural it's not just my knee nerd
man is the villain you know it could
have worked that like the whining near
man could have worked and it could have
turned looking led to something bigger
like there's the nerdy what's-his-face
in the second movie the Janos oh yeah
like it starts with him and he's sort of
the one that ushers in this larger
threat right you know do something like
that instead of just the Rouen
characters the villain the whole way
through even though he's just a dude
because we're the real villains he's
just a dude that somehow others are the
real villain see somehow understands the
book that they wrote better than they do
I just sort of weird the Ghostbusters in
this movie are kind of incompetent they
don't catch one go so you don't catch a
single ghosts there's there they require
Slimer to just coincidentally save the
day at the end
and someone else understands the book
they wrote better than they do women am
i right yeah I don't know anything to
say about ghostbusters Chan speak now
forever hold your peace I don't want to
talk about the shit I we on my laptop
with like our donations and stuff
decided to do an update right before the
stream okay so fuck you I see someone
mentioning something about Paul Feig in
the chat and I've seen people commenting
they're like making fun of the way he
dresses like that's one of his best
attribute yeah yeah dapper fellow it's
very dapper good for know that's fine
yeah that's fine sam raimi also goes to
direct everyday wearing a suit that's
fine that's fine
sure because they're mad and then they
want to hate on every single thing no
hate on him for a shitty directing yeah
man he made a stinker yeah to be fair he
did poke the hornet's nest well yeah
there's no that whole situation such a
mess and that's one thing that's
disappointing too is like like I said I
stand by everything we said in her
review but it's a little disheartening
when you see comments from people that
like on ironically use words like
feminazi but now think we're on their
side I know that's why I don't want to
put my bare foot in that shit it's like
I I'm not on anybody's side
fuck all of you you're all monsters they
deserve each other
so we have not uh I've not read yeah I
think it's was the the first tip is did
it was based on the cartoon was the
question well do you think the new movie
is based off of the cartoon at all
probably not cartoon had like a whole
mythos to it and cartoon would it be
like a sequel you sure about the Real
Ghostbusters cartoon yeah well that was
based off of the movies right the first
movie I think we've asked any of these
actually
do what you want oh my god right I'm
gonna I gotta bust some ghosts you're
playing not Ghostbusters I'm playing
ghost control Inc a little turn-based
strategy as you see here and a little is
this a new game I'd actually think it
came out last year I have no idea
where's the keyboard oh um oh fuck Jesus
Christ he broke it I know I broke
everything I break everything it doesn't
use the XCOM keys
I want to spin the camera seed Andy
check I was not drinking vodka oh yeah
that was kind of about that yeah mine
was full of just ecto cooler
there's jump cuts in the editing to
condense time because we spent a lot of
time setting that up that vodka by the
way we're not endorsed by Danny Aykroyd
but I was some good vodka we were
enjoying that vodka isn't there so
special about that vodka like it's a
super smooth that's missing all I know
is what he said on the Larry King
interview well I'm just crazy like
beliefs involved here - I feel like
purified by crystals oh yeah something
like that
magic crystals magic crystal power of
magic crystals magic crystals I'm Kenny
powerses hey motherfucker Jay you know
me Kenny fucking powers my question to
you is have you or will you view the
nice guys by Shane Black I would like to
I missed it when it was in theaters but
I really want to I like that Shane black
fucking hell man that's a reboot I'm
looking forward to is the predator movie
yeah he dragged Fred Decker out of
obscurity co-write it with him reboot or
a sequel I think it's technically a
sequel but when in this much time has
passed that's just a reboot well they're
just gonna call it predator I'm sure
Fred udders wasn't that long ago was it
no there was no no no five six seven
years ago yeah not too long but it
wasn't like a big hit no I thought it
was okay I kind of liked it not a lot of
people did though telegin says can you
guys just talk about the Ghostbusters
1975 instead I've never seen it I've
never seen the cartoon version of it or
the live actress
but a minute of it on the youtubes it
was just it wasn't children so it was a
live-action kids show yeah and that's
the reason they had to call the
Ghostbusters cartoon based on the movie
the Real Ghostbusters right yeah because
there was some sort of legal yeah well
here's I know they almost didn't call
the movie ghostbusters because of that
somebody else had the rights but they
worked something out I don't know what
the deal was okay but they were able to
call the movie ghostbusters but they
could have loved the cartoon yeah and
then the people who own the 1975
Ghostbusters came out with a cartoon
based on that after the success of that
was just yeah for the success of the
first movie that was called go the
Ghostbusters because they have the
rights to it yeah what a mess
yeah yeah cuz I remember that cartoon
came out it was excited about a new
Ghostbusters cartoon it was like that's
not that Ghostbusters I monkey what
monkey driving a Model T where are the
proton packs Turla wise says two best
movies from 2016 green room and Swiss
Army man the ladder is ridiculous but
oddly heartwarming as it aside Jay I
want to see the Swiss Army man I too
caught Jay Carpenter in concert what an
amazing show did you get were you at the
Chicago one whoever asked that I was it
it was so fucking awesome it was great
on multiple levels like one I loved his
music
so just seen him play it live it was
just a great concert how does this music
work outside of a film score because I
want to think of his music I think of
like basic and repetitive but it works
under under the action I mean it's it's
changed up a little bit for life and he
has a full band with him he's got three
guitar players and a drummer yeah so
it's a little more rocking okay so the
music was awesome and then he played a
couple tracks from his albums too that
weren't film scores so it's just a great
concert and we were right up front which
was great like directly up front but
also he has a giant screen behind him
Sony's playing the themes there's clips
from the movie plane so and it covered
everything like even his lesser movies
like in the mouth of madness and
Christine and stuff so it also worked as
just the celebration it isn't
your career and he was up there with his
two kids and he looked like he was
having so much fucking fun
he was like pointing at his kids and he
just seems so like happy to be there and
he's been miserable and grumpy for the
last 20 years and he was like dancing
around he's doing this lame old man
dance it was the best thing it was such
a great concert and the lighting was
awesome they had different like colored
lights that would play it you know shine
for different songs when he did the
themed of the fog it was all green light
and they had fog come out onstage it was
it was awesome it was it was a lot of
fun and I'm really glad I went
cuz I doubt he'll ever do it again and
you just went to the one you didn't you
I didn't go to Milwaukee Milwaukee yeah
double dipped I could've but I didn't
not reading comments about the whole
Leslie Jones shitstorm great everyone
sucks
everyone's a comment on it is everyone
sucks
people are Dickens yes that's usually
our number one rule don't be a dickhead
yeah that's the rule that the Internet
as a whole is constantly violating
everyone all the time not being a
dickhead all the time
anonymous is to be read with moderate
rhythm and I can't do that because I
have no rhythm yeah
doom is my canvas and I paint it with
death Jay the Scientologist is high on
meth l ron Hubbard in the house tonight
dishing out the law like Phoenix Wright
objection okay I think I did okay
something something hang out to dry I
did an objection punctuation see yeah we
gotta I gotta buy some weapons a ghost
be gone this year just the sky you
notices can't watch the stream tonight I
must want I must watch as much as much
stranger things as possible before I
pass out we'll catch up tomorrow so
please everyone tell me to get the fuck
back to work yeah the fuck back to work
stranger things you want to get back to
work or do you want to watch stranger
things make up your mind man maybe he's
doing a review of stranger things have
you ever thought about that maybe I'm
not mad motherfucker I didn't I didn't I
didn't think about this so that's the
thing I'd rather talk about than
ghostbusters changes things is so good
someone the only thing I know about
stranger things is that I should watch
stranger things all right imagine if
that's all I've ever everyone makes the
same point of comparisons for it it's
Stephen King and Steven Spielberg had a
baby and then and then John Carpenter
cut the umbilical cord sounds great yeah
yeah early Spielberg meets Stephen King
with a score by John Carpenter nice a
little bit of HP Lovecraft in there
although what episode are you on i am i
think i'm a halfway point i just
finished episode four so you haven't got
leaves no spoilers okay i will not say
any more then but no stranger things i
watched the whole thing over the course
of like maybe two and a half days
watching it in chunks and i i really
really loved it the the the the the
title the title intro i was told this
thing at verse ten minutes of the show
the first episode there's the lead up
and then it cuts to those titles and i
was like I'm in this is great i love the
look of it i love the sound the score i
think the kids are fantastic it's it's
start the kids are the leads and they're
like classic 80s kids where they're like
The Goonies where they're swearing and
they're not like sanitized modern kids
in movies I'll say this because of the
Stephen King influence it's influenced
by Stephen King and an unfortunate that
also means it has his pacing well its
series it's serious it's been very slow
to get going I didn't I don't know I
guess I was liking the character so much
I didn't feel it it's being slow the the
sense of nostalgia I got from it has
kept me going to where I am now and it's
starting to get good I would say yeah
they said four it's starting to get good
now yeah took a long time to get there
for me I didn't feel the first
half-dragged but I guess I can see that
I was just in love with everything about
the way it looks and yeah I didn't think
the nostalgic elements were too
overbearing
didn't feel like it was pandering is
just like whoever made this they these
are the things they love so I didn't
I've heard some people complain about it
feeling kind of pandering nostalgia
pandering and I didn't get that
impression I felt like it was coming
from a genuine place
we're known a rider though sucks what
and I must be alone a baby I've heard so
many people she's fucking crazy I posted
that on Twitter the other day I was like
I love the show but she's shrill and
unconvincing and everyone was like
attacking me I think she's like
something out of a student film
she's a half-crazed mother I guess she's
nailing it I don't buy her in that at
all though I think she is so annoying
and I'm apparently alone in this but I I
do not like her
she is the weak point completely alone
because I was just about to praise that
her I worked in the film a lot of r2 and
I decide to not buy her in that role at
all you know why because you're used to
thinking of her as a teenage girl
because we grew up with Winona Ryder and
this this this series is making me feel
incredibly old it takes place in 1983
just when I was growing up sharing and
like how different things are now yeah
like like like sing wall-mounted phones
and she has to keep buying because it
keeps getting zapped feel sold
look at those TVs I feel so oh no no
writer I'm like I'm I still remember her
from beetles you she's a kid yeah she's
she's she's barely not a child in
beetlejuice and now she's playing a
middle-aged mother of a teenage boy yeah
God am i old well not a teenage boy
she's a little younger than that though
I guess the only older teenager that's
right I was thinking that the little kid
yeah no I don't think it has anything to
do with her and like I'm thinking of her
from other roles I just don't like her
off that show it's not a deal-breaker
but I have not she's not convincing to
me in that part but yes jack you need to
get on it I I spent my time watching
ghostbusters you made you made the wrong
choice because rich said hey we should
talk about ghostbusters on Wednesday I
said all right I guess I'll go see
Ghostbusters and
just a matter of a couple of days no one
wants to talk about Ghostbusters anymore
because it's just oh this is something I
want public knowledge I got here at the
studio and rich goes I'm not sure I'm
feeling up to watching Ghostbusters ever
did you did you see stranger things well
now that you've watched it you can watch
stranger things the cool thing is that
there's so many people that seem to
really be into stranger things it's one
of those things that feels so specific
like it would maybe be like a cult thing
or have a cult following but everybody's
talking about it and everybody seems to
really like it which is neat I'm
enjoying it it took me a while to truly
enjoy it for more than this give me some
nostalgic feelings for my childhood
films hmm there's the nostalgia factor I
think the story is interesting and the
nice thing is it's self-contained it's
not a lost situation where they're just
gonna keep introducing new convoluted
shit I think I think the problem for me
is maybe maybe I'm wrong there's there's
like four different like story focuses
you get the kids oh yeah the girl you've
got the the cop doing the investigation
you got the grieving mother and then
you've got the two teenage kids who are
investigating the other disappearance it
all comes together nicely I'm sure it's
all gonna come together but right now
it's like four different kind of
compartmentalized things and they're all
moving slowly I'm wondering if I
wouldn't have liked it better if like
like the first episode focused mostly on
just the kids and the cop and then it
might not have felt like such a long
wind-up I don't know maybe I don't know
I'm still enjoying yeah I would say it
gets a little smoother as it goes along
as far as the cutting between all the
characters because they all start to
interconnect a lot more as it goes along
I really like the little girl playing
eleven I think she's really shit you
probably even gotten to where she starts
to get really interesting but I think
she's pretty good as far as acting goes
one small boss talking about the road
warrior brigands I was talking about
that in the chat the other night
says that movie inspired me to get a
cattle dog for myself what do you think
about a review of the original predator
when the new one comes out oh sure
everybody loves predator I have a
feeling we might run into and just weird
we did a review for the road warrior and
I'm editing that right now and then when
I don't want to fully say that doesn't
matter but I have a feeling predator
might be a similar situation where it's
just there's only so many ways you can
say it's awesome
yeah there's maybe a little more -
predator then there is the road warrior
right I'm sure will do it I don't know I
think predator is less interesting the
road warrior all around hmm nothing
that's bad yeah clarify that I'm sure we
can find some things to talk about I'm
probably not I probably wouldn't be good
for that episode then I'm not I got a
super huge predator fan oh really yeah
get on this I don't hate it this is
difference between not loving and hating
there isn't rich have you been on the
internet lately but there's difference
between not loving and hating but the
fact that you don't love it concerns me
predator is up there predators from one
of the best 80s action movie oh I'll
have to re-watch it it's been a long
time yeah I have a bit of a soft spot
for predator 2 I know a lot of people
don't like that one it's goofy but I
like the second one Danny Glover is just
terrible in it as an actor he's just bad
in it but Gary Busey is crazy in it
which is fun I heard that's the first
movie he did after his accident - Gary
Busey yeah was it after his accident
really I heard I was I just weird we're
talking about predator because I was
just watching stuff on YouTube and I was
watching something about predator - hmm
and they said it was like his first film
after a two-year absence because of an
accident oh I was thinking his accident
was much later but I have no idea huh
that's the thing I've listened it was
wrong as possible but I would have to
look into it
it's apparently the first thing they did
after they tried to put his brain back
together poor Gary Busey turtle wisest
sock carpenter in Philly at the Keswick
he played everything in the mouth of
madness was great he was dancing and
having a great time yeah all of the
background cinema and light slash fog
were awesome
exactly Jerry's I agree it was weird too
because there wasn't any sort of you
would think because Halloween is of
course his most well known movie his
most successful movie his most iconic
score you would think he would end the
whole concert with the Halloween theme
he's gonna through it in the middle
there there's no like favoritism his
final song his last song of the Encore
was the theme to Christine which is just
like one of his lesser movies it's a
good movie but it's not like one of his
most memorable themes but he made it
like rockin and awesome such a good show
scabby but Crabbe says OMG it's Jay hey
Jay did you have any interest in the
misfits reunion I didn't know there was
one I've never been a huge misfits fan
there fine
so I guess no not a missus I do wish
there was less CGI and stranger things
the CGI yeah acceptable but some more
practical effects would have been
appreciated still for what they're going
for with the whole eighties thing yeah
fully agreed it's out of place in the
context of what they're doing and it's
obviously not a super high budget show
so it's a little iffy the CG but the
story's interesting and everything else
is well-executed so I can forgive it but
yeah definitely for like a 80s nostalgia
thing some some some rubber suits there
are some rubber suits in there it would
have been fine tire dad says hey guys it
was refreshing and borderline cathartic
to listen to an honest review of
ghostbusters that didn't walk on any
eggshells and looked at the film in
detail thanks you're welcome
it is a little weird to me when I see
comments that are like finally an honest
review assuming that everybody else is
lying because they want to avoid country
see sure some of that's out there but
I'm sure many many people just but ever
ever view and this isn't a slam on
whoever said that because I'm sure
they're being sincere but in general a
review that just sort of validates your
feelings doesn't make it any more honest
than a review that you know there's a
different opinion than you that's true I
wish I could rotate the camera
that being said Disney has bought all of
our reviews for the Marvel films in the
force awakens but so clearly we were
paid off it's so obvious especially our
Civil War review where two of the people
didn't really like it very much
definitely paid off by Disney aimless
coursera
says hey guys in the wake of
ghostbusters I've been thinking about
the prevalence of reboots and remakes
these days what would you say your
favorite reboot or remake is if any the
thing in the fly the two that everybody
goes to cuz they're great I haven't
actually seen the thing I know I should
I know I should say the fly definitely
though is great the 70s invasion of the
body snatchers is pretty great Leonard
Nimoy's in that know there's there's
good remakes the maniac remake which is
only a few years ago I really like that
movie the difference between the good
ones and the bad ones is the intention
behind them being made if there's a
filmmaker that feels like they have
something new to bring to it which is
the case what the good remakes that
everybody mentions like the fly like the
thing but when it's just on to hold on
to a license or just capitalize on a
name brand and there's no sort of vision
behind it it's most likely going to suck
I've never seen the thing because I've
never been an especially big horror fan
and I in my brain and compartmentalized
it as a horror movie and I never stuck
it out and I know now that it's more of
a science fiction film and I
should watch it eventually I will say
I've seen clips online and the effects
are fucking amazing the effects still
hold up because they're executed so
perfectly so much of it is left in
shadow yeah that's one of the best
practical effects movies ever made I'm
interested in the new version of it that
they're doing so many of the chat just
brought that up I don't know if that's
will be considered a remake or just
another adaptation of the book or
whatever but but won't have Tim Curry
that's the one thing is like the the
original it'd I have a soft spot for it
because I watch it a lot as a kid and
it's a very uneven movie and it was a TV
movie so it's not you know it's not
rated R or anything but Tim Curry
performance in that is one of the bests
or villain performances ever but I think
the story has a lot of potential the
problem is even the original book has a
shitty ending because it's written by
Stephen King yeah yeah the TV movie has
a really shitty ending they just like
throw rocks at it it just it just
appears as a giant spider and they just
kind of punch it they no longer fear it
sure but it just appears as a giant
spider but they're afraid of spiders and
that was set up earlier yeah it's weak
it's very weak all Stephen King stories
peddle out that's at least something it
doesn't have the gangbang that happens
in the book and I'm sure that won't be
in the new movie either I doubt they
will do that all the other in the sewer
they're about to face it and and they
just take turns railing on the one girl
they all go at her and that's in the
book there's a reason for it though
right yeah I think their virginity is
important something like that I it's
been a long time since I've never read
it yeah that's what happens just a bunch
of little boys fucking a little girl in
the sewers yeah
I'm utterly uttering I'm assuming that
will not be a part of the new movie
either
I'd be what we more interested in the
new it if they kept the guy that did the
first season of True detective he was
gonna do it and there was some sort of
creative differences so he left so I
don't even know who's directing it now
but I believe it's still gonna be two
movies which makes sense given the
structure of it the blue blazes hey guys
what movie your or game new or old most
exceeded whatever expectations you had
for it all so what is the cut off here
for a review movie I don't think we
really have a cut off year yeah yeah oh
they didn't do him exceeded my
expectations by quite a bit
mmm are you looking forward to that
anyway or was that just sort of like a a
we'll see I was a fan of the classics
and I was reluctant that they would do
it justice trying to think of a movie
that I went in with below expectations
and turned out better I wouldn't I don't
know that my expectations were
rock-bottom I was just kind of leery for
the newer they were cautious you were I
mean no the the new Star Wars I went in
very middle of the road yeah that's a
good example I went to middle the road
though and I came out in middle of the
road sure
yeah I I came out super happy I was yeah
I was more impressed with it than I was
expecting to be on slightly I came out
slightly above middle I went in I wanted
to see I came out like be - that's
something bump for it for you in a
modern movie that's pretty good right is
there a martyr of more contemporary
movie rich besides fury road that you
would say you love mechanic Pixar films
wall-e okay up well he's a good movie I
still never seen up fucking up was
amazing I always hear it's good and I
just never got around to
the first five minutes of up is the most
amazing love story has ever been made I
always hear I feel like it's been
spoiled for me because I've heard about
it so much
big boo-boo this music is getting
annoying we're hearing it a lot you just
walk around um no we're not we're in our
car oh you're the car this reminds me of
the old old old Ghostbusters game at the
computer game cuz you had like a grid
like this and you had to go around the
city the on our grid here you can see
there's other ghostbusters ghost busting
teams Wow
and I can't I can't I don't have any
traps I need to I need to buy more traps
anonymous says I've got idea idea our
Allah our LM should host several
sweepstakes one for wait I got a pop-up
that covered up the message which is uh
no no one for every major holiday the
winner gets to spend the holiday with
one of you ie Christmas with Jack Easter
with Mike Valentine Jay no no no to all
of those that's the the punctuation they
use they just say Valentine G Valentine
J I think because they were so furiously
masturbating they couldn't hit can't
even finish it
focus yeah well the answer's no think
think about this cuz every once in a
while will get someone contacting us
it's like hey can I come hang out with
you for a day imagine a complete
stranger just calling you or emailing
you out of the blue and saying hey want
to hang out hey it worked with max
landis it's complete stranger well
there's there's a little more of a
connection there but just someone you
don't know and have never heard of in
your entire life you don't know anything
about just saying hey let's hang out as
such oh sure I appreciate everyone's
support I appreciate that you like what
we do but you gotta think about from our
perspective a little bit
tortured biscuit says Jack your biscuits
I'm Jack you hack sure
that's very true you know is that all it
says is this the refined overlay also
music recommendation for Jay Bowen and
Dirk club of Gore fucking tailor-made
for you if your musical tastes matches
your taste in movies that is what I call
go Ren boah Orion yeah I will and make a
note of it and dare dr is this two
different things
I have no idea I'm just borin and your
club of gore borin Bo are ye o team is
that yo bo h Arion bo h re n and they're
like the German the de our club of gore
okay I've got it marked in my notes I
will look into it I have no idea what
the fuck it is and then Jack is this the
final version of the Overland this this
is the take it take it in subject so it
sell it Jack was your chance so so this
is it's got a nice gradient I even put a
little texture on it because people
wanted the gradient to be a little more
outstanding I I happen to watch one of
our streams with the overlay and I
thought it looked great I I really like
how it separates the action game over
here us over here all the tips
everything's nice and clean it'll help
us on YouTube it'll stop the box from
from video claiming oh yeah so added
bonus and there's some nice Brandon up
in the corner which is always a good
thing obviously you guys don't care
about branding but you know our names
right up there in the corner the video
and it looks nice and clean and smooth
and once again Jay has come to join us
we don't got a fuck around green-screen
yeah sure we get the nice soft lighting
in here which we can't do with a green
screen are you saying we started 25
minutes earlier than we probably would
have I wouldn't
what everything is like let's say Jay
shows up like oh my god guys move this
we got to move the light of the green
sky everything is fucked
it makes things so much smoother there
and it's a nicer viewing experience in
here for us where we get the nice soft
lights and you can still see us it's a
final overlay I know it still has some
problems because you can see the gray
above the game because the game doesn't
fit perfectly in that screen button but
it looks clean it looks nice
that's all I got as long as you're happy
I am happy with it as long as it's not
as ugly as that first one because I was
the most hideous thing ever it's no
longer red I changed it to a nice blue
gradient okay a nice light yeah that red
was was harsh nothing that was that was
v1 technically that was v2 but doves
view that was the first version they saw
seven of Borgnine says J I saw society
bones tomahawk and Happiness based on
your recommendations did I recommend
happiness apparently you did okay I
talked about happiness as an incredibly
depressing movie it's yeah because
that's what it is an incredibly that
sort of the most depressing comedies
ever made it's probably the most
depressing comedy ever made bone
tomahawk slash happiness were great and
society was interested in whatever
anyone mentions that they watched
society like that's all I have to say it
I start laughing thank you for exposing
me to good lesser-known films I love
society it's just the chat die rich what
are your expectations for Star Trek
beyond low but low I think it's gonna be
better than the last one probably it
looks from what I've heard and what it
looks like it looks I mean it might have
some dumb action in it but it looks like
more of a Star Trek II type story but
we'll see I'm expecting a dumb action
movie but I guess as long as it's
coherent it wasn't be a step above the
last one it was written by Simon Pegg
and he gives a shit yeah exactly
did you ever see after that first
trailer hit there's like an interview
with Simon Pegg on some red carpet yeah
and he looks so embarrassed by that
trailer oh really he looks so
man in embarassed just being like that's
not it guys that's nothing yeah well
that's what basically you said in that
interview but yeah he looks horribly
embarrassed by that trailer
loner art Conn says his mic doing okay I
worry for his liver from all the
drinking no god yeah you know you see
him drinking in one or two videos every
month that must mean he drinks all the
time it's true and he could not be
playing it up for camera what he's doing
on camera that's what he does all the
time yeah yeah exactly he does that 24
hours a day
he's fine he's fine everybody's fine oh
I mean we all hate each other that's
another thing too you're always mad at
each other believe it or not we play
things up for camera what rich did not
actually take a shot of Dan Akroyd vodka
I'm sorry to crush all your dreams I
don't believe you that's a lot of people
dreams there's a whole subculture of
people wanting me to drink it's really
true yeah it's a weird thing with some
people if they know someone that doesn't
drink they just want to keep egging them
on why bother
nice to get that a lot when I was
younger and I didn't drink in general
which film had assists tired sad in
general which film had more contempt for
its source material and audience
reaction Batman versus Superman or
ghostbusters you know what that's an
interesting question I'm gonna say
ghostbusters has more contempt for their
audience based on yeah the reactions of
the cast and crew I think I think Batman
vs Superman doesn't understand its
audience yes well that's the thing is I
think I mentioned this in our discussion
and it got cut but at least with Zack
Snyder he was not calling out people
that said this isn't the Superman that I
like he wasn't calling him assholes so
yeah he's just doing his own thing
that's stupid but he's doing his own
thing Ghostbusters had contempt for the
audience man versus Man of Steel
Superman had contempt for its characters
yeah yeah yeah did not like Superman II
he clearly hates Superman
clearly hates Superman Ghostbusters very
specifically hates its audience hey
Cisco fan absolutely
also what chance does Big Trouble in
Little China have at being good I'm
assuming you're talking about the
upcoming the remake if they're still
making that I think they are I doubt it
at this point there's been so much
backlash
remakes happen as long as they keep
making money although this ghostbusters
they're trying to spin it as a success
but it's not doing great
the in love what a movie like this
doesn't do well and they just try and
pull out everything like it's still the
highest-grossing opening for a paul feig
movie like yeah but it's movies usually
cost half as much to bake and work that
high grossing yeah yeah this
Ghostbusters isn't doing well but
they're trying to spin it as a success I
don't know it's a big trouble little
China depend on who's making it if it's
anyone interesting directing it but it
probably won't be like what kind of new
take would you have on it and what kind
of new take would be better than the
take they had with yeah the wacky hero
for me it's not necessarily like with a
remake the word has to be better so much
as different enough where you can view
it as its own thing what do you even do
different though I have no idea I would
not even know where to begin
like that was my attitude going into the
Total Recall remake yeah it's like you
know Arnold's an over-the-top comic-book
character and I wanted to see that
material handed less like a comic book
like more with the question of whether
or not it's a dream being more plausible
is that what the remake did not really
okay I saw it and I literally don't
remember a single thing about it but I
thought you could do a different take
until recall and have a more serious
sci-fi yes yes but a downside of that is
Paul Verhoeven's craziness is sort of
what makes his movies interesting like I
wouldn't want to see a serious version
of Starship Troopers give me Arnold's
such an overtop over-the-top personality
well of course he's a super space secret
agent but if you just have some like
schlub in that title role it's a bit
more of a question yeah and that could
be interesting yeah yeah I don't
remember a single thing about that movie
isn't like I don't either it wasn't Kate
Beckinsale and some other blonde that
looks at what color is her hair to be
able to look exactly
like two women in it that looked exactly
alike that's all I remember
kate beckinsale is like getting from
lost what's her name oh no I wasn't
capable Anjali
I would I would tell them apart just
because I know Evangeline Lilly so well
from lost but no it was like I can't
remember who it was it escaped I could
say on someone else and I kept getting
them confused in the movie Jessica Biel
that's it
anam says hey Jack
hi Kirk Defense Force four point one
came out the other day on Steam it's a
third person shooter about shooting 50
sci-fi cliches and sometimes Godzilla
with excessive firepower for player
online co-op couch co-op oh that's
always important there's very little
couch co-op nowadays okay did we want to
play
we wanted to play crapless we wanted to
don't starve
we wanted to play necropolis and don't
starve together to co-op games neither
with local co-op which means you can't
sit the same room and do it you have to
be different computers and connect
through the internet yeah Wow I see yes
we need some more couch colors to be
first split screen is not my favorite
way to play a game sure but it should be
an option
anonymous says I want my money back
okay frowny face seven money I don't
know whatever they donated probably
another tip I didn't read because it had
something to do Leslie Jones and
roundabout way and I didn't want to step
in the shit well I'm guessing they're
joking if they've paid more to say I
want my money back yeah there's there's
one two I skipped yeah yeah yeah that's
you know I think that's a smart call so
DeBerg Bowen says Jay Jude that's it
that's awesome thanks for turning me on
to bones wait did I go to have to scroll
up here I think I I might have gotten
misplaced cuz that's the exact same
coming don't mind you messed up
you froze it in slightly differently
because this is any other lesser known
films you'd like to recommend
essentially a different comment it just
starts off like the exact same I think
long time they mention bone tomahawk
happiness in society Jay here's the
whole thing Jay that's turning down to
bone tomahawk and happiness they don't
say society okay both were great
Isis society as well it was interesting
so there's nearly the exact same
commissar is this the same person uh it
was seven of Borgnine yes no that's
weird
I think this has taken me a while too oh
man that just that after herbs like
before you got around to rewrite and
reading it yeah no um oh boy there's so
many smaller films
look I'm backlogged with the comments I
could I could speed through them all and
then we don't discuss any of them and
further detail or we could just go like
I'm doing we're just gonna go how it
doing he'll go how we're doing here's an
obscure one I would recommend it's been
on my mind lately there's a german movie
called dare fan from the 80s that i was
thinking about after seeing neon demon
cuz I think maybe Nicolas winning
roughen has seen that film as well
without spoilers for neon demon there's
some some kind of similar elements but
their fan is an interesting German movie
if you can find a copy it's on blu-ray
and I'm calling a dare fan because
otherwise I'd be calling it the American
titled the fan and then he would just
think of the wesley snipes movie it did
make me think of dusts off
thus does boot douzo I always had a
seafood estimate lots of lots of simple
German titles yeah bran 89 says hey guys
I hope you are all well love your stuff
Jay would you play any other horror
games question mark sure it would depend
on the game maybe Halloween time I'll
play a spooky the spooky Halloween game
they liked it when you played the
outlast and there will there's that
Halloween game that they're making the
Friars 13th game right well that'd be
out by Halloween time probably no but
you know oh no and that will be either
speaking of spooky games I don't know if
you saw the news that they just opened
up a Kickstarter for the Evil Dead board
game oh I did see that yeah so I told
the back then yeah so we could play the
Evil Dead board game yeah you know they
just backed up production though so it's
not coming out till next year have you
seen the trailer for ash vs. Evil Dead
Season 2 it's not like a short one
there's a full trailer now having felt
like yesterday or today oh it looks fun
the trailers commercial it looks fun the
trailers set to Motorhead - Ace of
Spades I was like oh Evil Dead Gor set
the Motorhead that's great yeah Ted
Raimi shows up it was good adam says hey
guys that's very sorry I've been very
confused over who which character I've
been because like one is a blonde girl
and one is a black bald man now look at
the avatars on-screen neither of which
are blonde girl so I've been constantly
getting them you know you get the little
arrow over their head yeah but there's a
lot of shit going on on this screen you
can say that's that's kind of like
classic XCOM but they had like 8
kilobytes of memory to work with
it shouldn't be an issue here and so
I've been I've been constantly fucking
up which guy want to send where because
the avatars sucks
sorry gone with yeah now says hey guys
love the stream watching over many
months now here is a question what is
your guys favorite Bloodhound Gang song
because we're all such dye heard
Bloodhound Gang fans
I like the Bloodhound Gang lap dance is
always better with Brian it's such a
horrible song but it's very funny yeah
yeah let's probably mine too I don't
have a lot of love for the Bloodhound
Gang I know I listen to when I was
younger I trying to think of what songs
I even remember by them yeah I don't
even know anymore
right tender juicy Shack mate says yo yo
yo guys is from MTV raps apparently it's
horribly dated yourself I know I did Wow
rich Jay you've mentioned that you like
cabin fever are you a fan of the hostel
films you know I am a lot of people shit
on those movies I think they're kind of
interesting people just say they're like
saw type movies but I think there's a
little more going on especially the
second one I actually like that one
quite a bit I haven't watched them in a
really long time and what do you think
about the term torture / porn
thank you for providing awesome content
mmm the term bother you yeah it doesn't
bother me I don't use it to describe any
movies really but is it the same thing
as like body horror
what does torture porn is like this was
like the early 2000s Bush administration
there's lots of torture on the news so I
see the movies that came out as sort of
a reflection of that and sometimes
directly sometimes indirectly but uh I
would call the Saw movies torture porn
because that's literally all they are at
least some of the ones that I've seen
maybe not the first one but those
sequels those saw sequels they are just
like obnoxious torture scenes the Saw
movies I think there's a little more
going on as far as them commenting on
the way the u.s. views other countries
and the the value of a person's life and
all this stuff so I I don't mind hostile
and hostile to people complain about the
obnoxious characters and hostile but
that's kind of the point
yeah completely unfamiliar with its
that's me none of us says J I also
watched Society recently thanks to you
hi there I'm so glad I'm getting people
to watch this movie okay I feel like
nobody had heard of it until somewhat
recently I watched it on cable as a kid
I think you already answered this
earlier any other movies that you would
recommend that you have that are great
like society or just movies movies that
you recommend that are great if you have
no prior knowledge of them Oh
specifically Oh The Sixth Sense but that
that cats kind of odd yeah six cents or
like from dusk till dawn but everybody
knows those movies
what's was twisting dusk till dawn well
the first half is like a Tarantino
gangster movie and then the vampires
don't show up spoilers
I suppose that was like an app that was
kind of hard to like avoid with like the
advertisement was kinda like sure I wish
they would have promoted it just as like
a new Tarantino yeah gangster thing cuz
my dad didn't know anything about it
Emory's like I was watching this movie
on cable and it was pretty interesting
for the first half and then it just got
terrible he didn't know that it turned
into like a slack vampire thing see
that's that's interesting cuz I watched
that I had full knowledge yeah of what
vampire well this yeah the promotional
materials is in there so um oh boy a
German movie I mentioned earlier dare
fan
they're very good what if you didn't
yeah don't look anything up on it it
goes to some places you might not expect
oh I see someone the chat mentioning
Miracle Mile that's a good one too don't
read anything up on Miracle Mile just
watch it
I'm actually familiar with that one too
it was it was put out on blu-ray
recently I'd never seen it until maybe a
year or two ago it's really really good
nonnamous says could the three of you do
a brief improv scene Rich's Batman
jackass Alfred J is Harley Quinn no no
no sorry
blue blaze says one other question have
you seen the Hitchhiker's Guide to the
galaxy movie or read the books I think
both are really good sci-fi and the
movie goes in its own interesting door
interesting direction
I love the books hate the movie I saw
the movie in the theater I don't
remember a thing about it I know Sam
Rockwell was in it I think that's all I
remember
here's here's here's what I have to say
about the movie Karen huge Hitchhiker's
Guide to the galaxy fan she's the reason
I read the books yeah I know I know
people love that look book I've never
read it
from the time I've first met her she was
a huge she check his guide to the galaxy
fan huge fan she fell asleep during the
movie yeah well the movie just sort of
truncates everything right to the point
where it's almost pointless you don't
even really remember honestly that's
what I remember people complaining about
but I yeah I don't remember a thing
about that movie they turn Arthur dead
and the more of like a heroic character
and in the books he's just kind of like
the schlub who's along for the ride yeah
it's very out of place mmm
they turn Zaphod into a complete moron
when he's actually really kind of smart
selfish dick butt is this Sam Rockwell
appeared in the movie two headed too
many yeah yeah who for convenience
reason says one head in the movie for
the most part due to budgetary
limitations of how much they could do
the two head thing
that's not what I wanted you to do it's
not what I wanted you to do
this biddy has too much weight and I
don't know why I had no issues with mah
Steph is for it perfect or prefect well
that's right he was in that movie yeah
don't my head I always pictured Eric
Idle in that role for no particularly
great reason well it's it's British
humour yeah I think I associate the
books with people that also really were
into Monty Python sure which I actually
avoided Monty Python for the longest
time cuz the Nerds that I knew in high
school that really into it were really
obnoxious about it
and Monty Python's hilarious but it's
one of those things or the fan base kind
of turns you off for a while I think
most def is a fine actor what else has
he done was he in that be kind rewind
movie yeah it was pretty good he's also
a pretty pretty decent rapper you ever
hear a quiet dog bite hard I don't think
so shit shit man it's gonna it's gonna
fuck up your word word word no seriously
word why why dogs bite hard okay
seriously word I don't know what I'm
doing I have a ghost situation
now that says rich have you played
turn-based reddit strategy video game
Panzer General - no I have not
J have you seen soviet film come and see
have you no okay Jack Bob Jack did your
kids get even with the kid that stole
the pokemons hat
I don't think I'm not a kid steal the
Pokemon head no it's just lost kids lose
shit okay no one else stole the Pokemon
had it's just not in our house anymore
which happens some someone sent in a
Pokemon had an ash and ash ketchum had
okay and my eight-year-old saw that and
was like this is my hat now that's fine
it's for kids and he wore it all the
time what's cool word every word
everywhere and then just one day I was
like okay let's go we're going for a
walk get your hat
where's your where's your hat oh yeah
that happens I wouldn't I wouldn't I
wouldn't be surprised if we're stolen he
could have putted it down at school
somewhere I've got no idea it's just no
longer with us that's what kids do they
lose things kids lose shit all the time
have you done anything in this game I
feel like I've been on this screen
forever it's not really paying attention
though somehow this lady is over her
carry capacity and I don't know how
because she's been carrying the same
three things for the entire game mm-hmm
and so you're tired every time or
something maybe I wait cursed
oh she's cursed whatever that means
where does it say that right over there
name oh there you go
so that's probably it
so I've just this is a very it's been
going very slowly if you're tired of
this we can always switch to something
else yeah let me yeah let me just sell
I'll continue I'll continue okay a
little bit you gotta find out there's a
ghost I'm hunting hunting um goes on
busting HM busting ghosts
Lenora Khan says jjak enriched bottle
your favorite director personally asked
you to remake one of his/her movies
which movie would it be and how would
you make it different from the original
I wouldn't yeah that's my answer he said
your least favorite director then we
might have something yeah there you go
I'm not sure who my least favorite
director would be what about just any
any old straight-up movie you'd like to
remake um Animus shit about that no I
don't give a shit enough either you know
what I think really deserves another
shot and don't laugh the Phantom I don't
know enough about the face all day Alec
Baldwin based off of the old I was about
to save Billy Zane but that's the other
one no Billy Zane was the Phantom Alec
Baldwin was the shadow the shadow fuck
is everything you know that's what I'm
thinking of because of course they came
they came out right around the same time
and I love both of them I love both of
those movies way too much the shadow the
shadow could use and I hate that I'm
about to say this this shadow could use
a gritty reboot
you're allowed to believe that Jack like
a nice dark noir detective story with
some supernatural mystical shit going on
we could deal with that
what about rebooting the Ghostbusters
reboot okay we do that is it too late
too late they're already planning a
sequel even though the first one didn't
make any money that's all talk they were
also play were doing better man expanded
universe yeah give it a little more time
now give it give it till tomorrow when
everyone's done talking about
yeah maybe now I'm talking about it now
if it wasn't for all the horrible shit
surrounding us that's true that's true
the shadow was the shadow was not good
let's I've never saw the shadow or the
phantom you should you need to see the
phantom it's ridiculous that's Billy
Zane and like purple spandex spandex
riding a horse through down
New York beautiful it's fucking
beautiful and the shadow is Alec Baldwin
with like a gigantic nose under a mask
for some reason it's terrible it's
wonderful it's wonderful I I saw it was
years ago someone made a doe fan fan
film of course someone made a shadow fan
and not even a fan film you know it's
like a five minute Internet video and it
was so low budget like they shot it in
their like college dorm room you could
tell okay but just that was so good like
the handles like some of the things his
character did like the shadow character
did so well I was like I want a good
shadow movie mm-hmm so at the shadow not
the Phantom the shadow is the movie that
I want a gritty reboot oh okay
I got very confused yes because I called
it the Phantom yes yes the the Lu said
you got something confused I think you
said the Alec Baldwin movie The Phantom
yeah right so you talked about the Alec
Baldwin film The Phantom is that the one
you want to remake oh no oh no you wanna
make the remake the Billy Zane movie The
Phantom I want to remake the Billy Zane
TV show 30 rock the shadow deserves a
gritty reboot
I want a gritty reboot of shit okay well
the shadow goes back earlier than just
that movie - cuz I was the old radio
serial yeah Highlander is a great
concept I've never been able to watch
the whole movie yeah very it starts and
it's like wrestling and Queen and I'm
like no which is why I'm posing no oh no
that's your nope yep
not the not the hour of boring middle
the wrestling and Queen I never got much
farther than that I know there was like
an opening fight in a parking lot that
was shot poorly I never was able to
watch that movie because I thought it
just looked like crap I do have an
answer though I think not favor maybe
not favorite filmmaker but one of my
favorite filmmakers is George Romero I'd
love to do a good version of land of the
dead ah I was so excited for land of the
dead
I love the concept but it's so
ham-fisted and poorly done there's a lot
of elements in it that I like I don't
hate it
but I would love to see a good version
of land of the dead so that would be my
choice for remake oh that's very nice
I'm sticking the Highlander I aligned it
was a good choice because that's what
you want to remake is a movie that maybe
wasn't great but has potential its
potential to be better yeah yeah I like
I like Highlander
I'd like that as an answer Highlander it
would still have to be Christopher lamb
bears the lead though what I don't know
why not he's like 70 now just haven't
played the role whatever it's Sean
Connery out of retirement he wasn't in
the first one was he yeah yeah I think
is okay he's got a bigger part in the
second one which is supposed to be a
disaster right oh it's a it's it's like
watching it's like watching money fall
for a gray even they released like
multiple edits of it and it just doesn't
matter it's so terrible I've never seen
any version of it I did see the third
one with Mario Van Peebles as the
villain Mario Van Peebles I'm taking a
stand-up bathroom break okay good oh my
god dr. J seven six six in the chat I'm
just answer this real quick is J and
Jack are gonna have shit to say about it
I wasn't that big fan of Jedi Academy I
don't like the main character I
preferred the one that came before it
Jedi Outcast
it's my short answer I didn't like
playing his generic Mick boring face but
I wanted to play as the badass from the
previous games what else we got oh my
god
not a sense hey guys thank you for
hundreds of hours of entertainment I'm a
big Lynch fan and I'm wondering if Jays
ever read Ebert's review of blue velvet
and what he thinks about it if he has
thanks I think I've read it I know I've
seen the video clip of him and Siskel
talking about it and I hate to say he
didn't get it but I just don't think he
got it whoever wasn't flawless no Ebert
had really shitty views when it came to
like horror films and blue Phelps not
really a horror movie but him and and
they had like a like a crusade to stop
like slasher movies yeah like they hate
at all the Friday the 13th movies it's
like not that they're great movies but I
mean they thought they were like harmful
to society and I remember I think it was
Ebert that was saying about blue velvet
that it was really exploiting Isabella
Rossellini but then she's like no I
agreed to be in the movie I knew what
the fuck they're all called for so no
one was getting exploited I think he
burnt like to step in and and kind of
try and speak for people that he thought
were being taken advantage of when that
wasn't the case at all yeah no I like
Ebert in general but it certainly didn't
agree with him all the time
Robocop 2 review and for whatever other
problems Robocop 2 has oh yeah he was
upset about the kids he was learning
about the swearing yeah that's kind of a
similar situation where it's like and
there's a kid swearing yeah there's a
kid swearing that's the point fucked up
the world is right but he just thought
it was what exploitive offensive yeah
yeah yeah Ebert he's so weird he could
be so overly conservative on some things
but then he'll give like Rob Zombie's
The Devil's reject like four stars which
is one of the most like vile and
sadistic mainstream releases in recent
years that he gave it a good review cuz
it was well made I don't know I don't
know I don't know about no Ebert usually
or that either god bless him shadow
elite 5 says oh wait wait before I go on
with something somehow David Lynch is
gonna oh sorry I bet any news on the new
twin pieces that still
it's shot the whole thing it's shot no
does a TV show it's gonna be on show
time next year okay okay
18 episodes I believe cuz he started
talking about like two years ago right
well it got held up because Showtime
wasn't gonna give him the budget that he
wanted yeah yeah everything he almost
walked he did walk and they got him back
thankfully cuz I think they were gonna
do it without him which would have been
a huge mistake but then he came back and
yeah I believe it's completely done
shooting now I just bring it up David
Lynch reminded me that I haven't heard
anything about that in ages and hey no
food I can't wait I can't wait twenty
bucks
some something to look forward to Twitty
pimps revival of an old thing that I
actually think has a lot of potential
hit or miss man it's gonna be hit I'm
the utmost faith you think I would know
better than to get excited for anything
anymore but the fact that is David Lynch
and the fact that he doesn't give a fuck
about doing anything he doesn't want to
do is a big factor in it I have a lot of
I have a lot of faith in David Lynch
shadow Elite 5 says rich I must applaud
you for your willpower to not drink I
alone do not drink either and society
constantly pressures you stay sober
here's an extra dollar and proud and
proud red letter media fan it's not a
man it's like I never even felt pressure
she's like I'm not not going to yeah
yeah we never pressure you this is
jokingly Mike Mike put the heat on me
once with remember when the Milwaukee
Film Festival was going on and you two
had some kind of appearance there and
there was an ad for it that we ran and
Mike oh yeah and he said children bother
to join Byron there's this the fuck with
you though and what's the fucking man
it's very successful this people can buy
me drinks I had to awkwardly not drink
them yeah I remember that and that was
that was less to pressure you to drink
and more just just as like just to fuck
with you okay it worked
Mesirow says thanks for doing what you
do guys you're welcome solo 56 7 J I did
not watch society oh you're missing out
man
yeah you should watch society get it but
don't read anything about it beforehand
just watch it but I did watch green room
oh yeah I will never look at house it
may be funky funk
oh maybe fume K what's her name unrest
of Diwali I will never look at maybe few
K the same way again now that neon demon
is out one of people saying is right up
your alley after neon demon cuz I was
the last one everyone was saying
anything I guess the wrong of is there a
new one that they're saying stranger
things I've been getting a lot which
I've already said is great so nothing
since then good is in the end even I
keep hearing a really good thing uh you
probably wouldn't like it okay
I loved it yeah I really liked it a lot
but yeah it's did you did you like drive
I did okay did you see only God forgives
I do not see that okay only God forgives
is way less accessible than Drive okay
and neon demon kind of falls right in
the middle of those two where there's
more of a clear-cut story and there's
more of a clear-cut uh understanding of
what's happening then there wasn't only
God forgives
I don't like drive where the story is
very simple but it's more about the way
the story is told but he gets pretty
fucked up it gets pretty fucked up oh my
enjoy things get fucked up we'll see I
might give that a try I liked it a lot i
Elle Fanning is really really great in
it and you know who's really good at is
Keanu Reeves Keanu Reeves has always
just Keanu Reeves and everything but
he's the least Keano
I've ever seen in the end even he just
plays the sleazy motel owner and he's
really good he kind of steals the movie
in the few scenes he's in what do you
know you didn't like Winona Ryder and
stranger things oh she sucks she's great
he's so over-the-top and shrill and not
know in a good way
no one says J I've learned more from
your editing style than I did it for
years at UWM UW Milwaukee Bob to make a
feature and I couldn't have done it
without our L M as a whole also kill me
I'm making a feature at least at least
you understand the misery you're getting
into respect for anybody who makes
future yeah even if it sucks yeah if you
get one finish that's that's a feed you
are in one point for having made a
feature yeah
well good for you for sticking with UW
Milwaukee if you were there for the
entire time that you went to school what
do you what do you think about learning
from schools most learning by just
examples sing gums i well one I think it
depends on the school yeah UW Milwaukee
maybe their film department is different
now but when I went there it was it was
horrible so I don't know I I think I
would have been better off going to
Columbia like going to school that is
more about the technical side of it and
less about trying to tell you how to be
creative because that doesn't work yeah
well they want you to express yourself
but you have to express yourself this
very specific way and that was the
frustrating part of going to UW
Milwaukee but this was a while ago now
so I don't maybe the department has
changed and all the equipment was
horribly outdated it was so it was
useless for me I learned way more after
I stopped going there I shot for feature
films in the span of like three years
and they weren't good and you'll never
see them but I did it and I learned way
more doing those and I did going to eat
up your walkie so I think I think it
depends on the school you go to and it
depends on what you're going there for I
mean if you just want access to
equipment you know to learn editing or
learn how to you know do lighting or
whatever I think it's it's valuable the
basics yeah the fundamentals
none of this quick update Jack what's
your top Pokemon I have but before I
look let's see if I can remember someone
asked me earlier I have caught 52 unique
Pokemon I currently have like 77 Pokemon
but a lot of them are doubles I've
caught like three oh you've been doing
it huh I downloaded it just cuz I was
like I wanna see what this is about
yeah this is kind of fun like I'm not
super into it or anything but I think
the what is it augmented reality I think
that has a lot of potential for other
things and is it just fun just kind of
walking around like oh yeah there we
like the fact that you're interacting
you know on your phone is it's almost
like it's in the real world it's kind of
neat super name I'm not gonna play a lot
of it but just as a technology I think
there's a lot of interesting and
creative potential I'm playing the fuck
out of it I do have a Kadabra which is
pretty high up there and I have a vapor
on the the water type that Eevee evolves
as I play pokemon with the Girt the
greatest thing is like you know I'll go
on walks with my boys and they love it
yeah
they have never like voluntarily gone on
more walks well that's the other
positive thing about is it seems to be
getting a lot of people walking around
and being active that's great and
fucking everyone in our neighborhood is
playing everybody's playing it you just
walk you see you see all the people like
that's good but at the same time it's
kind of sad that it takes this app to
get people to go I it's it works as long
as it's working yeah something no and
it's like like the other day this guy
covered in tattoos kind of like yellow
stained teeth like he's a smoker like he
overhears us talking just me and my
eight-year-old or walking around and
he's like dude there is a squirtle right
around the corner and Park is like we
gotta get that squirtle and he say fuck
he said and so then like you know he's a
sociable case like what Pokemon have you
caught a sudden like we're just talking
with this stranger about Pokemon he
could have been
method for all I know you know he's a
neighbor and so it's just like hey I
will talk about Pokemon for a little bit
and everybody had a great time
that's awesome great just trying to get
personal information from your phone
right where do you keep your credit card
information in here yeah
oh it's cuz I'm the wrong fucking guy oh
I fucking hate this and since Jay
mentioned Sam Rockwell's ever see Seven
Psychopaths
I really enjoyed Seven Psychopaths ma
stuff is good did HBO movie with Alan
Rickman hmm oh I have not seen Seven
Psychopaths I've heard a bit hopefully
everyone has already listened to quiet
dog bite hard what is that that's the
most Epsilon
no no if that's and that might not be
what's called
quiet song bark no quite oak bite
hardened as what it is I don't know fuck
it oh it's a Ripper it's a fucking
Ripper all right all right sorry
mos def okay um just as guy Eunice's my
daughter will not go to sleep still
waiting on stranger things what is the
best Bruce Willis movie and why is it
twelve Monkeys or die hard it's die hard
it's not hard twelve Monkeys is a good
movie but the best Bruce Willis movie is
die hard I put I put um six cent second
good yeah that's a good movie I I have
not seen twelve Monkeys I think since it
came out oh really good movie
I'm sure I mean I haven't seen in a long
time either but I like that terry
gilliam well sometimes well I'm just
trying to think of other better Bruce
Willis movies I mean I movies he was in
it wasn't really the star like like pulp
fiction oh sure yeah I don't know if I
would call that a Bruce Willis movie
yeah Sin City I I love it
I'd have to rewatch it I've not seen it
in the longest time that's my kind of
camp and I hate Chris Tucker so much in
that movie I'm with you I'd need to
re-watch it I probably should watch yeah
I think it's on Netflix million Jovovich
even the white thing that's all you need
to know he's in the white thing it's
great like that Mila Jovovich she's fine
um she's fine is what I meant to say I
think it's under it wasn't
flicks fifth Elliman if it's so on there
may be already watch it they just added
a bunch of like classic 80s stuff
recently like all the Lethal Weapon
movies and all the Back to the Future
movies
yeah it's added a bunch of stuff hen zou
says yeah I love having J on stream you
guys ever watch The Walking Dead TV show
or read the comics opinions keep it on
you lovely hacks it's a strange one for
me
The Walking Dead show because I love the
classic Romero zombie films yeah
I I love that that concept I've seen the
pilot episode of The Walking Dead and
it's the best zombie movie I've ever
seen but I don't know why I've never
gone out of my way to watch the rest of
the show yeah it's the strangest thing I
should have been dying to watch more but
I never got around to it I agree with
you about I wouldn't say the first the
pilot is the best zombie movie ever but
it's one of the best zombie Yang's ever
um I watched the entire first season I
was bored as fuck by the time I got to
the end of the first season so I never
bothered with the rest of it Jack that's
fair I'm current I'm up to date on the
Walking Dead TV show I've never read any
of the comics and it's had its ups and
downs I've mentioned this several
several times season 2 of The Walking
Dead is a chore I always hear yeah
I think season one starts off super
strong and then slowly goes down and
season two is a fucking tour after that
though well season two was it during or
right before they started production of
it that they got rid of Frank Darabont
because I think I'm assuming that has a
large part to do with why it started to
suck so bad the it was before it became
popular it Walking Dead didn't become
popular until the first season ended up
on Netflix yeah and then everybody
watched it and fell in love with it but
at the time they were filming season two
they didn't have a budget and so instead
of making it this roaming adventure they
said let's all stay on this farm for a
whole fucking season I don't know I
don't know if frankly everyone was still
involved but hey I don't know it all
he was kind of forced out but they just
stayed on the fucking farm yeah I hope
season two and but then by the time
season three rolls around it was super
popular so everyone was excited to see
season three and they they gave money
you get humped in some more money and
then it gets really good and then this
one kind of waved off wait for it off
again you know why cuz they've been
fucking in the same place for all season
though again gee I wonder what the
problem is gotta move you gotta move so
I I think it's had its ups and downs I
think they're like season almost maybe
season 4 but seasonally I'm oh Jesus I
want to say they're going into season
six that sounds right but I honestly
don't know I can't I don't keep track of
stuff like that
whatever season they were they were in
the prison it's just fucking amazing
no they they might be going into season
seven oh my god they've had some amazing
episodes if you can get through that
season two they've had some amazing
episodes someone on the chat sinks seven
so Wow
okay I do think it's pretty cool that
there's a very popular mainstream show
that has violent zombie gore and hahaha
my mom watches The Walking Dead that's
pretty fucking cool yeah it might not be
for me I might think it's boring but
that's kind of neat yeah
like it's so popular it has a talk-show
dedicated that airs exactly like right
after the show right you can watch the
show and then watch people talk about
the show right after the show is over
yeah that's fucked up
that's fucked up none of us says that
might get the mr. Plunkett and Bambi
subplot from a lap dance is so much
better when the stripper is crying that
hack uh was that the name of the
stripper and that song Bambi I think so
no it might be it might have been
something that was just in the back of
his brain somewhere but I don't think it
was an intentional reference what does
joseline does your character have a name
no that's not that's when a plane gets
ex-wives
his name Bambi oh that's right it's just
like an offhand joke in one of the
reviews I don't even remember but I I
don't think it's any sort of intentional
reference I think that's one of mine oh
really
yeah I don't remember one of your jokes
I mean started off that way okay who
knows like bouncing ideas off yeah it
was like oh they're you know who should
play it's like replacement wife should
be and instead of like the hot young one
I just I just like I would just like
like something up something low-class
that evolved into the Bambi okay yeah I
never noticed this little ghosty hanging
out on the edge of the frame here that's
that's just great
he's picking it I'm okay with this game
yeah there's not a lot happening but I
got it on sale and it was like eight
bucks and so I'm okay with that so the
song wasn't the inspiration so much as
it was just the opposite of a trophy
wife like that's the easy thing kill the
wife then you get the hot young new I
said it's an crack addict it desperately
needs some car upgrades I think this is
where we go for the car upgrades I don't
know about the blue blaze says last
question after the success of space cop
you huge do you think the next rlm movie
will be what rich proposed and the best
of the worst with the jar a movie about
a guy trying to escape a pretentious
student film oh yeah forget about that
I'm gonna say probably not but I guess
you don't know yeah I'm not thinking
about another feature right now I think
I think a little while somebody at one
point asked me for permission to use
that idea did you tell them no said it's
just you know what if you make a million
dollars I'm 110 percent there you go
yeah so I'm getting a cut that's all I
care about
do you have this in writing
III think I have it an audio recording
okay so we did a interview with actually
oh okay yeah all right guys need
uniforms
none of us says hello gentlemen and rich
god sent you that best of the worst
slash Simpsons print a while ago
wondering where that ended up how it's
hanging uh and this in the hallway of
her building we have it framed it's
beautiful thank you for setting that
yeah yeah it's a lovely piece lovely
piece thanks for sending a question what
is your 14th favorite Simpsons episode
fourteen favor 14th favorite Oh God
what's the water balloon battle against
Nelson Vermont's then that's the 14th
favorite
yeah it's lower than that the BART is
general Pittman there's been there's
been 600 that doesn't make the top 14
what would your top episode period be
would be number one
monorail I was gonna say monorail
monorail Frank Rimes it's pretty good
it's been so long since I've watched any
of the Simpsons that I have a hard time
remembering yeah yeah cuz most of them I
have not seen since they originally
aired the treehouse before with the
time-traveling toaster is a great one oh
yeah that's a good one a lot of the
early tree house of horrors are pretty
good
oh god Hank Scorpio yes yes well that's
another thing that Netflix just added
recently is all of Albert Brooks's
movies oh speaking of Frank Scorpio have
you seen your life I just watched that
the other day I had never seen it before
it's really good it's jolly charming
yeah I want to rewatch lost in America
that's on there and then there's some of
his stuff I've never seen I like that
Albert Brooks he's got a real gentle
tone to his comedies they're not really
abrasive or
overbearing mm-hmm yeah defending your
life is really good
captain skills says would you redo the
second and third Matrix films also guess
I'm over eight years late but Congrats
on being a father Jack thank you
it's a boy it's been a boy great fucking
years you know you'd have to completely
rewrite those Matrix sequels do you need
The Matrix sequels no no that's my
response you don't need them I I really
thought that the twists in the second
one was interesting not worth a whole
movie of course what twist the the twist
of that the the one neo the one was
actually a plant okay I'm not saying
he's good I'm just saying like oh that
one little nugget was kind of
interesting kind of turning the first
movie on attack okay but I like the
first movie I don't want to see it
turned on its head yeah try new stuff
that thing you like yeah it's completely
invalid now motherfucker okay if you're
going to do that you need to be
incredibly incredibly clever about it
and you need to do it in a way that is
also satisfying okay and the matrix did
not accomplish that that is true
you can subvert expectations all you
want but if it's not in a way that's
interesting or satisfying on its own
then it's a failure I can be with you
gremlins two is one of the most
subversive sequels ever made and it's
also brilliant maybe I need to rewatch
that with adult eyes and they'd love
gremlins to so much when I was younger I
really see I like I like dark humor I
don't your comedy chair I love the tone
of the first one yeah and obviously the
second one shits all over the head but
it doesn't in such a joyous way
doesn't such a Looney Toons in Turkey
spirit way that it works madam says rich
you sexy bitch
what have you been doing looks like
you've been dropping the lbs lately is
it cocaine it's probably cocaine there's
$5 faux cocaine yes that doesn't get you
a whole lot of cocaine huh and maybe
you've never bought cocaine before but
that's not gonna get you very far I've
been in general more active riding my
bike more walking more I really playing
pokemon goes great very soon okay very
soon the diet's gonna start because I
said you know when Karen gets up here
well no worries we're doing the diet
thing so we'll see what happens after
that
Berto Cabbage Patch says J you haven't
talked much about Mulholland Drive what
are your thoughts on the movie it was my
first DL viewing experience and it
really turned me on to his stuff yeah
that's one of his best movies not like
Mulholland Drive a lot DL is David Lynch
not download it was my first download
movies first the first movie a torrent
it really why would you tell people that
if you lie especially if you liked it
there's no shame
yeah Mulholland Drive is one of the best
examples if you're trying to show
someone a David Lynch movie that is a
quintessential David Lynch movie by
jects my matrix cells don't know what to
write um hello Jay have you been also
have you ever watched a fresh horror
movie called L&T; oh inside from 2007 oh
yeah I've seen inside it's been a while
I know it's a pregnant woman and it's
like a home invasion thing and they're
trying to cut out her baby I think I
remember liking it but I have not seen
it in a very long time I just remember
it was part of that that early 2000s
like French extreme there's lots of
really graphic French horror movies like
high tension and martyrs and shit like
that I think I have it on DVD I would
need to re-watch it and I think it's a
Christmas movie too a crazy Christmas
French horror movie I'm not trying to
rip out someone's baby alright so I'm
gonna say that if I rewatched it I would
probably really like it but I don't
remember it very well
when small-ball says if you guys ever
heard of the game broforce funny funny
simple shooter you play every 80s and
90s action hero even the female ones
seems like a great J game I think it's
super dumb super dollar Superdome in a
good way or bad way
it's it's funny like so it's it's like
contra you know it's side-scrolling jump
guys and you shoot stuff right but like
hyper action and every hero gets a
clever bro nickname so instead of Rambo
it's rambro who plays that and or you
can play as command bro and bro okay or
what'swhat's it oh god what's his name
from umbrella probably is in there the
bros I'd imagine Legolas oh no I don't
think the Braavos is I'm trying to think
of other ones now but and so the joke
worse then pretty easily and the levels
aren't that special the man with bro
name nice so it's yeah I did not think
very much of it it's it's you know what
it would be it would it would make for a
really fun like 1 hour stream we don't
joke it's old matter like something else
now yeah
what I wanted him tired Sansa's hey Jay
I finally saw John wick it's the most
competently made Neal Breen film ever
made
I wasn't anything like a neoprene movie
also why do you think Kevin Smith block
you guys on Twitter I don't know I
didn't even know how long we've been
blogs just blocked on Twitter yeah and
it's funny cuz he could have he could
have done that years ago like maybe he
didn't like they were making fun of the
prequels I have no idea but we mentioned
it in the extended version of the first
episode of review we just off handedly
mentioned it and so suddenly people were
like tweeting at him like why did you
block roll under media and he probably
hasn't thought about it in years yeah
so I don't know maybe yeah maybe didn't
like that we made fun of cop-out in some
blanket review I have no idea yeah
whatever
yeah I'm not losing sleep over it I'm
not sure why he would block us it's not
a big deal I never even tried to contact
him no no no we've never tried to talk
to him that's so weird
maybe he didn't like our negativity of
just as far as our attitude
it's talking about movies in general I
know who knows it's not a big deal don't
bother him about it I doubt he cares
didn't he used to make movies he still
makes movies really he hasn't movie
coming out this year that looks like the
worst thing ever
yo go that's coming from someone that
actually like tusks have you seen that
trailer jacker if I just talk to you
about it trailer yoga hoser it looks so
bad like shockingly bad naanum says as I
await an upcoming show on Netflix I
learn again to lower expectations as
some recent news about some creative
decisions made as well as the executive
producer being behind Terminator Genisys
makes me worried wait what show is he
taller I have no idea
Oh upcoming show on Netflix no no I
don't know what show you're talking
about that could be in anything
anonymous is Jay ever watched Japanese
movies that I know some sick filth you
might like yeah I know there's some
crazy Japanese movies I've seen some
Takashi Miike movies which I think are
Japanese
Tetsuo the Iron Man
no Tetsu or the Iron Man that's what
I've been meaning to see forever and I
just haven't seen it it gave the killer
itchy the killer itchy
that's Takashi Miike yes I've seen it
she the killer that's pretty fucked up
Tokyo gore police uh I saw Tokyo gore
police years ago really drunk so I don't
remember it very well and nine six for
Pinocchio that one I've never heard of

[Part II]
years ago really drunk so I don't
remember it very well and nine six for
Pinocchio that one I've never heard of
trash can man says great to be able to
catch you guys tonight have you guys
ever seen the 90s Brian Peck horror
masterpiece the willies
starring Lord of the Rings Sam wise and
salute your shorts donkey lips great
childhood stuff Lord of the Rings
Sam wise he will forever be Encino man
have you ever seen the willies I've seen
the willies I saw it on cable that you
actually used to play on cable and it's
sort of like an anthology horror thing
okay
you gonna let see it oh man and that's
you gotta go to Encino man sure sure
okay you have no love for Encino man I
haven't seen that movie it's one of the
very few movies we had growing up really
the only thing the only thing I love in
that female cave person comes out of the
water for two seconds you can kind of
see half a side boob that's why I like
trading places so much well that's not
side boob that no I was a full-on thing
man that's a big deal when you're a
little kid and you see myself on cable
let's watch that comedy movie that
comedy movie Trading Places let's watch
this one part of it oh why is the tape
all fucked up this one part G remember
when there was a thing when you were a
kid you had to watch like shitty sex
comedies to see nudity and now let's you
just have we just have Google it's all
you need yeah kids today are so spoiled
they don't even know you know who hasn't
caught up with that trend is like movies
yet they're still shoving tits in there
for no reason it matters yeah we don't
care about it said get over everyone
yeah I was something sort of like like
forbidden and and naughty when you were
a kid too you know see Revenge of the
Nerds or something no it doesn't matter
oh right right Jay when is the next quit
cuts you fuck
no probably never how we got and how we
got review which is better the idea
behind quick cuts was that it would be
whoever wanted to do one could do one
but I was the only one that was doing
them and so I was like oh I don't want
this to be the Jay show so we just
stopped and we decided to do review
instead I'm sorry
it doesn't matter sorry it didn't work
out yeah that's fine
review works better because then we can
have a conversation I didn't really like
doing quick cups anyway after you know
we did a couple to try it out but just
me talking to the camera it's not my
thing that's that's why I didn't like
doing Gamestation yeah exactly it was
similar to that or it's like it's better
to have a yak and for ya someone on says
guys would you say we are living in a
golden age of television and a dark age
of film yes yes is there hope for food
no there's hope for film Oh Star Wars
wasn't bad well sure fury road that was
kind of a couple years ago at this point
but that's been like my favorite movie
in the last 25 years oh sure I mean
there's always gonna be an occasional
good big movie and then there's always
gonna be shitty ones that are forgotten
about yeah like the same year I don't
know back of the future came out there
was probably 15 other horrible movies
that no one remembers well as Hollywood
is dying and it is let's all yeah let's
all just be on board with that it's
dying it's it's in the death throes
right now what's going to happen is this
lovely thing where we're going to return
to low-budget okto or driven project yes
but we already have those they're just
not getting a lot of attention right but
maybe as the big movie starts to die and
get more and more embarrassing those
will get more attention they will
they're already doing stuff like that in
major theater chains where they like
they have like special events where
they're doing limited release movies
well I saw neon demon at AMC really
which is one of the you know the biggest
theater chains in the country and Here I
am watching a movie with a really
graphic why don't I give a spoiler but a
scene that I was
very pleasantly surprised to see in an
AMC theater with finding Dory playing
next door
hahaha I love that things like that are
happening it's happening
Hollywood is dying and we should all
have be happy about yeah the problem is
that you might get the occasional good
movie like a fury road but that's not
technically like that was a passion
project from George Miller that wasn't
like a studio trying to bank on a known
name you'll occasionally get things like
that but it's more the the problem is
the behind the scenes stuff and what
movies are getting made and why they're
getting made and that's how you end up
with shit like the new Ghostbusters so
movies from 1982 alone 1982 82 is a good
year 84 was a good year I understand
Moe's Blade Runner the thing I know I
know
T but what holter Geist Star Trek to
Conan the Barbarian
Tron Fast Times at Ridgemont High that's
a great movie let's see
rowdy he's academy-award-winning Rocky
III Rambo first blood Halloween 3 yeah
it's fine but it's complete garbage it's
so stupid
that's a great movie Creepshow creatures
great Conde got the Dark Crystal
oh and then those are all like the great
ones you mean you got another what mine
was like a toy the opposite of Back to
the Future
what what what came out the same day you
know that future competing Ghostbusters
and gremlins came out on the same day
yeah that true yes that's fucked up
that's great alright now what was the
year you mentioned 1885 what was Back to
the Future competing with is what I want
to know 1985 movie
back to the future yeah the goon is 1985
well back to the future the Goonies
summer would open the same day though oh
the same day yeah what happened what
opened the same fucking day oh wait when
were you talking about Rambo we're we
talking about first blood or Rambo first
blood part 2
first blood first Oh first blood is
great okay I was singing a First Blood
Part two I was because he said Rambo and
that's not the title of first blood
Rambo is for superable first blood but
okay I guess that yeah that's how it
appeared okay no the original tie it was
just first yes
that's why I was thrown off cuz I was
thinking of Rambo : First Blood Part two
right that's the garbage one yeah
no Ram first blood is great first one is
a green coat Rambo first one now it is
in retrospect right but and then you get
to the third one and it's just called
Rambo 3 it's like there was no Rambo to
write that series as the first flood is
a great movie first blood is a great
great III mean we disagree on a lot of
movies but it was like Rambo not Rambo
can't disagree I'm Rambo first blood
near the movie or Rocky
yeah or there's a lot of Stallone
basically that we we can't disagree
clones done a lot of good movies for as
much of a laughingstock as he is
sometimes thought to be he's done a lot
of good movies mmm-hmm but what were we
talking about
Oh movies versus TV shows yeah we're in
it yeah we're in a time where TV they're
lettin craters do whatever they want
which we used to have in the movies back
in like the 70s like like stranger
things I think that's just we want to
make this thing a Netflix says here you
go it's but is that's a the other
glorious thing is it's not even TV like
we've bypassed TV and now it's Netflix
yeah exactly
we're gonna like you can find people
that'll let you do what you want it's a
prequel to what had American summer sure
did you see they're um they're comedians
show I forget what it's called where
they just gave like six comedians an
episode of the show and they said make a
character make an episode and it's an
anthology it's six Episode six different
comedian six different characters is on
the flip side of Netflix and I forget
someone tell me what it's called someone
it's it's just the strangest thing like
here's some funny people make something
I'm drawing blank in his name comedian
made his own sitcom no Louie Louie Louie
CK yeah oh yeah sure Louie's great but
it's like like the premium TV play
places are making great content now HBO
Showtime
stars yeah most aren't sure and Netflix
they're giving creators a lot of free
reign mmm we're in a golden era of prime
premium television not cousin even
regular television sucks but premium
television is where it's at yeah all
right Dan's the earlier question yeah
back to future looks like the only thing
that came out that day according to this
July 3rd it was back the future July 5th
two days later the emerald forest and
Red Sonja Reds Oh Sonia yes jr. you go
boom July 12 the next week Mad Max
Beyond Thunderdome oh Silverado and the
Explorers I have a fondness for the
Explorers but it's not a great movie
what oh then the next week after they're
probably still in theaters Back to the
Future the man with one red shoe classic
um the legend of Billy gene something
called Weatherby uh looks like an ET
rerelease reissue and they had the bed
no interesting so some very minor
competition yeah yeah but not nothing
point beam even if there aren't as many
good movies released every week now like
there was at that point there are still
there will always be good big movies oh
yeah you know they might be you know
fewer and farther between will continue
to get good big movies you just have to
wade through the crap uh 1985 had Back
to the Future The Goonies Rambo First
Blood Part 2 oh no The Breakfast Club
got the color purple rocky for weird
science view to a kill everybody at the
stand up timer just went off everybody
should just stand up show
chillin some I'm gonna get back on
psycho so I'm gonna stand up and stretch
my legs
Brazil Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome Fright
Night pee-wee's big adventure oh man
real genius Fletch the Year the Black
Cauldron st. Elmo's fire fire
National Lampoon's European vacation
witness Ladyhawke is that did John
Boorman direct that can you look that up
new directed Ladyhawke um is that John
Boorman I'm looking it up lady are
clicking on it Matthew Broderick Matthew
Broderick's and that a very very young
Matthew Broderick who's that who's the
male lead in that don't open the wrong
movie wait wait I clicked on it an open
info firm National Lampoon's European
vacation for some reason oh my god I can
do someone's got their wire crossed here
lady hawk lady hawk has a great
soundtrack oh I'm sure it's cheese he'll
central Richard Donner Richard Donner
director Richard Donner so he had
ladyhawk come out the same year as
Goonies apparently yes Wow that dude was
fucking busy Rutger Hauer yes
and they can only they could only meet
at desk Alfred Molina is apparently in
it each other
Matthew Broderick was the squire yeah he
was the young squire and Rutger Hauer
and Michelle Pfeiffer yep
Michelle Pfeiffer's the hawk was the
villain anybody noteworthy you're
looking I'm looking for Starr sir um a
full cast and crew Ladyhawke is the lady
hawk was so important at the time I want
to say they showed me that in school I
saw that in school in class yeah John
Wood
Alfred Molina was in it really yeah
got you ghost
madam says rich Evans is actually just
Chris Evans who made all the wrong life
choices oh thank you
JK I love you Richard
not JK i bought space cop you oh babe
what do we owe you
face cop you paid for space cop and we
gave you space cop if you receive space
cop then we owe you
that's how that works we owe you space
cop mama says I think I've asked this
before in chat but never heard the
response have you guys ever watched
orphan black and what do you think of it
I have no oh I've seen it I think it's
great what it's set the anthology that
had the pig fuckin no that's black
mirrors that's black mirror which which
is something you should see orphan black
is a different sci-fi show III won't
give too much away I can tell you it's
great yeah the the opening of the show
we were met with a our protagonist is a
young lady who's a bit of a con artist
right a bit of him down on her luck
scummy comic a con artist and she's at a
train station I think I know what this
is gonna be but yeah yeah gone and she
sees someone who looks exactly like her
her identical twin and her identical
twin steps in front of an oncoming train
yeah so she takes her identity okay
that's all like that's the first episode
of Psych and it yeah we kind of go
that's right really fun show and yeah I
die it's it's good I'm really looking
forward to the new season
sorry oh I did that right in the
microphone orphan black black mirror or
orange is the new orphan black mirror is
there a show that starts with mirror if
we're gonna play the game orange is the
new black orphan oh no orange is the new
orphan black mirror is that what's is
the is the ABC fantasy show come near me
or something
chats hang Mirror Mirror so there's a
show called Meera Meera great how do I
upgrade my fucking car that's all I want
in the world is to upgrade my stupid car
you don't you're stuck with it fucking
stuck with it no what do you think of
this game it's fine yeah it's it's
holding my attention it's it's very easy
right now okay
but obviously maybe there are maybe
they're hardly difficult no no I'm sure
what's up I'm sure it ramps up and it's
it's cute come it's I think it's
definitely worth the $8 that I spent on
it
I just want to upgrade my car and I want
to know how to upgrade my fucking car
Lee Lewis Linden says hey guys hi thanks
for all the entertainment I'll be
listening to the stream with my
girlfriend on our road trip up to
Seattle from Southern California have
you guys spent any time on the west
coast I one brief visit once a ben de la
a few times that's pretty much it I went
and was during the summer but it just
happened to be like a cold spell there
it was like rainy and fifty funded in
the two days I've been I've been all
over the west coasts I was that was
recently in San Francisco which was
beautiful and the bridge is awesome you
get to walk we walked across the Golden
Gate Bridge you walk across it yeah yeah
it was neat
it's a long walk but I'm sure how long
is it fucking long does that count
I won't look it up it was it was great
we ate we ate at an amazing pizza
restaurant we saw the full House house
you know we went to that Park that the
whole house houses in oh you got to go
to that part gotta go to the park good
full house houses then there's also
shots of that Park in the room oh I
could live a long healthy life never
seeing that house yeah yeah you really
good you really could
let's be honest but I've been I've been
through the redwoods of Northern
California which everyone needs to do
because they are the really big it will
blow your fucking goddamn mind
there's a giant ass trees man giant can
you drive a car through them you came a
tunnel to the tree yes they have a great
great through its great usually everyone
should do that it's fun super fun
we went to Legoland in California
Legoland in California is great it's it
that's in between that's kind of like in
between Los Angeles in San Diego great
it's I've just been that way I think
it's the only place on the coast have
been what are you doing Legoland they
actually have rides what is what is the
deal they have rides apposite to talk
about Legoland like they have they have
rides like a simple rollercoasters
simple
is there anything isn't like an actual
theme park where's just like a look at
all these things made out of Lego isn't
that neat that's what most of it is but
there's also like build the torian's
where like if they just give you a shit
ton of Legos they had a neat thing where
it's like they had a competition to
build a simple like a race car and ramps
and you could race them against other
people kids other KIU I couldn't news
for kids for kids they're like a giant
Lego washing machine because almost
people handling all those Legos that's
got to be discussed he said you're out
everywhere and then they did have like
the giant stuff built out of Legos like
they had a Star Wars display and that
was really neat
and then they had like basically
carnival rides yeah not ride not like
not rollercoaster ride like I don't want
to get in a rollercoaster made out of
Legos no no you know they had oh that
could make it look like it was made out
of Lego yes yeah that a waterpark the
whole ride to be very bumpy fuckin sucks
this is a terrible idea so you know
there was some stuff to do and oh these
guys have all the weapons that's right
shockingly I we were at Legoland for two
days and I really thought we would run
out of stuff after after a day one
button we did like the dry stuff one day
and the waterpark stuff the next day and
it seemed to work out J what do you
think about the Eraserhead remake that's
been talked about recently that has not
been talked about supposed trying to be
a be a smartass supposed to use a Sin
City s black and white style do you
think there are movies that should just
never be remained they're completely
making this up you are completely making
read the thing I read the thing whoever
said that you're a liar that is not
something that will ever happen and
there are movies that should never be
remained okay remaking them all I'd say
actually top of the list was Robocop hmm
that my personal list Robert okay I mean
I was gonna say as far as popularity or
importance to culture and film history
yeah I wouldn't put Robocop near the top
it doesn't need to be remade but no no
just just be me person like everything
everything in Robocop works flawless
yeah that's a movie that works
specifically because of its tone yeah
and you knew they weren't gonna do that
with the remake and they didn't followed
very closely by ghostbusters
yeah back to the futures up there but
according to Robert Zemeckis that'll
never be remained in his lifetime so at
least there's that I would put psycho up
there but they already fucking did that
yeah everybody's forgotten about that
at least the psycho remake it seemed to
be because Gus Van Sant's like a weirdo
and it seemed to be he was using his
recent clout from the success of Good
Will Hunting to making the psycho remake
almost an art piece unto itself where
it's like he wasn't trying to genuinely
make a good remake he's just trying to
do this weird installation of doing a
shot-for-shot remake to prove a point I
think that what is what he was trying to
do it doesn't mean it was a successful
movie it by any means cuz it's not but
if you want to know why you don't remake
classics you point someone to the psycho
remake and I think that might have been
part of his point so I do think there's
something a little more interesting
about the psycho remake than a lot of
shitty remakes interesting it doesn't
make it a good movie cuz it's not and
Gus are I Vince Vaughn is horrible in it
and I I don't see anything in the Chad
commenting on the Eraserhead that's
because it's completely made up
just sayin who the fuck would remake
Eraserhead
for name recognition or something look
that's not gonna happen
they're scraping the bottom of the
barrel an executive at Sony you know
what the kids want to see a remake of a
racer head so Sony would remake it yeah
we'll get our toys into Target and
they'll be put on clearance three weeks
before the movie comes out that's how
far you know someone has pitched that
Sony is a desperate desperate company
yes and ruthless
I didn't miss some tips we got a we got
whatever Jays here we get flooded and
I'm getting to them I could spend this
whole stream just reading the tips one
by one and not discussing any of the
points brought up but that would suck
one sentence answers from now on that's
it
well well we'll probably get to it is
all I can say I can't even guarantee
we'll get did so some heroine respond to
and I don't Oh somebody's asking if we
talk about stranger things we have Jack
has not seen it I love it I've seen the
first half J for some reason hates
Winona Ryder in it I think she's
terrible in it I love Winona Ryder as
many things I think it's starting to get
good around Episode four but I thought
it's taking a long time to get there
that's the short of it taco salad
Tuesday says hi jack
hi I saw Mike and Dave need wedding
dates and we were cracking up throughout
fuck yeah it's a great movie the guy
from workaholics just makes so many
strange noises your cousin did a nice
job rlm rules I mean both are true and
not necessarily related
I like that workaholics guy yeah I like
workaholics which surprised me I thought
it would be like dude bro humor but
there it's actually funny and I what's
his name Adam Adam Levine divine divine
something like that I've never heard of
him until I saw this oh you've never
seen more college guys I think he does a
voice in a cartoon that my kids have
seen I think he does the voice of Pizza
Steve in a cartoon called Uncle grandpa
oh I saw one episode of that on Netflix
as just out of curiosity I was like what
is this and then I watched it and I said
what is this yep and that's way too
extreme for me it's it's one of those
shows that tries really hard to be wacky
and yeah you're gonna have weird random
humor but you have to have something to
latch on to can see right through yeah
but no I thought he was he was grated
that was his first big movie Adam Devine
and so yeah it's good even even fucking
muscles is really funny and what's his
name
Zac Efron's that Kathryn and Aubrey
Plaza who I don't care for and things
like I don't like her
bit in Parks and Rec I like her on Parks
and Rec I don't understand she seems to
be in that dirty grandpa movie yeah and
then in the Mike and David wedding dates
movie she seems to be playing like the
like the the sexy slutty type character
which I don't see her as at all that's
what she's going for now yeah it just
doesn't seem like her personality
doesn't seem to fit that type of
character so it's an odd choice yeah
yeah that's very odd what oh that was
just the lighting where before your your
your sprites your you know they don't
match your characters yeah two sprites
there are two would like generic white
people and you had a blonde girl on a
black guy yeah for I looked up it looks
like they were both black like well they
do have the difference right I just
don't match but I guess it was just
lighting in that room so where did the
frankenz thing go there was a franken
did I catch him maybe you blew him up
he's a Frankenstein you don't the catch
though I did just blow out you have to
either you for anything ghosts okay that
doesn't make any sense that's the
dumbest fucking thing I've ever heard
yes Frankenstein's made out of different
people there'd be like eight or ten
Frankenstein but well maybe but they're
still the ghosts are still merging goes
far that's depressing isn't it yeah you
spend all of the afterlife just as a
piece of a larger thing that sucks that
would suck but this music has not
changed up this entire time
no but hasn't it in my head now fucking
in my head now where'd it go said
there's a ghost
analysis rich you mentioned that you
don't read a lot but you do have
favorite science fiction books are you
familiar with arthur c clarke and
stanislaw lem if not i highly recommend
them
i don't read as often as i probably
should but this mean I've never read
rich you know I've heard you've never
read I mentioned that you don't read
much that means you don't read ever
because this is the Internet
I've never read an Arthur Sze Clarke
book or Stannis Stanislaw LEM so okay
only child says looking at you guys is
like looking at phil collins three years
70 phil collins with a j eighties folk
columns with rich and current full
columns with a jack do you guys like
Phil Collins appropriate question um
some stuff I guess I'm a musical idiot I
couldn't even tell you like a song
that's definitively Phil Collins a song
yeah was that is that the pilot of Miami
Vice that like that that whole sequence
to I don't think it's no it's not that
song now is its own song Miami Vice is
the Miami Vice theme song no no in in
the I want to say in the pilot episode
of Miami Vice
hello I'm Nadia they used they used that
song okay in an extended sequence okay
and it's fucking brilliant in a terrible
way
it's just like so heartfelt and and
locky and it's just Don Johnson like
calling his wife on the phone saying
like this is gonna be a big one I don't
know if I'm gonna make it and you know
like as the song goes in to do to do to
and they're driving in their car and all
the lights and that classic Miami Vice
look it's so fucking cheesy
I don't think I've ever seen an episode
of Miami Vice there's a problem
it's Michael Mann and I like Michael
Mann I like that era of Michael Mann so
I should watch it I don't know how much
involvement he had with the entire
series but I know it started as his show
anonymous says one guess what I had for
dinner
hints made out of process horse penis
and Chinese people - on a more serious
note I saw Swiss Army man and it was
actually great
3 finally favorite Hitchcock film
question mark mm-hmm
I'd say probably psycho is my favorite
so I go is the only one I've seen really
no that's a shame well I see the birds
actually I take that back
okay I've seen psycho in the bird's eye
like rear window a lot rear windows
classic I like one of his later movies
frenzy I like a lot because that's the
period when when movies were getting a
little looser with what they could get
away with so he's just starting to get
into sleazy territory as much as he
could and there's some really really
great sequences in it so friends if
you've never seen frenzy if you're
looking for a lesser Hitchcock movie
that still has some really well done
really well executed sequences in it I
highly recommend frenzy Galactic Sean's
is Jay have you seen beyond the Black
Rain dub rainbow is dark surreal and
really weird
yes and I love it for all those reasons
I have the the soundtrack to it I'd like
the music in that movie a lot and I love
the the look of it I love the visual
style of it gobbledygook says check out
fresh snugs weazened the juice buddy yes
remember when Pauly Shore was a thing
my sister was obsessed with him that's
why every Washington's seen a lot of
people were for like a year I didn't
realize what that was like halfway
through saying I would otherwise I was a
buddy yeah I would have gotten that
right the only movie of his that I can
imagine actually juice no easing the
joke
the only movie of his I can imagine
maybe holds up would be son-in-law
I remember that one being okay I haven't
seen any of these movies since high
school you know he's probably playing it
a little more straight and you know he
is supposed to be the weirdo right yeah
I have a feeling that movie might kind
of hold up what about in the army now I
don't even I know Andy Dick was like his
buddy in that but that and it's like
normal Andy Dick not like Andy day yeah
and Lori petti and America's long-lost
sweetheart she's not orange is the new
black now oh yeah she's really good on
it I like that Laurie Betty look first
of all how she never became America's
Sweetheart I think she's a little too
weird a little too Corky and she she
made choices like Tank Girl which I like
her in that movie I don't think that
movies a little bit of a mess but I like
her in it a lot that's why that's the
Tank Girl is why she's my sweetheart
okay I don't know and of course a league
of their own
a league of their own league of their
own and tanco right up there in my book
do I need to see tank girl have you
never seen it no um should I don't know
I haven't seen in a really long time I
remember I like her in it a lot I like
the character of Tank Girl and Malcolm
McDowell is pretty good in it but I
remember the story being a mess the
story's a huge man it the editing was
terrible and the the animatronic guys
know they look good oh I remember them
looking good
one of them's ice-t so it was one of
those movies that it almost felt like
like an attempt to manufacture a cult
movie or it felt like it was trying too
hard but I have not seen it in a really
long time maybe it's been so long but
you should see it this is a
post-apocalyptic thing and it's it's
weird
based off of a cult comic yeah just a
weird weird the fact that it was a major
studio release is kind of surprising
what year was that
oh god 90 girl I say 96 or 97 was it
around the same times barbed wire I
think it was a little before a barbed
wire it paved the way for barbed wire
sir I'm acting like the obscure stuff
before they got around but like you're
Iron Man's yeah tanker was 95 95 yeah
shit when was barbed wire I did not see
that coming our wire is 96 a lot of
shitty movies in the 90s yeah a lot of
shitty movies now godly groups who's
honest a DC Universe Online is good if
DC Universe Online is on ps4 it's a free
you fuck I've heard that about DC
Universe Online that it's been fritz
free but it's not ps4 that's a new bit
to the no its own it's free so he's been
DC Universe Online yeah all right I'm
just your Nutter down with the bit I'm
down with a bit get get down with the
sickness yeah Lou Gehrig's mouse who
says also Killing Joke was playing at
the AMC theater in Milwaukee on July
25th and 26th would you go see it for a
tip and if so how much if I want to see
it I wouldn't publicize it I just want
to go and see it then that's not like
like you want to see a good animated
movie in a theater as far as the
animation goes that the animation looks
cheap and shitty for that I don't think
you need to see that the theater I'd
probably rather spend what the ticket
would cost buying a copy of the DVD
there you go honestly I have heard that
that was just like a bad like the the
editor of the trailer who did something
poorly and it actually doesn't look like
that shitty animation and as I work no I
don't believe it someone yeah they
probably went in after the fact spent a
lot of money cleaning it up that's
damage control that's more likely
because it's a hype release they're
gonna want to probably fix it if there's
a problem right I mean it's a big issue
deal as far as their there's
straight-to-dvd comic book cartoons go
yeah
I mean this has to sell more than any of
the other ones that produce what it's
done they've done other Batman ones but
is this the first one to have
what's-his-face as Batman again Kevin
income no it's actually not it's
probably the first one to have him and
Mark Hamill though okay the same one
it's it's not just it's not just Kevin
Conroy it's that stories - sure there's
probably the most famous story they've
adapted well Dark Knight Returns but
it's up there you know sure once you add
Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy on top of
it it just makes it that much bigger
look a telegin says J have you seen
Triplets of Belleville
it's a French animated film which has an
art style which is simultaneously
beautiful and disgusting I have not
heard of it I've just never gotten
around to Seaton it Grasmick military
says evening gents been a while since
I've caught a stream Jay great work on
the new review series rich and Jay noble
effort with the pokey rich and Jack I'm
assuming event noble effort with the
Pokemon go stream there's a huge success
success that burned Jack a big
improvement on stream layout oh that's
not saying it's good but you got a big
grateful goddamn shit on so much for
that you get a compliment I'll figure
and you're gonna be an asshole about it
fuck you asshole it's barely a
compliment though that's an improvement
that's like that's like what your mom
says when you go from getting a D - C -
well that didn't suck so bad yeah no I
mean listen obviously change is hard to
deal with this is something that I wants
maybe people don't want them I'm hoping
that at very least at the end of the day
people just don't care enough to put up
that big a hissy fit cuz I like it madam
says rich and Jay how is the dan Aykroyd
vodka you can speak your mind since the
stream isn't sponsored I honestly have
no idea reg did not have
I had plenty and it was very delicious
although I mostly drinking it mixed with
the ecto cooler I only did I think I
only didn't know I'd it I think I did
two shots of it straight and it's very
smooth it's good stuff that's great and
it comes in that awesome skull Cashel
horses Jack - horse
now that you have familiarized yourself
with the Lytro cinema literal electro
lyt ro
oh yeah the camera that can focus on
multiple things okay yeah light Romeo
are there any directors that you know
who may one day benefit from this new
technology you know changing what's in
focus
etc somebody who's bad at it because
then you can go in later and fix it
probably like I'm I'm trying what I'm
trying to do is you know the light to
our Cinema Camera is this amazing thing
because it's not just about focal depth
like it takes something I guess like
about like 3,000 frames per second it
takes something like 3,000 frames per
second yeah and it gathers focal depth
information and lighting information of
different ISO s right and so like it's
not just about like changing focus on a
whim you can change how an entire scene
looks on a whim it's gonna be amazing I
can't imagine any practical use for it I
know it sounds kind of scary like if it
ever became something that was used
regularly it's like you don't even have
to plan how you make your movies you
just figure it all out and pose exactly
that's a little scary that is a little
scary it makes you worry about like
that's my problem with like the Paul
Feig movies it's like well this film a
bunch improv and we'll make it work
later I don't know I have no vision haha
like that's kind of that's that's
frightening right I like movies with a
little bit of craftsmanship behind them
and it like it's it's gotta be so nice
to have the option we say oh like you
know I planned this to be dark and moody
but we don't want it to be as dark as I
shot it oh sure but I agree with you
yeah and any filmmaker who is going to
use this camera already knows how to use
the cameras already available you know
it's amazing and once we see this kind
of technology is amazing yeah and like
for our uses if we can see this in
affordable cameras fucki set up the
cameras shoot a show get it done get it
done right yeah yeah don't have to worry
about nothing
that would be like for for people who
shoot themselves yeah it's gonna be
amazing
that's the one thing I hate is like you
know like rich sits in my chair and
we're looking at each other through a
bar which is weird I don't know if they
can tell that for prereq rich sits in my
chair and I focus on him but it's just
like yeah what if he's leaning forward
what if I'm just slightly out of focus
oh yeah hey yeah that happens sometimes
with our videos and people pointed out
like that one shots out of focus like we
tried it was in focus we're not behind
the camera literally nobody behind the
camera right we do what we can but I I
can't imagine any any filmmaker or any
more importantly any cinematographer who
I really love it won't make a damn
difference to what they're doing I would
say the one filmmaker that would maybe
take advantage of it and maybe even use
it well would be David Fincher because
he is a filmmaker I don't know if you've
seen any behind the scenes stuff from
his more recent movies he alters
everything in posts like he'll combine
two different takes like a one shot but
different takes of whatever two actors
are in it and combine the two he changes
every little detail and he's very
specific about it okay so I can see him
maybe finding a way to use it to his
advantage sure sure
he's the only one ever though well he's
it like I could see you know cuz with
the with the Lytro steel camera there's
a web app for it where you can upload
your pictures and then people can play
with the focus themselves so I could see
some kind of like novelty shows sure
where you know like if they had a web
player and the viewer could change the
focal point while watching the show and
that changes the experience on how but
it'll wear off real
but like oh it's like what if it's a
detective story and you have to focus on
the different things yeah fun for one
video that'll be the selling point at
least now but no I can't see I just
can't see too much I'm in the hospital I
can't see too much practical use but not
saying there won't be we just got done
talking about the light draw I planned
that perfectly plan that perfectly great
I need to find out how to get a fucking
better car my car can only hold two
people really yeah and I have four
employees but it can only hold two
because and so I can only assume that I
can upgrade at some point sending the
Chad know how to upgrade Jack's cousin
who's played that ghost control who's
played not ghosts zero people right 0p0
people I played this nobody wants to
even look at the Ghostbusters anymore
just it's gonna make it's gonna make
everybody sick from now on Ghostbusters
a series that makes everyone think of
vile horrible political bullshit yeah
that's what it represents that's what
Ghostbusters means to me and they're
gonna forget about it divisive miss yeah
no people will forget about the movie
the the controversy and the arguing
that'll live on and the movie will be
secondary to that but eventually it'll
get back to you'll mention Ghostbusters
and people will know you're talking
about the 1984 film which is still a
great movie that's another thing I've
noticed kind of like after the force
awakens came out and there was all those
pieces like maybe we should rethink the
prequels as I've seen articles now that
are like you know the original
Ghostbusters wasn't that great to begin
with we have not seen them which is a
joke they're on that's a goddamn joke
the movie was just added to the the
National Film registry as being
culturally significant there was such a
significant film they're desperate to
stand up for this new Ghostbusters
Android's it stands for something yeah
women starring at a shitty comedy that's
that's important yeah oh you don't you
want to get behind a good movie when it
comes to that right there been better
movies recently to get behind a fury
road yeah yeah yeah though you want to
support a movie that does not rely on
I'm tearing one gender down to try and
make its characters more heroic I don't
think I think I mentioned in our
discussion that probably got cut is
though saying it's like someone you know
flipping the genders and all the women
are capable and great at everything and
all the men are idiots and are assholes
that's like I get what you're doing you
know can you imagine if Janine were like
a she wasn't a bimbo no could you
imagine if she were like a big-breasted
bimbos yeah dumb as a rock and Bill
Murray only hired her because he wanted
to fuck her right that's not the case
can you imagine
but yeah so by flipping it try to say
like oh these are staples of but they're
not stables of Ghostbusters movies there
certainly are dumb like Michael Bay type
movies where every female is you know a
tramp or an idiot or whatever and it's
like that's never been ghostbusters so
flipping that and making all the women
you know brilliant and perfect and all
the men idiots is like you know it's
like if someone says fuck you and your
response is fuck you too like you're not
accomplishing anything like given your
example it's like someone says fuck you
then you turn to the next guys they will
fuck you what they do it yeah fuck you
back to the right person yeah there's
nothing positive about about doing this
yeah we're back on Ghostbusters again
I'll read it I'll read more tips yeah so
Ghostbusters fuck off I better find it
quick you find it and never says
random question for each of you just for
fun yeah what would you think of the new
Ghostbuster the other rlm guys to a
restaurant who would you bring to a
five-star restaurant a popular local
food joint a McDonald's and why it's a
very weird question yeah I'd bring us
all to the nice popular local food joint
yeah can't we all go yeah like why do we
have to play favorites you go to a fancy
five-star right we'll just go to the
popular new joy why we all go to el
fuego nothing goes fine okay we're all
going el fuego boom
Tomic mousetrap says don't forget psycho
had a sequel with the funniest ending
I've ever seen in my life I like the
psycho sequels every time about the end
of psycho - whack ke tang is the end of
that message k tang I did I sent all
camp so I think I know what part they're
talking about as being funny but I don't
recall anything that happened in the
sequels remind me um the second one he's
finally let out and there's the sister
of you know a character that was killed
in the first movie and she's trying to
say he shouldn't be let out and he's
just it's just Norman Bates trying to
adjust to being back in society and
people start dying and he's wondering if
he still fucked up in the head or if
it's someone setting him up it's a
decent sequel to psycho okay and the
third one is directed by Anthony Perkins
and it has a Coen Brothers vibe to it
and Jeff a he's in it and he's awesome
and it has a real like kind of macabre
sense of humor and then the fourth one
is kind of dull but two and three I
actually think they're decent sequels
what didn't want to come out um early
eighties it's a weird thing ya know let
me see one that came out yeah I I I
would actually if you've never seen
psycho two or three I would recommend
them
psycho three is really interesting from
a visual from a directing standpoint and
it was directed by Anthony Perkins
psycho - is 83 okay so I'm gonna guess
psycho 3 is probably 84 or 85
f-86 when anthony hopkins really needed
the money
anthony perkins perkins yeah sorry and
that's that's what i like about those
movies is him his performance and just
the Norman Bates character especially in
the second one Orissa let out of the
loony bin and he's like wandering
questioning his own sanity or he's like
he spent so much time trying to you know
get back to normal and then he gets out
and immediately he's being fucked with
did they manage to pull off making him
sympathetic yeah that's what makes those
sequels work is that you care about him
you know he tried to be rehabilitated
and you're rooting for him to be
rehabilitated you don't want him to go
back to his old ways so your let's
rooting for him and just rooting for not
murder
no you're rooting for him he's likeable
that's what makes that that character
work is Anthony Perkins performance he
makes you care about Norman Bates
gahafer Jack says do you guys have any
hidden talents like drawing writing or
sports like skateboarding or skiing etc
does jr. Mike have a beautiful voice I
know rich does I don't think any of us
have beautiful voices
I can draw pretty well I used to do it a
lot when I was a little kid I haven't
done it a long time but I'd rar dwell in
school when I was a kid I don't think
I'm anything to shake a stick at I'm a
pretty good stick shaker okay that's my
hidden talent yeah that's cool yeah I
got that going for me
your goal or velmont says your
Ghostbusters review was a great and
you're right how about your right about
how certain people info infiltrate
mediums and loath the fandoms look at
the video game press and how much they
hate gamers I just don't think that's
true
I don't think that's there I have no
idea I don't know I just don't know
anything about anything and I hate
getting dangerously close to politics
yes I don't blame you okay no I mean
I've heard that before the the video
game press and it's just like I talked
about like one article that's critical
like come in nice so I ain't getting
into the politics cuz it's it's kind of
like the the opening crawl to Attack of
the Clones but slightly different there
are villains on both sides like like I
might agree with a anita secured ian but
like the shit that's happened to Leslie
Jones on Twitter because that's all part
of the same kind of feminism not
feminism political bullshit that's going
on yeah well there's no room for
discussion on anything anymore yeah I'm
with the actual politics it's just it's
the the extremes of any any end of the
conversation shouting the loudest
absolutely sarkeesian yeah look that's a
look there's how much attention I've
paid like I said I don't want to put my
foot in that that that shit yeah
no it's dumb it's all dumb people get
people get so caught up in it and it's
just like you know it is sure it's like
nerd culture or whatever but it's you
know it's you get to choose what part of
it you're a part of that was a lot of
parts but you know there's so much
garbage out there just let it let it be
man
what is this even do lord Belmonte says
Jay I saw the neon demon I loved it what
do you think of it I loved it
all right I've talked about it a little
bit earlier I guess I'm getting caught
up on things so either came in late or
before you said something about I'm not
sure which it was shit anonymous says
you missed my tip you fucks no we didn't
I know you're busy so I ain't even men
you two are great entertainers and
prereqs one of my all-time favorite
YouTube channels keep up the good work
lol fuck my cock etc etc anima says hey
guys me and my friend are huge fans and
relate to your movie criticisms a lot
just wondering what your next half in
the bag episode will be on uh well
what's the next big movie that comes out
it's that what is that you know what
comes out this weekend apparently no no
actually now it will get out y'all it's
sabotage that's the new theme song to
Star Trek punch in what if that they
know they're working on my new Star Trek
TV show what if the theme song to that
is the Beastie Boys there's no way
that's gonna happen no don't don't do
that where we're at rich
I didn't know that was so close to being
out yep this weekend oh there ya are
Belmont says J will there be a review of
Terminator 1 and or two
what about the thing sounds of the Lambs
and The Shining no these are all things
I'm sure we'll get to oh all the big
ones what other thing all great import
movies great series J thanks
well Terminator 1 we did a commentary
track for so I would doubt we'll do that
I think we said everything there is to
say um I don't know probably Terminator
2 at some point I've not watched
Terminator 2 in a very long time I just
don't care if her Ernie as the
protagonist in those he's a robot
yes robot isn't that weird that now the
odd one out is the first one yes it is
every sequel to Ernie's Ben oh I guess
except for salvation that one's sort of
the weird stepchild but all the other
ones he's got to be the good guy now and
he's not as interesting is the good guy
that's that's what's great about the
first one just two human beings
against this unstoppable killing machine
right yeah it's so simple
yeah and perfect and the the idea of
making him a good guy in the second one
is sort of novel and it's fine for that
movie but the fact that that became the
regular aspect of the series is weird
it's cuz its popularity
mmm-hmm Arnold and the second movie yeah
Tim salmon says hijack rich NJ Oh Jay
what are some of your favorite scream
factory releases so far other than the
upcoming thing and Exorcist 3 releases
oh my god I'm so excited about the thing
are the yeah the thing but also the
Exorcist 3 have you heard about this no
probably not
um Exorcist we saw Exorcist 3 at the old
studio right we watched it one time I
love that movie but it was fucked with
by the studio because they said there's
no exorcism in this movie
so they later eesh because it was based
on a William Peter Blatty his book
legion which had you know some
characters from The Exorcist but it was
a completely separate story and that's
what he made the movie as so the
studio's like you gotta have an exorcism
so they reshot the ending they reach out
a couple scenes throughout the movie to
try and tie it in more with the first
Exorcist movie and all the original
footage that was like the original
ending and a couple other scenes
throughout the movie were you know cut
out thought to be lost forever
but now they're doing a new cut of the
movie they have all that material and so
they're putting out a new cut of the
movie which I'm super excited about
because I think Exorcist 3 this is one
of the best movies ever so is gonna be
the original vision it's gonna be
William Peter but ladies original vision
for what the movie was supposed to be
elastic so it is something that I never
thought would ever exist and I've always
been kind of curious about so the fact
that it's actually coming out is pretty
amazing so I'm really looking forward to
that I think that's in October maybe and
then they're doing a special addition to
the thing as far as current releases
what's been really good ones escape from
New York's really great all the John
Carpenter ones they've done a good job
with and they've done like half of his
movies at this point
awesome mint 455 says hey guys just
enjoyed gorilla interrupted for the
first time Wow enjoyed it way too much I
can't believe that but okay funny you
see the earlier days of red letter media
side question what do you think of
Australia welcome your spiders are big
yeah yeah you got big creepy bugs
spiders are big thank you for Mad Max
and Farscape yeah I've never been there
I want to go to Australia I've seen the
documentary not quite Hollywood about
the oscillation films and there's some
good stuff in there Tim salmon says by
the way Jane have you heard about the
upcoming blu-ray releases of chopping
mall and blood diner Lionsgate is
finally doing something with their
catalogue of horror movies on blu-ray I
have heard about that I'm excited about
shopping mall I've never seen blood
diner so I have no idea but but shopping
malls a lot of fun naanum says jay
loving the Twin Peaks
esque review set can we look forward to
a fire walk with me review before the
show returns seems to have received more
love over time yeah I love that movie
and I know a lot of people hated it when
it came out cuz they wanted answers and
of course you're not gonna get that from
David Lynch well I think a lot of people
be pissed off with the new season of
Twin Peaks cuz it's not gonna be what
people think they want it's gonna be
dark and weird and it's not it's gonna
frustrate people but I love fire walk
with me I would probably have to be a me
and Josh one because I think we might be
the only ones that would care have you
seen it Jack fireworks sure what do you
think of it probably not jack cuz you've
seen 20 I'm a huge fan yeah I I have
little literally no strong feelings
about it because some answers would have
been nice like and that's the fun is not
the word I would use to describe it but
our kind of fun it's it's a nice
addition to the world is I guess what I
mean by fun yeah but I I have no strong
feelings about it okay mostly because I
really like really love a straight
narrative oh sure so sure no I I love
that movie a lot and yeah maybe closer
to the show maybe me and Josh will do
something on it sir on twitch in the
chat Dredd was not a fucking remake no
Dredd is not a remake Dredd has nothing
to do with the Stallone movie
I know now that says J I'm a nurse at a
drug and alcohol detox and I need best
of the worst type movies to show my
patients during the evenings violence is
violence is okay but nudity is not
allowed I already showed disco Godfather
think think think
they just say thank well this is there's
a carrot okay let's go through this we
don't charge by the letter in the
donation so they work in a detox center
and the name and they show the people
that are there shitty movie isn't during
the evenings during the evenings this is
very bizarre this is okay I don't know
if I believe any of this
I've shown the Garbage Pail Kids movie
how about that that's my recommendation
I'm the only one that likes that shitty
movie
I need to do something with it yeah
either a review or bus it needs to be on
best of the worst you shouldn't be on
review fuck I had all the cards but the
movie is a different beast altogether
everyone liked the cards nobody likes
the movie and it is a terrible movie but
I think it's a fascinating Lee bad movie
mmm the state home for the ugly where
they they they drive around in vans like
dog catchers and if they see an ugly
person they got a big butterfly net and
they capture them and take them to the
state home for the ugly I'm dreading
somebody thought of that and put it in
the kids movie I'm dreading that and I'm
dreading nuki oh yeah yeah we just need
a couple more of those and then we can
do something yeah also Mac and me Mac
and me oh god I don't remember Mac and
me being painful I haven't seen in a
long time but I don't remember what the
fuck the occasion was at my other school
when I was a kid they had us all get
together in the gym as part of an
assembly and we watched Mac and B oh my
god I have a ward for something I don't
know but it felt like a punishment
that's not a reward can I please have a
test anonymous rich are you dateable I'm
desperate for you I love you I am taken
very much taken anonymous says poop then
anonymous says quality uh discussions
going on tonight
that was worth fun isn't fun and then
Anonymous's here's my two dollar
question is Jay familiar with the
violent shit film series uh familiar
with them never seen him probably won't
see them cuz I don't care I know enough
about them to know that I don't think I
would find them entertaining anonymous
says lots of anonymous nobody wants to
give their fucking name weird fellow
Wisconsinite here
ever hear of Bill Drew bein an
exploitation film maker with a studio on
central WI who made eternal classics
giant spider invasion or twisters
revenge oh yeah total insanity
we love twisters revenge I've actually
never seen giant spider invasion they
played at the Milwaukee Film Festival a
couple years ago and I think Bill Rebane
was there I think it was like him and
Mark borchardt doing let some sort of QA
right yeah I didn't go yeah twisters
revenge is a light-hearted movie about a
man who kills people with a talking
monster truck it doesn't talk doesn't
have a talking computer Oh does it no I
don't remember I thought it has a
computer that talks in the I remember
it's it's somewhat sentient but I don't
remember talking it's been a while maybe
it doesn't talk I don't know but it's
nice no it has this bizarre bar she's
alive yeah yeah exactly but as that
weird scene in a borrower there's like a
giant vat head creature but it's just
supposed to be some normal bar and
there's like weird fat ladies dancing on
stage and there's a giant bat monster
and it just takes place in central
Wisconsin you do something with twisters
revenge one of these days we should I
think i streamed it one year when I did
one of my screams I think I I played
that one
refute what stirs revenge hey maybe we
could get biller vane if he's I think
he's still alive now we'll get him down
here Lord Belmont says Jay about the
thing blu-ray if you if I already own
the original blu-ray release of that is
the new release worth getting it is a
higher quality film transfer question
mark I love the thing if you love the
thing I mean it's not out yet but based
on what they're saying there's a ton of
new stuff new interviews and new
featurettes and stuff and it is a new
transfer I think it's either a 2k or 4k
transfer maybe maybe wait to hear people
what people say about it just in case
there's some kind of tremendous cock up
that's true which has happened before
with screen factory they fucked up with
their army of Darkness blu-ray it was
like a random shot missing from it so
they had to recall it and you know some
people replacement discs but I mean
based on the specs for it it sounds like
it's worth an upgrade some Semin says
Jay I just saw possession for the first
time man oh man is that an amazing movie
possession is one of my favorite movies
now yeah I'm sure that's a review
completely unique batshit insane amazing
camerawork yes dialed up to 11
performances it's a masterpiece
I would agree completely I would like to
do it for a review I'm the only one
that's seen it um 82 I believe 81 or 82
starring Sam Neill and Isabelle Adjani
from Ishtar giving one of the most raw
and emotional and insane performances
she's like completely fearless in that
movie and yeah the camerawork is amazing
and CC 1701 the D says J or whoever
can't me to say whoever then you know
what you're you're you're you're special
I guess they love you
hey or whoever oh yeah you know one of
those other Schmucks ooh cares
have you ever seen the original Fright
Night sequel
I loved it with a larger monster crew
but that might just be nostalgia plus
the new girlfriend is super cute remakes
sucked
I remember the remake being okay I know
we did it on half in the bag and I have
no idea what I said about it cuz I have
not seen it since we saw it in the
theater for that was I know it was just
me and Mike I know I saw the movie with
you did you yeah I wouldn't have got to
think I would have gone to see them I
think there was the same episode we did
the Conan remake I think so yeah you
went to both of those with us yeah yeah
yeah yeah I saw the original frame a
part too I actually saw it somewhat
recently it's okay it's not the first
one and yeah the girlfriend is super
cute in it
she's also in the movie my boyfriend's
back about the high school kid that
comes back as a zombie how sad yeah some
salmon says I know you guys don't do
animated stuff but I'm but I'm sending
you three but I'm sending you three of
them for best of the worst that
understandable
batshit animated Titanic movies just
remember this the ship doesn't sink and
it is saved by a giant talking octopus I
think I've heard of this sounds great I
think I've heard of this movie are they
like afraid to have children see the
horrible end of the Titanic yeah I think
so
that's dumb here's the story of the
Titanic except nothing is accurate it
has nothing to do with anything
speaking of that did you know they made
a Gilligan's Island cartoon show
Gilligan's planet okay they Begley
remember this they get stranded an alien
planet
they make cartoons out of anything in
the 80s yeah
junk head 1979 have any of you guys seen
the Roger Corman flick galaxy of terror
starring CID hey and Robert Englund it's
an amazing crappy movie this is one of
my favorites
what are your opinions galaxy I haven't
seen it I've heard of it quite a new
same Armand thing same I've heard of it
yeah I didn't know Sid Haig and Robert
Englund are in it that makes me more
interested in Cena no one fucking Google
how you upgrade this dumb ass car goes
controlling cuz I'm losing my fucking
mind I really just want to upgrade my
car
shadow Elite 5 says Jack and rich
caution who's the other guy again some
ticket what other guy look I'm sorry you
were doing a different bit that's fine
it's all fine I kept hanging up on calls
cuz I wanted to search around and see
how I can upgrade my car and I'm just
there we go
gotta wait for the ghost calls who are
you gonna call it goes control link and
that is right Douglas Adams did make a
computer game featuring a starship
Titanic oh it's there was Titanic in
space that was a Doctor Who episode as I
was saying it there was also a Titanic
in space Doctor Who episode was the
Christmas special what makes it why the
Titanic and not just a ship why is it
how is it specifically the Titanic I
think it was a time-traveling ship hmm
and was it and it was just one of those
like let's call it the Titanic thank God
has it had been so far since the real
Titanic sank that they thought it was it
was I don't I don't remember
yeah episode that well Gordon Shumway
that's Alf
I know that's all I don't know why
you're saying his name that's why oh oh
ok I think you were I was trying to
figure out confused I looked over at the
TV I don't like Gordon Shumway
is I'm sorry I should have said
something whose bill free I'm gonna get
a guess he's one of the Frog brothers
from Oh throne Lost Boys yeah my guess
where do they remake him that that's
about do I think they are actually that
could be wrong I know they did some
directed DVD sequels that nobody saw
maybe that's what I'm thinking of
there's a relatively recent I rented the
new apartment I rented the new apartment
and no car shop opened up they say we
gotta rent the new apartment I rented it
maybe you need a newer bigger apartment
maybe you ever think of that
no I didn't bitch cheap I had a really
scary nightmare last night involving
Corey Feldman speaking of the Frog
brothers go on the par with Corey
Feldman was not the nightmare part but
it was a legitimate nightmare where I
woke up and like I couldn't fall back
asleep it was like 2:00 in the morning
and I didn't fall back asleep until like
5:00 because I was so freaked out but I
was at some like office party and some
liked all you know high-rise office
building maybe it was like a holiday
party or something but Corey Feldman was
there and so everyone was like god it's
funny that Corey Feldman is here and he
just like crashed this random party and
so we're all hanging out and then I get
on the elevator to leave the party Corey
Feldman had left at this point yeah and
we're going down in the elevator me and
like an elevator full of people and I
think it was like someone else I was
with was in the elevator next to us like
there's two elevators going down at the
same time and we heard a loud crash from
their elevator and then right after we
were like what the fuck is that then
right after that our elevator just
stopped and her like whoa what's
happening we opened the doors and
there's a bunch of people with guns that
are have rushed into the apartment Lobby
or the building lobby and they're just
shooting the place up it was like a mass
shooting thing in my nightmare and then
that's when I like I hid under the
stairs of the main lobby of the building
and I look over and there's a guy with a
gun and he doesn't notice me and the
Mets when I woke up and I was like well
I'm not going back to sleep it was
fucking terrifying
terrify get there like the way it
happened
the-dream I'm kind of glossing over it
but it was really intense I'm sorry I
could not wisely so I put on the Naked
Gun I was like I can't fall back asleep
I need to watch something mindless and
silly help me Leslie Nielsen that was
the correct so I put on the Naked Gun
and then I finally fell back asleep at
like 5:00 in the morning it was not a
pleasant night I would believe that I
camera less time I had like a real
nightmare like that it's been a while
yeah that's I mean that's a that's a bad
one
yeah topical well that's the thing is
like it's it's I guess it's on my mind
yeah subconsciously that kind of shit I
don't know how Corey Feldman fits into
it but he was there I don't I don't know
if he survived in the dream I don't know
what happened to him lately none of my
nightmares have been bad things
happening to me in the dream it's been
hearing that people I know and love have
died no guys really yeah oh yeah it's a
really grateful thing when you wake up
though
frenzy frenzy or however the hell you
spell that that gives you had like eight
constants together when you got H&R; min
and I and Anna Xia it's a weird name
it's a weird day but I'm just gonna say
her NZ threatens my fingers lately wrong
and I don't care get a normal name that
says is it the new hipster thing to like
the Ghostbusters a few guys I know a few
guys I know say they like it and claim
the movie is better than a claim they
talk about the new one oh the new one
and claim that movie is better than the
1984 one should I punch them and can I
use you as libel no like if someone
likes the movie they can like the movie
they can even think it's better than the
other one I mean they're wrong that's
totally them and then you just you just
know that their taste in movie is
garbage not even that it's not it's very
very different there are people even
people that don't necessarily like the
movie that much that think that Kate
McKinnon is the best part of it no III I
can kind of see it like cuz she's the
most charismatic she said seems like
she's she's supposed to be funny she's
trying to do a thing I found it to be
too unhinged but I mean you know
whatever early people could like the new
movie if they want there's no reason to
like punch them in the face over it or
even get mad at him over it not nice to
punch people in the face lalibela
machine 3 to 2 says hey Jase I know you
once said that you're sick of our
culture's glorification of nostalgia
however you said on Twitter that you
like strange things was that an example
of references used right yeah because it
doesn't feel like it's not my problem is
is because i think i mentioned that when
we talked about pixels where it's
literally just remember this and it's
just completely surface level like
here's the thing you remember stranger
things it feels like it's made by people
that these are the things they cared
about growing up it's done in the style
of an 80s
it's not ripping off it's not ripping
off and it's not just like you might see
like in the background there's a poster
for the thing yeah but the focus of the
scene isn't remember the thing it's just
a little detail so it's it's a different
thing I don't I I've heard some people
use that complaint against the show or
they say it's like a nostalgia pandering
and I don't get that vibe at all cause
it's still its own story
you could you could take out the little
knobs and it still functions as a story
plus I think having it set in the 80s
makes it more interesting than if it was
set today that's why a lot of horror
movies and stuff are set in the pasts
because you know nothing scary when
everyone has a cell phones oh there's a
killer I'm gonna call right the police
right now they always have to come up
with some excuse like I'm not getting
any reception I was consciously thinking
of this while watching stranger things
like this were modern the cell phone
would be whipped out yep yep and as you
get later in the series there's some
things that I guess you haven't gotten
to yet but yeah there's crazy events
that someone would film
yeah I'm put on YouTube and that's not
as interesting as a simpler time where
you have to keep buying a phone a
wall-mounted rotary phone because it
keeps getting zapped by lightning from
another dimension how do you know I
don't buy er
I do not believe her for one moment in
that show say its thing I'm honestly
trying to think of the last time I've
seen the Winona Ryder in a movie she was
in the ten the David Wayne movie did you
ever see that the anthology about the
Ten Commandments she's actually really
funny at it oh yeah she falls in love
with a ventriloquist dummy not the guy
but the the dummy and she starts having
an affair with the dummy
she's like legitimately funny in it and
I
don't which is this it's called the 10
it's the same guy that directed what had
American summer it's an anthology of
shorts and each short is about a
different one of the ten commandments
okay it's kind of hit and miss but some
of its really funny junk code 1979 says
in reference to galaxy of terror
damn it guys you disappoint me it had
sing Hague Robert Englund tits and
maggot rain how far the maggots are a
Peter the maggots getting raped
that's a great question Jay this is an
important distinction and then I'll
decide if I watch the movie or now how
do you rape a maggot without like just
exploding it may be their giant space
maggots no no no I've heard of this
movie forever I've just never gotten
around to watching it Roger Corman
produced a lot of movies I'm not sure if
you're aware there's a lot of movies to
keep track of some salmon says Jay you
put on the Naked Gun watched OJ Simpson
get riddled with bullets in the opening
minutes and then I slept like a baby
yeah yeah oh my god that opening scene
is so funny I guess that's not the
opening the opening is all the the world
leaders yeah Leslie Nielsen beat you up
but then yeah Oh Jay Simpson where he's
trying to eat sneaks onto the boat and
he just gets riddled with bullets then
his arm falls in the wet paint
then his face falls in a wedding cake
I'm really fun of Leslie Nielsen trying
to be quiet sneaking into the place and
then he's like hitting buttons and start
playing music oh yeah yeah when he
sneaks into the apart yeah that's the
most goofy scene in the movie but it
works I love that movie the best part is
he's riddled with bullets his arm Falls
against the wall that has the weapon
he's and he goes oh no he's suddenly
concerned about the wet paint on his
jacket
Susan's period says is it possible to
discuss how you develop the storyline
behind the half in the bed
series I surely can't make sense of it
though I love it neither can weep and he
says but heart after doing like a little
emoji kind of hard that's backward is
the the three looks like a bud oh they
say but heart
what does but hurt me and like I like
your but I'm assuming that's a reference
to the little emoji heart they typed out
what the great less than sign but it
looks a little bit like I don't know
these things
it looks it looks like a bunch a how do
we develop the half in the bag
storylines oh whenever we do an episode
we say well what do we do now it's been
a while since we've done something major
feels like we should do something big
yeah we'll see not necessarily
long-running but just like one yeah one
decently meaty sketch yeah we kind of
take a break well one we took a break
cuz a space cop trying to finish that
but then it was just generally being
sort of burnt out on the storyline stuff
or like we just want to talk about the
movies I can't tell you the overall
concept the whole VCR repair guy thing
we came up with after we shot the first
episode and then we reach out the first
episode because it was originally we
didn't know why we were in mr. plinkus
house we just knew that we were gonna be
there and they were like we need to have
some reason for us to be there there was
a little more elaborate but that was
basically what it was or is like we need
some sort of story to wrap this around
we can't just be in this dumpy house and
so yeah we reshot the first episode
after we came up with the whole VCR
repair thing I'm Kenny powerses Kenny
goddamned Powers is back have you seen
if you three seen Seinfeld or Curb Your
Enthusiasm what's your opinion on that
type of comedy love Seinfeld and that's
probably my favorite sitcom of all time
I love Seinfeld but I don't have cable I
haven't had cable in years so I haven't
ever actually seen Curb Your Enthusiasm
right it was HBO yeah even when I had
cable I didn't have HBO okay I think
he's gonna do another season of it too I
think he's coming back oh really
yeah yeah I like Curb Your Enthusiasm a
lot that's not Seinfeld but it's
I like Larry David smarter uh it's sort
of like an entire series based around
George Costanza if he was an even worse
person yep
it's sort of it's almost like a horror
movie where you're just waiting for him
to say something awful or do something
terrible unwittingly
it's it's pretty great but yeah Seinfeld
was that was my show in high school I
loved so I still loved Seinfeld limping
fishes hello does Jay have an opinion on
the 1984 Dario Arjun
Argento Argento movie phenomenon also on
a similar and a simian related note
alright
well does the rest of this that makes
sense up but how about the wonderfully
bizarre 1985 psycho orangutan movie link
I've never seen link I think Elizabeth
Shue is in that movie link but I've
never seen it like missing link yeah
even though rankings isn't even close to
the missing link cousin at best maybe it
makes sense in the movie I don't know is
phenomenon I think that's the one that
has an alternate title of creepers with
Jennifer Connelly if it is I know I saw
it once many many years ago and I
remember it being weird and disjointed
but kind of interesting visually if it's
the same movie I'm thinking of but I had
a very vague memories of it did that guy
died he did he went insane has he gone
forever
he's gone forever I'm sorry that's
alright he lost one of your people he
went insane dill Farooq no I like yes I
lost bill Farooq and I'm just guessing
that based on the facial Yashin he got
too scared it did cuz I like I also
don't know how to level up my guy is and
I
how to level up my car and I don't know
how to do anything except for the things
I've been doing so you're just kind of
dicking around I've basically I've been
dicking around for about three hours and
I guess I'm okay with that because you
know we've been busting ghosts and
talking about shit this is a talky
stream exactly I can do really
mindlessly okay and it's like turn base
so I can take my time aimless courser
says hey J and the other two man just
wondering if you have seen 1999's
Mystery Men certainly not a great film
but I kind of like the premise of a team
of lame superhero wannabes trying to
save the day I saw in the theater and I
remember thinking it was pretty funny I
remembered my favorite thing about the
movie was that the villains name was
Casanova Frankenstein and I just thought
that was a great name agree you know
what song is in that movie right jack
that was the first that used that song
actually excited for the mystery man
letdown okay but not bad not bad
i I liked how lame they are like isn't
William H Macy's the Shoveler where's
the shovel I shoveled well yeah that's
right great and I was excited to see
Paul Reubens in it because I was he's
sort of him and his comeback after his
incident it's as excited about well post
Buffy the Vampire Slayer that's right he
doesn't Buffy the Vampire Slayer and
then he was on Murphy Brown as one of
the secretaries he was not it for a
little while and I was excited to see
him on that and then yeah mystery man
was like the first big movie cuz he's
just a small part in uh Buffy the
Vampire Slayer yeah I remember it being
funny but I have not seen it since the
theater junk ed 1979 so a giant maggot
does the raping sold
how's Mike says Jay do you think that
the new Ghostbusters isn't as good
because other Paul Fang movies are a
little rely on a lot of gross humor and
sparring also if you watch that movie I
sent you love you man cheers which movie
did you see I don't know
you don't understand how many movies we
do we get a lot of movies here here's
here's the thing if you think about
movies that rely heavily on improv
comedy let's take the the first big
example of anchorman
right yes what's the overall plot of
anchorman there's not what much of one
there's just enough to hang the improv
oh it's it's just Ron Burgundy dealing
with a female reporter right that's it's
it's it's bill
it's a premise more so than it is
applaud and saying it's fine that means
every scene doesn't necessarily have to
go anywhere yeah because it's such a
loose plot a movie like ghostbusters you
got to keep moving things or you got
they got shit to do
yeah gotta go from A to B there's not a
lot of time there's not a lot of
breathing room yeah for improv comedy it
does but it also has a vision it has
someone driving the movie forward I've
been in Ivan Reitman the scenes still do
something yeah yeah it's not people
standing around a room yes just saying
things so the problems Paul fight yeah I
think the problems I think the problems
him trying to do that type of film
first of all Ghostbusters shouldn't be
an action movie but for whatever reason
they decide to turn into an action movie
at the end it's five minutes of an
action yeah I mean I'm I like
bridesmaids but I think that has more of
a vision from the fact that it was
written by Kristen Wiig she was and then
she plays the main character so I think
she had a vision for that movies sure
and Paul Feig just kind of pointed the
camera but that movie too is too long
there's too much improv what I was what
I would say about the movies there's a
good 90 minute comedy buried in there
somewhere because there's so much shit
that just gets dragged out have you seen
bridesmaids I still have not seen bright
I know I need to as I say there's a
scene on an airplane where Kristen Wiig
is drunk and making a scene and there's
funny stuff in it but it just keeps
going or it's like these are all funny
bits but you gotta whittle it down you
know you got to think about the the pace
of the overall movie so I think I think
Paul Feig just doesn't have any sort of
vision well I wonder who like the other
thing about ghostbusters that really
bothered me was the editing yeah and
obviously puffy as the director has a
say in that right so he's the one who
decides which bits of improv stay in
right so you have to awkward ly cobble
the scene together based on okay I
wonder if he's had similar editors weird
like this was this was awkward yeah yeah
I don't know if this is like the editors
he's using spy I have no idea he also
did a lot of freaks and geeks which is
one of my favorite shows ever he
directed a lot of that but that you have
constraints it has to be whatever 24
minutes right or whatever it is
this time it's lupus says hey guys this
donation is to go towards the inevitable
sequel to half an a bag airing in 20
years
featuring Jax kids and riches yet to be
born children as DVD player repairmen oh
did you he did you see an article was
written today Oh about the last VCR
being manufactured pan is manufacturing
the very last but I'm wondering somebody
else manufactures one after that you get
what you can yeah well no there's still
the DVD VCR combos are still being made
okay
I think through Magnavox because there
there's ones now that are made that
actually have an HDMI output I have one
at home and I think those are still
being made so I think they must in that
article they must mean the last just
straight VCR sure I think I haven't done
a lot of research on it sure but if
they're not going to make the magnet
ones with a HDMI out I'm gonna stock up
on them we give you so around here we
need them because they function as a DVD
recorder - which is good for best of the
worst yeah yeah mr. glitch and the chat
is asking so could Ghostbusters 2016 be
fixed with editing you can't you can't
edit in chemistry that's not there well
yeah you you actually might be able to
because I'm sure they shot so much more
that's the thing is it's hard to say
without knowing what else they shot that
they didn't use but it's like if you
could you know cuz maybe maybe they go
through the scene once kind of as
written right and then it's like alright
let's just have some fun with it and
then and that's where all the improv
starts so maybe if you can cobble down
one of the earlier takes that wasn't so
funny
but maybe gets the story movie yeah
possibly the problem is still to the
story's not interesting the villain is
weak and the action at the end is shitty
boom so I'm going to say no well you can
just cut out large parts of that action
I guess I need it that's true yeah we
don't need 15 minutes of them throwing
ghosts around with their proton packs
for no reason and then they could throw
a ghost into another ghost in that hurt
them yeah Wow how why how and why and
then they win the day through no help
from by themselves they don't Jessica
Slimer coincidentally came by that
moment their cleverest plan was to shoot
a boy ghost in his dick yeah that was
that was all they contributed to them oh
well if we shoot if we shoot the car
like how they see the car we can shoot
the car okay well oh great we shot the
car yeah boom oh no but now it's a giant
ghost we gotta get her let go of this
now what shoot his dick see that
actually makes sense though story wise
if he's like holding on like that makes
sense to do that but but that's all they
contributed yeah is what I'm saying oh
sure like they yeah if if Slimer hadn't
driven
they would have been fucked yeah yeah
you did you did it girls girl Paula a
coincidence happened coincidence and
great I'm kind of done
top ramens we heard about the Leslie
Jones Twitter thing and everybody's
horrible everybody's horrible I'd rather
just talk about the film
I'd rather daddy would do that at this
point yeah you're done let's just be
done let's go and thank some people and
then just be done are you caught up on
tips yeah that was it I think we need a
nice title screen hold on that's what's
uh how do we how do we stop I don't know
let me make the game not happen anymore
here we go quit well I want I want like
a just quit
just hit quit do you really want to stop
hunting ghosts yes there we go there we
go that's what I wanted I wanted that
nice title screen oh oh this is the
point in the stream in which we thank
our subscribers for everyone who's
confused watching the YouTube video
later why did I just shout out people's
names and I'm just saying weird things
exactly we're thanking all the people
who subscribe to us during this stream
episode the weirdest thing is you know
we cut them up into chunks on YouTube
now and so like they'll probably they
might watch like two or three where we
don't end it with screaming people's
names and then they come but much like
bless our drugs who has subscribed to us
for 21 fucking months in a row that's
amazing what do you do if someone
someone tips while you're doing this
well if there's one or two I'll read
them after words that bunch I'm sorry
yeah Magnus PU 18 months in a row and
they say Jack thanks for the great game
sunday rich thanks for a recommending
preacher best read I've had in a while
J thanks for being awesome you guys are
the best
thanks for all of the years of
entertainment thank you thank you
Magnus PU played necropolis with us oh
yeah yeah it was a fine Billis one week
we came we we got pretty far
Magnus peace beer Meister twenty eighty
nine ten
oh no what just finish it now ten months
in a row we usually don't say TC LP nine
nine nine
it just made everyone else feel less
than twenty two fucking months in a row
mr. glitch twenty fucking months in a
row mr. glyph says damn it I keep
forgetting to unsubscribe wakin twelve
months in a row they say oh good Ceri
Chancery Chen our other are other helper
playing necropolis thank you for saving
me so many times in necropolis sir Chen
says keep up the great work
Jay right and detective rich gumshoe say
Ratan I Bane xizt double zero g shots 22
fucking months in a row
thanks for nearly two years of great
streams as Jets heliosphere 1969 manic
12:15 here it is two years twenty four
fucking months in a row manic 12:15 says
can I ask if you have any favorite
documentaries also thanks for two years
worth of understanding your audience I
have them but just suddenly like that
caught off guard Rennell blank then you
seriously spellbound that was a big day
oh yeah that was a good documentary
documentary about the big spelling
smelling me I saw that in the theater
it's pretty good
I'd say off the top my head American
movie is pretty great I can't believe I
didn't say that one first yeah
American movies good Sean
the new gradient makes me happy to be a
subscriber scoot Mayo 21 fucking months
in a row big fat man 873 sky dandy 22
fucking months in a row Marie Gomez that
almost sounds like a backwards name your
right heel yeah Sam Lee Teuk
nope who's not listed in the cast for
the new season is he like you like yeah
I'm so sorry
it's very disconcerting he's an
important part oh it's a spooky surprise
that would be great that would be great
maybe they'll do that yeah he's a very
important part of my favorite aspect of
the show I hope he comes back whereas
lady Denning Tiberius Kirk and Tiberius
says I am NOT sorry we watched the dark
backward last night but I'm nearly alone
in that it's okay it's AI berries Kirk I
love that movie the dark dark backward
oh no you have that smile on your face
that says like it's great it takes place
in a world full of trash there's just
trash everywhere and Judd Nelson and
Bill Paxton played garbage men and Judd
Nelson is an aspiring stand-up comedian
but he's terrible and he plays like this
weird nerdy guy and they're in their
garbage men so you see like the garbage
truck going down an alley and they're
throwing garbage into it but there's
just garbage all over the ground anyway
so they're not accomplishing anything
and he's a terrible stand-up comedian
but one day an arm a third arm starts to
grow out of his back and that becomes
what gets him well known as a comedian
is he's the weird comedian with three
arms so he tells the same shitty jokes
and then Bill Paxton plays the accordion
so after every shitty joke he'll play a
little piece of the accordion and Judd
Nelson will we'll just put it all three
arms out and spin in a circle to show
off his three are
and that's his act and then Wayne Newton
becomes as manager I kind of want to see
this it's great bill paxton it's so
fucking funny innit you're selling me on
me I like it a lot I I'm surprised to
hear that other people did not like the
movie you are 100 percent selling no
sorry that is not the first movie just
to be fucked up well that's obviously
not booboo I'm just wrong it's poop dick
so I kinda want to say poop dick 5079
it's surprising to me that 5078 people
before him had to poop dick but I guess
not some poop dick john be 8 20 19
months in a row thanks for being awesome
you're welcome
gruff Mick military ray seven-month
anniversary it says graphic military MC
Lucas 25 fucking months in a row thanks
for the stream guys I'm on vacation of
Virginia and sickest fuck thanks for
making my night better d hashtag lol
fuck my juicy shack mate I think he
missed the coal in there I think that's
supposed to be one of those smiley face
emojis oh maybe not not just like period
deep well I've read what's written god
damn it you're right no you're
absolutely right my mum I was gonna say
change somebody else's script she's good
she's doing bad improv internalize it
internalize it
it sucks she just excuse everyone who
doesn't like it being a sexist midnight
Andy awesome mint four five five Tim
Sullivan's cracker man five twenty six
seventeen months in a row lol fuck my
cock Godfather 42 is ten months in
around and got fodder for the truth
that's totally worth it
you have to do this one you just have to
Batman voice
BAM invoices you've got a lot of oh god
it's hard to do the Batman boys you know
give it a lot of value to my online
experience
wish me luck at Clown College are you
excited that my Batman voice is so good
that was good but it was the combination
of that and wish me luck in Clown
College in that voice I'm thinking of
changing my line of work this time it's
lupus they say hey guys had an
incredibly shitty day seeing J right
away as I joined the stream is an
immediate pick up J fills all of our
lives with joy apparent thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do thanks for coming by
thank Allah for ghostbusting the one
last tip we had aa reactor shadow elite
5 set speaking of Ghostbusters 2016 the
script was fine the main problem with
the movie was that it was not funny a
good comedy movie is hard to make how
would you fix the comedy aspect of that
movie a few well the first thing you do
