Aug 24, 2016
Starbound, Rocket League
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/89403961
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/89406064
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkEcco8OoOM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mx0RofOYeUw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/768529336064499712

[Part I]
that's likely a thing what was happening
was I started screaming okay so yeah we
are screaming so what what was happening
was I'm in stardew valley and I just see
that stardew valley I'm in was Starbound
I was in Starbound which was ms/ms
published by the same company that did
stardew valley and risk of rain chuckle
fish yeah and I was I was wondering if
there was controller support as it turns
out there's not but there's a little a
little area where you can modify your
controls we can Starbound and that you
know I went to modify and I clicked to
the the controller to see if that would
work and it didn't and so I click the
back button in the menu and the game
crashed so it's kind of like no man's
sky today welcome to the stream I know
many of you suggested Starbound as a
replacement for no man's sky as a better
no man's sky does no man's sky better
than no man Scott yes and so I thought I
I wouldn't I would give it a try because
rich is feeling a little tired today yes
I am rich would you like to tell us yeah
right into them all right we gotta get
into something I got to create a
character so you go ahead
yesterday was a nice day and we ain't
Karen we went down to Veterans Park to
ride our bikes Veterans Park it's a it's
a parks downtown it's near the lake it's
in the city mm-hmm and low drop bikes on
to the car gonna you know a bike rack I
bought a couple weeks ago a few weeks
ago sure we drive downtown but I'm a
blocker too before we hit the park we he
robbed a loud noise Roger we hit a
lock-up well over there it was really
bumpy just went over a hill like a
rather you know large hill and I turn
around make sure our bikes are still
there the bikes were still there okay I
guess we're just banging around some way
we park we take our bikes we have a
beautiful day bye
on the trails Veterans Park is a lovely
Veterans Park is is where we did our
Pokemon go trap
it's a lovely large parking down right
in downtown Milwaukee absolutely you
know we we have our fun downtown we're
ready to leave and I go to put the bikes
on the the bike rack and I noticed that
one of the arms this must've been the
noise one of the arms and the bike rack
was actually busted oh and it's a kind
of a miracle we didn't lose our bikes in
the first place I thought one of the
straps had just slipped and that's why
it was drooping mm-hmm but apparently
it's actually a busted bolt in there so
we couldn't load the bikes back up to go
home oh and yeah I just could just kind
of that got her her bike when she came
up here this is a brand new bike my bike
was nice
mm-hmm and we don't know what the hell
to do we have no way to get the bikes
home where your car cannot fit both
bikes in it yeah you know Caroline's
like it's getting late the Sun is going
down Karen wants to like wait there with
the bikes while I Drive to get a new
bike rack I was not gonna leave her
downtown cuz really have one phone
between us that's the other thing right
right my my phone was fine her from her
phone was low on battery so she didn't
even bring it at my freaking car right I
got it I think she could charge up my
car if she didn't bring it
she didn't bring a phone what you know I
mean it's not her fault she didn't know
we're gonna have weird bike ride
problems so I'm I don't know what the
hell do I'm trying to figure out a
solution and eventually I just take her
bike I shove it into my trunk as best as
I can and I use one of the straps from
the broken book broken bike rack just to
tie the trunk shut uh-huh I hand her my
keys I say just just go home
just as just to go home and I'm gonna go
home in the mic I'm gonna take my bike
I'm just gonna go home from downtown all
the way to the suburbs which is crazy it
was it was crazy downtown to the suburbs
is like a 15 20 minute drive it was a
freeway 11 miles yeah that's a crazy
bike right
always be closing doors you press e to
do so I had I had a little adventure
last night my first thought because I am
a smart man and not a moron no I I went
to find a bus and there's a bus signer
there's a bus line I know that it could
be pretty close to home so I stopped I
actually waited for the bus to come by
mmm-hmm bus comes by my tire was too fat
to fit on the buses bike rack and they
would not let me bring my bike on the
bus so as I go fuck I waited for the bus
for fucking nothing you don't have one
of those special like all-terrain
driving snow bikes you just have a
regular bike bike there there have you
ever seen the ridin I've seen like the
ridiculous ones it's just - just
slightly bigger than normal right it
really didn't fit in there but I
couldn't get the little thing you're
supposed to loop over the top to go over
the top of it so they wouldn't love me
they wouldn't let me ride with it on the
bus half-assed which you know yeah I
would suck if my bike fell off its yeah
I get it but then they wouldn't let me
bring my bike actually on the bus though
so I was fucked there so I just started
following the bus route home I just well
I see what the signs are I'll just
follow these signs I'll take them all
the fucking way home yeah so like 45
minutes of that was going down the
screen I'm going through
it's I think it's still in the city
proper because it's not really suburbs
because it's not like the houses had
full yards like all these buildings
crammed together but it's very
residential mm-hmm and I'm driving by
and I hear this this little voice this
little child's voice go I'm stuck I
stopped my bike and what I'm saying I'm
stuck just like that and I stopped my
bike and I see this little girl and her
jump ropes like wrapped around this kind
of post okay
and so you know I stopped my bike I get
aa thing and then I get back my bike and
I start going and like a block later I
realized wait a minute that was tied
around her waist who did her mother just
leave her outside tied to their fence
oh my god if her mother left her just
hide to the fence I just let a
four-year-old girl loose and uh
Milwaukee oh fuck
very little I could do about it at that
point
so I'm wait wait and she had she had a
rope tighter oh I thought she was just
like playing around with the Rope you
know I don't know it was a jump rope it
was a jump rope and it was tied around
her waist and the other end was like
wrapped around like a fence thing and I
thought wait a minute did she have like
a horrible mother who just ties her
daughter up to make sure she doesn't get
lost well that way she can run around
like the dog you know was that a little
girl who was actually deliberately tied
up like a dog oh my god it could have
been would have been I could have just
let her loose with like no kind of
supervision so if there any missing
person reports for like a four or five
year old girl let me know jesus H
criminy rich that's horrifying I didn't
go back oh I did not go back I turn
around I was going to it don'ts all over
the place okay there's people all over
and you know like at this point I just
wanted to get the fuck out of Dodge as
far as you're concerned a little girl is
tied to the thing she says I'm stuck so
yeah I mean I would I think I would have
made that call as well or maybe I don't
know I don't know if I would or not have
I'll be honest with you
oh my got a flower now oh I got a flower
in my hair I'm like what's that gonna do
like take my bike back and just tie her
back up you know what now that I've
given this some thought and then her
mother comes out and you're tying her
daughter to a fence my little girl you
goddamn ass get on my only option was to
get out of Dodge at that point
yes at that point absolutely yes right I
don't know I don't know a better way to
handle that situation besides besides
being like where's your where's your
parents you know but yeah yeah that's
really fucked up right that is super
fucked up don't worry ma'am I got this
oh my god when in doubt call the
authorities yeah I mean you know like I
said I don't know how I would have
handled the situation that's really
messed up but yeah it's very very
possible she just had a shitty parent at
home it was like yeah you want to play
outside I don't feel like watching yeah
obviously you're a little girl you can't
untie this if her mother did it like
wasn't in a knot so if that was the case
the mother did do a half-assed job oh if
it wasn't in a nod yeah then it's
probably just gotta talk to him no it's
quite possible she was playing a game
and then like accidentally like pulled
too hard on it making a tight tucked in
that was my assumption at the time
that's a fair assumption
before I started biking away oh no a
tentacle monsters this looks deep this
all looks very neat I got a matter
manipulator and a pickaxe
naima says this from a couple days ago
but it wasn't during the stream I don't
think Oh Richie if you are sick of
window shit read up on PC I pass through
it allows you to run Windows in a
controlled virtual box within Linux with
minimal performance loss it's
complicated though oh I'll look into it
I'll look into it
fisted buy dope smoke says Jack I'm Jack
I would not have played I would not have
played no man sky if not for your
glowing recommendation thank you lol
fuck my cock I'm gonna I'm gonna text
myself that PCI pass-through
cuz I forget things
okay I'm gonna text you up and then
later you're gonna text me again
oh well no I guess if you text me it's
in your it's in your bubbles yeah yeah I
can't get up there
okay so here here's ver this is very
Minecraft II and very very no man's sky
Z I got my matter manipulator here which
is basically a future pickaxe and I can
do this like new and then you suck up
all the resources okay so it's kind of
what we got here
I'm a little upset that there's no
controller support but I kind of get it
because like you can't just like shoot
in anything you need to hover over the
thing to shoot it with a mouse so I kind
of get it button I gotta take a rest sit
down for a second hey Mara telegin says
rich did you hear the news that a
possible earth-like planet is orbiting
Proxima Centauri our nearest star to our
own no I haven't but that's some
exciting shit that is exciting science
is great why can I take this apart nope
maybe in ten thousand years we'll know
more right there's a thing up there that
I want fine fucking speed light until we
figure out fucking limitations until we
can figure out simple things like moving
faster than the speed of light it what I
just don't think we're we just can't get
very far
you know how long how long has it taken
the Voyager probe to get outside of our
of our little solar system it was
launched in thirty years twenty years
a while a long fucking time seventies
there
so one thing I will remember exactly
when it left I want to say late 70s
could have been eighties that the
problem is like the border changes like
what constitutes the the Oort cloud or
is it the past Pluto used to be past
Pluto brothers not a planet it was past
well it just got past Pluto and that's
30 40 years yeah right and so it's just
like we we got we got a we got to figure
out this faster-than-light situation get
on it Elon Musk like electric cars and
solar panels are great button first
things first jack yeah first things
first
what's first energy solar powered cars
yeah you're right weeds are not we need
to not kill ourselves first am i doing
it we need we need cheap sustainable
energy all right keep on going to you on
musk god I love you
real life goddamn Tony Stark right there
anonymous says what is the best back hit
backhanded minute of them what is the
best backhanded compliment you have
heard that I've ever heard yeah it's not
something here's the problem that's not
something I've kept records up I've
heard backhanded compliments I can't
remember what any of them are off the
top my head what you gonna keep good I
gotta keep can you choose your character
do you always that weird thing I I kind
of did I you can choose your race and my
race is a race of medieval robots
because I thought that was cool and then
I did a randomizer and actually you know
what I want to go if I go here kind of
change what I look like
well cancel how do I here we go I want
to take this flower off of my head I got
a flower but look at my kit look at my
character he's a robot with a mohawk
okay and so like I just hit the
randomizer button I you can change
everything
but I kind of like that wasn't like a
flower kind of thing inside of your head
yeah well I picked up this flower
and I can put it on oh but I don't think
I need it and so okay so I decided to
take the flour off wash Oh a sword shit
and pixels great what do we cosmetic
head armor head cosmetic aid cosmetic
oh here we go active items and pressing
the corresponding network key - it would
have made a space cop character yeah I'm
sorry Jeff this was a chat soon well now
yeah and I'm sorry Jeff that I didn't oh
and I should have well that sounded like
an I didn't understand sorry sorry oh
yeah no I mean had to give more time but
you were in the middle of a story I just
wanted to start playing I need a sword
now okay I'm sorry I'm sorry we're
really we started earlier what's what's
uh what's the big deal
madness chaos madness throughout the
streets
right tell me what to do again you've
you you did miss the story of how I
potentially did the worst thing I've
ever done an accident you missed that
so is you know the reason this is like
no man's sky just because of the
scanning things or the shooting
materials
well you shoot and collect materials and
I believe also it's it's a Minecraft II
where you're the planets you visit our
randomly generated but it has more of a
survival aspect I'm gonna figure out
this hole
oh ok here we go put sword on hotbar
yeah I'm figuring out how to do that
ah haha oh I'm Todd yeah that bar that
makes sense so now ah okay so now like
if I go if I just press three I got a
sword how do I swing that sword
oh just by clicking great okay so now I
want to put my DC bready one three three
says hey rich you fuck oh you fuck Oh
what are you additional thoughts on Ben
Hur I love the video bTW you fuck what
did he call you fuck oh hey fucko I have
no thought I'm been hurt why don't you
ever thought on been hurt her everything
did you see it hey you know what I'll
tell you this much okay when we're
filming that you know Jay was watching
classic Ben Hur yeah just what little
what little I saw of classic Ben Hur
made me want to sit down and watch the
classic Ben Hur yeah like oh this
chariot stuff looks great
uh-huh it's like they weren't using rear
rear screen projection that looked like
Charlton Heston on a fucking chariot oh
I'm sure it was they did not they did
not cut fucking corners they're not for
Charlton Heston god no so I may need to
see Ben Hur doubt you've never seen the
original door oh well the original isn't
the original
arrow it was a silent version but I
think that was a version there's a black
and white version oh oh I think it's
silent but I could be wrong on though
it's been far too long since I've seen
it I think we all went through that
phase where so basically the classic Ben
Hur is a remake that's really funny yeah
okay so gun room or what oh where
everyone watches the the old gladiator
movies you know like you watch Ben Hur
you watch Spartacus you never had that
face no oh shit maybe I need to you
should have that face I know some time
is now wait you've never seen Spartacus
no you should see Spartacus I'm
Spartacus I haven't seen Ben Hur I
haven't seen Casablanca even even Sparta
like there-there are these wonderful
scenes in Spartacus where you know
is shot on location but then all of a
sudden it cuts and they are so fucking
clearly on a set and you just go oh how
adorable the Spartacus okay Oh yep
anonymous says the beams of light from
the brightness of his gorgeous face of
the rich man I am thrilled to be jack
thou art so great my lord
I am thrilled to be jack thou art so
great my lord
fucking great what I never a religion no
great well okay oh good oh I pet the pig
i pet the pig the pig loves me now - am
I saying that right Dee agh e SH desh
desh okay I got it right I think or dag
Hesh but I like to guess I like the gesh
how do you keep profanity fresh in
today's society
last time it ever caught me off guard
and made me laugh all on its own was the
cheeto faced ferret wearing shit Gibbon
tweet um I guess you just say weirder
things is how you keep it fresh I just
wear because I swear I'm not trying to
be edgy right I just swear mm-hmm well
and you know that's that's that's kind
of the slippery slope with keeping it
edgy and swearing or it's like if that's
all the bit you have is just swearing it
gets old really it gets old really
really fast but if you're you swearing
to accentuate or punctuate a different
piece of comedy if you want to keep it
fresh just say at national TV
skunk 182 squ NK
skunk skunk yeah there's no eyes maybe
just skunk skunk
squonk what's going squeak I recently
got out of the military and have the
ability to attend school on the GI Bill
nice thinking of majoring in film I was
wondering what are your thoughts on film
school
thanks it's expensive and you're not
gonna learn anything useful
I think I I think Mike and J would say
if they were that experience is probably
a far better teacher I think the only
thing most people who get something out
of film school get out of it is just
connections that but you have no idea
how important that is connections that's
that is that is 99 if like if you want
to actually work in the film industry
that's so like you need to figure out
what you want to do you want to be a
schmuck making Internet videos yeah go
your own way figure it out in your own
path right which is a great way if you
want to actually work in the film
industry those connections are you gonna
get to your first job those connections
are going to move you up the ladder but
is that all you're going to get out of
film school because you can't teach
somebody to how to be creative
you can't teach someone how to be
creative but you can teach go to a good
film school done don't go to youtube in
Milwaukee no offense to my home city
their film school go to a good film
school go to Columbia go to Northwestern
go to UCLA you need to learn the
fundamentals yeah and for those like I
never went to film school okay
I I picked up the fundamentals along the
way but I still don't know them all and
I fuck up all the time learn the
fundamentals and make as many friends as
god damn possible and work on as many
projects as possible so then when you go
out to try to get a job in the film
industry
you have friends that's what you need
and then you know you go you go to a
business and the guy hiring is also a
graduate of Columbia he goes now I went
to Columbia sure I'll help out a fellow
Columbia grad I'll get you a PA job on
this TV show that we're working on you
work on that you find some more Columbia
graduates you make more friends that's
part of the business
so you're the advice is just make damn
sure you make friends be damn sure you
make friends not just make friends do
shit like film school we'll have like a
sketch comedy club we film our own
sketch comedy
shit make friends make contacts that is
what film school is for Girish during it
why is this pig here can I shoot the pig
I don't want to shoot the pig I'm gonna
what do I need Explorer okay here we go
and you'll be him yeah let's do that
so you get to learn the fundamentals and
if you make all the friends great then
then you can actually get a job don't
want 82 also says how do you feel about
demanding fans how do you feel about
demanding vans we've had too many
demanding ones I've seen mostly sweet
things like fan fan mail we get it's
nice they send us a handmade thing they
know look somebody somebody drew us an
artistic representation of a pizza roll
yeah well the closest to demanding
things I've seen is you can see like the
YouTube comments like just prove to plug
good reviews and you just ignore that
shit yeah Casey better live says just
tipping to apologize for my shameless
advertising on last string I felt like a
dirty dirty man after you read it I also
saw a feeding frenzy recently loved you
both in it feeding frenzies quality and
it's okay you you tip the tip if you're
not saying something I absolutely don't
want to read and it's not a guarantee if
I see something that's just garbage sure
like you know a hole I won't read it for
example if you if you tip like five
dollars and and say like I find Pizza
Hut Pizza to be utterly delicious and I
eat it all the time I'm not gonna say
that you know why cuz Pizza Hut pizzas
garbage I I wholeheartedly agree with
that sentiment what that pays a piece is
garbage
yeah that I would not read that right it
sounds like you know what you said
somebody said YouTube channels like
would you read it but replace Pizza Hut
with like a thing you like oh you fuck
oh I'm killing you that other guy didn't
attack me coming oh no you're dead
you're dead fucking dead maybe maybe I
would how do I activate yet what's
almost worst Pizza Hut Domino's know or
any of the little chain pizzas the worst
is Little Caesars yeah they can die in a
fire for the pizza have been blandly
acceptable
oh no they fucking suck Domino's sucks
Pizza Hut Pizza had the reason I said
Pizza hat is because they're like the
slightly acceptable version of all of
them maybe Papa John's maybe that's a
about the time this is this is like over
a decade ago at this point was that is
that a job that a grocery store job and
I happened to be up in the front office
area well there was a conversation about
what pizza to get like we've made some
kind of quota we did we did good that
year in some kind of category and
management was going to buy everybody
pizza oh and there was a I was involved
little debate about what what pizza to
get and this one lady she won she was
lazy
she was really lazy I I'm guessing they
were gonna have her run out to get it
she just wanted to go to the place
around the corner
yeah and I'm like no this place down the
street a few blocks away few blocks away
great pizza that's what we got it we
gotta get we gotta get burgers pizza if
you're Pizza nearby you got to get the
goods bears we're going back and forth
lazy place around the street and burger
speeds up huh and the store manager was
from California chimes in you know
what's good pizza
you ever had Domino's have you ever had
Domino's and it was just silence
just staring at this man struggling
struggling not to call him a moron
Domino's what the fuck is wrong with you
we've all had Domino's e what the fuck
man right that's great yes the Domino
sir I've told that before it was
appropriate it was appropriate to retell
that now the appropriate story
absolutely anonymous says ben-hur in
five seconds Jews the superior Christian
okay ah I haven't seen it so I don't
know how accurate that is
is it based on some kind of Bible thing
at all or is it just purely made-up
ben-hur yeah
I don't know I don't think it's abide
yeah I'm not I I do I believe it's a
historical tale I think it's based off
of something that time that actually
happened but I know Chuck I do not have
an opinion on terraria I have not played
it Jack had you played terrarium - right
no no I've not played terraria I it's
similar to this right I don't know it's
really reminding people in the chat of
it so I'm assuming it is this does look
a lot oh that's mud wait where's the or
you said there was or here cobble cobble
stone or it intersects the story of
Jesus at a few points but Ben Hur is its
own story I know it's separate from the
Bible but I mean is it is it just like a
fictional story like written in recent
times or is there like some kind of
historical actual history or legend of a
Ben Hur right this is a historic thing
or is just like a Hollywood executive I
got this story I want to do where a
gladiator guy meets Jesus now I kind of
want it to be that because that's
funnier do you think it is yes I know
it's all fiction I just want to know if
there's what what what the origin have
been her story is is it more reason or
is it a historical fiction oh he killed
me I did it was a novel oh okay
recent ish 1870s okay that's the answer
I needed 1870s novel yep all right I'd I
did
got a pig gonna need some food on my
journey Oh a flashlight would have been
really useful flashlight would have been
really useful see all this stuff that I
probably should have taken in the first
place what is all that crap what's going
on I'm just reading chat sure no just
reach out cuz I'm I'm exhausted after my
fucking 11:00 well by the time we were
dicking around just on the bike trails
12 mile bike ride yesterday oh right no
no I died right where I may have killed
a five year old girl I still don't know
at very most maybe she ran she ran away
to Child Protective Services with the
other end of the jump rope still tied to
her yeah yeah she's been she's been
secretly like googling where the closest
Child Protective Service offices and she
just needed some kind stranger to untie
her and no one was because everyone
didn't want to mess with it you rich
Evans saved her life do you understand
you saved her life yes for anyone who
got here late or possibly just got here
on time because we started her we did
start a bit earlier we stirred up I had
a bike rack problem yesterday and so I
had to ride my bike home from downtown
where I encountered a five-year-old girl
who was tied to a fence with the jump
rope this is a the fact that this is a
real story honestly freaks me out I'm
dead don't say that don't say that no
it's you know you're a little girl
rescue because kind stranger don't you
fuckin mess with me monkey I will kill
you I am killing you yeah take that your
monkey your monkey
mmm num num nom nom nom well does my
flashlight need batteries uh yeah let's
hope not oh hello happy friend oh you
killed me last time I don't want to talk
to you no I'm not dealing with you
little Godzilla monster I'm gonna go
this way
do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do did it dude
it dudududu well there's no okay dink
you dink
have you heard they're making a new tick
yeah I think the pilots on Amazon it is
it's already on is it good seems like a
more serious tape which is bizarre
that's that's the thing so did you read
the tick comics a little bit a little
bit I'm mostly familiar with the Fox
cartoon right which was brilliant yeah
and actually extremely brilliant
I've been re watching it because my kids
know like love watching it ah so ivory
watched almost the entire series only
three seasons the tick animated series
is brilliant yeah I wholeheartedly agree
deb-deb did we do do we devin townsend
coleman is the name of the voice actor
are you gonna attack me no don't fucking
attack me stop attacking me everything's
fucking I kind of get annoyed when
people associate the tick with the
Seinfeld guy that's Patrick Warburton
Patrick Warburton that show that lasted
less than a season Oh for fuck's sake
everyone's writing an article just being
like Ken Peterson Ascenta Phoenix
replaced Patrick Warburton and I'm like
Patrick Warburton never replaced
Townsend Coleman oh fucking shit right
no fucking shit that's that it was
exactly my thought thank you rich we are
now best friends huh
we were very very good
friends and now we are best friends I
won't let you know that and destroy this
tree come on I can't oh oh yeah I
wouldn't you know what I'm gonna zap you
with my laser how do you like that for
whatever reason yeah the hotbar is
covering the compass of our objective
marker that's not real oh yeah yeah yeah
it's okay I see that oh I'm gonna die
I'm gonna die am probably well I've
already died once okay move that I see
that why is that no no no says Jack I've
smoked pocket I've smoked pot every day
for the last decade uh-huh and norm ants
keyboard the bejesus of you guys should
try out rains it's a three dollar
medieval story card game on Steam we
both enjoy we got that we got rings can
I eat this
Linda well those guys boring we could
switch to rain we got rains as a gift
and and yes I do how do we why does it
like something is up with the graphics
of this game we're like look I can't
read the bottom of this card thing which
that's saying so Venture Brothers rode
the six coattails The Venture Brothers
uh the guys behind the Venture Brothers
there were writers on the tick yeah I'm
pretty damn sure been Edlund the tick
died actually came in he wrote an
episode of Venture Brothers Oh fun
yeah betta inland been Edlund is just a
TV producer now and I discovered after
cuz I didn't make the connection he is
one of the producers of Supernatural
which is a show that is kind of like a
fun take on horror stuff and it's like
oh that's great that makes me feel
better about watching Supernatural how
can I can't I eat you eat put it in your
mouth how do I eat you how do I eat food
this is what is important to me at the
moment knowing had it what is it so
I watched the Amazon premiere because I
have Amazon Prime and it's it's one
episode it's it's a pilot season again
and so it's this is their test episode
and it's darker it's more realistic and
my hope is that they use the tick
because the ticks purpose is to make fun
of superhero tropes and so my hope is
that they use this to make fun of the
dark and gritty realistic new wave of
superhero stuff okay it's not super
clear whether they're going that
direction yet and the pilot itself I'm
gonna say the script is bad they seem to
have they had a lot of sticks so it's
kind of thing where they just made the
pilot episode if it gets enough votes
they make more yes yes I think well
that's that's how they did pilot season
last time is it looking good or do you
not know how many votes these things get
I don't I don't know how that works I
did I wasn't asked to vote on this one
okay so I wonder if this is just a
straight a straight-up pilot or I don't
know but they had these bits like do
remember in the cartoon when the tick
first comes to Arthur's apartment and
there's this big long bit about him
trying to find yeah
the secret compartment where's the lair
at and it hilarious hilarious tip tick
is like breaking couches apart and it's
just a normal apartment there's a small
scene in the pilot in which the tick is
first entering Arthur's apartment they
meet under different circumstances and
every once in a while like during a
different conversation the tick will try
to like pull a lever and break something
so it's like half of a bit and also half
of a very serious conversation yeah and
it doesn't really flow right okay okay
Peterson Serafinowicz is very funny and
he's got it down and the tick action
stuff was really fun there's little
actions
quince in which the tick takes down a
gang and it's funny it's very funny okay
because he's still nyan vulnerable and
super strong I think I've seen that it
see more people in that no I he'd like
me throws and he might mean some no I
don't believe he may well an explosion
happens at the end so people probably
okay okay he doesn't murder people
intentionally okay there's some funny in
fact there's one funny bit where a guy
shot him the bullet bounced off the tick
and then hit the guy back and he goes
that's that was your fault sir and it's
like yeah that's cute now so it's it
hasn't found its right tone yet and I
want to know how to eat some food try
taking the food and putting it on your
character in the world not the inventory
oh is that how you do it
thank you thank you that was bothering
the shit out of me you know you got that
you got your guy right here so like I'll
just put it on my guy right here but you
have to put it on your guy over there
okay objective my I have an objective
marker rich this is will that sounds
amazing
well that that's what I was missing OOP
what are you doing what is your
objective find the Archaic energy source
okay is there fall down what are you
doing in this game what's the point in
this game what was that what is the deal
earth has been attacked by a giant
unknown enemy did I have verbal
tentacles the big purple tentacles I
have escaped on a ship but the ship
isn't working properly so and you know
like all my shits busted yeah so you got
a unbustable my shit okay possibly to
save the earth I don't know looks like I
need water no what is that what do those
mean I don't know doesn't matter fuck it
Chatham I'm glad you like the ben-hur
video
I think it's funny funny video fun fact
but we're rigidly gonna do that for
Tarzan but it turned out Tarzan didn't
flop hahaha Tarzan didn't usually well
you know what that is a fun fact yeah
who a ghost it's a ghost cat look at
that thing
he's gonna attack me yeah yeah I feel
like that ghost cat don't seem to mind
he's a ghost
it just comes back for more what are you
what are you are you gonna attack me I
don't fucking care he's just going to
assume everything's going to attack I
didn't well some things don't
or didn't some things didn't wait
where's my flourish light one hey hey
Tarzan didn't flop the Stars ended
unusually well yeah it wasn't like as
everyone expected into shock because you
know it was Tarzan right it was not a
smash success but it did not flop and by
very virtue of not flopping it was a
success a success yeah your ghosty mama
says greetings from China China huh guys
I give you the last of my money I'll be
homeless tomorrow well thank you very
much hopefully you'll find a new home
soon but your contribution will help me
buy Cheetos which is what's really
important what's more important having a
home or rich Evans eating Cheetos I mean
it's clear to me that's just gonna be me
though fucking ghost cat fucking ghost
cat there's a lot of fucking ghost cats
yeah so far I'm running into a lot of
piddly enemies but how does the science
fiction game explain the existence of
ghosts well maybe he's not a ghost maybe
he's like a facing thing phasing thing
all right I'm calling him ago Oh nope
can't be in there oh look at that guy
way ahead motherfucker there's a whole
frog village
damn straight rich Evans needs a new
bike rack yeah
like now not Cheetos like pick Cheetos
because they're funny yeah there's
something inherently funny about a
cheeto absolutely where I could say I'm
gonna use that money to buy some chips
but that wouldn't be as funny Cheetos
are funny some chips are not you are
correct
okay so there's there's there's certain
stuff that I can only craft at a
campfire by the way okay prepare more
I'm prepared to
great like I just crafted something rich
was amazed cooked Tomatoes
new best of the worst one soon sure
there's a parent Li there's a couple in
the in the canner one of them is soon oh
yeah that's good to know
roasted kale oh shit I'm making all
sorts of shit alright bye froggy man who
doesn't talk by E is this a Jack game
it's boring this is a game that has been
recommended to us by you people by you
the chat after we did not like no man's
sky said you know who does no man's sky
right Starbound and so I rich wasn't
feeling much like playing tonight
I think we'd play too many games for the
first time on stream I'll say this cuz
you know we don't know what we're doing
right now when we're playing Starbound
or I don't know how good a stream that
makes for we don't play more stuff we're
familiar with don't hurt me froggy hey
that's what I say that's that's what you
know like that's kind of what I use the
street oh no that's like water maybe
let's cut partly what I use the stream
for is just to like try out some shit be
adventurous
another flipper BT boom my veins just
double zero it says thanks guys a review
of no man's sky convinced me to ask for
a refund on Steam Wow
because it made me realize I wasn't
having fun and the game doesn't build a
world Cheers I you saved that review
rich cuz like overall I feel like it was
a really good conversation yeah and I
was really happy with like the Edit but
then like just that last that last joke
sealed the deal and I could have put
this perfect summary for what's wrong
that's exactly right and like I could
have moved that ahead in when we were
talking kind of more about the world
we're going it's just too strong of a
joke you got to end on the strong joke
because we filmed that last that was the
last thing rich thought to say and it
fit better with a different part of the
video but it's just too strong of joke
fuck fuck fuck running away from
Godzilla monster it's not even a joke
it's just a it's a sad observation is
what it is
sure
he's used it to come and find me you can
power up the gate with a core fragment
so now I need to collect the core
fragment anonymous says is it weird
receiving money from strangers to play
video games no it's awesome it's
honestly pretty great it's honestly
pretty great and you know hopefully we
hope we entertain you that's what we're
trying to you know trying to do here
collect core fragments okie dokie okie
dokie you'll find some core fragments
gotta find some core fragments rich
fucking another Godzilla monster fuck
fuck fuck run run run run run run oh oh
it's full of Godzilla monsters the
easiest way to find the core fragments
on this room is to look for a mine
interest and explore the mine fucking I
died would you guys prefer a great game
or movie slash TV show I probably prefer
a great game me you can only choose one
yeah tomorrow you can discover either a
great TV show yeah or a great game which
would you rather discover tomorrow how
many seasons one one full season full
season Lucy that makes it more
interesting like you know cuz a lot of
it's just time like you discover a great
game that's like 4050 hours sometimes
the only TV only time I ever watch TV
shows it's binging when the season stop
right so you find a good TV show like
stranger things versus doom
I'll take doom yeah I love struggle me
wrong I love stranger things that's too
tough a call for me to make I'm gonna be
honest with you that is just too tough I
don't want to make that decision I don't
want to you're not gonna make me you're
not gonna make me make that decision how
long is the season
don't write see it's like stranger
things was beautiful and wonderful but
only what eight episodes yeah
so I'll take doom over that and what do
we think of star citizen I don't know
what Jack thinks of star citizen but I
was excited when I heard about it it
will be great if they deliver on what
they say they're going to deliver wait
that's not out star citizen no oh oh
people people seem to be commenting on
it as if it was out and I got a cliff
any triple a game takes years to develop
oh sure and if you thought they're gonna
bang out star citizen in a year if they
if they bang that out of here I'd be
worried about it haha oh I don't know
anything about it that's probably not
like I know there's there's all the kind
of controversies you get with
Kickstarter I mean because they're
charging a lot of money for some ships
and I I don't know about any of that I
don't know any about anything about that
I just know the game as promised sounds
great
yeah okay I don't yeah I don't know
anything about it because that's
probably not my type of jam at dirt bike
or wait what did they say about core
fragments it's been in development for
years now right good games will be in
development for five fucking years that
happens oh god yes no no no even joke
what shin huh sorry I was I don't know
what I'm doing a thing I don't know what
I'm doing sham kid sama says hello again
dumb B's dumb B's dumb B's yep just got
a fat razor work so I thought I'd give a
little more than usual teehee that's a
201 that's cute I like that VR sickness
is a very real thing but two beers both
but two beers beforehand fixes on PS VR
our next purchase is Jack it's getting a
computer yep and I'm probably gonna get
an upgrade and I I've gone over the
specs I will have a very nice gaming PC
and it will be VR ready and
I still won't give a fuck about VR my
rig is fully V already and I will sit
there enjoying games not in VR because I
don't care about VR before before I
could even start getting excited about
VR I would need software that makes me
want to play it yeah that's that's the
thing till then it's a lot of nothing
that this thing you put your head and it
can do things that's worthless until
they program a thing to do with it right
that's fun that's exactly it and I still
think movement in the game is gonna be a
big issue you know and and you look at
the vibe and the vibe has those two
handle things which you know will help
give you that tactile feedback and so
it's like I think they're working
towards it they're not there yet I don't
know if they're ever gonna get there and
there's no game yet like every game is
like a one hour night anything in a
cockpit like I understand that Italy
dangerous I think that's very ready the
lead dangerous would be a neat game to
play with VR sure you know what else
would be an amazing with fucking VR what
a fucking meth warrior game okay oh yeah
fucking especially if it's like you get
like PvP in there too and that would be
the most popular fucking shit battle
battle tech VR yeah I'm with you how
come they're not are they planning that
and if they are how come they're not
planning that they're not planning it
because no one gives a shit about viajar
but that's the kind of thing that would
get start getting people hyped about VR
maybe they need a battle tech game we
got we got ourselves a chicken-egg
situation here rich chicken egg oh oh
yeah oh no no heard about this - says so
the company that makes EpiPens just jack
the price up by five hundred percent for
no reason at all how many how many do
they build how many do them how many do
they deserve to have
up their asses well that price none of
them week we can't afford to shove any
of them up their asses
they jack the price up 500 oh I'm the
CEO gave herself a 18 million dollar
raise oh yeah they're gonna make tons of
money
yeah I'm not I guess I'm not getting an
epi pen no it's always been something I
should really get one go you don't have
an epi pen no so far I don't have any
allergies that are deathly okay
that's good that's good that you don't
ya know it's uh it's obviously horrible
and it's one of those things that really
starts making the case for something
like universal health care yeah which is
great I mean I grew up around it epi
pens but my mother is is deathly deathly
allergic to bee stings and for anyone
who's grown up in the country yeah bees
are kind of everywhere so not only have
I been around epi pens I've had to
inject epi pens before and they are an
absolute lifesaver and yeah yeah so yeah
now obviously fuck that person who made
that call but you know that person has a
business to run right mm-hmm they know
they don't give a shit they don't give a
shit if they're saving lives what they
usually not what that would they know is
that the current insurance model will
pay for these hmm well then we will do
what the current insurance model says
and for people who aren't abiding by the
current insurance model laughs fuck um I
guess they can die yeah they're making
money look fuck yeah fuck that they're
they're abusing the system and fuck them
for it absolutely fuck them for it yeah
sorry then you know what that yeah that
that touches on political stuff but ya
know I I read that that's that's it's
shitty it's shitty and it's a personal
thing for me like EpiPens
same as the guy objectively the price of
the AIDS medicine you know you know oh
just a little shit
she has the little shit hey sorry that's
fine that's right
none of us says I remember that you
talked a while back about checking out
Just Cause 3 do you still plan on doing
so not immediately not immediately as
you know there's so many fucking games
that we need to play right and that's
that's I get a mid that's somewhere on
the back of the list Just Cause 3 yeah
yeah nonnamous is rich and the plinky
know best of the worst
you went off on Tic Tac dough or did you
just come up with it nothing we say on
best of the worst is written ever ever
ever
that is true rich nothing on best the
worst has ever written the closest you
get that's still not written is like the
intro type things but it's usually like
we talked about it but like right before
we do it like okay I'm gonna walk in how
do we how do we start this off oh no way
I'll knock this thing over and that's
not even a script right
but the the table discussion that is 900
percent off the cuff wait goodnight
makeup oh I dropped all my food also you
and Jack should hold hands and swing
them and go wah wah wah wah no we will
not do this why shouldn't maybe that
that's big that's what they that's what
they tip well did you read the thing
they said I read the thing they said
it's all you got to do that's her only
job I lost all my food and I've been
digging in the mines thinking that I
have fuck fuck fuck yes even the
DoubleDown plot explanation that was
legit absolutely right you try and
describe wash DoubleDown Brian describe
it I guarantee you the same things gonna
happen
yeah hundred hundo percent Oh
off-the-cuff cuz that's how we roll
was there a reason the nut Mega Man
prereq episode was never put up on our
alum comm usually timing with other
things our alums put up yeah that's that
what I'll fuck around I'm not used to
keyboard controls yet like like a day
after the new planket review is up we're
not gonna like put a prereq on the front
page knocking that down yeah probably
not yeah so that probably like I don't
remember now exactly but it probably
just bought up against an episode of the
half in the bag or sounds like you know
if that happens and we want to get it
out we don't want to wait we don't want
to hold another two weeks and something
we're already it's already been out for
a month exactly exactly you know this
one this one we got looking usually like
usually I'll talk to Jay about that
beforehand and just like oh hey I think
I'm gonna have an edit done around this
time are you guys working on anything
and you know sometimes he'll say oh yeah
we might have something coming out you
know so try to get it out earlier later
but yeah so if you if you want to catch
them obviously you could subscribe to
our YouTube channel or I could you know
I could see if you don't want if you
don't want all of the the twitch uploads
you could also subscribe to a playlist
if you subscribe to just a playlist on
YouTube then you just get the previously
recorded playlist and we have one of
those or you could follow us on Twitter
because I tweet him yes the new play
good review is coming out tomorrow
mm-hmm I didn't think we were supposed
to tell marriage people no yeah yeah
it wasn't an ad it was does that mean
letting the cat out of the bag something
has been said was it an ad maybe it was
I don't remember him I think they made
an ad is it's not it's not top secret
that there is there is a legit play good
review on the works right that is not
top secret oh I guess all you're doing
is confirming yeah the thing that they
said yes the thing that they said is
true
that is actually happening and they take
a while they take a long time it might
not be coming out tomorrow
but it's the thing that exists oh we
crashed or I just accidentally all ten
how did I I did not oh fucking hell
that was not my fault I think somehow
got out of the game
well well fuck I don't read this first
and I'm gonna get to the tips how do you
how do you guys feel about people who
define their identity through the media
that they enjoy in this case video games
and chat scrolls way too fast because we
have a lot of great fans who'd want to
come up and things and I can't read them
I think the problem is criticism against
games becomes too personal for some it's
always it's it's just weird to me
because I have never let the things I
enjoyed defined me what a bird attacked
me and so I tried to hide in a tent and
it attacked me in a tent and I died
again I'm sorry sorry I'm so I feel a
lot of people letting the things they
enjoyed to find them it's a tricky
situation because in in a sense the
things that you enjoy do define you in a
sense the things that you enjoy reflect
on your personality when when you enjoy
a video game and you talk about that
video game that's you waving a flag
right when you wear like a baseball
t-shirt you're waving a flag I like
baseball and so then someone can come to
you and be like hey like the the new
Newark Timberwolves and like so like
that it's part of it right but if you
bring it to the point where you like
hate somebody because they're wearing
like a a Boston chumbucket hat and rare
arrival team so then you hate that
person then it's silly
then it's silly like I think the big
idiots are the people who pick like a
side and the console wars
okay Xbox doesn't give a shit about you
right they're not gonna back you up
right oh right right yeah that kind of
brand loyalty and I guess that's what
we're talking here about here with like
uh with with uh letting like video games
are the things you enjoyed defined you
duty funds are dumb and it's only
battlefield fans that are small right
you're letting brands define you and
it's like a part of it is true the
things you enjoy shape your personality
and the things you enjoy are part of you
because like the things you enjoy the
only the only thing is you can't let
that define how you act people do and
that's so like it's not like it's not
people defining themselves by the things
they enjoy it's people allowing the way
they act to be defined by the things
they enjoy if that makes any sense okay
obviously everyone enjoys different shit
get over it future a famous person says
what kind of changes in the industry
would it take for you guys to want to
quit gaming as a hobby I would just take
no games I want to play coming out oh
yeah it's very simple
fuck you Oh I found all my shit
hey everyone oh my shit what's this I
think we're always going to be games out
there to cater to whatever niche we we
never fuck cuz like if the only games
are like Triple A games I'd like maybe
one game every year and a half at least
love hmm I don't think we ever ever have
to worry about them running about anyone
running out of games game development is
becoming easier and cheaper and if they
stopped making League games I like for
whatever reason that just happened
somehow sure they're promised to play
the older games that I do like right I
think yeah so I mean I'm not worried I'm
not worried at all niche niche niche
niche I don't give a shit I don't give
no fucks yeah I've heard it both ways
probably from rich dude I steal all the
stuff and you already had it
I did okay as soon games will be like
movies but then you're still gonna get
stuff like like this coming out and
there are still good movies being made
yeah they're they're just on video on
demand and on Netflix
Mad Max came out and that wasn't that
long and you know what every once in a
while you get a doom every once in a
while you get a big triple-a that you
like it it didn't it didn't do
gangbusters in the box office but I like
Star Trek beyond the Star Trek beyond is
so fucking good oh fuck yo but what if
Ken Levine went and put Jar Jar Binks in
the original thief game this is why you
don't want online DRM this is why steam
isn't a good thing because they can
change that shit is that you could do
about it
I have theif on a disc I'm safe there's
fall damage that's what I just don't
fall I didn't know I didn't know I
didn't know I know rich I'm sorry I
can't give you a detailed opinion on
telltale games because I've never really
played any him I started playing The
Walking Dead one I never ended up
finishing because I started when only
the first episode was out okay I said
well you know I'll wait to play it when
it's done and then I never got around to
it
in hindsight I'd probably hate it
because I doubt your your decisions
affect much I'm assuming the story
largely plays out the same no matter
what and you're basically just going
through a story and that would kind of
be dull but I haven't played many of
them I imagine they all suck cuz they're
not puzzle you can't call those
adventure games they're not puzzles
right I would also imagine they suck
which is why I have also not played any
of them so thief steals your copy of
thief well no that's it that's all again
ai ai ai ai ai owned I actually think I
have three different copies of thief on
a hard copy oh yeah cuz then we're cheap
enough and I wanted backups there's one
of my favorite games ever not to mention
the GOG
which is also backed up to a desk right
I think I'm good
I'm versions of feet I got backups I've
got backups of my backups only for thief
I've got a few measure of Ryan I got
like two master of Ryan's well three if
you count the digital GOG version sure
sure you can I think you can count it
got you it's not like I spent a lot for
I mean after the fact yours after the
fact you can find like a backup copies
like a burglar to somewhere yeah why not
oh look the stores gotta use copy Theo
that's two bucks yeah I'll take that
see I'm not super happy about this about
what's happening in the game take all
I'm taking all your shit I have not
played the most recent thief because it
looked bad take it oh yeah shit I'm
taking and a different voice actor for
absolutely no good reason I was like
what what the fuck man
rich any thoughts on how razor no I'm
not a big horror guy jay is the person
you want to ask about Hellraiser checked
you have Hellraiser thoughts
no okay not even not even a little bit
barking up the wrong tree yeah I mean
I've seen the Hellraiser movies I've
seen a couple Hellraiser movies but I'm
not like yeah
tweet at J and or wait until he's on a
stream and and J will deal with all of
your hell raiser business the new thief
substitutes old-timey slang of Taffer
with new slang like fuck yeah dull and
I'm creative that was and the old game
just said Taffer a lot yeah tougher good
toughen around there quit tapping around
yeah love it okay apparently in the new
one that just say fuck no yeah gonna
represent edgy that's edgy that's it
that is that is that you go oh I see
she's got herself a little a little
thing here she built it oh shit look at
that thing I don't want to deal with
that anytime someone asked you guys if
you like something that's good you say
nope yep I mean yeah that's absolutely
true uh-huh
all the time that's true all the time
about everything
hey lady we're how come that shit
doesn't attack you lady you know I can
get out of town hey lady
I thought Sue Bird is going to the bear
pits tomorrow on I get that reference
that's off I get reference
but you know they just don't make bears
like they used to
what yep hey lady that big boss creature
gives you a bunch of core fragments oh
okay
and jack you can break open them boxes
and stuff yeah I've been looking in the
boxes you can also if you just look at a
box like this you press E and you look
inside okay so you don't need to break
them you can just look in them so you're
being polite well those are not my boxes
also I always feel that way in the Zelda
games like I try not to break pots yeah
this is just rude
oh wait I have Spears
I've Spears that I can throw
hey come at me come at me you know what
I'm doing
she's in it straight up cheese in it I
think is like it's just a thug runs
around town vandalize his shit yeah
injures people's chickens oh oh he's
like he's a he that's a real problem
those chickens by the way like they put
food on the table that someone's
livelihood and what's link doing just
just fucking just fucking flying with
him oh shit
well wasted that rich would you ever go
camping yes but I would do it kicking
and screaming I would not go gently into
that that dark night well how's it going
do not go gently into that something
night
what's the edge' t'v mm-hmm oh god damn
it dark is it dark name it's probably
not dark night that's probably Batman
sleeping through under the poem and my
brain did never let Batman sleep into
them into a poem the walls I have built
between those things in my mind have
broken down yeah Dark Knight has seeped
into that that poem
goodnight oh that's that's probably
that's probably that's probably it
that sounds correct ooh a hammer nice
like hammers he was quoting pop-ups
yeah this place seemed like the place to
go right we're gonna do this and we're
gonna take I just got a hammer here's a
tip pressing end to bring up the scanner
is better at lighting areas up than the
flashlight there's a scanner wasn't that
in the cheesy speech and Independence
Day but we can tell how cultured some of
our fans are as compared to others I
think wait wasn't what do not go gentle
into that good night I'm assuming they
said that in Independence Day I don't
know
we will not go gentle into the good
night maybe I don't know like I think
wicked it's wicked
Oh a bomb I go a bomb now
Oh
oh my god no no no interstellar fans are
fighting with Independence Day fans oh
my god
it's chaos times interstellar learn Bend
it's day it's madness
it sounds like madness you can place
things like those dirt blocks to build a
ramp out that's that's first of all
that's what I'm doing
secondly that's what I'm doing you know
this is firstly you only need the one I
don't even need to I need one you don't
need to say that twice so it's like the
menu system is what I was messed up on
like this little one quick menu system
but I've really but you can like you
have two of them so now what I have to
do is is click on my stone here and then
I can like nope nope nope there we go
did you need that one under there you
could have just done well it's fine it's
one that's fine
it's too late to shut it sure there's a
quick swap thing for you know what I'd
like well you know what I'd like rich
like if I hover the mouse over this
little thing right here if it told me
the keyboard shortcut I'm sure there is
one that would be nice but that would
you know that would be nice have Jack
check PayPal it's broke rich would you
wanna stop and check the PayPal because
I don't know how that I don't know how
much it's on we haven't we haven't been
sent in a while so I'm assuming this
problem if the PayPal's broke that's the
PayPal's you know like are you are you
able to tip is the question are you able
to tip and and and it's not popping up
for us well why don't you hit X there
just reopen and reopen that which is
down yeah it's right there on top that's
the the real question is what huh it's
still no blast when I read let me let me
let me look at something may 5th if
you're
concerned how our people enjoying
watching this game I say I say in half
an hour let's switch it up I'm perfect
reach one oh shit yeah we could do some
rocket which makes for a terrible stream
mm-hmm but its second place remarkably
nice when we received this Cassy whoo oh
it's all anonymous there and you know
what it's not giving me times we've
received that in paypal are they have
they said whether or not they can tip
based on the fact that they're telling
us that there's a problem with paypal
makes me think that there's a problem
okay hold on checking a secondary source
checking secondary source now
pause pause for secondary source do did
a little loop dududu we gonna do that we
got to do a rockabilly challenge a
stream again I don't know if we have
anything to give away set to go right
now
are we gonna we got shit we got stuff we
could give away I'm sure I'm sure we got
stuff it's it's terrible it's absolutely
terrible but I've like I was doing some
spring cleaning with Karen coming in
with the GABAA going through like a lot
of my old stuff and throwing stuff out
mm-hmm I found two old copies of oranges
ah did you orange is the French of the
eggplant yes you know I've never seen
that oh it's terrible
are you saying you want to give away two
copies of oranges that somebody would
have to play for that all right I'm down
all right well then I'm signing into a
stream tip right now to make sure that
stream tip is working and yeah the last
one we got was from future famous person
so that just means PayPal's own that you
know there's nothing we can do about
that right now
oranges was a movie I made with Mike
years ago like a decade ago now more
than it more than a decade ago is but
over a decade like 2003 I'm sure I'm
sure people would love to play you in
rocket League for for a signed copy of
oranges than as the the new eggplant you
know all right gobbledygook says yeah
bucks looked at - all right now it's
working
yep looked at Deus Ex Metacritic score
is high it's hot on twitch right now and
it's a triple a thief esque stealth game
nothing else new coming out for weeks or
try DC Universe Online it's free you
fucks
ah yeah what are your thoughts on Deus
Ex I know I've never made them my I
never got around to it I don't know I
don't know okay fair enough
people say the the new one which is I
think is a reboot is good yeah I've
heard good things about this new human
Wars or whatever it's called yeah - says
are you going to do anything re nuki
it's amazing in its special way and
deserves more than being a shitty mean
this is entirely up to Jay Bowman
because he's the one with a whole new
key thing we got a plane with new key we
have an actual plan with new key and I
know this gets said a lot and I know a
lot of people assume that we're joking
when we say this but we just need a
couple more copies and I wish you would
take us seriously when we said that when
we say stuff like that I can make
popcorn that's fun
big old hammer hammer in lots of stuff
Anonymous's hey rich I want you to
picture this you're arriving at the
studio it's a cold Wisconsin morning and
the air is as crisp as the breath of
Santa you carefully unlock the studio
door and walk in
okay I pictured them well now what
motherfucker
now what Shan kids sama says dear ding
guy you don't actually have to talk
about VR every time I show it I'm just
pretending you have to like what I do
please do check out Technol astone only
2 dollars now because you talk mean to
me PS VR we did not like we knew we
about suck mean you in fact I mentioned
some games that I thought would work
well in VR you know what you know what
he was doing right there you know that
person was doing right there well they
were they were taking offense because we
made fun of a thing that they like what
which ties into the whole when we just
talked about VR yeah we did not make fun
of it well I said I wasn't interested in
it in fact I said you know what a
MechWarrior VR game would would probably
build some VR hype yeah and I'd be very
interested in that mm-hmm god damn it
god damn it I was making fun of it a
little bit but more to the point like
they you know they're they're taking
personal offense because we don't like
the thing they like because the things
we like are tied to what to to us maybe
maybe they shouldn't be don't don't
don't you take offense because we don't
like a thing you like
yes I know elite dangerous VR and that
would be neat in VR I can get it without
VR right now though it might add
something to it yes mine in here says
new ki VHS on eBay have become
impossible to find almost as expensive
as actual motion pictures Wow
I think J has gotten them all yeah yes I
don't know I believe it I believe it
intro strife in traverses do you hax
plan on playing star citizen on stream
in other words are you planning on
keeping prereq going until 2035 suck
macaque you glorious cosmic gods will
probably play at least a little bit of
star citizen I know nothing about it I
don't need that that's a rich game you
fly spaceships dad okay that sounds
great and and you can be like I think
you like what we said would be neat in
no man sky with the civilizations and
factions and being a pirate or having
jobs I think that's what star citizen is
and to some degree I haven't played much
of it like lead dangerous to you that we
played a little bit of lead dangerous
and it was too much for you you couldn't
handle the sim Eunice of it oh I think I
remember that yeah sorry Jen says hi
Jack and hi rich and Jack there are
movies that are so bad they're hilarious
do you know of any games that were bad
hilarious to you either unintentional or
intentional
for me it's Octodad and Raz evil six do
you want to stop now
you could stop now place embargo League
and we can answer the question
bad bad games that are fun oh I don't
think after dad's in that category
octave dad is deliberately awkward to
control well at others the same things
being bad or deliberately the bad
controls is the game yeah so like it's
perfect but it's purposefully bad any
any game that I've played that's just
been so bad you know like a bad movie is
bad I've never seen that that I've
enjoyed I've seen videos of big rigs on
the road racing uh-huh I've been
actually playing it would get old after
about two minutes yes so what do you do
what you done with us what are you done
with it a little bit John B 8:20 says
speaking of popcorn how many takes it
require for J to get the tossing of the
popcorn bowl just right well we only had
one take and it was it was somewhat
fucked up
does he have lines like right after and
he kind of like forgot the lines right
after the smash but we got the smash
okay good and then we cut in just like
like throwing the broken pieces of the
bowls like a cutaway right to go back to
his lines after that yes that's that is
exactly what you did mmm
unit 603 idiot yeah hey rich and Jake I
what adventure game do you want so I can
just buy it for you even even shitty
ones we all seem to have lots of fun
when you guys play them ever try any
ever try and LucasArts games LOL suck my
cock fork my cork I know the Lucas our
games are mostly point-and-click I don't
know they would make for an entertaining
stream with voices cuz it's fully voiced
but boys would find a grim fandago and I
like maniac mansion but
I mean that's almost like a hybrid
point-and-click slash parser game
because you know it's like you click on
like the words you want to do open sure
I mean I've never played maniac mansion
I've I've played approximately an hour
of maniac mansion when I was a kid and
and you know played it on the NES and I
said fuck this shit was great what not
fucking I love the shit out of maniac
mansion not necessarily my kind of thing
fuckin loved it but you know we could
try something like that or and I know
people really like their the tentacle
yeah something like that
voice Troy yeah 15 wisteria hey guys so
uh in your opinion do director slash
actors who star in Asylum films know
what they are getting into do they just
do it to get their name out there yes
asylum you can't not know what an asylum
film is at this point oh yeah
knowing at this point like it's people
who used to be famous right like I don't
why I don't think I've ever seen one I
think that like right now it's just
people who are desperately clinging on
and and so they're using what little
name recognition they have yeah but they
absolutely have to know what they're
getting into even if it wasn't an asylum
film if if something if someone like
reads a script or if someone has an
agent who's like there's this movie
called trans morphers yeah people go and
they know exactly what it is
right away absolutely Bob Lagarde says
absolutely got my hardcover graphic
novel of TMNT Batman today Freddie
Williams Illustrated well also you can
play games on console rich but you
choose PC people will choose VR all
titles will offer VR all right whatever
it's weird
hey we'll see how well it controls yes
this is literally just sent that today
I've been reading it right next to me
right now the hardcover collection of
Freddie Williams you
Batman meets the teenage Ninja Turtles
Howie I mean it's just it's right here
when he made that comment well thank you
I'm actually been reading it it's a
really how far in are ya oh okay it's a
fun read yeah it's fun that's a you know
it's a nice fanservice good Jeff more a
lot says my reading that right I never
know from reading those things right
okay what a lot s Mortal rot still want
to get rich front mission form but I
want to get Jack a game - would you like
Resident Evil 4 for Xbox one
it's stories can't be with bad action
movie dialogue and monster killing fun
what's what's the deal with your Xbox
one well we got the well we got the Xbox
one because I'm usually speaking the
console person what
I'm gonna get off of this okay let's
work done with this right yeah we're
totally done with this are we switching
regulators or something sugar yeah get
that going I'll go with them so
generally speaking on the console person
and you know we had we had and I said oh
we should really get an Xbox one so I
can play some of these Xbox one
exclusive titles and then about a week
after I got my Xbox one
Microsoft made the announcement are you
sure your board doesn't have a bluetooth
I'm sure yeah there might be a cord in
here somewhere so about a week after I
got my Xbox Microsoft started to
announce that practically anything
that's an Xbox one exclusive will also
be on the Windows 10 store yeah so
basically in validating my purchase and
now that I am building a PC and by the
way I started getting parts in today I'm
you know what I'm waiting on waiting on
that beautiful case and I'm waiting on
my motherboard I mean I know you showed
me the heartbeat monitor I rode my bike
so I did my pieces in today but here is
the heartbeat monitor that I will be
hooking up to myself while building the
PC so you people know when I am totally
freaking out about building the PC
so in any case what is probably going to
happen to that Xbox one is I'll just be
selling it be good to help pay for the
computer yeah and just to put back into
the prereq funds because I'm a dope I'm
a dopey dope and hindsight proves that I
am a big dopey dope yeah check in those
drawers we might I might have gotten
another big long table is that it yes oh
yeah that's great cool can we bribe rich
to freak

[Part II]
can we bribe rich to freak Jack out
while he is building his PC yes I do
accept bribes no and you know Oh bother
I I'm looking forward to this I'm
comfortable around electronics I've been
spending watching a shit ton of YouTube
videos might the only thing I'm waiting
for I'm waiting for the motherboard and
once I get the motherboard the only
thing that might not work you know so it
all depends on like when we can actually
do the stream is because it's a
everything needs to be low-profile the
CPU cooler I got might not work with the
RAM I got like the the CPU cooler is
gonna be pretty close to the motherboard
and it's wide it's actually it's really
interesting the CPU cooler I had to get
a different one than you got the low
profile and and so it looks kind of
interesting great reviews there we go
yep it rumbled it rumbled a temple dude
good great reviews but I don't know Ram
clearance is tricky right and so that's
the thing is like I'm not sure if my CPU
cooler will clear the RAM that's what
I'm worried about at this point so as
soon as I get my motherboard I'll
actually be able to like half put it
together where do we go to put in a
password and all that jazz create match
I missed the part where we do that
Oh leave what yeah that's weird
be an exhibition write the stuff in
liquid oh no not an exhibition there you
go drew a create prevent the stuff in
liquid cooler and I did look into liquid
coolers but the stuff in liquid cooler
is is kind of like anti freeze as well
to make sure that the stuff doesn't
freeze if it gets too cold and I could
have gotten I saw a really nice Corsair
liquid cooler that would have fit in
perfectly and continued with the small
form and actually my case has two
special holes in case I ever do want the
password is one two three four
the password is one two three four yeah
great so if I ever do want to do liquid
cooling in the future I can the problem
with that is the radiator especially for
the Corsair needed to go on top of my
tower completely ruining the beautiful
slim form of my tower so I could I
didn't I chose not to do liquid cooling
because it would ruin the aesthetic but
I found this really nice cooler that uh
that I'm excited about
in general liquid be so worried about
that gonna be fucked and I've seen a
couple people who who who have said like
this shipped with a leak in it but then
they got replaced but most people seem
to be pretty happy with it it looks
great and I and I agree I'm not super
worried about heating because I don't
plan on overclocking my CPU so I'm not
really worried about overheating the the
heatsink
overclocking is a thing but I mean if
it's a smaller case he might just be an
issue because the case is smaller sure
oh sure sure and you know all I have to
go on right now hang up right now I'll
have to go Iran is uh is his reviews
some liquid cool amounts can't go into
the back of the case like I said my my
case is a smaller form case and so I
don't want to I don't want to cover up
the exhaust fan on the small case oh
you're head rich damn you Nigel pepper
cock right over your head like a dope
yep my god
don't know guess I will just sit here
and let Nigel pepper cock
uh yeah room name is prereq password is
one two three four
obviously you can't get out in this game
but next one oh yeah our Miller I will I
will tell you all of my all of my you
know like I got pretty standard parts
and I will let you know all of my stuff
so if some damn you Nigel Deborah
cockeyed your pepper cock for the second
school so if my bill does turn out not
to be a horrible disaster you can copy
my build I will give you all the specs
but it's all it's all pretty normal
stuff you know I five six six hundred
processor which is a very nice processor
the gtx 1070 graphics card i know
everyone's up on the 1080 and and i did
double check the 1080 will fit but it
was like five hundred dollars more but
the 1072 look like it was still a very
nice graphics card nope I gotta learn to
do that aerial shit oh man you really do
it's a game changer
the little aerial stuff I've done nice
oh you like that you fooled me for the
last time Pepa cock
1072 bees great you know I'm not like
I've I've spent oh hey nice I've spent
some some real nights reading up on all
this shit hopefully all of my
measurements worked out because like
some sites have their measurements in
like centimeters some haven't been
inches and somehow millimeters and so
like basically I had one Google sheet
open with a converter and two pages open
with my case schematics and the the the
schematics of the thing I was trying to
put in the case and I believe all my
conversions works I really hope that
they all work it'll be fine
that's I guess that's what they dub
you're gonna smell burning plastic one
day and that's what that heart monitors
for right and is that like okay finally
the final component my power supply
everything oh it doesn't fit did it
maybe I put it inside right let's see
you get the hammer oh my lord
did you try PC part picker to check your
compatibility no no I just did all the
measurements and you know like some of
the things you know like for for example
for my case I needed a mini ATX
motherboard and so you know then you
just go to new egg and type in mini ATX
and all the mini ATX is show up and and
then you know for my cooler you know the
cooler says oh you need this input to
power and this input to control and I
looked on my motherboard and I said oh
yeah that has the correct input in power
give the correct power supply jack Oh
for how many watts yes I believe I have
more than enough and Kate you know the
thinking about future proofing I should
have more than of guess 750 watts I need
to do some updating yeah and I might get
a bigger power supply oh yeah what do
you have known 650 I think it's I think
they're nuts okay I didn't go nuts sure
I did I need to save money somewhere
yeah absolutely
Darth Steven s I am I'm getting the
Leanne Lee P Q 10 I want to say it's
called the Lee Anne Lee P Q 10 or Q P 10
I forget exactly which still like to
change mine now and anything it's all
it's all done deal
oh yeah no I just forget the the Lee Ann
Lee piece
oh the PC q10 that's what it's called
Lee Ann Lee PC q10 thank you so it's a
it's a really gorgeous small form case
with with a glass on one side oh yeah I
got the fancy case I know I need a I
like you don't really need anything I
would like a case that I
and put on my desk and have looked
pretty for every once in a while I do
have clients in my office like for
editing sessions looks extra fancy and
well you know I it's people are over at
my house all the time people are in my
office all the time especially clients
and so yeah you know I want it to look
nice you should see what I write after
this
edit which was a pretty tough edit for
me I got I got a under mounted wire
management system which is basically
just like a big ass basket that hangs
under your desk and I got a new monitor
stand for my second monitor and I got a
little thing too for under my desk for
all my consoles and stuff to go so now
the top of my desk is completely barren
except for my mouse and keyboard and it
is beautiful it is like Zen and what's
gonna happen is when I start my next
project I'm gonna start piling shit up
on it again because that's what I always
do cuz who cares how my desk looks I
have a project yeah and then after that
projects then I'll sin again and right
now I'm all Zen with my desk and I
fucking love it and then I'm gonna have
this gorgeous PC right there just part
of my Zen wrench I love my desk but I
know it's falling apart oh yeah
beautiful l-shaped desk but them mm-hmm
you know the fake wood starting to peel
off the particle board the edges are all
worn off my keyboard drawer is all kinds
of fucked up oh and the top of the hutch
where I've got my life-size spider-man
bust it's it's it's starting to get
weighed down it's starting to droop the
hunch no no yes I have a life-sized
spider-man bust
I think they've seen it right that that
has appeared yeah that's been in was the
spider-man axis long where there was a
comic book store which I think was the
amazing spider-man yeah
yeah my debt my task is very simple I my
desk is is a giant piece of wood with
four legs there is nothing special about
my desk it's just a giant piece of wood
with four legs but for a long time you
know like right now I have the Xbox one
I have the ps4 in my desk I have it
hooked up to my second monitor I have
all of like my video recording equipment
for you know like when I record gameplay
footage and all of those wires were just
in a clump they were in a rat's nest
yeah so I got I got a little it's like a
basket from Ikea that just screws into
the bottom of your desk and you can like
put your rat's nest there basically like
it's not an organizer it's literally a
hider mm-hmm it's just like yeah put
your rat's nest here then you won't see
it which is all I want oh nice save rich
rich Evans huge save huge save get that
get there get there fucked fucked that's
all right
did I get that piece of wood from the
dump no it was it was it's actually a
far more expensive desk than I paid for
it it was a it was a Craigslist find I
just spent a long time looking at
Craigslist just a really nice desk our
tips coming in again I'm sorry I haven't
been reading tips because I thought they
weren't coming in oh my god I'm very
very very very sorry everybody where did
we
hold on still want to get front mission
for we've read that angel pepper cock
where are you now dammit we're on the
same team you vanished Oh
first of all mortal mortal rots I really
love Resident Evil 4 you don't have to
get it for me I've played it already but
I really love Resident Evil 4 shock my
kid said you crucified me everyone loved
and I thought removing the once oh we
already read that II Ferren said thanks
for playing no man's sky I think I'll
wait till the price goes down below 40
and they released a DLC that adds
gameplay to the game also the breaking
pottery that breaking pottery sound
never gets old
the the Kerlin Ness car sound yes I
agree with that every time I hear that
in rlm video it's it's like a it's like
a warm hug it's magic it's magic hey
rich says anonymous it's pretty common
knowledge that you're a huge maniac
mansion fan apparently so it begs the
question when will Jack let his kids
start mowing the lawn it doesn't beg
that question it does beg that question
I will let I will mine well I will I
will let my kids start mowing the lawn
the absolute second that they are able
to I hate mowing my lawn and I live in
the city so my lawn is no bigger than
this tiny room were in and I hate that I
fucking hate yard work with lawn sizes
real passion so as soon as their tiny
bodies are able to push that lawn more
it is no longer my job nice rich nice
clear ball or a nice clear ball would be
on the other side of the course you kept
it away from your goal for a moment Oh
what are this what are my specs on my
lawn oh it's it's only a 960 but uh I
think I'll upgrade to the PQ 20
I hate mowing my lawn so hard and it
honestly like with edging and taking my
clippings to the garbage it maybe takes
me 25 minutes I still hate it so much
ah let's see here anonymous says
sharknado 1 is actually a funny bad
movie because it doesn't have the
cynical shit bad asylum films do there's
a reason it got big but Sharktopus
didn't see it - is math 3 sucks
yeah the first sharknado was kind of a
stab in the dark right well stab in the
dark it was a funny title yeah but I
think they were still trying to make a
real movie sharknado that's a that's a
funny idea
that's like me yeah but that's before
people loved it because it was a funny
idea and they stopped caring about the
quality they didn't I never save do they
care in the first place is that true I
don't know I assumed they did people
loved sharknado but yeah pretty
generally oh oh get there nice shot
nice shot where were we tired and sad
now that it's been a few years later the
fourth season of Arrested Development is
much better in retrospect although it is
often aliy at times what are your guys
thoughts did you watch the force 14 I
haven't seen all the second season oh i
binge watch it I think my brain got
exhausted of it after halfway through
the second season all right yeah and I
never went back to the fourth season
because I really didn't care for it
it would just felt weird and it felt
wrong and you know I know there were
there huge challenges I know there are
huge challenges with getting the cast
together and shooting it but it still
just didn't feel it didn't feel as good
so I don't know if I don't know if I
will ever I don't think this comeback is
gonna happen well not when you whiffed
like that straight up with rich
straight-up riff Oh God
threw that at my belly I left over on a
tired and sad okay ah I love rocket
loved overbeat cake says this tip for
rich to play some kind of Pokemon game
or 2d twin-stick pixel graphic indie
shooter game max sound volume while jack
is building yes oh my god you fuck fuck
we'll see we'll see but yeah that would
that would suck if you pay if you played
Pokemon uranium which I do want to play
on stream is that totally played
straight isn't like any kind of parody
aspect of the Pokemon uranium's
no no it's supposed to be just a Pokemon
game now everyone remember if you've
played what do we say usually two games
yeah if you've played two games bow out
and let someone else get a turn I'm
looking at you Nigel pepper cock the
is prereq one word and the code to get
in is one two three four
yes so if you could please bow out and
give other people a chance to play with
us and then you know and if by the time
we've started if nobody else has joined
in right if we're playing with like BOTS
then you could jump back in right but
give give everyone a chance to play you
did six oh three idiot says okay
given that rich like maniac mansion here
is money to buy either Zack McCracken or
Monkey Island on GOG both are the same
hybrid point-and-click as maniac mansion
Zack McCracken so yep so do it an
entertain us
okay well we'll see you know we play we
play the adventure games every so often
I just like the names Zack McCracken oh
we did get sent an it was I think was
sorry but I don't wanna that could be
wrong I sent us the the the bird lawyer
one the bird lawyer the the the bird
Phoenix right game any aviary attorney
oh oh
I was there I was there you fuck that
was sir it wasn't it was somebody else
I'm horribly sorry I've got a photo no
oh God thank you I almost hit it into my
own goal and I would've felt really bad
about a few games lately sure it might
be wrong but who gave me what it's
they're gonna didn't boom I got the
assist I got the assist young yeah yeah
yeah we like the adventure games we like
all that stuff
fisted by dope smokers nor hardware does
not usually mean more power draw
so future-proofing by getting a big
power supply is not really a thing 650
watts is plenty for almost any single
graphics card build income look when I
got when I got the 650 saying that's
gonna be fine everyone and their mother
was telling me now you need to get
something bigger that's way too small
that you know like everyone was saying
that well I think much like people
freaking out about the beloved movies
and and their favorite comic books and
consoles apparently people have now
taken to PC parts to define their lives
because I will tell you searching all of
these forums and and this is the one you
gotta get this is oh no this is though
this is this one change your life that
one sucks oh my god I can't even believe
it like and I'm I'm sure all of them
work in their own manner but oh fuck oh
I whipped
oh I lived I'm so sorry nobody cook says
Zack McCracken and the alien Mindbenders
was my favorite LucasArts game on my
commodore 64 a great follow-up to maniac
mansion highly recommend for a retro
game for your voice talent that sounds
great Zack yeah I just like the name so
let's play is that we've done a lot of
ceará ones yeah and I don't know about
the police question we should finish
that I had a bad time we weren't getting
much to work with with the descriptions
for comedy and Plus usually we take with
the same we've riff on it a little bit
but yeah the auto scroll made that like
impossible we had to read it as they
said it and quickly and I wouldn't be
able to I did see someone said like you
can change the speed of just the tech
scroll I might have missed that but it's
also still like auto scroll like we what
if what if you know you're going to an
extended improv session right right so I
like this idea I don't I don't
I do not want to do any more police
quest three and you know now we have
some other options and Oh nope no no no
no what oh my god I goofed everyone sir
you got everyone I really teams Morales
b4 I ruined the team's morale oh now we
got a fight back weird I mean we're only
one down we're fine we can do this
everyone we I believe in us
mother mother fuck mother fuck mother
fuck fuck fuck Nanami says Rico rich and
Friends / relatives has the mind of a
true craftsman he is a man who can do
anything to anything one of the most
advanced beings in the universe example
pling keto signaling keto oh yeah well
what was the brand of cold coffee brew
that was suggested by oh I don't
remember I see that you in the chat it's
great it was suggested by someone
someone tweeted me I want to say a cold
coffee brewer and it's great and I can
look it up for you as soon as I'm done
playing rocket League because I'm not
gonna know I do one or two I do one or
two I really need to redeem myself okay
after that's fine that's fine that was
not the time not there I thought I could
get there in time I can tell you exactly
what my cold coffee brewer which I love
by the way
that one was my fault because you
probably should have kicked off the ball
but I was fucking with you
that was that's that one goal was
completely on me and I'm not even
playing but what we have here is a
situation in which team morale is at an
all-time low because we haven't scored
we haven't even touch the ball and like
there we go
alright once we can score a point I
think we can rally I think we can puke
and rally here you just want to be able
to backwards flip don't you oh I do
backwards flip can you
well you know you can you can bicycle
kick yeah it doesn't make it go very far
but works in a pinch rich view or Jack
could have gone on any game show in
history what would you have wanted to go
on press your walk motherfucker
press your luck look fun yeah yeah Jack
has no answer his eye I'm just he's
doing it as rocket League juices I'm
just you have these games do some of
your sweet new aerials oh god I can do
them like what every once in a while
they're for and they're very and they're
very yeah I can try but I every now and
then I get up but I with like 90% of the
time I think everyone does Doug's are
people who are godlike Adam do you ever
watch the racket league championships
that were going on recently no oh my god
are they great it makes you it makes you
feel sick and bad we I thought it I
thought I was going to back it into your
own goal yes she had only 30 seconds
remaining we're so boned you can do it
you can do it oh no he can't spooky
Dookie ruined your chances for reduction
I got it I got it you got my god you
better Jack yes redeemed at one point
that I gave one you gave up that's all
you need to redeem
okay now guys four more points and we
got this zach is wax's if we're still
talking about add-ons for Jack's PC
build stream hmm here's money for rich
to use an airhorn when Jack messes up
more attention for Jack and us his his
success means our eardrums don't explode
look like if you want me to explode your
eardrums
I don't need an airhorn for that he's
goddamn I can do that just fine with my
natural pipes right hold on one moment
I'm going to it's just one two three
four not one two three four five just
one two three four nonnamous says I can
only imagine that Mike must be at the
studio from time to time while you two
are streaming is he really that
vehemently against it does he hate the
live format so much I might usually hear
earlier in the day and we usually stream
in the evenings and yes he's not a video
game guy he he would hate the format
that much yes what we're doing right now
it's just incomprehensible to Mike yeah
are you done what you can play another
round oh yeah oh you're already checked
I'm already checked I was looking up
there my cold coffee brewer I'm done I'm
sorry yeah what is it automatically
start it so weird everybody who's
playing this check why are they doing
the countdown two people are not murder
great oh they're what I think they left
cuz they're giving other people I don't
that's nice so for the business I would
start with BOTS there for for the person
who asked about my cold coffee brewer it
is a willow and Everett one quart iced
coffee glass pitcher with removable
filter will oh and Everett it's a really
great iced coffee maker put the grounds
in the filter let it sit in the fridge
overnight and you got yourself at least
four solid glasses of iced coffee you
just have to remember to make it the
next day
which is sometimes the hard part but you
have to you have to remember to make it
for the next day
we're losing already willow and Everett
fine called iced coffee maker cold brew
iced coffee maker Jack I saw how that
last match ended you can do some sweet
stuff to make up for the deficit you can
do it jack I mean it now I was still
talking about iced coffee a minute
that's fair that's fair this biscuit
count does biscuit count as what what
would biscuit count s or against sweet
save that's good it's almost as good as
a score well shit it's gonna have to be
it's all I got back it back it didn't go
in it's fine
that wasn't a commentary on your play
I'm just oh that was close that was
close yeah yeah I got so defensive jack
luckily put your shields down jack fuck
it with my rocket League lower your
shields all right I'm not gone you can
lower your ships son come oh oh we're
getting Internet we're getting Internet
it's fine it's fine
see I should have forgetting internet
here then then rocket League is just
having issues they should have great
internet we do have great internet and
great internet all the time here that's
the rule and I blame rocket League one
Oh
robbed robbed stopped the momentum stop
the momentum get out of here mr. glitch
you need to gain the momentum huh why I
stopped their momentum there their shot
on goal momentum that's a real thing oh
fuck every all bicycle hit well
sometimes if you can just knock the ball
up in the air you give your other
teammates time just to get in position
absolutely yeah I'm done with that I'm
done with that well and then a lot of
times like if you can just knock it you
know away from them going on the goal
you know it's just off ruins there and
don't worry about it don't know talk
jack no talk just right talking's on me
were these guys playing Starbound really
yes we were
yes we were now we're playing rock oh oh
you know what I might not have updated
it in chatty okay I updated it on the
the text anything can you go into
channel everything in so I could figure
out I guess what I'm saying is you can
will you worst thing for it there is
there it is yeah cuz twitch probably
still thanks for playing that yeah yeah
it does
Starbound I'm changing it so sorry for
anyone who came in here looking for some
sweet Starbound action that's the worst
that ball that ball rolled in because of
gravity like no one hated in oh one
against you yeah and it just makes you
feel sorry yeah terrible makes me feel
like a Dookie fuck
makes you feel like a big old Dookie I
changed the game and I changed the title
to vom to rock nice which doesn't make
much sense fine get the wall action
going on there jack bicycle hit bicycle
hit and an aerial hit nope
things should be properly updated
everything's fine now
King Craig is disappointed they love
Starbound oh I'm sorry King Craig you
know wasn't necessarily feeling it
obviously super early into the into the
stuff but I spooky Dookie spooky Dookie
nice I get it though like Starbound I
can get I think I think sometimes we
need to have more I think we make a
mistake playing everything for the first
time on stream mm-hmm I think it's
probably best if we have some off off
stream experience playing and so when I
just complete Doom's um maybe I think
there's an argument this is why our why
our FTL streams are great well I'm dead
I'm dead serious if we were if we'd
played FTL for the first fucking time it
would be awful it'd be fucking miserable
but the other thing that makes our FTL
streams great is you usually don't talk
much wait wait wait wait wait wait till
I go wait till I get to the whole thing
rich rookie Dookie is carrying your ass
I just want to point that wait till I
get to the whole thing which so what
usually happens when you don't talk much
is I just jibber constantly right and
then you add in your jokes it's the
exact same when I'm super into a game
and I don't talk okay
so FTL is a special circumstance because
the person playing whether it's you or
me is too into the game and the other
person does all the talking this is to
come back of the Year by the way yeah
we're doing pretty great so
special circumstances also I feels great
so everyone loves FTL except for the
people who don't apparently
the very least if it's a game we like we
should come back and replay it after
getting more time into it oh yeah like
our first hyper light drifter stream
yeah terrible I played it again one
stream and it was decent it wasn't awful
but the first time we played it awful
I'm sure there will be more dead rising
from me sooner or later
no I don't know if it's gonna be dead
rising one because I'd beat the shit out
of that game oh yeah I made that game
look like a fucking chump and there's I
made it to the top of Everest you know
and I join I made it to the top of
Everest and I jumped as high as I could
yeah yeah and and videotaped yourself
whilst as high as you could
absolutely but there are sequels oh yeah
yeah yeah I still have to have a good
Dead Rising to run that's not happened
so there you go got something to work
for alright so if you've played two
matches your spec for jump out let
somebody else have a chance to come in
absolutely had the rooms name is prereq
the code to get in is one two three four
easy peasy no ultimate sure that was not
a humble brag rich is just bragging and
he deserves to brag because I had a
fucking deathless perfect Dead Rising
run but perma I did everything you can
do in the game he did everything one two
hun one fucking run there list in the
game and then he defeated the enemy by
spitting on him all in front of a live
audience
so yeah you that's not a humble brag
that's just bragging and sometimes when
you're good at something you can brag
about it
hey any chance I could what hold on Jack
any chance you could make a just FTL
playlists of the youtube uploads they
genuinely are some of the episodes with
the most rewatch value ah I like I
probably won't but if you if you want to
yeah go ahead
just because finding them would probably
add a pain in the butt for me yeah well
you know you know what the other thing
about FTL that makes it kind of special
not just a game that we know it's a game
that at any moment you can pause right
yeah so like rocket League you got to
keep playing so if you want to like
really think about a point and and say
some stuff about it you can't pause
rocket League while you do that but FTL
is a game that kind of self pauses so
you can do you can hat like get into
that conversation then go back into the
game very very oh nice dribbling by the
way and then it didn't good I it was
impressive that kind of ball control oh
my god bunched up like that for I'm so
stupid
Sentret Sentret oh oh you're in a
position rich you were not in position
it's just not in the right position I
was in a position yeah he means a
YouTube playlist for the channel I don't
understand jakela we have a youtube
playlist for all the live streams they
want one with it's just FTL yeah
nice try let's try with that demo bitch
I hate it when they do that
know what win it anyway good shot I
totally fucked that up though any other
games either rich or Jack feels like
they could do a no death run or
equivalent yes on stream yes what do you
think several of them
oh go flirt flirt I came very close with
Maximo not swell while ago no oh get out
of there get out of that Carter I had
one fuck up yeah yeah Maximo Oh Maximo
the night in his end up oh and no one's
there is it going in oh is that going
nice nice
I've known this before we're straying
I've done know death runs of Ninja
Gaiden mm-hmm
doom I didn't want to do them the new
one oh happy that was that was segmented
though it's too long in only two days
sure half the game would half the game
that's pretty exciting though No More
Heroes 1 & 2
good
yeah and you know I guess I've never
really paid attention I've never bough
oh I've never been the type of gamer to
like pay attention to stuff like that
necessarily sound like that look at is
it is it good it will it yes
whole-wheat wrap rich from down
Jebus
jeebus creepeth a Regius factor we did
not take a two-week vacation from
streaming we missed like a day here and
a day there yeah no we did not a
two-week vacation no like we are you
know we missed it one day one week and
another now I was fine just being a
dickhead I totally forgot these two hack
stream that day after that two-week
vacation they took his fuckin what the
fuck was that
did you ever go to summer camp when you
were younger
yep I also never went to summer camp I
went camping a lot oh good game never to
a like summer camp we would go camping
all the time but uh hey that's what you
like doing just wiggling your wheels
back and forth everybody's got their own
thing which for me I like to jump up and
then try to hover as long as I can and
then shoot up and try to come back down
and stay perfectly vertical just to be
like look at look at my control yeah
control you're playing it cool those
guys yeah ever all these dickheads are
jumping around me I'm just but you know
I'm here don't you criminy Sara Jen
here's a tip saying I'm so sorry and
that was so embarrassing
Sara Janet it was a team loss it's a
team game that means a team loses also
there's an AI in here so someone can
join in yeah someone can join in so
anyone can join in right now the room
name is prereq and and the password is
one two three four and I think right now
it's still only PlayStation and and PC
right and Eric an Xbox player PC now -
you don't know I don't know damn it I
think my blood you think your blood
pressure skyrockets air chain you gotta
get yourself on these hard monitors C
Block might just have an icon that says
AI oh oh maybe maybe that's funny just
plain too good to be back yeah oh yeah
commenting to C Block is a person with a
very clever thumbnail yes C Block you
approved you bastard
that's great Xbox can play buck in Xbox
play with
s4 right that's the there's that there
still hold out there
there no no okay I don't know what no
means but oh no Jack what Jack trigger
Joyce yes I do plan on watching Luke
Cage when it comes out of Netflix as I I
have liked all of the Marvel Netflix
shows so far so it would only stand to
reason that I would also like Luke Cage
I hope excellent procedure there barrel
roll the the standard barrel roll gold
very very coy of you a very coy way of
you Richard Evans I hope I hope they get
into a little bit of that Hero for Hire
stuff because I know that's kind of what
made him an interesting character in the
first place right now it's kind of
looking like he's just big strong
daredevil you know just protecting his
neighborhood because that's what he
feels is right and this it's fine but I
did like the Hero for Hire gimmick nice
I think that was an interesting angle
yeah you know we got we got a kind of an
interesting angle with Jessica Jones as
kind of like she was coming from the
angle of a victim and you know little
empowerment there from a victim becoming
stronger and I thought that was an
interesting way to take it so I hope
they do something interesting with Luke
Cage but I'll watch it because I like
the Marvel Netflix shows oh wow
Colin we have no thoughts on star
citizen yet and rich would have the
thoughts it'll be great if they come
through with everything they want to do
with it
mm-hmm well see we have another no man's
sky where's
the shit it's not in the game right oh
yeah so about that Kickstarter money oh
you want joint factions by oh well you
really well Chad now says you should try
the beta what happened I did do it you
should try to the beta of neo on ps4 its
Dark Souls like game made by Team Ninja
we tried to do that once but the beta
got pulled before we could get in on it
and now it's you know I'm just gonna
wait till the game comes out we'll
probably like it so well
we are predisposed to like it because we
like the combat system of Dark Souls and
blood-borne is what I will say which I
believe is an accurate statement rich we
are predisposed to like neo because it
is apparently the same combat system of
Dark Souls and blood-borne okay
different makers different makers team
ninja hmm I don't know if I want Team
Ninja to make off from software game
well I want them to make a team ninja
game but you know the guy liked the
blood-borne Dark Souls combat mm-hmm and
it'll be that but with samurais so yeah
I my interest is Peaks but I'll probably
wait till the game comes out because I
in general try to stay away from early
access games to make sure I don't fall
in love with something that gets taken
out or something that's in there ends up
you know making me not want to play it
once it's finished purple space bazooka
says hey guys feeling depressed after
the whole no man's sky swindle felt like
I got suckered after the whole
fraudulent result have some beer soda
money for properly roasting it
thanks and take care and I know like
that's been the comments section of the
review has been great a lot a lot of a
lot of good back and forth my favorite
is all the comments from potheads saying
not even me as a pothead will play this
damn game and I thought that was really
funny because like I said like I said
probably last stream I think me as a
pothead would play the game but a lot of
people have an issue with with my
malicious lie statement yeah
a lie is a lie and and the whole point
of that was I don't believe that I think
there was some little bit of militia
going on like deliver we know this is
gonna be here at this point but we're
bad I'd say a much bad right and you
know that's where there's a video I will
show you when we're done okay I can find
it I forgot what it's called hmm well
they've seen I've seen the one of like
no man's lies it's like a compilation of
all is yeah yeah and then like the stuff
that didn't make him to the game i it's
you know me I'm generally like a pretty
positive positive person and so I'm I'm
thinking of the humanity I'm trying to
believe that was purple space bazooka
I'm trying to think of the people who
made this humanity and I would like to
think that it's just stuff that couldn't
end up in the game it would be great if
they could clarify just this guy you
know says thanks for trying Starbound
I'll have to watch the recording but
yeah it's not a great stream game I just
love that kind of resource collection
bullshit also heads up more snacks
coming Friday excellent excellent
the I can see the appeal of Starbound
and so far it looks exactly like all the
stuff we wanted but in 2d I can't
comment I'm supposed to just by chance
all right
no it's everything about it seemed on
point
so it was very Minecraft II so I could
see like if you had a specific goal it
doesn't matter if they were lying or not
anyway the game still fucking dull well
and that was that was the and I'm glad
that came through you know in our
conversation in editing which is even
the things they tried to achieve I don't
think they did
poke it in sometimes you get it you got
a hold back on that second jump button
just a bit how do you feel about people
criticizing us for calling it repetitive
because other games repetitive what like
Mario repetitive mega man's repetitive
the blast love lo mega how it plays an
awful lot like the first level missing
the point that there's those are fun
repetitive games you're doing the same
things over and over and you don't care
because they're fun things to be doing
sure and doing anything fun no man sky
well you really feel the repetition like
Mario's repetitive because you jump a
lot is that there is that thanks not
where it's just like yes but you're
jumping over different things and the
jumping is continually challenging get
fucked fighting games awfully repetitive
but just beat up people just punch
person that's but it's fun right because
the the challenge is Oh better that's
fine I'll do it all day because it's fun
yeah just block I'm just blocking I know
I where'd that was my fault I whipped
that that was my fault look what happens
here
look I'm perfectly poised and I I was
perfectly poised to block that and I
absolutely missed I hope everyone sees
that and shames me for it no you know
what's like what's really repetitive
it's rocket League look all we're doing
all we're doing is driving and hitting
that ball over and over and over again
right yeah but what's not challenged or
it's not repetitive is the
you got it no no it's it's all a network
timeout look stuff still stuffs
happening on screen and it's not it has
an updated SEO we're still streaming
someone sings oh there we go
Wow hopefully ever hopeful II it
streamed my matrix moment there where I
made the goal and was the hero only to
have it taken away from me there was a
glitch in Jack's matrix and my hero
moment was taken away from me where I
made the goal hopefully everyone saw
that are we still streaming they're
still talking to us
yep yep I've been mentioning whom I was
robbed
I'll get to it yes okay grace is robbed
great anonymous says here is the exact
cost of a 12 pack of Mountain Dew
including Wisconsin sales tax because
you're worth it love a successful pooper
thank you very much thanks for the
Mountain Dew congratulations on the poop
I don't I'm probably just gonna buy the
crab juice though Simpsons reference
wears in New York it's actually the 9/11
episode when he's at the World Trade
Center and there's a little stand and he
needs something to drink and like the
guys at the little food stand says we
only own William Mountain Dew and crab
juice and Homer go see you I'll have the
crab juice that's good yeah Kalash
that's what he was selling color coke
Kalash or something yes
you know now that I'm an adult
yeah I can honestly not tell you the
last time I've had a mountain Dew and
never really like Mountain Dew oh yeah
yeah I like I like to do I did to do
know I did it no I don't know if I was
all up in it but I didn't do and yeah
and I just don't drink soda much anymore
no you weren't the hero well that's fine
attack was the hero but you know what I
was there oh how close was I I just felt
like I was really close and this is
probably gonna tell me I wasn't very
close it up you were close Jack I was so
close
it was hurt to watch don't they little
Duke Oh suppose you know that was a you
know that was a mild aerial a mild
aerial Muriel Muriel see like what the
fuck was that I was going again I was
like oh here's another perfect
opportunity for a mild aerial no no stop
doing it
get another corner I could use some
boost juice right about now same old
Rockettes brother calls Mountain Dew
Panther piss cuz he he thinks it makes
him sound cool he could just think it
tastes like piss because it's Mountain
Dew right that's possible I think we can
have a serious conversation about
Mountain Dew and just all agree that
it's garbage you got it you got it you
got you seem a fuck that up for you they
didn't know there's no way they could
have not Oh totally fuck that up there's
no way they could have known there's no
way they could have known that was
painful to watch Jack I was their house
right there
that someone else was the hero that's
nice your moment was stolen I don't need
to be the hero rich as I'm just I'm on
the team
I can have my hero moments that's great
but if my team wins I still win I don't
want to speak for Jack but we didn't
talk about civil war at least I didn't
have any talker because I didn't really
have anything dad I didn't I didn't
especially love it
there's fine-ish haven't we I mean we've
talked we've probably talked about it on
prereq kamilly or have we not is that
what we didn't have like a big
conversation about a race oh yeah I mean
yeah I got I really don't have anything
to say about it yeah and you know what I
I will have more to say on it after a
second viewing no oh by over time the
more I think about it the more I think I
don't like it I don't even I don't know
I don't know where I was I don't know
what I was doing and I don't I I'm sorry
for everyone involved that you're second
I think so I don't really know I'm not
I'm not really paying attention but I
think you know the thing I think that I
don't know if we talked about this or if
you mentioned this when you were on half
in the bag is that it feels like two
separate movies
if it feels civil war feels like Captain
America the Winter Soldier part two and
Avengers Civil War
yeah and you can clearly cut the two
separate movies I might have said that I
don't even remember at this point
and the more I think about it the more
evident that is I might've liked it more
without the spectacle just making it
Captain America's Winter Soldier - you
know that's what we needed
here's all the heroes they're just gonna
have a goofy fight scene that's just
bumped into the middle of movie because
there has to be there right right it
felt like that needed a buildup like
Avengers gone if like civil war needed a
bigger build then oh rich Evans with the
patients he was right there the fact
that Spiderman was there and ant-man and
that that you know and even fuck is my
fault even iron patriot like the fact
that iron patriot is there the fact that
they were fighting seems like it came
out of nowhere
that was totally on me right like if we
would have had Winter Soldier part two
with a little bit of Iron Man that would
have sown the seeds of dissent right a
little bit of Iron Man in there and then
like that that way and you know we
already have the seeds of dissent from
Tony making Ultron spoiler alert
in in Avengers age of Ultron then we
have this situation where captain fucks
up and now Tony's pissed and then in the
Avengers Civil War we have we have the
whole them blowing up people and the
nation getting upset it and then they we
already have the seeds of distrust sewn
right and that would have made
significantly more sense but because
they're lumping it all in one movie it
feels kind of bloated I am gonna
re-watch it now that I think it's out
blue ran on video on demand now I'm
gonna rent it and re-watch it and just
see if it still feels as bloated as it
was because that's what it felt like to
me just bloated Oh Ariel oh rich that
was a beautiful Ariel nice little little
blooper little blooper
well it's no it's not that cap fucked up
like of course they saved lives by
stopping the bad guy but there were
there were civilian casualties during
the fuck up and like and in the movie I
think that a lot of a lot of their
actions come out of nowhere like we're
Ironman is is very for this and it's not
super clear why he's for it and Captain
America is very against it and he makes
a small case for himself but it's very
light it's very light and it's very
quick yes oh nice nice goalie nice
goalie action whoever that goalie was
tape so like all of their motivation
felt very weak and very rushed it needed
it if it was two movies we could have
gotten a lot Oh No
oh right and then we get to the whole
ending of Civil War and the fight that
takes place because of it and it's just
I don't know again forced forced rushed
bloated all of these things I feel
describe Captain America Civil War but I
had some enjoyable moments
spider-man's great in it spider-man's
great in it some of the fight some of
the actions are really cool there's some
really neat moments I love I love the
whole Scarlet Witch thing I love that
Tony Stark and vision know immediately
how powerful Wanda is and that she needs
to be controlled before she can figure
it out I think that was a really
beautiful like character thing for
Scarlet Witch right is when she starts
to figure out that she's under house
arrest and then it's it's really just
because Iron Man's afraid of her joining
the other team because she is so
powerful I thought like that was a
really great Scarlet Witch moment the
vision in his fucking v-neck sweater
phasing through walls get out of town I
will take a movie of just vision being
like the wacky next-door neighbor in
that fucking v-neck sweater that was
great that was an amazing pass you just
have to keep getting it there rich here
we go
no they're not where where's your team
where's your team where's the team
that's right thrombus the Garlock says
the the fight at the end has more or
less nothing to do with anything that
happened earlier in the film the fight
in the middle and the fight at the end
happened for totally different reasons
is because their scripts came from two
different movies this is what happened
yeah yeah that being said it was still
an enjoyable watch because it had enough
fun moments and that's really why I want
to re-watch it is just to figure out
like overall it wasn't worth it like was
a good enough movie I think it was a
good enough movie yeah yeah I probably
won't rewatch it yeah well you're I know
you're not a big like you're not as big
into the Marvel Cinematic Universe as I
am yeah so in any case where were we
Hansa frolf says being avid gamers do
either of you think you would make a
good creative lead in the production of
a video game not coding just making
decisions regarding gameplay and overall
style oh I don't know probably not I'm
sure you need to be very talented to
make a great game otherwise
excuse me otherwise the world would be
flooded with great games and that crap
vision should show up in a romantic
comedy that would be great
I would love vision to randomly show up
and as long as he's wearing that v-neck
sweater with the with the collared shirt
underneath our first thing of the vision
like that was great
yeah I think I think I would be pretty
good at that I don't have nearly the
contacts or the money to fund it I have
actually pitched a few video game ideas
for commercial products and a couple of
them are right now in funding stages so
I actually have done some of that work
being a creative lead again not the
coding just rough concept in our
direction and directing of games I have
done a little bit of that none of them
have gotten pasts at this point but my
pitches have gone far enough where I
have an interested party actively
looking for funding rich oh my god
so so far like I think I've been pretty
good at it but we'll see we'll see if I
can actually get a game made it's know
that well remember the game I pitched
was for commercial purposes so it is not
weird at all it's it's very standard no
all the games I have ever pitched as far
as games go I have been very standard
and normal let's see here
anonymous says here's the exact cost of
a nine ounce bag of Cheetos
once again including sales tax I'm kind
of drunk right now
love raccoon eyed man with orange skin
and one that you took the time to figure
out and will force constant sales tax
for your bed maybe you didn't maybe it's
completely inaccurate funny Nanuk
however you slice it it's the
the they could have just thrown any
amount in there extra the amount though
guesstimated tax looks appropriate it
looks appropriate what I'm saying is it
doesn't matter if they really did or not
it's still funny yeah it's a good bit
it's good bit um anonymous which would
be better for the world yeah
no no anonymous rich when I was 10 years
old I lived in a house that was by a
well I'm glad you didn't fall in or I'm
sorry you did if you happen to be like
texting us from the well I was kind of a
shy kid says anonymous so I often went
over to it after school to relax I guess
what I'm trying to ask is do you wear
contacts No
my eyes work just fine my hair doesn't
vo calve one we haven't talked about
Suicide Squad because neither of us have
cared enough to see it right I don't
know that I ever will
in all honesty oh yeah yeah oh and you
know I I still love superhero movie so I
will probably see it when it comes to
video on demand I know but that but by
the way that's all you need to know we
don't care I've heard it's terrible
that's all I've heard hi kernel which
mustard
over watches graven over watch is
fantastic I'm sorry that tf2 never
jailed with you I know recently there
was a whole thing
do you watch game theory yeah they did a
thing on on overwatch versus tf2 and I
have not seen it but I know that the tf2
community watch free to play huh so for
watch free to play overwatch is not free
to play ok overwatch is not free to play
but does contain microtransactions but
it is a full $60 game that was actually
a big question to Blizzard when they
were making basically a tf2 clone was
tf2 is not free to play with micro
transact will you follow that train and
they said no no we're making a fucking
full game you're gonna pay for the game
you want to buy extra shit you buy extra
shit and and overwatch is worth every
penny it's fucking beautiful but I still
I still think there's a fine game a
wonderful online only team-based
multiplayer shooter in tf2 under all of
them under all of the extra stuff
oh nice serve our serve
and I'm you know I'm playing overwatch
on the Xbox one now but a whole bunch of
parts sitting on my desk at the moment
mean that very soon I'm going to be with
all of you playing overwatch on and got
a nice PC and that you know that'll be
the first thing I'll bring it in to
prove it work so you know obviously like
we'll build it and we'll make sure it
turns on at the end of the build but
then you know I got a install an
operating system and do a bunch of shit
go with Wynton going with Wynton it's
way too game I'd love to go with Windows
7 but I don't know maybe I'll go with
Windows 7
Ivan I I honestly have not decided I
figured I'd go with Wynton just because
it's the most second it could've been no
no wait where are you I'll do your real
thing I've been thinking about going
with Wynton like how have you been
faring more or less used to it the force
updates are really obnoxious yeah it's
ugly as hell purdue 7 yeah yeah ok yeah
I figured I'd go with it just because
it's the most up-to-date and that's
generally what you go with it'll be
annoying when something comes out and
it's Windows 10 X ok well right on 7 for
some asinine reason right so I'm that's
that's my plan is to go through
understand but after I get all that
stuff installed and you know all of my
other shit installed I will bring the
computer in and I will stream some
overwatch and be able to play with all
of you lovely people who I haven't been
able to play with because I was stupid
and I made a dumb mistake and got an
Xbox one madam says bitch Hedlund how
long did it take you to film murdering
all your sons did you have a favorite
son that's an important question
no last I'm turning 30 and every comb I
use pulls my hair out hmm
is there a special comb that won't do
that no you're just fucking just sold
and fucked every time you take a shower
just look at that hair it's never coming
back
nope there's nothing you can do about it
nope
basically basically you fucked it's over
my friend yeah it's all over jump get
that shit didn't have enough rocket I
didn't have enough Ron double jump you
got a double jump don't forget about the
double jump
I needed a rocket and one jump would
have got mad jack one jump it would have
been fine I was right house right house
that's fine
everything's fine is is broken bullshit
or is it just expensive Rogaine has
mixed results Rogaine does not work for
everyone
okay those it does work with it worked
with very well but it is incredibly
expensive if you didn't do the flip
thing you would have but you would have
budded that out of there I thought they
were gonna if I thought they were gonna
jump up with it you did the flip thing I
thought they were gonna jump up with it
flip you flip out of the way of the ball
it's very polite actually very polite
hey pardon me pardon me mr. poop dick I
see that you are trying to make a go
holy shocked
pardon me mr. poop dick I think the
beard is gonna go by the way do you yeah
then I got to start growing a circle on
yours is it my turn it's your turn it's
your turn for beard well shit
unfortunately I think you kind of just
ly have a monopoly on bald I can't ask
you to give that up
wow I mean if I don't think I'd look
good bald but if I'm growing the beard
you know just grow everything out I'll
be I'll be frank from Steven universe
rich or Jack do you like MMA or UFC I
never know that I've seen much oh like
mixed martial arts and beat the shit out
of them I've heard of the highest levels
it devolves into grappling like on the
ground wrestling and like so got ahold
yeah you know that's not the fantasy of
somebody getting beaten to death that's
not fun well they don't things aren't
fun don't care about beating through
that they just want to win holds holds
aren't fun no they're not I want to see
somebody punch somebody else in the
fucking face need more boost need more
boost like if I wasn't UFC within MMA
I'm not sure how that works
yeah like I've probably seen a couple
fights but yeah I'm not I'm not terribly
into it watched a few boxing matches
yeah yeah yeah like you're in boxing is
not there because the rules are set up
so they keep punching each other in the
face but then they do hug too much in
boxing yeah it's way too much hugging
going on in boxing
then you got a pro wrestling but as we
all know that's faith yeah it's a
performance it was a fait whatever it's
not actually a fight it's entertaining
I'll give it that I'm never denied that
but I can't watch it like a competition
you can watch it like a soap opera
performance art yeah it's a soap opera
where dudes are gone it's about value
it's just it's not a competition I would
never like bet on the outcome of a
Wrestlemania match I'm bringing this
team down I blame myself I blame myself
hey you know what's a great game is
rocket League it's a great game would we
ever do a best of the worst with Hulk
Hogan movies I think it's almost
happened once yeah I think we came close
I think I think that's on the list
actually we've never done a single set
on the list yes so that means it's
guaranteed not to happen right we have
for those who don't know I know I think
we've told this story a bunch yeah but
one day all of us were there Mike Jamie
Josh rich and we we thought we'd be
really proactive and start we we started
writing down a list of possible groups
of three movies that we had already like
not like Oh wouldn't it be fun if we had
these movies movies we already had and
we came up with I mean at least a dozen
yeah at least a dozen groups of three Oh
a dozen groups of three movies that we
could do an episode of and not once have
we ever gone to that list yep I think
this is gone at this one oh this is
definitely gone at this point we we
thought it out we had some funny ideas
there were some there were some good
ideas in there and just it always boils
down to
the shelves look at what we got today
it's a little frustrating sometimes but
it yeah well for me where it's just like
we went to that we've made it up we made
a list we could do the things on the
list only got 22 seconds to get four
more goals five more goals if we want to
win well you need to at least hi yeah
that's not gonna happen
this was just a bogus round maybe we
could just get one more to rub some salt
in their victory but probably not gonna
happen
ten seconds to score yeah yeah it's just
not gonna happen and we all know that
it's not gonna happen
then why bother why not just put the
controller down and sit there Jack
because we could make one for what for
what for for for just for us one for us
what a lousy reason one just just what a
lousy useless reason you know why
because if put the controller down and
save your fucking because if I were
playing the other team and we were
beating them I would still want them to
try and so it's a waste of resources all
video games are a wasted resource what
GPU is Jack going to get in his PC did
you say well the graphics card was gtx
1070 gtx 1070 GPU 16 gigs of ram the the
motherboard oh oh I guess I'm gonna
spectate this one I didn't press the
button in time oh all right that's fine
wacky man whatever me whack e wacky man
it's fine well you know why we'll just
talk
I'll get him next game I don't care
the the motherboard was the tricky part
because it needed to be it needs to be
mini
ATX motherboard to fit in my to fit in
my case but I found a really nice one on
new egg and yep someday I need to get
one of those mini motherboards and just
hollow out an old NES oh she's the best
as a case well don't they have those you
mean like a Raspberry Pi build Raspberry
Pi yeah you're gonna have to explain
what that is you do know a Raspberry Pi
is a Raspberry Pi shit dawg you get in
on it they're their micro they're
basically microcomputers they're not a
full motherboard it's it's a tiny tiny
computer with running on not Linux but a
similar thing to Linux it's an
open-source an open-source operating
system called adrenal I want to say it's
called and people have basically turned
these little raspberry PI's into
emulation machines they they do simple
tasks okay they're they're they're
basically very tiny not so powerful
computers that can do very simple tasks
and they're great can they emulate in
Tendo games yeah and and they'd like you
if you look up like Raspberry Pi
Nintendo emulation there will be a
step-by-step guide on how to build it
how to get the software on it and how to
get all the games on it in a day oh no
Jack am I saying things wrong what am I
saying wrong that's something about its
Linux
oh is it Linux what soured Reno then
well Linux could be it could be a form
of Linux could be a Fighting's got lots
of variations
what's Audra no I don't know I don't
know look up retropie well like approach
or PI at some point but till then her NZ
pines her NZ h rei NZ i okay rich have
you thought about getting a kono
comb-over they're quite popular
with the grannies bite my ass
Anonymous's Audrina is Eva Oh Audrina is
even simpler that's a different okay
well I'm I'm in the ballpark here people
I'm giving rich an ID he's gonna look it
up and figure out all the real
information they're tiny computers that
are really cheap that's what everyone
needs to know anonymous says sorry
that's fine it's fine
anonymous 1969 Kurt Russell in Walt
Disney's wonderful world of color plays
a character called rich Evans 2015 rich
Evans does an impression of Kurt Russell
as Snake Plissken in space cap
coincidence I'm actually familiar with
that oh yeah I saw that on TV once they
called Kurt Russell rich Evans I just
thought that's weird
that is weird that is so weird
and I'd never thought about it again
okay much that's weird
yeah it's very weird Sakas waxes Jack
and Rich yes Jack and Rick actually kind
of I named her what was the last thing
you argued with your significant other
about and why were you still totally
right
back up that's too personal last thing
you two argued about and why were you
still right oh I honestly don't remember
the last thing we argued about mm-hmm I
don't recall in all honesty we've had
arguments oh sure what it does I'm
trying to I'm trying to think like
probably about like the TV volume or
something she's really weird about
volume yeah yeah she wants it down or up
down down she's terrified of disturbing
the neighbors something you can barely
hear it yeah in your own apartment it's
not bugging the neighbors Lisa's like
that too but I like it's my fault
because I am I'm pretty deaf like I am
hard of hearing and I have tinnitus and
so I like to listen to things very very
loud so every once in a while she'll
just come in and like put her hand on my
shoulder and be like you know turn man
really turn to that oh you know cuz I'm
in my own world
I love my wife and she is perfect in
every way except for exactly one she is
perfect in every way except for one and
even this one I can deal with but it's
it's one very tiny thing that
consistently bothers the crap out of me
and we don't really argue about it
because I've given up arguing about it
at this point at the back door we have a
little thing to hang up your keys hang
up your car keys and she never hangs up
her car keys the hook meant for hanging
up the car keys Karen bought something
it's called I think it's called like a
tile yeah it's a thing she what's in her
keyring and she just hits a button on
her cell phone yeah ding ding ding do
whatever it does yeah most smartest
investment she ever made that woman
loses keys at a frequency that is
unbelievable I've seen those tile things
okay and how she loses her keys mmm is
unbelievable one time Karen's keys got
lost yeah you know where I found them
it's literally the last place I looked I
could have looked you know where I found
them in the printer somehow her keys got
inside our printer I don't know how the
fuck you she did that that's amazing
she must have just like walked in and
like blindly through them and it was
like a freak about Oz Mike I will talk
about tonight is dealing with things in
a moment let me just finish up my key so
the thing is you know if I don't ride my
bike here I need to take a car here and
you know we have we have one car and
error we have two cars and one has
children's seats in them and so usually
when one of us is going out without the
children we take the other car this is
my last okay and so if I can even get in
yeah you gotta you gotta be fast
you should be able to because you're
hosting it so you should be able to hit
it first but uh and so then what happens
is if I have to take the non child seat
car I go to the key hook where the keys
are supposed to be and they're not there
because they're oh no you got it but
it's his course oh that's fine that's
Noah that's five down and so the keys
the keys are never on the hook and it's
a very small thing tiles tiles they're
in the house like very they're in the
house they're they're usually just in
her bag so she doesn't lose them no she
doesn't lose the fuck do you care where
she puts her keys because I need the
keys because we share the keys rich and
I need them and so we put them in one
area like I said it's a very small tiny
insignificant little thing and we don't
fight about it but it's just like every
time every time I'm about to leave and
the keys aren't on there I just I just I
look at her and she goes oh yeah you
know your own set we have me we have a
spare set but then you know like the
spare set doesn't have the house keys on
and the garage keys on it and the other
you know the other things I need on it
so and it's really what happens is I'm
about to leave then I come back and I
look at her and then she rifles through
her ten million bags and finds the keys
yeah and it's just a tiny tiny thing a
tiny small tiny thing well anyway
tinnitus I've recently found so tinnitus
is a explained tinnitus tinnitus is a
light constant ringing in your ears it's
not fun you know and it's it's one of
those things that your brain very subtly
adjusts to by basically turning all of
the volume down and so that leads to low
level hearing loss and it leads to a lot
of shit and I was in rock bands for a
long time and was far too cool
for earplugs and went to rock concerts
all the time it was far too cool for
earplugs so my ears have just fucked up
but I found this thing and like I was
probably on reddit or something someone
was talking about tinnitus and they
mentioned a cure for tinnitus a free
cure for tinnitus cure not like
treatment well of recruitment a free
treatment for tinnitus that will
eventually get rid of your tinnitus and
I have been doing it and I have noticed
results it's where you oh my god are you
being paid to shill for some kind of
quack medicine
no no it's free it's free jack smoking
pot and going rock on yes it is a free
thing and so what you do is you put your
fingers on the unlike the base of your
skull you cover it you cover your ears
with your palms this is what they say
this it's probably quackery and it might
be in my brain but I don't care because
it's working even even if it's in your
head it works so you cover your ears
with the palms where you can't you know
everything's muffled and then you wrap
your fingers around the base of your
skull and you snap you go like this and
you snap the back of your skull while
covering your ears like that and it
thumps thumps bus's this is almost
certainly quackery and you do that for
like 30 thumps uh-huh you will notice a
difference immediately
okay okay alternative medicine yeah yeah
he was probably the thing I saw and read
it a few months ago like and I go oh
that's weird that's not gonna work and
so I did it as I covered my ears with my
palms and I went thump thump and you
just do it you do it like 30 times and
then you take your hands off of your
ears and you will notice an immediate
change in the low-level ringing of your
ears
and what the guy said is just do that a
couple times a day and eventually maybe
you only have to do it once a day then
eventually maybe you only have to do it
a couple of you know a couple times a
week and it will lessen in Lesson just
do it a couple times a day every cut
every couple of hours just do it plus it
could be a placebo who knows I don't
know
I'm doing it it's working
get with NC that's the thing like I I I
don't think my brain tells me it's not
quackery because it's free
like if it was quackery they would sell
you a device right that like clacked for
you like no it's true here you put this
device on it's $39.99 you put this
device on your head and it does it so
it's like what if it's causing some kind
of other problem that they'll need to
charge you for well we didn't mention
this that causes blindness slowly he's
he's a yeah we got a blindness medicine
he runs a chiropractic chiropractic
office and like doing that messes up
your upper spine but it's really easy
for a chiropractor to fix so I don't
know like I said it seems to be working
for me I don't know if it's working just
for my general hearing loss because I'm
that's that's just gone I'm sure but I
have noticed an improvement in the low
constant ringing in my ears so that's a
great hit look I didn't move it at all
oh it's two great hits I'm killing it
beefcake you're right like it does sound
like something Don Wilson would try to
show but like I said but he's now you're
not selling anything Don Wilson would
have a scheme there'd be a product right
and if there was any sort of product
involved even a cheap product I would
tell myself that's bullshit nice save
tape oh that was terrible I fucked that
up I could have gone straight towards
the goal
wait oz Mike is saying holy shit jack it
works in all caps with exclamation
points we're helping the world oz Mike
we're helping the world
tell us all if it being if you're being
for realsies here or not yeah I do I'll
do one more hit the button out huh hit
the button now motherfucker yeah I had
it you can keep reading for us before I
start saying I'm just gonna see
one weird trick schemes always have a
product that's true they do and then
this one didn't anonymous do you think
we'll ever have the pleasure of seeing
another especially long stream like the
no death runs they happen they're not
planned so right Kosmic is saying he's
being 100% genuine well they wasn't
those are rich solo runs and those are
terrible that you they like him
oz mike is saying he we have success
with the with the covering your ears and
slapping your finger thing well I'll be
dying you're helping the world I'm
helping the world with a very specific
minor problem oak Bronco I had a very
loud ringing a mayor all last night and
this morning and this has helped turn
don't slash remove it now it will slowly
come back can you do it again right away
and yeah you can you overdo it
I don't I mean what harm could it cause
it could be less effective every time
may hoon I don't know how often to do it
I do it a couple of times a day okay
like I I do it in the morning and then I
do it in the afternoon okay
but I don't know see if you can find
that original reddit post the guy goes
into way more detail I want to remind
people to quit after two games I think
we're just about done this is it this is
the last last run
my name is States's rich it's karen
gonna ruin our thanksgiving day stream i
don't know that i don't know that i
promised another one we'll see we'll see
ruin it Oh Mary oh I did it I saved it
it might not - a wave once we're all
settled in it will get better internet
at our home
oh sure then I wouldn't have to leave
her to come to the studio for
Thanksgiving mm-hmm just stay at home
stay at home stay at home do
Thanksgiving
oh we got internet we got it we're
having internet here it doesn't like you
Jack it looks like you're back now
let's check going on all right I'm in it
no one has scored everything's fine
no one has scored ever oh here oh here
we go
but oh oh jack that would have been an
epic I was there epic I was in the right
place at the right time just you know
missed my shot a bit but that's fine now
oh now uh everything's ruined the real
van says yep here's some money to go
visit a doctor instead of getting your
medical information off of fucking
reddit I've first of all thank you know
I've seen doctors about my ears before
if you like check that out it likes snow
sir some kind of fact-checking kind of
thing have I this yeah this night is
cure you're doing I just did it and it
worked the reason why it works is is a
mystery curious I'm sure uh you know our
doctors are actual doctors saying
placebo or the say yeah it's temporary
thing a little work for long it'll come
back and it'll come back worse it'll
come back worse cuz your body's getting
used to the taps oh Jesus Christ you're
killing yourself slowly I mean this I
would want to consult a doctor I would I
would do this rather than some guy on
the internet who just said a thing once
yeah yeah I mean that would be smart
that would be a smart thing to do rich I
agree
you can cure tinnitus by jamming q-tips
into your fucking ears
oh yeah cuz anyone hear anything
oh wait someone had the link to the
reddit post it really works just pound
those bastards in as far as they can go
then pound some more someone has the
link to the original reddit post where
apparently they explain why it works
Oh Snopes has a thread here you tapping
lightly tapping lightly tap it that way
god boom look at this rich I wanna do it
already
Thank You Nigel pepper cock look at what
is snow up say yeah that's a thread it's
not like an actual oh so oh did you see
that fucking save that was so fucking
clutch that one wasn't because I didn't
Snopes has a user threat about it not an
official article
oh well no uh but yeah see if you can
find that original reddit thread and I
parent so according to someone in the
chat the guy explains why it works I
don't know if you'll understand why it
works you should obviously consult a
doctor before listening to any of our
medical advice because we play video
games stop trying to make clutch happen
jack oh stop trying to make clutch
happened I'm that was clutch then I
failed then I failed rich would you
rather be a Mormon or a Scientologist
and I noticed our our mods don't want me
to start talking about religion yeah Wow
well that's you know what that's good
muds good mods are terrible mods it's
terrible they want they want to stop a
shitstorm before it starts keep me from
saying things they want uh it's terrible
but it's not you you say whatever you
want but then that starts a shitstorm in
the chat they know they know the
shitstorm it starts both patently bogus
but if you had to choose one oh fuck I
mean on it now - I'm in on a
conversation sorry mods we're talking
about religion
just so I wouldn't read it yeah well I'm
hurt now just so you wouldn't worry
there's probably also just yeah it's
fine
just to keep the chat clean boom boom
boom
GG all gee mother mods do a great job
everyone calm everyone calm down
everyone calm the fuck down but can't
your fantasy gods are all valid damn
rich damn rich our mods do a great job
and I was giving them some shit
we have told we have been told by other
people that our chat is a nice chat to
be in our moms do a fine job and we like
our mods the keyboard all right I guess
I can just exit the god oh my god that
would work out also blink this room is
now an emo to only mode our mothers are
great mods they like giving it back to
little shit to you too it's great thanks
much the great you got damn great I wear
my gun here
where's the that is now my god I found
it
why don't we make the screen big and big
and yeah I'm bigger late still not big
enough
oh it doesn't do the out of this thing
all right now look well somebody
somebody wrote a thing all right now is
the time the stream in which we thank
all of the viewers who have subscribed
to us during this stream using the handy
dandy twitch chat watcher to point one
point one much like zero one three two
one three two
welcome thank you for subscribing
Theodore J hooker 24 fucking Munson room
whoo two years who says neither RJ
hooker xeno Trobe 25 fucking months in a
row the Xena trope says I see you shiver
with anticipation saw twenty six fucking
months in a row and ex menses says
patient that took some coordination that
was great
that's hook that took that took a little
back-and-forth that took a little
back-and-forth and I liked it and I
liked it
mokey be 85 26 fucking months in a row
boop doop dick says I'm back here's
hoping you eventually screams 5 we will
do a civilization
boop dick god I'm simple good whatever
works for you blatant is funny sometimes
bill la hecka 26 fucking months in her
own bill akka says 26 months I am still
not sure if I've made the right decision
and
sobbing maybe I'll give it another 60
months thanks Bill
ragged scribe 13 months in a row
Misner 120 fucking months in a row miser
one says this has been the best fucking
I've ever had
thank you so I rank of the ancient VG 64
VG 64 says I don't care about these
worthless moving-picture attractions aah
ooh I think that's like a 1920s finger
then I don't care about these worthless
moving-picture attractions but I would
resume the rest of the fear stage play
it in it gives me more insight into the
active character webs the web web the
web says oh gee PJ's stever's one
Draco's TFM l writer too sick to k6
shibai river 22 fucking months in a row
shy buyer river says love you Evo that
like I just want that to be like an old
blues song by you should I buy you a
lake should I buy you a mountain Oh was
this a mistake
to value rivers shahboz
shall buy you some coal you stick it to
me Oh down the road oh boy blackjack
fifteen months in a row hunchback jack
says if I knew you were going to read
this out I'd have written something
witty just as he's getting really into
my Bob Dylan I had there was a to
digress from reading the subscribers for
a second when I was when I was up north
on vacation we were driving we were
driving to this gun range that was up
there and it's a it's a weird like up
north e gun range and and my dad was
having a little hard time finding it and
so he's like I don't remember exactly
what it's called and it's not on Google
Maps because like it's a weird gun range
and and he say all I remember is like it
was like there was a green sign and then
a dirt road and just in my head that was
a Bob Dylan song be mean to be green Sun
Road you know I thought she was the
princess turned out to be a tow no no
and so for the rest of the vacation and
here's something an argument I had with
my wife because she hated it it was just
like every single hour it was greens on
the road and then some sort of rhyme to
go back behind green sign dirt road so I
was just really impressed with Bob do a
string of
okay welcome to paradise who knew
Tiberius are you okay
Bob Dylan has ruined my voice for a
little bit the the it wasn't a weird the
gun range doesn't have targets that you
can move up in back and forth it's it's
just basically a big field with posts at
different lengths and so when you want
to go change your target you need to
like make sure everyone knows and then
like everyone has to like put their
hands up and step away from their guns
just so that everyone knows that we're
going to change the targets now so we
don't shoot each other it's just a
winnable it's very sensible but it's
also just like aggravating cuz you know
you you want to change your target but
someone else like it just set up a
machine gun or whatever and mmm
I'm very sorry let's get back to
thanking our subscribers like Tiberius
Kirk who has subscribed to us for 12
months in a row Tiberius Kirk says whoa
and it's my birthday weekend happy
birthday Tiberius Kirk thank you for
subscribing last rias the last races
four months and twenty bucks for you
adorable hack frauds love been hurt and
they no man's sky review especially as
always Rich's expression of utter
disdain yes play civilization so we can
watch Gandhi reign nuclear hell fire
upon your miserable Kingdom right
absolutely a clockwork Stalin 22 fucking
months in a row top ramens 18 months in
a row Top Ramen says oh shit
Elvis delvis 25 months fucking Elvis
Elvis 25 fucking months in a row and
elvis elvis says oh my god drug hland
14 months in a row
Oh Kirkland says here's to another
glorious month you fucks and you know
what elbows ohm is that oh my god I
should really read that that's really
that was that was more for you I that's
I started doing a rich Evans impression
and I change it up in the last duels oh
my god oh oh my god that's acceptable is
that acceptable I don't have to read it
that was okay good yeah I can't oh my
god
here's it's a lyric oh my god yeah
you're too much you too much tea did you
read your Clint yes okay great tea
Carlisle for professor physics 21
fucking months in a row hey that's good
evil crash 9 the Rising Sun 21 fucking
months in a row and it's the rising
census don't eat the yellow snow someone
someone asked for a Bob Dylan 911 song
and I thought of one so you have to
change that so like usually it's green
signed dirt road right but it has to be
it has to be dead road signs green jet
fuel can't melt steel beams oh no the
jihad is coming to town
well they won't be flying when they're
around oh okay oh no oh no you guys
please get more lightning fast VCR
repair schertz an extra large size for
my fat ass I want to make an obscure
references in comfort wait what do they
one good eye boom they want a fat shirt
which I send this send us an email to
read letter contact mm-hmm I don't know
what's going on with shirts young yeah
contact at red letter media calm this
inal tendencies says hope you play
rocket League a little bit more dis Idol
tendencies and then shadow elite five
says I have only one word
oh no religion Oh God I was so hoping
your hand would be on the button for
that to be the final word oh well we
have more I was like doing everything I
could to subtly motion but we're on
camera so I can't I can't like point to
you and point to the thing but we had
more we have more tips that was it oh
did you read him let him know so that
would be the last one so you just
basically cut it
