Aug 17, 2016
No Man's Sky
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/86935887
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/86935961
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ju-TIT45NYE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-vUQYarjeU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/765983779693420544
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/766149868658253824

[Part I]
start will start streaming so think
about it before you hit start but no
man's sky has taken apart Jesus Christ
rich this is by the way yeah this is not
a PC exclusive issue Jack you're talking
about this oh we're streaming you okay
also you one thing you're gonna notice
one thing you're gonna notice right away
is you don't see us do you know why
because apparently no man's sky crashes
so hard it breaks web cameras you
someone explain to me how that is
possible during our last stream no man's
sky crashed and now our web cam no
longer works cameras like fuck this fuck
this shit right right
how how in the hell does a game break so
hard that it breaks her camera that's
a--that's a feature thank you and
cephalopoda k-- also today i I was
really lucky today schedule worked out
with my wife and my kids where I got a
super long playtime today yeah I played
for a good eight plus hours today no
man's sky crashed on the PlayStation
four six times today
that's amazing Cygnus crashes absolutely
amazing on a console six crashes on a
console alright so basically I've
decided that I'm just gonna grind money
until I can afford a half-decent ship
okay so give me cuz you know I'm I'm on
a different grind path yeah with no
man's guy I just want a better ship so
you so all you're doing is mining for
gold yep and then you're gonna use all
them how much one do you have um
something like 2 million 2.4 million so
pay for alright I figure I figure I'm
more than halfway there
yeah 4 million ought to get me a decent
ship
sure I have no idea I have no idea I
haven't really looked into other
spaceships I have only been concerned
after spending a good chunk of the
early-game just kind of farting around
planets and you know trying to figure
out the game my only concern the past
two days was getting to the center of
the universe yeah
and so I'm on a completely different
grind the first thing I did yesterday
was upgrade my warp drive so now instead
of only making it one warp away I can
make it four or five I can make it up to
300 light-years away I figure any grind
like that will be less obnoxious than
the four million you need for a decent
ship so I'm getting that one out of the
way sure sure so I've just been doing
this for I don't know the last eight
hours this has been my gaming experience
now Karen was watching me play she said
something that I think I'm gonna save
for the review mm-hmm but she said
something that just warmed my heart
mm-hmm you can say and made me realize
why I'm gonna marry you really you want
we said no no I said you can save it if
you want oh yeah I think I should save
it yeah and it's like good again then
again we have less people watching the
stream somebody would be ruined get a
sneak peak sure okay so I'm I'm playing
no man sky hmm and I'm doing this I'm
doing this this this gold mining shit
and Karen is watching me from the couch
you're still something on her tablet and
she says to me this reminds me of
watching the dentist remove tartar from
teeth I guess my only question I'm gonna
judge I'm gonna judge your grind right
now rich yeah is this the most effective
way to earn money Oh as far as I know it
is gold seems to be worth lot yeah yeah
and you know you can you can check with
different people that give you different
prices for how much they're willing to
buy yeah yeah chat probably has other
ideas on faster ways to grind but this
this particular planner has fucking gold
all over the place yeah oh yeah I know
and I know like some people just they
just play a merchant or they'll just
hang out at a Space Station yeah and
wait to buy something for someone when
it says it's cheap and then wait to sell
it to someone else when they
it's you know that's really interesting
that's interesting so you can so but I
figure while I've got these mountains of
gold like everywhere absolutely
absolutely
so my grind eyes I'm trying to make it
to the center of the universe and what
you need is warp cells yeah to power
your warp drive and so uh what I'll
happen is I'll stop at a planet and you
need carbon to build the one thing and
then you need plutonium to build the
next thing and then you need what's the
blue mineral not platinum but Buitoni
no way not plutonium it's like heavy oh
that other one look at the big blue rock
I don't have any right now I know you're
talking about though whatever that is
and so in it and then you need the stuff
that the the the stuff that's in the
meteorites the h1 you know the other red
one yeah to to get a warp coil and so I
get myself like six or seven warp coils
and it takes five to to fully power up
you know I can get five jumps yeah and
and so then I jump as far as I can until
I run out of warp coils and then I go
down to a planet and I do the exact same
thing carbon plutonium blue thing red
thing jump as far as I can oh oh you
need you also got iron you also need um
zinc zinc is is really important and
zinc is hard to come by it's a pain in
the butt to go by there's a ban in the
Box you get a little bit here a little
bit you get a little bit with flowers
and so I just usually end up buying my
zinc at a space station but that's it so
then I jump as far as I can go down to a
planet get the things I need craft the
things I need jump as far as I can go
down to a planet get the things I need
and that's it that that rich yeah was my
eight plus hours why why am i I've got
this weird glitch that's been going on
for like a day where I jump instantly
into space I've had that happen I don't
know I don't know why I'm really sorry
it happens every other time I get in the
spaceship now I don't know why I also
don't know why something just kicked you
up
Zink fascinating but so that was my 8
plus hours today because I was
determined to get to the center of the
fucking universe and in total I have hit
four black holes which are which are
shortcuts to the center of the universe
Rach look at that giant fucking mountain
goal that's great that's great
yep mr. Chang smile I have been through
four black holes and I just got the
achievement today for 50 plus jumps and
remember I'm not just jumping to the
next star system I'm jumping four or
five at a time right yeah so 50 plus
jumps for wormholes I have no idea if I
am any closer to the center of the
universe is there any way to gauge how
close you are I don't believe there is
and it is very ating uh I'm telling you
I was telling I was talking to the chat
I was chatting with the chat a little
earlier today and it's just the more I
play the game the more upset at it I am
it's a boring repetitive grind and the
more you play it all you see is the
repetition of the the facade of the new
and interesting planets melts further
and further away it's it's honestly this
game I'm gonna yell at it this game is
components and concepts that if you
added them to an entirely different
space game would put that space game
over the top you have the space game
that had like factions and and serious
ship ship battles hmm yeah mom I'm like
I feel like I'm grinding for another
game but this whole game is just the
grind right and mark mark slams brings
up an interesting counterpoint where he
says what game isn't repetitive the
problem is is the repetitive fun or not
is this fun is this fucking fun look at
this look at this I'm just shooting
fucking rocks yep my fiancee looks over
me and compares it to dental work all
right no and I was doing a whole
different kind of grind and it's not fun
and it you're not building towards
anything there's not building at all oh
god Karen had so many things to say
about this just watching me play gotta
be like minecraft you mean you can't
build things you can't build the city
there are no cities yeah there's no
people to talk to
mhm yeah as well as there's a couple
there's like a town that's got like one
person in one building right terrible
that's terrible it's going nowhere it's
building towards nothing you can't do
anything if you compare it to other just
like environmental survival games which
is a lot of grind you know oh you got it
you got to do this you got to do that
it's it's a better games time wasting
mechanics hahaha Wow when you're not
doing the fun stuff you want to kill
some time you want to change pace you do
all these things
yeah and that's that's the only thing no
man sky has the killing time yeah that's
all you're doing
and you know what you already mind a
little bit I hate that by the way when
like from a distance oh look at that
giant thing then I get close oh oh we
got a what you're not popping up I lose
like my my HUD while it's doing this
shit that I don't care about I wasn't
trying to do I didn't know about it I'm
just a fucking surprise oh yeah yeah no
rich I know and it is upsetting and I'm
sorry and it is upsetting it's this game
is terribly terribly upsetting I don't
know if it's like put on a giant match
that says fuck you upsetting but it's
upsetting and by the time I get to the
end or the center of the universe there
better be something fucking special
there waiting for me because I got a
feeling that there's not Karen watching
me play because she saw the trailer so
she said well where are all the animals
that were like in the trailer and where
as though we're all those plants and oh
god the trailer made it look like you'd
be able to like like joining the space
factions and get the giant space battles
you pick size
where's all that Oh none of that's in
here wouldn't that be great if you could
like pick a side and you know cousin and
and have you gotten in any big space
battles anymore space battle hey no I've
only been randomly attacked by pirates
I've never seen a freighter being
attacked that I had to help out okay
I've only been attacked by like three or
five ships ships and you know what I
finally got a I have the distress signal
and you don't have to help out but you
know the destroyer throws up a
de-stressing I say okay I'll help and
it's you versus eleven eleven oh my god
guys and I barely squeaked oh there's no
like Ally fighters in the mix I did not
notice it jesus fucking christ well
there could have been I just didn't
notice any all I know is there were
eleven bad guys and I took out all
eleven a barely scraped by I didn't get
that great of a reward and so the next
time I saw a distress beacon
I just fucking ran away like I don't
care if you're not gonna give me some
good shit I don't care about you this
game is dumb as hell
this game is a base that they could
build a game on top of but as of yet
there's not really anything fun in this
there's neat ingredients like the random
planets the all the different planets
now what's all neat stuff no that fades
always so fucking fast because there's
nothing else to do right that's why if
there were other things to do on the
planets it would still be neat sure sure
it's a game that I and I hate to say
this and a lot of people are gonna say
this is Jack sacrilege it's a game that
really needs a story but no it needs
something factions yeah something
something something something I know I
mind that weird-looking one right and
now you go to the next piece of gold
already have to go up and tell them now
how many how many slots how to sauce I
got a ton ok I'm more titanium that I
need it's just stuff that's not a salad
fucking salad Oh fucking Soto Jack it's
Jack religious this if this game had a
little bit of a story to like push you
through sacrilege I like that yeah by
the way clever it's you know like I'm
thinking of the flame in the flood which
I played on stream and finished and it
is you know you you have to you know
mine for resources and you know slowly
build up your arsenal it's it's it has a
lot of similar elements to this as far
as just a survival game right yeah but
it also has an ending you are moving for
we're actually working towards something
you were working towards something and
the feeling of at least knowing there's
an ending was really helpful it's not
just the grind let me let me ask you
something ever in this game have you
ever felt like more powerful than when
you started
did you feel like slightly more prepared
for a situation not really
have I I felt like I wish I had that
mineral when I talked to this guy who
wanted that mineral that's happened more
than once I just sold all my stuff they
used to be gold all over this fucking
planet
mr. poopy mr. poopy pants s but guys
it's all procedurally created so what
that's that's that's all well and good
and if they do something interesting
with it right yes technological
technological achievement then they get
you what what does it get you
apparently a lot of system crashes
because it's ruined a lot of things
including a webcam which I didn't know
you could do game I'm gonna hell I'm
gonna have to google that can I kind of
kind of game crash and kill my webcam
okay can we sue hello games for a new
webcam and I'm weird I finally ran out
of gold on this fucking rock
congratulations
no no no was I God I got another like
million and a half that I want to buy a
spaceship decent spaceship I wanna at
least thirty item slots at least fucking
thirty on your spaceship yeah sure oh
dreamer TK I am literally on the Amazon
app on my phone right now ordering a new
webcam that was it was a joke that hello
games OHS this new webcam I'm not gonna
look into that I'm buying us a new
webcam right now web cam let's see what
they got so your day was grinding my day
was grinding and again I want to say my
grinder was worse because like for you
you you you grind the gold yeah you sell
the gold your number ticks up yeah I
don't know if I've made it any farther I
cannot tell you but Jack it's
procedurally generated it's you know
what you're right oh I think that's ours
great you know what I'm gonna order this
one because it's the exact same as our
other one that worked pretty well don't
you think yeah
I didn't see any more question marks
over the horizon I just find all of the
things how long have you been on this
planet oh well okay great I just ordered
us a new webcam we will get a new webcam
we get we got a new webcam there's no
way your webcam was physically damaged
by crash I've worked with these
logitech's you know they're good kid
don't buy another one at least look all
that matters is it stopped working yeah
it's not turning on we're plugging it in
and we're getting no lights yeah and we
were working fine before the crash it
won't kill us to have a backup one
anyway but we I will check the drive we
will after after the stream today we'll
check the drivers you know maybe maybe
there's a driver update or something
yeah all right one of those things one
of those things your day was grinding I
had one of the best days of my life
yeah what'd you do today I bought a new
bike oh yeah like a couple days ago and
I just went biking with Karen we had a
we had a beautiful lovely day she moved
up her now she's happy up here uh-huh
great we got her new bikes put it on the
bike rack we took it down to the lake
driving around the trails by the lake
that sounds great and I had the best
sandwich I've ever had in my entire life
the best sandwich where did you eat
suburbia suburbia oh I love suburbia
they're great I've never been in there
great sandwich shop you know why anyway
because it's built into a gas station
that's right that's how they get you
that's why I never went the food plays
in the gas station that's that's gotta
be clean no really good bread and then I
drove by earlier today with Karen and
she loved the name and we had to go
there because she was so amused by the
name I will go to suburbia yeah that
fine I had I had there Philly
cheesesteak mm-hmm which I know that I'd
call it a Philly cheesesteak cuz I don't
even with her fucking grilled onions on
there and there were tomatoes and
lettuce and mayo which I don't think
gnarly it was it was fucking delicious
wonderful fucking name you want to call
it oh my god was it delicious good bread
at suburbia and I don't know this is a
factor but I've been slowly weaning
self unto a diet yeah I don't know if
you noticed yesterday yeah I did you had
just you had very very healthy plain
chicken breast broccoli and like peas
yeah was my lunch that looked great yeah
yeah yeah so maybe it's just been let's
spend like look at I've been slowly
weaning myself into the diet it's been a
couple days since I've had anything
really obnoxious oh here's some carbs
and cheese is it possible that really
kick the sandwich up a notch in my brain
in any case it was great and then
beautiful day beautiful egg not to take
some pictures that's a great fucking day
simple day nothing nothing particularly
amazing happen no way hold on here for
private magician says Jack the warp in
the warp chart there's a number next to
the name of every system which tells you
how far you are from the center how have
you done 50 jumps and not notice that I
I guess I've only paid attention to the
number that tells it how many light
years it is away from me next time I
will have to look to see it was not
clear to me because you know you see the
little randomly generated name and then
it tells you how many light years it is
away from you I have not seen where it
says how far I am from the center but
where's the fucking door this place
it's just nothing in here that's great
oh no there's a little pensioner there's
just not a selling my bobbin I'm very
happy that you had a good day I mean you
know all in all it was a pretty good day
for me you know yeah I get to play video
games and that's nice it's just I played
a really dumb and frustrating video game
and I don't feel like I've accomplished
anything at this point
I really wish we really wish I had
played more elite dangerous yeah I'd
love to do a lot more comparing
contrasting hmm but I mean other than
landing on planets elite dangerous is
really nice like just planet navigation
various speeds you can travel looks like
and still get the other star and fuckin
sub warp and I got most of the way I
think to another star it was pretty that
was pretty cool yeah that's pretty cool
no no camera today our camera is still
not functioning after no man's sky
crashed last stream and at eight three
nine zero yeah I love these oh wait no
no whoa what eight three nine zero three
nine oh eight then the it goes up one
tick nine oh eight three yeah then it
goes up one tick so it's gonna be eight
three nine zero
you were about to click on eight zero
three nine okay that was a brain fart
but I know what the right answer was cuz
I got that one either eight three nine
I'm talking about like I know that you
know what that one was fun and the math
problem one was fun at first but then
when you run into him a hundred times
and it's the exact same kind of problem
mmm the facade wears off really quickly
and just a fuckin model the thing same
house different paint job that's all
this game is same house different dump
job is everything I was worried it was
gonna be yep yeah some of the planets do
I thought there would be more space
faction stuff with a war going on you
have to choose a side and the one that
made some fun stuff because they
featured like a giant space battle and
there's fucking trailers yeah
that shit here that would have been
great I would've been awesome like a
like a sidequest where maybe like
instead of going to the center of the
universe you have 200 here's a package I
want you to deliver and you'll get a lot
of money but it's out of your way to the
center of the universe maybe you have to
make that decision wouldn't have that
wouldn't have been fun what if what if I
could what if it were more of an open
universe and I could just decide to like
start up a freight hauling business sure
buy new ships hire employees to haul
things for me on the side what if I
could choose to be a pirate yeah what if
I could choose to be a soldier and fight
in the war I think technically you can
be a pirate what if what there was a
side story I could choose to follow like
to avenge the killer of my family I
could track down clues to find out who
the killer was every once in a while
I'll get a little notification that says
like a ship in the nearby vicinity has
and then when you're not doing all that
cool shit I'll grind a bed to get a
better ship Ryan has rare cargo or
something so I think you can do pirate
like things all right there's no pipe
there's no official pirate story but
there's not like like a pirating career
paths you can take yeah yeah missed
opportunities the game yeah plutonium
there's they say there's an update with
space trucker stuff in it coming out to
elite dan fairly dangerous they're not
gonna figure out of this one I fucking
move this few over here I don't think I
don't mind these I know and I have been
seeing and thank you all for for sharing
the some of the people in the I know I
know I want to lead it's one of those
elite dangerous is one of those things
like the total you game it's a total me
game the issue is with my life right now
I hasn't been conductive to the epic
games and suck you in sure might my
gaming lately it's been like short
bursts like Orcs Must Die yeah this kind
of gaming I've been doing like you know
I get homework and film this or that and
do this mm-hmm you know I like like how
much time do I have to get into elite
dangerous cuz that's we do know man sky
this could be another epic game we need
to play of course you can't play the
game you want cuz you got to play the
game you don't want to play oh yeah no
I'm with you
but all that I missed I missed a comment
yeah I apologize there's I thought what
were you gonna say that's what I'm
trying to remember I have no idea where
I was going oh I'm a jerk you know what
I absolutely hate what that's how I'm
trying to find what how ahead
oh I wonder when there's when there's an
objective marker and there's a thing on
your HUD with an arrow yeah don't put it
near the center of the fucking screen
where I will constantly confuse it for
my fucking crosshairs I do that all the
guns shit at the edge of that goddamn
screen do you see do you see the tiny
little white crosshair and then the
giant purple reticle I always think that
that purple reticle is my is my
crosshair absolutely I'm with you 100%
god I said fury a ting it is infuriating
rich I know but I've been seeing a lot
of people have been sharing like on the
no man's sky subreddit and Twitter
people are starting to put together all
of this stuff that was actually promised
in the game
oh yeah and all the stuff that did not
make it in the final game yeah either
promise promise some trailers or in
interviews or in articles about the game
and you know like some of it's a little
nitpicky and some of it how about those
glitchy deposits
I hate those what I had a giant mountain
of gold where I get only like skin it
look at that look at that that's bull
hockey rich straight-up bull hockey no
man's why this is dr. death stop no and
you know what I I think there there was
a lot promise a lot of what I've seen is
pretty nitpicky moreso the base game is
no good you know I'm trying not to
concentrate on the base game is the
grind for a better game yeah I like I
really like the way put that I wrote
that down by the way it's a better games
grime yeah yeah it's a better games
distraction and and I think I really
like that and we're gonna use that in
the review so I wrote it down
make sure we remember it
what's the coolest swap meeter pawnshop
find i've ever had i know how i found a
really amazing tripod at a at a garage
sale my best thrift store find yeah
was this is back in the heyday of
dvd/blu-ray wasn't a thing yet and the
the TNG DVD box sets for we're still
like a hundred dollars a season they
hadn't really come down in price yet
okay i was had a thrift store they had
like chinese bootlegs of TNG the discs
were still in english i got all seven
seasons for 40 bucks the part of the end
was cut off of every fourth episode like
at the end of the disc they didn't have
enough room yeah so like episodes where
i didn't get to see the ending of still
it was a steal
that's great that's great I didn't know
if they were gonna be in English enough
because that you know the font
everything is all it's all in Chinese
and I I'm like it story I don't know I
don't want to let the sitter someone
else might buy this I mean this is a
great find
they're probably in English is some
weird bootleg thing they probably didn't
dub that Karen Karen go home and get my
portable DVD player I'm going to stay
here at the thrift store and guard the
TNG DVDs and the people who run the
thrift store yo you don't care what Star
Trek is I think I'm like a crazy man
yeah that's great that is great and yeah
for me I found at a random garage sale a
really nice Manfrotto tripod legs
these these are tripod legs that are
hundreds of dollars no head no tripod
head just the legs and it was it was
like 25 bucks this this ladies it was
like an older lady and her husband used
to be a photographer
for something oh I found these in the
closet oh okay yeah twenty-five dollars
seems totally reasonable how do you know
what these are
yeah twenty-five dollars take it take it
give me give me great tripod legs
Manfrotto Manfrotto is a tripod tripod
company and bogan I think it's bogan
Manfrotto now or bogan makes the heads
and try and Manfrotto makes the legs or
something I forget how it works but
they're great they're great and I got it
for 25 bucks still use them today god I
hate that sprit Oh God right I did I did
get a sprint to upgrade that open Oh a
plan attack - you know I got a sprint
one in here kill it yeah kill the fire
and I got some carbon that Carver just
wasting on inventory space it's gotta go
I did not take advantage of an old lady
that's the price she was selling it for
I didn't haggle I gave her the price she
asked for it just because she didn't
know what she had that's not my problem
that's how that's how rumba that's the
the rule of the rummage okay this ain't
my first rummage rodeo that's the Romans
humble the rummage Rumble is if the
price is labeled that's the price I
almost hit it again with the cursor yeah
yeah what what what oh no yeah I do I do
that constantly rich also I double check
to this grid to how it stays on here
yeah does not do that on the ps4 right
on the ps4 you see the grid and then it
disappears right away in one of the
earlier trailers that was a complete lie
yeah you do see the grid Oh Jack does
love capitalism that's true that's true
about Jack Jack loves capitalism
oh isn't that gray chub big bear a
garage sales always great for
photography equipment because people
always assume older lenses are obsolete
that's really true just check for
scratches but man you get some really
amazing lenses that rummage sales you're
penetrating the gold so how are you
adopting the mouse and keyboard how's
that going
I haven't had any more time
unfortunately just because I've been
I've been really trying to get to the
end of no man's guy but I'm feeling
confident and more more important than
that I have made the decision that this
is what's going to happen rich one way
or the other
hello I want I am going to be a mouse
and keyboard player because I know that
is the best option now my grumpiness
decide I have never faulted you I wanna
I want to make that clear and no I
understand that obviously you were being
funny but here's the thing and I have
always stated even even for always that
a mouse is more accurate yeah then then
a gamepad I prefer I I've always just
defaulted to the comfort of the gamepad
because you know I've always felt that a
gamepad it was more comfortable but as
I'm playing more and you know especially
as I'm playing more overwatch which is
you know competitive game and I know
once I get a better pc I'm going to be
moving to the PC I know the switch is
gonna have to happen if I want to stay
competitive in this game I love I'm
gonna have to move to a mouse and
keyboard so why not start now get
comfortable before I make the switch
actually felt kind of bad right before I
came here yesterday
Karen wanted to play a roller coaster
tycoon like I had to take the PC I'm
sorry she doesn't have her own she's got
like a Chromebook and a tablet
she's got the ps4 there she said she
forgot the Wii U there wanna play
rollercoaster tycoon
that's the game she likes but boldly
they rode I the the final boldly they
rode says I I should get used to WASD
because you know just because that's how
games are set up the the final linchpin
in this decision was seeing Rich's
number pad and the grid system makes way
more sense to me and best for
portability for playing on the couch of
course lap desk and the number pad it's
not you know keyboards could be our side
yeah of the lackey board will hang off
the side of a lap desk a number pad and
a big gaming mouse or a big gaming mouse
pad fits on the lap desk perfectly yeah
and it's I'm not losing out on buttons
with all the buttons on the gaming mouse
and the number pad it's it's a win-win
and then I'll rich you're a genius
the number pad is in a perfect grid it's
in a perfect grid and sure WASD is just
slightly off-center yeah but it's still
perfect grid don't talk about the
reactions you got people saw you playing
that's after the after the half-life 2
the the Jack is learning how to use a
mouse episode we got so many questions
on Twitter wondering about our gaming
setup
yeah people people were curious how are
you doing this what do what oh my god I
can't believe it and you know I'd get
back to all of them it's like oh it's
it's just an ordinary lap desk a number
pad in a gaming mouse that's it but I
think I think people are so it's so
hardwired in them then they need them a
keyboard a full keyboard or they need a
controller for the couch or in that
control that mouse and keyboard is
impossible on the couch right and I know
and this number pad it was like seven
eight dollars on Amazon it's nothing you
know
it's nothing and the gaming mouse I got
on sale so thank you oh I think someone
sent me that sale - for the gaming mouse
it's just a very simple wired gaming
mouse but uh that's right the most
important feature about using a keyboard
is getting is getting the the piece of
wood from the dump that that lights a
simple lap desk and repaired the board
from atop was an exaggeration where's
the board a pick it up oh we don't have
the camera we don't have the camera rich
it I it you can get it one at Target
it's just like a black live desk if you
got a could attach a padded cushion on
the bottom yep and it's got a flat
surface it looks like a giant like
artist kind of palette ya know it is a
board from the dump with a pillow on the
bottom like that's it it's designed to
be a left essence and it's very
comfortable to use and you know I got I
did get a larger mousepad yeah you know
gaming mouse pad and the mouse pad and
the number pad and the mouse fit on the
lap desk perfectly you know you know
it'll obviously take a little time to
bind all the correct keys yes that's the
hassle annual probably still wants a
keyboard around you just in case you
know hype hypothetically you wanted to
get crazy yeah yeah you could get I
forget what the program's called well
there's controller mate there's joy two
key kind of like it's like a macro kind
of program where you can like program it
so like when you hit W and it's the K he
you know you can you could you can
pre-program a script oh so like you're
you know keypad number whatever number
attends being a eight is w oh okay sure
and then then you already have your WASD
setup on your number pad that's where
they would roughly correspond I like
that that would be an option like that
autohotkey chap thank you thank you k is
87
Otto what is autohotkey autohotkey it's
important to remember to use your index
finger to operate the mouse don't use
your thumbs yes yes I'm its listen it's
it's it is difficult for me I'm an old
man and I've been using a controller all
my life you're not a dog job I can learn
new trees and old dogs can learn new
tricks and I am trying I am trying
it's a plutonium step you know the no i
i've been i've been Zeist if you're
enjoying no man's sky i think that's
great one thing i will say as i was
playing today for these long stretches
and just mindlessly doing the same thing
over and over and and as i'm doing ours
as you are now you know who would love
this game stoner jack yeah if I were
still a pothead rich yeah this would be
a very different review I want to let
you know that look at all the things the
game is almost completely mindless it's
very repetitive there's an it's not like
there's no there's no confrontation and
it's beautiful the music is is
minimalist with little Peaks here and
there if I were still a pothead yeah
this might be the game of the year for
me I'm not that's not stoner shaming I'm
saying that when you are stoned you are
you you are in a different mindset and
and you don't necessarily you know have
all of your higher brain functions can
you get yeah you can tell us about the
time you were most oh no that's many
times but I I think I would really dig
this is just like and you know think
about how you slowly walk and just take
in your environment and flying your
spaceships and
iein gas clouds and beautiful planets
and spaceships man like look at these
colors rich look at this world sure were
more colors in the trailer there
remember when there was grass in this
game no I have to I've run into some
grand rarely rarely I've run into it I
think this this is a this game is a
potheads dream space and openness and no
confrontation and repetitive motion
are we getting tips I have the tip thing
open are you are they having issues
tonight they sometimes they have issues
hold on let me let me try refresh in
here maybe I need to wait oh my
apparently I needed to manually refresh
sorry sighs darn very very sorry
everyone I don't know how this happened
tips tips I will looking into them right
now so how am I here why am i I almost
hit a fucking gettin oh because that
looks like the reticle yeah oh it's
because this isn't a normal phone I'm so
sorry everybody hold on for a second my
stream tipalert er is not working
correctly we do have tips but apparently
instead of opening the stream tip alert
er what
if I could just melt them here
yeah just melt them stay there obnoxious
here we go here's the tips oh my god so
many tips many apologies to everyone
we've talked about a lot of neat things
I don't regret it well you know that's
they talked about my perfect day we
talked about your mouth setup we talked
about the game we're gonna get to them
now we're gonna power through Skulltula
house repetitive grinding like pokemons
Jack why don't you love this game I like
it like we talked about earlier in
Pokemon and in other games that have
repetitive action you're usually
building towards something like in
Pokemon you grow a team and your Pokemon
grow and they learn new moves and you
move forward in the game and a big part
of my problem with this is I can't tell
that I'm moving forward so that's why
yonder yonder says actually this is
Peter Molyneux latest game at the center
of the galaxy is the latest version of
curiosity each time you get to the
galaxy's center you get to click on it
once and then start over now what
happens that's awful that's what happens
I think that's a joke hey Jack would you
really be shocked
did you really be shocked I will be
shocked at nothing at the at the end of
this game 97th jackal says hey guys
leaving for college scared out of my
mind but knowing I can watch rlm stuff
how much is fine it'll definitely make
the transition smoother PS fuck McCook
don't know what college you're going to
but still take a class as seriously yep
that's it's a harsh transition for a lot
of people because you you you have a lot
a lot more a lot of things are put on
your shoulders yes in college like if
you up the class they're not gonna like
suspend you or something they're just
gonna let you not show up in the class
until you fail yes you will you are now
responsible for your own well-being
including taking your call your classes
and so all you got to do is do the work
you can do what we believe in you 97's
jackal the real van says you guys should
check out grow up it just came out for
$10 and it's better than no man's sky
you play as a robot who crash lands on a
planet to has to find and reassemble
pieces of the ship grow up I will add to
the list the real they on give me one
moment and I will add that to our games
to playlists
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo oh shit
this list is again grow up
done great anonymous
remember McCall house in the living room
no I don't you have to kiss my neck I
almost touching your blouse in the
morning at the top of the stairs father
what he did that night we found Rick
I've read that thing you wrote dang Hesh
says I will tip good money for a tech
guy to figure out how a game crash
physically broke bricked a web cam I'm
just not saying it caused it I'm just
saying that's when the cameras stopped
working the game crashed the camera
stopped working the computer has now
been restarted we plugged the camera in
the camera still not working yeah we
will we will reboot the driver software
for the camera after the stream but it's
weird don't you think don't you think
gobbledygook says rich is passing up
tons of stuff there are hundreds of
crash ship you can upgrade to on planets
avoid water planets I found fresh ships
I can upgrade to they're all kind of
crap do you know how to find beacons
towers etc yeah you just go in the rooms
and there or you go above the planet and
scan all right why do I care about
finding these things this question well
well I think the main point here was you
can find crashed ships on the planet
that you can just take there's it broken
yeah but I've seen several none of them
none of them were particularly much
better than what I had rich wants to go
shopping for a good yeah I want a
quality fucking shipment I was worried
about a confirm I'm done with the ship
ship ship I'm sticking with just my
standard
I've spent a lot of time I I do like to
hunt for all the all the little stuff
around the planet most most importantly
those like cones they look kind of like
flattened traffic cones but white
because those have the suit upgrades
that give you an extra inventory slot in
your suit yeah so I've been really
paying attention for those gobbledy
so yeah we know how to do all the things
dang hash says tell Jack the universe
doesn't have a center if it did then the
Hubble expansion constant wouldn't be a
constant we're talking about the fucking
games I'm at the center of thinking of
the game's universe which that the the
the the only story in the game that we
get is that we should go to the center
of the universe in the game so
apparently we can click on something
once and and and you know what I think I
would argue that there is a center of
the universe and it's wherever you
happen to be at the moment technically
speaking right if the universe is ever
expansive if it is actually infinite if
it is infinite then wherever you are is
the center of the universe and wherever
riches is his center of the universe so
we each have our own center of the of
the universe and you know what doesn't
that make us all a little special no
okay I guess actually that's the
absolute that makes us all all not
special yeah that makes us all dust when
everyone's to quote The Incredibles and
whenever one's special
no one will be jack that's not how it
works that is that is if everyone is the
center of their own universe
don't make rich angry said in May I sent
our LM a DVD of what I imagine is of
what I imagine a are LM Chavez in ski
colab would be like Tongan ninja a
low-budget New Zealand kung fu spoof
featuring Jermaine Clement I think you
guys would enjoy it lol fuck Mike ugh I
like that Jermaine he's fries from
Flight of the Conchords
gobbledygook says our tips working now
they are gobbledygook Syme so sorry they
weren't before I don't know what
happened you guys need to you guys need
some tips on how to play this game right
now I'm very deliberately grinding
because I want to kick a spaceship the
game gobbledygook who's saying the game
is very social you can learn how to get
much much better watch other people you
know I think for some games that's true
and you know for some games you can you
can learn a little bit I don't know if
that is true with no man's sky I'm sure
there could be like little tips and
tricks like I said for rich there are
some people who just you know trade on
the space stations and that's how they
earn money that might be faster to earn
money this is how rich is playing I'm
trying to play a different way I'm just
trying to move as far as I can you know
I think there's so much wrong with the
game that it wouldn't necessarily matter
if we did something slightly faster it
would still be boring in for us says a
game that has a similar theme to no man
sky is empyrion empire on it sounds
familiar
MP wrong galactic survival has a sandbox
survival element but also base ship
building and a decent multiplayer 50%
off on Steam right now that means it's
$10 on Steam right now that sounds great
that sounds great that sounds great
camper 89 says rich check out the keto
diet high protein high fat low carb diet
is working for me thought I'd share cut
ah yeah and you know there's a lot of
success with those low carb diets oh and
when the hell are you gonna play police
quest 3 or Space Quest - sooner or later
yeah I want to do these unit 603 idiots
as rich Jake there are no overseers in a
room
forcing what to review forcing you what
to review you don't we don't care if
something is new we just want you to do
stuff that is entertaining and you write
to you and to us well that's true we I
was really excited about this game right
and in fact I was curious about - I had
I had my concerns and they were all
right right but yeah I was I was
interested in this before I came out Oh
Admiral T jt9 please don't spoil it
what's at the center of the universe I
want to get there I want to find out for
myself and I want more importantly like
if I believe the chat you might not want
people my own in the chat not want might
not want to hear it and if I'm
disappointed by it I want to be upset
about it you know so please don't spoil
it
please but no I was really excited about
this and you know I remember that first
III video we made where we first saw the
other Ford and we were like oh this
looks pretty good yeah but then the
second trailer the next year I thought
oh this all looks exactly the same
oh so I was excited to play this I'm
excited to review it I'm sorry I mean
I'm excited to to give it a piece of my
mind
Gabey Mick Krabs hello gentlemen I
hadn't dipped in a while and I wanted to
thank Lord Evans for my new demon hunter
name in Wow your album
I named it after the ancient
Mesopotamian demon
Eloise gold how terrifying speaking of
best of the worst speaking of best of
the worst there there we just film one
recently Watts I don't know when exactly
it's gonna come out because there's
actually another one being edited is
this yep oh yeah you weren't because I
wasn't anyway so there's two being
Eddings I'm not sure which one's gonna
end up airing first mm-hmm but the one
we filmed last night
probably probably my favorite all-time
favorite best of the worst off-topic
diversion rich you you took off topic
conversations to new heights
yesterday I want to let you know that I
want to let you know that and it was
that was a very weird night it was
amazing I think what we're saying is it
was amazing if if they can edit
something out of that garble it's gonna
be a make sure they can oh yeah they
always do they always do but uh yeah we
watched we watched some very interesting
movies last night and I'm trying to
remember the line from the one now I
won't say it yeah
oh I remember it now from the movie that
the bad guy says so spoiler the movie
has a bad guy but yeah that was that was
a weird weird night it's too late nights
for us let's see here lure DX is rich
know you've fallen out with comics but
you should really check out
IDW TMNT w the company o post and tone
to the old Mirage stuff but tells its
own story think you'd even like their
bebop and Rocksteady oh you just you
just you just unsold me that's the part
of the pitch that you have to leave out
same say the same tone as the old books
oh no if the art styles even really
remember and it has a recommend boom
but if bebop and Rocksteady were in the
old Mirage comics right they would have
been fucking beheaded in their first and
only appearance think yes it would not
have been pretty oh sure
surge exe says what's more disappointing
no-man's
or spore never played spore and yeah I
think I was a little too young for the
spore hype and so for me no man's sky is
more disappointing because I just wasn't
there for the hype that was spore yeah
uh yonder yonder says regarding the
camera are you sure that you drained the
electricity out of it you have to hold
it upside down and shake it for ten
seconds to make sure it has absolutely
no electricity before he reboots what
about no man's sky or fabled oh you know
what I liked fable you know what I know
that fable did not deliver what was
promised but it was still like a
perfectly acceptable generic fantasy
action game it still had an acceptable
game in there Skyrim lights right oh of
course but you know what it was it was a
fine game nothing nothing special
nothing magical it did not live up to
what they promised but you still got a
gate you you got a game out of it rich
the Junior Scrolls the Junior Scrolls
you got a game out of it though yeah
unlike unlike planet Dental Hygienists
care would just watch the play she went
off on a full rant about the game and it
was kind of beautiful right and it made
me love her all the more but I I still
think that there's there's enough good
about fable where if you're disappointed
sure but anonymous says have you guys
ever watched so after this after these
this to pile here is a pile over there
yeah we're gonna go to the space station
yeah we're gonna try the trading game
sure I'll try that oh sure yeah see how
it works
have you guys ever watched the twitcher
con carnage the man streams are
absolutely
amazing I've never heard of him so not
against him
no never just never heard him yep
gobbledygook giving you a little heads
up and says go to a yellow beam use a
bypass chip choose transmission orangey
for transmission tower gives you crash
chips every karat crashed ship is better
you will get more slots
I've never gotten I've never gotten a
crashed ship ship from a transmission
tower no no you know like the the tiny
boxes that have the beams of light yeah
I've never gotten a crashed ship from
one of those as an option not quite it
doesn't say crash chip it says like
transmission transmission yeah like it
says it says something cryptic and so
you can either find a a monolith of
transmission or a trading base or
something right but I agree with rich
that all of the crashed ships I have
found have been garbage and would have
taken too much too many resources just
to fix up where he's just gonna buy one
if it's if it's worth it to fix up
that's one thing sure sure
it's gotta be worth it to fix up yeah
yeah yeah yeah oh okay well that's how
you do it dr. death stalker says rich
what please play something else no this
is the hyped game really this game is
not worth your time the boredom is real
honestly I've been getting a lot of
stardew valley flashbacks to my extreme
my extreme boredom and more interesting
things to do is start your valley
there's an actual feeling of growth
there's people to talk to there's yeah
there's building up your farm you can do
stuff terms like see you mind things to
get a bigger ship to mind more things to
get a bigger ship to mind more things it
sounds horrible okay let's see here
alright so we'll try it we'll try the
transmission okay and we'll save the
ship's garbage okay if the ship is
garbage yeah then go up then we're going
up and were gonna do the trading thing
great that sounds great the mechanical
says you have unredeemed items to claim
them please use the option menu thank
you for playing the game so I don't want
yeah I didn't want to do that it never
goes away yeah but he also the
Mechanical Turk also says thank you for
playing the game so I never have to
those god damn blue things will not go
away do you know okay so I talked
earlier about how I am 50 warp jumps in
yeah I am far into the game do you know
what blue thing just recently popped up
month to switch from your mining laser
press up on the d-pad yeah I've all the
game should know if I've already used a
button don't you think yeah I think it's
like the game says you've used that
button I'm not gonna make that thing pop
up should would are two entirely it's
frustrating rich there's many things
about this game that frustrating is the
this fucking sprint you mean the three
second sprint yeah it's very realistic
diving okay let's see here where are we
you know I'm not in great shape I
promise sprint for a bit more than seven
seconds I don't know if I could let's
see here now Lona rocktron says now I
want a game of an amateur dentist
simulator on people like kim jeong-hoon
amateur dentist simulator I'm sure
that's a game there anything yeah some
sort of dental hygiene game spinoff of
surgeon simulator poom-poom Ames pool
man man's friend puma man silver man's
friend there we go Puma man's friend
says thank you for the hard work and
late nights to bring us best of the
worst where is it filmed anyway by the
way it sounds like rich wants politics
in Spain guys I said this last stream
yeah there's nothing wrong with space
politics George Lucas is just a moron
he's just a bad writer right there's
been some awesome
politics Star Trek is all space politics
yeah there have been a lot of good
before mass effect went bad it's all
space politics yeah yeah science which
is just full of great space politics
yeah yeah yeah I'm with you I'm with you
best of the worst is filmed here at the
studio like it always is also just
answer the other part of your question
and then man that new set looks great
I'm super happy with how those lights
work build up those sides yeah yeah
there needs to be a little taller
it's looking good looking good so far
looking good so far
elfonzo sparkle fat says hey guys if you
want to see a perfect illustration of
the letdown of no man's sky check out a
quick youtube video called no man skies
released trailer by Lily Lilu multipass
no man's sky release trailer okay I
think I've seen that one is that the one
with the Jurassic Park music it's cute
it's it's a funny joke gobbledygook says
you have chosen this boring play style
rich okay
gobble-gobble the Goswami gobbledygook
is really upsetting right no I just
wanted a better ship right and so in
your head and this is easy to do while
talking right in your head farming for
gold is the is the way to a better ship
gobbledygook says you're playing it
wrong okay
you should have rolled so roll them you
should you should have roll bridge
gobbledygook says you do not know how to
play this game this is like watching
Jack play Sonic the Hedgehog I called it
I didn't even see that and I called the
you should or old rich unsubscribe this
is an RPG and you do not like RPGs watch
others cause it's not an RPG this is not
an RPG gobbledygook so this game has its
defenders this game has its defenders
and their name is gobbledygook
ah a dairy farm I grew up on a dairy
farm that's cows I mean it was an
all-around fun we had some cows and some
chickens but I think it was mostly a
dairy farm we had more cows than
anything at the milk the cows my out of
fuel here with Ruster thrust thrust
there we go got one guy it's not it's
not an RPG got Legos
all right so we need to find a
transmission tower we're gonna try it
we're gonna try this okay this is legit
shot do it you're gonna find a little
cube with a thing do you want to learn a
language no yeah I just want to win yeah
sometimes you sometimes doesn't know
elated like a lot further away from the
thing that I would have liked to have
landed it does that yeah oh let's see
here citizen one one eight says I just
got my wisdom teeth removed yesterday in
pain and on pills while unable to eat
things I was just wondering if you guys
have had yours removed than what your
appearance was like uh no Karen was
really amused watching me on the way
home driving me home yeah yeah painful
mm-hmm yeah yeah mine were like
basically in sideways yeah that's
terrible yeah I've had mine removed as
well first time I ate solid food like a
week later it was just the most
wonderful thing yeah it hurts sucks I'm
sorry no I don't have any amusing
stories though let's see here Hunza
Frosch says watching the stream on my
iPad today just for the hell of it I
wrapped my lips around the tiny speaker
why the fuck did you do that feeling
Jack's angelic voice in my throat is
something I can fully recommend to
anyone that's very strange
tons of rush
but um thanks for saying something
what's down here
it's another monolith walking for a
beacon you can learn some words that's
that's good
I've researched I've recently got a got
a milestone I've learned over a hundred
words that's that was big for me early
on and you still can't make sense out of
anything anyone says well you'd make a
little more sense a little bit more the
end that you know that was important to
me where I thought that was gonna be a
really important aspect of the game
they're not not really to be anonymous
says just got the achievement over with
so I can continue playing the game the
meaningless achievement that means jack
shit I would I would love for a little
option to turn that off I would - that
would be great
that would be great there was something
else obvious I couldn't find a graphics
option for driving me nuts try to
remember what it was but how long I know
there's the whole field of view thing
we're on the PlayStation 4 you can't
change the field of view which is still
really bothers me just anonymous says I
just got tickets for my first Star Trek
convention in New York City super
excited they managed to fit a full
replica of the entire bridge panel Wow
yeah that's great booths and Shatner's
ego all in one plays any advice for a
first-time con attendee not really any
great advice and just enjoy it like
what's what are you gone too many full
on Star Trek conventions I usually when
I've gone to conventions used have been
like the comic-con Marvel comic I'm sure
a lot yeah I don't even know if I've
ever been to a cop or Wizard World as
it's called these days but I'm an old
man but you know like what does a person
who goes to one of these expect to do
like what kind of game plan did you you
can buy stuff and you can hear the
people talk was the two things those are
your options you go to buy things here
the people talk that's it
all right I like it bring
bunny bring it bring bring lots of money
cash probably cash right yeah oh yeah
cash in cash a lot of booths need we'll
probably need a lot of cash don't get
mugged and bring cash yeah I think
that's just a general like piece of
advice is don't get mugged
the chair is telling me I'm gonna do
some goofy sprint mail a jump thing to
move faster which that's just bullshit I
shouldn't have to do that no you do
faster you shouldn't have to do that ah
let's see so so yeah yeah drink lots of
water and you know have a good time
look at all the shit it's mostly gonna
be booths where you can buy shit
that's what ninety nine ninety five
percent of its gonna be
it's just booths to buy yeah sure then
booths to talk to stars or no why not
talk to booths to give them $50 for a
signed autograph sure sure yeah I guess
don't don't go in expecting to like have
a meaningful conversation with me and a
circus or anything oh yeah there's one
there's a little box with a light coming
out of it I might need carbon and iron I
figured what the chip is made out of
daddy's just iron actually not no
iron everywhere wait till you save and
then Oh
this week's are bred by I Ron butterfly
in the Garden of Eden um let's see here
where were we anonymous the final
frontier of space this is the Starship
Enterprise trips continues to delve into
the world of this new mission seek out
new life a new culture boldly go what
what okay gobbledygook is back at it
rich all right watch a 48 slot ship 48
slot suit and 48 slot gun unlock with
all cannons beams jet packs print
support and mining and all upgrades to a
+5 or better why should it win Wow well
there's one you start out shitty and in
move over time yeah that's what that's
what go would be good God as I think
that goes to our we were not feeling the
us getting better the the grind the
obnoxious grind yeah yeah I'm not
feeling the obnoxious grown they don't
like the obnoxious you're right no
you're feeling the grind but you're not
feeling yourself get stronger because of
the grass that's the problem
you're supposed to grind slowly now I
want to get that shit out of the way
because I don't like the grind but
that's all the game is oh there was a
hole yeah yeah and don't forget to save
you saving you get out of the ship yeah
but then if you do that then you get
bonus when it's fine and that'll get you
more money because then you can go into
the menu and upload sake have you been
getting all the money from that no
that's like free money all right all
right all right you want money to buy a
ship it's like free money rich that ship
money though huh
that adds to it who knows how much you
got a bypass ship uh where were we
rich what no what am I doing wrong now
oh no sorry not that one first uh poor
man's friend says how did the studio
come about well I'm sure someone built
it somebody said we really need a place
to film things I believe that was Mike
and J's let's rent a place to film
things I believe that was Mike and J's
thought process was man it would be nice
to have a place to film things that was
not our living room and then they were
into the building who has to drive the
longest to get there by the way rich it
sounds like he is becoming more
frustrated as time goes by I think he
needs a hug when he goes home he will
get a hug from carrying on being I'm I
am incredibly getting more frustrated
the more I play the more I play the the
angrier I get at the game I'm just
trying to make it to the center of the
universe and the game keeps fucking with
me oh wait so what did you choose at the
thing transmission transmission I was
supposed to pick right transmission no I
lost it maybe I was told transmission
okay I wanted yeah I can go back to it
choose transmission RNG for transmission
tower gives you crash ship so the oh oh
so the transmission gets you to the
tower what crashed ship and then the
tower randomly the the random number
generator might give you a crash it how
is what is what all of that is what
gobbledygook I think I think granting
gold might get me there faster I think
crying hopefully get a ship else the
shitty ship grind hopefully get a ship
no crying hopefully get a ship no grind
hopefully gonna ship no grind hopefully
get a ship no crying hopefully good ship
I'll just shitty chef grind hopefully
gonna ship no grind hopefully gonna ship
no grind hopefully gonna ship no crying
hopefully get your mother's ship oh
alright hopefully get a ship grind
hopefully good I'm just gonna firm gold
fuck it yeah cuz they always you're
shooting shit where were we so now rich
but choc storm would like to know what
the best weird al' album is I don't know
albums I know songs when the best song
is Amish paradise he's done Amish
paradise is pretty good pretty how much
paradise is his best and he's had great
ones I loved the video for fat is is
great the greatest I mean there's a when
you once you factor in the video but
just saw sure just the song how much
paradigm a paradise that's what you're
going with interesting as I walked
through the valley where I harvest my
grain take a look at my wife and
realized she's very plain that's just
perfect for an Amish like me you know we
shunned fancy things like heat
electricity 4:30 in the morning I'm
milking cows oh god damn it something
something in Jacob plows yeah yeah but
I've been milking and Shirin and so long
that even as it you'll thinks that my
mind is gone I'm a man of the land I'm
into discipline got a Bible on my knee
and a beard on my chin that might be the
other way around yeah the the best Weird
Al song is Albuquerque everyone knows
that
alright is his like freeform thought
rant on moving to Albuquerque
greatest you know I was with some people
recently who do business with the Amish
yeah and they told me some stories about
the Amish they're horrible horrible
people uh they might be I don't know the
the Amish have some very interesting
workarounds for how they get business
done with outsiders because as you know
an Amish person say could not have a
telephone right but that doesn't mean an
Amish person can't use a telephone oh my
god they cannot own a telephone and so
oftentimes what will happen is an Amish
businessperson will buy a telephone for
their employee II uh and then their
employee and so like the Amish person
buys a telephone but it's further
employee who's not Amish then that
employee as part of their job has to
leave that telephone at the Amish
person's house so the Amish person can
use that telephone no no problem all the
time but technically they do not own it
okay then that same employee also
therefore Amish you're finding loopholes
for their shitty rules they have found
all these loopholes an Amish person will
also buy that same employee a truck so
that employee can drive to and from work
but of course then that employee like
just drives around Amish people okay
there are crazy Amish yeah we're losing
all of our Amish audience right now but
but like they were going through all of
like the workarounds that an Amish
person has to go through just to do
business uh at that point what the fuck
are they doing like how many rules do
you have to bend before you just say
everybody's rules don't work so well I
saw a documentary once about teenage
Amish kids who go out into the real
world right before they're fully
accepted as an amish
i forget what it's called but there's
all kinds of horrible debauchery that
goes on well and they're supposed to be
yeah like that's it like get it out of
your system and if you can come back
then you're true ramen yes
it's a it was a fascinating documentary
I just can't remember what it was called
there's a specific name for Rumspringa
Rumspringa that's what it's gone okay
Rumspringa I've heard this before
Rumspringa wear an Amish youth and will
go out into the real world and they can
do whatever the fuck they want no rules
and if they come back they all cool um
just this guy you know says Jesus tips
have gotten kind of weird around here
guys tell me about it I briefly
considered getting no man's sky when I
had a free day recently but it wasn't
out yet so I bought starbound instead
great call I've heard great things about
Starbound haven't gotten around to
playing that yeah miss spring is going
no it's not a week it's not like rum
Springer can last as long as the
teenager wants it yeah for some Amish
youth it lasts years and they live in a
horrible debauchery some might not come
back
and some might not come back but here's
the thing you can do whatever you want
on Rumspringa and if you come back to
the Amish Way of life like the rules of
Amish religion say you're absolved of
all the sins that you committed during
Rumspringa
yeah I'm sure Linga this is how I said
I'm a Springer I think you have to say
it German yeah yeah yeah seven of
Borgnine says rich what have you played
dishonored yet I need to it's one of
those like that's a game I'm gonna get
very involved in and just my head space
for a long time lately you spend the the
quicker games
yeah or Katie type stuff you gotta get
in there rich fine fine the time the the
Ultimate Edition is quite cheap well you
already own it I own it okay I own it I
wouldn't mind another minute HD one
recently I really came out yet but what
we need just this guy know says the the
seven of organ and says the Ultimate
Edition is quite cheap and the second
game is going to be out soon I think you
would enjoy it based on your love of
thief also hi jack
also I Jen also hijack moon in front
says arrested for that I'd you I
wouldn't I wouldn't recommend it don't
say that
near an airport please please they do
take they take even joking about that
very very seriously
Oh start to our question for moon front
rich yeah and only you can answer this
because you know me I don't remember
names or people or places or things
okay why is it data can recreate the
speeches the speech of others perfectly
Allah brothers but cannot use
contractions F s bullshit is it ever
explained in the show cuz bullshit
oh there's no camera I was pointing to
rich yeah because that's the data is not
a real cyborg its script and it's
written sometimes they do things you
know for dramatic reasons sometimes the
writer will do a thing called making up
a rule then that's the rule and the
writer made it up so they could be in an
interesting situation like with data
they made up this rule where you can't
use contractions and then when the hobos
his name let's date his brother
Laura when Laura came and can use
contractions that's how they figured out
that it was Lord it's miss all me good
thing don't don't you remember don't you
remember the death of Superman the Death
of Superman lives by max landis and the
conversation he had with his father john
landis the conversation goes like this I
don't remember
remind me oh it's it's a great it's a
great little web web show that max
landis made I think I've seen it even I
just don't remember them the
conversation that he had with his father
John Landis goes like this rich how do
you kill a vampire
you stake him in the heart you put them
out in sunlight no vampires aren't real
you kill them however the fuck you write
it in the script that's the conversation
he had with his dead that's how it works
collecting data says thought brent
Spiner uses contra
sometimes on accidents probably probably
I'm sure it happens every once in a
while so haven't found that crash ship
so I've found it that was your second
beacon yep
no crash ship yet Oh gobbledygook sis
doing rich just gobbledygook sis doing
we know that we know that crashed ship
yeah yeah see if you can find it and see
they find him we're worried where were
we
gobbledygook s-- says you don't want a
beacon you want a transmission yeah but
the beacon takes you to the transmission
tower right how else do you find the
transmission tower if you don't have the
beacon gobbledygook s-- make multiple
bypass chips and doom or multiple
transmission surges all right our Isis
gobbledygook rich and daemon nation says
you're wasting valuable gold grinding
time by looking for this crash ship
progress progress made towards getting a
new ship since going the transmission
route zero
you can do it you can do it rich I
believe in you Oh goblins again says the
rng i mentioned the random number
generator was using the bypass chip just
keep using bypass chips until you get a
transmission tower right but rich is
finding transmission towers but then to
transmit that last couple time last one
or two times i didn't it
okay okay enough Oh fair enough every
ship you find will be a me I forget that
I can use those things more than once
sure sure
gobbledygook says every ship you find
will be a marginal increase you have to
know how to search Ritchie shoulda
rolled as I think the moral of the story
mining gold huh so I get a really really
good you you could have I could have
done
you couldn't this whole time you could
have been getting a ton of gold like a
ton of what's it wait what's here so 2.7
you you've earned this stream so far I
saw a really nice one that I wanted once
it was like 3.7 no
okay that was my goal to get around four
you can also go through and upload all
of your shit and get a probably a ton of
money I haven't I don't know how much
I've actually been doing that kind of
stuff though scanning yeah anonymous
says joke funny not found no here's the
joke mrs. Adam West went to the vet my
dairy cow seems sad when I'm done
milking them the vet said well how would
you like it if someone played with your
tits for two hours without fucking you
Amy Kimball says hey guys what are your
favourite Aussie TV shows movies etc
besides Mad Max rich watching you escape
watching you stream from the Uni in
Sydney on Thursday arvo much love from
Australia first game that's just really
easy one that's an easy one isn't that
um oh what's the what's the comedy show
that made fun of old Italian filmmakers
it was like danger 7 okay what was a
cold I don't call a chat chat it was
called like danger maybe it's called
danger 7 I believe that was Australian
someone's gonna tell me I think it's
called danger 7 no danger 5 oh I was so
close rich it's called danger 5 and I
believe that was an Australian show it's
like it's like a web show but it's still
incredibly incredibly funny danger 5 if
you like some of the movies we watch on
best of the worst you watch yourself
some danger 5 season one only season 2
it kind of falls off but season 1 a
danger 5 is brilliant
yeah danger 5 is the same people who did
Italian spider-man did you ever see that
that YouTube video italian spider yeah
that's the same then they went out to do
danger 5 okay they're great they're
great
Casey Boehner live says shameless plug
ahead rich if you are looking for an
arcade eMobile game check out my indie
game super wizard fever for on ios and
android retro infinite retro infinite
runners similar to Canabalt
that was indeed shameless that was a
shameless plug but you know what
literally I guess it's just an
advertisement at this point because they
paid for it so I said it I said the
thing you paid for
and it made a thing really be desperate
if we're doing the advertising yeah
they made a thing they wanted to share
the thing they made this is a neat
building huh this is a neat building oh
yeah oh you can I bet you could do some
of that trading here I bet a bunch of
ships will come here
buy my book says gadget Freeman buy my
book oh look there's a ship and then
gobbledygook switch we talked about a
re-imagined okay great Hey we hate rich
what we're caught up on tips
hey nice sorry we had that we the plug
through a couple of they oh hey got a
mission fluid nice oh you need that if
you're gonna warp yeah you need that
rich you did well there what do you got
I want at least 30 slots on this fucking
ship Dan Taylor - shittin ya 23 slots
for 1.2 no that's pretty good hey would
that I had the money I might get a
really nice fucker what I'm saying is
for your 30 slot ship it's looking like
you're in the right price range 23 slots
is 1.2 so that's great that's great rich
left over beefcake says rich what what
just keep playing the game the wrong way
because if you do so we'll get more tips
from gobbledygook so I can buy that new
computer I need thanks me of cake so the
goal is to buy low so high right and so
like so I are you in the buying section
so like none of these are extreme but
sometimes you'll see them in like the
negative 50% negative
percent right so like none of these are
too great so I would say don't buy any
of these right but sometimes yeah you
can you can just be a marketplace we're
not doing why are we looking for more
transmission towers are we just gonna go
you rich this is your gaming experience
you tell me I'll take a look at some of
these guys ships say what's going on
what are these ships these could be good
similar ships they're the exact same
ships they have the exact they are by
definition similar you didn't go far
enough is what I'm saying twenty three
slots okay for a one point two again
that's more than what you what how many
do you have fifteen oh okay so that's I
mean the DLC ones like seventeen you got
a better ship in your inventory yeah
little teeny bit see if they have
anything crazy discount
alright sheet suspension fluid yeah yeah
nope nope
did you sell all your gold already nope
okay
tried it maybe so look at look at them
if they're selling at a good price or if
they're buying at a good price too
that's a good point welcome to honest
Gore walks you spaceship Emporium we
sell all the good spaceships here how
many in Oh 24 inventories la 30 my
minimum is fucking 30 goddamnit
I didn't grind for 10 hours for nothing
just like 10 more slots than you have is
a good slot you smile you know what you
can put in those loves plenty slots you
can put plutonium in those slots you
could put all your pyrite in those slots
you could put all your zinc know what
else you can put into these slots way I
don't understand this is sexting is you
make the love to the slot oh no no don't
believe I am to be explaining this to
you know
I know I want to make a lot of two-slit
I want to make love in slot I want slot
to make love to me how I do this yeah
what's he buying gold for or he's not
he's not buying gold
oh no you sold all your gold did I
apparently or is it in your ship you
have to move it to your personal
inventory no I guess I guess I sold her
the one of the last stops mm-hmm and
forgot about it all right no big deal
okay no big deal
great this is great
Puma man's friend says hey what's up
guys subscribe to my youtube channel
subscribe to my youtube channel and half
of the video is me telling you to
subscribe this is gonna start a whole
thing and I've been Zeist zero zero says
hey guys still loving the stream I'm on
vacation this week and I took some time
to watch it what thank you for sharing
your vacation with us
eivin's iced let's see here put this
towards the new computer I recently
upgraded mine and I know it feels good
yeah it was good
I've been taking a look at like some
small form small form bills gaming
centric computers you know there's some
pretty reasonable prices and you know
just trying to figure out figure out
what I need processor wise that's the
obvious like park system processor
graphics card is the biggest mine mine
is overkill
you're what my processor okay well you
know if I you know we I need something
that works that's the only thing that's
my old that's my only my only criteria
is something that I'll play overwatch
that's all I care about
if it plays overwatch it will probably
play everything else
because I'm I'm also not someone who is
here's the question are you having me
build this or are you getting something
pre-built I'm looking at some of the
pre-built stuff or some of the stuff
that's like partially pre-built yeah
where you know like oh I can put in my
own SS SSD I can put in my own graphics
card but most of its pre-built I've been
I've been looking at these smaller form
gaming computers listen each chip I'm
sure it's tiny yeah that looks like a
tiny chip if anyone watches Linus's
Linus tech tips he has a he's a great
YouTube channel where she does computer
reviews and a lot of his stuff is 18
slots get the fuck out of here bad shit
really
you were pooh-poohing 24 slots before ya
know I'm not gonna buy it
alright just say for what for the price
it's not a bad ship yeah do a joke build
stream we're rich just bumbles and
destroys PC parts not a bad idea it's
not about faking it with a the build a
PC stream fireworks inside of just an
old crappy PC
I know I'll be fine I just have yet to
pull the trigger and you know it's just
one of those things where you know the
strategy here is to look for something
in the double digits at least right you
know what I never do this I'm just
saying that's what people do have and
you know what it looks like you don't
even have to worry about it because you
have plenty you've had plenty of money
to buy all these ships anyway so I think
you you have enough money and if you
don't I'm just kind of go get some more
gold anyway so it won't really matter
look at look at the sheep
I'll check it out later but it's gonna
be time I know what you think
Jack said dude unless that's the
opposite 99 plus 99.9 so he yeah we we
want geek charms so yeah he's probably
buying get terms at at a premium right
now which is great oh look at that bacon
oh I bet there's got ton of room in the
room he left oh this is the ship you won
right I can tell this is it look at that
look at that behemoth back it up back it
up
it's kind of ugly but it's kind of
something it's just kind of oh oh
23:23 they had a bigger one before 93
I've seen a 31 I've seen it you see I
know it's possible
damn it oh yeah oh no you know like I'm
not like I'm not concerned with 4k with
with my gaming computer um mostly
because most of my gaming is done in my
office and I just have a tiny monitor so
I don't care about 4k uh yeah I just
want you know I want something that'll
get me 60 frames a second at most games
that's all I really care about what's
the antimatter formula again antimatter
is for you know that glowing green ball
yeah you do that and then you get a
glowing purple ball and then you do that
and then you can turn it into antimatter
I don't think you have all the formulas
yeah Carbon turns into the glowing green
ball then you add plutonium and it turns
into a glowing purple ball then you add
the blue stuff and zinc and it turns
into an Taemin right is the formula get
a bigger monitor I don't know I have you
know what I have a very nice-sized
monitor it's on my desk it's very close
to me I'm happy with my monitor also a
lot what the Atlas tone
yeah but that's your analyst stone don't
you need that I'm not using the analyst
who bought this the pipe menu oh they
were selling one oh you could have
multiple Atlas stones here you need ten
at the center of the galaxy they have
heard I don't I don't have any I didn't
even get the one that you start with
what's going to happen when I get to the
center of the universe and I don't have
any Atlas start with one huh did we
start with one no you got to choose
whether you don't think that's the same
thing okay
you got to choose whether you took the
Atlas stone and I assume that the Atlas
stone was like a tutorial so I didn't
take it and that chose to go my own way
so what's the strategy on the buying and
selling because I'm not seeing anything
selling for a favorable price that's
we'll see I think this is this is very
similar to your gold grind where
literally people will do whatever is
favourable right even the low digit
favorable and then they'll just keep
doing it over and over again I think I
don't think you need to worry about it
though don't get yeah but yeah just buy
buy low sell high do you bother when
it's in the single digits is the
question sure that's a fair question
would is it bigan that's probably
another I wonder if all ships are the
same like go to that red one is that
another 23 slot one I think it's why I
talked to earlier I think I was in a
different place
no that's a 24 slot one closer well yeah
what I was wondering is if ship types
always have the same amount of slots
we've seen that body before that chassis
but it only had 23 slots
well there's probably have roughly the
same right okay I'm with him oh sorry
I've been missing tips because we were
talking about stuff
anonymous says Jack are you hunting for
naked alien woman to put slots in no no
cuz you know what you get these Tron
guys in a bunch of ugly aliens that I
don't want to put nothing and no I'm
saying go capaldi cooks what what
gobbledygook is being very kind to us
what a gambling kook say here is a $60
refund for no man's sky oh that's not
necessary gobbledygook we appreciate
that and you know Captain Cook says to
put it towards stellaris it's a
real-time strategy game or for a
platformer try Starbound or for a fun
action adventure try DC Universe Online
for the ps4 it's for you Fox comedy
cooks I'm glad that you're enjoying the
game rich and I aren't but yeah I mean
we appreciate that I've heard great
things about Starbound and seven of
Borgnine says rich what is your favorite
white sox player of all time all time
all the times well probably someone from
the o5 team Paul Konerko Jermaine Dye
and I like that whole fucking team she
have always been find of AJ Pierzynski
everyone hates him and that's what makes
him a great baseball player
it's a troublemaker you want him playing
on your team oh okay
that's great
I was at a Zen a White Sox game once
they're playing Detroit and a lot of
Detroit fans will travel to watch an
away game at what a White Sox play oh so
you're for sure oh sure yeah
and AJ was not playing that game it was
the other catcher was playing and this
drug Detroit fan just kept heckling AJ I
kind of love it yeah I kind of love it
let's see here
and Jack excluding marijuana what is
your favorite experience with drugs
Thank You 749 um so plus 89 that's good
wait are you selling it for yeah yeah
that's a good deal so that's profit
that's a profit I had a couple really
fun experiences with other drugs the the
one time I did I made a tiny little bit
of money there you go so there go tiny a
little bit you're almost at three mil
that's close you're getting somewhat oh
look fuck I'm running I'm running you
can um yeah jump over yeah catch
yourself oh that's it rich run run run
run run run run get to the front get to
the front get to the front need to be in
front and this is gonna be it rich or
maybe not I don't know
look at that ship look at that ship 28
slow Oh 3.2 million 28 slots
see if he wants to bind oh yeah oh oh
yeah do all of this stuff wait go to
your discoveries were they were they all
there and just start uploading
everything nothing's uploaded yeah you
get my new game the other night I don't
know why just give it another you get a
fresh start
sure
so I probably don't have that many
discovery sir why are you not uploading
anything I have never actually done this
no I mean it's not working you have to
hold it down
Oh Ming there you go so now you do all
the planets and then you have to click X
on all the planets to do all the stuff
on all the planets see if you can get to
3.2 were rich see if you got enough in
here No so now hit X on each planet
would you hold down the a button so I
got hold on the a button so it's you
know a different on the PlayStation why
are you in my way oh I know isn't it
annoying we're gonna see if he can get
there he's gonna get he's gonna be close
with all this stuff he's gonna be real
close I don't know if you'll have enough
but these are all of Rich's discoveries
and if he uploads them he gets oh wait
wait wait
before I do that well we're your
creatures are hold down on those arrows
yeah says there's probably a page - yeah
get him on get him on get him all so
anyway favorite drugs I did one time I
got high I also snorted ritalin while
getting high and that was a really
fantastic experience because you get all
the like sensory stuff of not even close
huh probably not you get all the sensory
stuff of pot but then you're also very
very focused I just felt like reading
all the books I didn't read all the
books we just listened to Bjork albums
all night and that was also really great
but that was a really great experience
and you know LSD is a fun drug if you
are prepared for it the first time I did
it I was not prepared for it and had a
really really bad time and the second
time I was more prepared for it and the
times after that I was more prepared for
it I hate that you have to hold the
fucking button Dom yeah and you have to
do it for every single one
it's kind of a pain in the butt all
right
oh that's all you got yep you haven't
been scanned hey not really you would
have had so much more money to scan a
little thing here and there it's all
fine yeah you know you could just try to
sell them shit
I just sell some all of your inventory
just see what weight you're after he
wants to buy that's bad
no you're you've can G how many did ways
wait are you buying stuff from yes oh oh
oh no no sorry I thought you were
selling them stuff sounds like wait you
have four effigies I'll get you some
cash ah
where was it sorry Jen says oh sorry Jim
gave us a tip to make sure my computer
has some nice RAM to it thank you sorry
Jen
I guess this is the thing we're gonna
have to start looking into now I will
start I will start showing rich some of
my ideas for gaming PC's and obviously
sure you what if I can find it the
website I went to that really helped me
put together a PC yeah yeah okay
dang dag Heche dag josh says at what
point does bad science pull you out of a
piece of media left eye has been
twitching quite frequently all this
dream and last but that's just me what
what like what at what point does actual
science take you out of science fiction
it has and I'm drawing a complete blank
on anything specific right now
unfortunately but it has sure
it's just one of those but that's not
how that works say I'd say in Mass
Effect when they started going out onto
spacewalks with just like a little
breathing mask and the women were still
wearing like the skimpy outfits
revealing that the arms and the cleavage
yeah that's a real thing that's a real
thing
that's great
that's great I love it what I have my
breathing mask on I'm breathing just
fine here in outer space my cleavage do
or don't worry about that rich that's
gonna bounce all over the place yeah not
mother's buying and selling clothes
seems tedious yeah the time consuming
don't worry about it just be on the
lookout for those that got that ship
with the balls on it that's that's the
ship you need well apparently I need
another half mil yeah yeah parently what
is he ship daddy yeah well fuck her
that's fine mm-hmm I love your stuff to
buy and a good price I don't I don't
know if I will build the PC yeah like I
said I've been looking I've been kind of
half-assed half-assedly looking at
pre-built smaller form pcs just because
I know my office and I know like my desk
situation right now I need something
small oh they're just selling like one
of these at a time oh god this is
terrible
yeah well then stop doing I'm going to
whoops so yeah make money my doing the
training thing that's what I heard I
have not done it
don't get the insurance plan and what I
would rather watch Jack build a PC by
the way if I spent that time fucking
around with transmissions uh-huh I would
have had enough gold to buy that ship I
would have had enough gold couple tea
cooks you know I'm not making anything
on those okay that's the same price up
here all right all right
it's the same it's the same pilots same
trading amount every time per space
station your station okay so you got to
travel to another stage you want to find
someone who will buy at double on a big
item than buy from another pilot and
sell well you go back is the price the
same or does the price update
well you they probably want you to buy
it one space station then find another
space station wait those ships had good
slots right I'm um I'm getting that
other half mil first you gonna are you
going for gold he's going for gold oh oh
wait you want to find someone who will
buy a double on a big item then buy from
another pilot and sell when that other
pilot returns the pilots come back this
is what got a cycle and so so you you
take a look at what a pilot wants and
you look at four big items then you wait
for another pilot to come sounds like a
headache this looks like an other
insurer well oh right I've only stream
and that's the thing that's why I do
need a PC it'll be it'll be more
powerful than my Mac it'll be something
and you know the other reason I'm
looking at small form is is pasta is
easier for traveling for streams here
you know cuz rich brings his big Tower
in and so I've been looking at the small
yeah gaming centric ones because then
you know like if we can find good prices
probably gonna get better airflow in a
larger one I used to meet a mid one well
and that's why that's what I've been
concerned about is cooling yeah - tech
tips actually just recently did a thing
on a liquid
coold small form gaming PC at reasonable
prices liquid we might be overkill might
be overkill you have problem with liquid
you're gonna have a ruin a computer
oh no and he's also pointed to some that
are not liquid cool that they've put to
the benchmarks and have had no
overheating issues you're probably not
going to be overclocking right right oh
no and liquids gonna be overcomed yeah
so I like I said I've been kind of
half-assedly looking because if I can
find a good price on one then we could
theoretically have a streaming computer
that stays here yeah which would be very
nice because I know travelling with a
big desktop is it's got to be a pain in
the butt it is yeah it is so would you
want well you won't you would want him
sue me you would want water just at home
yeah oh yeah yeah so you think need to
maybe if we can find decent enough
prices or you know we'll check out your
website see if we can get these brothers
let me know what kind of money we have
to spend okay I'll look into that
yeah let's see here
aimless Corsair says I never realized
how much alien life-forms would look
like Daft Punk they do it's kind of
crazy here's two dollars to try to get
them to play harder better faster
stronger thank you aimless Corsair this
time it's lupus rich what what what what
I hear you did I hear you guys right
were you talking about the 2005 White
Sox yeah the pitching was the most
impressive part of it
I know I know mark Burley is the shit I
am Oh L do believe like fucking - two
fucking no-hitters actually one of them
was perfect fucking game is it that is
that like mark Burley is that oh I just
don't get excited by pitching pitching
who's el duque I'll do it El Duque I was
one of the pictures on the 2005 team
shutting down the Red Sox for complete
games in the ALCS epic epic asking me
what my personal favorite player is yes
I just don't get as excited for pictures
for pictures I understand how fucking
important they are
don't you don't you doubt that this is
that's not what the question was yes
that 2005 team they won on pitching I
damn well know that but but rich was
saying his Bobby Jenks they had a closer
with a hundred mile an hour fastball
no that's the same that's the same isn't
same but it was more fun to watch this
asshole as well you're saying yes I
enjoy watching often sorry I'm sorry
sorry no no I think it's fine mister go
it says hi guys
check out Tom's Hardware comm system
builds for ideas on gaming pcs on
various budgets I've been following
their advice for 10 plus years and
they've never steered me wrong
who Tom's Hardware okay it's one of
those PC building sites oh sure I know I
know there's a lot of them like I said
I've only been half-assedly looking i
I'm gonna start looking a little harder
and of course rich and I need to look at
our budget but you know it's been a
while we we haven't really done any big
ticket items in a while I mean you know
we got that uh we got that that uh the
webcam oh no you know what we also did
just get a new USB cable so yeah so
makeup that goes every budget rich do we
get new PCs or do we get a VR setup I
know oh yeah yeah yeah preach to the
choir there the answer is new PCs all
the time every time
epic jason says rich have you ever
designed your own spaceship either as a
kid or as it is all the time I do a
little constantly you do till your own
spaceships yeah that's adorable I'm
gonna Legos like doing it on paper rich
is a spaceship kind of guy now this one
I like they're just kind of crescent
moon shape
oh he was like a battering yeah it was
like a beggar ringing speech like a
Batarang okay he kind of crescent moon
but the tips would go down to shape it
was all shape I had in my head so yes
this is something I have done race makes
P cubes I'm gonna make a speaker based
off a meter space it's gonna keep me get
moving
you're watching you've watched too much
Robot Chicken anybody I don't know if
I've ever seen an episode of Robot
sounds just like the nerdy one that's
just a nerd voice that's can your voice
you say everybody
okay that's fine that's fine that's fine
I wasn't criticizing you I'm just
noticing thing I just noticed thing
that's okay that's the one with with the
toys right yeah Robot Chicken ice my
might have seen an episode we got they -
Seth MacFarlane robotic green okay he
under family Geico that's why - I got no
I'm second farland has done a voice in
there frequently they know each other
I'm sure you're a good friend
they're great fringe that's not the
voice of the girl from The Incredibles
that's Sarah Vowell and she has like she
has almost a no bother
Oh Annie or kind of voice I love Sarah
Vowell
have you ever yeah have you ever read
her books no but I've heard her on NPR
she writes wonderful books there you
know like a lot of Mars like collections
of her stories from this American life
but yeah I love Sarah Vowell
anonymous says I had this glitch in this
game probably I heard about this glitch
in a game I had this a glitch in this
game it happened to tell rich to buy
high sell low
also Jack makes me want to do drugs like
III can tell you about my bad
experiences doing drugs if if that'll
help you guys we and you know the fact
that I stopped doing them because I no
longer did anything else and became
depressed and became so paranoid that I
did not leave my the basement room of a
house I was renting with my friends even
though my friends were upstairs I was
scared to go upstairs really because I
was so paranoid that's what that's what
uh marijuana ended up doing to me is it
made me so paranoid that was the pot
that was the pot and so I would just
stay in my basement room all day playing
Metal Gear Solid I'm getting high rarely
going upstairs and that was that was no
fun I think there you know for me it
just did not work out very well but and
that's why I stopped and you know the
other thing about my time on the pot
yeah I didn't make one thing I'm so
sorry it's not a big deal I got it
that's a big deal for me cuz that's what
I do
yeah I make things I make videos I
didn't in comedy I I love making things
and I did not do a single goddamn
creative thing while I was on the pot
because I was too busy enjoying all of
the creative thing the the enhanced
experience of the pot so for me it ended
up really not working it might work for
someone else but for me it really really
did not end up working I just don't need
it yeah yeah you're I mean you're fine
wait till they see that topic we went
off fun on the last best of the worst
could you imagine rich Evans on the pot
you know what you probably just get
tired yeah just get tired
Cerie Cerie chen that is incredibly
incredibly nice thank you very much
tore towards the half a PC at home but
also at the studio fun Thank You Cerie
Jen also remember to play Phoenix right
of course now you know for that that's
the pressure sure but we appreciate that
sorry Jim you know what I'm gonna what
will will hatch it out banjac I'm gonna
advocate for the Phoenix right now I'm
going to be a Phoenix right a trip I
think I mean I'm not against Phoenix
right but I think we've been holding off
on Sierra games for long enough okay all
right where I'd probably want to fit in
a Sierra game first as far as like a
voice
sorry might settle for a police quest
three Sara Chen how do you feel about
them how do you feel about those police
quest or you know cuz like for me
they're the same we just do voices and
they're kind of simple yeah Sara Chen
I'm looking out for you in a chat here
to see how you feel about police quest
or Space Quest to police quest 3 or
Space Quest 2 Beefcake says no time like
the present for some Phoenix Wright hint
and I didn't bring it with so we can't
do Phoenix right today no I'm gonna
grind another three hundred thousand
dollars so I can buy a fucking spaceship
that's going doing that is our goal
tonight rich Evans is gonna get a new
spaceship and it's gonna be awesome
Sarah Chang goes Wow we have Space Quest
2 and we have police quest 3 the ends of
this at the end of the sunny Bond star
both we have said we would play but I
know police quest 3 is when we start
getting point-and-click II yeah I don't
even know if we did voice doesn't be
less creative for the things we do is
what that basically means yeah but you
know what we can still do voices still
have a fun time we can't interact with
the world there's many interesting ways
that's true we just click on the things
that were allowed to click on but if
people just want to hear that sunny buns
then that's what we're gonna do seven of
Borgnine says God

[Part II]
do seven of Borgnine says guys here's
money for a computer what are your
favorite horror films also rich please
say go Mariners go Mariners I'm not sure
okay I'm not a jerk the Mariners are
rival sports team so that I have nothing
personal against the Mariners okay all
right that's fine that's that's fine and
that's fair
though I do have something personal
against the Yankees cuz fuck the Yankees
right which made me think about Seinfeld
which made me think about I haven't read
the whole thing yet but it made me think
about something brilliant I saw last
night the Seinfeld script you saw it you
saw it I have not read it but I know it
exists please I started reading it is
it's fucking great somebody has written
a Seinfeld fan script it is a Seinfeld
9/11 episode
it's how the gang would deal with 9/11
and the aftermath they weren't like I'm
not like in the towers right that's
great it's so great I've heard nothing
but good things I haven't dared read it
yet like I'm done I'm not gonna spoil
things no no some good shit someone
wrote a fan script utilizing all the
characters in Seinfeld who the main
players
yeah and how they would deal with the
aftermath of 9/11 oh it's brilliant I've
heard from from comedian friends of mine
that it is pitch perfect to the Seinfeld
yes as well Oshin
that's my opinion so far that they
nailed it they absolutely nailed it
that's great
and yeah just Google that Seinfeld 9/11
script maybe maybe beyond private
browser so that doesn't come up in your
Google search history as your family
looks on they might have some
interesting questions for you later
but I've heard about this okay I can't
talk about it without spoiling anything
but it's really good right that's really
good
I'm excited now now all we can hope for
is that some fine oh no what are you
doing I didn't tell you to go into space
you fart oh my god you're going further
in this bin now also Sarah Chen says
she's ok with police quest okay but does
want us to play morphine expert okay and
we will oblige we will see jack jack had
a good counter argument which this has
been a while since we've done a police
question the last talkie voice thing we
did was express right so we need a
little balance in our talkie voice thing
but after that I will advocate for
Phoenix right okay I'm down I'm okay
with this anonymous hello jack and rich
I have been a viewer for of the of the
flow for over a year but I have not
posted a tip before you two are the
funniest persons on the internet so
thank you
I would like watery flesh okay what all
right yeah that's fine yeah that's
that's Jay what a good stew water a beef
stew that's a watery flesh there's
nothing creepy about that right the dark
matter says son I found this script
under your bed could you imagine if you
were a teenager and you know like your
parents caught you reading a 911 comedy
you know what have you got cool parents
they won't care they'll love it too III
know some people who don't have cool
parents and like they would flip oh yeah
what's this about 9/11 I think enough
time has passed yeah it's all you can
tell the jokes it's probably now but I'm
just I'm just imagining like a young
person you know in the end they like
year after 9/11 like hiding
piece of comedy from their finger and
yes nobody was interested in 911 comedy
a year afterwards wouldn't have right
right that's true
mmm let's see this time so this says
mark Burrell was my favorite bro Mark
Buehrle
burly mark Burley was my favorite think
we asleep depressants so horribly it
took me a while to realize what you're
talking about yeah he was great he got
the save in Game three of the World
Series
wild drunk but I I was watching the
World Series on the TV me and me and
Kern we're at a little pizza place a
little pizza place they did they sold by
the slice data they had TV in there
we're eating pizza and watching the game
and during the World Series they were
down by like three runs and Paul Konerko
hit a grand slam and I jumped out of my
seat cheering like in public making a
complete jackass out of myself yeah in
public new sports people I'll never
understand you but hey if it's what
makes me happy that's all it matters
that's all that matters let's see here
this time soup is his favorite moment of
that series was Posehn Dick's walk off
yeah it was pretty good Game one it
wouldn't have happened without Paul
Konerko hitting the Grand Slam I think
that was the same game oh well there
that was a fuckin 15 inning game 15 to
16 inning it vent went very much deck
four innings Oh sports they throw the
balls and then they catch the balls it
was a class sometimes they hit the ball
sometimes they miss the ball is when
they can want to hit the balls and I
know that's embarrassing there's balls
the first fun game and that's that's
very embarrassing for all people a very
fun game
I'd appreciate that rich what if you can
rename your ship and you get the one
with the big balls on it yeah Anonymous
is saying you should name it the Breen
all right I'm okay with that also are
you a Cubs fan no fuck the Cubs nobody
in Chicago is a fan of both teams you
pick one of them and then you stick with
that for the rest of your goddamn life
anonymous says I hope not fuck the Cubs
lol fuck my cock correct answer rich
Evans you did it you did it you nailed
it dr. death stalker rich jack here's
five dollars to never play this game
ever again this will be the last time we
stream it yes and as soon as I if I can
manage to get to the center of the
universe I'm going to check out that
thing where it says how far I am away
from the center I don't know if I care
enough I it's important to me because
I've set that as my personal goal I
think I think if a game loses you that
badly oh you don't care if it's lost the
ending or not that fast so hard if 90%
of your game is bad I don't think you're
gonna pull it pull it out in the last
second I don't think that's gonna work I
think I know you know what it won't it
won't pull it off in the last second it
will give me a sense of closure okay
that's all I'm looking for with no man's
guy it's already wrecked for me today
today it just kept spiraling further and
further down I have some very harsh
words for it that I've written down and
we will talk about those harsh words
maybe Friday all right I think you'll be
ready Friday yeah yeah maybe we'll film
it on Friday
I'd like to do that because then I'd
have the weekend to edit it
jyggalag maybe I will maybe I will once
if I think I'm getting close to the end
maybe I'll stick a camera on myself if
you want to see my reaction to getting
to the center of the universe in for us
is Jack who are your comedian friends do
you know Paul F Tompkins he's the best I
do not know Paul F Tompkins no no very
small small small stand-up comedian
friends probably no one you would hurt
you have ever heard of except for the
one I've talked about all the time my
cousin Jake because he's great yes
please film yourself getting to the
center okay if I think I'm getting close
I will I will stick a camera on myself
you only got like one jump that would be
you know what that would actually just
be disheartening because of it was still
a lost day that was all I was doing
today rich going onto the planet get the
three wars I mean was work it was work I
got these three things I need oh do I
have to choose a specific planet no
these three things are on every planet
and they all look the same on every
planet so there's not even that like
exploration diversity okay now I get
these three things I make the change in
things I go back up to space I shoot
some asteroids okay I make the warp core
now I would jump now I jump now and now
I have to make sure I save between every
jump because the game's crashing so I
jump have to go into a space station get
out of my ship so it saves get back in
my spaceship go out and jump go back
into a space station get out of my ship
so it saves get out get out of the space
station jump again that was all fucking
day yep yep it was a goddamn grind and
I'm not there I'm gonna play this for a
little bit until I can't take it yeah
and then I'm just gonna play or exposed
I'm okay that's my playing tomorrow
where was it I has to sniper says here's
a little towards the new PC fund any
plan any plans I'm playing Civ six when
it comes out this October also what's
your favorite movie adaptation of a book
have you played any of the sieve games I
should I haven't I used to play him
every once in a while you know like
they're they're really fun to just pick
up that once in a while I'll fight
Gandhi you know Susan Sims been around
forever but I didn't discover the
turn-based strategy genre until late in
life last seven years we should do a
sieve stream yeah
well how about that we'll do a
civilization stream because uh they just
you know what they're fun anytime
Abraham Lincoln can fight Gandhi you're
having a good time
actually Ivan actually I didn't play
master of Ryan but I didn't start
playing other turn-based strategy game I
played the other reason I played classic
XCOM was because of the shitty ex-con
reboot then eventually came out as the
bureau and they turned into a very I
remember III they showed that and all of
the ExCom fans were pissed that they
turned their beloved franchise into a
shooter and I'm like I gotta see what
the hype was about in the old one I
played the old one I'm like oh my god
this is good alright civilization stream
it's happening shadow Oh favorite movie
adaptation of a book riches already
answered that question I think what am I
saying
you have said Fight Club in the past
yeah alright and I think that is a
really fine movie adaptation of a book
I'm trying to think of maybe something
that's a little bit better or or not
better than just a better adaptation
yeah yeah better the Fight Club just a
better adaptation and it's it's really
tough to think this is something that
would have to stay true to the book or
not true to the Booker and proved on the
book something that improves on them
Fight Club is one of those rare cases
where the movie improves on the book
have you read any other Chuck Palahniuk
books I should but I haven't their
answer there is one of the most
frustrating and wonderful reading
experiences of my lives he wrote a book
and you guys know me I forget names I
think it's called invisible monsters
okay can can the chant double check me
on that there's nothing wrong with a
Cold War spy it's not the one with the
Cold War spy that one sounds amusing
that's what I should that Oh first of
all you should read that one that's no
that's the Chuck that's the game show
host okay whose is that what you're
thinking the game show host who runs the
gong show and moonlights as a Cold War
spy I'm not sure I remember hearing a
description once and it sounded funny I
don't remember the details what maybe
lullaby my beats invisible monsters is
the one with the models oh that's when I
mind already oh I hate that so much
walked all the way over here for jack
shit oh okay oh thank you cinnamon yes
okay so what does that what what is um
there's a confession of a dangerous mind
oh sorry go ahead
no no do you finish your confessions of
a dangerous mind is the is the is the
slightly real slightly fictional
autobiography of what's-his-name of the
host of the gong show
oh I I'm not gonna remember the host
name right I think it's Chuck something
and in his autobiography he claims that
the only reason he was the host of the
gong show was because he was a spy I've
heard this I've heard this and so he
would take the or the winners of the
dating game or something would go to
weird locations like Russia so he could
do his spy stuff and the book is
fantastic and then they made a movie of
it with George Clooney and the guy from
moon
whatever his name is Sam Rockwell's and
I didn't like the movie very much but I
loved the book confessions of a
dangerous mind is a book that everyone
needs to read Chuck Barris Thank You Len
Fleck ocinski
I think I think I found a running
strategy that works for me oh yeah you
don't seem to lose all of your mental
momentum when you jump another rocket
back yeah so I like run till it gets not
not close to the bottom like halfway
through then I do some jump back and get
the momentum up until the run bar goes
up then I land and I started sprinting
nice and then when the jump pack goes
all the way back up I started jumping
yeah okay that's a good strategy that
seems to be working for me
so yeah confessions of a dangerous mind
is the book that everyone should read
because it is wonderful the way he
writes it you know you're you're 99%
sure that all of this spy stuff is
completely fake yeah but the way he
writes it it's like well maybe it could
be real and it's just a fun read yeah
and then you know it also talks about
him be as a television producer and and
and just like how he got his job in 70s
Hollywood so it's a really neat read
Chuck Palahniuk the writer of Fight Club
also wrote a book called invisible
monsters which is a book that I cannot
tell you anything about because it would
spoil everything but here's what I can
tell you I stopped reading that book
three times because it was such a
frustrating read what way the characters
didn't seem to make any sense the story
was jumbled like it jumped around
timewise yeah and it was so it was
complicated and it was not a very fun
read okay and then you hit this book or
you hit this point like halfway through
the book where you cannot put it down
because all of the character traits and
all of the story elements start weaving
together okay okay and is by far my
favorite
Chuck Palahniuk book because of the way
he he ties it all together invisible
monsters if you like Fight Club you know
he he wrote choke as well which I didn't
much care for
and he wrote lullaby he were he I mean
he write writes a lot of books and
invisible monsters is just the greatest
it's a great great read but just be
prepared to be frustrated that's it
here's here's my question yeah
Fight Club fight super popular right the
the movie the movie yes well they're
super popular enough at a popular cult
hint how come none of his other books
got banned movies if you read his other
books I think they're hard to make into
movies okay I think even Fight Club
spoiler alert for Fight Club by the way
I'm putting that out there
spoiler alert for Fight Club because
these two characters are actually the
same character I bet people weren't even
thinking to cast two actors you know
like into making into making it a movie
and so you just had to find that right
director who had the vision to turn it
into a movie right and I think his other
books like they made choke into a movie
and it did not do very well oh did they
yeah I don't even remember that big
movie exactly no one did it bombed oh
wow okay well I explains everything
question question withdrawn Sam Rockwell
was in choke even apparently yeah so
choke is directed by Clark Gregg aka
Agent Coulson for no good reason I have
expected you to say Clark Kent I don't
know why no idea why I thought that
but that popped right into my head Clark
Kent directed by Clark my head clerk
came why are you talking about card oh
shit Greg who is agent Cole you full of
shit jack you full of shit Clark Kent
didn't direct that he's a fictional
character so so in any case I think his
books are are complicated and they're a
little a lot of times a good book will
rely on the viewer not being able to see
anything and filling in pieces with
their mind like you know what book
should can never ever be a movie much
the giver which they made into a movie
I'm sorry the whole premise of that book
was this boy trying to figure out what
these weird visions were and as it turns
out his whole life was in black and
white and he just didn't know it that
can never be a movie um in any case
lullaby also could never be a or not
lullaby uh invisible monsters could
never be a movie for reasons first
boiler reasons unless someone can figure
out a really clever way around the
visual problem okay
we were even talking about or even
talking about shadowy five says here's
ten bucks to play this game again so far
you paying out you're out you're out
voted out bid a bit and no how about
that how about all those things we're
talking and that's really what our
streams are yes we would over podcast
we're podcast we understand that it's
not you know it's nice to get some game
talk in there sometimes but yeah we're
just here to talk about shit and tie and
play play video game whilst doing so tec
brady 133 rich when the baseball game
with the head when the baseball game
with the heckler yeah did he invite you
to his home to see his battle dolls
I mean Wendy's head no great and cure
Ronnie says bypassed the compressor oi
okay and relish the relish says hey guys
I've been a longtime fan and I wanted to
thank you for the years worth of laughs
and enjoyment and I bought a ps4 just
for doom and blood-borne glad you love
it
fine games are great games really great
game great games and and with
blood-borne a great excuse to get
yourself a ps4 make sure you know once
you get once you are into blood-borne
make sure you check out that DLC - oh
good stuff good stuff blood-borne
blood-borne seemed like such a simpler
time no way that's wrong son 16 tons and
would you get another day older and
deeper in debt
what farming gold might not be the
fanciest to work but it's honest work I
know I'm gonna pay - at the end no week
there's gold here I'm gonna
and I got me a pretty pink laser gun you
ever you don't you call me home oh my
soul dude the company's so by the way
for any for any overwatch players I I
just picked this up now rich is playing
with a gun that diva would use right if
you're an overwatch player just pretty
pink pretty pink and turquoise green gun
look at had more slots than the other
one I had Jack I think I'm saying it's a
pretty gun and if you're an overwatch
player there's a what I'm saying is it
was pink and slutty yeah pink and slotty
yeah like II kind of like I'm thinking
slotting orange stray cat says
blood-borne sucked it didn't have three
trillion planets in it anonymous says
greeting one's loved ones I am of course
loved stream today lobster it makes you
want to stab me in the belly of the game
rich tears holes in me okay
this is one give us that overwatch you
know what how about this the master
once I get the new PC which is you know
now that we have talked about it is
closer to happening then I will be able
to play overwatch with you cuz right now
I have it on the Xbox one and I can't
play with you because no one it plays on
the Xbox one once I have it on the PC
I'll be able to play overwatch with you
and we will do an overwatch stream and
there will be much rejoicing and it'll
be fun it'll be great it'll be just as
successful as our tf2 stream
super alte ultra-mega says I've tried
over and over again to get into
blood-borne got kept getting tired of
constant death what do you recommend to
make the experience better not being too
aggressive at first so you're
comfortable with the game learned dodge
frequently learn take cheap-ass shots
that's super important
get yourself a long-range axe start with
the axe it's long range instead of
running up to enemies stay away stay
back
charge up a shot and then when they're
in range with your longer reach weapon
yeah let loose the dogs of war even
those first fuckers in that hallway you
have to play the game and this is tough
for a lot of players because you know
we're used to minions if you're playing
it as a war of attrition of health
attrition you're going to lose I think
most players are used to like the
enemies that you can cut through like
butter yeah you have to treat every
single enemy in blood-borne as if they
can kill you because they can that that
like farmer looking guy with the pickaxe
he can kill you pitchfork he has a
pitchfork the farmer looking guy with a
pitchfork can and will kill you in
another game you easily take out six of
them at once right not in blood-borne
and it's then level up and then you can
come back and do that and it's very
satisfying it's very satisfying so like
you changing your mindset is the most
important part go really slow one enemy
at a time run away if you have to yes
it's okay to run away you'll get there
you'll get there once you get a feel for
it it's very rewarding with that well
then see that they're saying and that's
what makes the game great you feel
useless kind of because you feel useless
at first and you feel cheap at first but
then as you go through and as you learn
your moves and as he upgrade your weapon
you start to become a gigantic badass I
know what weapons and what attacks are
effective against this particular enemy
type yeah I know this is the one I need
to weigh you know wait wait for the big
lunge in the money's a sexist read you
know getting back into the default any
attack them mmm-hmm yeah you learn and
it's a different experience than other
games because like like we said you're
used to playing games where yeah oh yeah
I can slice through these guys like
butter so I'm just gonna run through to
the boss every enemy is a boss they'll
all kill you
learn learn that dodge learn to dodge
effectively and frequently learn that
dodge and learn your parry learn your
gun for for trolls use that gun they're
great oh I love this game JJ checkered
that's right don't always lock on
sometimes locking on will fuck you up
sometimes you just got to roll away that
dodging roll roll away roll away you can
do it it's in you blood-borne I fucking
love blood-borne hunchback jack says in
no man's sky this giant floating chunk
of gold can kill you with boredom rich
rich has a plan
we are not ending the stream until rich
gets a nice ship that's that's the goal
that was the goal for today and that's
what's gonna happen hmm
tired and sad says hey guys do you
prefer the chill Hollywood insider Kevin
Smith or the manic pothead Kevin Smith
did you hear he loved Suicide Squad he
likes all kinds of dumb things because
he's a fanboy that says DC he'll
circuits cock
yep remember that one time he's like
yeah yeah Batman versus Superman wasn't
the greatest and then a week later was
like I meant it was the greatest I meant
it was perfect in every way I don't like
either of those Kevin Smith's I've never
paid enough attention to notice the
difference you know and Kevin Smith
anything laid-back hey I would guess
what should which Kevin Smith is the
manic one I don't know if I'm familiar
with manic cuz he's the one we have now
oh I haven't paid attention him in a
while then the chill Hollywood insider
is it by the one we all kind of know and
love which is like you know he's just
this like he were he was this and I
guess now he's again this fringe
filmmaker right yeah just this indie
darling who who tripped his way into
Hollywood and so there was this brief
period of time
Tripta tripped tripped okay he clerks
was never meant to get him where he got
but he tripped into Hollywood and then
there was this time where he was still
kind of one of us just this schmuck in
Hollywood and and that's when we got
like all of the evening with Kevin Smith
stuff where he was just telling stories
about Prince and about Barbra
Streisand's hairdresser turned producer
those were hilarious times and what oh
oh you got a bomb yeah careful man yeah
run until it's halfway down yeah jump
sure what is this thing they keep saying
where you have to like melee and jump or
something and that seems too goofy for
me to want to do it okay
it's an exploit kind of thing it's like
the strafe rocket jumping and hey
everyone runs around and the high levels
of Unreal Tournament yeah it's too goofy
for me too glitchy too goofy no you know
what like okay Kevin Smith as a
filmmaker is very important to a lot of
people including myself he's the one who
showed us that we could do this and
that will never be taken away from
straight a lot of lives from people who
tried and did not know but a lot of
people did a lot of people are doing is
Kevin B Kevin Spence inadvertently
responsible for a lot of suicides I can
do it Kevin Smith can do it I can no I
can't my filmmaking degrees of shame why
Kevin Smith did you make me movie even a
bogus dream right thank you guys for
being with me and I'm calling or just
laughing with me Ojai Street CEO in any
case I guess so I guess chill Hollywood
insider Kevin Smith but I just like the
weird filmmaker Kevin Smith the the man
who introduced the world to Ben Affleck
that's true it's true the Ben Affleck
who best known at the time for playing
the snotty manager of fashionable male
in in mall right yeah and then he took a
risk on this kid to put him in his indie
drama about gay people and now he's
Batman that's great that's what a great
world we live in
indeed romantic dramedy LTG be romantic
dramedy and that's what chasing amy is
is it because you know he's a guy she's
a girl
huh is it really an LGBT drama D yeah
it's not a gay romance it's not a gay
romance it's a sham no it's dealing with
it it's dealing with it with it from a
straight perspective but it's still LTG
B and you know I mean you know how it
ends yeah so Mallrats did you know it
ends with the protagonist being a
fucking idiot
the point where it ruined the rest of
the movie that came before yeah you know
yeah still comes Jo I'm sure chasing amy
is incredibly dated chasing amy was
dated a year after it came out but gold
if Kevin Smith falls down in the woods
and no one is around to hear it doesn't
make a sound yes because he'll do a
podcast on it later
he'll dedicate an entire podcast he'll
dedicate one of his seven podcasts to
how he fell down that one time in the
woods he realized he couldn't make
movies and I I clawed that yep can't
blow those up he's still making movies
TNG after-dark says hi hey Jack based on
some of these tips I'm starting to think
that most of your audience is future
serial killers oh and hi rich hey you
made me hate no man's sky I'm sorry yep
apparently I'm playing it wrong there
you go yes leftover beefcake Fight Club
is a better movie than chasing Amy of
course it is Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin
Kevin Kevin Kevin but a lot of stuff
what do you need this no I'm very lucky
actually
Oh oh god yeah you needed that an
anonymous says speaking of Suicide Squad
you still haven't seen it no I don't
care that I'm never going I have spoil
the fuck out of it if you want oh oh no
I haven't seen it yet I will probably
see it but I'll probably wait until it's
on demand and then yeah watch it by
myself because my wife has enough
self-respect not to watch it but I'll
just watch it because I am curious
I do like clerks to Jack trigger Joyce
I do like clerks - did you see clerks -
no probably shed I like lurch there
there are some movies that are more just
kind of analogies for where Kevin Smith
is in his life and I like that I like
filmmakers who make movies about their
lives it's all I like some of the Rocky
movies better than other the Rocky
movies and clerks - was this perfect
little story about Kevin you know Kevin
Smith kind of forgetting the kind of
movies he makes and then going back to
make the kind of movies he makes and I
thought I'm not making those movies
again after that no no that's what he
did do - you know much to the Johanne
chagrin of many people that's why it
like that's why I just started making
movies he wanted to again instead of oh
I like the tusks like test right I'm
just gonna do what I want like for a
while he was on board he was going to
direct the the green that green arrow
The Green Hornet movie yeah remember
movie did you see that movie they make
it yeah Oh Green Hornet's I have not
seen that movie The Green Hornet
starring Seth Rogen directed by Michel
Gondry it's pretty bad but he was on
board to direct that and turned it down
what did I get that I get what wait Oh
various life forms it's not it's not a
crash
it's not it wasn't it was not a crash
ship
oh I'm sorry anonymous I stopped reading
after speaking of Suicide Squad I feel
like the movie is way too underrated it
wasn't as but that bad as people made it
out to be remember this is the DC
universe a universe that started out
unplanned this is the best way this I
haven't seen it I will watch it
eventually yeah I like a lot of Kevin
Smith movies I haven't seen tusk
I really should see you know what I
should see tusks and I really should see
zack and miri I haven't seen Zack and
Miri Make a Porno which I know is the
movie that kind of killed him on the
inside
yeah because it bombed so horribly and
that's the movie that like it was it was
the the poor reception to that movie
that like drove him to be a huge giant
useless pothead he tells stories about
that now where he's just like oh yeah
you know like like I made these all
these movies about pot and I was never
really a big pothead and you know like
Seth Rogen when he was on set of Zack &
Miri kept on like wanting to get high
with me I was like I actually I don't
really smoke that much and Seth Rogen
was like shocked and after the movie
failed he just locked himself in his
office and started smoking and that was
where was I I I I kind of fell out I
fell off the Kevin Smith wagon a while
ago like I remember the early days of
the SModcast his first podcast when he
only had one beacons the one I want on
transmission tower which is what I want
for the possible ship I think it is the
beacon or that one the transmission
tower right you want the tower yeah okay
because the tower is the thing that will
give you one of these things and it
might be a ship yes Kevin Smith that as
the story goes as Kevin Smith tells it
after zack and miri started flopping and
getting panned in the reviews that's
when he turned it to pot hard
that's right ultimate in Hollywood you
just kind of fail upwards classic Kevin
Smith Oh arch avail hi rich and other
guy yo there's no other guy here RTL
sorry since getting the ship is the end
goal and this is the last no man stream
please do what you can to vent all of
our frustrations by fucking up the ship
lol hand up ass well he doesn't want to
destroy the ship he's still got a fly
the ship I can't crash into anything
well not on the plane I have to get shot
at by something did you ever did you
ever crash into the space station yeah
you just boss you roll around like a
madman there's no damage I just laughed
when it happened to me I accidentally
crashed into it yeah and I rolled around
like a madman tired and sad says what do
you think of Jared Leto saying he feels
he was tricked into doing Suicide Squad
I think that is Jared Leto covering his
ass now that the movie is universally
thought of as a flop and terrible all of
the actors are in what is called damage
control
damage control I was
use a spin spin mode but damage control
is also a good work and so now all the
actors will say well you know what I I
never really liked this project to begin
with and oh you know I like I had a lot
of ideas that weren't implemented and
they're all gonna go their own way too
unstable plasma alright it's a LAN
disrupter grenade oh okay great yeah
that gives you a grenade technology not
that I've had any use for grenades
really but uh this jared leto is the
same person who was like mailing used
condoms to his co-stars because he was
getting into the character so much what
eight minutes of screen time is that
wasn't much so it's like he can say he
was tricked into it but everyone on set
called him a horrible asshole because he
was you know like too into the character
so hopefully I'm gonna find it I know
I'm gonna find the perfect ship and it's
just gonna be just out of my price range
are you that oh you think you have
enough gold you're going up you're going
up like I have enough gold to get
something decent okay alright he was
tricked into mailing those comics you're
right kind of suave
it's not at legal because it's Hollywood
sorry Jen and the nd he's an actor and
he was just getting into getting into
the role there was an interview with
Will Smith like where they were talking
about all the Jared Leto shenanigans and
Will Smith was like he was being very
diplomatic but he's like yeah yeah that
was all crazy I mean for me I just gone
setting you know I act but which I
always think is the best response to
anyone who's a method actor
yeah you know you can just go and save
the lines and you know be an actor or
male condoms to people that's fine to
Tartans head says what do you know that
was that's what was what tired and said
great I think so Cosmo I think
professional actors can get into a role
without doing stupid shit I do and it
works for you rich I believed you as
space cop you were space cop technically
I was space cop yes yes what did you
what did you have to do to get into the
role of space cop I'm talking a weird
voice yeah yeah no but I mean like
emotive mentally and emotionally that's
it like you're an actor yeah yeah weird
weird what I said Co weird
I think that's right Krieger method
acting is just bad acting I don't have
any titanium do I do you need titanium
if I get attacked by pirates I'm all you
need iron for your shields or titanium I
think works really well I don't think I
have much I are either titanium does not
recharge your shields pretty sure to us
titanium is yellow one no yes it is what
am I thinking of I don't know what
you're thinking of you know what I'm
thinking of I'm thinking of plutonium
that's the red crystal lutonium does not
charge us yeah okay you might be right
the yellow ones charge your shield what
you do what's going on nothing
okay
the customer wants to know if you can
get into a space battle on this stream
when's the last time you saved they're
curious customers yeah we'll see you
know it's a lot of it's randomly
generated well it's all randomly
generated oh but I'm Jim no I mean the
space battles are oh yes big fat liar
well I just meant like a lot of the your
encounter yeah they're they're exciting
they don't happen that much and they get
old quick yeah that's firefighters you
dog okay that's five fighters no no okay
just five fighters are okay the big
skirmishes from the trailer head that
doesn't happen no that doesn't happen
like getting caught in the middle of a
huge battle you're gonna have five
between two factions yeah that never
happens I mean not like rarely I mean
that just doesn't happen it's not at the
game yeah it's a lie what I'm saying is
it's a fraud it's a lie
what sinking soul says careful with
sticking around space mining or you'll
run into pirates
well then Casper will get his space
battle yeah yeah nope that's not
happening
aye today - or yesterday to upgrade my
my warp drive yeah
all I spent maybe an hour and a half
just looking for iridium yeah which is
in asteroids couldn't come across it to
save my life potato today I run into a
planet all the asteroids are iridium
yeah the inventory full rich anything in
your exosuit you can sell that every
damn there you go
for this
what does indeed oh you too far away now
yeah we're drifting oh well maybe maybe
someone's looking for a nickel I don't
think nickel souls decently tired and
sad says Leto definitely did definitely
has the ability for a good Joker
performance but the decision to make him
a thug who was a big mistake they needed
to make him different no cuz the heath
weather Joker was really popular right
yes they kind of gone with a comic
version of the Joker they're gonna con
with us on the traditional because they
had something weird show always you're
short but the world I don't think the
world was really traditional
by different I meant they couldn't do
ledger yeah yeah but they could have
done something more traditional was it
for Mark Mark Hamill II was anyone else
in the movie more traditional I didn't
see a movie neither did I i I'm assuming
it doesn't matter what everyone else in
the movie is this is your Joker this is
the Joker you are going to be stuck with
for a decade but you also have to go
along with the tone of the movie now the
crafting in universe Jack a universe cut
that shit you know they're not they know
they're not I I saw what he was going
for I again I haven't seen the movie so
I don't know if it'll if it works I'm
hearing a lot that it didn't there but
it's you know it's a lot more than just
how he looks I'm sure maybe this script
wasn't that great I don't know
you're keen oh that is an adorable
spaceship it's gonna have like five
slots
chateau le 5 says not DC fan suicide
squad was made to introduce random
villains Joker was not supposed to be in
there but required to be this is a
complicated movie because of DC mess
what do people expect from it they
expect movie expect me dreamer TK I'm
still getting tips did I miss you
somewhere
rich have you ever played Xena nuts I
should I haven't yet okay I have it you
have it they want to know they want to
know our DCE you fans as bad as prequel
fans Darth Shinzon says you know dart
Shinzon says yes yeah I might be willing
to agree they're the the people these
are the people who who wanted to shut
down Rotten Tomatoes for bad reviews mmm
I think they've reached a weird
irrational level and it's the prequel
fans are only like that way about Star
Wars but like now like we're not just
talking about like Zack Snyder movies or
Batman Superman movies we're talking
about all of the DC catalog is now is
now untouchable because of these people
so and they might be worse at least with
Star Wars people well now we're getting
more Star Wars movies - so they're all
just cheerful fans are delusional about
reality DC see you fans are just
delusional about taste alright so I
don't have to see it annoying my eyes
anymore I'm gonna claim the DLC ship
okay you're just gonna claim it yeah you
don't need to you don't need to take it
do you
well I wanted to stop blinking take this
ship take this ship okay no but I got a
hyper jump thing you know what I'll jump
first then I'll do this and we'll we'll
do our trading at the starship in the
next sector okay great so I don't waste
that warp
can't waste the warp oh and you know
what let me see where um you know oh
where the number is hold on here
distance to center in my ears huh
where's his head oh right under ye right
under linear distance yeah yeah oh and
you know I guess I guess I just
concentrated on linear distance and
didn't even pay attention to distance to
centre yeah okay all right now I know I
can't wait to see how close I am I
cannot wait to see how close I am I feel
like I should be a lot closer maybe
longer the wrong direction is that
possible no I'm following the you know I
I'm on the preset okay this is the path
to the center of the universe path to
Tooley own neither of us like the game
spoiler alert for our review that we're
gonna film later imagine Jack more so
than me I am very upset with the game
possibly because I was a little more
hopeful then rich was riches is the more
cynical one yeah and I think I got my
heart a little broken I'm seeing some
problems I expected yeah right and then
somebody did not and I didn't expect
there to be no space faction war stuff
mm-hmm
I didn't expect that to be completely
gutted from existing so the the game is
not very purple this universe or this
this uh galaxy where's the star base
here they have to you're right that's oh
there is where it's my left to your left
oh this is one I want it's an arrow
shaped definitely what you want I love
it
came across one that was like a look
like a giant pokéball it was gorgeous I
like it that they're shaped differently
rich does hate everything and he hates
this he just hates it less than I do I'm
upset with it rich is just riches yeah
rich knew it wasn't gonna be the
greatest I was worried I didn't know I
didn't know I was worried there would be
in a variety and the planets mm-hmm and
the stuff you do yep
and yeah this is very much a grind I
expected more space stuff yeah yeah more
shooty shooty more space different wars
and whatnot mm-hmm more space stuff
would have been fine even more stuff on
the planet like once I've been digging
around on a lot of planets once once
you're in the one house where you have
to play the math game with the robot you
go to the next world and there's that
same house with the math game and the
robot and go to the next world and
there's the it's well now the house is
purple but it's the same house with the
math game and the robot it's same same
house different paint that's the game
it's a it's a stage play marketed as a
movie what oh I thought you're gonna
turned over I thought you're no no see
what that ship is you gotta hit that
boost when you get close I could have
some storage in it what do you got what
do you got motherfucker hey show me your
slots community theater stage play yes
22 oh it's cheap too it's cheap 22
uh-huh it's like 22 I mean I didn't do
all that grinding so I can get a 22 slot
ship all right rich 22 22 22 nice slots
pretty cheap right it's you know you see
a stage play and and you know all of a
sudden they they they move it they you
know they put a different curtain behind
the same stage and go now
you're in the Sahara but you've you
fucking now it's the same stage and then
they put the blue curtain and they go
now we're underwater hmm
that's what this game is it's just a
really fancy fucking curtain in front of
the same stage I like the way it looks
though it's a very nice curtain rich
curtain curtain that's that's because
it's a stage play this is the metaphor
I'm going with okay now 22 slots I like
to look you I really like to look II it
better be a decent fucking shit's gonna
have four slots of course well that's it
I but it probably has like a hyped up
warp engine or something I can build
warp engines I need space yeah but you
need space for warp engines too you know
that's true Seraphin or Saphir and you
need that curtain if your community
theater plays involves a mermaid's
you're right you're right and you know
what there's nothing wrong with a
community theater play either but if a
community theater play starts
advertising themselves as a blockbuster
movie then your expectations are gonna
be a little jilted when your audience
comes in and sees the stage play woo a
pretty pink ship to match your pretty
pink gun this is gonna be the one to
have like 35 slots
25:23 that other one that had 22 was
under a million being so fucking picky
about this it's not funny there was
under a mil rich that one with why
couldn't you be a nicer ship jerk
ya know same one huh yeah you gotta find
that ball ship again that ball ship was
was there was that twenty eight slots
I should get more voice as a voice
worker in a galaxy far far away Darth
2303 yeah the problem is I don't
actively look for voice work I probably
could but yeah I got out of a shit I'm
doing so sit we're just gonna wait until
a decent ship lands is that what's going
on that's kind of the plan this is where
they land that one looks so cool it does
it's such a crappy ship though why is it
such a crappy ship all right we know you
don't have an alpha fuck's sake well
take a look what if it's the magic one
it's a waste of time what else are you
gonna do during this time what I'm gonna
watch these other ones come in to see
what we got Chuck's text says there are
only four available ship types per
station or something really so you might
have to jump again and go to a different
station cuz it looks like you're gonna
get the same types of shit fuck's sake
for fuck's sake this is what they're
telling me I can't I mean I cannot
confirm nor deny well I was different
oh look at that one
oh that's extra fun
no one's gonna have like 10 right 10
slots right
whoo dad Oh rich is blowing up
probably something important I need to
pick up a strainer and pot on my way
home no okay
it is Thursday for you guys consider
potential time investments in waiting it
well it's not Thursday for us it's still
it's still Wednesday its 11:14 for us
1114 it is 11:14 at the moment okay yeah
I was in some place I uh in high school
not after I did some crew I enjoyed crew
significantly more than being in the
play because I felt like I did more I
have a pot in the strainer why she asked
me to get one she might not know where
it is hold on the woman needs a pot in a
strainer whoo Thank You dreamer TK I do
need eggs just set another pot I guess
she wants to for some reason two pots
okay
two bucks she said another okay all
right great
I do need eggs I'm gonna stop and get
eggs on my way home rich is gonna get a
pot and a strainer don't forget that
strainer all right so I'll change out
the ship change out the ship go to the
next station
get some warp fuel and we'll get to the
next station okay great
uh-oh I'm in the wrong venue entirely
this one oh and you have stuff in that
other menu that you can sell upload and
get you just in case you need that extra
twenty thousand yeah credits or whatever
well I'm not gonna find it here
apparently from what I've heard so what
we're just gonna race towards you were
just comparing I just wanted to make
sure you moved anything over from your
old ship which you could do here and you
don't have anything to move over so
you're fine yeah I sold everything
great great get to new ship then which
is a cooler ship yeah yeah it is cool
ship
why couldn't you be cooler good jerk we
have not been standing up I'll stream
that's fine it's fine I've been biking a
lot lately usually I bike to work I
didn't I didn't bike here today but
usually I bike in and so I've been less
worried about standing up because I get
my exercise biking in and today I'm just
tired
you know why I'm tired cuz I've been
grinding in this fucking game all day
all fucking day going towards the center
of the universe not towards the center
I am so curious what my long day of
traveling to the center disappointment
huh disappointment well no I'm just
curious how close I am if I get home and
it says you are 100 light years in the
center of the universe I'm gonna be
pissed
oh no he did not buy the pre-order ship
the game has been yelling at rich to
claim his pre ownership since he started
the game and he has refused to do so
until just right now he did not purchase
the pre-order ship but
jack is going to be so disappointed I
I'm sure I'm going to be disappointed
which is why I will have a camera on me
when I get to the center of the universe
just in case I feel like flipping the
fuck out what have you been if you've
been going the wrong way the whole time
what does happen the going backwards
what are you following the line the
wrong way you can you can only follow
the line wondering so you say when
you're in the mass oh you say so you say
either you can either go towards a
predetermined Waypoint you can free
explore or you can follow the path to
the center of the universe and I've been
following the path and when you click on
the follow the path there is only one
direction to go there's not two
directions to go or sometimes if I've
also gotten the side mission where the
guy tells you where the black hole is
and then that's a different map option
than them thanks you did where the black
hole is yeah but as I mentioned earlier
I am over 50 warps in and four black
holes in and I have not yet reached the
center of the universe and I'm starting
to get frustrated
or center of the galaxy or wherever
wherever the fuck we're going in the
game I don't care do you have the right
recipes to make warp fuel that's coming
up huh that's coming up what's coming up
this I'm gonna I'm gonna learn that
momentarily okay great
no black holes do not set you back the
you talk to you talk to a priest robot
and it specifically says shortcut to the
center of the universe unless what you
being scammed unless I'm being scammed
in which case I will be double pissed
but no I can no it is a religious thing
and it's got to be bogus just a
light-hearted dig don't get bad a shape
chat I'm sorry they yes they should be
wormholes but they're called black holes
they should be wormholes because they
move you through space and time but
that's a Jack trigger choice I've
actually never watched The West Wing
have you seen the West Wing no I used to
watch sports night all the time and West
Wing was made by the same guy did I
totally go past the entrance right a
fuck I don't know do I get in this this
this here we go now shit they say if you
use bombs on this and goes faster yeah
by the way I don't know if that's true
or not but ya know I think I reload all
that reload time
I hate these fucking things
we can't be sure that black holes are
not wormholes in I don't know the game
calls them black holes so that's what
I'm gonna call them I know they resonate
and b-flat baby what the fuck black
holes
apparently the frequency at which black
holes resonate is is the note B flat
really yeah I've never heard that I only
know that because a Josh's band wrote a
song with that title and I made a music
video for them so that's it oh we're
tired in the sound I don't want to turn
says is Jack please watch this official
music video starring Leto's Joker I
don't want to I don't care like I just I
just don't care so no I'm sorry I'm not
gonna thank you for sending it my way oh
I need all this crap okay so first thing
you need is carbon because first you
need to make suspension fluid yeah yeah
yeah I've done this all day rich those
mushrooms great source of carbon yeah
what John we're taking I know where to
get the carbons mushrooms were great
there's also these like big flat things
that are on every planet great another
great source of carbon do a little
skinny skin yep yeah sometimes it just
doesn't because the game's kind of broke
man fuck did he catch you again you get
caught a lot you know I rarely get
caught anymore Jack it's the second time
what's happening mystery that's a lot I
can't tell you the last time I've been
caught
oh nice oh you have plenty of carbon
already yeah all right great
boom
how many make it make a couple
yeah sure yeah make a couple and you'll
have they can get up to like 40 percent
all right now you need the blue stuff
and zinc oh you know you know already
they know no time Anna I know I know
sorry I'm just you figure it out you're
right no you're right you're right job
Jimmy jib you're Ryan every you're right
and when you're right you're right right
right right where's the sink there's
never anything I just buy it fine fine
fuck I wish I could shoot you from space
why can't I assure you from I mean you
can blow up asteroids with those things
can't blow up them you know fucking
hurry diem rocks
that's fucking fat load of bullshit
isn't that bullshit bullshit there's a
lot of tiny thing like that really
doesn't matter in the long run but isn't
that just like it's there's a bunch of
tiny little things of bullshit you know
yes I saw that there's a new pokemon
that looks just like a morel mushroom
and I'm very excited and when the new
Pokemon game comes out will stream in a
little bit Oh God actually I'm gonna get
my hands on a Pokemon uranium the
fan-made pokemon game that was taken
down Oh what does this tell me about
this I don't heard about this it's
interesting oh it's apparently part of
like a 9-year fan project just to make a
Pokemon game yeah and yeah they made all
their own new pokemons some that look a
lot like older Pokemon with just new
colors and names and just a fan project
and they released it and millions of
copies were downloaded for free they
released it for free on their website
and Nintendo waggled their finger and
they took it down he's calling something
different and change the sprites fine oh
and and that's what everyone's saying
now it's just like if you change just a
couple things
you could have sold this game and
everyone would have bought it yeah but
you know it was just you know what
started starting value that shit
yep but for them it was just passion
projects for you know love and Pokemon
and making a Pokemon game make it make
it a game see how see how close to the
name you could get it's called Pokemon
uranium and you can no longer get it
from the official website but apparently
it is all over torrent sites at the
moment so it is the bee's knees
apparently and it actually they say they
changed a lot of how the early game
mechanics work so it's a lot tougher to
don't I got the gunk in my head now dun
dun dun dun pump so we should do a
Pokemon uranium stream can intend oh do
anything about that can they Zonk us no
interesting is not theirs
okay can they Tsongas I like I like Zonk
no no I like a good way to describe it
they cannot because it's not their
property but the name pokeyman is oh
sure yeah so we need some fucking
vegetation twitch does not allow what
Pokemon uranium is banned on Twitch shut
the front door is that true hold on I'm
googling this
45 seconds to the other planet which may
or may not have zinc just go fucking go
buy it go - we're doing this the proper
way Jack fucking go to the space station
and buy it cuz we need that money for a
sweet spaceship you're gonna spend 200
credits out of your 8 million on zinc
you're gonna get it immediately and then
you're in space where you're gonna get
all your Fanny 9 I'm gonna land here
this is gonna be a lush plant world and
I'm gonna get mosaic Isles box its rocks
there's no fucking zinc there get out of
times it's always rocks why is it always
rocks just go by it that's what you have
to do you got to buy your zinc and then
in space you shoot the asteroids for
your family and nine not you're right
cos we're now even Jack thinks rich is
playing wrong right right I get I'm not
even seeing any plant life in the ground
where else dunno fucking go to the Space
Station fucking time fucking waste of my
goddamn time
it's gonna be a solar system without
zinc and that ended there's barely oh my
god you hit the hit the potato you hit
the space potato rich yeah no there's
never zinc man there's never zinc you
get like 15 zinc out of those yellow
fucking flowers old asteroid that's
something that's something you don't see
every day
if I just want my gold in the solar
system
they'll be sweet um Jack have you been
upgrading your ship suit and multi-tool
i've been upgrading my suits a lot i've
been finding the suit modules that's
been very very helpful and i've been
swapping my multi-tool out here and
there i find i haven't found a big
difference in any of them like i and
i've tried upgrading to like the spread
gun or the shoot faster gun and i
haven't noticed any difference which is
again my big problem but i mean i've had
probably eight different guns with
various upgrades and of course i've
upgraded them the suit upgrades are
really easy to notice just because you
get an extra slot i also have the
stamina upgrade
do you like the slots i like all i like
I love the slots I love all the slots I
have a plus two stamina upgrade and I
don't
again notice a big difference
gobbledygook so sorry so yes I have been
upgrading I have not upgraded my ship at
all because I I don't really care well I
did upgrade my warp drive so I can now
warp further I can warp up to three
hundred light years has been my big ship
upgrade but I I haven't really felt the
need to upgrade my ship there's enough
room in my suit and my ship for all the
stuff I need to get my warp coils to
move on to my next planet - to get to
get more warp coils you'll be more
efficient and get to the center faster
don't go straight to a boss as a level 1
yeah yeah don't know what his analogy is
you don't go straight to a boss as a
level 1 usually though the game might
prepare you for that
I haven't found a real need to upgrade
my ship I've gotten into a couple space
battles fish
and I haven't been murdered yet in a
space battle and yeah
besides upgrading my warp drive which
yes that really did help and like I said
earlier I couldn't find fucking iridium
to save my life
was scraping every single Astra potato
asteroid for iridium just nothing but uh
that was very helpful so so I guess you
can i yes i have been playing you
possibly better than rich yeah possibly
but you know again i have oh look at
that one
that better hopefully there's something
real tasty and a potato they got what is
in there
copper yeah you can sell it i can warp
fifteen hundred light years and still
have a hundred thousand light years to
go says chase Balvin yeah I'm curious
I'm very very curious how much further I
have to go after an entire day of
warping and wormholes the starting ship
up you can only make it one warp I think
per per 20 percent warp coil
time is enough it is 1134 okay
I don't I don't know the exact amount
but I think you can only make it one
jump in your original with your original
ship one warp jump away what about the
one warp ship what that's what that's
how far you can go in your original ship
just one tick you need up you can
upgrade the hyperdrive I presume oh you
can and and now I can make it four or
five ticks which is very helpful in my
quest to get to the center well usually
what's you're using using the original
or did you find a new one the original
okay you can still you know like when
you when you go or when you when you
talk to the robots they give you
schematics and one of those Raskin backs
are for your ship and gun and suit and I
found a ship schematic that was a
upgrade to my warp drive and very
helpful very very helpful in my quests
to get to the center sis amina says
here's two dollars towards your new
webcam also rich and jack are any of you
familiar with noam chomsky do you have
any opinions on him I know the name I'm
trying to think what he did some
politics I'd ever got what I'm
completely drying a blank great buzz
three three three yes apparently it does
tell you the distance I never noticed it
I never noticed that it told me the
distance and so as soon as I get home
I'm actually gonna start up oh oh oh
we're gonna have a space battle maybe
hostile so say scan found valuable cargo
yep
oh here they come we're ready
space pirates in space
might be boned yeah I don't think I have
anything to charge my shields with I
don't think I can outrun them can I uh
not unless you warp go to your map in
there oh yeah you're so I do have
titanium nice all right get back in
there rich oh do have titanium get back
in there
fuck him up
Oh your guys get a health bar oh you
don't get that ps4 does not get a health
bar on there on our enemy ships by the
way huh what happens if you die is you
go back to your last save point and who
knows when that was like the last time
rich got out of a ship and so all that
mining he was he was doing would be for
naught okay I need to sell some of this
ship before I do much more space
traveling though yeah yeah
I don't know cows for high yet I haven't
seen this health bar on any of my guys
though I want more of this that space
battles yeah you did it oh don't don't
forget to take their goop no weights up
what they left their goop
well it's too late I mean it's too late
now they leave valuable shit behind and
you guys be guys i I don't want to get
scanned again and it's over yeah so
that's the space battle that's it
that happens sometimes ah where were we
macchu 9 hey guys this is my first
twitch donation ever just wanted to say
in my years of watching rlm I never knew
rich didn't drink
keep it up rich you hacks oh my god when
is the next pinky review this the same
fuck we're just buying it definitely she
got by him
I wanted to mine it did you got that was
the planet I was heading towards I don't
think ever got to the right target just
go buy it it's fine where's the space
station Oh
mm I don't know tired and sad says do
you think Kevin Smith's devotion to DC's
films is from a monetary interest ie
getting to direct DC television episodes
and DC special now he's a fanboy yeah
he's always been a fanboy the him
getting to direct is a result of him
being a fan not the other way around
so he's yeah he's always been big on it
superheroes in general DC specifically
gobbledygook s--
says watch a streamer who has max
upgrades and see how efficient leave
they are faster mining lots of storage
dozens of warps between before they ever
have to land or you can do almost
everything in stations I think the
problem with that for me gobbledygook is
the I don't find the the work that it
takes to get those upgrades you know
searching for those upgrades then
searching for the minerals then the
searching for the ships I find all of
that process in between so tedious and
boring I have found and this this you
know this even counts towards games I
like like Harvest Moon and starter
Valley yeah
games that are all about the crying you
gotta grind to get to the next widget
that'll make your grinding more
efficient and then you get the bigger
house and then you get the bigger ship
and then you get the the time you've
when it's time to finally get to the
peak it's like oh well that's it
and you feel like you wasted your time
almost but it's when all you have is the
grind yeah yeah I guess I could see that
but but so like I'm I'm not I don't see
the incentive to get the better stuff
because the cost of getting it is not
worth it for me is what is what I'm
saying here gobbledygook swear every
planet is boring you go on a planet and
it's all the same shit that's a
different just a different color and I'm
not invested in any kind of story or or
progression and it's so boring and so I
found this this kind of efficient
pattern where
where I go down I get all the stuff that
I need for my warp and then I leave
because that's efficient for me because
all I want to do is finish the game now
and I only want to do that because we're
doing this for a review if I were
playing this I would have given up days
ago if it was just like me playing this
game yeah not not even a fraction as far
as I have I still need more fucking zinc
oh yeah yeah you need a lot of things
but so they probably won't have more but
the people will be selling it so yeah
this game has mixed reviews some good
some bad
what's happening nothing oh no there's
there's pallets like we try not to talk
about politics
if moderators are trying to keep the
chat cool whoo that shit might have good
storage no we've seen dozens of these
okay you know how politics can and will
get out of hand
we might passingly bring it up we try
not to I really want to talk about it I
will absolutely and and you know what if
I don't always really want to talk about
it if rich if we really want to talk
about it we will give a heads up to the
mods and say hey yeah we're gonna talk
about politics it's okay for politics
but in general we try to keep that out
of here so
to each their own says gobbledygook so I
gotta warpin me pokemons is boring to me
and that's fine there's some people like
space but it's not just about the
setting
what other space games do you like I
don't know if I like any space games
which way is the right direction now how
does this work path toward there's only
one dry yeah that's the only direction
you can't go
is it are you sure about that huh you
sure yeah like so there's the one line
right oh god what a horrible map
yeah the maps horrible well so one stick
rotates the map and the other actually
doesn't let you go off course that's
probably well that's only because you're
on the course if you want to go to a
different map you press the right button
okay and then you're on free flow map so
well just the right direction of the
wrong I'm so turn around now with a
stupid horribly design map just press B
and get back to where you were okay so
that's where you are and that's where
you're going that's the right way
great I presume that's the right way
right I'm not confident but I'm going
that direction trying to think of a
space game I like that's not starfox
does that count that's a spaceship game
we actually flying the spaceships
I like the flying of the spaceships oh
well that was right there right there I
know rich says after a really after a
deep story part there's some really cool
space stuff in my Mass Effect 2 where
you think what the first one in Mass
Effect's war story missions but the
exploration in Mass Effect one I
actually really like you find
interesting things on the worlds and not
just randomly generated stuff right that
you do see a lot of the same dwelling is
used over again but there's some
different story element going on with it
and I I think if this game had a little
bit of that just something to to keep me
a little more engaged that would have
been that and I think that's what it
needs there's nothing holding the
momentum you know like if
gobbly goo want to take this versus
Pokemon like you you're working towards
battling the Elite Four battling the
strongest Pokemon trainers in the land
and so it's like you're working towards
a goal that every character understands
like right now I know I'm going towards
the center of the universe I don't know
why I don't understand the benefit of
that and I don't understand well that
was dumb what do you do I put fuel in it
that was dumb
so you know what it's okay it's okay
gobbledygook is saying Mass Effect mat
replay Mass Effect one it is randomly
generated shit and it's exactly like
this game Mass Effect one is not
randomly generated he's wrong
it's just wrong and and if there's story
elements then it's definitely not like
this game because this game doesn't have
any story the same and I'm pretty sure
it's the same maps in Mass Effect one
every damn time you play it I've never
played Mass Effect one I cannot comment
on this I could google it 24 should I
google it 24 24 was 24 slots well you
know what you know I ship like that will
come back so you don't have to are my
goal was 30 I want that like the ball
ship we want the ball ship we know what
we won is mass it's not it is damn I am
100% sure I've rarely say I'm 100% sure
I'm 100% sure it's not generated I'm
gonna you're both cool ships please be a
decent ship
they had random loot random loot rich
look at that big one did you see that oh
my god oh my god get out of here well
it's not here I may as well well who
knows if that one's gonna leave another
one we'll come by 21 yeah it's already
gone I wouldn't have gotten there anyway
yeah yeah well I guess it'll come back
yeah I can't find anything on whether it
was no randomly generated it wasn't okay
great
I'm frequently wrong not this time I saw
the only hit I saw on Google 25 slots
that's that's tempting but right came
all this way we came all this way jack
right names just massively wanted
massive gobbledygook says the maps are
the same in Mass Effect 1 but the items
you get a randomly generated and like
lockers and stuff yeah and all the
locations are just variations on the
same stations repeated with minor
changes yeah but there's different story
things going on yeah in those same
stations right and I'd like randomly
generated loot mining facility they've
they accidentally entered the virus that
made them all go insane right this one's
filled with the political dissidents and
dissidents and you have to do diplomatic
things of them but if you bring them the
one party member of your crew who's like
affiliated with those people he's like
one of them and then you can negotiate
oh sure all kinds of things like that
going on yeah that sounds like fun yeah
generally speaking I don't like Bioware
games but maybe I'll give this medicine
fact want to try it your charisma is
high it up you can talk them out of the
the suicide attack oh oh sure sure
I'm with you I'm with you alright
hopefully one of those big ones will
come back oh yeah that was an awesome
one
well they say that can they come back
and by they I mean people I yeah and I
like I don't think I don't think oh my
god oh that's a weird one I love it
that's a quirky ship right there Mass
Effect one's gameplay is horribly dated
yes I fully admit that I'm sure and I I
don't like Bioware's games in general so
I will probably not have a good time the
topic is exploration right right
maybe maybe rich and I will will do Mass
Effect as a as a look-back game no no
that's right and rich can camp
gobbledygook says would you accept a
donation amount to replay Mass Effect
one again Jack should see just how
grindy it can be outside of the story
elements the actual upgrade path is
exactly like this I like after here's
what I will say after not getting that
from this game I kind of do want to see
it done correctly I don't I don't know
if that's enough because I've played
some Bioware games and I hate them with
and so I don't know if it's enough for
me to want to do that what did you hate
about them I'm just curious now um oh
it's been so long I just remember the
hate more than anything I think it was
the combat like the the the Knights of
the Old Republic game is what I remember
playing and then I played that Jade
Empire I wanna say the one where you
were a ninja or Samurai or something
sure he was something yeah I just
couldn't get into him couldn't get into
him some it was the mixture of the
combat and all the story elements and I
got bored but of course that was a long
time
I'm older now I'm wiser well I'm older
so maybe maybe I'm ready for him maybe
I'm maybe I'm ready for bioware maybe
Bioware's ready for me right that's more
it that's Harry III that's what turned
me off from Bioware is playing Knights
of the Old Republic and just maybe I
didn't get it maybe I wasn't ready for
it but I played it and I thought it was
garbage I thought it was just garbage I
do I hate it I hated Knights of the Old
Republic didn't get it I know everyone
says it was the best I like that blue
nuts
talk to your doctor on whether Bioware
is right for you there may be some side
effects including XP grinding reused
story elements lip sync not functioning
properly but when you're ready for
Bioware they'll be ready for you or said
big one would come back but it's it well
just we'll give it a go home how long we
give it how long we'll give this boring
shit until you see well you want a big
ship they say the ship's psych all right
right and she was just one of those uh I
don't know give it a peek give it a peek
oh god Sarah Chen is saying and playing
necropolis while listening to the stream
and she thinks they put an update on to
put harder enemies in the first level
I'm so sorry Sarah Jen that's fucked
that game was already hard as balls
you know another sector fuck it do it
we're doing it great plus one of these
two ships is badass
and large nope yeah it's one of the
distance there if I got fuck it fuck it
I'm out of here I'm out of here leaving
right as you leave like the that's fine
that's fine but baddest asses ship it's
fine okay so now how far can you go just
one I'm nominal sure I can't revisit I
can't go backwards you can't go
backwards
well are you you can if you go to free
Explo k okay if you go to free explore
more you can go any well that makes me
happy yeah but you're right now your
Moto's not here your map was on path to
the center I'd never tried going off
path yet so right I didn't realize like
that wasn't the thing this I had another
button oh yeah there are different map
options you can go anywhere it's you do
it if you want look this planets pink
it's gonna have all the same shit in it
but these sky different here why that
doesn't make sense
there's a pink planet the pink rich they
got a pink house in it it doesn't make
any sense it'll go great I'm a
trailblazer you did it yeah blazed that
trail ma three you get three blaze the
fuck out of that trail look at that but
how many potatoes you gonna shoot one
two
nope that's the same one
y-space never blacken this well because
they want to you know create the
illusion of different they want to
create the illusion of different
thank-you for Jack what thank you that's
all thank you for putting it that way
that's the whole game rich that's the
whole game you just have a such an
accurate way to put it okay well good
I'm glad and so then when you when you
warp into a new place and it's a new
color they want it they want to trick
your brain oh oh that's just a distress
signal oh is that one of those ships
that are under attack yeah let's do that
you're gonna do that how do we find that
follow the little exclamation point to
you right there the master says Jack
would you like this game better if it
were made based on the cowboy bebop
universe where to go
it's tilt you're right right down that
says oh what the fuck I work for one
second and I'm past it it's fine those
works are powerful if if I got to be a
bounty hunter in this game then there
might be some story elements and there
might be something to do other than look
at rocks so yes I would like that
do you have titanium all right I don't
know maybe not enough but we're going to
do this this is gonna be tough rich yeah
I don't have many ship improvements yeah
do you have any ship improvements any
weapon improvements gosh I don't think
so okay so here it is this is the the
the famous giant space battle outside
the giant spaceship rich is helping out
it's the first time I've had a distress
call oh yeah
do it rich save that big ship why are
you saving that big ship who cares
called for help you're just helping
people that's what I do yeah you're just
you people want help you hate the other
they're there to help I mean you're kind
of doing a shitty job helping but hey
are you talking will you talk about
no that's fine I'm just razzing you know
what just razzing yet
rich I don't think rich has beams do you
have beams rich there you go there you
go nice that was some fast shield
recharge and rich oh good you know
you're gonna get one you're gonna get
one you got one there's seven left fun
yep yeah shoot didn't bad guys I'm
shooting at me let's get him
maybe I think you're right doom ski rich
needs to roleplay as space captain yeah
oh you only have six left now run away
yeah run away where you gonna run to
where's that Space Station they make a
buy some titanium sure Oh rates on the
other side of the show
whatever that'll still be there when I
come out the battle yeah might be I have
no idea
triangle equivalent to beam you might
have a beam weapon on there I haven't
upgraded the ship because I've been
wanting to take a upgrade the ship wait
wait you do have a beam don't you know
go go up there why do I want to use the
beam instead phase beam is a the a
button yeah why would I want to use that
instead though maybe it's more powerful
or maybe it auto aims or I mean there's
it's a set and it's it or and maybe your
photon cannon has a cool-down time which
it does so while they're cooling down
you use the beam more weapons right now
we're gonna buy some titanium see what
happens and you try you're gonna try to
buy some titanium and go back into the
battle yeah yeah I love it
I love it I was in the other room
I think beam weapons are instantaneous
oh and they're saying they're more
powerful oh okay we're powerful that's
what they're saying you know the chat
they're either right wrong or somewhere
in between all right all right
Jack trigger drives it's been a while
since I've done a Christopher Walken
impression I'm sure at one point I was
able to do a pretty good Christopher
Walken impression but I don't know if I
could I don't know if I can right now
because also right now we're like right
in the heat of battle no iron copper
get back in there rich you can do it you
can do it plus I can't unless you can't
and which case it'll save right here so
it's fine
use your save state there are no saves
in real life Jack yeah that's true
pulsing it with little taps make it last
longer time before the cooldown and then
you have you always have your it's gone
no it's still there where we see the
tiny white arrows Oh yep go get in there
rich this is some dumb get it well now
that you know you have lasers maybe
you'll fuck him up fuck him up rich I
like the bolts huh my press a bet is a
press a different button
there we go how's that work the same as
swishing the things okay whoa I mean
that looks pretty cool
everyone everyone saying the laser is
the way to do it get in there rich five
left oh that's oh god yeah that's doing
great and you're hitting him from a
distance
- I get I get a I get a half second
before it overheats yeah but you can you
were hitting him from way farther away
nice
Sentinel starships what why are they
attacking me I have no idea I probably
hit an ally Oh God
run away yeah just go to your map and
and and and warp out just go to your map
screen I can't you can't nope oh Jesus
then run away rich fucked up how did he
fuck up you hit a civilian but alright
stream is over Oh No well it saved you
right before I'm done you don't want the
ship for each other
no I do new shit fine we said we were
gonna get you a ship we could be here
all fucking night
that's truing to give me a goddamn ship
I am so sick of this game gave me no
indication that that was a civilian
fucking ship it did not I did not give
you it oh it did not give you any
indication fear floral slug voice has
just logged into overwatch and my 120
competitive point reward for the season
has gotten me to the 300 needed to buy a
golden weapon but I can't choose choose
for me mercy tracer or McCree and the
cream whatever macri's a cowboy so you'd
get a golden gun watching over watching
us because well you know you can you can
help me wait for me it's mercy i I love
mercy i play as mercy the most because I
like healing classes so for me I would
tell you mercy rich McCrea is a cowboy
okay so you get a cool-ass gun like a
six-shooter ya tracer has to tiny as she
dual wields pistols and and mercy has a
big staff that she heals people with
dual wield pistol sound cool okay so if
you want it to take Rich's advice go a
tracer if you would like to take my
advice go with mercy the ria the real
answer is whoever you use the most you
want them to have the golden weapons so
cinnamon journey milestone no man's sky
will never be streamed again here it's
so disgustingly true actually really
true that's great captain Jamie man I
love playing support characters - it's
more fun then you help your team we
caught up on tips one just right now one
more anonymous says hey guys hopefully
not an annoying question but how much
input do guys get have gotten in Mike's
blink it reviewed what I think they're
asking how much input do we have in the
flinky reviews I had some unlike the
earlier ones I had no input at all on
generations even though he was making it
mm-hmm he just sent me a link one day
and it was weird thing when you take a
look at this i nagged him because i was
the only one here who recognized the
potential of lincoln
- Mike it was just some goofy thingy bad
yeah and just because I had nothing to
do with him making it I just got to
watch it with completely fresh eyes and
I'm like this is legit good yeah so I
pressured him to make the first contact
review nice and I hate first contacts I
actually had a lot of input for the
early flake of reviews I would watch the
movies with Mike and I would like I
would take notes he would point
something on I would write it down if
I'd noted something and mention it yeah
and then I helped out with the rest of
the next gen films except for
generations I took notes on the Star
Wars ones and that was it okay otherwise
it's been all mine all the jokes have
been all Mike actually my joke was the
Kodak printer one and it was terrible
yeah I know and my I had absolutely no
one put except for the things I said on
camera he didn't do it I wanted a fake
banner ad like at the bottom of the
screen that couldn't be clicked off
because it was part of the video right
yeah I loved it
which one makes people the most angry
twitchplayspokemon of course it's the
episode 1 in review people so many so
much hate prequel for the prequel that
was so good
can I tell you how horrible it was
watch it rewatching the attack of the
clones and the Phantom Menace
you can't cuz cuz it wasn't just the
runtime of the movie because we were
constantly stopping and mer and going
back to try and figure out what the fuck
was going on like trying to figure out
if Palpatine was actually doing
something that made sense or things were
just happening in the script was
excruciating right it was just
excruciating yeah yeah let's see also to
finish up Anonymous's is there any plans
to do more commentary tracks in the
future yeah I'm sure we will mm-hmm oh
yeah normally it's worked out where
every time we get that question we've
recently done one not this time not this
time but this thing will still do oh
yeah here and there
oh y'all so yes and you know we just
shot we've been talking around we just
shot the best of the worst yeah there's
another one being and apparently there's
another one being edited that I didn't
even know about so there's stuff and
this is the point of the mic is also
working on something else we all know
that he said that anything I know okay
this is the part of the stream in which
we thank all of our subscribers everyone
who recibir names and sometimes saying
how long they've been since
driving and sometimes read a little
thing that they wrote are you ready rich
yes go to the top of the thing mmm
hometown markup 24 fucking months in a
row jyggalag 35 says whoa we're halfway
there
more than half if you want a fucking
master if you really want a good fucking
you gotta put in a lot more work that's
all I'm saying it's all I'm saying
first it buy dope smoked 20 fucking
months in a row obviously it just paid
off you were tied up smoked you earned
it Chernobyl kinsmen 16 months in a row
father mucker mm thanks for countless
hours of entertainment you fucks specs
for 19 months in a row spec forces keep
up the good stuff was with you guys from
day one really appreciate what you do
well thank you specs bore you make it
possible to do what we do
his dude-ness 14 urban vermin and urban
vermin says cool beans with a Z cool
beans
z-bo beans Kobe's toasted bullets you
guys Rock oh sorry uh toed decimals
dirty AK twelve months in a row rich
Evans more like poor Evans that's all I
got
eivin's iced ibis I says three months of
bitching about Ghostbusters and lots of
gaming fun not tonight
but speaking of Ghostbuster
oh oh I get it not tonight no gaming fun
tonight also no bitching about
Ghostbusters tonight well we just did
pretty actually bitch we just mentioned
Ghostbusters so Jack notices
dudes 15 mother Oh mr. look like a
tinkle creepy that's fine that's fine
that's legit creepy shrine legit right
hands frosh and they say I want a pony
can I have a pony no you may not
you can never I do not I do not sure yet
why should a 1% then you can't have a
pony right question is how many do you
do you have do you have the ability to
house and care for a pony and if the
answer is yes then you probably already
have them do you basically own people
who can house and care for the pony for
you so then when you visit them in the
summers you can ride the pony because
because you would be the type of person
who I just go in the summer I have a
winter pony in Australia like oh face
like your face is looking good so far
sorry Jen and sorry Jen says oh ho Oh
more like George oh I love Oh yonder
yonder butts
Saphir an 19 months in a row Wow I said
that I said the row and I cracked my jaw
really I don't know that picked up in
the mic yeah I cracked my jaw and that
was freaky really freaky Saphir Ann says
I spent almost eight freaking months
unable to watch the Wednesday streams
but finally got these goddamn nights
back congratulations welcome back Saphir
an hour W Richards
son thank you very happy
relish the relish I really like that Bay
but you know like cuz I get it there's
probably like you're supposed to like
slowly enjoy the relish yeah
but I really like that it's just like I
like thinking about it as relish made
out of other relish okay that's in my in
my head is just someone named relish was
made out of relish maybe maybe something
bad
this is relish the relish but like Bozo
the Clown those are the yeah he's not a
clown she's a named relish don't know if
that's what I was thinking but I just
like it but lady Denning Krieger 783 23
fuckin months in a row fleshy patch 23
fucking months in a row fleshy patch
this how long after were declared
overdue can we expect a rescue how to
what is that from what's that fuckin
from how long after were declared
overdue can we expect to rescue anything
you can't was the lines from a movie and
I can't remember which fucking movie
what is it from aliens helium Thank You
Jackie low that's totally fuckin aliens
I've got that much earlier because I've
seen aliens a bunch of times it's one of
my favorites and I've ashamed of myself
you should be I am a horrible I don't
know things there stuff not rude touchy
things
what oh uh the Rising Sun sorry you know
what the Rising Sun twenty fucking
months in a row the Rising Sun says
gotta say something
magical flying tiger magical flying
tiger says you got a problem your oh you
got a problem you're gonna die you've
got the problem you're gonna die
best catchphrase ever you've got the
problem you're gonna die okay yeah let's
not come up again we had a like like
three episodes in rows somebody said
like a variation of that yeah well
hopefully it's some new catchphrases
will come out soon kind of surprised to
see that's like it's like one of the
Forgotten jokes of the best of the worst
forgotten running joke well do you get
some
