Dec 11, 2016
UFO: Enemy Unknown, XCOM: Enemy Within
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/112357634
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/112541068
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF5LPF2mW_w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBoeqJ-71pc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/808038301080887296

[Part I]
my rock and roll rock and roller remote
controller that's a series uh there's a
there's a video series here in Milwaukee
and then they like make music videos
it's called rock and roll or remote
controller is that is that I rip off
kind of Ayatollah of rock and roll oh I
don't know what I saw with rock and roll
is you know what Ayatollah of rock n
roll is I don't
it's from the road warrior that's Lord
humungus the Ayatollah of rock and roll
ah oh man that's great how's everyone
doing mother fuckers fuckers if we are
streaming we're down at monitor yeah I
don't know if we talked about this
because we had we had Edmund on last
time and I'm not ready to talk about it
and so we're down to monitor yeah and so
we're trying to stream a game oh yeah we
might want to close chatty on this
actually oh yeah you're seeing them pop
up this is just don't monitor caption
you're right you're right we don't
okay great
now I'll get back to em so uh hey
welcome everybody to the stream if we
are streaming it's possible that we are
we got a web tab let's turn the laptop
on I tried to turn it on and then I was
gonna check if we were streaming off my
phone but hey the laptops on good and
I'm gonna check oh here yeah we're live
let's see what we're looking at here I'm
going to tap into us right now and it
looks do they see X down no they they
don't this is what they see oh for
fuck's sake good look at that tiny tiny
game why why why your question rich you
guys you guys see that tiny tiny game
there but this isn't tiny but the game
is tiny right
rich had this great ideas like hey I
want to play classic XCOM and I said man
I think they would love that I think you
need to up the resolution
oh wait what's resizable Oh
holding up hold up hold up where's your
cyborg uh under display mode where it
says borderless now it says resizable
whoa how can you like drag it Hey all
right hold on keep it right there I'm
gonna watch and tell you if it's good
chess power can I hide the taskbar oh
you should probably hide the taskbar I
mean you know doesn't really matter can
you hide the taskbar it's still shitty
right let's see test my location no no
hide
there's no hide well if I could see yet
in tablet mode automatically hide at
Ted's phone desktop mode there you go
boom okay all right there we go hey now
you know what that doesn't look half bad
well we got the top to worry about no
that's just what's gonna happen you know
I think I suppose we're just gonna have
to deal with them what is this this is
open X count doesn't open X come this is
somebody has rebuilt X come from the
ground up to think your tweak it to run
a little bit better run on modern
systems I've never touched this before
in my life okay great this was a
complete last-minute fucking decision
but you have played the original
exercise it's been a while okay I'm
gonna say like a decade okay so so what
we got is what we gots what we got I
know what they can see the game and they
can see us and they can hear us
veteran we've tried clicking on the full
screen button I'm just going with
experience specifically we don't need to
hurry ourselves we tried clicking on the
full screen button and then what
happened is then you guys saw it in that
tiny little window for some reason even
though it looked fullscreen to us and so
where do we put our first base believe
you get more funding in the USA but like
you see the radar coverage there's a lot
of a lot of ocean there yeah a lot of
dead space a lot of dead space hey
welcome everybody
sorry stream is a little later than I
thought we we were filming an episode of
prereq episode and unfortunately had a
little later start than I thought and
then so you never think it's playback
but we're here now we're here now I am
here now
yeah what's right Russia what's the base
name how we do this shit
Vladimir Putin somebody mmm we do a chat
thing what do we do what we do
oh shit man nice name oh shit man oh
shit man that's really dumb Jack move
your mic close fuck you guys are always
with the with the with the I just move
mine further right here Hey okay I'll
just put it in yeah Vladimir Putin in
put it in put it in put it in
Nega bomb boom all right all right go
you watched pastor Ono chat and why
would you do such a thing
why would you watch faster I'm gonna say
it's been so long since I've played this
I no longer have any idea what the fuck
I'm doing
oh no yeah yeah well great when we got
for funding I got a lot of money from
people shit yeah
shit yeah dog shit things yeah dog shit
yeah chicken
dog chicken goes speaking of chicken
cats oh look at this you can't die
that's what we did the episode on and
people know that already I think we did
an episode on the The Last Guardian
Rich and I played it just barely in
Russia just barely who the base put it
in food again yeah it's on the board
it's on the border I don't know if you
can to hunker just so the the Guardian
in the Last Guardian kind of looks like
a chicken cat dog yeah so we've been
talking a lot about chicken cat dogs for
the past hour or so and hey whatever
what trailers hey oh you know what
trailer we saw recently we just watched
the spider-man homecoming trailer looks
good looks fun
very good I'm a little hype a little
excited about spider-man homecoming it's
it's interesting that Tony Stark is such
a big part of the they're smart to do
that thing up tie-ins he's an
interesting character he might not be in
the movie that much but he might have
been in the trailer more sure you know
the whole vulture looks fucking awesome
vulture ones they made the vulture look
badass it's play a different type of
bird man hey oh I did love that part of
the trailer was like I will fucking kill
you hey kill everyone you know what's it
tell you because I I won't let you know
I will literally kill you and everyone
you know what's his name top Tom Howland
yeah great great choice great spot great
fucking choice mm-hmm no that little
even like the tiny little quips we get
when he's stopping the people robbing
the ATMs yeah that's great yeah yeah the
quips he's goofing around he's having
some fun with it
oh that's gonna spite its spider-man
that spider-man is so great I felt
Birdman you saw Birdman - yeah did you
see actually if not you have not seen
but have not seen a lot of things I said
Burma it's all right
Birdman is straight up all right it's
you know it might be a tiny bit full of
itself and the the whole bit of it all
being one camera shot gets old a little
fast but I think I think it's just all
right I love the drum I love the
soundtrack the drum the drum track
of Birdman oh wow it's been so long
since I've played this game jacket I'm
so used to the new one I'm fucking blind
it's great it's literally the definition
of art it's alright it's a good movie I
didn't see the revenant it's Birdman is
a good movie it's it's not necessarily
my thing that Birdman but it's all right
right I did love that however like the
the drummer just kept on popping up in
the movie like the soundtrack is this
constant like jazz experimental drumbeat
and every once in a while the characters
would walk past the drummer in the movie
yes just the drummers just in the world
there's a lot of fun stuff inside
alright movie I'll tell you what you saw
the Guardians 2 trailer yeah
I'll fucking they're asking me man it's
fun time Guardians it's fun
everything's if they can if they can
pull it off and have the ending not suck
it'll be great Birdman is an amazing
movie now just good news all right I'm
agreeing with it I said I'm moving whoa
shit what's happening I'm fighting a UFO
oh really that's really exciting
I forgot what all of these buttons do
great where am I I think you won tonight
did you win
they go
dissing elves nope disengaged um
disengage Oh
I'm relearning all of this shit go get
the UFO man I'm trying to do I fucked up
I fucked up a freelance yes I have
finished the first season of Westworld
I've watched all the episodes of
Westworld and I think it's a really good
show I was just I think just getting
away now I use a little faster than you
is your phone yeah the galaxy yeah like
we're still working on just like going
faster than sound we're still working on
like sound and shit I'm actually
surprised he's that slow but yeah West
world's really really good down really
fun I like the ending how did it land oh
wait wait wait wait
I'm sending my skyranger there oh great
interceptor one uh you patrol here for a
bit and you hurry a fuckup
but all that is also good spider-man's
good it's all true looks great looks fun
vulture looks great
spider-man's costume looks great yep
first time I've liked the spider-man
costume in a movie like it's technically
this end Civil War yep
West world's great guardians - looks
great
everything's everything's fine right now
everything's wonderful right now I know
I know I ended the last stream earlier
there any tips we actually can address
from the West stream somebody asked us
about the afterlife and because not
because I'm gonna ask soul as much as
just because it was too good an analogy
someone I said this is what the
afterlife is like and I just ended the
stream yes is there anything or any of
actually discussing about the afterlife
because then we have similar views on
this oh I mean besides that I don't
think there is any yeah no I mean that's
about it I don't think there is any I
think when you die you dead and you know
that's it
I remember talking with some other
people who who don't believe in like an
afterlife but they were like but man
don't you think like they say that like
our brain gives off electrical signals
and that like your radio waves will like
pass through the universe and I was like
no you're fucking dead man you give off
electrical impulses your entire life
right what's not you yeah impulse is
that really anything without the neurons
to have them do think something useful
right there there is there is one
oddball shot in the dark chance at an
afterlife of a plausible afterlife okay
go for it go for it what is your the
theory that everything that it's
actually somewhat plausible that
everything is a computer simulation that
our entire universe is a computer
simulation
oh no I've not heard this there's
there's three they go so there's only
one universe yeah one actual universe
and lots of different civilizations in
that universe yeah they will all have
computer technology and if you can build
like a simulated universe
there's gonna be much more simulated
universes than there are you know the
one real universe it's all a bunch of
civilizations down on the galaxy all
creating computer simulations of the
universe every one so there's a there's
a real possibility that what we think is
real is a computer simulation running in
the one real universe if that's the case
it's possible the people that built
these simulations believes in an
afterlife and could have programmed in
an afterlife into their computer
simulation of a universe but there's no
there's no like there's no like evidence
that we're living no there is nothing
this is pure conjecture right so there's
like there's pure thought experiment
right right but yes we're living in a a
computer simulated universe and give the
people who made that computer simulation
believe that an afterlife programmed in
an afterlife then we will have what we
think is an afterlife but it's really
just a computer simulation of one to
continue that our computer simulated
selves go to or our computer simulated
selves die like you know what I I guess
my only question is how is that even
plausible like that's where you start I
was like no this there is there's
plausibility here but it's not that's
that's making shit up I'm saying I'm
saying that's your one shot in the dark
jack that's what you've got I don't like
a man I don't like I don't like any bit
of it oh I don't have any fuckin
supplies to give people this is this is
sad this is Santa I've got some very
poorly equipped troops oh shit oh look
you got a guy look at ya guile you gotta
teach him sonic boom motherfucker I know
uh speaking of the afterlife I know
there's like i-i've children as most
people know
and the death comes up often without
children you know my god we go to a
funeral or yeah someone had someone who
dies or whatnot or shit like that
and so death comes up often and a lot of
people like you know my parents will
just be like how how do you deal with
this and I say I say I try to answer
every every any question that my kids
ask me I try to answer it as honestly as
possible
yeah and so you know when when they ask
me like yeah what happens when you die
I say you dead nothing happens right you
don't you no longer think you are no
longer alive you just dead it's nothing
it's darkness and they're like oh okay
you know like I think I think so many
people are worried about like how to
explain death to children and so they
make up all this bullshit uh-huh and
it's just the kids kids are okay with
the world around them if you just tell
them how about how it is what happens
when you die you die and then you're
dead it bugs me just there's nothing you
can do about it it is what it is but Bob
thought affirmative death yeah I don't
like it I don't like a jack I'm not
gonna lie you don't have to like it it's
just it yes yeah it is man it's not
darkness it's nothing yeah right right
but it's like there's nothing you can do
about it no and so it's like you just
gotta yep
cuz you're walking on the metal plane
that's hilarious
dark yes no parents that's right now
Chad remind me over watching classic
XCOM if you know that's just a function
of how much time units you have left
it's not something actually have to set
save time units personnel I guess I'm
not I don't remember how many it takes
I am so rusty at this oh is it a thing
you can just do oh that's a nice feature
all right I think I'm done the master I
would love to do a Fifth Element review
I've already given oh shit I've already
given Jay a few ideas for reviews that I
would like to do and you know now that
it's coming up to the end of the year
like you know we're getting into wow we
got a film Christmas shit and
end-of-the-year shit and so it's like
it's probably not gonna happen this year
but I will definitely add fifth element
to the list of stuff that I would love
to talk about because I love the fifth
element I think it's a genuinely good
movie
I like that luke vessel that crazy
Frenchman Luc Besson all right let's see
here we go going on oh shit um Everage
have you heard of babymetal babymetal
you heard of babymetal it sounds
familiar it's a it's a heavy-metal
singer paired up with Japanese singers
and they sing Japanese songs and they're
all cutesy like pop singers and he's a
heavy-metal singer have you heard of
this oh there he is yeah right freakin
their psyches yeah whoever said he's
heard of it there it is I think it's
it's gimmicky and you know it's funny
like if you watch the one song it's
funny
and then the gimmick gets old how do I
shoot I did so don't remember jack this
is insane what worst shoot button how do
I shoot how I shoot you click your gun
during Neal mini-map Oh reserved but
that's not shooting how do I do this how
do I do it as a weapon to shoot I that's
what I said is it just clicked the
weapon oh my god it's been a long time
who's on top of that shit right here
shot enough time shit
that's how memorable baby men are right
uh hey little muffins I've spent $2 on
Dumber shit than this it's so weird
watching your shit for years and now
paying $2 for you to read this ass ass
Paul McCartney the lawyers couldn't stop
me well thank you Buster loads thanks
for watching we really appreciate it
hey guys it's time for the classic game
of who said that famous quote get so
here's the quote get those soul backs
get those souls back
robot hunchback Nickelback quarterback
money-back guarantee they pays the money
this says what's they wants well they
would can you think of who said this
famous quote get those souls back robot
hunchback Nickelback quarterback
money-back guarantee no get those souls
Bank what it's probably one of us and we
were said it during a solo game I'm
gonna say rich I'm gonna say which said
that anonymous pika rich hey hope you're
having a fantastic Sunday my question if
Donna Wilson and riches version of
spring kit were running for president
who would belong to which party and who
would you vote for what what who would
send when Plunkett
and and Don Dan Wilson down the Dan
Wilson are coming for president what
what's their political party down
Wilson's libertarian
yes you're absolutely right Don Wilson
is a libertarian like it he might play
get her Mike's plinking I guess my
thinkin yeah your blanket he's so crazy
he doesn't know I'm trying to think of
it like he's part of the bull moose
party like he wants to dig up Theodore
Roosevelt's bones and use them as sacred
ornaments fuckin die digging the John
Carpenter score of this game by the way
yeah I kind of like this minimal yeah
all right this is ex-con because nobody
can hit jack shit great the blue blaze
as I missed the one my good
the sub notice doesn't line up in the
overlay anymore f-fuck will fix it later
things are little fucked right now
because we're playing in this weird ass
oh that animation rate sweet ass that
was great oh it is great that's great
okay blue blazes I missed the last few
streams can you give me the cliff notes
of what you said about the Game Awards
did you mention Firewatch getting
snubbed including neither voice acting
winners for best people what do you did
you watch any of the game oh no why
would I give a shit why would anybody
give a shit I also did not watch any of
the game wars I know overwatch won and I
was really excited about that because
it's a game that I love the fact that
fire Watts did not win for voice acting
is very surprising because I thought
that was really did you like fire watch
is voice acting then it was still good
and who gets shit the arbitrary
meaningless a word because it's not
given by guy hey while I agree with the
sentiment it's also nice when a thing
you like wins a thing tonight that feels
good way as a as a fan of sports
you should be down with this as a fan of
sports ball and you understand when
you're when you're Sox win a game I
think you're probably excited about that
but this isn't a game it's a the game is
the game but you want your get you want
your thing to win an award
the doom soundtrack segment is the only
thing worth watching what I don't get
anything
no one north won best voice acting for
uncharted for one that sucks
but hey that's fine you know what not on
the time unit search it's fine
great reg renegade akira says hey rich
and Jack I guess I'm pretty sure I saw
the Shocker in the spider-man trailer
what other d-list villains do you want
to see in the future Morbius Craven
hydro man the spot scorpion scorpion out
of all the ones you listed - scorpion
yeah I'd like to see a scorpion baby fun
the spot had some fun guys like a throw
away one quick action scene at the
beginning like not like a major player
sure look like you know you can have a
portal gun and you can have the cool
portal gun action sequence right instead
of instead of like having magic spots
sure you can have like a portal gun and
then you can get a really cool sequence
with this spot that would be meat I
think that would be meats but you know
anything as long as the story's good as
long as a fun little story got to bring
in Morbius because then you can bring
blade into it and then Wesley Snipes can
team up with spider-man as we all know
how about you select the next immunity
go Jesus paul giamatti as the Rhino
again the Rhino
I always thought look like the Rhino air
D list what does the Rhino he's probably
a or B list you know he's probably
higher up there just because people know
him would you would you mix story about
the Rhino and make that a movie would
you do that no okay no I would
definitely I would not give him a whole
movie I'd make him a henchman though I
always thought they they did you know
some clever stuff with the Rhino early
on where is like they covered up his
sweat glands with the Rhino suit yeah so
you know I'll I'll spy it then
spider-man just figured out that all I
needed to do was tell you yeah it's fun
yeah so you know what make him be a
henchman they cover his body with goo
and he's really strong and spider-man
can't figure out how to beat him until
he fit until he uses his smarts did you
you never watched them the spectacular
spider-man cartoon I don't know why cuz
it was great good they defeated the
Rhino by like trapping him in like uh
like a sewer tunnel and he broke all my
like the hot steam pipes oh yes yeah
yeah clever yep that's you know I think
that's what the thing with spider-man is
he does need those kind of one-off fun
villains so we'll see
we'll see a lot about this movie we'll
see a lot we'll see how much Robert
Downey jr. is gonna be in the spider-man
movie
it's the the the pluses is that it's
already setting spider-man up as the
weak underdog you know yeah
and that's where that's what he needs to
be that's what Spiderman needs to be not
enough time units I'm chasing this alien
he's running from me can you not take
cover in this game nope no that's before
that was the thing they thought to do
nice
Spidey vs Doctor Doom damn you
I'm surprised I haven't tried to
shoehorn the black cat into any of the
spider-man movies that's a whole
different thing man
look how look how good Catwoman has
turned out in all the Batman movies like
that's adding a whole new layer
everything in here would be a comparison
to Catwoman but if they did a Catwoman
at blackhat and a movie yeah yep that's
a whole nother level man that we're not
we're not quite ready for everything
we're still working on just like a good
spider-man movie you know let's get the
basics down then we can start bringing
black cat into it
listen I agree my my someone's always
saying like the really great thing would
be to pin spider-man against Vincent
d'Onofrio's kingpin and that was the
ultimate spider-man spider-man vs
kingpin stuff was my absolute favorite
that was great that was a perfect fit
like just the visual of the giant
kingpin and the little skinny spider-man
was gorgeous
I loved the fact that he was just up
against regular criminals which is kind
of what looks like the what the
beginning of this movie is gonna be
actually nice I just go up against some
dudes some dudes man we need more boobs
more boobs and our speedermen then
they're high school kids we don't need
booze I don't need more boobs cuz I'm
not from high school kids you know see
this is this is so micro mataji compared
to the new one
in what way what do you micromanaging
just shooting at something yeah and the
other one moving and shooting was two
clicks click to move right cool do you
see an alien
you can choose to shoot an odd or move
again okay this shot one shot two and
then i got i got like 14 guys yeah it
moves a heck of a lot slower Spidey and
Batman just needs to fight gangsters no
supervillains well you know like you
need you tears we need more regular
dudes then you get the one guy with the
weird gun that does the cool powers and
then you get the mega dude so it let's
what it looks like they're doing right
he's fighting normal dudes at the ATM
then those dudes are probably gonna get
better guns and then he's gonna fight
the vulture and it's gonna be great it's
gonna be pretty good we'll see I'm
shakin it's looking like it's pretty
good
I'm getting a little hype super-hype
what just happened oh I got shot it oh
shit I'm sorry
yeah the mega dude you know what I'm
talking about
thugs shocker vultures yeah that would
be that would be a nice escalation we
got a little bit of donald glover in the
in the preview and they're thinking he
might be the Prowler mmm which would be
very funny because the Prowler is Miles
Morales is uncle and originally you know
like they wanted Donald Glover to play
Miles Morales and now he's right he's a
little older right he might be playing
the uncle which could be fun
that could be a nice nod if he is
playing the problem spot you know what
you're right spider-man does need a
giant blue laser in the sky that's the
one thing I thought the trailer is
missing is there is no big beam going up
into this guy cuz that's how you know
there's danger you know you know I'm
talking about Jack we need our alum to
start selling prints of the rich Evans
baby portrait ASAP mystery deepens
mellow and here's the thing that poster
yeah that poster here's the thing that
painting yeah nobody knows where it came
from
you've talked to your family about this
recently my father was up here okay and
I fear well he would have to know yeah I
never you know it's been around my whole
life I never asked about it really
before it's been there right and it was
it was commissioned by your grandmother
you see I don't know nobody knows nobody
knows I brought my dad came over he's
visiting from you know how it is when
Tom my sister sister was in town from
Scotland visiting and I have all come up
here there at the studio paintings
they're like dad I got it you know I'm
thinking about it you're here we're
looking at the pass where the hell did
that painting come from sure the
backstory any has said well I think I'm
not a pain of that I'm like no it says
you lamp it's like my father said I have
no idea what that is
nobody knows where this painting became
from it's clearly me it's clearly you
and he thought he thought his mother had
painted it cuz she was an artist she you
know she did art oh okay I don't know
that but it's clearly signed by E lamp
yes it's always existed it's just a
simulation of a painting it's a glitch
it's a glitch is a glitch in the
simulation you get you got a wonder you
got a wonder would any of your uncle's
know I think I've asked before I never
got a clear answer right from anybody
and back in the day you know you didn't
think to ask your grandmother who
unfortunately has passed she might not
even know yeah she remembered you'd make
up some bullshit I painted it yeah yeah
it could be anything going out of her
mouth so I don't know I don't know
nobody knows where it came from
it's the weirdest fucking thing that
that does make it extra creepy I don't I
mean listen not while I think it would
be amazing to have prints available of
that for people to purchase I don't
think those can be released into the
wild like just having the one and
obviously you have the original but just
having the one is what makes it
special I don't know if I would advise
releasing the baby picture print hey
Kennedy you pick a jack shit to be fair
like look he's on the other side of a
building you know they gotta get some
like I'm missing 62% shots left and
right they gotta like curve their
bullets and shit so it's like give him a
break
rich is merely a time traveler he got
drunk one time in the Middle Ages
painted a portrait of his baby self and
released it somewhere for another time
for himself to find perhaps perhaps rich
Evans is a time traveler fucking
gardener it says here's a tip just the
tip
anonymous says hey guys I saw the
lobster in a small theater and a very
drunk and/or high man started yelling
you can't mess with me in my direction I
was wondering if you've had any unique
theater-going stories and no nobody mean
like unique theater-going stories
nothing I can think of that's super
amazing yeah nothing nothing like that
were another patron that's for something
not enough I can tell you on my very
first date on my very first date with a
lady we went to the movies we went to go
see the client you know I would like a
big important movie Susan you see the
client No okay that's great Susan
Sarandon and she gets a client she's
like a lawyer
yes I'll murder we went to see the
client and it was my very first date you
know pretty pretty young yeah and and I
had gotten some snacks and a beverage
and I'm sitting with this lady and and
she holds out her hand like this she
wanted to hold my hand which evidence
why that's creepy because that's what
you do when you're on a date you hold
people we were on a date I was thinking
there's some stranger you met there no
I'm telling surprise I'm his lady I'm on
a date with so she holds out her hand
and I and I turned to her and me not
understanding like what happens every
day cuz you know it's like my first date
I go oh do you want some soda and she's
so pissed at me I was made fun of after
that by many people cuz I didn't know
that she wanted to hold my hand
and everyone sent that to me the next
few weeks is suppose I say hey you want
some soda I'm sorry that's that's it's a
scarring story scarred in my life the
client that's it that's all I got you
know what that's all I that's the only
fun theater-going experience I have so
watch this no she hit it but I don't
have to kill him
fuck this game all fuck escape so hard
oh my god
there's a reason I play the new XCOM
there's a reason no line of fire my ass
just just move over here you're useless
you're fucking useless
I can tell you one time I went to the
movie theaters because I went to the
movies a lot as a teenager I drove to
the movies to meet some friends and I
was wearing like flip-flops to his
summertime and my flip-flops broke as I
was like walking into the movie theater
and you know so I'm like I'm trying to
hobble and it's like a Vinci I just say
fuck it and I walk in barefoot my
flip-flops are broken and I'm barefoot
in the movie theater and the movie
people the the usher see me yeah you
know the ticket saying is that you can't
come in here barefoot what I won't sue
you I promise
okay so we can't let you in if you don't
have shoes which is by the way a
perfectly reasonable stance as an adult
as a teenager yeah I thought they're big
jerks and I said I don't know if I
haven't been you know like I drove there
so I was like I'll check my car maybe
have something to wrap my feet in like
I'll get on t-shirt or something to wrap
my feeding because my friends were
inside ready to watch the movie and I go
back out to my car and you know what was
in my trunk
whoo I kid you not my clown shoes my big
red floppy clown shoes so I put on my
clown shoes
come back into the movie theater you're
a crazy man I'm a crumb a madman I'm an
I'm did they let you huh did they let
you they let me right in right in with
my big floppy clown shoes I mean they're
real shoes yes this is this and I know
these stories are riveting I'm sorry but
yeah that's what we got it's what we got
I'm sorry I had my big floppy clown
shoes and say you're not warm in there
pretty comfy I didn't have any socks it
was uncomfortable wearing them without
any socks these are my amusing movie
theater antic doats now when you turn
around for you dummy damn jack has had
an interesting life right well it's all
it's crazy like I have crazy experiences
that is the greatest you're welcome hey
guys you know what you're welcome I'm
I'm on fire tonight on fire uh sorry
Jenna Howie has rich seen the finished
drawing yet it's great okay you did
great surgeon made poker Oh rich Evans
and a jack Jack's delivery service where
I am an adorable which and rich is a
giant cat and it's adorable i i
retweeted it if you haven't seen the
picture go to our Twitter and see it
clown shoes are no different than
wearing flip-flops in public I agree but
you know what when you're a teenager you
don't care man you worry all sorts of
dumb shit when you're a teenager did you
wear a dumb shit as a teenager no oh man
I went through some phases oh I didn't I
have I did not ever go through phases
you never went through any phase man I'm
really lucky
you're a lucky man no interesting
popularly what are the kids wearing hey
whatever way don't say the kids when
you're a kid I did
does that shock you does that does that
does that shock you know that you were
that you are forever an old dad no
reserve all right I say reserved for a
shot then I get over here I tried to
take the aim shot this is not enough
time units frame shy I'm sorry it's a
wire jack I'm sorry
I never Hammer pants because I you know
that's that that's that's too young for
me but I I did I went through a raver
summer were the big fat Jenko jeans I
remember when my class I I'm not too
young I remember when my classmates were
we're on the Hammer pants hammer dance
look fucking retarded yeah parachute
pants those big giant yeah yeah they're
the dumbest fucking retarded dumbest I
thought so at the time I mean but you
know what was what's Dumber the big
Jenko jeans the wide the super wide leg
jeans yeah that's what I did
just just one summer yeah the summer
between eighth grade and freshman year
yeah I wore some Jenko jeans and black
metal band shirts that's what was hip at
the time big wallet chain I never sucked
on a pacifier I didn't do that but you
know it had the Jenko jeans the black
metal t-shirt and the big wallet chain I
was pretty darn cool until you want
recovered DeWitt oh hey congratulations
no I never wore a pacifier I'm an actor
Devaney I didn't and I never did any of
the stupid hair things that they did
like they do their hair of the braver
kids yeah they'd like pigtails like guys
in pigtails and they'd like suck on a
pacifier this is a real thing that could
happen 90s fashion was terrible ninety
fashion was terrible and then you know
like a few years after that like it was
when swing music was getting back into
style oh man nothing but those retro
shirts for me and khaki pants yes the
cool khaki pants and those retro
collared shirts
I was pretty cool that's a pretty cool
kid didn't I save you a list of people
to just choose from jet I thought you
could buy like hired trained soldiers
did they get rid of that the Schmucks
Jack was I was so much oh yeah heck yeah
I saw swingers and thought it was the
bomb diggity
she's a little rabbit and you're a big
bear and you're just gonna take that
little rabbit cuz you're the bear you're
a big bear what is that Tiberius what
are you sharing with us
oh god no I'd never be matthew lillard
and hackers that would be terrible the
worst the absolute worst this wasn't
following a trend this is just I'm
talking about my bad fashion choices now
so you know like I did I did the raver
thing for a summer and it didn't work
out like I just went back to t-shirt and
pants and I did the the whole swinging
look for a little bit and that didn't
work out here is the absolute worst you
know I've always been really into
like I'd like comedy yeah stand-up
comedy I'm a comedy person so I want to
say freshman and sophomore year of high
school what I decided I needed to do
this was very important to me is I had a
big trench coat not like a leather
trench coat not like the black trench
coat that the goth kids would wear yeah
but just like a raincoat like it was a
big raincoat and I would fill every
single pockets and I sewed extra pockets
on the inside with props yeah so I could
be that kid that brought random shit to
school like I'd have a rubber chicken in
there all right I have a deck of cards
and I do a magic trick or I'd have like
the thing where the snakes pop on it
like I would have a random shit in my
trench coat so at any given time I could
do a little bit yep and I'd be that
asshole I'd be the asshole who did bits
you can't tell this story no I was not
the trench coat mafia I was a prop comic
exactly that's that's what was very
important to me in high school is like I
just like short like they'd be a group
like hey guys go there's a flowers in my
sleeve and then they would look at me
fine and go ha ha see you later
and I didn't make many friends everybody
hated jack even back then I very sorry
you know you got you got to find
yourself you got to find who you are
eventually and I found some people who
put up with me and they're like guys
guys a little wacky and I settled down a
little bit jack is cringe personified I
was I absolutely was absolutely probably
still I don't know but oh I loved carrot
top I fucking loved carrot top
where do I go to look at what I have I
don't know what's in there where's my
inventory I don't know jack is the
ultimate goof I wore blue eyeshadow in
high school zat's we all do weird stuff
I don't know if that's weird but did I
ever watch the kids in the hall I am I
was obsessed with the kids in the hall
I'm still I still love the kids mom of
course kids in the house great sketch
coming
I've never I have never gone to a high
school reunion I'll tell you that that's
right I'm married and I have children
now so even even if you've ever felt
awkward in your life you can get past it
I swear to you you can get past it you
know it's sometimes you got to do a lot
of weird shit to find out the things
that you're actually into it actually
like but anything a lot of that was just
like I have some some some slight social
anxiety issues yeah I don't like big
groups of people and I feel
uncomfortable often and so that was kind
of my way of dealing with that you know
okay all right how about I won't
actually ever have to talk to people if
I just put on a little show in them walk
away but then like I won't be the weird
guy who doesn't talk to anyone I'll have
a bit I'll have a shtick so that's how I
deal with my schtick that's how I dealt
with not wanting to ever you know talk
with people
I have never thought about going for a
fedora I know it's the ultimate fashion
item but the we've talked about this the
Hat you're thinking of is not a fedora a
fedora is what Indiana Jones wears
that's a large brimmed hat the the thing
that people dislike and you know that
that teenage boys were a lot of trill
B's with the short brim hat those are
true B's do I have to move soldiers
actually oh yeah crew I can't all right
all right
this starting slowly but surely things
are coming to me jack I read having a
book means never having to talk to
anyone yeah absolutely
how do I get them
how do I get more people on here dammit
oh there we go there we go figure it out
now yeah nice more like thrill be
absolutely
well I'm in a vid this is where the this
is where the conversation it's gone is
Jax poor fashion choices no it's the
person near the top the person who walks
out first I would assume I hope so yeah
you want your rookie to go out first
yeah oh so you're sometimes you get shot
walking out of the plane sure okay that
makes sense
I'm not I'm not you know what valuable
well-trained
officers walking out first well you
wanna pay attention to is who walks out
for ass Kenneth or devote yeah okay yeah
great I like how you did that right
right patted them on both sides I you
know that's mad strats rich man strats
space available actually I can fit more
on here right now jack is all grown up
and where it's videogames issues right I
found the thing that time that I'm
comfortable with yeah well I got jeans
in a t-shirt I got everyone in there you
can do that yeah yeah that's a lot
that's a fucking lot yeah well but fuck
it fucking so Demetri or Kenneth Demetri
or Kenneth who comes out first everyone
remember Demetri or Kenneth Kenneth is
on top dimitru who's on bottom Kenneth
has a smoke grave good and regular
grenade and a rifle clip thanks epic
Jason thanks for sharing your stories of
however you owe and everyone you know
goes through an awkward phase I like to
tell myself
that's what I tell myself I'm in high
school and I wear rlm gear every day
well congratulations you're a cool kid
then obviously super cool
all right let's see what we got here
jackal mo so hey guys I'm a brewer and
last night I went to lube up the mill I
grabbed the I grabbed the girth I went
to lube up the mill I grabbed the grease
guns and started singing a modified
version of Jackson doom song
Looby loo B Looby loo B Lube it up great
job guys
Thank You Jack Lamont I'm glad my doom
song has inspired you to lube it up it's
automatically equipping people which I
don't really like I don't really like
that so much you kind of just give them
a standard thing and then Oh someone
decided someone had like the rocket
launcher into rockets oh ok I'll clip
some people turn that awkward phase into
a career absolutely absolutely
we're a long time no tips as vari r77
thanks for the entertainment over the
years sirs use this ginormous gift
wisely we will do our best we're gonna
buy brand new shovels my worst idea
nothing I'll say this I had to add a
birthday recently and my mother who is a
very practical lady
yeah and has never been much one for
sentiment gave me quite possibly the
best birthday present I got this year
which is just a really nice shovel it's
like made of this like plastic plastic
composite it's supposedly indestructible
like so it can break ice I used it today
cuz we had a big snowfall today and man
that thing moves snow and it might be
the lamest gift to ever give something
but I really liked just having a nice
shovel I don't know I don't know how
terrible that is but man what a great
shovel and you know with all the
snowfall everyone could use okay shovel
oh no it's a snow shovel it's not it's
not a it's not a dig the graves shovel
it's a snow shovel and that's that's
what's important practical gift
practical gifts are the best gifts right
sometimes it's hard to buy a gift for
someone but it has to be something that
that you know they would like but they
would never buy for themselves jack
confirmed for boring adults if we talked
about how like I'm a husband and father
and yes I am a boring adult
all right but Cooper out of the butt
says hello jack and wrench I appreciate
everything you do the weather is cold so
in the spirit of cold weather what are
your favorite soups and or stews
discussion of other ream of chicken
yeah um cream of chicken or French onion
with cheese and croutons really yes I've
never understood the French onion soup
thing Jesus it's the cheese and croutons
that make it just a cheese delivery
system yep
you know never I've never been into it
and for me the answer is ramen pork
ramen and and I for a long time I just
loved it because it was so hard to come
by but actually I found a place near ich
by me not in my neighborhood
unfortunately but a 20-minute drive
and that shut it down Jack shut it down
fuck you fuck you rich you do it so wait
now is it just on the ground yeah oh so
now you go get second though you put the
other one right yeah oh my I guess you
played the second why buy the second one
yeah dad's on the ground and then we lay
in there and we kill anything that's
survived and then we get it oh okay
I'm within you know I will take ramen
over for ramen I like the noodles and
ramen better than the rice noodles like
they use in fuh but man like like pork
rum and it's just basically port Fett
pork fat soup and it's the most
delicious thing you'll ever eat and I
love it so much and I found a place
relatively nearby that I will be eating
and constantly now okay so that is my
favorite I mean that's just my favorite
food
but wintertime food it's extra nice big
a hot bowl of pork fat soup fuzz alright
fun is perfectly fine perfectly
acceptable button you should try mama
tom yum ramen it's the best instant
noodle for use in the studio okay it's
pork bone Kenneth is the first one out
Kenneth was on top okay Kenneth was on
top okay it's a ways so then Dmitry is
he one of the last not oh my go to his
inventory here it's been so long since i
play this jaga it's like forgetting
everything it's like relearning
everything
it's not book I understand it's not pork
fat but it tastes like pork fat how's my
diet it struggles in December it
struggles but I'm still on it
still on it still still haven't bounced
back horribly but it gets real tough in
December birthdays and oh shit what's
that a smoker name oh there's your
smoker that's my smoker name Oh God
I was like rich the aliens are bees oh
we're gonna tip I forgot about the whole
lob there's a day-night thing going on
like your vision is horrible at night
this is a night mission
okay well shit no one doesn't have that
which is stupid I mean I got the
spinning globe like you can watch for
the globe is like that crashed ship I
probably could have waited a little
while done this during the day there's a
I will fully admit there's a lot of
depth to the classic XCOM but I do love
I've forgotten all of it there's a lot
of depth that I love but with the new
ones that that quick paced tactical
combat that's still turn-based yeah I
love that so much
sacrificing a little bit of depth for a
little more playability yeah
well it's like the two different phases
like the tactical stuff I would love
XCOM new X comes combat with like the
base kind of stuff old X come I would
love okay
I'm with you
Chapel diet the diet that I went on the
way I lost all the weight was called the
low carb diet it's that it's from the
Tim Ferriss book the 4-hour body and
basically it consists of eating an
incredibly restrictive diet six days a
week and then one day a week eating
whatever you want so I I mostly the same
thing every every single day very you
know no carbs no sugars just vegetables
and proteins and beans and then one day
a week I get to gorge myself on whatever
the heck I feel like and it works very
well it works very well for me and now
I'm trying to modify it to not lose
weight anymore but just kind of maintain
but you know even if I'm eating like
garbage I like my breakfast of spinach
eggs and black beans that's just a good
breakfast helps help set you up it's
good fiber in it really great honestly you know
what we need to find it we see if we can
find this soundtrack for Jay.
Jay would love listening to this.
yeah 
someone give Jay the original XCOM soundtrack 
Wow with this my cheat day Saturday Saturday is
my cheat day and it's tough you know
like you go out sometimes you'll go out
and meet with people Friday night you
know go to a nice restaurant and go want
to eat something nice but you just stick
to it but here's the thing about diets
and losing weight and this is something
that it's super true is any diet will
work as long as you stick to it
religiously any diet just calorie
counting you stick to calorie counting
religiously it will work it might not
work like super fast but that's okay you
don't gain weight fast so you shouldn't
lose weight fast just fine to find the
one that works with you find the one
that you can stick with and that's
that's your diet this one I can stick
with because you know like I work from
home
so I usually don't have to have to worry
about like
packing a lunch or or like anything like
that said like this works for me but
thank you know one tall no I ain't fall
for the pink poke pink boom I had to
click it so I could get this out track
send me a link to this on the topic
thank you
I thought the pink book was the thing
that you had to thank them for being
Buncombe oh the big book
yeah whatever big book it's a good Bing
Punk like a big punk music guaranteed
way to the way to lose weight eat less
exercise more that's true real van
absolutely just have to be consistent
give yourself some rules cut out the bad
foods eat more good foods take long
walks boom he's busy I hate you up on
reddit when I was just starting a diet
I've since lost 50 pounds thank you for
the encouragement well hey
congratulations that's great
that's great anyone can do it you just
got a want you got to want it more than
you want the doughnut and that's really
tough sometimes cuz doughnuts are great
then you got to want it more than you
want that slice of cake for man yes I
thought it used to say what country they
were from to Petrov Paz Manny that used
to be a thing like you scrolled down at
all yeah like I thought they a little
flag by their name picked it up
Victor what are you sending me I don't
know what the fucker sending you know
fuck my supposed to know
I don't know all right Bernard
never had a buttercream donut there
divine I believe I believe it
buttercream is great
listen food is great food is great
I just gotta just gotta you know
moderate yourself all right let's see
here evil Lord David says hey guys David
here I agree there's probably nothing
after death and like rich I hate the
idea of it but I find the idea of living
forever to be just as scary which would
you prefer personally living forever ask
yourself this question like I wouldn't
want to live forever why would you want
to die pick a big kind of pick a day
what would you want I kind of rather if
you pick a day all 200 years how you
gonna feel exactly like 900 199 years
and 256 days from now yeah no look
forever absolutely absolutely what am i
live forever and you probably would
literally we're right now we're we are
flailing madly to get a few extra years
yes that's what we're doing every other
day that's what humanity strives for
just a few more good years I think I
think the the storytelling myth of like
the board immortal is bullshit yeah
there's constantly new shit to do yep
computers ooh I was getting bored
there's computers oh man I can watch
every movie ever made because I have all
of eternity well shit I could do that
just just waiting for the Cubs that win
a World Series that's a hundred years
right there think about the backlog of
movies television video games books
comics yes yeah I'm gonna said let me
forever be great it would be great
sign me up there's so much TV right
there's television alone will last you a
good century just the entire DVD backlog
and then you ever gonna like not enjoy
just now let's go to the beach it's nice
up oh right like what does that get old
you know like I suppose you might have
to deal with some shit as far as like
like let's say you're the only immortal
loneliness yeah yeah but you know what
you can always make new friends shit
life's all about make new friends a day
die and you make new friends there's
more people we're not running out of
people shit and then you know what
you'll have like the best stories
immortality only sucks if you get like
caught in like a cave-in yeah so you
have to have the option to either
teleport or self terminate or both well
let's say you're immortal yeah as long
as you don't and then a few billion
years from now the Sun sucks up the
earth and you're kind of like stuck in
the Sun but you can't burn to death but
you're very very hot here here's here's
your your immortality clause you cannot
die of natural causes sure okay oh yeah
you know someone shoots you fuck you did
okay okay but but your cells never
succumb to entropy and so you you never
you never age you got past you know
whenever your cells reach full maturity
so I can deal with this okay great
if you live to the end of the universe
you can become Galactus in a new
universe that could be fun
that's Galactus is origin is it yeah I
thought your gift like a shitload of
time yeah which did oh wow look at all
your time you know oh XCOM isn't that
what it is Simon boots your cells there
is you know our cells split uh it's and
and duplicate themselves but of
eventually due to the energy loss of
splitting they end up losing information
I think its DNA degradation isn't that
entropy loss of energy no I think just
copying less well you losing information
the you're not getting all of the DNA
strands telomeres that's I don't know if
they were a hundred percent sure that's
what doesn't I think that's one of the
theories on what aging is what causes it
sure well and I guess I had always
thought that it was just because of the
loss maybe loss of information not
energy but right no sorry to use the
wrong term then well you didn't get the
gist of what he was saying if you're
just being anal well I think they wanted
some clarification oh wait there is you
see him I could see him look at him look
at him he's like tiny tiny alien even
though I saw tell him to save the time
units to shoot it doesn't save the
proper amount because his game's fucking
cruel
cancer is when they don't stop splitting
interesting yeah you know what yeah and
that natural causes yeah so you can you
can't get cancer you can only die from
external causes that's what I'm saying
that's my that's my thing or an elf
stabbing you in the dick know if an elf
stabs you in the dick you can die that's
that's an external cause that's a that's
an elf dick let's see here a Tomic
mousetrap says dream movie 4d Lister's a
Batman versus kite man and crazy quilt
but Batman has the flu so it's kind of a
fair fight
I'm not sold zhonya's concepts we we
just want Batman versus the mob that's
it Batman
taking down a crime boss
spider-man who has to fight hammerhead
or you know oh you know who's an awesome
spider-man villain tombstone
I'm tombstone I'd like to see the Green
Goblin done justice if I thought he were
done really well on screen I wouldn't
care as much but I'm not like he ever
has or the Hobgoblin what do you think
about what did you think about ultimate
spider-man's monstera fication no I
hated it Jekel unhiding
was dumb it made him really just kind of
generic and uninteresting at least as
far as being a monster goes being a
villain goes being something you fight
goes how do you how do you do the
monster mask without being corny you you
embrace it you can't is it not is it
okay she can have it you can you can
make it like a nicer looking mask bud
hey where's Monster Mash because you see
these kind of a whack job you still
haven't been Norman Osborn sure be like
a philanthropist billionaire sure or you
know what you know you couldn't do what
you don't have the Goblin mask you go by
the old Hobgoblin route where his face
is mostly just could see it like a hood
you just you just make it creepier
rather than sillier instead of a green
grinning thing you do you do more
monstrous you just like maybe like red
eyes that are some kind of laser goggles
really but they look like red glowing
eyes there's a hood over the whole thing
and it's all dark you could do that you
could do that and it would work I like
the I like what they did with the
vulture it's like oh yeah it's like a
motor so works it's got the little eyes
look nice so yeah maybe something
similar goblins are lame I don't want no
ghost you're no goblins tombstone I just
want like a guy who's made out of rock
those III think like the best spider-man
villains are the people who are stronger
than spider-man
and so you need someone who said let him
highlight his agility yes
agility and more important to still
isn't stronger Tim stones just an albino
Who am I thinking I was the one
literally made of stone that was to stop
the absorbing man sometimes made out of
stone just like he's like a gangster
who's an albino and he sharpened his own
teeth but he doesn't have superpowers I
don't fucking know the grey gargoyle the
China sang stone or well yeah I know
hammerhead has like the hammerhead like
he has a really strong head you know
what I'm not thinking I'm not using the
whole brain I'm using part of it hey
look everyone why don't we why don't we
take some sometime and stand up here
stand up then
there we go there we fucking go
we're gonna find this fucking UFO jack
where's this fucking your phone I don't
know maybe yeah you know what I might be
thinking of rich hmm I think it is
tombstone I think in the in the 90s
cartoon
they made him actually out of stone yeah
and so I'm not thinking of comics
tombstone I'm thinking of cartoon Tim
stuff okay cuz yeah he did have like
pointy teeth and and I saw someone in
the chat saying the best vitamin
villains are the ones not as smart as
Parker but I think like that's along the
same lines is no that's not true but
well hold on spider-man is strong yes
but what makes spider-man unique is he's
also very smart and clever yeah so a
villain that that makes him not punch
his way out of a situation is the best
villain yeah I think they should be not
dumb like they can't be done because
then it's not a fair fight Doc Ock right
exactly like how fun is it to have
spider-man fight the the scorpion who's
a big dumb guy in a student's you know
that's fun that's fun but that's not
your movie that's your that's your you
know they should start using these
d-list characters as like the opening
action scene yeah yeah you know you
can't you can't really do a story about
my thing enough someone like like the
Scorpion said I'm a movie is that said a
movie level villain Edda scorpions
robbing a bank in the opening of the
movie it's spider-man best to fight um
it's a really cool fight scene with the
scorpion yep like first five minutes
interactions let's say use someone like
hydro man yep I'm with it I'm with him I
guess that you can do like one of the
classes like the sinister syndicate get
hydro man rhino and all these you'd have
like a battle royale the opening of the
movie whatever use these d Lister's
rather than while it might make a movie
you know I'm making a movie about
fucking the Gibbon but you're not making
a movie about the Gibbon you use
as a d-list throw-away action scene yeah
the other men one of them may be the
real villains using him is just like a
hinge person but use some of these
characters it's like it's like what they
did with winter soldier or winter
soldier yeah yeah remember the guy that
he fought in the boat Batroc the leaper
yeah yes I was like I was watching them
oh this belt rock they'll be perfectly /
obviously he didn't have any leaping
powers but buddy was still bout rockin
that was there opening action sequence
where that's where you get the little
villains huh that's when you bring in
boomerang what the boomerang somebody's
probably already said this bud
spider-man's best when his enemy is just
life as a superhero that's oh that's got
to be a huge part of it he struggles
just to maintain his life as he's
dealing with all this shit that's
classic Spiderman looks like they're
gonna do some of that in the new movie
which that could be fun yeah he's not
played by somebody who thinks he's on
Leave It to Beaver or somebody who's
just like a mannequin right this wannabe
great school it'll be great
looks it looks really good I love this
idea that they set up in the trailer for
spider-man homecoming of him like
watching some news footage of his fight
with giant and man uh-huh uh-huh where
he's just like like that pole between
like the celebrities superhero world and
the shit that he needs to do is that's
classic spider-man talking about girls
at school which is which is comic relief
friend it's gonna be great it's all
gonna be great I can't wait for the emo
dance scene in the new spider-man movie
yeah it's gonna be great
giant ant-man
oof I hate the way the hills disappear
that is starting to drive me crazy but
like like that see that just vanished on
top I got all these troops up there i
scroll down a level when they all vanish
the still there I can't stand that I
would like that I would like to do the
visualization I would like it to stop
well but is that so you know what level
you're on when firing and I need to know
like they'll be an enemy I forgot was
there because they disappeared it's it's
not helpful it's not helpful at all
everyone wants to fucking me oh my
Marisa Tomei is a lovely lovely lady
know what you
oh they're saying you can switch that
off oh you can that's what they're
saying oh that's fantastic
yeah rich is remembering and in doing
this I believe yeah this is so Micra
like look at how long this is taking
we've shot one alien I really really
love what the new XCOM did with the with
the actual tactical combat yes it has
paced so much better than this
super ultra mega siz Jack have you ever
read a spider-man comic Peter is a loner
who doesn't really care about girls
except for MJ someone hasn't read a
spider-man comic but it's not jack
anybody Brent that's great Liz Alan Mary
Jane Gwen Stacy
Alicia harden Alicia Hardy who was the
one that was a brief one Debbie
something Debbie says she wasn't real
long spider-man likes to date girls and
has friends and has a social life that's
the whole point
but listen maybe maybe he doesn't sleep
around a lot he he sticks to one girl
but there's usually a love interest
that's common Peter Parker is an asexual
cyber hacker who uses morphine to hide
from his reality a be normal what is
that one no that's a pun some shark
suits super ultra mega I could you know
recommend some some really good
spider-man books for you if you'd like I
know at the library they have like the
collections of all of the old ones from
the from the 60s and 70s some really
great fun reason there you could
probably just just pick a random page on
any spider-man book and it will be him
talking about a girl no of course that's
that's a little it's a little bit of
what we call hyperbole
yeah yeah I guess what I'm saying here
is I've read a bit of spider-man I've
read a bit of spider-man and and yeah
he's a normal guy who likes normal
things that's what makes fighting in so
great is he just deals with bullshit
that's right he and kitten ultimate
human him and kitty pryde had a little
thing going on yeah that was grea
aim shot 73 percent well the odds I'm
gonna miss I'm gonna say the odds that I
miss our 95 percent know I hit oh my god
I hit and murdered yeah the first time
that's happened on my first shot against
an alien I I'm dumbfounded rich if
someone sends you some trades its
superior spider-man would you read them
I don't know no maybe possibly yes sure
why not
great it doesn't feel like my spider-man
anymore in the whole Marvel I don't know
ever since one more day it's not been
the same for me it feels like a weird
alternate universe spider-man mm-hmm
Angela Mays yes in the in the comment
include a message to red letter media at
VanCamp that's where you say who you
would like to sign your DVD
you know if it's if it's if you say like
just everyone you might not get everyone
because you know maybe sometimes josh is
here so be specific with who you want to
sign it 
we sign so many we have hand
cramps we and yeah just know that like
asking us to sign it may mean it takes a
couple extra days because we're not
you're gonna get a pretty quick if it's
just me Mike and Jay
if you want Jack or especially Josh you're gonna have to wait
that's gonna take a little bit
gonna take a little bit longer
because we're at the studio every day 
and Jay and Josh are not
Jack and Josh are not
Jack and, I meant Jack, not Jay.
Obviously Jay Is here every day.
I'm here at least twice at least twice a week I'm
here at least twice a week but that
could add extra days and sometimes I'm
not look at these two guys I got these
three guys I got lost up here because of
this show this Hill crap yeah
well this is a great soundtrack yep
can we specify could we don't want sure
yeah if you want if you want to say like
I definitely don't want Jack signature
then I'm definitely gonna sign it with a
fucking on that no honestly just tell
them who you want that's possible by the
way and then you'll sign up with a fuck
you it's very possible I do what I want
we're under no obligation to do anything
for anyone
yes somebody who wanted I forget what
the exact message message was
specifically but they wanted us to write
on the DVD transformers was the best
movie of the year whatever was
transformers two words earlier but every
one and we wrote it and then
deliberately speared the Transformers in
ink with the ink with it with a silver
ink we wrote it and then I just smeared
it to allege ability nice rich fuck you
I'm Jack and yes that is how I sign
everything yes it's not a it's not a
real signature it's not a real signature
but it's the only one that you can read
I my mind is pretty good yours is pretty
good yeah I'm getting sloppy with the
Evans but it's quite clearly rich
burgher
Jam Mike I don't know it just kind of
fucking squiggles they don't give a shit
they don't give no fucks
the first time someone asked me to sign
something I was so shocked I was so
shocked you know and and so I signed it
and I'm Jack yeah just kind of as a joke
and then they just kept asking me to
sign stuff and I was like why are they
asking me to sign stuff and so that's
just how I've kept it up and that's good
you know what
just like the trench coat that's in a
bit now so gotta stick with the bit my
real signature looks like squiggles
anyway so it just wouldn't mean anything
he requires the most balloon takes and
the best of the worst discussions we see
Rich's all the time but I assume that's
because he's an easy target and editing
there you have it you have to understand
something there are no there are no
retakes like when you see it edited in
there rich you know trying to speak a
sentence and flubbing a word that's like
that's the retake but we just have a
conversation and then we edit out the
bad parts well they want to say who
flubs more oh flubs yeah I think it's
what they want Richie's got a bit of a
mush mouth sometimes yes and that's okay
that's just that's that's what it is I'm
sorry him fucking deal with it no I mean
you know now it's the kind of a running
gag so it's probably probably rich rich
flubs the most
I would have played for five missions of
new XCOM there's a little crazy four or
five this is definitely a little crazy
and it's a long game like there's a ton
of missions you end up doing by the end
of it which Evans is defeatable like I'm
bringing along a lot of people because I
probably should to improve my chances of
winning but that's exactly the major
change they made in the long war mod
that I don't like you can bring I think
up to 12 people on a mission in the long
war Mon I have to should I have to learn
that right I have 14 and look how long
this shit is taking yeah this is
ridiculous this is like you said it's
smart like you got a big crew I mean it
gives me the best chance of winning yeah
absolutely
alien invasions aren't supposed to be
fun rich supposed to take this shit
seriously the blue blaze says Yahtzee
once described this game as having an
interface less complicated than the
control panel for a nuclear submarine
he's right
so good luck they've streamlined it a
bit in this open X come I'm not playing
like quite the vanilla okay okay classic
XCOM there's they made something
somebody made something called open X
come just kind of like just a new engine
for XCOM I don't think like it takes
like some of the graphics meals when you
have to have the old one installed but
it's not it's not like running something
on DOSBox okay somebody cuz you've
remade the game and they they there are
some user interface tweaks like I
remembered the old one like you had to
manually there's like a button on here
to turn your soldier it wasn't just
clicking where you went necessarily
click on turn looking forward forward
forward right that's what it was like I
believe I could be wrong or maybe maybe
when I played the original I was an
idiot and didn't know there was a better
way to do it I don't know that's
possible that's entirely possible
as Karen still hugging your computer for
planet coaster no she's trying to avoid
it so I can use my computer and I feel
bad I kind of finished getting hers
together I can't get her over here
I want her help with the decals cuz I
want you know it's her computer I want
her to help with the freaking decoration
what do you want on here what do you
want the dad to have flowers yeah I can
I can never just get her over here to
sit down and hash it out and really
figure it out
where do you want the goddamn flowers
flowers take a fucking elephant where's
the Darkman take the fucking alright
let's see here TC Brady 133 hey fuckos
have you listened to the new childish
gambino album it is great I don't know
what the fuck you're talking about
Challenge game you know Donald Glover
yeah who is a an actor in such things as
community he's going to be the new Lando
Calrissian he's in spider-man homecoming
he was in the Martian he's the actor
that's that was like they had to push
for him to be Miles Morales yeah he's
also a rapper who goes by the name
childish
Gambino recently put out a new album and
it's been getting very good reviews good
good for him yes and so they were
wondering if we had heard it I can only
assume that was more directed towards me
as I am the one that listens to hip-hop
and I have not heard it I've heard good
things about it but I just haven't
gotten around to actually listen to it
I've listened to some of his older stuff
and wasn't terribly impressed with it so
I kind of you know I've never been like
I've never kept up with his music but I
do hear very good things
I didn't think you would get it right
right cuz I usually say that that Donald
Glover is is from Parks and Rec which
he's not he's from community and I'm
remembering it Congrats on remembering
that he's from community you're welcome
you're welcome I know I've been I've
been working on that his first album is
awful super ultra mega would like to
issue an apology for the super
condescending Spider Man comment earlier
I realized it was stupid after I read it
you know what your policy accepted okay
we brought Rebecca we get it it's
alright that was that was big of you to
apologize
and so dr. Dre what no just say yeah
great great let's see here it's great
Atlanta spider-man and Star Wars this
man is going places aids yeah no I you
know as an actor he's he's really
hitting his stride he's gonna be he's
gonna be a lot of big shit
I know people loved him on community
that's great
and you know I still know him from we
talked about this internet movies he was
an Internet sketch comedy Chris that
made a movie and I'm forgetting what
they're called now button yes now he's
great Derek thank you Derek comedy funny
man funny man come XE and ones when he
says hey Jack and rich how would you
feel about Marvel creating a scenario
where spider-man is attacked by or is
asked by Claire temple to help daredevil
fight the kingpin then we finally get
spider-man vs the kingpin well you need
to get Sony to is how much how much pull
the Sony have because that's pulling
them into the TV universe right so there
are many reasons why that's not gonna
happen
yeah it's not gonna happen mostly
because Marvel doesn't want their TV
properties mingling with their movie
properties unfortunately
and they've just been incredibly
incredibly clear about that with their
actions they don't want their TV people
talking to their movie people while I
liked daredevil and would think it'd be
super cool if spider-man came down you
know to be on a super special Netflix
episode the highest rated Netflix
episode ever I it just it's just not
gonna happen for so many reasons also
remember the budget on those shows are
very small compared to what movie stars
me so you'd also be asking Tom Holland
to take a pay cut
I don't think Sony wouldn't care at this
point
sony has already yeah you know like has
already like what do you call it
conceded defeat as far as they're owning
of spider having a mother Hammond Marvel
its Marvel this is Marvel's shit now man
obviously Sony still owns it but
Marvel's doing the shit with it I'm sure
they can back out of the deal whenever
they want oh absolutely but do they want
to because they're gonna make money love
that's okay right I read the Spidey deal
was never to have him appear in Marvel
TV well I mean but that's like fucking
all their deals listen agents of shield
got got like one of the supporting
characters from a Thor movie that was it
that was their big get four agents of
shield the official crossover TV show I
think they got they got a Samuel Jackson
for thirty seconds as well
so so it's just yeah it's it's just not
30 no 61 with it that close to your
right behind me you know just Christ Oh
or is that a different alien this isn't
the rocket launcher is it we're not
using that I think that's the rocket
launcher that is the rocket launcher we
will not be using that that might have
some Splash Damage it's probably
probably a really good idea but like I
said it would be fun
more so the spider-man just needs to
fight like I would love the for the
spider-man defied kingpin even if it's
not Vincent D'Onofrio if they could come
up with a different kingpin for the
movie universe but hey okay I don't know
who that is
Karen bits that's a good thing that
she's producing spider-man I don't know
or a bad thing
Oh how am i liking season four of agents
of shield yeah it's kind of interesting
with Ghost Rider how are they handling
Gus Trenor man what's a man that's
welcome to agents of shield
motherfucker they had like one good
season in him what are you doing oh yeah
he went over here I clicked over here
are you doing we did they didn't feel
like going that way I'm sorry
I thought it was ghost driver yeah it's
well it's it's new Ghost Rider it's not
Johnny Blaze it's not Ghost Rider on the
motorcycle it's the new ghost rider who
has like a sweet vintage muscle car it's
like a different ghost writer here no
rich it's comic books it's not always
the same guy Johnny Blaze is still
around but he's not the ghost it's
different girls are different it's not
Nic Cage on the motorcycle it's it's a
it's a different guy but it's been man
every everyone's gone super emo on the
show it's fine and it just doesn't kind
of work for their stick they have this
now this super strong season where like
they were just doing spy stuff and it
was awesome
and there's like little hints of
super-powered stuff and technology stuff
but they were mostly just doing spy
stuff and kung-fu moves everywhere and
it was a really strong season and kind
of turned a little crazy and now the
devil is getting involved
ya know the crossover with ghostwriter
was definitely strange Ghost Rider and
goofy writer
let's see hammer cap says the new suda51
game is a premium third-person
hack-and-slash
so yeah thank you thanks for the work
boys
hey third person hack and slash freemium
this is interesting
I didn't know that was a thing anymore
that's freemium work you know do you see
one of those like you can't play
deployer yep but you know if you want
the good stuff maybe you got to pay pay
a little better or maybe yeah you can
play for free for ten minutes a day and
then after that if you want to play
anymore I gotta pay who knows
freemium yeah Johnny Blaze made an
appearance
Wow
Darkwing schmuck Jack are you going to
join the road one half in the bag I can
only assume not because probably not
just because I'm usually not on half in
the bag and when I am it sits for a
pretty specific reason says keep
freaking what are you going to Punk says
just thought of a great review episode
idea a roundtable discussion of the
movie HR lol it's my welcome
we've heard that a stars and not a bad
movie it was just a notorious flop yeah
so we will probably never do anything on
a star except for play the trailer now
wouldn't it be crazy for that kid we
could just cut to the trailer and be
annoying it would be annoying but like
that did that kind of power lines like
what if we just had constantly that
ready to go live and I hit a hotkey and
it just cut to the east our trailer
seems like a lot to do rich what in a
style of resurrected you should film a
documentary about your journey of
discovery finding the artist of your
baby painting my theory
Russian hackers Russian hackers but
amongst that's topical it's toppika
toppika humor is it actually that would
be a really great little mini doc Rick
Evans would that be where do you even
start where do you even start we start
with interviewing your family okay right
you know we can I know Mike has a ton of
footage of your grandmother so we can
keep cutting to that old footage of your
grandmother start talking to your father
your uncle's you know talk to people who
know of the painting and then just try
to start and start digging you know we
can maybe look into like your area and
try to find out if anyone did those kind
of portraits like you know talk to
people in your neighborhood
our old neighborhood and like try to
find like hey did you know who did like
kids paints and like do some actual
detective work making it happen you're
not home you didn't you didn't you
didn't follow through with your damn hot
dog video Jack huh you didn't follow
through with your hot dog video that was
about a dog I don't trust you to make a
documentary about my baby painting that
was about you know what that was about
hot dogs and the moment has you you gave
up so quickly I did really hey roll
right over rolled right over if only I
would have made that hot dog picture
then rich would have let me make is baby
picture doc no tensions that alter the
course of history you're not doing that
documentary no darn oh darn
lost in second dude whoo oh wow
walleston technically says thanks for
the same poster I'm hanging it up Mary
Jesus Christ I don't know I'm getting 30
messages
Karen hey does she need a planet coaster
Pass no she cleaned up she's showing me
pictures just nice hold on for a second
you checking your phone made me check my
phone

[Part II]
you can't do rich what do you got what
are you doing what's going on I don't
know I don't know you might just be yeah
it's been it's been replaced with new
XCOM jack new XCOM is shiny and fast and
awesome you can't you can't we got to
move forward rich forward always always
forward
oh my only a friend accidentally only
brought four people they're gonna die
that's what Luke Kneller says yeah save
it
say game just calling mm-hmm
blob I can't name it oh I gotta click
there also can we just all take a moment
and now now that Luke Cage has
officially been renewed for a second
season can we all just admit that the
first season was really terrible and
sucked a lot can we come together as can
we come together right now
kind of like like oh can we just can't
come together as nerds and be like you
know what they didn't they didn't do it
they didn't do it that first season and
it's okay I got no dog in that race it's
okay I haven't watched it sucked it was
really bad I thought it was really bad
but a lot of I know a lot of people
thought it was all right and it got
picked up for a second season
you know I'm looking for an emotion what
ash vs. Evil Dead Season two ones that
over tonight binge start the binge okay
thank you thank you coming it was a week
it was it was a week season that season
one of Luke Cage and maybe they can go
somewhere good with it but man man that
was no good I'm fond of classic ex come
but that tactical combat is just it's
got nothing on the new one absolutely
nothing that's it did not have a strong
antagonist that's true that's true it
also didn't have a strong protagonist
tell you to give me give me one reason
why it why Luke wanted was in that city
why was he a hero I'm Sweden huh I'm
Sweden I know you're
I'm just talking to the chat here
there's he had nothing he had no
motivation he had no Drive as a
character in Luke Cage and no I
Diamondback was like cottonmouth and uh
what's her name
he's got mouse cousin they were fun they
were fun villains diamondback was dumb I
didn't get his stupid suit thing at the
end that looked like a GI Joe character
oh man that that whole season was dumb
daredevil too was bad by the images are
just terrible antagonist yeah yeah and
Elektra totally sucked electric totally
it's like but Punisher was awesome
Punisher is what saved season two uh you
know what I stopped watching I get
started I'm just looking at demon is not
like I didn't like it you just moved on
something's got something else key mom
and I never never ended up going back to
it Punisher was great yeah I did love
the Punisher yeah I got to Elektra I was
like electronic you didn't like electro
she started out alright
yeah she's mysterious a little bit of a
woman of something and then her her
ending was super weak the ending of the
the whole season was super weak in fact
that that last episode was pretty lame
but there's some good stuff in there I
think there were some there were some
redeemable qualities to daredevil season
two and I don't think there were that
many redeemable qualities in Luke Cage
besides misty night she was great
mr. net is just like a regular beat cop
like just a detective in the universe
okay
she had more defined goals a character
arc like she had shit going on in her
life she had more shit happening than
Luke did okay and she was great she was
a detective and they did this like
detective vision thing with her
where she'd be like looking at pictures
of a crime scene that all of a sudden
she like cut or she'd be in the crime
scene to like figure it out it was
really nice okay really need visuals
with her Luke Cage had nothing nothing
and some of the lamest fight scenes for
a guy who is super strong and I has
unbreakable skin some of the lamest
fight scenes you know ever so they
couldn't even get action right in Luke
Cage sorry it's okay I opened up I
opened up a war it's okay I opened up a
wound
I just can't join in I know no I have
know Luke Cage experience you just you
just go on that rant Jack great great
that was it I'm gonna I'm gonna cool it
off now gonna cool off the rant but like
I really liked I liked Luke in Jessica
Jones and I liked him as an actor I
think as an actor like he's a he was
fine in that role and Jessica Jones so I
hope they do something interesting with
his character Jessica Jones the
character was a one-dimensional
disappoint new Jessica Jones had some
shit happening you leave Jessica Jones
alone that's a fine show lots of shit
happening her characters learning she's
a flawed camp but she's deep that's what
shit happening what about the DC
crossover on the CW oh that was so much
fun
damn it the flash and Supergirl and
arrow and the legends of tomorrow
beating up aliens that was so much fun
everyone had a great time
you got you got characters going through
stuff classic comic book crossover stuff
in the invasion major story arcs
character arcs people dealing with shit
for Brighton but the show had some
terrible episodes I I think this shit
took Jessica Jones it took like three
four episodes and so you got the flow of
it unreal
what dad who dad that's that's so close
yet so far is what that is Jessica Jones
was great absolutely whoever whoever
talking shit on Jessica Jones can you
can't beat it
btfo the back of the fuck off and I was
gonna be a group of assholes up here I
know it the final third of Jessica Jones
is just terrible yeah I mean you're
wrong that's when it gets good the whole
thing is good no Jessica dome is great
why are you writing along that side okay
you see Darkwing schmuck i agree that
the DC television universe is much
stronger than their movie universe i
know a lot of people will call the TV
universe a little lame and a little
cheesy and here's the thing it is a
little lame and a little cheesy but
guess what so our comic books we're
talking about people who wear their
underwear on the outside and have
magical powers we can have a little fun
with it and I think the shows have a
little fun with it
there they are fucking CW shows our
garbage is still better than the movies
you know let's all agree that Luke Cage
is terrible but fuck you for dissenting
on jessica jones check record absolute
by the way absolutely maybe you don't
know how this works maybe you don't know
how this works but we all have to agree
that Luke Cage sucks and Jessica Jones
is great that's what we all have to
agree know and I think I think the the
see the CW shows are you know they're
not perfect but they're a lot of fun but
they're a lot of fun
let's see here
Casper says bill builds large radar by
better missiles for jets you can buy
tanks and recon with them you can fire
some people to have space for the tank
it's been a very long time since I
played the damn game and live on stream
probably not the best time to relearn
everything I used to know oh do you know
you can kneel it helps ya doesn't think
I intellectually I know that now all the
time I wasn't thinking about it yeah I
did remember that I just didn't think I
didn't do it I don't know why yeah
thanks for the sign it sir it's not as
quick fast or enjoyable as this and
honestly that is the only thing I really
noticed yeah you know I rich sometimes
you need a little action yep action in
your action game I lost in Technicolor
s's thanks for signing my poster it made
my year besides seeing Flight of the
Conchords Mary chrimbus right Curtis
Floyd of course is great glad we could
sign your shit great alright where did
that last one run off to sorry Jen says
PS r.i.p phoenix wright yep
sorry sir are we supposed to do that
there I don't I think we talked about
about it yeah well we forgot shit
happens
look I got a lot of things in my life to
feel bad and guilty about I'm not gonna
let that be one of them sorry yeah we
forgot this shit happens you know
sometimes we don't there's a nice
picture thank you what do you want what
do you want we're to go we're to go
really yeah I needed to grenaded or
these people are gonna be flanked that
was my whole plan was to blow their shit
up and it's somewhere it's somewhere in
the fog now yeah
can you send one guy to recon to find it
it's my last guy oh you left do you know
what just blindly for a grenade P go
read says rich another fuckin Star Wars
movie is coming out this week are you
ready for people to accuse you of a
hating Star Wars they've been doing that
forever
it might be fun movie I don't hate Star
Wars it might be good it's good they
don't say anything cuz I'll say I liked
it but then they'll call you a Star Wars
fan boy they can say what they want I
have no control that's true that's true
also will there be another spoiler
discussion stream like the force awakens
yeah I know I probably won't get to see
the movie until later just cuz that's
how my life usually ends up working with
children and whatnot well wait a while
probably just talk about it while
playing a game we're not gonna do like a
review or anything we're gonna probably
gonna talk about it I'm half in the bag
right so it won't be like what we did
with the force awakens where we was just
rich in iron scream we probably won't do
that but yeah we'll probably like say
hey we're gonna play we're gonna play
whoo buddy Jews dang dang party time
whoo buddy what whoo buddy dues buddy
Jews is what I said oh my god but not
like not like Jewish oh my god but not
like a Jewish whoo buddy Jews
oh my god oh I know this guy's face
oh that poor guy he's seeing some shit
he got picked on hi says death John long
time watcher first time tipper
Jack you like beer have you ever thought
about it's true
yeah it is how do you like beer have you
ever thought about brewing you said you
fried turkeys so you have a lot of the
equipment already it's a fun hobby I
want to say approximately ten years ago
my now brother-in-law who just at the
time was dating my wife's sister
this is an unusual flag distribution
whatever you know you know you know
usually don't get that many Canadians
now I got three two Australians you know
what they're there on it the Canadians
are on at this time huh
anyway ten years ago gave me for
Christmas present a home brewing kit
it's like this little barrel and your
yeast and you can like brew your own
beer you can you mix all this stuff
together you do some shit and you let it
sit like for a week or something and ya
brew your own beer and I started reading
these instructions and I was like oh
yeah this could be fun I like Fiona so
to reading the instructions I said you
know what I'd rather just buy it buy the
beer and then I'll drink the other the
beer that other people made cuz that
seems like it's brewing seems like a lot
of work and like I know it's fun and I
some friends of mine like brew their own
beer Oh bother
sent us a bunch of his home-brewed beer
which I drank and enjoyed it's great if
that's your hobby I don't have the
patience for it I would rather just go
to the store and buy someone else's beer
and we can build up there you can build
anything I said he said he's gonna build
things he's gonna build your beer he's
gonna build my beer he's gonna build my
beers okay here's the plan we're gonna
get the alien super drunk it's gonna be
great we'll make them dancing shit
they'll go back home and they'll be so
fucking embarrassed they're gonna leave
this Oy they're gonna go home and be
like whoa we party to an audience and to
crash this spaceship because they are
driving drunk and shit this what but
what this pre-made kit is just too much
work that's that's what I said that's
what I said
I didn't like it you had to mix your own
shit and then wait a week for your beer
I could just go to the store and get
good enough I love him but look at RK
Johnson he looks hilarious look at him
he looks like he looks like a
middle-school substitute teacher who
like put on the put on this Ellie I
guess I got a fun my name is that Jordan
Johnson
and I'll be teaching what am I algebra
today oh don't give him a beard yeah no
no no beard and nothing uh-oh me
mustache yeah there you go like that
that looks great
what do we have my side we have that one
we got it like pencil yeah it's a pencil
though that's pretty good
I've been instructed we apparently
watching a video presentation on
integers and their values in the code
that could the call of coagulation
Jordan Johnson not Timmy Timmy I've been
warned about you you gotta settle down
Timmy
order is very important order yeah
what do you mean which one moves first
this is very easy to move without
thinking like figure so you don't want
your sniper in the first position okay
okay yeah the the first one you want to
be your scout and I think that class is
supposed to be like the sport supposed
to be your scouting kind of class but
they suck yeah it supports soccer so
assault and then you should put a rookie
or someone next to them because I want
the last the last slots are always gonna
be heavies and snipers there's no what
you want to use last all right
who's Timmy Timmy Timmy is one of mr.
Johnson's students because remember he's
a substitute algebra teacher and Timmy
is one of his students get with the
program
get with the bit that I just made up
your strange man I've never been to Asia
no I might rename the troops what's your
what's your damn rush damn rush really
all right let's see here in some insulin
King insulin King 2016 found our LM just
over a year ago
ready watching all the best of the words
worst videos this month best of the
works best of the warts videos which is
another series that we do where we check
each other's backs for moles who had the
best watch today it's you know it's
important work see if I know what that
one looks like it's growing we should
have that looked at
do you have a favorite episode or movie
or memory anything happen off camera you
wish you could have filmed play just the
wart checking they came out of that
building awful fucking utterly
um let's feed our sniper
we never sniper to love love quick
feeder sniper yeah I like that
so it's how I think of it they're
useless until you get squad sight and
then they start becoming ridiculous but
until you get squad sight yeah they're
just in the fucking way yeah so any
opportunity I have to get multiple kills
with a grade and sniper all they'll do
it cool
as far as favorite best of the worst
episodes are concerned two things stand
out for me one is the the Jillian
episode that's a good episode that that
was a lot of fun and you know just
having her there and someone who like
isn't necessarily a bad movie person
made it a little more insane just good
like that perspective of someone who's
not necessarily familiar with bad movies
yeah that was great and that was a lot
of fun that was just a lot of fun to
film and I like Jillian she's a great
person so just to have her around was a
lot of fun and the second one for me is
SOS I'm not a huge fan of we love the
worst and uncovering the madness that
was SOS was was a joy rich any memories
any movies how can i how could I not say
the Christmas episode with Santa Claus
versus Satan and and elves that was a
great episode was that was the third
movie Oh a Christmas vacation too of
course
yeah of course that was a great one that
was a great episode
Halloween one with the Showbiz Pizza
bear Oh magical magical moment magical
moments as far as like stuff that we did
off-camera
like a lot of times and and very
recently very recently we came across
you know a lot of times we'll just get
together in like watching movie and
recently we came across a movie I can't
give you too much information but you
know we watched a movie and think I know
what you're talking and we didn't film
it we didn't film our reaction of it cuz
we just got together and watched a movie
yes I miss Wow soup of the gun the gun
wasn't lined up
I could tell oh really yeah that's funny
that does that wait is he just sitting
out there exposed the alien yeah he is
so we recently watched this movie and
it's it's gold it's absolute 24-karat
best of the worst
diamonds rock-hard that didn't come out
right but we can no longer have like a
genuine first reaction to it because
we've a lot of us have seen it some of
us haven't seen it yet but every once in
a while we'll come across a situation
like that where we'll watch a movie just
because we like getting together and
watching movies and we but we have we
have an idea we have a possible solution
we're gonna work out
goddamnit we're gonna work on it
tire consensus even though the 1986 film
was itself a remake of the original
Roger Corman film and what are your
thoughts on the remake of Little Shop of
Horrors great seriously what a tease
franchise has not been remade yet oh yes
I think you're talking about the musical
I know apparently they're working on
another remake also a musical possibly I
don't I have no I had never heard about
this yeah I know very little about him I
also know very little about it it could
be good you're allowed to do a remake
you can't stop them it could be bad it
also could be about the same so I'm very
helpful things you're saying yeah I'm
just trying to cover all my bases here
there's nothing else you can do just
take the damn shot oh you missed hey my
name is Jack and rich I hit a deer on
the way home from work don't do that
anymore kind of ruined my night that a
fucker that'll fuck up your riot I'm
sorry man
but your stream is nice to come home to
so my question have either of you ever
hit a deer while driving that's a big
that is actually a big concern here in
Wisconsin especially if you're driving
in the northern parts of Wisconsin I've
never hit a deer but I do have two deer
stories boom neither of them are very
pleasant all right let's do it if your
story it up really really one thing all
right I give us one deer story and then
we'll see if we want the other okay how
about go for the one that's not so
unpleasant oh they're both very
unpleasant oh great um wait wait wait
grant grant hold on which riches
quacking
clan is quacking up
seean you know what the hair oh fuck mmm
well shit shit dog that was a dumb idea
a nun wanted a bit over for a better
shot and she had full health so she was
the obvious choice like I had other
people with full health I guess I could
have moved but you want one and that's
what's important
she didn't die you want yeah right which
one do I start with one's pretty simple
the backgrounds more complicated than it
needs to be I was out of town visiting
some kind of friend of Karen's and they
lived somewhere near the middle of
nowhere I was a little wooded area
nearby pretty good pretty big wooded
area and Karen was sick when she went up
and well she started again she said I
think I think I think this would you got
mom oh and if she came down with it I'm
that trip and I had to I had to go out
of my own to get some medicine from the
Walgreens and I'm in an area I don't
know I'm driving down the street it's
nothing but trees on either fucking side
of me yeah and I'm driving down it's
late at night and suddenly the road
turns like pink pinkish red it's like
the whole road like what the hell is
going on and then I drove by half of a
deer it must have been hit by actually
it was so much it might have been a
might of the fucking summer I might have
plowed through a goddamn
a comical amount of blood but the road
turned red there's a half a deer rich
deer are big creatures I don't know if
you know this the other deer story
in some ways arguably more unpleasant
okay I was just walking through the
Forest Preserve one day Wow I wasn't on
a trail I was just a pretty young man
and I mean I'm like late teens and it's
just nice to be out of a house just
going for a walk clear my head there's a
fort observe not too far from where I
live I walk through the Forest Preserve
and mind my own business and off in the
distance I'm looking oh that's a deer
leg it's just a leg and I'm just just
walking by hmm
out in the middle of that clearing
where's the rest of the deer oh shit I
almost stepped in a rotting dead deer
like my foot was just about to go down
inside of what was left of the deer I'm
just assuming it died and then like a
coyote took part of the leg and dragged
it away I just I'm just like on my way
down something I just made a bigger step
went over it almost threw up of course
of course
oh that's horrible
be careful when you go out into the
woods you never know what's gonna happen
right right those are my two deer
stories they're not an acute Bambi
variety oh you came to support well
we're never going to use you again
nice knowing you Jordan Johnson you're
going back to middle school look at look
at him he looks like a sport early games
gonna give me nothing but fucking
supports supports and sniper so I can't
use because they're not leveled up give
me fucking heavies and assaults give me
the useful classes give me some of them
kick ass out of the box
fucking supports
did John Rich yep do Sox fans find Hawk
Harrelson as annoying as the rest of us
I don't I don't know about the Sox fans
as a hive mind I don't know about that I
could tell you that I personally find
him in a little bit of matches a little
bit annoying I respect him for his
longevity but his catchphrases and yeah
okay so who is Hawk Harrison is the the
TV announcer I usually listen to the
radio gotcha I'm with him Jack did you
talk about Moana oh I haven't seen Moana
hidden so he's doing good good movie
Milana what boy not what it's it's I do
not blame you for not knowing what it is
it's the new Disney animated oh I wonder
thing a little girl and Dwayne the rock
Johnson okay yeah hear good things
haven't got around to sing yet I'm sure
I will take the kids to go see it
because they've been super into Pokemon
everything pokemon and so we've been
we've been burning through I have to go
every every goddamn time if anyone
remembers the original Pokemon animated
series every goddamn time that Brock
falls in love with the cute lady you
should hear their squeals and giggles Oh
old Brock he loves girls oh it's so
crazy because they're young yet they
don't get it it's fuckin anything
they're so into Pokemon that it hurts
the real the real tough part is you know
they're gay they have a lot of Pokemon
cards actually someone sent us a bunch
of Pokemon cards thank you for that
because we've been we've been trying to
we've been trying to learn the Pokemon
card game
because a lot of kids in their school
have pokemon cards but no one knows how
to play the actual card game and yeah
the indigo League for the first season
but all these kids have pokemon cards
but no one knows how to play the game
and so actually me and my 8 year old
just hunkered down found some youtube
videos found the rules and figured out
how to play the Pokemon collectible card
game and I think it's a really bad game
I think it's really convoluted and the
rule set is very specific and it's it's
it's so clearly like a pay to win
situation where you get the right cards
and the right strategy and that's the
master strategy so like there was some
interesting stuff in there and as far as
the card game was concerned like just
with the cards we had it was kind of fun
because you know you get to yeah battle
with the Pokemon and he the eight year
old really liked it
waitwhat
what's hard is getting the name of the
bad movie didn't mention in your story
earlier what well come on card game is
easy what's hard is getting the name of
the bad movie you didn't mention in your
story or the can't mention it because we
were probably gonna do something with it
can't mention it can't even give you a
hint but it it is something so special
this bad movie that we watched it it is
something that defies everything we
thought we knew about bad movies and and
it is special but you can never have our
genuine first reaction to it which was
amazing it was it was a great time just
to come here hang out and watch a bad
movie but in any case and and so in the
water-types
beat-beat the fire types which everyone
knows but in the game like the way they
do the way that they do balance it no no
I stopped talking about
that's true we tend recently said we got
we're almost there with indigo League so
we watch the Pokemon movie Pokemon the
first movie and but I'll be done now
I'll be down it's fine it's a comical
time take a restaurant bro i speaking of
card games yeah my own segment segue
here we we finally got to play the
blood-borne card game and it's perfectly
average it's not that fun it's always a
fun game it's fine fine game it's got
nothing on marvel legends marvel marvel
legendary
marvel legendary whatever marvel
legendary is the card game we played
around after you and Karen live Marvel
engineer is a great card game but
blood-borne was pretty alright I think I
think we we weren't battling each other
as much as the game expects you to and
so we won very handily at blood-borne
the card game I'm gonna say this when it
comes to board games yeah your wife is
cutthroat
isn't she terrifying she's terrifyingly
come through yes yes she is she does not
hold back for anything or yeah sat
through the whole game yes she's gonna
win I can tell him she knows what she's
doing that's played this game the first
time she knows what she's doing that and
that's actually the really rough part of
playing a game with her is she will
understand a game button like not let on
that she gets the game it's like all of
us are trying to figure out this
blood-borne card game and you know she's
like oh yeah oh maybe that's it but she
knew exactly how to win
I knew she knew she's she's great she's
great but I enjoyed it I've had it on my
shelf for a while now but it you need at
least it's three to five players and so
I've been waiting for more people to
come on
she played board games with us on the
board game stream a while ago and she
talked the bed my wife I don't know if
she's been on the stream since then but
I know that I'd like to give the
blood-borne card game another try it's
very interesting because like that it
does have this whole blood echo banking
system and it could be deeper
it could be deeper but it also we that
was a first time playing we don't know
the mass transfer my dogs you have the
other plug-in hose that you collect from
fighting the monster yeah and you can
choose to bank them and they go on your
bank you can't touch them right I you
get points based on that bank right I
really thought there should have been
like a well do you want to bake those
who do you want to spend them to get
better cards better cards might get you
more in the long run but you're giving
up blood that would have been great and
that's how I assumed it work yeah I
assumed you had to spend your blood
echoes to get you made am house
rotisserie how it works but uh support
support
when are we getting the exporting stream
boarding if she was a tough man they are
tough to do oh yeah we need we need
people and it's a whole different camera
setup and how many of these are from
girls so weird this is the Special
Forces of your major countries and a
top-secret alien project and there's a
bunch of girls no one would expect them
or or it's randomly generated it's do
that it's to the point percentage-wise
where it's it takes you out it takes you
out of the world it's randomly generated
who changed the percentages they had it
like before the enemy within that would
update it was so unbelievable but you
know 25% you can deal with that that's
not distracting when 3/4 of your squad
or female
militaries don't really work that way
it's jarring it's jarring we're talking
about people who fight yes we all in
this yes we are we're living in sci-fi
already written all right you can't yet
you can't exist except aliens no
invading the like the real world that's
countering this unknown threat and then
it's like fantasy all female warriors
it's weird but buddy you're done laser
guns are perfectly fine like that's the
you okay with that yeah yeah that's the
fantasy element invading in in the real
world but when the real world is awesome
fantasy elements it takes away from that
these are specially trained female
agents and no one would expect
threatening a giant heavy machine-gun
when they when they're built like many
if they were like actually built but
look at these tiny little eggs the giant
fucking machine guns it's a it's a game
wrench man like it's not it's fuckin
nuts I don't think it's as crazy as
you're making it out to see I don't
think is that big a deal you got you
have people fighting aliens with laser
guns throwing grenades
if I come out to Wisconsin can I be in a
boardgame stream I won't complain about
being away from the whole time no we
don't know who you are we don't know who
you are and that would be weird blue
blaze I'm still getting the tips I by
the hold on so yeah actually I'm behind
I am behind what's wrong with your
behind nothing that's a chant upset
about my comments I'm just curious okay
okay I haven't seen anything you can
edit their body styles if you want you
can edit their body cells to make them
all not in this one good I don't think
you gonna actually I don't think I'm too
you can edit the body this is live you
can edit oh that body style yeah yeah no
no one's really upset about the things
are saying it's fine the chat is more
upset about you not renaming your squad
I'll remind me again after this mission
it's not something obviously it's not
something I am currently thinking about
right I'd love to flank but I know if I
do that that overseers gonna pop up ruin
my fucking week 97th jackal thank you
for the Kevin I get it I won't say it to
rich cuz he won't get it he won't
understand but I think that's
appropriate yeah it did they made an
overwatch joke okay I'll talk to the
chat the the the this cast needs more za
Ria's and less tracers sorry the the
bulky woman the bulky woman okay the
trace is a little petite woman okay as I
was just like I just wanted to like um
yeah get you over what joke but I do
want to make big deal out of it Jack
turgor drawers I've never seen the wild
wild west Wow
so I have no strong opinions on it I
love Kevin Smith's movie or TV show I
assume them at the movie by
I'm gonna get one of them I got one of
them so I only use one per day and
that's that's a fine thing WikiWiki I
remember the song we're going to the
Wild West
hey yeah says em Bronski have you guys
ever read any of the spawn comics
instead you have any favorite arcs that
you can recall no I grew out a spawn
really quickly like super quick
it's a neat concept but todd mcfarlane
it's just a horribly uncreated person he
didn't do anything interesting with it
like ever in the entire time that I was
reading spawn
I stopped maybe he actually hired a
writer at some point I don't know
I remember the spawn movie got that lots
of good concepts that nothing
interesting was ever done with that's my
personal opinion on spawn the very
little spawn that I have read out I'll
go ahead and agree with you but I've
read I've read I mean a couple issues
maybe Mulholland jr. says rich I'm
shocked you read past the Clone Saga lol
Italians stinky crack what for
spider-man
I quit during the Clone Saga I wasn't I
wasn't I wasn't eating any of that shit
right shit yeah
I stopped reading and then when I was
over one of my best birthday presents
ever was the issue that came out where
Ben Riley was thrown off a roof by the
Green Goblin and fell into a cab and
melted that was the best birthday
present ever this is the first time I
had read a spider-man comic book in
years like oh they're ending the Clone
Saga oh thank fucking god cuz in my head
I wasn't gonna come back not only did
they have to end the Clone Saga bring
Peter Parker back they had in my mind
they had to kill Ben Riley and they did
and I came back for a while well there
you go idea for a competitions as a nice
rich plays The Binding of Isaac
and Jack plays FTL and whoever gets the
farthest is the winner by FTL Jack's got
experience with FTL you know I play FV
oh yeah all the time
yeah BNE honestly I beat Jack playing
XCOM right I would I would not make it
very far an ex-con and rich was pretty
good at Isaac but sure sure was the
items I was getting so I can't brag
random roles yeah yeah uh Nico :
can't you live and wanted to say hi just
got home from screening from a screening
of Escape from New York and it was
glorious favorite John Carpenter movie
go big trouble in China I mean I don't
want to choose that one because you just
shows that one but it's so big yeah yeah
that's a great movie John Carpenter has
got a lot of good new comedy sci-fi fun
characters everything about Big Trouble
in Little China is right I like hurt
Russell that's all you need
Kurt Russell and John Carpenter yeah
it's not like they ever did anything
else together
I'm just saying a movie that has Kurt
Russell is immediately better than a
movie that doesn't have boom now I want
to find a really terrible Kurt Russell
film you over guess what you can't you
can't you know why Kurt Russell is
awesome and I know what you're thinking
what about what about the mid 80s comedy
about him tricking a mentally
handicapped woman into marrying him
overboard
it was great no I'm on board with that
I'm on board with overburn love
overboard
what about his Disney era that's my
that's a younger Russell that doesn't
count
that doesn't count why does that count
baby Kurt Russell he wasn't making
decisions for himself he was a kid he
couldn't when he was a kid he couldn't
choose the movies that he was a part of
right doesn't count
next captain Ron great Martin Short boom
I don't know what movie it was one of
those Disney movies he was in he played
a character called rich Evans
oh yeah Kurt Russell played a character
called rich Evans captain Ron awesome
movie I don't know what you're talking
about
fond memories of captain Ron Kurt
Russell Martin Short family goes on a
comedic adventure boom done
death Proof the theatrical version is
awesome
get over it done allegedly Walt Disney's
last words were Kurt Russell it's
because he knew he just said the
awesomest thing ever and he died happy
man froze his head he's gonna wake up
watch what Kurt Russell has done with
his life and be like yes I made the
right call Kurt Russell then he's gonna
die again rich the answer is maybe
George Lucas know great what blood but
uh uh can you please discuss how well
plan DC films are um what do you see
films are they making movies I've been
I've been in my garage I've been working
on my personal film they'll help you
really like that that Batman I thought
that Arnold Schwarzenegger was a great
mr. freeze
I wanted to cast Arnold in Star Wars I
thought he would have made an excellent
wookie anonymous has a very important
question did you know a bad girl and um
and that movie was the first female
actress and a film really in in Batman
and Robin it's two groundbreaking for
people I couldn't handle it
are you saying Alicia Silverstone in
Batman or Robin was the first female I
have first female actress and a movie
first of all I didn't know that thank
you thank you for letting me know that I
now I'm gonna look back oh shit I forgot
to grab the melt as dumb you were too
busy you were in the bit yeah I did a
big dumb I made it risky move just to
get it and I forgot to grab it fuck me
which is why does Mike have a stockpile
of footage of Rich's grandmother as I
mentioned earlier it has a weird
fascination with my life if you haven't
noticed like like an unusual sick
unhealthy fascination that's very true
and a lot of these shorts that you guys
made yeah a long time ago revolved
around your grandmother yeah and Mike
would shoot video of her saying things
yeah so so we have there's footage
there's footage around of Rich's
grandmother Mike Scott some issues yes
but don't we all yeah the answer is yes
poke Alex in the eyes is rich apart from
the obvious droid stubborn lat
besides the obvious droid sturbation
yeah is the
anything immortalized on video that you
kind of regret doing or are in there's
half of things I've ever done on video
boom boom and then you get on with it
and make the next thing that you'll be
embarrassed but yeah it's fine it's fine
hey Jack says this time it's lupus it's
better than working at McDonald's boom
this ain't Jack gave up on Supergirl ten
or so episodes in is it really
worthwhile to catch up on all so if you
haven't watched it before I highly
recommend Lucifer it's just a lot of fun
first like like as a TV show or
something or is just like a religion
yeah I think just like as a person like
read up on that Lucifer guy it's a cool
stuff you know every everything we know
about Lucifer we're kind of taking God's
word on that the you know what they say
though the winners right the winners
right the books
Lucifer isn't the one that told a man to
take a son up upon a mountain and to
sacrifice him as old Sampson was it was
it Lucifer that gave Joe the pox
what was it Lucifer that and Ryan
drowned drowned nearly the entire
population of the entire world that's
was for just why do people eat from the
tree of knowledge
you wanted to bring knowledge to mankind
oh who got who got mad about people
having knowledge who got mad about that
it's a seven-story I've heard of Lucifer
the show
Lucifer yeah I've heard it's good things
here here's the thing about Supergirl
the Supergirl TV show I was just
wrapping up its rap there's a pretty
good bit of TV show its first season
kind of sucks ok this new season that
they're on season 2 really fun and super
great maybe you don't necessarily need
to watch the first season of Supergirl
have some fun episodes in there the
flash crossover up so it's pretty fun
but you don't necessarily need to watch
it all you can go right it's not it's
not the greatest I actually I gave up on
Supergirl I think I only made it 3
episodes on the first girl and then I
gave up but then I heard that flash was
coming over so I caught up so I wouldn't
miss anything and you don't really miss
much so just go right to season 2 it's
way better
it's a Supergirl worship Satan down the
show she hasn't said maybe I'd like to
think she does Jack is Swiss Iron Man
close to being your personal movie of
the year also has rich seen it if so did
he enjoy it you know familiar with it
though sounds fun so far like just off
the top of my head yes favorite movie
this year a lot of fun watching it
really well made
missed a Varun's says i'm struggling
through season 1 of Luke Cage and also
going through season 1 of Jessica Jones
I just can't stand the lead in Jessica
Jones to me she has the charisma of Matt
Salinger I whoa whoa whoa whoa walk well
what happened I didn't - I just moved
Oh wrong button click no I don't think
so her glitch it didn't cost me
fortunately but that was some bullshit
that was some major league bullshit I'm
sorry I hate this there's an abyss
glitch like for what it sees me through
the fucking door hmm
god fucking XCOM I love and hate you an
equal measure you can tell you can tell
we're talking about Supergirl the TV
show and and yeah season 2 is way better
Superman shows that he's a great super
cool I was a great shot man
so here's the thing about jessica jones
lacking charisma
I mean her character is kind of a bitch
and so I can see being put off give
jessica jones some time once you get
into the story especially once oh god
what's his name the doctor David Tennant
okay oh wow doctor as soon as David
Tennant shows up and the actual
backstory supports asleep which give me
a fucking heavy an assault oh your love
is so obvious 4x come um and I'm not
saying that sarcastically choking wait
we've all played this game at this game
like this where you just know it's the
dice rolled and sometimes the dice
aren't with you next time give it an
ex-con oh hey early game you really need
those heavies and assaults I see you
chat and you
no you want rich to rename I don't know
you know that's up to rich all right
here we go give me anything a fucking
dick even care just give me a fucking
name so we can shut these people's like
up says you woke my cat up and I'm
wearing headphones
that's sad za 80s because he woke his
cat up boom also lupus AAA
how's that that's perfect perfect and
the next one named lupus also lupus this
time it's lupus no I like also to and
also lupus I can't use it we can't use a
randomizer thing right now because it's
on the other thing if you want to
alt-tab and use the randomizer ther all
right what do we got what do we got
that's fine it's fine just pick a name
okay how about some face oh sure that
guy give me the support that I'm never
gonna use because it's a support Chet
Chet to the ant eater the ant eater Chet
to the ant eater all right who's this
other person that I'm never going to use
because they're a support who wants to
not be used in my ex con game fart Lord
Oh who else doesn't ever want to be used
in my game because there are support I'm
just saying be honest you kind of want
fart Lord on your team Matt don't you
know you kind of do great Mario Mario
says fuck supports so my marketing oh
this is fuck supports okay great
I'll save Mario Mario who else J kiddo
Jake kid oh wait Jake kid with two DS Oh
age is cool sitting around boom J kid
last name oh wait boom great one more
sniper who potentially will be you
someday but they probably won't be
levelled up enough to be useful tonight
how about seven of Borgnine these are
just the names I see as as riches ask
inform great riches laugh is not
affected by the volume button holy shit
what have we been telling you people
rich is a voice is magic huh huh we
cannot control wit support support
support I'm so so so sorry oh right so I
guess a fair Maria will be Mario Oh a
Ference to end up on jessica jones I can
see where you're coming from as far as
her character and you know you're
thinking like she lacks charisma but
you'll get there like this story comes
together and her character makes sense
and the way she's acting makes sense it
all comes together and I feel that it's
all basically her origins are just
thrown out there right up front with the
purple man that's kind of a reveal in
the books it's a reveal on the show it's
like the first episode you don't want
that to like near the end of the run of
the
look what her backstory is and in the
comics
that's like wait what that's like the
last leg of alias is just that she was
with the purple man like he does not
mention till later on and you know
something happened to her but you don't
really know what oh but that's not the
important backstory in Jessica Jones
yeah the important backstory is what
happens laters point no spoilers but
with problem with the purple man you
know he's not mentioned at all early on
in the books that doesn't matter that
doesn't matter
shit you know everything that it you
know that you know what tragic backstory
like in the first episode not you don't
one you don't know the full scope of
hurt Reds
okay okay the the grandness of the scope
is revealed later on and then you have
the specific event that's the big turn
okay in in the TV show and that's the
important part but no like the the slow
unveiling of the scope of purple man's
villainous is is I think done handles
very well and and that kind of explains
why what's the actresses named you know
anybody's name she's something ritter
yeah okay but in any case I think I
think like oh yeah okay I had a button
oh I had a vibration that caused me to
hit a button oh that's true what Ren JB
anyone who's a twitch prime subscriber
make sure you you renew that twitch
Prime subscription to us or to any
twitch streamer that you feel like
supporting as you get a free
subscription every month it doesn't have
to be us but if it is we appreciate him
responsible by me bone store more go to
Al and shedder says Jack now that it's
Christmas time is upon us how do you
respond to the inevitable buy me bone
storm or go to hell you'll soon be
hearing from your kids thrill house out
yeah you know we we usually keep
Christmas pretty small at our house and
you know we have something we got
grandparents around and aunts and uncles
they they get plenty of toys and I'm
just perfectly okay telling them no at
all times mm-hmm and that is so
important to any parent out there you
want some parental advice be really
comfortable saying no that's all you
need cuz you know what if you're
consistent don't listen and yeah you
know like we always offer our offerings
to Lucifer around us and we find that
the Dark Lord provided and that's the
important part and more so he doesn't he
doesn't just give us stuff the Dark Lord
who tried to bring knowledge well let's
see humanity here's the great thing
about the Dark Lord Lucifer is he
doesn't just like give us gifts he
explains to us how to work for them
properly through knowledge and training
and that's where I think Lucifer's real
strength time grants for ants oh you're
fucking kidding me what happened what
happened and what does it mean some
panic level bullshit if I don't want to
lose a country I've gotta do the France
mission for scientists I have enough
scientists I really need a fucking heavy
and I really need fucking engineers and
yet Paris is gonna go fucking nuts and
they lose Paris and fucking Russia if I
don't do this mission oh oh this is some
horseshit anonymous says Jack you should
really check out the get down on Netflix
I do want to it looks great a mythic
saga of the late 70s New York and the
birth of hip-hop and disco told through
the lives of told through the lives and
music of South Bronx kids yes I do
that it looks fun looks like something I
do want to launch early days of hip-hop
and disco the get down uh Netflix
original the blaze have you heard of the
bureau XCOM declassified
yeah it's mediocre at best read spoilers
and the story just obnoxious not doing
to it great
anonymous is Jack every season of every
Marvel Netflix show is without fail two
to three EPs episodes too long trim the
fat out of those thirteen EPS and make
it ten like Fargo or ash vs. Evil Dead
nice and tight thirteen has too much
filler possibly which by thirteen month
there and Marvel Netflix shows have
thirteen episodes
okay and they're saying you know they
they're they're noticing a trend aboard
maybe it's a little too fat trim it down
to ten like other other shows have been
doing to get a nice tight ten probably
definitely really watch daredevil for
the Marvel shows I had no issues season
one then I got I didn't finish watching
season two but I didn't get there were
close to ten episodes either I just got
distracted by other things like and
never came back
i think jessica jones is great i thought
i i don't think the problems with
daredevil were pacing you know like i
don't think that my problems was
daredevil was fat and my problems with
luke cage wasn't fat like they're my
problems were a lot deeper than just
bloat so but you know there's nothing
wrong with with ten episodes that
Westworld was ten episodes and those
were fucking tight ten episodes so i I
guess what I'm saying is maybe I don't
think bloat was their problem
but some bad characterization of course
if they went you know what if they went
down to ten episodes they could have
some budget for some decent action
sequences maybe cut three episodes out
daredevil did fine with action sequences
daredevil did I'm thinking more of a
okay that's not the budgets problem then
if daredevil could pull it off with
thirteen episodes I'm pretty sure
Westworld season one is longer than ten
hours there's ten episodes doctor smoke
trees ziggety I disagree I thought Luke
Cage was was mediocre mediocre I thought
it was I thought it was weak
Wow you came out of nowhere Oh stinky
McFly we did do a Mario maker stream we
made some episode we made some levels we
played some of your levels and had a
great time check it out on our YouTube
channel check it out hey it's up on our
youtube check out our hyperlinks I
thought maybe I'm getting to it I'm
getting to it I'm catching up on tips
jano hey bad news and shoes confirms
Westworld was 10 episodes but a couple
of them were longer than an hour so it
was it like eleven and a half total
hours but yes 10 episodes
oh right element 7 2 3 1 you know
actually before I go into that the other
weird thing is Luke Cage is was the only
Marvel Netflix show to also be produced
by ABC Studios ok and I wonder if that
had any negative effects negative
effects on its on its production because
ABC just doesn't know what the fuck
they're doing maybe that's part of why
networks are dying marvel's agents of
shield is a pretty weak show also
produced by ABC studios just putting
that out there putting that out there
anyway where was I
element 731 guy is loving the stream
rich question about ex-con yeah what
I've noticed is there are a lot of
different trainings and classes in the
game my question is why do you hate star
wars lol F my C I don't know what to do
with you people I don't know what what
to do with you people guess what you
can't do anything you can't do anything
you can't do anything with them
Anonymous's zat's was wondering earlier
if you can send in unsigned insert
slipcover with postage envelope etc and
get it signed if you forgot to ask when
you order they'll help myself open
emails read letter contact contact
contact and realtor yeah yeah yeah yeah
red letter media com and the answer is
yes send us the sleeve with a little
note asking us to sign also send you
know another thing for return postage
and we will absolutely do that for you
sad sorry if I missed you in chat but
absolutely yes but all like along with
sending that send an email saying that
you know heads up
check the mail for something like this
and we will sign it for you absolutely
absolutely maybe we've done it before
and so because we've done it in the past
I can only conclude that we will do it
in the future because the past always
exactly resembles the future every
single time without fail because we've
done it in the past and it represents
well know now we have to just discourage
it I mean geez everyone's just gonna do
it we're gonna get 20,000 requests for a
sleeve sign sleeves Oracle II it has
been easy on us and so because there's a
little time expenditure on our part
obviously if everyone decides to do jack
Packard this does not officially
represent anybody at red letter media
LLC by the way that's really true
if I haven't made it
I have no sway in this building I can't
do anything you can't get a reasonable
mixed I can't like III try to like
politely ask for a reasonable thing I
can't do that I got nothing I got
nothing here but I'll just say shit and
you guys know I'll just say shit so are
you guys going to play a review Space
Hulk Deathwing first base Hulk I've not
heard of Space Hulk Deathwing great yeah
you're right
Jack's opinions our holy representative
a previously recorded live Inca this is
true this is true I speak on behalf of
previously recorded not necessarily red
letter media send all complaints to
twitter.com slash harlech Jack's 4th
bananana s-- is showing listen I'm lucky
to be fourth sometimes I'm like sixth
you guys know that and I'm just here I'm
just here having a good time I just hang
out with my friends and watch bad movies
it's all about that's all about yeah you
can go there fuck it you're fine
Abbi you'll be fine that's probably dumb
I shouldn't want to know it
no Casper jack is not just working here
I like I guess I'm working here yeah but
you know remember I I don't actually
work for red letter media I just hang
out and and they they can't they're too
polite to tell me to leave so they just
keep putting a camera in front of me in
so far maybe you'll be embarrassed
enough to go and I just
haven't and so I like their they're
really bad at confrontation Jay and mica
and so they just said I just let it go
it works out for everyone
ah where were we
I Eve on May says speaking of Satan
versus Santa remember the dead children
joke and how it was said he had a castle
in the sky oh yes there are two other
castles you missed implying that it was
a kingdom in heaven and the kids were
dead okay great great that was such a
weird movie yeah
that's Santa vs Satan movie yeah that's
great
that was great Jack I hope at least they
give you free beer sometimes some
they're more left in life this is not
sometimes there's beer here this is
there's no be here today I was kind of
hoping for a beer but sometimes there's
beer and sometimes there's energy drinks
they used to buy me like lunch but now
they've stopped that to like you know
you come from you come here for a best
of the worst and I don't get paid to be
on best of the worst I literally that's
just me showing up yeah and like they
used to be like hey we'll get Jimmy
John's and you know get you a sandwich
all right yeah how's that work for a
sandwich that's fine
they've stopped that now and so I think
yeah we're getting we're getting too
familiar you need to request a sandwich
I need to request the same when we film
our Christmas episode ball-ball do you
know what the theme is I don't know
don't they'll miss ridiculous so tell me
I'm excited
less less unless they've changed their
mind I came up with something with him
but unless unless they they've gone back
on it I wasn't cuz I wasn't here last
year for Christmas Canon Christmas yeah
it's I'm excited than that I don't know
if like if we talked about
the posters well where did you run where
are you going wait I saw you click over
the Oh he did he thinks I'm on the roof
that's fine it's fine okay it's fine you
clicked on the roof
Jackie me to unionize did I tell you
about the the poster the Disney poster
have we talked about that oestrogen no
oh don't know if we talked about that
stream to give you an idea of the very
casual business relationship I have with
red letter media you know that the
poster that is now for sale the Disney
fied best of the worst table with with
my likeness on it was is a really
wonderful thing made by a Disney
animator and Mike and Jay decided to
you know get prints and then sell it
which is great they actually didn't ask
for my permission to sell that poster
which totally has my face on it
which obviously listen I'm here and it's
not it's it's very much not a big deal
but that's like an idea of the casual
relationship the casual business
relationship we have here at red letter
media Jack's face is like six pixels in
size right they already own they don't
own my likeness like I've never that's
the funny thing like I've never signed a
waiver mm-hmm so like probably with a
little work I could get every best the
worst I've been on taken down they
obviously I wouldn't do that yeah yeah
the internet would turn on you huh the
internet would turn on you with a fury
if you tried to do that oh my god I'm a
fury rich obviously I would never ever
do that finally an assault Jesus Christ
it's in your contract they also on your
DNA but that's the thing I don't have a
contract what else am i doing with my
likeness that's the real thing I'm
kool-aid
I'm not doing anything with my likeness
so it's fine maybe Jack wants to sell us
like this right I could maybe I don't
know what's with the Ireland poster with
you on it right that's that's what I'm
saying it's and so like one night I come
in here for the stream and rich is like
hey check out the new merchandise this
is before they made the merchandising
video that's funny face on it and then
like you know obviously it wasn't big
deal and like a week later we're in here
to shoot a best of the worst and Mike
shows me the posters and Mike and then
all the sudden Mike comes up with a
realization like you know I never asked
if we could you know sell this to be for
at least he thought of it eventually oh
yeah he thought of it ACK after he
thought of it after they made the
advertisement selling them and already
after he sold a whole bunch of them if
you know it's great that you didn't have
a problem with it cuz we would have had
to have bought a lot of white out a lot
of white out it's just funny it's just
funny sometimes implied contracts are a
thing and I probably couldn't get you
know thinking legally I probably
couldn't get the best of the worst taken
down because there is a implied consent
decision that's what it's called implied
consent when you know you are being
filmed
yeah so obviously I'm sitting down in
front of cameras
it clearly doesn't bother jack now that
is talking about it no it really doesn't
so it really doesn't bother me it's just
funny it's just funny because like a lot
of times like we'll get that like
questions about like oh you know your
work and the work you do for rent
immediately yeah I do work for the real
bands as I was driving and the oncoming
cars hit a deer I braked as the deer
came somersaulting towards my car it
stopped so close I could you see it over
the hood and then it popped up and ran
into the woods oh well you know no
that's good like deer are giant and if
you hit a deer going highway speeds
it will fuck up your car yeah yeah
they're huge and muscular and your car's
totaled if you hit a deer yeah it's
terrifying it's terrifying so at least
at least you didn't hit a deer direct on
real fam 3:54 Jack seeing the pokemon
theme no because it's in my head way too
much as it is I'm very sorry I've sung
it before I want to be the very best
like no one ever was you know to catch
Adam is my tricked I caused all that oh
that means this means nothing
well that's the thing absolutely nothing
to me though I will travel across the
land searching far and wide yeah sure
sure that's inside Pokemon gotta catch
em all you know it's my destiny all that
stuff to anonymous says D&D; stream
probably um no I've never dd-did yeah
it's just it's just right
probably not gonna happen
sirens that said which is better or
worse DC films ignoring the television
universe 100% or Marvel keeping their
television Netflix universes at such an
arm's length it might as well be
separate which is worse
neither are worse do you really want the
DC movies infecting the air overs well I
think the hope is that the the fun-ness
of the air averse would infect the DC
movies I don't I don't know the Marvel
TV shows and movies really need to
crossover desperately they don't need to
the the thing I have heard that made a
lot of sense to me yeah
was Kevin Feige the the mastermind of
all of this what he has said officially
about the television people crossing
over into the movies is how much screen
time do you think they're gonna get he
said do you really want to see Jessica
Jones walking in the background of a
shot like people do people do people do
but he but you know what he says is that
character is not going to get the time
they deserve that's why they have their
own show they're not gonna get their
time in the movie and for me personally
I think it's a bigger insult them
keeping an arm's length in a shared
universe DC they they got their TV
universe they got their movie universe
fright more insulted that the popular
flash has been replaced and is not the
same flash in the movies that's a bigger
insult that is a bigger insult to me
like that makes sense like here's here's
our line we have a line in the sand
Marvel says no there's no line in the
sand they're just over there they're
just gonna stay over there in their
corner okay so not everybody needs to
compulsively cross over all the time all
right but hey that's fine I'm not saying
they need to compulsively cross over but
they are in
same you sure it's a big universe it's a
really big universe it's not a small or
very universe that's in New York don't
pick New York is fucking big New York is
I guess you know and how many of the
Marvel movies took place in New York
yeah one big two then the Avengers had a
major section in New York and then the
second event in New York mostly I took
place in like it was the Africa Sikh
wasn't in Slovakia what were they in New
York they're in the building they're
gonna run in a daredevil when they're in
their own fucking building yeah that's
our data but patrol was something where
meetup would be very very likely
oh right it'd be very oh okay yeah I
mean you could say The Avengers but then
those characters in the TV universe
didn't really exist yet right so okay
that wasn't a daredevil yet we're gonna
spider-man in New York okay probably
hanging on he guess what he showed up in
Civil War what do you mean what do you
mean well but I mean he'll be like in
Daredevils hood also like it but and
also in their own TV shows like there's
very little intermingling and then you
have the and then you have this whole
agents of shield side of it who like
this main shield crew barely interacts
with the movie crew which again is fine
I understand it there are entire groups
of friends living in Wisconsin yeah that
us and our group of friends we have
never run into or never really yeah like
we maybe you want past people we're
friends we'd haven't fit they didn't
mean anything to us
it's a big city it's a big universe they
don't have to cross over mmm they don't
have to it's fine it's fine I think it's
a far better thing that the DC Universe
the cinematic universe is not ruined
what a lot of people enjoy in their TV
universe
you know these things are separate maybe
that's a good thing okay and it's
fucking engineers badly fucking badly
alright anonymous rich dumb question
you know what doesn't fuck it I recently
started managing add an ER Bert's and
Gruber's the fuck isn't herbart Sanger
Bert's sandwich ah okay never before I
vaguely recall you grabbing a sandwich
pre stream curious do you there's no
like a single one place is that the
deals like a small chain okay
Herbert's and gir birds not Herbert's
Berbers with an e Herbert's
sure sure of course raffinate like
definitely definitely okay siren says
says do you think Tony Stark will be the
Uncle Ben figure in spider no because
then he would have to die he's still got
a couple movies to make yep even though
it's incredibly unlikely how awesome
would it be if he died in the spider-man
film I can think of he's gonna be more
akin sorry go finish her thought I just
had a light one off
oh yeah I was just gonna say well I I
think I think the only people that would
be sad if he died there would be Robert
Downey jr. and Kevin Fuji because he's
making a lot of money obviously their
personalities are different but I think
it's gonna be more akin to Nick Fury in
the ultimate spider-man books yes that's
gonna be more the relationship yep he
will be the the the wise old veteran
trying to teach this young buck how it
works yeah
real world yes and you know what that
worked an ultimate spider-man pretty
well yep I worked pretty well and
ultimate spider-man opened up
spider-man's world a little bit
two missions four kills two missions two
kills all in Mario Mario we need to
level up no Tony is not the doc connors
beautiful landing
Oh God without without a training school
it's gonna be a slaughter he who blinks
I have shoveled twice today rich has
shoveled once but a big once I also I
have to shovel tomorrow morning
because it's it is no more since my to
shoveling today may look into getting a
snow blower you should probably get a
snowball just get one off hand rich do
you know your GPU CPU mobile boo God no
not off the top of my damn head great
there you go very meticulous when I pick
them out and now after the fact me you
know what they're in there and they're
working yeah they're in there in the
organ that's all that matters
anonymous says rich is right if Kurt
Russell was in the movie it counts no
matter the age well we're really just
catching good stuff I was just catching
up just like a half an hour ago we
stopped talking about Kurt Russell a
while ago listen if Kurt Russell didn't
sign the contract that's not a Kurt
Russell movie if his parents put him in
the movie that doesn't count
Jack you say you like the you like Kevin
Kline oh shit what thin men you're not
ready for thin men no I got a tiny squad
Jack you say you like kevin kline I
don't know if I've ever spoken about
kevin kline but yes he's a fine actor
Dave you see Dave I'm thinking once only
once kevin kline played a presidential
body double and then the president died
and he had to assume the role of the
president great movie
fucking great movie Dave kevin kline is
great have you seen a Fish Called Wanda
yeah the Fish Called Wanda is a
fantastic comedy and fierce creatures I
haven't seen that one and please do and
also turn up the OMG don't start with
David start with a Fish Called Wanda
both are great I can't get you out Fish
Called Wanda is arguably better because
it has John Cleese in it I can't get
this and everyone likes that the camp is
great you know why Sigourney Weaver I
can't put her behind half cover because
she'll be dead because those are thin
men Sigourney Weaver playing a camera
lady get her fucking out oh this is a
nightmare
fucking night Meredith yeah they had to
be the first thing I fucking ran into
before anyone else is in any kind of
covered that that was that really
necessary ex come fucking christ
generations like an old accountant
he helps Dave manage the White House he
helps Dave manage America's books great
sometimes jackdrury her choice yes rich
and I are in two different worlds I
don't understand a lot of XCOM but I'm
just here talking about Dave Sigourney
Weaver versus Jamie Lee Curtis that's a
good that's an important question
fearful sludge boy I'm going Sigourney
I'm not gonna survive three three Thin
Man shots I'm just not there's no way I
can kill any of them though
this is gonna go very badly very quickly
and dead not close enough for me to get
him out of there with him nope she's
dead and panicked which is young I might
try and sprinter to the evac point this
is why I am never going to have a
deathless classic run through because
then Megan's type here he says if only
you had a support to cure him there was
one turn that would have been time
anyway
right oh now they're all panicked all
right well this is just done this is
done Jack my family has talking dead
blasting in the next room and it's
torture fuck the host and his shit
eating desperate grin fuck the audience
laughing - this nom MIDI AMC is Cancer
Network
I think that's weird
I'll tell you what the talking dead but
that's what people like you know it's
the talking did is a show that is just
that is just there to talk about the
episode of The Walking Dead that appears
before it and it's weird to me that that
exists but
hey uh also I will never talk bad about
Chris Hardwick he's a good guy
he's a good guy he's hosting he's doing
his chick his podcast is very good he
was he was in a video and that I made
and I asked him if he would be in a
video I made and he said yes and so he
was officially a good guy as far as I'm
concerned he he shared the bowling
trickshot video I made a while back and
it did very well we made another bowling
trickshot video out in Los Angeles and
asked him if he would kindly be a part
of it and he was so so I think you
weren't you ain't gonna find me talking
any shit about Chris Hardwick he's an
alright dude to me he's an all right
there I like the Nerdist podcast they
get good kiss yeah boom but yeah I think
it's weird that they have a talk show
dedicated to talking about the episode
that disappear buddy if you're if you're
really into a show that's exactly what
you're looking for yeah like just like
hey I just watched an amazing thing I
want to hear people talk about that
amazing thing now so I think it's weird
but I get it
how dare jack vouch positively for Chris
right yeah how dare I
oh my god yeah
you're so fucked I know I knew when I
saw this ma'am
yeah I've seen @midnight a couple times
and I think that's an all right show
I think that's all right there being get
her out of there maybe I can't never
seen that no find you jack write down
these non Marvel DC comics Edyta
suggestions okay I will say them out
loud as I write them to a turkey burger
too
give me one second here to get to my
read list right we have a mega hex mega
hex great X damn phone that's strangers
in paradise where's the where's the
abort button where's the abort mission
I don't know
Prison pit pick any man stray bullets
bullets not billets Panther Panther okay
ant colony all right I was an adventure
and bookless beckus
okay written down boom I'm done I'm done
alright let me just catch up on what am
i thoughts on the West world I thought
it was a fine first season I really
recommend it and some good sci-fi sand
some good twists and turns fine acting a
lot of really unsexy nudity which I
always find hilarious
yeah because like you know they're
Androids yeah the brothers are they're
robots not anchors they're they're just
full-on robots but the humanoid-looking
and so whenever like the techs are
working on them they're just sitting
there fully nude and it's never like
flattering nudity they're just like
sitting there with with the bits
flopping all over the place it's great
but I really like it I really like
Westworld then I really
and the seasons overnight so you can
binge season one and it's really great
anthony hopkins is beautiful and
everybody's really great Cyclops the
same hey guys
you're glad you're still alive since
turbo Jesus did either of you hear about
the dinosaurs feathers that were all
some chunk of amber if so how packed are
your bags for real-life Jurassic Park
they can't get DNA from them if they've
already explained this but it's really
awesome and fuck Jurassic world for not
having feathered dinosaurs and listen
it's it's it's a fucking fact it's it's
a fucking fact here's the fun he was a
great thing about science is like we all
get to change what we thought dinosaurs
were now it was beautiful I think we get
to change shame on Jurassic world for
prolonging the incorrect view sure they
could have they could have done work to
actually make feathered dinosaurs that
looked really cool cuz I've seen and I
was disappointed by feathered dinosaurs
as a concept so I saw some like just
some artists renderings that were just
oh that's funny beautiful they could be
they could have looked great
yeah but didn't want no scaly green
stuff maybe get it maybe maybe for the
second one no it's too late it's too
late jack fucking too late too fucking
late one really op badass one really
badass one tyrant ed are you more
excited for Ridley Scott's alien
covenant or more disappointed that Neil
Blomkamp's sequel the aliens will never
happen I'm not convinced the Neil
Blomkamp aliens would have necessarily
been great I think maybe just leave that
well enough alone here's the thing about
Neil blumpkin Niblick okay it's got one
super great movie
district 8 yeah district 9 yeah not this
whatever he's got one alright movie
the Matt Damon the robot one chappy not
well that then and he's got one question
of a month okay
chappy okay the Matt Damon fights for
like equinox what's it called chats
gonna tell me in like two seconds
because you're always way up on him
what's this Matt Damon movie Elysium
thank you that was close with equinox
that's an alright movie then chappies
kind of mana so Blomkamp's record is not
spotless I am much more looking forward
to another Ridley Scott movie by the way
the dinosaur feather yeah
thanks for for there chestnut brown
white and then I can they're great we
know what color for a fucking dinosaur
chestnut brown and white yeah sure
camouflage everything else the woods
brownish I like it
tired and sad said is there a game that
is completely flawed and aggravating
that you still enjoy playing for me it's
alien versus Predator evolution on my
tablet which is terrible but I still
really like it I don't know about that I
can tell you that XCOM isn't flawed it's
absolutely brilliant but aggravating to
play sometimes early early thinman not a
downed UFO but a full UFOs is gonna have
the full complement of aliens and I
couldn't even get a fucking officer
training center out of the game yet
because I didn't get a counsel mission
in month one which is always a pain in
the ass because you know you need those
resources early on yeah so I got I get I
had a five man crew but I didn't put it
in the the whole extra mission worth of
training that have been a little bit
more leveled up the orangey guns were
now if they were not now with that
mission nope nope alright was almost
fucking supports I couldn't get fucking
heavy to save my life that heavy if I'd
to havanese on that mission it would
have saved my fucking life fucking it
support there's your support nigga off
the pork congratulations oh thanks
jackass what if you just said all the
supports on a mission and they can
heal each other yeah that work on that
person it should work to heal she died
that turn anyway I would have done any
ating game called-- fucking infuriate
you okay I'm sorted feathers that's your
punctuation like here's my race let's
calm and dinosaurs had feathers fuck
everything else what we're talking about
final exam and semester over says gig
child UK I plan on binging some shows
West world and Mister robots are on the
list also see the trailer for War of the
Planet of the Apes scene fantastic
beasts Bucky's arm is vibranium haven't
seen fantastic beasts no interest I'm
not a Harry Potter fan I have not seen
any of the new Planet of the Apes movies
no have you no no you know that I could
do justice yeah it's gonna be terrible
I've heard no you're there all right
like the new one this might be I don't
know don't care I don't care it up to
see them that's a problem I not care I
can not care about the new Planet of the
Apes I've heard they're all right I
don't care so no I have not seen the
trailer I don't care about the trailer
and fuck care it's just what's the
status then of the Tim Burton ones that
just non-existent is that Oh kinetic
canonically yeah and how does that
relate to the newer ones where is is
this this is like the second Planet of
the Apes cinematic reboot yeah
well that well this isn't a reboot this
is a prequel also a reboot because the
original Planet of the Apes movies show
how the Planet of the Apes happen they
did that they did that in those movies
well first the first movie didn't but
they made like they made like four of
them back in the day planet of the games
which was conquest of the if those the
last one I think kind of close to the
aims this for Planet of the Apes movies
okay nobody yeah I remember I mean I
know they exist I think I've only seen
the first versus the one
oh no it was earth all along you
bastards blew it up then the second one
she saw is another astronaut he's
looking for Charlton Heston perfect and
then they did to the ape survivor but
they go back in time and we see kind of
the birth of Cornelius uh this is how it
all starts and as the fourth one was
this is mom how it starts is how it's
getting out of hand so this is a prequel
reboot this is a very specific reboot it
has no connection yeah you can't call it
a prequel to the originals because the
originals did the same shit
well it's minor did it differently but I
mean we saw how the Planet of the Apes
happened in the original 60s films
what if it's 60 70s what if it's a
prequel to the original one and a reboot
of the sequels Oh what what because like
I said the sequels were prequels and
none have anything to do the Tim Burton
movie because everyone hated it Mark
Wahlberg fuck'em is Mark Wahlberg by the
way I finally I finally understand the
whole thing with a timber crumb I mean
we're talking about Tim Burton and his
new movies and he's not really Tim Burt
there's two exam birds yeah Tim Burton
and Tim Bertrand I didn't really
understand at first because I haven't
seen any like any of his recent stuff he
doesn't have it I haven't really like
Charlie the Chocolate Factory didn't see
they care to see what was that one
strange students or something is
peculiars house for the strange whatever
it was she wanted to see that like Oh
we'll go see it yeah now I'm when the
timber Tron talk was going on during the
discussion way back and today I always
thought the whole thing was his his
Styles just been can wash rinse repeat I
thought that's what was going on like it
wasn't more Tim Burton fatigue yeah no
his that movie did not feel anything
like a classic Tim Burton movie and
feels like it was just directed by
someone else it's strange I didn't
understand until I saw that cuz you
haven't seen any of his new great that
he's just a different director now it is
literally someone wearing a Tim Burton
Mass I thought the issue was he just got
so unders routine it was old
no it's just yeah Wow they have they no
longer have the charm
no wonder know that his movies used know
someone found a Tim Burton wig and has
been fooling everyone for the past 25
years I really just assumed it was
people got old of his shtick I just know
he'd be lost his check yeah wow you
really did he really did rich tired sad
said who's your favorite cinematic Bruce
Wayne boom that's like you yeah Bruce
Wayne well Bruce Wayne Bruce Wayne this
is really splitting fuckin hairs isn't
it here's the thing we didn't see much
of a flex Bruce Wayne really I guess I
guess I would have to give it to Michael
Keaton we get him at a party Michael
Keaton my gut tells me Michael Keaton
yeah my other gut my my worst gut kind
of likes Clooney you know why cuz
Clooney's kind of really a real-life
Bruce Wayne I mean he's George Clooney
he's he's a he is a rich playboy
philanthropist
that's literally what George Clooney is
and in that movie he plays George
Clooney be with me on this one not I'm
not I'm not no no Michael Keaton is the
correct choice he would be on this one
ready because like Michael Keaton plays
it quirky he's a little off but he's
like you can tell he's for money a
little bit of an outsider and loner he
plays a great George Clooney is a
millionaire playboy philanthropist
he's also George Clooney right if there
is anyone who could be Batman it might
be George okay here's here's why that
doesn't work okay
George Clooney is sincerely a
billionaire playboy yeah at least a
millionaire playboy
has billion yeah he has a lot of money
Bruce Wayne persona is a lie and George
Clooney playing it it's just way too
sincere it doesn't feel like a facade
George Clooney is only Bruce Wayne if
Bruce Wayne really was an aloof
billionaire playboy that's so true just
not acting this is one thing I'll give
Christian Bale props on I hate
everything else about his Batman wait he
did the the insincere though I'm just a
fuckup yeah he did that he did do that
they put in some work with yeah all
right all right that's all for us George
Gray who's too happy to be Batman like
we're talking about Batman though we're
talking about Bruce Wayne talking about
Bruce Wayne
and Bruce Wayne has to put on a front to
hide the fact that he's Batman yeah
which is why you know in my head that's
because Batman is the more honest
persona right Val Kilmer wasn't too
awful no he wasn't he wasn't he was not
too awful but he's also Val Kilmer and
it's just like come on what the fuck
does that even mean al Kilmer is a very
strange actor to me okay never much
cared for his face don't you feel that
way about Val Kilmer where you just
don't like to look at him oh I don't
think about Val Kilmer enough to have
that opinion opinion about that wasn't
what the fuck's going on all right all
right we're gonna read the sub-games is
what the fuck is going on right hey look
it's all the people who sometimes to us
during the stream the eggplant and Brad
bread is a geek midnight Andy 14 months
in a row the CAF 84 pimento Cabbage
Patch 23 fucking months in a row
umberto Cabbage Patch says Phoenix right
soon yeah we forgot we fucking forgot
shit happens
we forgot chef Hathaway talked with five
Bunga ugh 27 fucking months in a row
Hays or is but two eyes aren't a fair
enough mud run 17 months in a row says
big billowy buttholes
why is use of your money
why is wise use of your money customer
says I for one welcome our new computer
overlords may our limited time on this
celestial simulation be full captain swc
Godfather 42 with twenty three fucking
months in a row 23 what sounds really
meant for me I got probably got a 23
what yeah I think I'd like actually that
one end the AIDS yeah and the eighth and
I was looking over and I could sense
your movement so I was thinking of not
saying yes but then I didn't why I do I
didn't want to be like be full of and
then nothing and pick up on it so I
think about lost in technicolor 29
fucking months in a row says huzzah
uncool aid man for twenty six fucking
months in a row all I want for Christmas
is more streams from these hack frauds
it's important to set realistic goals
whispering mol befo Potamus just the
first no there's another one there's a
couple longer maybe even yeah 30 months
in a row just just 30 I mean but I like
puts a lot of way down 30 then lose the
fucking when I had 3000 we're doing a
new one for about 36 right little cross
that bridge when we come to it but I
think from now let's look at the fucking
we're not losing their fucking there's
still get a good fucking but around 30
months 30 jjg Kerr so there's 11 months
of quality entertainment keep up the
good work you hacks a twilight of the
Gods webs the web Denso washington two
days from retirement says keep up the
great work mr. shields e hometown markup
28 fucking months in a row by sánchez
the raw the raw oh yeah the head it
talked about it grass put all to banks
twenty three fucking months in a row
death John no zero machine gun funk
friendship
Kerber yes Timothy Jager says huh same
with anniversary meet you monster for 20
fucking months in a row you monster says
thank you guys for the last 20 fucking
months of entertainment worth every
penny
Connors Homer Jr Geritol follies
gobbledygook s-- for 28 fucking months
in a row gobbledygook says you fucks
Walt hisin beard 26 fucking months in a
row
while Heisenberg says I shaved thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do so
