Nov 30, 2016
Dishonored 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/108528566
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/108980401
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TSJt9hpt9s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQoc7ZOFNvo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/804095402286993415

[Part I]
rid of this dream the snake it's not
it's not emulated properly
what do you mean stripped oh my god we
started it
let's help everybody I would doing hi oh
I guess I should have changed the
settings before starting the stream you
don't know you gotta do that no I'll do
it not a big deal well you know I got to
bind my little matchup I got a bind my
Chuck so I figured you know I tell
people we're gonna start we're starting
or here now we're gonna play Dishonored
I after editing the episode I spent
literally all day yesterday finishing
the Edit I was I was editing for
approximately 15 hours yesterday because
I really needed it to get it done last
night because I have a bunch of other
work I need to do and it's editing it
and watching all the gameplay footage
just really made me want to play it
decided to more so so you're going for
like a super stealth perfect ghost run
all right I could see how you're
thinking about that like a lot of people
want to do that their second playthrough
I'm actually gonna do a murder everyone
run okay not just the soldiers any
civilian I see I won't murder if I can
murder the shopkeeper are you gonna over
them are you gonna like rescue people
before someone else can murder them so
you can murder them yourself absolutely
okay that is my plan that is absolutely
my plan I I'm also going to do a no
powers
so no powder no powers all murder no
powers all murder all the time Shaboom
be it's like a Jeffrey Dahmer run sure
I'll think yeah alright we are already
set to low our visuals are already set
to low let's just double-check if
they're still there great
and we need to we need to run the game
at low or else it crashes with OBS yes
yeah Joe just four people in the chat
who well I saw some comment something
really like you know how did it run I
heard it read like crap did you notice
anything here's the thing though here's
the problem with that yeah and maybe
this is a mistake on our part but our
computers are too good you you build
that nice new one yeah and I have the
one that's pretty nice yeah
if there is a problem we're less likely
to notice I suppose I suppose you're
right I wonder if we need an average
computer just to check shit like that
it's important when you're buying a game
it's so different for everyone's
computer and it's like you just need to
check because I'm sure it's like a
specific graphics card here they're
having a problem with right mm-hmm
Mao's right now
you don't need to lean you're gonna
murder everyone huh oh yeah I'm gonna
murder every well I listen I like having
it all set
Oh block oh man I'm gonna do to block
this is up to you what do you do when
you played my mouse is different than
your mouse oh I had I have I have extra
buttons near my big pads yeah and so I
had a little extra button to do that
well I got the ones with a thumb you
have just as many buttons I know but I'm
not used to phones some you know what
I'm gonna have to do get those cuz I got
the one that's programmed to escape that
might be a hard one to bind to anything
great Tolec FCT said watching your 7th
guest stream while working late at 4
a.m. left me feeling like a bashful
nomad with the only question left in my
head being which way should I go now
rich lol tryst my crypt that was from
the earlier today that wasn't for
Western are you feeling
why would I you right here oh yeah I
guess that's true I need to know if jack
knows these things what what do you need
to know jig like what do you need to
know I'm here you missed your chance you
missed your chance
so jig like jyggalag it says I need to
know if jack knows these things I know
some things okay great I think I think
we have all of the apply settings well
fuck yes apply all the settings come on
man what anything in dude all that oh
wait and then audio make sure y'all like
for subtitles to be on main dialogue
great nama says guys what is your
favorite Clint Eastwood film might as
every which way should I go now nice
shots to answer that honestly I'm quite
fond of A Fistful of Dollars and I get
you know I haven't I just haven't seen
any many of them did you know about the
Easter egg with Stilton and I forget
whose Stilton is rich is too loud I'm
I'm moving my mic away from my face wow
you are where I'm gonna put it normal
distance what's what's going on what yes
yes what hello hello my baby hello my
darling hello maverick should be fine I
just wanted to make sure hey hey okay so
here's the question rich I'm murdering
everyone and I'm not using powers I
played on medium last time I'm familiar
with first-person action games do I try
a hard murder everyone no powers enemies
are perceptive tenacious and more
dangerous in combat hi this is entirely
up to you chat what are we thinking they
want as hard as possible so you can fail
multiple times they want very hard they
want V I'm not gonna do very hard I've
done media I'll see your chicken I
I you know what I'll sing chewed it up
you're like a little chicken cheap cheap
cheap cheap cheap cheap I did hard okay
I ratcheted it up okay
I ratcheted it up one level I did hard I
did hard I I'm hard everything's hard
now worst Final Fantasy 15 damn it
where's my 998 dollar Tim you guys know
the rules if you want rich to play any
Final Four Final Fantasy game of your
choosing you
we need a one-time donation of 998
dollars yeah I will stream at least for
our stream minimum for our stream two
nights for 998 now for the low low price
of 996 you can get one for our stream
really yeah that's pretty good
every that's that's my my standard
answer every time somebody brings up
fucking Final Fantasy whatever that's
any Final Fantasy game you want I'm
playing as Emily I like playing as Emily
Thank You chicken headed fuck high
mullet captain welcome turkey burgers to
says I'm skipping all this um 40 minutes
into gremlins with commentary would you
please stop the stream for an hour while
I finish no we will sit here quietly
with the game on pause all right we're
gonna start we're gonna start and now
and then well we'll start in like I said
when I'm done talking we'll start and
then you just go we'll be sitting here
quietly while you finish your gremlins
commentary okay you can do it now
all right that assholes gone
so 25 says rich dark vision functions as
the same as the light gem and thief to
tell if you've seen and as far as being
detected on high ledges you weren't
crouched in stealth mode so they heard
you okay okay and and to be fair rich
doesn't usually record gameplay footage
yeah so I happen to have a similar thing
where I I used my gameplay footage yeah
you were talking about when you were by
the boats yeah my gameplay footage was
in the hospital and but it was very
similar so I used it I was not crouched
but I was walking above them and noticed
me and maybe that's what happened to you
I but but I just want to make sure
everyone knows just to be there to rich
that was my gameplay footage I'll say
I'll say this then okay thief makes it
very obvious how hard how loud your
footsteps are good that Clank Clank
clink or when you're when you're being
quiet it's a very soft noise I don't
recall getting that and Dishonored once
again thief has the better the superior
feedback oh I'm making big clumping
sounds maybe they're gonna hear that
it's very obvious or zero
and I still like dishonored too so
whatever way you have I'm having a
problem what is your problem
what does she grab having a mouse
problem which problems knows when I
press the the block button it takes me
it pauses what am I
is it bound properly yeah I am
oh wait you're hitting this button I got
the computer thinks that's escaped oh oh
that's why oh yeah and then we could all
tap and go into the logitech thing and
fix that no I'll just follow about it
some else okay I just wanted to make
sure I wasn't being a crazy yeah no I
I've got that because I use that all the
time just first getting it up menus
that's my menu button I'm with you I use
the thumb thing for like blocky
kind of stuff yeah okay rich doesn't
like JRPGs even though he like
blood-borne for fuck's sake yeah yeah
blood-borne is not a fucking RPG they
call blood-borne an RPG I'm assuming I
hope they're joking but you never know
you can never know okay good we're good
all right whoo here's some food
nope that's Adam is this it no what is
what did I said to you do stuff hold on
but that's gonna be a large part of of
this is just figuring out what buttons I
bound to what okay that's wrong I got
that to use shit
how about
everyone in the chat is saying it's 100%
in RPG blood-borne that action game
because with the action because you can
like level up certain stats it's yeah
RPG that's RPG elements at best sure at
best I'll give you that
I'll give you RPG elements which is
something I don't have a problem with
yeah yeah yeah
about the ski great ape
alright alright
RPGs are action games now then RPGs are
RPGs anymore technically every game you
play you're playing a role
right now we're courtroom you're Emily
yes I'm Emily you play Mario you're
Mario that's not an RPG one of the
greatest RPGs ever would be then like
the the coach edition of Madden where
you would roleplay as a football team
coach right yeah yeah
Lila is some sort of witch where's the
Royal protector no RPG elements does not
an RPG make the tower through your safe
room there was a captain earlier today
down at the docks looking for the Royal
protector find her
get out of dunwall so Dark Souls is not
an RPG labeling most games is semantics
all right yeah no I'm definitely gonna
say that Dark Souls is not an RPG
I believe that Dark Souls is not an RPG
rich why are you getting upset because
stupidity agitates me does it use a
mouse yes equal RPG hi jack hi rich if
Santa sent you a copy of final fantasy
15 what will you do with it and how many
copies would he have to send for you not
to destroy them but seriously rich Jack
Karen Raymond hello Raymond I don't know
what I would do with Final Fantasy 15
copies I mean we might play a little bit
of it but probably not and it's not Mass
Effect Andromeda that I would destroy
right we've already sided to do that but
please donate your money to an orphanage
instead yes
Children's Hospital probably nothing I
probably just throw it in the garbage
I'm being dead serious
maybe I'd trade it in I'd go to Game
Stop and I trade it in
I get like 2 bucks for it or whatever it
is they give I'm sure it's not much
for final fantasy prep yeah better than
wedding I completely go to waste
yeah I'm certainly not gonna put it in
my my machine and play the game dimitri
p says if either of you guys heard of an
amazing film called Tetsuo the Iron Man
I have not yes Tetsuo the Iron Man I've
heard the name I cannot tell you what it
is about I have heard that name yes I'm
failing already but I'm more so I'm
failing because I'm still learning the
button layout that's what I'm gonna
blame at least I'm gonna blame
I'm gonna blame the fact that I don't
I'm not super comfortable with where the
buttons are yet
well I even look at in drama 2 reviews
and videos unreleased I don't care my
car died I don't care what they do in
that universe anymore i Baines this
double zero says I am playing the money
giving RPG I also got paid today
well are my PG the money giving get it
that's my favorite RPG how about this I
should probably get the money to there's
only been top grade on my murder stuff
what something a clear turning gears
turning like you're turning nothing's
gonna come of it okay did you know my
sister was a huge fan of Final Fantasy 7
no huge fan huge fan yeah we're gonna do
a fun drop-down kill
just Alex 64 says y'all start Trek
question of the day if you could bring
one piece of Star Trek technology into
the world what would it be faster than
light travel travel replicator fully
functional androids makes the
entertainment lol pon Fahr macaque
replicator some of these some of those
technologies are like really
interconnected like I don't think like
the transporters and the Replicators
they kind of function on the same
principle I think yeah I think I think
the Replicators are kind of kind of mini
transporters only they can't like the
scan in a person's data they can just
turn energy into things okay I'm with
you faster than light travel though I
mean that that might be impossible
otherwise
oh just scientifically yeah sure sure
I'm with you yeah like you might be able
to find some way to get plentiful food
but faster than light travel might
actually be impossible and if you could
magically make a Star Trek technology be
real that's like your only chance but I
mean this is a this is a betterment of
humanity to keep a type of thing this is
free food for everyone I know I know and
I I don't I don't know I don't know as
replicator or faster than I travel
then again there's something to be said
there medical technology but era that's
one specific technology you can point to
there right
everybody's dead boom you have anything
I can steal give anything I can steal
yeah replicate the holodecks use spam
god damn you
scrolling scroll I love you guys so much
stuff though I can't read things and
scrolls the holodeck uses replicator
tech so if you wish for the holodeck
you'll get replicators as a side benefit
okay I think I think transporters
because you get all that plus the big
beaming but faster than light that's
your that's like that's your one chance
to get faster than light travel there's
there's not even a really great
theoretical way to do it right now
faster than light travel is not going to
help people that is not faster than
light travel will not help the common
man spin the globe I gotta go I gotta go
replicators that is what will help the
most people it's all about helping the
most people and so you we need to make
any of this work you need their reactor
technology to power it true you need you
need to lithium yep yep a lot of energy
you need a lot of energy we can make
that happen
again here goodies for me in here bunny
boyfriend says horror movie idea a guy
in marketing becomes self-aware that he
isn't a movie and his job alters his
reality ie Starbucks fart jokes phony
marketable pop music start following him
every whim somewhat similar to was John
Candy little delirious where he was a
soap opera writer
I wanna get hits like hit the head or
something any he wakes up in the soap
opera he writes for and the things he
writes and he slowly realizes that he
can write the things that are about to
happen delirious is fun like to remember
the party he wrote to happen and
somebody walks a deer someone goes to
get him an ice cold a deer they don't
mention he doesn't you know they just
somebody walks by the waiter walks by
with a deer and he screams out beer was
a typo oh yeah that's great
he might not even have said beer and he
might have just said it was a typo a sir
I'm here to give you your eyes cold deer
oh it was a typo
I something the other day I was building
my my new desk I bought a new desk as my
old one was beat-up no and there was
like one was on sale at Office Depot for
200 because of Black Friday sure I
bought that and I was assembling that
and while I was assembling that desk I
was listening to an audio book okay
it was listening to God I think it was I
figured what it's actually called it's
does the original of the thing the book
version like who are you now or who goes
there
oh the things that yeah the thing that
the thing is based off the book that the
thing is based off of and I listened to
that and I realized you know I've I've
now read the original novella that thing
was based on and years and years ago I
don't remember why but I saw the the
1951 film the thing from another world
which is the version of the thing that
had a vegetable monster so I've read the
book I've seen the 1950s movie I have
still not seen the John Carpenter thing
that's crazy it is crazy you need to see
the John Carpenter it's absolutely
insane but I've not read the book and
I've seen the other unseen the thing you
gotta see you've got to see this movie
rich
put away my sword again yeah doesn't
matter you know why cuz I'm killing
everyone anyway I'm getting out of here
Sean says current theory says faster
than light travel will create a huge
shock wave that travels with you growing
stronger when you drop out of your warp
bubble then everything in front of you
will die yeah but they even make that
war bottle bubble they they need
something called dark energy to actually
exist and right now it's completely
theoretical and unproven but and and you
need like an amount of this dark energy
that isn't like regular energy
equivalent to the amount of energy the
United States produces in a year oh
there's no problem I by the way I see
your comments about like the stilton
time-travel thing and I think that's
neat that that level III know I talked
very highly about the dishonor to later
levels
oh man the clockwork and the time-travel
level were just some of the neatest
things I have played recently I was
really I was really excited about them
how do you slide yeah it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter you know why were
killing people
killing people gotta get out of dunwall
gotta get up gotta get up gotta get out
of done whoa whoo gotta get out gotta
get out gotta get out hey guys I'm new
here hi welcome please can you also
review some movies like my favorite
attack of the clothes
thanks Matt nobody to kill down there my
father killed down there I'm gonna find
some people to kill gonna find some
people to kill murder all the people my
name is Emily now if you if you miss
somebody and somebody's alive are you
guys like replay the mission oh yeah we
have try to I'm gonna do my best to
murder everyone I guess I might not
murder everyone Jack chances for the
Last Guardian stream despite hating
artsy games like it yeah Jack really
likes artsy games some artsy games
what's the last card oh the Last
Guardian is the over the buzz of
what's less guardian again the big cat
thing oh no I'm really looking forward
to the big cat game get you a get you
happy right dog or whatever cat dog yeah
yeah the that's the people that did ya
Tek of the closest I'm looking forward
to the big cat dog gamer Jack really
likes those games I don't know where
you're getting your information that's
plate already games and like them yeah I
don't like games that have no business
being already deciding over already now
because we're important and games are
important and we need to go out of her
way to prove games are art by
shoehorning art in there where it
doesn't belong and isn't really
appropriate right Mass Effect was a fun
adventure series until somebody decided
that well this is the last one we're
obligated to be art to prove that games
are art and it was I was just out of
place I'm wrong
none of us I'm just not reading that
let's block again shit what's blocking
it oh fuck but Grasmick military says
semi circus to comment yeah how about ad
replicator to reprocess and dispose of
all this junk wouldn't be helpful goods
that would be almost instantly created
by the advent of replicator tech
question mark ah suppose D replicators
in Star Trek terms I don't know how much
harder it is to turn something into
energy versus turning energy into
something else
I don't really know that's an
interesting question I really I really
like that actually
graphic military officer says oh and as
far as amazing movie tech I think we're
forgetting the motorcycle from cyclone
that could you know as a side feature
create unlimited fuel from thin air
that's right let's not forget about the
important stuff here I'm changing up my
mouse settings a little bit for my
attack strategy here I've moved block to
a more prominent place
spread out and find the fugitive we're
in this with a Duke of cerca no sink or
swim there's no way to turn back now I
think the difference between art and and
bullshit yeah that's it that's an
important distinction is whether or not
you actually have something you're
trying to say or whether or not you're
just trying to be arty for the sake of
being arty right oh wow they kill you
really fast in hard mode there you go
well shit this is gonna be a lot harder
than I thought
one thing is trying to express complex
emotions and the other thing is just
trying to prove how important you are
right I might have to use my gun not
necessarily going for stealth I just
want to murder everyone I just think
it'll be more efficient to murder
everyone while you're doing hard mode oh
boy
yeah yeah I try I'm trying hard mode you
know cuz I played on medium already so
um give trying to give myself a better
challenge but your challenges the no
powers I say you go to Myrtle and murder
murder murder I suppose you're right
can I change that Jack isn't running
this is strategy vault Menace strategy
is attempt here is to kill everything
that's his goal yeah that's my only goal
he's going for an O all death run died
dick oh shit all right you're right
you're absolutely right because I'm also
gonna try to do this no power
all right can I you know restart from
the last checkpoint
can I change difficulty setting the
midway through probably Oh probably
probably in the options that's fine you
know what let's find out that you were
the one who called him a chicken freakin
korpal yeah but I was just being an
asshole yeah I didn't need to listen to
him oh here we go you can thanks medium
yes
now you can one-shot enemies with the
pistol right oh I didn't I didn't I I
barely used the pistol to freeze in my
playthrough because I was being sneaky
yeah because I was being all sneaky I
think I just need to get a little more
aggressive doc I need to numb the block
why use the pistol and slashy slashy why
don't you put it on easy pretty easy
yeah and then just just do that and run
around do it the slash slash and see how
far you get I'll probably if you prank
them pretty far let's see let's see I'm
very curious to see do it do it do it
die I'm coming for you I'm coming for
you oh look at you look at him running
away Oh
see this guy what are you going where
are you going
oh you're blocking me you son of a bitch
murder murder murder who else wants some
I'm not a helpful potion there we go
that's some good murdering right there
let's go see if we missed any secrets
yeah it's really important you look at
the murderer in secrets well I want
money
I want money
to buy bullets right okay oh that's
right I need to remember I got it I you
have the gun Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard says why a Star Trek still
considered sci-fi when it contains space
opera weirdness like telepathy working
between species that evolved in
different solar systems I'll be honest
with you that what has always bothered
me what do mean celebrity in Star Trek
telepathy yeah that has bothered you
yeah
now they clap with a but clapping a
between completely alien species oh sure
sure even Clutton even normal telepathy
bothers me
there's where's the basis for that isn't
it set up in the really did yeah they
just have flemeth oh yeah then that's
kind of bullshit to be fair yep Star
Trek's a product of the 60s and I don't
know they're still investigating this
kind of shit seriously at the time
weren't they
oh yeah I guess as late as 70s they were
climbing uri geller was the real deal
before james randi just came in and said
what the fuck are you idiots doing
he met that spoon oh my god some guy big
University they they wasn't declared
that uri geller was the real deal that's
right that's right I remember I saw that
documentary so so I'm gonna say as of
the sixties like but Spock doing mind
meld shit it wasn't it wasn't completely
out of line yet they hadn't some reason
it was still like this could be a thing
goodbye head Johnny Carson proved Uri
Geller a fraud because he called James
Randi and said James Randi I got uri
geller coming on my show what do I do
and then James Randi told Johnny Carson
while you do this this and that yeah
that is how Johnny Carson busted uri
geller what's the what's the document it
was done through James Randi an honest
liar
Hey an honest liar is a documentary
about James Randi and it's a good it's a
really good documentary mm-hmm it's
really fantastic I recommend you go
watch that and and learn the little bits
about want that to be my fuck are you
even talking about all right if you're
completely not in the know Uri Geller
yeah yeah in the 70s nev of the day he
never really stopped is a conman and a
fraud who claimed to have psychic powers
and he was really doing cheap magic
tricks and fooling a whole bunch of
people into believing that he was a
legitimate psychic James Randi is a
magician I guess for him when he's
retired a magician and a in his
retirement he decided he was gonna
debunk these kind of con artists who
claim they had real powers his II mean
he exposed them as frauds he also
famously exposed who was the the faith
healer the faith healer bob was his name
big famous faith healer he busted him
busted a number of people who claimed to
have magic powers
all hail Delilah
first up her name further performer
Empress that's right there's a guy over
missions two bunking shit goes all the
way back to Houdini yeah that's kind of
the route James ready took rich what do
you think of David Blaine any other guy
on it like like put himself in a black
ice or something he hope for like a day
big down whatever that's a stunt that's
not a magic trick but he's he's good you
know he's fun hey Blaine he does weird
shit man and I my favorite he does weird
shit oh I'll take Penn & Teller over
David Blaine anything oh yeah they're
great
hey who's the one where most of his
tricks are just all camera editing shit
it's not actual magic tricks is that
something something angel Chris angel
Chris angel oh I've never seen Chris
angel and it's not an actual magic trick
because it's just and it didn't
especially no oh is that what he does
I've never seen Chris angel David Blaine
does that crazy Street magic shit if you
if you can't do the act live in front of
a live audience
it's not a magic trick to make its if
your trick is done via like editing
tricks as part of a video no it's not a
magic trick
might be a good special effect might be
great in a film but it's not an
impressive magic trick right
hello your dad
did I hear some innocent people where
are they rich you fine I don't know I
haven't got no clue murder my name is
Emily and I'm a murder you Oh
see this guy murdered boom yes yet I
have read The Hitchhiker's Guide to the
galaxy books but the pebble fish that's
a translator I doesn't have anything to
do with telepathy but Babel Fish yeah oh
I don't think I don't recall an instance
where somebody has read somebody's mind
in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
books because of the Babel Fish the
riddle Steele says long time no watch
love the recent previously recorded why
no Garrett man though also are you
killing all these guards because they're
traitors or is this an assault run this
is an assault run jack is trying to kill
everybody not just them all the innocent
civilians to them I'm going I'm going
full psychopath Rob and I totally don't
understand your why no Garrett man
coming because I'm not Garrett man I'm
Emily
oh why you're not playing as Garrett man
Jack is Jack is playing and Jack likes
playing as girls I do I do the way the
way I see it if if I'm gonna have
someone whisper story to me throughout
an entire game I want a lady's voice to
listen to
funny boyfriend says club with he could
be considered sci-fi Klepper Lee is
basically sending and receiving some
liminal messages how how your what
mechanism what what what in your brain
beams out that could be detected green
dwarf clover white snow think of a
number between one and ten pause was it
seven
Oh like like subliminal like body
language cues kind of yes that's not
what Spock does and that's not what
counselor Troi does right she can be on
a ship and she senses something coming
that's like that's not getting
subliminal cues you watching somebody's
body language what's that what's the
there was a superhero thing I remember a
while ago where they tried to science
away telepathy yeah by like no cuz you
know like all of your body runs through
electrical impulses and so I'm really
not reading your mind i'm reaiiy m--
receiving the electrical impulses that
your brain emits yeah and so it's like i
can't really read your mind but if
you're thinking of a number there's a
certain wavelength of electricity that's
leaving my right but I don't believe
Star Trek has ever tried to science it
in that yeah not that I get nothing I
can recall right I've seen some people
try to science it as it as a general
rule whenever psychic powers start
showing up in science fiction settings
yeah that usually annoys me it doesn't
it doesn't completely ruin it for me but
it's it's york some it's erickson its
erickson yeah i guess i can see that
especially if it's trying to be a harder
sci-fi do you think if it for if they
tried to do the science of it would it
be lesser it depend upon exactly how
much it felt like bullshit sir need that
money
me I mean yummy yummy yummy yummy food
coin the riddle still says I got here
late is the magic talk because you guys
are going to turn down the outsiders
magic offer turn down for what I don't
know that's what started it but that is
the plan yeah I'm gonna do I'm gonna do
a full psychopath and no magic
psychopath and no magic
Oh wonderful found most saves something
up here probably I mean can you pick up
the thing and climb in a box or
something
insulin King 2016 this longtime viewer
first-time twat sure hi or Twitter
serious question yeah
which New York Times headline would
shock the world more cancer revealed to
be massive hoax or ground hogs day
methodology scientifically proven
probably cancer to be massive hoax would
shock the world more I'm not sure what
you mean about ground hogs day
methodology being scientifically proven
though like we know this is the same day
being repeated I don't know how that
would work yeah I don't quite understand
what yeah Jiminy Cricket prick bastard -
hey dark energy is part of the fabric of
all space everywhere that's what they
say that's what they say they don't know
this area they don't they haven't
measured it they founded they haven't
proven it at least at least as of the
last I heard which is probably two or
three years ago put to cold mirrors
close together in a vacuum and you can
generate dark energy check out Casimir
effect okay may they've proven it sends
that
exist but you still need to get a fuck
ton of it to get warp travel more than
we can produce of normal energy haha
yeah we're still working on that normal
energy all of us except for Norway did
you hear about Norway
what about normally maybe not Norway why
not one of those like ice northern yeah
European coast cold places one of those
cold places you turn down the jump down
and fall he comes over here okay for the
for the second year in a row they've
produced a hundred and three percent of
their national energy needs with like
wind power it's just like there they are
now a country that's exporting
electricity to other countries yeah you
need to start all of that that you make
in a year in one spaceship right and it
needs to be dark energy not normal
energy
you're not seeing warp travel anytime
soon channel wise says the best movies
I've seen this year have been in empty
theatres green room and Swiss Army man
what were your best movies this year I
know jack shares my enthusiasm for Swiss
Army well fuck yes was Iron Man was
great hey don't throw fucking rocks
great album - it's not nice yeah that's
what you good oh I got a head great
great I can throw a head I'm gonna throw
a head ooh someone over here is getting
a head rich
yes ready
so is work travel possible there there
is there is a theory for it
but it's it's dependent upon a whole lot
of things that are there yet or might
not exist there are too many guards
Jack use your I know the the problem is
I went all last game without using my
pistol because your pistols very noisy
and and so I am just retraining my brain
for assault is really tough and oh I'm
Way back here ethic that's fine
so just retraining my brain and and
that's tough you know like I got this
pistol here see so ignoring the question
what the great movie woman I honestly
don't go to watch that many movies to
the theater I really don't say the only
time I really go to see a movie is
usually when I'm asked to be a part of a
half in the bag oh it doesn't happen
that often honestly everyone should go
see so sorry man they said this is no
joke I don't care if you think you're
not gonna like it
no joke you need to go see Swiss Ironman
cuz it is brilliant brilliant whatever
you think that movies gonna be it ain't
bitch you are the problem
oh okay oh yeah I was gonna tell you
that rich that you are the problem
cuz I don't go to see more movies I
don't know why does that make me the
problem just in general I think you're
the problem these are a multi-billion
dollar industry they're doing fine
yeah moves are fine
now my concerned citizen I'd advise you
to return to your home
I crouched crouched just crouched again
that's Crouch shadow butch
there's just a lot of things I don't
care about seeing that's the other
problem yeah yeah absolutely and it's
just so much easier to watch them like
when you're at home or you know other
places you don't need to go to movie
theaters anymore why the White Sox rich
why not can you give me a good reason
why not why does anybody like any team
okay I've not seen a rival you've not
seen a rival no heard great things about
it is that the one with the two people
on the ship that wake up early or
something like that no that's the one
with Amy Adams and she is like a alien
translator is that what she is that's a
rival how all the girl that is in that
she's like a linguist yeah I think of a
rival I think of the Charlie Sheen 90s
in films yep boom
murder everyone there was a lady over
here what that lady go I want to murder
her oh I didn't even know I could go in
here there you are hey lady that's
passengers rich okay boom dead fucking
dead oh you're so dead hey you guy
you're fucking dead
I didn't even know you could go in here
I didn't go in here last time look at it
look at all these people I killed
nom-nom-nom-nom-nom you I'm gonna take
your money the arrival is proper sci-fi
I'll probably see it at some point that
comes to the Amazon or Netflix every one
of those very very good things about
arrival
Amy Adams she plays like a linguist I
want to say and like aliens come like
the legit aliens come and she's in
charge of figuring out like what they
want and what they're gonna say and it's
supposed to be like really oh hi and
fucking dad goodbye didn't that just
make you feel bad what just minded your
own damn business Jack walking down the
street I'm a psychopath rich she doesn't
know this this this frickin cooze going
on she just sees her queen running
towards her with a knife that's gonna be
a really confusing death it's like if
you leave the building right now and and
like Donald Trump runs that you would
like a with like a machete
oh yeah but like I'm not playing as like
disgruntled Queen this time I'm just
playing as a murderer I'm just looking
up from that way you killed the point of
view just ran at her with a knife my
lady how may i
ad well now I like it even more I didn't
even know about this area rich did you
know about this area you can go way over
here that's crazy boy some men to murder
men to murder surprising thing about
riches scenario is Donald Trump running
ah we we made that same mistake the
first time we heard about Donald Trump
running ran out of words it's fine
insulin King 2016 says clarification
Groundhog Day methodology of rodents
having the capability to annually
determine / predict me illogical
meteorological patterns the more that
more shocking than cancer hoax also
shout-out to Brad and CJ okay oh gee you
know that's a legitimately good question
because I'm gonna assume everybody in
the chat and us thought you're talking
about bilberry movie of course directed
by Harold Ramos okay so so the question
is would it be more shocking if we
discovered that cancer was a whole yes
yes I mean
that's how many deaths oh yeah everybody
already believes animals no one bad
weathers coming like the dogs acting
weird hurricane coming the birds
squawking that's the thing people
already believe that's true that's true
so yet cancer all of cancer having been
a hoax especially if you know people who
have died of cancer yes
that's shocking that would be insane yes
why are all these people dying then you
killed people for the hoax I don't get
it
does your shy smile knew what he was
talking about oh I'm sorry
okay okay rich you might like the art of
Simon Stalin AAG it makes beautiful
digital paintings of an alternate
history science fiction Sweden full of
robots and dinosaurs that sounds fun
all right I think I've murdered everyone
but now let's save it you might have to
come back here if you get to the attend
at the end does the end screen say like
how many people are more possible to
kill I don't think so just give you like
the number you killed I think it just
gives you the number you kill I'm just
gonna I'm gonna do a quick old double
check okay because now that I think you
know we're free of dudes so we're gonna
do the quick double check like can we
get upstairs here I don't think I've
murdered anyone upstairs with all this
murdering Oh little doorway look at all
that look at all the different ways you
could go in this fucking level this is
great this game is great everything
about this game has been I get up on the
roof that would be great
I said nobody likes Stalin Stalin yeah
Hitler didn't even like Stalin like the
dictator Stalin and they asked the
strangest questions jack you know this
all right anybody over here all right I
think I voted everyone we're good
what good it's known up there that's the
weird yes I recommended this game yeah
you do recommend this game me too
I love it I quite enjoyed it and do we
the only person I can't murder is this
lady aisha taylor aisha taylor over here
you can't murder cuz she's gonna look
into the phone footage festival I
believe we've heard of it I've heard of
it I love the phone footage first of all
I we missed it this year I think I think
it was like last Sunday I I just found
out about what I did not miss a person
jyggalag I did not miss a person I
checked I murdered everyone probably I
mean probably but I don't you have to do
it
she's good well murder her at the end
see what the game does okay this is a
chance to figure out things this is my
ship the dreadful wind so anyway I've
been to the phone footage festival it's
wonderful I missed it this year and this
year is in a really strange place last
year it was at Turner hall like a really
giant ballroom like ton of seating this
year it was like in the back room of a
coffee shop which is very strange they
apparently they're losing their audience
but but uh well I'm sure
if we have we played the first game you
definitely haven't I have not I played
it a little bit but the problem is I
wanted to play it when it came out my
computer was like burning it out like at
most 20 frames a second and then I wait
on it I never really just I just never
ended up getting around to doing it well
I've heard a better computer Paresh hi
chaos I reached the most lethal I can so
I think I killed everyone rich I'm gonna
say you can murder her and show her -
Sokoloff alright see like this is what
I'm looking for here see how this dotted
line is on the furthest lethal bomb yeah
I think that's the key to knowing if you
killed everyone ok so I want to say I
killed everyone I like I might have
missed the civilian I thought I remember
a civilian in that other area that could
have run away but I think I've done a
pretty good job now here's the important
part cuz this is what I'm really curious
about we're about to get spooky is
everybody ready to get spooky cuz check
this out look rich that's a wall right
yeah that's a wall but what if I go over
here still walk Oh still a wall but wait
I can't open the door
it's not a wall anymore it was really
obvious I was gonna happen based on how
much attention you put on that wall it
kind of lost all of its it shock like it
wasn't a surprise at all Jesus Christ
look at this crazy one you show us too
much attention to the wall you defeated
your own much your own purpose your own
thing
hey guy chicken look buttocks is what
are your favorite cuts of beef
how long until we see a line of mail
order rich Evans signature stinks
favorite kind of beef no no no flat out
flat out steak that often yeah yeah I
recommend it every once in a while yeah
sure sure they're never often enough to
have a favorite sheriff sure I mean you
know tenderloin is the easiest it's it's
tender its flavorful and there's no fat
on us so something like a filet mignon
is the opinion if I've always heard
though is that the filet mignon doesn't
have as much flavor it's more tender but
it doesn't have as much flavor it's like
rib eye is what it doesn't have as much
flavor as a ribeye but it still has
enough okay and with that union you
don't have to deal with the hassle of
like like a t-bone okay here we go
reject let's wait and now I want to
listen to what the outsider has cuz I'm
gonna reject his powers well porterhouse
has the play in it right you get a
porterhouse which has the bone a New
York Strip on one side you have the
filet on the other side porterhouse is a
great man I've heard that's a terrible
way to have a flame because in order to
cook the New York steak half right you
end up overcooking the filet
well that's the ups and downs but you
get the bone cooking on it and play
without Supernature policy yes doesn't
flavor depend hunt house how it is
prepared I've had all kinds of things
all kinds of crazy things
whoo oh oh I got a like running jump in
shit because I don't have my blink oh
there's something I can go through it
oh yeah well you think you still got the
pretty say huh where do you say he said
Oh another surprise so be it and Emily
was like I don't need your shit guess
what I don't need your shit
exactly that's how I want to play this I
don't need anybody shit you know what I
need my own shit no Chad I don't have a
favorite don't call me by Truman sure
Lisa's nice to see you guys live em in
England so normally listen to you while
I'm doing what Shores the next day Jack
hi Westworld hurt my head big plot holes
or me dumb lol tryst by my grave maybe
you done but but also like it's it's a
tough show actually I just watched last
week's West world and yet another twist
no spoilers I will not spoil it and I'm
watching it with my wife and here I was
all excited about like the news spoiling
oh my god this makes so much sense and
she too and yeah she's a smart lady she
was like wait what as I was explaining
like the the twists and turns wait so
your wife so okay so this person in the
chat yes I get it yeah your wife who you
say is a very smart lady yeah doesn't
get it is it possible you're
misunderstanding it in a way that makes
sense
maybe I'm making a connection I think
that is very possible right
I was little man 3 for a pair of shoes
hey get out of here I don't know I'm not
talking to you outsider I don't give a
shit about you I'm not taking your
powers and I don't want you to talk to
me dick also this fuck all these
cutscenes
why are we finally gonna discuss ash vs.
Evil Dead Season 2 probably when I watch
it I'm waiting to binge it I'm waiting
till they're done with season 2 me as
well I'm a binge ax - OH
alright let's see what we can do now all
right go for it go for it jack
don't worry I want to see what I can
upgrade oh how do I uh nonnamous says as
of tomorrow the FBI will have the power
to read every message on every computer
that connects to a given IP during a
span of time with only one judge
requiring to sign off on it that's where
we live in Nome sucks
Dmitri P says Jack I'm Jack I heard you
talking about your pothead days and the
other stream yes it sounds like you were
smoking too much so sativa and not
enough indica which relaxes the body and
does not make you paranoid I've never
heard of either of those two words
before neither man you know what you
know what I asked my drug dealer for the
the the pot man that's that's all I knew
it's possible I didn't find the right
strain I like I said I I do not look
back on my marijuana time with disdain I
had a lot of fun
mm-hmm and I hung out with friends and
we had a really good time getting high
and playing Mario Kart and being general
dickheads it was great and then I grew
out of it and guess what I still have
fun with my friends and I'm a general
dickhead so so if if you do I'm not
looking down on people
who's no pot you know yeah
it's possible that I was uh I had the
wrong the wrong pots wait I got some
runes how do I upgrade my shit there can
I not because I don't have any magic yes
I don't maybe maybe definitely sort of
but there were there were non magic
upgrade stuff that says net neutrality
is under threat the upcoming FCC is
staffed with ISP ex executives get ready
for Comcast's cock in your ass wallet
also move to Philly
so this shit never happens again that's
a shitty world we live in right now what
do you want me to say what do you want
me to say
bet it's the shitty world we live in
right now hey wait hey so Chad there
were there were like non magic upgrade
stuff like jumping higher can I not do
that stuff probably not
magic is inside yourself Jack I know
aren't the whole runes part of the magic
I don't know there but there were non
magic stuff then you can upgrade well if
you find a room see if you can I found
two of them there are two can you equip
them no then you can't use a magic you
can't use them they're magic you asked
for no magic you got no magic second
apparently nope those are magical as
well elf ooh well fuck this is gonna get
interesting it's gonna get real
interested in 
renegade an ragged Kira
says hey JnR, I know some people are
suffering of superhero fatigue yeah
that's what they say but do you think a
Batman Beyond is more likely
Myles morale spider-man
movie is likely to happen in your
lifetime
LOL, stealth fuck my shadow cock.
I like that one.
Lifetime. That's a few years in my case it's a pet
well I think Batman Beyond is more
likely because else because like I don't
even know how well Myles is doing no
Marvel is pushing the whole diversity
thing you're gonna see Marilyn Miles
Morales in our lifetime they're only
pushing it because it's selling right
now you're gonna see it but they've
already stopped like miles is miles was
part of the Ultimate Universe which
already got folded into a different
universe you got fallen into the normal
Marvel Universe he's grown in the normal
Marvin you use a popular character
you're gonna see him in a movie in a
movie yeah baby maybe possibly wait wait
I think we're gonna see a bi wait before
we see a mama I'm gonna take this back
cuz I'm assuming Sony by default has the
rights to Miles Morales right
oh good question they have the right to
Peter Parker spider-man not necessarily
my own Disney Marvel would do that a
heartbeat they would have done it
already
what well miles no Denny Marvel wouldn't
carry Disney Marvel doesn't necessarily
care about diversity
Disney Marvel alright so no I still say
Batman Beyond it was a more popular no
Batman Beyond isn't widely popular
enough there's the hardcore culty
dedicated fans small number of hardcore
fans yeah there's not there's not enough
wide popular oh you're never gonna see a
Batman Beyond live-action film mm-hmm I
mean you're never gonna see that
possibly there's far greater chance
you're gonna see Miles Morales Morales I
don't know I say Morales but
all right but because the whole
situation with Sony I don't know you
think Batman Beyond is pretty niche I
mean that was popular after after these
nice shoes
they should ask go out the street ask a
person what they think of Batman be
honor and they'll tell you they love
Bruce Wayne yeah but I think it'd be the
same if you said like Miles Morales I
don't I don't think mile like like there
have been newer diversity Marvel
characters that have been very popular
I don't think miles is the most popular
meinem there's been a push to get who
was the actor oh that was a long time
ago the guy who's gonna be uh Lando
there's rumblings for it yeah I'm saying
there was rumblings for him as
spider-man Alonso the black spider-man
movie is is in the cards future weird
future Batman that a small number of
people have heard about yeah is not I
could see the the thing is I could see
after affleck batman donald glover thank
you Donald oh yeah
that's Israeli my home I only remember
him his childish gambino that's his
rapper name okay I could see after
affleck batman there be there being a
batman fatigue like we're just done
seeing Batman
give me weird Batman hmm we're already
gonna get weird Batman Donald leopard
will not play Miles Morales when time
comes look I'm saying Authority oh he's
too old
it was already a push for it though to
get that made as though because I'm far
more likely there's bullshit fan pushes
for everything
oh that's right there's a room down here
but rooms don't matter they said the
same thing about guardians of the galaxy
rich and see how that turned out
none of marvel that was Marvel being
cocky and it worked
DC don't know what the fuck they're
doing you think they're gonna make a
Batman Beyond movie
here's then the greater question is
should they make a Batman Beyond movie
probably yeah probably I would I would
want to see a Batman Beyond Oh Jack this
was this one's big enough
this one was big enough that everyone
was talking about it the push no I
remember this this this push was a while
ago and Donald Glover is too old already
to play him I'm just saying there's
enough interest that it almost happened
once there was an there was there was a
mild internet push okay okay I mean it
almost happened fair enough
but it's far closer than Batman Beyond
you know what I like I guess I will be
grudgingly agree with you but maybe so
maybe it's just me wanting a Batman
Beyond
over a Miles Morales I haven't been
terribly happy with the Miles Morales
storyline I've read a little bit more
like beyond the ultimate books and it
kinda they kind of ran out of ideas they
kind of petered out and then he got
folded into a different universe just
kind of hanging out it's weird I was
down I was down with his story
originally yeah so it was weird when he
hopped into a different universe is what
you're saying yeah yeah okay let's see
any guards around strangers
murder
do people still like Brian Bendis I
don't know if people like him or if he's
just around hi
goodbye oh I'm sorry
did you want to fight me I have a sword
and you're a dealer of wrench see this
guy right here Stan's murdered goodbye
and you miss lady oh it's a nice picture
of you dying I love it ultimate
spider-man started so good Ultimate
Spider the first hundred issues of
ultimate spider-man lesson that was
fucking great
less than that yeah I'm allowing the
first hundred Brian Bendis he just kept
doing dumber and dumber things with this
character yeah he successfully
revitalized and rebooted spider-man and
then he he systematically took it apart
by doing dumber and dumber things every
story arc had to be the most dramatic
shacking thing that ever happened and
there was there was never a moment for
that book to have some fun and take a
breath there's something light green
Goblin's matted your pants with super
clothes you've eaten Wednesday Z's brain
everyone knows me don't run away I have
to die by the time I got into the into
the 60s issue wise ultimate spider-man
just became just absolutely miserable to
read yeah oh don't you get away don't
you run away from me
so many people the murder goodbyes and
when it started that ultimate spider-man
got me back into comics after I left the
first time yeah an ultimate spider-man I
heard about that and dragged me right
back in for a number of years well the
idea of a new of a fresh universe you
know
something that wasn't so convoluted and
he made it convoluted really fast like
you Jack is killing everybody because he
feels like it hope you didn't want that
hand dick by which way should I go now
says first-time tipper greetings from
Germany lol victim by tinge funds
speak Ryan and Ryan that saying they
like jameise to spider-man for a while I
didn't - right up until the the Gwen's
goblin babies and then it was it was a
it was like whiplash it was a hard turn
but the early part of his run when he
was teamed up with John Romita Jr that's
some of my favorite Spiderman ever even
though they did though some of the weird
magic stuff but Peter Parker was still
Peter Parker still written like Peter
Parker it was kind of great
yeah and I have some issues with romita
jr. as an artist he did he did her well
he's like my favorite artist and then we
go on he did a run of x-men yeah
and for some reason he has a mental
block when it comes to x-men and they
were garbage
yeah his his run on spider-man was
alright he can do spider-man he cannot
do the Xbox cuz he wanted to be a Stan
yes yes he wanted to be Romina and his
rotten x-men was sloppy
he'd had a really good run the
punishment consistent oh yeah yeah
maybe he's just better at normal dudes
like when it might never use to draw
something fantastical he's good at
drawing somebody who looks like they've
had their nose broken yes didn't want to
live but then but then John would meet a
junior loved and then they did the gwen
stacy hundred affair but no but i was
born she had quick aging goblin babies
that was the storyline they did then
they followed that up with the other
Peter Parker dies and he's reborn with I
don't know mystic something powers and
this there's nothing better than a long
story arc with four different artists
and five different writers Oh God right
nothing nothing nothing ever works
better than that
I'm going to murder everyone and then
I'm drink your blood
hello are you alive and hoping you're
dead already
I can't kill you you're dead already oh
yes plus they gave him the watch
stickers remember when spider-man had
venom stingers that came out of his
wrist no that's that was that was the
other after spider-man got his upgrade
after going to cocoon after maybe dying
oh yeah you know what I think I think i
tailed i trailed off right around then
that's what actually caused me to leave
comic books it was that story like i'd
believe it it was the other wasn't Civil
War of what came afterwards with a
reboot that would have done it too but I
actually left with the other storyline
so the war almost got me back like oh
the second identity reveal that's
interesting I can do some new and
interesting things with that Oh
Mephisto ended everything because you
mid till the double to end his marriage
oh this isn't my spider-man anymore it's
you know what it started off alright
Civil War it started it started tail
spinning pretty fast but I think it
started off alright I stuck out the
clone song and I I was still reading
comic books during the Clone Saga I
wasn't reading spider-man anymore though
savage dragon kept me around for a while
a preacher kept me around for a while
why couldn't spider-man just hire
divorce layer cuz that would make him
seem old and nothing terrifies Marvel
more than an old spider-man here's the
weird thing cuz they were terrified of
married and spider-man he's too old
Peter party ultimate spider-man was the
shit back then that was your go-to
source for teenage spider-man ultimate
spider-man ultimate spider-man they
don't omit spider-man yeah and so you
know what they had best of both worlds
says fresh universe new teenage
spider-man and then like Oh for those
there's a spider-man that the fans have
been following for thirty years they had
it both and then they threw it all away
they reel both strangers I'm gonna
murder you mister man I'm just gonna
murder you shouldn't deal with strangers
I'll show you a stranger out here did I
kill all you people oh here's some more
people to nonnamous says imagine Jack's
Jack Thompson watching this dream anyone
remember Jack Thompson what did old
fucks like you to think of Jack love's
Jack Thompson ah you can't killed
everyone that that guy was a dickhead
you know sometimes sometimes you you get
so desperate for money or attention you
start spouting off the crazy shit I just
hoping there's something else
and I think that's what that Jack
Thompson did he was like he was like a
video game suck oh wait people are
listening to me oh yeah video games yeah
other words I'm getting a lot of
attention yep
Oh God you have any games man they're
bad for children oh I'm getting more
attention goodbye dad
don't throw rocks at me that is not nice
did did I read the story where old
future spider-man killed Mary Jane with
his radioactive semen yeah that you know
what that whatever that was a weird
alternate when I wear Dalton I mean I
just weird future fictional what if
stories was an attempt to do spider-man
The Dark Knight Returns oh and it was
misguided I didn't read it that I heard
of it evil Lord David says hey guys
David checking in hey David on the
subject of murder what's the closest
you've ever got to killing someone
either intentionally or not I have an
answer Jack do you let you go first
I've told the story before mythology
what's the closest I've come to kill it
yeah what supposes you've come to
killing someone
now I've got to think now I gotta think
it's probably it was probably on it oh
you know for a while we my family and I
during the summers would go up north and
like camp and live off the land okay and
we had some motorbikes there and I came
dangerously close to trying to go off
and jump and landing right on my cousin
like and it like it was a big motorbike
yeah it would kill him yeah it
definitely would have killed him so even
the black sheep oh yeah yeah good cousin
to like everyone loves him now he's the
Hollywood director yeah he's the big
Hollywood director so yeah I definitely
would have gotten some shit from Adam
I've almost killed someone a couple
times really couple times neither one
would have been my fault
sure but you purposely this is one time
there's relatively late at night I was
going down what is normally a very busy
street like 55 miles speed limit yeah
and it's pretty deserted it's pretty
deserted I'm driving down um I'm going
at a good clip I'm like I said the speed
loader was 55 and I'm right in front of
a green light light was Green ahead of
me and I'm just minding my own business
when some jackass jackass just ran Bo
ran the fucking red light and his side I
had to slam on my fucking brakes I would
a deep t-boned him at like 55 or 60
miles an hour he would have died if I
weren't paying enough attention if I
looked down briefly to change the radio
station if you weren't driving
defensively he would have he would have
been squished Wow
other time also in a car I'm driving
down a residential Road speed limits
only 25 miles an hour I was going about
25 most other people who wouldn't felt
right like it's the most it's the most
wonderful thing that I was behind the
wheel when out someone else it's a road
then they just go whatever they fuckin
want and they don't care they blow by
there don't care about the blind corner
so I'm driving down the street I am
going this
and I noticed this this guy who I'm
assuming was his guy in a little girl
I'm assuming the guy was her father and
they were walking down the street
together and I just I don't know what it
was I got a I got a bad feeling and I
actually slowed down a little bit
and then I don't know where that girl
just bolts across the street she saw
something on the other side of that
street and without looking without
anything it's like exactly like driver's
ad only without the ball doing you she
starts running across the street slammed
on my brakes Chris I will never forget
the look of horror on that father's face
like he was in his head he was watching
his daughter died well that's his what
that's your one job with your kid yeah
he's your been holding her fucking hand
he wasn't absolute look of horror on his
face I managed to slam on my break in
time yeah inches from this little girl
and I just revered the look of horror on
his face followed instantly by I just
relief once he realized she wasn't going
to die and she walked back he was
scolding the hell out of her you know
and that's the kind of situation you
almost hoped like they get hurt a little
bit like you know what I'd die but let
her break a leg and then you can think
about that while you sit in your cast
for the next month
that's fucking scary that is fucking
scary the the amount of Street safety
I've been through with my kids you know
just because we live in the city we
cross all the time and it's like never
you know we never let up on a street
safety
whoo grenades now we can kill a lot of
people at once
smash some body wants any money I've
been here already
we cool chili and carrot potato yummy
yummy yumm there is a biddy out here
open the globe what about the little
girl from my bike trip well as far as I
know she didn't come close to dying so
that doesn't count as it almost killed
somebody rich might've let her free that
didn't necessarily kill her key figure
assassinated yay great you're doing
great Jackie don't kill all the things
get all the things that's that's why I
that that's I was itching to play some
dishonored and I wanted to see what
happened if we said no powers that was
number one and I wanted to kill
everything see by the way I don't know
how you dealt with with the blood flies
cuz they kept saying moves slowly but I
find if you just slash like a crazy
person they all buy so this is what I
look now look I'm fine the blood flies
are gone boom I get all the money money
money money
yeah you have to go slowly I guess
that's a benefit right but they kept on
being like oh the blood flies the blood
fights you like walk away that's what
dad slashing slashing slashing dead fly
more like blood Dead's
blood looking dead blood blood blood ins
blum blum scare it potato
get out of here blood flight future
famous peasants as different artists for
the same comic reminds me of the final
two volumes of cliffs Chris Claremont
Wolverine
they looked ugly as sin and compared to
the volumes Frank Miller drew yeah yeah
yeah I'm taking damage huh didn't even
take a damage any woman didn't even
think to swatted him yeah as assumed you
wouldn't be able to because the little
flies you can decide to cut why I don't
know maybe like maybe a harder
difficulty they attack you more but
sometimes you take a little bit of
damage but I mean I got it I never even
tried really yeah that's interesting
different different players different
playstyles it's one of those things I
didn't think would be possible so you
didn't even try yeah Bouchard had to
call me the bone shard oh dude bone
shard it it up only child says hey rich
thanks for sharing your stories it's
nice that you got it on record that you
have a history of almost killing people
that way they will believe it's an
accident when you snap and kill Mike no
it's there's clear evidence that might
push you killin em see you like look
that's how much damage I took that's it
see that little sliver yeah that's it
and look and you get blood amber which
is money you'll learn something new
every day
yeah well great there you go you know
what these are guys these are the pro
tips Pro Dishonored 2 tips you got yeah
ah fucking hell
excuse me mr. bullets I've been taking a
pistol boys
can you feel and then you eat the banana
Jasha banana sure tasty full of
potassium check how do you feel about
Swamp Thing as a comic character I've
never read any Swamp Thing I've only
read the one famous Ellen Moir story
that was neat Helen Moore do this one
thing he did a big round it's one thing
yes I would read that I would read that
I know they're gonna bring him out for
her what's the Justice League dark is
the new cartoon with John Constance
really Swamp Thing never really felt
like he belonged to a superhero universe
to me that's the odd thing about swamp
it yeah yeah well I think that's why
they're giving him to Justice League
dark yeah it's like well let the weirdos
handle him but I've just never I've
never read any I don't know anything
about Swamp Thing I know I always get
him confused with Man Thing
from the Marvel Universe because they
are the same how is the no magic
playthrough more fun or just more
difficult you know what's going to be
very difficult is just maneuvering like
you use that blink to teleport yeah so
and you know to get to high up spaces so
I that's what I'm certainly makes
stealth more difficult - oh god
teleporting right behind someone yeah
that was fun well and even even the
action stuff you know like teleport
slash teleport slash like sure that was
great
so you know I'm getting used to it but
it's alright these people do matter
so do we have any plans to play Final
Fantasy 15 Oh
so many plans for for 998 dollars I will
play whatever Final Fantasy you want
yep that's the idiom doesn't LM more
like really believe in magic and shit he
worships an ancient Romans snake God so
he believes in all kinds of crazy things
why 998 because I'm generous and that
was talked down from a thousand he used
to be a founder yeah
but rich like that I so that's too full
for our streams to any final fantasy
games yeah what if we only wanted one
stream
well then 996 these for two dollars less
you can get one game one stream that
would that's it that's a deal and a half
right there yeah a fucking deal and a
half
did you did you dig do I think there's a
lady over here to murder oh and there's
a guy down there too great
and there now you're now you're testing
me here which way should I go now which
way should I go now tipped again because
I was impressed by your German
pronunciation rich lol okay libros minun
lush vegan west bengal wash Fingal cuz
i'm gonna say that my shingle lip cousin
man in West Bengal oh god what are
they're tricking me to say like kill all
the Jews oh right that's you have to be
careful be careful
oh that's right then one there like a
thing I could turn off how much for me
not to complain
during the final fantasy stream 20
million dollars oh that's right rich
we'll play it but I mean you know 20
million dollars you still rich Evans
he's gonna talk about it openly while he
plays it
oh I see it's gone
how much for cosplay during the final
fantasy string infinite money
you're not gonna cosplay an infinite I
just assumed there'd be some cosplay
involved see like how do you get up
there like that's a little secret area
and you almost need blank this what if
someone was legitimately offering the
998 but the only catch is that you can't
complain about it or JRPGs in general no
look I'm not I'm not selling out I don't
want to do the final fantasy stream what
do you think I'm asking for 998 dollars
I'm actively anticipating I won't get
the money because I don't want to write
this is this isn't some like genius
sales tactic this is on Rich's part this
is leave me the fuck alone
there are some people to murder over
there I'm quite sure how I'm gonna get
over there without my blink when is Jay
going to be on next that is entirely up
to Jake Jay and knows he Jay knows he is
welcome anytime and when he is free and
around he often joins us but you know
it's not gonna be every time best Goods
when he's in the mood so we can't
well definitely tomorrow next week and
he's the following dates these are the
following dates shit I guess I'll just
go back
big
you don't need cricket cricket says yeah
when was the last time that turning off
SafeSearch actually resulted in nipple
what the fuck is Google thinking why let
us turn it off
if there are no nipples anyway I I don't
know I'm gonna be honest with you man
I'm not with you I don't understand what
what you're going for here I wish you
all the best luck in your nipple
searches Nana says rich if you were a
Final Fantasy game which Final Fantasy
game would you be the last one oh oh
look at that there's a person up there
there's a person up there guys this just
got real I don't know if there's a way I
can get out there do I waste a bolt to
make sure I kill everyone you said you
were going to kill everyone you waste a
bolt you get save and try and jump
across there right like this is what you
need blink for yeah well you want about
magic so
and boom headshot still getting used to
these controls
rich what exactly is it about JRPGs you
don't like I said the game itself or the
anime yes look I can't speak on newer
ones but I know I hate the older
turn-based combat injera bujji's your I
hate your Pokemon combat with a passion
today do the most effective attack over
and over again you take turns laughing
each other until one of you dies boring
as fuck you take turns whacking each
other and then you're just trying to
walk across a fucking hallway and then
you get hit with like nine of those
random battles that you can't see coming
you walk like two tiles bruit then you
take turns hitting each other whap whap
whap whap and then someone dies
eventually as boring as fuck
no no that's over with I just want to
get on the other end of Halling see what
happens next
oh shit another one of those battles
it's fucking awful it's fucking
miserable it's a fucking grind I hate
the fucking anime characters I hate the
fucking anime stories I hope they all
die in a fire
dead
I think you can eat rats to be fair rich
they're phasing that out in the newest
JRPGs that's fine but then you still got
anime bullshit to deal with
rich hates fun that's why I talk about
how much I love like XCOM and thief and
rocket League and all these things that
I think are fun but ignore all of that
because I don't like JRPGs and you like
JRPGs that means I don't like anything
oh very highly about rocket League which
is probably the most fun game ever I
don't get up there without blink
do-do-do-do-do looking for Pete full of
things to murder anything with a
heartbeat I'll make it stop nice knife
gun in your fucking face the real man
says Jack if you want to kill everyone
everyone you need to go back and kill
the black market guy there was a back
door to a shop that you can go through
to kill him and loot the store okay
a Forenza I almost feel that Batman V
Superman was darker and less humorous
than Schindler's List Trash Can man says
hi guys I hesitate to suggest a game
since there are so many but rim world
seems right up Rich's alley it's like an
FTL colony sim in the vein of Firefly
you rock jack is too mine kinda Hoenig
maybe that means I'm your friend you
know what I'm gonna have to just stop
reading the forum stuff until I know for
sure what I'm saying
or maybe I'm afraid that Lord knows
what's gonna happen now yeah yeah guess
what I don't want to talk to you I'm
very sorry I'm very sorry outsider but I
don't want to talk to you you are not my
friend I don't have your powers you can
fuck off but do you know yeah oh wait I
have to go back and kill the black
market guy that's right
and bam away Oh what's the vault button
isn't there like a leap over shit button
you press run again ton of strategy and
pokemons multiplayer oh I play
multiplayer so much I love playing
multiplayers against kids and their
Pokemon machines black market I need a
key
there's no which did you watch MTV
growing up no it's not MTV was kind of
lame kind of Fame cool hey hey kids I
was busy watching Star Trek
I recommended it before and gifted it
but would you guys consider though curia
Chronicles if you could get past the
enemy art style it's an engaging ex con
type game I know that much of a problem
with the anime art styles anime
storytelling and anime character types
that I tend to hate like an example like
I like zone of the enders rush I don't
think falls into those cliches quite so
much oh no I mean an example of anime
characters that you don't like cloud
look at the plucky kid who's gonna be
the hero because he's destined to be the
hero of here onus I fuck them fuck all
those plucky spiky herd kids
fuck there fuck there there bubbly girl
sidekicks who talk like they're five
years old because everyone in Japan's a
pedophile fuck all that that's a typical
anime girl I hate it I hate it so much
we have a real problem here rich what's
that we need to find the black market
key so I can kill the shop owner and
steal all of his stuff Chat Chat I've
murdered most everyone else I need to
know where does key is unless did I
already murder the person who would have
given it to me which is you know it's
very likely did I did I need to keep
that lady alive so she could tell me to
get that other guy and bring the other
guy back to her and and then she'll give
me the key cuz here's the door I can't
break it and I don't have the kid did
you she have the key now she didn't have
the key
someone in chat tell me where I can get
the key I want to murder every how do I
jump over shit again when they're way
too like oh yeah okay just got time the
jumps right yeah yeah motherfucker so
I've seen clips of one punch man it
looks fun yeah
one punch man is fun they kind of they
kind of uh make fun of enemy steps a
little bit so that helps one punch man
is all right up there you dick
romances the key is in the blood fly
building go to the room with piano and
climb over the top of the cabinet
blocking the door and go upstairs it's
in the aquarium blood fly building oh
that was back here guys thank you
okay go into the blood fly building Sara
Chen says pray for rich pronouncing
foreign languages can you say and she
goes on to write something and I can't
say it because I'm not doing that now
I'm not doing that now
reckless says rich you know because you
do it because you don't know what no I
don't know what I'm saying I shouldn't
say I might do something really horrible
like accuse all Japanese people of being
pedophiles reckless says rich I mean
this is a compliment you are very good
at not giving a fuck about the shitty
things people say about you how do you
do it I'm so bad at at it and I'm
genuinely curious by the way final
fantasy is garbage I learned that lesson
in junior high not to give a fuck what
people thought about me I'm not very
popular kid believe it or not jack you
were not a very popular yeah hmm oh you
know the difference is I I never wanted
to be one of the popular people I just
didn't give a shit about what they
thought that's the that's the that's the
hardest part
I think that's what it's thinking like
how do you not give a shit these kids
are jerks why would I even want to be
their friends right it was kind of my
attitude that's that's a good attitude
to have that's a good attitude to have
but and I think that some people have a
hard time giving that up you know
you're not gonna you're not gonna make
friends with everyone you got to do your
own thing yeah and you have to be
comfortable with your own thing and
that's that's a hard thing it's a hard
thing to be comfortable with yourself
comfortable enough with yourself to like
to not care about what other people
think stuff okay got the key Thanks
stun bolts no sleep dad's sleep dad's
bathroom bathroom
all right killing the shopkeeper that's
like
great yeah
come in
damnit
killing the shopkeeper now I'm running
and I'm losing my way
dead great we did it no no don't close
it give me the money
Kuehl Nelson here bottles shit shit I
don't care about any of this shit see
this is what I was talking about with as
far as like scanning over everything is
something I cut out of the episode
something that bothered me a little bit
about Dishonored 2 is you kind of feel
the need to put your cursor over
everything on the desk just in case you
can pick it up what you can interact
with yeah and so it's like you know like
you can't tell that you can interact
with that alarm clock until the cursor
is over with over it right and so I
would just kind of go like this on every
single surface every single place in
case I could pick something up yeah I
can get tons of Shh favorite TNG episode
who watches the Watchers
to be fair if you upgrade the dark
vision it will highlight items to can
pick up you can't pick up I'm assuming
them Eden but I agree I did that a lot
as well
oh great yeah other so other people who
were I I compared it to a
point-and-click adventure game where you
would just randomly press on everything
that was mine and it's a minor gripe and
like we didn't have a lot of
back-and-forth about it so so I got it
out of the episode but just a minor
gripe I had thought I'd share with you
guys so many people to murder I've not
had time to get into city's skyline yet
been pretty busy the last few days are
you like the four lights episodes that's
a good episode I'm just really fun who
watches the Watchers a lot of good TNG
episodes though oh yeah
favorite TOS episode amok time that's
without thinking about a much you could
you could probably make me think about
it and go over episodes I might find one
I like more than the the Spock has to go
home because he's in heat episode of the
original series there might be what I
like better if I went through them all
but what TNG it's definitively who
watches the Watchers oh wait I went in
guns blazing right yeah well that was
your plan today yeah but I went in gun I
needed to kill people a little a little
more sneakily I tried to do like a
sliding rush in and and swing my sword
and it did not work but you tell Jack he
could have stolen all the items could
have bought on the blood oh okay well
go back there and after I'm done killing
all these actually I probably go back
there now because yeah I'm back here now
because I died
do-do-do-do-do black-market neighbors
which way should I go now says no why
don't I say Jack is wrong for liking
swiss army men
what's the body humor stuff kind of
ruined a sweet concept for me but i
guess that comes down to taste just felt
desperate to be edgy to me LOL FMS oh no
no no it it was it was a play on being
edgy that you know i don't i don't want
to say like you watched it wrong but
it's possible that you might not have
have understood what it was about rich
are you good at shooting pool no but I
enjoy it
shoot pool yeah I've surprised myself
with a couple good pool shots here and
there and be better if I played more of
it isn't that everybody though
from this area
okay is the chat a question
no no why are people so desperate
absolutely utterly desperate to get me
to like JRPGs it's a very popular it's a
very popular game style rich wait why
can't people just deal with the fact
that I'm not into it and that's just me
why is that not possible you know and if
what if they really liked it and we've
talked about this before sometimes
people sometimes people equal or not
equal put their feelings how they feel
about a certain thing and mix it with
how you feel about them and so if you
don't like jeez maybe you don't want
don't like them I'm sure lard farm is
just fucking with me oh yeah
but I think they want you to like them
as well rich cheese this a little bit
just because I feel like I have to has
turned away from the a be ugly every man
no I wanted to kill that person there we
go
that's how you do it hey hey yeah well
but yeah you know people people want
other people to like the things they
like that's normal wrench that is
perfectly normal
don't you want people to like the things
you like no I don't care people like
their individuals I want them to be free
and to find their own way in the world
or discover the things that they like
I don't think they wanted you to like it
sister hm I think it's more than they're
offended with some words like all
Japanese people are pedophiles and the
stories are stupid instead of I don't
care much for it here's the thing I
always start off with I don't care much
for it and then that just makes them go
even more insane
what no but will others what about that
what about that you should play this one
you should play that obviously the
pedophile thing is a joke I don't think
that all Japanese people are pedophiles
even though universally every female in
anime is portrayed like they have the
mentality of a five-year-old girl this
is without exception effect why is it
good floating is he hanging okay yeah
hey I turned for a second I thought is
that glitch I thought that was a glitch
person I'm like just out of reach to
jump on this thing really come on Karen
there guy to kill did I miss someone
it's 99% of the time you can't just say
all alright alright
99% of the time if you like a jaribg if
it was made in America not turn based
snow bugs might dislike for them has
nothing to do with where their main
don't care of Japan makes it or England
makes it France makes it
and this is this is hyperbole because
every now and then there's been an anime
something or other that I have liked
like I said I'm quite fond of a zone of
the enders I like the zone of the enders
anime the zone of the enders yeah yeah
you've sat down trying to think of other
things like off the top my head dog I'm
really coming up with mush hmmm first
anime that I have lights sure sure
oh yeah Jack is murdering everybody it's
like I forgot for a bit and just kind of
gotten them to it yeah
me too me too where did this what
today at least get all this job keep
your stuff oh come on that that is a
wicked checkpoint right there I really
got to be more careful with my murder
spree
did I get everything good ii-i've never
seen neon genesis evangelion it sounds
it sounds like it gets obnoxiously weird
maybe that anime bunch of perverts and
pedophiles that's what I hear that's
what someone tells me Oh Jack Oh Jack
I'm probably the the most anime watch in
person you know but I know
Evangeline will solidify your hatred I
can see that Oh Oh you ran over here for
help funny isn't vanquished just an
anime version of Gears of War I mean
that as a sincere question not as an
insult vanquishes a very fun game the
stories just killed the space communists
the heroes very much
not your your obnoxious animate kid
destiny guy hero mm-hmm which I you know
so that it avoids that particular hate
of mine good it doesn't have the the
woman with the personality of a
five-year-old and the voice of a
two-year-old important important
are you guys dead just in case when it
comes to anime tropes Vanquish does not
have a lot of the things I hate plus the
game is very very fun isn't that destiny
hero a common thing yeah it's not always
that was my favorite thing look I'll
take Han Solo over Luke Skywalker any
day of the fucking week yeah working
working class hero yeah
everyone likes a working class hero but
like the the 15 year old boy who has
absolutely nothing special about them or
interesting is just the big hero that's
lame those lame is fuck well he has the
far system shit come on why can't I get
up there that's annoying
double jump
well my double jump fuck it I'm going
inside all right what about vanquished
you think is so anime acid
toilet
come on
thank wishes anime and it's style
certainly but the story stuff is very
much buried as it should be okay Barrett
yeah it's not yeah
visually I don't have much of a problem
with it like I got some kickass fucking
robot designs in anime Sarah Chen says
it was basically hello my name is rich
Evans in Chinese for fun
we we apparently don't have a V sound oh
I'm hurt I would never screw you over
also apparently this tip lagged forever
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says rich
why do you hate the monomyth the
monomyth III think as a general as a
general rule and if I really thought
about it I could probably find plenty of
exceptions to that my heroes are
self-made they're not counting on
destiny to push them over the edge
destiny is a lazy writer's tool yeah
Luke Skywalker is the is the hero of the
galaxies because it was foretold
right you have to win you have to win
because you have to win that's lazy Kirk
out there on his own
Kirk Captain Kirk yeah he got there on
his own it wasn't a wizard who told him
you're going to do great things you just
just go out there and the great things
will happen because you cared
people keep kicking people what perks a
cheater yes Kirk finds a fucking way no
no Kirk is a winner not a cheater
oh sure Cheers sure but Kirk wins winner
here are some vert destiny yes this guy
is dead already
go again crossbow bolts what are you
nothing
great okay
destiny you were chosen don't you
understand you were chosen by who
why'd I do your shit I got my own shit
to do
but you were chosen by the book by the
book written by the one you are the one
who was written of by the one with
chills and now I feel remorse people
bother me all the night
I thought there was another one of you
up here I guess not
down here carried rails are electrified
yeah rooftop I'm gonna go over there
oh wait there's a safe seven of Borg
dances rich and Jack what are your
opinions on the movie what about Bob
also will you stream the original
dishonored since you seem to be somewhat
enjoying this one hello well grind my
love ride oh I haven't seen it in quite
quite a long time I remember loving what
about Bob oh god yes what about Bob is
hilarious
baby steps out yeah absolutely nobody
really talks about to kind of forgotten
really I think so oh man what about
Bobby great Bob richard dreyfuss
errant mind wandering gaze rampant
hunger rich no errant mind wandering
gaze rampant hunger errant mind
wandering gaze rampant hunger seven one
five seven one five okay that's how you
figure out this combination okay
this one took me a long time to figure
out sorry gents is on the topic battery
I actually am glad you enjoyed Phoenix
rain which reminds me it's almost a
certain day in December that isn't
Christmas I know what that just say
agend
i knows it's a Friday it's a next week
Friday usually don't stream then but you
know we'll see
get some more bone yards
definitely want that
great alright whatever
what happened
are we still streaming I have no idea
moving the mouse around we might still
be streaming are we still streaming I
have no idea
oh I'm asking the chat did this dream
die
crash you could stream dead wow that's
weird right yeah that's a new that's a
new realm of

[Part II]
talking about though that brand of beer
is terrible what do you talk about if
you're talking about my high alcohol
content beer remember that I described
it as gasoline and I only drink it
because it's so high in alcohol content
and I believe it saves me calories so
remember that I think it tastes gotten
used to the taste g-shot says shuts hi
rich and Jack hi
Jack I just wondering how are you were
doing with all these short story
recommendations oh I don't think I've
read any of them I have them I have them
all written down I've had a busy couple
weeks rich love the gremlins commentary
thanks for all the entertainment lol
grab my Schwann something Schwan's
something oh yeah you gotta be careful I
agree with you about that foreign
language thing and you'd like a handy
bookmark to google translate
you can't how about gremlins Jack wasn't
gremlins a fine film gremlins is a fine
fine film I it has been far too long
since I have seen gremlins this whole
kicking finger you like the kicking
thing I've never liked okay like I don't
know why I'm doing it though simply our
behind since college we do it I'm okay
with it no I'm just pressing attack oh
man I'm just kicking them which is great
like it's it's helping but I'm not used
to kicking so alcohol Jack what the high
alcohol called I like that shit it's a
six-point beer or six point brewing
makes it a beer called resin which is
like a nine eight or nine percent
alcohol it's what I was drinking if you
want to know how good it is it's what I
was drinking during the very drunk
Halloween best of the worst episode it
is a fantastic beer six point resin and
they even make a triple IPA which I want
to say is up to 10% alcohol another good
one if you're in the area or can get
your hands on it is um is MKE brewings
hop monster which is a or og og is
brewed with tearless very very tasty
Isaiah says rich when it comes to JRPGs
which I call console RPGs not all are a
button fests try Final Fantasy Devore
for the DS version just happening a will
get you killed Mario RPGs are also not a
button fests there you go rich there you
go seven one five how about gremlins oh
that's right we're talking about
gremlins yeah it has been too far too
long since I've seen gremlins yeah which
is a shame and you know and you know
what that's that's absolutely my fault I
need to go watch grandma's fine holiday
movie Christmas and Christmas time well
no gremlins and die hard their Christmas
movies ha ha ha ha not really Christmas
movies come on come and you could enjoy
watching them around Christmas but I
think calling them Christmas movies it's
kind of silly ah kindness it's just it's
part of the setting that take place
during Christmas but yeah that's cool
that's cool man someone on the chats
asking earlier asked why they hadn't
made that made me smile why they haven't
made gremlins three and it's because the
second one didn't do that well yeah I
think most people didn't like it because
it was so different compared to the
first tonally oh sure
that makes sense
that makes sense
but I mean it's been far too long so I
can't even I can't I don't feel like I
can comment on gremlins because it's
been too long since I've since I've seen
it you know how long has it been a
decade Oh easily a decade easily decade
if not longer Wow yeah
it's been too long it's one of those
movies that I I think like as a preteen
you know or like a just teenager or like
when I was 13 14 through 16 I watch it
all the goddamn time mm-hmm you know
what happens movies come out nemesis
rich TNG had lots of great apps but
plenty of terrible ones and for me a
primary indicator that a show would suck
would be if any of the stupid children
on the enterprise were going to be a
part of it ha ha ha that's that's not
true that's not true a really good one
the one worthy the enterprise she said
some kind of problem that it was
stranded and the turbo decks weren't
working and Picard was kind of like
trapped with the kids and they had to
work to find a way to the bridge and he
was like he was like made it a game we
like told them they were all bridge
office Bridge office that was a great
episode and that had kids that was a
great episode right you're absolutely
right can you feel about the one with a
transporter turns them into children Oh
what the worst I got kids I remember it
being lame but I mean your memory can
fail you sometimes here's how you
recognize an absolutely awful TNG
episode it's from season one
Figg seven of Ordinances rich have you
ever played any of the Fire Emblem games
you might appreciate the tactical
aspects of those games I'm not an anime
fan but I found the series to be pretty
likely despite that I'm not yes no idea
never blame Oh mr. blob blocks oh my god
mr. blob blocks bob says hi guys I love
the service disruption felt very
Orwellian any thoughts on Bitcoin we've
ever accepted on your merch slash store
for donations and so on there are
currently no plans to I I wouldn't trust
it Bitcoin yeah I don't keeps going up
but up in value but oh yeah that's a
bubble ready to boost right there
exactly
little hidden barrier here yeah I don't
I don't know fully trust that Bitcoin
Bitcoin has already burst several times
and rebounded oh my god oh no right your
Bitcoin I love bitcoins wettable there
you go
bitcoins the best thing there you go no
now you got it I got the game Tiberius
Kirk is defending in the chat he's
defending TNG season one I think there's
some good episodes in season one
encounter at Farpoint terrible
absolutely terrible it's amazing that
the show got picked up what's the what's
the one where Riker joins the Klingon
crew this season - you sure about that
it's Bear Bryant season two where no one
has gone before
then you really think the end of that
was exceptionally lame someone were the
they run into they the floating eyes and
mouth and space it was like a god and he
wants to kill everyone on the enterprise
in different ways to see how people die
and then Picard solution instead of
letting him kill half the crew he's
gonna kill all of the crew by blowing
the ship up to take away his plaything
yeah how lame kinda lame not the worst
season one episode they weren't all
terrible just most of them the battle
was that the I'm trying to remember the
battle and that was the first Ferengi
episode is terrible they got those
stupid laser whips and they act like
like like orangutan bad and then Riker
saves the day with some kind of nonsense
philosophy quote
stop scrolling I'm trying to read things
okay and other episodes listed and I
can't I can't read them sorry dude I'm
reading now yeah yeah no that's not
where no one has gone before
this is the traveler oh the traveler Oh
God
oh I hate that episode oh you lost the
traveler stupidness of Wesley's the
special child of destiny we just talked
about how I hate the special child of
destiny and you're pointing out a
special child of Destiny episode and
it's Wesley that's terrible that's
absolutely terrible and it's Wesley
yeah data Laura didn't do it for me it
didn't do it for me is the first lore
episode Laura had the potential to be a
decent villain and never really panned
out yeah definitely agree with that and
and and Laura was only a decent
character because of what was the
episode brothers weird data went and met
Noonien Soong the guy who built him and
the lore shows up that was the episode
where Laura had potential to be a good
villain in the future then they wasted
it with all of us what was the that to
partic all that horrible two-parter in
season 7 that's Kenny I can't even
remember what was called descent oh God
descent that's descent is one of the one
of the horrible TNG stories that's not
from season 1
well she got what else you got say
various Kirk and we were agreeing to
disagree on this I'm not saying you're
wrong I'm just saying that I don't like
these episodes check keep scrolling and
I can't read all your suggestions and
I'm sorry I can't find the rest of them
now I
oh here we go conspiracy no with the
weird chest monsters that never showed
up again once again I it's just one that
didn't do it for me how the neutral zone
was good the neutral zone was a decent
episode that's where they they find the
people cryogenically frozen from close
to modern-day earth remember like the
banker who's like I need to check my si
yeah that's a fun episode yeah and
that's the first hint of the board to
the colonies they're investigating in
that episode that they think the
Romulans destroyed yeah the way they
described them being destroyed is
exactly the way the Borg were destroying
colonies in the best of both worlds okay
so that was a secret Borg episode one
one zero zero one the binary episode
with the binary people were Ryker falls
in love with the holograph woman I'm not
a terrible episode it certainly doesn't
make my any of my favorites list in home
soil I don't honestly I don't even
remember which episodes home soil and
symbiosis weren't I just I can't recall
which one those were the top of my head
yeah by now
I know there's some people I didn't kill
don't worry I'll get yours one ugly bags
have mostly water or skeevy home so I
that's not enough I remember that quote
I just don't I just honestly don't
remember what episode that is symbiosis
was David from Star Trek 2 hooked on
drugs sounds great
I'm just drawing blanks
was David from Star Trek times I don't
know people at some videos just had the
two guys from Wrath of Khan it's just
it's just not jogging my memory
on a scale of 0 to 1 what did you think
of the binary I'm not rich is going to
talk about trek all night well Your
Honor I talked about anime trying to get
away from that ship oh that's right that
lady had to turn that off oh oh
rich people kept the poor working by
telling them they were sick but it was
drugs all right that episode is ok it's
still none anywhere you know nevermind
one of my favorites does it ok episode
but I don't think there's any single
episode from season 1 that is great if I
were going to list the like my top 20
TNG episodes yeah season 1 isn't going
to be in that list really yeah that's
that's a bold statement it's a lot I
think it's pretty anchor statement
though
what rich what about conspiracy I can't
give you a detailed critique and why I
think it's horrible it's just nowhere
near one of my favorite episodes
you establish a big big threat to
Starfleet where Starfleet has been
infiltrated she need more hints to that
earlier if you're gonna do this big
grand epic idea isn't that a bit much to
throw out there and you know one just
one standalone episode where the top
brass is time fleet they've all been
taken over by aliens and it's like a
one-off it's a weird one off yes it
would have been nice if they would have
done that but also like Trek didn't do
that too often no say like that that
wasn't their thing as far you know like
they weren't like into setting up
setting up the students no it was it was
an out of place storyline they do in
Star Trek my fell that way to me yeah
but I've been right at home in Deep
Space nine just your changelings are
taking over the top brass and Starfleet
and then you got yourself a DS 9 episode
and then the end is so anti-climatic
they just shoot the guy and he it's
really disgusting he blows up but yes it
wasn't average Shrek ending okay let's
shoot him okay you shot a guy it's
electrified that is not the worst thing
ever
rich to set up the conspiracy all right
fine for crying out loud you Jesus it's
the best episode of Star Trek they ever
made there you go there you go nice it's
just as good as anime ha ha ha
now yonder ticket now you know how it
works I kill though you people right
yeah
found a few that I almost missed though
rich there's actually a really good
thing I got electrocuted by those reels
because I almost missed a few people
grande Guard soldiers lapdogs for the
Duke now
it's me to need bananas
yes yes chat send me the links to all of
the anime that doesn't suck and I will
watch it all you love it
tonight on stream lives king child UK
says what do you think about the
resurgence resurgence of Flat Earth
theory seriously not joking they are out
there now what the fuck GG because
people are trying to turn against
science because science is saying things
and discovering things they don't like I
think these people I think they're in
the minority I don't and I'm not too
worried about them you're not too
worried about Flat Earth spheres taking
over this it's some harmless quackery
harmless quackery maybe until there's a
movement to get it taught in schools
teach the controversy yet might be flat
possibly then it's a problem but until
then I don't I don't think there's a
serious push that we gotta worry about
for the Flat Earth I think I think veal
never end and you know like the good the
good point is the only reason anyone
knows about it in the first place is
because everyone keeps spreading it who
thinks it's really weird hmm and that
and so you know the reason you heard
about is someone said man this really
weird theory came around check it out
Nevaeh says jack when you upload this to
youtube could you add a murder counter
oh god it'd be way too mini break a door
interesting
it says breakable I know in when you can
upgrade with your runes and shit you can
get a strength upgrade that lets you
break doors but uh that's you're not
strong enough you need to get through a
lot if the earth isn't flat then how do
steam rollers work dumbass
you know what check mate atheists and
their a flat earth vid where somebody
debunks the round earth by showing up
upside down pictures of penguins in
Antarctica how do they stay in
Antarctica is it true yeah I know people
are idiot I know the Penguins don't fall
off man I'll tell you what I go on the
top of this roof is pretty high right
top of this roof right here
I'll look out I'll look side to me now
you know I'm not a scientist I'm just
saying what I see with my own eyes
that's worth just as much you can argue
with that it's too stupid you just have
to let it go and ignore it and educate
other people I mean make sure they're
not you know dumb they don't I yeah make
sure they're not a teacher somewhere yes
that's the important part just make sure
they're not teachers best villainous
race and all of Star Trek I tend to go
species 8472
but the JEM Hadar are up there too now
the best villains in my opinion the
Romulans everything every Romulan
episode was like a game of chess and
deceit with deception and some fun fun
stuff going on in Romulan episodes the
board we're only good for like one use
because once once you once you stop the
the opponent has you grossly outmatched
there's diminishing returns to the Borg
we're invading you again oh you burned
the guy and you know every time you see
the Borg and they fail become less and
less of a threat the unstoppable threat
who has been stopped several times yeah
exactly
yeah there were there were one good
one-time-use villain and the fact you
know that you know the really because
they kept going to the Borg that's how
you ended up with stupid shit like the
bug Queen they got we're gonna add Queen
now they had to up the Borg ante because
they needed they needed an actual
villain that somebody can talk to they
got and they got a queen I guess yeah I
think I have dialogues you could say
villainous things and that that whole
concept of a queen just ruined the board
conceptually they went from being a high
of mine to basically space zombies yeah
who are controlled by a voodoo queen
yeah there's my old school zone yeah
yeah that's what the bug became after
you introduced after first contact it's
one of the reasons I hate first contact
I'm in the I'm in the of the opinion
that the board should have been left
alone after best of both worlds
maybe maybe you get the one Hugh episode
was fun oh the hue of a soda was because
they because they found a way to do
something intelligent with it and they
did it by making a board who wasn't
mindless he gets his individuality back
individuality individual individuality
back and by the way what a great
morality of us so - yeah just like you
had the chance to destroy our enemy
well is it up to me so I'm Shawn
cortisone Connery is the captain now
there are kind of tragic there are some
like less interesting Klingons we will
fight to the end that's kind of its kind
of the Klingon usually we will fight
where the battle ones with a battle
aliens the JEM Hadar like whoa we're
also the battle aliens only there are
cultures not quite as interesting as the
Klingons I don't know why I don't know
the Jim adora exactly know they watch
bunch of dances night at all
no okay there were these named yeah
by the Romulans
there's always some kind of scheme going
on that was fun Troi wakes up they give
her plastic surgery and they're trying
to convince her that she's gonna Romulan
agents yes the Romulan double agent
episode that was a great event so that's
the kind of fun shit you get with the
Romulans and that is why they are my
favorite Trek villains oh that's a great
episode rich that's a mind fucker right
there that's a great Trek episode Ron
Wieland's are barely in TOS Oh Oh
balance of terror that's one of my
favorite TOS episodes I put that above
my time I said I'd think of one
eventually balance of terror and it's
one of the two Romulan episodes of tos
and then I blew I accidentally blew
myself up with a canister of whale oil
because I wanted to be funny I wanted to
be funny rich rich is definitely
forgetting how great the Ferengi were I
wouldn't call them villains they're more
comic relief the forgive me villains
from time to time but rarely did you
think of the Frankie as a threat right
they can make for decent antagonists
though
running away from me little sloppy but
the Institut little sloppy that was
those sloppy that was a lot of wacky
Hackett II and they couldn't make a
popular Romulan Star Trek movie that's
cuz the movies were too dumb to do
something interesting with the Romulans
but we just won't have that I'm in the
villain of the week shoot at things
those are the later Trek films the
Romulans were too smart for cinematic
Star Trek nonnamous is Jack yeah oh
never mind
they want to please you were though what
yep the off switch says I only played
JRPGs when I have a spare fork with me I
Ram it into my leg to remind me out
alive after exposing myself to the
mind-numbing gameplay now I don't really
play them waste of good Forks ah take
that force
there's something left to kill
whoa I heard someone say something I
have not seen the arrival people people
keep telling me it's great yeah I'll
probably see it when it's available at
home that's what most people see most
things
yeah
ah that's right Oh can I even get up
there look at she's up there I almost
forgot about up there there's more
people to kill
don't throw shit at me it's not nice
you're going through a no death run for
the whole entire game Jack's doing an
all death run I'm doing I'm doing a no
magic murder everyone run even the
civilians murder everyone no questions
asked murder murder murder murder run
and so I mean it's gonna find so far the
only the only problem is that there
there's an area that I think I'm gonna
have trouble getting to without magic
deck somebody the chat wants to know if
you watch the ghost in the shell' TV
show I dunno
I did like the ghost Michelle anime mr.
Bob blocks plop mr. Bob blocks bob says
rich what is your favorite Back to the
Future film and why and on that note
what other time-travel film would you
say is one of the best the the only
answer is Back to the Future one it is a
fucking tight fuckin solid movie hell
yeah - two is fun because of the weird
shit they decide to do with it so yeah
fuck it we're gonna deal with one let's
get crazy with it and then three it's
kind of like well follow the kind of
basic formula the first film that's a
rehash but it's in the West it's in the
West that makes it different Back to the
Future one is just amazing set up set up
and pay off like every stray diet line
of dialogue in the early part of that
movie pays off later like fucking
everything everyone says from the clock
tower to the uncle who's in jail the
hobo the hobo on the street pays off
everything that happens if everything
set up after Wow yep yep
the mother talk ride never Park with
boys and cars all right where did that
guy come from
where did that guy come from some
somewhere maybe thin air huh
maybe he teleports if you thought about
that I thought about him teleporting
maybe he's got blink maybe as far as
other time travel movies nothing really
compares it's Chuck Bill and Ted but I
don't know if that's a time travel movie
and it technically it's time travel
movie but it's it's more a fun adventure
time travel movie yeah
we can cut we can count that as a movie
but like I think bill and ten proves
that it didn't have to be time travel
it's just the wacky adventure was the
important thing it was all them they do
weird afterlife things right Time
Bandits it's been far too long since
I've seen Time Bandits oh yeah oh oh and
beer Meister in the in the chat he's got
the other time-travel film hey I think
this counts because it's very much about
time on Groundhog Day not like a
traditional and you think it's going
into the past to go into the future just
the same day repeating I'd say that
counts as a time-travel film sure but
it's great I'll accept it I'm not a
hundred percent sure it counts but I'm
just gonna say it is it's great yeah
yeah it counts I say it does I make the
rules
twelve Monkeys I have not seen twelve
Monkeys this is all right yeah it's just
great it's been too long I can't I can
meet I can either confirm nor denied
great but it's alright see how do we get
up there with no blink if I need to if I
have to murder everyone and I do cuz I
said I need to murder everyone I need to
get to the roof rich how do I do that
shoot people from a distance with you
thing I mean that's probably what it's
gotta be but
Star Trek save-the-whales is the best
time travel movie no it's fine movie
it's a gimmick take these characters you
like they're in modern Taylor now that's
fun concept there's a fun concept yeah
Star Trek for now that it's a great time
travel movie though Tiberius is time
after time underrated time travel movie
yes underrated yes or as close to being
best
for anybody who doesn't know time after
time is about this friggin a time
machine
oh god damn it darlin HD Wells HG Wells
versus Jack the Ripper in 1970s New York
that's what time after time is Jack the
Ripper uses HD wells time machine to try
and escape justice HG Wells goes to stop
him
perfect it's great it actually is great
I've never seen it like that sounds
great that sounds just perfect
but I'm Peggy Sue got married back to
high school did your time travel she
wakes up she's a teenager again
she gets to redo her life oh I think I
murdered I murdered all them up there
one of the early Nick Cage movies and
can't think of her name was Peggy Sue
exam real Streep Oh doesn't matter all
right
no cat litter it's cat litter okay got
it
you've killed everyone
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says what
are your thoughts on Kanye West didn't
he just die
oh no he survived it survives he had
like a panic attack it was nothing oh I
killed rich a hundred and seven people
that's nice that's a nice murder count
nice murder count no he had a little
panic attack he's Kanye West is uh he's
a bit of a crazy person yes he's a bit
of a crazy person I like some of the
music that he makes he's obnoxious a
little obnoxious anyone knows music he's
just obnoxious yeah but you know I like
some of the music that he makes I don't
know if I missed one forty yep forty six
civilians that's me I'm a killer he's a
killer guaranteed to blow your mind but
okay Institute of infectious disease
good music and some not so good music
but
I like a bit of it skip fucking hell
alright let's remember some of these
levels now we're getting to that we're
getting to the good stuff now
good hope you don't mind a little murder
let's Planet of the Apes not count
suppose I suppose it does it's not it's
technically but climate behaves is not a
factor the matically it's not a time
travel no no it is not the time to have
a movie at all it is he just goes
forward in time like yeah no it's not a
time okay I'm not counting so it's not
it's not a time travel movie unless you
go backwards no no or like he does not
have a time machine okay okay in order
in order for it to be a time travel
movie one that needs a time machine what
if whatever magic spell brings you back
in time is that that time travel movie
sure that'll work - well that's a
machine but it's not it was you can't
travel through time naturally that
doesn't count as a time travel movie
then every movies a time but he goes
through a black hole or something right
and then I'll be get in the fastest
space I think I don't remember happy
again all right thought it was just
space its space anomaly that's a thing I
want to say for a time travel movie at
least someone needs to be aware that
you're traveling through time if that
makes any sense
all right all right
someone has to have the direct purpose
of traveling through time they did not
they did not send him through to travel
through time
you know army of Darkness yes yes time
Francie that's how we get crazy I would
get crazy with it
these time-travel shenanigans the
central theme of our army of Darkness is
fighting monsters right the central
theme of back to the future is dealing
with the consequences of traveling
through time right Jiminy Cricket prick
bastard says when you upload the twitch
streams to YouTube Jack for the love of
God upload them with all the dead air
cutout work yep and time so no no the
the we upload them and we cut them up
the best we can but we just try it out
you know it's fine we can't put too much
fuckin fine
can't put too much time into it giant
dodo says hey rich feeling lonely
hey I wanted to kill that person mr. Bob
Blanc's bob says if you like Groundhog
Day and don't mind watching Tom Cruise
having to die over it Africa to relive
the same day on the front of an alien
invasion
yes edge of tomorrow is fantastic
tomorrow's Fantasticks one I need to see
that is one you know what everyone tells
me Marv is so much fun it's like dread I
now don't see it I forget about it when
I'm home and but you saw I'm not
thinking about eventually it took
forever
it did that's odd I enjoyed it and we
were right yeah that's all that matters
rich is that we were right
I figure out how to get up there without
my bulimic now officially renamed as
live die repeat edge of tomorrow on
Amazon interesting oh I think that was
like one of the the foreign titles that
was how I was titled like that's how the
title translated in like Japan or
something but Amazon they're able to do
these things by region and if it's
showing up is that here maybe they just
like that name better Amazon to Amazon
made an executive decision well it
wasn't a very successful movie I don't
think was it it's like it's like
ghostbusters that answer the call to
distance themselves you know the real
ghostbusters what do i the the name on
blu-ray of the the all-female
Ghostbusters is answer the call
Ghostbusters what yeah I don't know I
changed the name of the movie on DVD
really answer the call Ghostbusters
that's right
they're ghostbusters answer the call
whatever but I mean it's not just
Ghostbusters not sure sure interesting
I'm gonna throw this at that glass
window
that'll reshape their cages up shake
them right up this ghostbusters 2016 at
time travel movie because I was acutely
aware of the passage of time during it
now it was an actual time travel device
because you could feel time like slowing
down as you were watching it boom
sick burn
various perks sang live die repeat was
the film's tagline and when the movie
tanked in the u.s. were brothers thought
they scrolling chat I thought they could
play up that tagline to sell it in home
media without baggage from the
box-office flop yeah yeah that doesn't
surprise me at all
great they probably should have called
it live die and repeat in the first
place
engine tomorrow what the fuck is ended
tomorrow Jiminy Cricket prick bastard
says have you thought of blowing up a
VHS with tannerite if rich doesn't know
what tannerite is asked jack or the chat
well I don't so I can only assume it's
some sort of explosive
it's in a mineral that says make like a
tree and leave or get out make like a
tree and get out of here nice yeah I
fucked it up it's not nice I had to get
it right the first time and I didn't
Biff Tannen anyway not Tanner so I guess
that doesn't even work
oh you know what I fail then all I
thought you were making a bad pun Danny
Tanner Full House reference that's how
far off I was what does that have to do
what reason leaving he's just made bad
puns did he I think so I know that was
Jill whit that was the the thing that
caused a friend in a wonderful house it
made me sick the sheriff you know what
rich
anybody torso I don't have time for that
so somebody said what that does in the
chat hi mr. tenor it's cheap brick
explosive used for baiting and
vaporizing wild hogs I don't think we
thought about actual explosives yet I
probably need permits for shit like that
go out to the woods
give up red one first the red one is the
one with a gun ah so you gotta kill the
red ones first and the other guys that
are easy that's some strategy Jack
listen I'm murdering everyone I'm a
psychopath I'm not an idiot drop this on
them do you think I could drop this on
them you can do whatever you want try it
this is mmm that just felt awful what
then look on her face was just winning
it made me sad Jack it made me sad
you're you're you're you're kind of a
monster yes did you not understand what
there might would be a fun way to
destroy a tank thermite thermite yeah
hello friend goodbye
hello there you go now you did I believe
that's all the people in here doo doo
doo doo doo excuse me
about me shelf thermite is very
dangerous
I can imagine I think there are a lot of
ways to destroy a VHS tape that that we
have yet to explore and I would like to
I'd like to explore some more you know
the the one of the big problems as far
as destroying VHS is our concern is we
just haven't run across many lately that
we feel really passionately about you
know and I feel if we were really
passionate about destroying a VHS we
would we would put some effort into it
you know I I heard the most wonderfully
nerdy story about John Carmack and
thermite okay when he was still a kid he
once stole an Apple 2 computer from a
school and you know you know because
this is the nerdiest fucking thing I
ever heard he stole an Apple 2 computer
by making a like a thermo thermite and
taped like around a window and he burned
a hole in the window so he wouldn't set
off the alarm in the window to get into
the window so he could steal an apple
tube computer oh then it's just like the
nerdiest crime ever agreed I agree
that's great it's fat fun ruined it fun
let's hit that for him his fat friend
couldn't fit the hole they burned in the
window so the fat friend foolishly like
broke the rest of the window open and
that set off the alarm and they got
busted still
damn uh well I mean that's great that's
great yes the moral is don't bring fat
friends to crimes yes
that's a fine moral
to find morale I'm okay with all of this
a hundred percent who was John Carmack
father I oh he's one of the founders of
in software
he made doom John makes doom doom quake
Commander Keen somewhat less
impressively to jump on it oh you can't
I tried hitting it with my sword don't
you think you should be able to do this
rich yeah actually do know if it's got
like a metal kind of bar there he
wouldn't be able to do that in real life
I don't know it's fine maybe the cord
some kind of pipe wrong button
woopsy dupes wrong button yes and
Wolfenstein I forgot to mention
Wolfenstein oh that was terrible of me
he didn't mean he didn't make daikatana
that was that was John Romero the other
John who was ultimately dumber
it's probably a master key for the lab
somewhere
which pronounces Wolfenstein correctly
how do people say it I'll probably steam
no I think you say Wolfenstein yeah a
lot of people say Wolfenstein that's the
right way but you say Stein which is the
right one oh my god people say Stein
yeah do you dig is my question
key
I mean key I forgot where the key is
it was an accident no I always say like
Wolfenstein yes I've known right for a
while he always says he's like Wilson
sure I didn't realize people said
Wolfenstein I didn't know that was the
thing that's the thing
I forget the mispronunciation was the
holy eye thing Stein's Dean
I'm with ya of course the key
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says yes
tenner I can be bought at many gun
stores it makes exploding targets for
rifles did I hit it
question mark kaboom what do you think
fuck nuts I've also heard it's illegal
to use for commercial purposes I don't
know I don't think I'm touching that
shit
zabba crowd excuse me
zarbor crowd says I can't believe they
actually got you to play the 7th guest
so here's $2 IP Oh two dollars
exclamation point
PS I love the stunt you pulled at the
end to stop playing the game I thought
it was an actual mistake at first I
actually was I didn't realize there was
a thing to hit okay so actually was not
a stunt no he's gonna believe it
that's fine cuz I guess the other Jesus
Christ shut up already stream and much
the same way that's that's the only
problem is now look if we do it again
it'll be fake it'll be genuinely fake
oh well no I'm saying that's the problem
with people thinking that it was done on
purpose is now that's - yep in which you
have we have ended with with bad saves
so you know we have to make sure next
time we really think about the save
you know gotta get up get up get up
what's that murmur about john carmack
that his cat peed on a new leather couch
so that he had to put down I don't think
that's a rumor I think it's in the book
I think it's something he did he had his
cat put down because of like peed on a
piece of furniture he liked the
furniture is expensive and cats a
replaceable yeah yeah I'm not gonna
you're not gonna get any cat sympathy
from me I mean I got a cat I love like
that but fucking man it sounds like it
might be a terrible person oh just like
a general dickhead like like potentially
a sociopath oh wow there you go that's
worse than general dickhead yeah lacking
lacking in human empathy sure okay
I've never used a grenade do it do it
nice nice
I can't believe they didn't notice that
first grenade really think they would
have seen that
oh yeah I guess I could go
all right
do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do how to
kill you Duke it's all finished traffic
far this summer yeah apparently not
that's fine
ship rick says trend that I'm sick of
when people idolize assholes by saying
at least they're smart see house
Sherlock etc those those characters are
fictional they're they're not real
they're fun characters because they're
assholes but they're they're not
actually hurting anybody's actual
feelings because they're well then
they're not real sorry I'm big an
asshole almost why don't I have some fun
yeah sorry Jen says Jack Bob Jack have
you ever heard of the trauma center
series it's kind of like Layton slash
Phoenix but you're a surgeon and you got
to do surgery very precisely and quickly
it gets very difficult actually yes it
gets very difficult very quickly
it sounds like operation it's a little
like operation and it's very difficult
and it's it's kind of interesting it was
actually a little too difficult for me
it was too difficult for me I played the
first one and got to a point
Jiminy Cricket prick bastard says bad
saves equals shitty UI and garbage game
design I agree with that bad saves like
the Ceph gust we didn't know we had to
click on the I didn't know it had to
click on the other thing to actually
save it oh boy I had already clicked on
save and absolutely absolutely but you
know what also how old is that game yeah
you can't it's no excuse it's no excuse
shitty designs no excuse yeah it was
really shitty menu design well isn't
there a better name for that for menu
design like user experience er dr. house
refused to see me about my motorcycle
accident so screw him he kept saying I'm
acting I was like no asshole I could
show you the crash report it's fun it's
fun I get it I get it I get what's going
on here I'm hip
so rich yeah
important question yeah important doctor
question yeah so obviously I'm going to
kill her yeah that is a no-brainer
yeah do i cure her first yes yes you
totally cured her first and I'm the real
question is can I cure her and then kill
her is that even possible save it first
and then actually can you skip all the
ship by just curing her right when you
meet her like it's going to find the
thing and make the care can you skip all
of it I'm assuming you can you can skip
over it by this killing her yeah I
didn't even try
oh well that's all I'm gonna do now
we're just gonna we're just gonna kill
her right away
yeah like killer even before we find out
she's the crown killer I suppose that
would work right let's just see you
let's see what happens there she is
well that was easy
yeah cuz now I could this be like a
whole back and forth thing about like
final zero that for me is great I love
that great
that's weird look at this Oh would you
fuck yourself with what are you gonna
read a thing
so you can oh she's the crown killer Oh
talk to this guy oh sure look what uh he
had a thick skull right I guess you can
save him this way oh he's dead how he
just died
Saul finds this please don't blame her
she had no idea what her other stuff was
doing she doesn't know the monster she
has become ah I never have had some
great dialogue what oh I already killed
her
oh yeah she's the crown oh yeah yeah oh
that's fortune oh wow oh I mean I was
just murdering people I guess you know
you win some you lose some
okay throwing a rat's chat saying oh
that's how you skip a cutscene
absolutely do you guys find that as you
get older you care less and less about
stirring games and more about gameplay
no I think I think my problem is when
games disregard gameplay in favor of
story I don't think there's any problem
with having story in a game if it's if
it's not interfering with the game being
a good game and you know I'll say as I'm
getting older I'm becoming more and more
okay with stories and games as I was
younger if there was I mean you still
have to skip cutscenes like no yes yeah
but you know even just a couple of years
ago I would just indiscriminately skip
now I feel like I'm listening to them
more for the show mm-hmm and so I think
I'm becoming desensitized I think in
recent years I've probably been a bit
traumatized by like the order and
Naughty Dog games I was like game you
don't want a game in your game he's
smart this is my talking it's not a
cutscene because technically you're
walking around while the people are
talking
there's hours of it you killed look at
this you killed dr. Alexandria without
talking to her find out what happened to
anton sokolov by searching the
recuperation area okay I do need to I
still need to do something over here
okay I need to I need the clue that
tells me where Sokoloff is or else we
can't move forward because fuck yeah I
killed her
she was the crown killer I would have
killed her no matter what
look at this bitch you know what I'm
gonna do
fucking throats and shit yeah deal then
I probably don't like read some shit or
something
dead body how am I supposed to do here
search the recuperation area oh I need
some shit no see this is this is where
we get a text adventure II like this
what what is that what is it oh those
are bottles that's why I just rub my my
little cursor here on everything on the
desk looking for this stupid thing I
need but you don't have dark fishing huh
I think you got to go to where she made
the wheel you have to make the potion
it's probably where you need to go I
listened to the audio thing did it I
think accounts Vincent D'Onofrio by the
way is great as the Duke great all right
we're getting out of here we're fucking
out of this we're fucking out of this
place yesterday's okay what reading that
yeah
hey that's how I feel about reading that
sometimes you people hate I know weird
stuff I know that's like I guess overall
it's fine I do what you do you know
it's your $2
are there any deliberately bad movies
that we enjoy I wanna share so yeah the
fun in a bad movie is the fact that
somebody tried I think if it's
deliberate you lose all of that I can't
think of any that I've really enjoyed
I've stopped my head are you sure yeah
you missed the guy the gun the gun is in
an unwieldy position yeah I am the mouse
and so I usually don't
I would you remind them well cuz I like
I never use that stuff yeah and I'm not
used to like using my thumb for stuff
like you are you're a thumb user and
nice the buttons are like on the top so
I'm like more of a yeah yeah thingy whoa
what the fuck was that
something oh the spotlight thing saw me
how about you settle down
the gun has a backstory to it and Jack
just can't stand that shit oh is that
true that's what you're saying
the gun has a backstory you guys who hit
the point where you just leave yeah oh
you should throw that at that guy again
go down there and check it out nope what
the fuck I was not anywhere near close
enough to him died right
that wasn't fall that was quite a fall
we should should have broken both your
fucking legs I rolled tucked and rolled
rich roll quick tip to every assassin
tuck and roll think we killed everyone
no I do not and never have sleep walked
at least not that I know I'm right in
this place yet yeah I think my my all
murder run is doing is going very well
yeah I'm feeling really good about it
it's too late jack is too into the
murder to stand up oh I know and I need
to I need to stand up I just want to
know what happens if you kill her
earlier there's no one to show up at the
boat you get a game over
oh I think I'm about done you think
you're about done what time we go oh
it's 10:10 I got I got family stuff
going on tomorrow oh that's true yeah
you know what we got we got three good
missions and lots of murder I feel I'm
feeling pretty happy yeah yeah I'm
feeling pretty happy about where where
we are I want to just get past this and
I'll get to the menu I'm okay with that
blood clots avoided now I should have
been standing up more regularly that's
my fault
it felt great playing this again really
I really enjoyed this game that's good
good I'm really I'm really digging it
seven of war dances rich and Jack do you
like spicy food and if so what is your
favorite spicy food dish sauce typically
no extremely mild jalapeno poppers
extremely mild let's as hot as I go this
is how does he go yeah I like spicy food
I dig it I had to explain feet I
regularly just put hot sauce and chin on
my shit yeah just just because I like
spicy food and late lately I've been
putting a lemma driving me nuts
oh yeah what is it called
Korean pepper No
lately I've been putting a very specific
spicy thing into my food because it's
supposed to be good for your circulation
you try to remember what it's called
though it's called it's like a sea spicy
Ashish spicy and like you put it into
sriracha is great it's not sriracha it's
a fuck I'm looking at you chat you
always think of the thing it's like red
it's like cayenne pepper thank you thank
you jur Kayne pepper Kayne pepper
cayenne pepper is supposed to be really
good for your circulation it's very
spicy but I put it in everything it's
great I love it having my with my eggs
in the morning I just enjoy spicy shit
and yes chat the final fantasy donation
does have to be one single 998 dollar
donation mostly because I don't want to
play final fantasy and that's a very
unreasonable number but to help I'm
gonna help sell it to you Chet I'm gonna
help sell to you because rich has
promised any final fantasy game of your
choosing and to full for our stream then
could it be two Final Fantasy games one
per stream or does it have this one
that's fine that's fun so you could you
could torture him twice or make him play
eight hours of Final Fantasy 15 which I
hear is terrible but obviously
ridiculous that's fine and that's fine
because ritual
you you have no you have no bargaining
power with this because rich really does
not want to play that I don't I don't oh
wait we need a because of the computer
crash we need the subs thing yet the
subs thing hold on
you can hey you guys if you want to pull
your money outside and then do we need a
one-time donation now I'm not playing to
completion that's at least 20 hours
probably right yeah I know way more so
what we do here we go like you like this
and subs
there we go okay sir I don't know we got
yeah all right all right we gotta have
other things here now we carry you go
back over here because that's where you
belong oh yes
oh yes thank you you come over here cuz
you've come over here that's where you
belong we're getting there hold on
all right this is the point in the
stream in which we thank all the people
who came out and subscribe to us during
the stream much like electric
grasshopper who just subscribed using a
twitch prime jerath Garros says longtime
viewer and now eventually longtime
subscriber thanks to Amazon Amazon
Amazon and his own would be weird as
correct welcome to the Amazon keep up
the good work
yeah all which way should I go now
the junior the j-rod V so I'm gonna say
that lemon the mines little mines the
mines Jimmy up the jams 22 fucking
months in a row Steve the ghost says
mega punch sup done Buckwald goat nuke
miss Mecca 0 may - I'll ask 1984 18
months in a row that's my life has been
so much more complete in the past month
Jodie cricket prick bastard says so we
had the 7th guest now who will be the
ninth justice thanks rich yeah blow your
butt Dostoevsky hooray I'm famous for a
second anyway thanks for the
entertainment how about some sunless sea
in the future its kind of made for your
stream fun FTL mechanics and discovery
I've heard good things about sunless sea
yes that is on my list lots of
opportunities for weird voices ok I love
it I love it
well make it happen dimitri p i bins ice
to zero zero oh my god half a year
that's almost as long as six months wet
was 26 months in a row fucking months in
a row even sinan sinnerman hello to my
other favorite gremlin commentary aired
everyone's
and Sunday I looked over in a lost my
spot because movie Oh bother
nineteen months in a row I was going to
say exactly what cinnamon said but he
plagiarized it damn sarcasm no we MN
says I have aliens in my backyard creep
mobile 21 fucking months in a row says
she okay jahmai 73 gruff Macmillan Terry
holy shit just one more month before I
joined the 12-month subscriber club at
last something good happened in 2016
Jimmy was moon what give us okay give us
moon fifteen months in a row Lord wet
two months of thanking you guys for the
years of entertainment keep it up thank
you thank you
insulin what okay insulin King 2016 okay
for I wonder I looked at it for a second
I thought insulin King I know I read
that earlier I know that's not right
Ches eighty seven twenty four fucking
months in a row two years of what the
fuck we should have really made the two
years of twenty four of the two year
anniversary I think we jumped the gun
with the twenty thing we're gonna keep
doing it I was going intends you know I
will the first freshman was twelve
that's when we read it it's twelve it's
a year
oh I suppose you're right listen yeah
that's my fault
I jumped the gun okay that's fine
yours yours number leases moist clam lol
fuck my clams alright Ryan from MI says
hello ghost my goblins
yo qui sky dandy twenty six fucking
months in a row
pineapple Yeti honey snuggle 17 months
in a row says what you're shaking your
head so again
huggy snuggle Oh fine fine
I need my ice Jack I think it's going on
Huggies normal 17 months a neurosis
cuddles Duke fizzle beef and it's two
more the office Ridge says it is written
that it is my destiny to subscribe for
12 months you are the chosen ones rich
in Jack if your destiny you can do it
you have to you've got something to live
for
dag Hesh thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated it's true we really
do we really really do anymore anymore
Tippy's come in No
