Jun 12, 2016
Steamworld Heist
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/80274328
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/80278709
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crK0q28GGVc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlTglisQCjg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/742082663134044165

[Part I]
where we are uncharacteristically early
that we're here it's gonna happen
sometimes we're here early
that's great
yeah sure
if you want it hey everybody welcome to
the stream let me know about game audio
we cannot hear the game audio I can turn
it up or down
so let me know if the game audio is too
low too high
crazy I guess we never showed
read my letter we did start early it's
loud it's loud little loud okay I will
turn it down how about that
okay now how's the game audio that turns
out too much possibly kick it up there
how's that how's the game audio after
three if I be if I he's a three game
audio of something so how was how was
everything without me dude boring
he's boring
you didn't play any fun games I played a
lot of fun games played over lunch I did
not play over well good for you
those overwatch fuckers will really
start to piss me off
your visits it really wants to play
something talking about it every three
seconds a bad way to go about things a
bad bad way to go about things
yeah oh that's right wait I know I this
game static sorry buddy I know I was
game setting
why is the game shot
there now there should be decidedly less
game audio static if not I don't really
know what to do so what is this this is
steam world the heist steve world steam
world hi steam world there's a series of
games that it started off with kind of a
2d minecraft clone called steamworld dig
that was a lot like i'm terraria a
little really heard of it it kind of
looked like to her area and so steam
world is like they had to have a few
games this game is heist I'm going to
describe this game as XCOM but for deck
still missing still
Oh pause pause pausing for his father
for his
headphones for hiss turned down for what
that's awkward
bad
yeah that's awful bad sorry everybody
working on it
it's a problem forever mice no it's it's
a hiss from the vs
why why is the question why is the
question could be the cable we have
another cable nothing now the quality
stream from jagan ridge high quality
string well the strings here get your
quality streams yeah son of a bitch
fixed barking fixed higher you got it I
fixed it because I turned it off so Jack
it's gone
yep it's gone because I turned it off
the game off
I turned the sound for the game off and
that's so that's not necessarily a fix
we're gonna try something else here and
see if this works
yes we just started we just started
welcome everybody testing
that's so fucked up why do you do that
phantom power has been switched off
phantom power switch
I'm just sitting here don't mind me
don't mind me
two backs thank you for subscribing 17
months in a row and baby
yeah good oh my god baby yeah go Ella
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
so what's the story in the meantime what
kind of yeah people get old and die
that's the story right there it has a
beginning a middle and actually I forgot
the beginning people are born they get
old and they die
beginning middle end that's the story
that's it that's a horrible storage it's
still story that is true but that's a
horrible story life is full of horrible
stories did you know that III starting
today
is anything what's what's going on with
you three is anything interesting happen
so far no I think I figured it out
look I you know I had a working vacation
I'm I'm working on moving the fiance up
here oh yeah
so III spent all week like sorting and
boxing in the shed so it really it
wasn't vacation I figured I figured it
out
okay so rich uh can I get a testing one
two testing one two testing one two one
two testing testing all right
- ting after jack has figured it out can
you guys hear the game audio
I believe I figured it out now it's just
about adjusting the volume and cleaning
the rlm viewing room somebody made a
mess no game audio okay can turn it up a
little bit
Chernobyl kinsman thank you for
subscribing 14 months in a row really
appreciate it's true I'm sure we really
do okay so now now we're gonna say five
after after the the letter five how are
we doing this is V five this is version
five of the game audio after v5 how does
it work
letter five okay great five there it is
better five no hiss right no hiss can
you hear it sounds good yes perfect
letter five fuck yeah but when I do I
want to do videos for clients you know
and I give them you know the final
product you know so this is you know
project one v01 and then they they make
changes okay project 1 V 0 to V 0 3 and
then you go on and on until you get the
final project but then if you have very
special clients you get final Prosser
you know like project 1 final V 2 final
V 3 no this is so this is the final
final final there's a committee of
people that feel like they need to
justify their job yes and if you hand
them a video and and they say it's fine
that means that looks like they didn't
do any work exactly what why do they
need why does the company need those
people that is so now that I've
personally worked at many of these but
the way I understand it is that you hand
them a final product and I mean you make
this like two seconds shorter
you know what it just doesn't have the
right feel to it I was hoping I was
hoping for okay so I have a question so
I'm gonna play steamworld heist which
which I will describe as XCOM but for
Jack because it is a turn-based tactical
strategy game but it's 2d it has
steampunk robots as you see right there
and you actually have to aim your gun
now but that's okay thanks but haven't
seen this yeah that's part of the world
so this is a very Jack XM so I have a
question for I'm about three hours into
the game no thoughts on e3 fuck III
that's my thoughts I mean here's the
question does anybody actually watch
these fucking boring ass overly long
press conferences unless it's part of
their job and then people that actually
look forward to this shit yeah you went
to all this shit is done and then you go
online and you look for a summary of
actual announcements yep and then if
something actually sounds good but maybe
you look at a little bit of footage of
just that section but what kind of what
could have insane person sits down to
watch this shit live if they're not
getting paid to do it I have no idea you
know I used to watch III like there you
know like I watched it some way back in
the day but you know like you cannot
watch a bunch of corporate assholes
pretend to like games while trying to
sell you crap for four hours more so you
just you you get the list of stuff every
here's the list of everything that's
announced oh here and and here's
hyperlinks all the trailers that's what
you want that's all I want
yeah is the list yeah maybe the list
give me the list too
okay so I have a quick question about
steamworld heist do people want me to
start a fresh game including like the
tutorial level and everything or do you
want me to continue playing knowing that
I'm about three hours in I think they
want us to play overwatch
I love overwatch by the way I'm not
gonna play it I'm not gonna play
overwatch on stream but I love overwatch
it's a great game it's a fantastic
first-person shooter what are the pros
and cons of overwatch yes of starting
this thing over the the pros is starting
over as people get to see it from the
beginning the con is you know the early
levels are really simple fresh fresh but
continue okay we have mostly plushies
continue I might have missed some but it
looks like it's two and two right now -
and - and some overwatch comments I love
overwatch fuckin Symetra for the win
tutorial suck continue continues pulling
ahead continues blowing ahead continue
continue and continues one okay alright
I will continue them symmetric I'm more
fresh but I think it was too little too
late for for overwatch for the win by
the way she's the one of the greatest
defensive characters ever shit one of
her powers is she can place turrets
anywhere on walls and ceilings and the
turrets not only damage your enemy but
slow them down and so if you can
strategically place the turrets for any
of the big enemies so you kind of get
trapped in a web and then all your
teammates know and they can focus their
attack on them she also has the the
special super ability for a teleporter
which is credibly useful
it's it's very fun for me I'm not I'm
not gonna ever play it on streem because
that is a game just for me okay I am
going to play them three hours and 44
minutes okay so here is the basics of
the game you play as this little you
play as the ship captain here are all my
crew these are you know these are my
soldiers if you're if we're thinking
XCOM different classes different weapon
upgrades you can kind of pick these up
bars and so it's not top down it's not
top down it's too deep
it's a 2d side-scroller I'm waiting to
see what about this is anything like
that scum well you'll see okay so you
know this is basically that your base
yeah
in excellent okay so now let's go find
let's go see if we can find a mission I
mean I'm sure we can find oh no is my
only mission left like that I don't want
to do like the big bad one I don't want
to start on like a final boss mission
rocket wait
well yeah I like rocket League that's
the exception not the rule because you
can't play it with bots that I've done
that too much
and I'll go back to one of my older
levels where I didn't do too well well
you know let's see what this is
let's just see what this is done any off
stream Dark Souls 3 plane I mean I did I
think I've talked about this I did right
after we did that stream and I mean in
total I think I got 15 18 hours into
Dark Souls 3 and I just have not cared
about it since that's that's the real I
would have to reinstall it I know it
wasn't running so great earlier now you
probably get it to run now yes yes train
race all that Nana says rich do you plan
to have children I don't plan to but
things are usually accidents aren't
thing
what what's sane human being would plan
to have a child every time every time he
talks about them but just sounds
horrible some kind of some kind of
disease that one of them has a birthday
party issue take time out your Saturday
to drive across town fuck that
I just recruited someone new that's what
that was hey you do though you're like
anonymous hey guys enjoy this poem
corporate AIDS trying to sew games but
all they do was cause rich pains mmm III
is a joke the sheeple of America an
offensive disgusting
we all need an enema Oh what as an event
III is is unnecessary like I said list
list of new shit list of new shit list
of new shit I think there were there was
a time in which III advantage served
served well what I'm saying is to serve
the purpose yeah kind of pre or early
days of Internet it's served a purpose
right but I don't think you need a
multi-million dollar conference no not
anymore
like I think Nintendo has the right idea
absolutely just for you sir here's a
pre-recorded video yep expect this yeah
and you know what they still go to e3
like they have playable demos they have
like well cuz that's the other part of
e3 it's like people can go there learn
about the games it's all a corporate
hype machine but you know I need to I'll
choose this one and we'll see if this
one does any good fresh matches don't
want to export seems like a good place
the Nintendo pre-made video is a lot
more entertaining to watch then the the
corporate conferences with the corporate
jerks who don't care about games and
don't like you it's have to pretend
otherwise
it's so awful listening to those guys
listening to those guys talk they they
do not project confidence well yeah a
three-way tie games we love gamers and
that's why we've created super
microtransactions for gamers by gamers
because we make games that we're also
gamers you give us your credit card and
then the transactions start
automatically you don't even know that
opening
what kind of concrete Lance's yeah hello
previously rectum hello after yours my
friend bugging me to get into creature I
finally have and I adored so far I'm
about 3/4 done with it
rich poor your favorite characters from
it rich Jessie into the mayhem I like
our main characters they're fine main
characters hair stars a good villain
yeah hair star it was only in one story
arc but the meat man was pretty fun he
ran a slaughterhouse
so here's the little area where you can
you know change your characters change
your loadouts everyone has different
weapons which do different things and
different items that I picked up you
know like this gives you an extra hit
this is a medkit here your bullets do
extra damage you get an extra action
turn makes you faster melee here's the
guy just picked up he's another like
heavy class and I got this bazooka so
you know you got you want to try out the
bazooka we'll see how he does we'll see
how he does so now is where we get into
ex-con so you see the bottom screen
there's a dog yep and the the blue
squares are cover the green things are
doors and the manage to open a door to
the escape pod already it'll stay open
so go as far as you dare Wow okay great
okay so now just remember that the way
back can be mighty dangerous home I
suppose right so now you know you go
through your characters you get a
certain number of movement points cover
okay and then here are the bad guys and
so you know like for example it with my
with my lady here my lady Bob we're
gonna find some cover here by this
barrel and then that you guys can't see
but or you guys can't see me pointing
but you know that man with the axe is an
enemy okay so unlike XCOM you actually
have to physically aim your gun is your
aim 100% what do you mean like if I
shoot up here I might not get them so I
have to hit them if you're if you're
like like right there your gun is
obviously pointed up yes is there a
chance to miss no not if it's point you
know like here obviously this is
point-blank yeah so I'm not gonna miss
where it gets interesting
if you had a laser sight of a perfect
yes and this this paper is my sniper she
has a laser sight but here's where it
gets interest for guns that don't have
the laser sights let's say this guy was
further away yeah or was behind some
cover
you can ricochet bullets so but here
obviously I'm just gonna blank
I'm obviously just gonna point blank
let's see what's in this door like this
guy who's pretty far away like yeah
she's got the laser sight but you got to
look and see like I'm not moving it
right there that's just like natural
drift okay but like you know headshots
do more damage you get points for an
amazing ricochet I don't know if you get
points I mean you kill the guy yeah you
kill the guy rich that's the important
part yeah so this mission is literally
just about getting as far in this big
ship as far in this big ship as I can
and getting as much loot as possible oh
I kind of this got a little story to it
and you know obviously much cuter
graphics but yeah we're just looting the
ships we're looting for water water is
our currency because we're all steam
BOTS and it's just kind of cute like I
said it's XCOM but for Jack nice to 91
hey guys if you don't know there is a
huge sale on GOG just now just picked up
doom System Shock 2 and spelunky for
under $10 move check out the little big
adventure games get both for three total
Cheers
thank you hang on the info check out the
sale and again oh okay great
sales are great every everyone should
own spelunky spunky's one of my favorite
games so here you have a chance to own
spelunky
maybe popped up behind us well you know
what let's see what this bazooka does
kills you with a splash damage it does
yes you're standing right next to a
thing you're shooting right well like
I'm gonna shoot this way okay well I
should not dead
he's not that but I shot his cover I
killed his cover and of course I have
these other people with me all right
well that helps a little bit well now I
don't want to open the door yet so
you're just gonna hi and I did kill oh I
already I already took care of it well
so the the blue and the yellow is where
you can move if you stay within the
yellow dashed line you can still shoot
also its opposite XCOM we're totally not
XCOM it's now is the yellow that sets
the the first book oh is ex-con the
other way blue is you can still shoot oh
yes so much opposite of XM if you go
into the blue is your dad I don't know
what you're talking about this ludicrous
nothing alike Anonymous is Jack guy Jack
play tf2 on streaming it was a great fun
why did you categorically decide to not
play overwatch on stream and how much
money would persuade you to do otherwise
was tf2 a lot of fun I mean we did have
some fun playing tf2 uh no I I will
probably play overwatch on stream right
now I'm enjoying it and there's so many
other people who are so much better at
the game than me where it's like if you
really want to watch someone play
overwatch just go watch star or go watch
Germa or go watch someone who is like
and actually good at playing it you know
okay
well and also but also remember I don't
have it on PC yet and so
you can play with me because I usually
put a couple hours to take on Xbox one
but you know are there any games from 83
you guys are actually excited about how
the fuck do we know until they announce
the game it's like the new shit you care
about yeah no I just don't I just don't
I don't care about anything or anyone
we're here and my captain has a as a
perk or if she's standing next to
someone they're inspired so they do more
damage and now my two biddies over here
I'll do super damage Oh and kill shot
means I get another at Oh
Oh but I don't need it because he's dead
I was interested in the new doom but
there obviously has already come out
yeah you guys in the extra game such as
Devil May Cry and got a for definitely
cry it was fun gotta four is
button-mashing shit button mash and QTE
shit on ninja gaiden is so much better
than God of War buff like yourself for
saying gotta for that was Wow my
response to tender juicy check me Wow I
played a little bit of the first one God
of War I and I just hit the X button he
just started spinning his things
everywhere you know arc that was like
half the screams like why even doing its
the swing everywhere button for a little
bit though before you before you figure
that out didn't you say that almost it's
not a moron like I started playing this
and I was like oh I think I'm gonna be a
badass about this and then you guys as
you go on you're like oh I don't have to
do anything there was a moment there was
a small moment though to be fair I
haven't played much of it but I haven't
played much of it because I got sick of
it real quick
sure sure sure
and I'm being an ass
it's fine if you enjoy god of war but no
it's not fine
I don't know why you're talking about it
now that I don't like brawlers because
I'm fucking fucking love Ninja Gaiden
it's not fine right I don't know Ninja
Gaiden 1 & 2 with the ship it's you know
it's crap and it's garbage and everyone
should be ashamed like a chart for
that's so crappy that game is so fucking
crap I hate it so hard dude give it a
chance we played it for 4 hours if your
game is still shit after 4 hours you
have a problem it's a 14 hour long nikka
care if it was just about to be good no
matter what 30% of your game is shit if
you can't sell me in the first 4 hour
and you know we debated for a while we
didn't first 4 hours up well exactly and
I said oh you know maybe just like oh
the first hour of this game and rich is
like that's not enough to know we're
like up to two hours that's still not
enough like what's what's this what's
the cutoff for like if I play game the
safe cutoff
what's the bare minutes a cut-off for
well you know we've given it a shot
yes and it's four hours that's what we
came up with at least and I firmly
believe that four hours is correct
here so what so Jack you watch bad
movies to have fun sometimes but you
ever play bad games to have fun we
played Uncharted 4 for 4 hours and I
wouldn't say it was much fun
one small ball says doesn't matter how
big you are at any game we just enjoy
you for you also lol fuck might be neat
Frankie says rich Jane I love you guys
keep being awesome how about that
comment day that's fine that's fine my
fun
Anonymous's hey guys I just barked down
well the other day and has quickly
become one of my favorite roguelike
games ever
mmm the perfect definition of short and
sweet in my opinion what are your
thoughts I haven't played a bunch cuz
you know we ended up playing doom the
show yep
whatnot but I enjoyed my time with
downtown yep I might pick it up for
brief spurts good yeah it is it is a
good length you just got a quick game
play a little double yeah you know I
recently got a recently came up for the
ps4 and Vita and it's a great it's a
great like I have two minutes to kill
Vita game cuz you know just go down a
couple so it's a great handheld game the
only problem is I wish there was a way
to play it like this because the game is
all vertical and so what happens on the
Vita is I don't use two thirds of my
screen
oh you know what I'll have a look at the
settings in the PC I wonder if there's a
double portrait mode oh that would be
great the game you know like it I know
I've seen it it runs on iPhones and
iPads yeah but of course no physical
buttons but you know on a physical
button
I want a physical button yeah yeah but
it would be perfect for a phone game
because you get that vertical space and
I wanna I want some way to flip it on my
Vita to play it to play it vertically
I'm so fuckin dead also something you
should know you guys or order the game
was only taking up half the screen right
this kind of looks weird that half the
screen is black well the game was the
game is ripped single and it's a
sideways rectangle what you want we're
doing this on the Vita and you know you
got the two Vita screams we're playing
this we're playing this on the Vita is
Nintendo Nintendo station Vita Wow three
Vitas
we're playing this on the 3ds and so
that's that's kind of what we get
usually we have like the color bars I
don't know oh you don't have the color
bars on this you know we have just like
that background thing yeah yeah leave
this color bar that's fine that's fine
just so fucking dead and he plans to do
a full review of uncharted 4 nope you
couldn't you couldn't pay me to play
that fucking thing again all done all
done you know what I think of it damn it
right right what else do you want from
us it's like fire watch with less
interesting characters snap what's a
sick burn rich sick burn
I am unaware of any warcraft half in the
bag plans doesn't mean there are I'm
just not aware of it probably not it's
doing great in China sort of sort of
turn into Genesis that's what I wanted
you to say China's ruining movies for
everyone everyone says that every way
every critic I have I've heard and has
said like the Warcraft movie is just
unintelligible like they have no it's
it's a terrible terrible movie but it's
doing gangbusters because of China I'm
really hoping that diplomatic relations
get really bad so wait you know like
maybe they maybe they close off the
borders and we can stop you know
exporting our films there okay so uh I
died wait what we need but what I'm
saying is we need another Cold War I
need a cold war with China we do not
need a cold war a cold war with China
will not help okay so I died because I
made a really stupid mistake yeah I'm a
laid a enemy that explodes when you kill
them and two of my people were right
next to that enemy because I was not
thinking correctly what does this mean
ah so like an X come another another
reason why this is more of a jack game
is because it's a little lighter and
XCOM if your if your guy is downed right
they're injured and you can't use them
on missions and they have to take time
to heal them here you just lose some
money okay and your your anyone who
doesn't make the mission doesn't level
up at the end of the mission so they
don't die they don't die permanently so
there's there's no permanent you just
lose money I have not gotten to the
point yet where I lose so much that I
lose all my money maybe there there's
some sort of permanent
but I was asking how hard this game I'm
playing on the the medium difficulty and
so far I've found it adequately
challenging like I I have gotten through
missions where I felt really good and
really smart I handled that correctly
I've also lost a bunch of mission yeah
like that one but I made a really stupid
mistake so not as hard as XCOM but you
still saved satisfying it's still
satisfying it's it's it's light it's a
lighter game so I still think it's
satisfying though but I kind of like the
lighter game's Germans you play says I
enjoyed you I enjoyed your first four
hours of uncharted 4 thank you it really
mirrors my feelings of uncharted 3 no I
can't believe the universal praise no
tension because the clear cut between
platforming shooting set pieces no
build-up no no and like even you know
the one the little bits of gameplay that
we did get like the one shootout section
yet people complained bitterly that we
we cut out the action scenes for one you
did show the punching and you show some
of the boat shootout yep yep you did
show some of that yep and you total all
of those action bits together what was
that like 7 minutes so far oh yes
absolutely
we got one gun battle in which we
actually did not have to shoot anyone
cuz the other the other NPCs were just
happy to shoot everything exactly and
then we got the boat chase scene which
is more adult oil and a little dark
who'sa tutorial we saw the boats too I
said well I'm never gonna see another
boat in this game again this is
pointless that was my reaction to the
boats I've also read someone in the
comment section mmm-hmm that you can
just drive that boat around in a circle
and eventually the other boat that
scripted to ram into you like it'll
eventually just force you to ram into it
of course of course that was clear a
scripted moment but it's so immersive so
you have no control over anything that
happens so immersive who's gonna have to
pretend it's immersive man it's
immersive that makes an immersive what
as long as as long as you want more than
anything in life for it to be immersive
it will be immersive yeah and you know
I've read some of the comments why don't
you just swim just move your arms in the
air and swim
it'll be so amazing like I've read some
of the comments about like you guys
weren't letting it be immersive and and
here's here's the thing you do you have
to be you have to be willing to give
something let you like if you go to a
comedy club you have to be willing to
laugh right but at the same time they
need to be funny the committee so like
rich and I are gamers we are always
willing to have a good time while
playing a game that's a strange question
to me because I have never not been
willing to laugh that's that's the thing
where it's like I think we are always
willing to have a good time playing a
game we want to have a good time playing
a video game but they have to have a
good game look so I am naturally cynical
I expected pretty much what we got you
know and uncharted for actually I
expected a little bit more actual gaming
then we got okay we have far less like
like shooting and you know it meant my
cynical expectations but here's the
thing when I go into a game cynically if
the game is good I'll still like the
game I was worried I was you know doing
well they're probably not gonna get away
they have made it they have made a
shooter I've loved in years is gonna be
like a modernized doom mm-hmm and then I
played doom as you know I was expecting
I was expecting to be let down loved it
really yeah I can go into a game with a
cynical mindset if the game is good it's
good I love it that'll change I would
say you know what oh you know what I'm
glad I was wrong if the game is good hmm
I expected shit pudding and that's what
I got with uncharted 4
all right let me let me read some of
these er that sintra I was that I was
about to ask you by the way for an
example
yeah of a game you went into really
cynically in Doom not Simon you know I
mean that's super cynical about it I
didn't expect it to be as horrible as I
expected I'm started for to be sure but
I wasn't expecting to fall in love with
them I was expecting to be you know
letdown you know there's no way you
could live up there gonna do something
stupid yeah something stupid I know like
I was really skeptical like the glory
kills I'm watching that takes control
away from you I don't think I'm gonna
like that I don't think I'm gonna like
and I love doing it what I actually got
my hands on today hmm so even though I
was cynical about that yeah
I came with really loving just about
everything that is good to know and
honest when is your time spent what The
Last of Us and uncharted 4 which is your
choice for best of the worst thank you
for your donation anonymous budget
Messiah says hi hi I'm Mike and J hi I
have a very serious question oh no not a
serious question which one which has
surely been asked before but I would
like to know would you guys ever do a
playthrough of star control - aka the
Burke ken Masters maybe do we have a
copy I don't know I don't know much
about the star controls
show you the honest truth
tell me more about star control before I
can give you an answer
Skulltula house says jak3 watch prereq
III 2015 vid loved your description of
Gears of War / Tomb Raider
you said they were walking along a path
and a series of scripted events happen
sound like another game I did
specifically we talked about Gears of
War and Laura Croft because almost the
exact same thing happened in both
trailers at e3 and so I loved cutting
back and forth between the two yes and
that's uncharted 4 - I'm so worried
about I you know what I like I think
we're gonna do gears for prereq because
I love Gears of War
here's war is a fine game it's a game
it's about it's not my preferred way of
playing shooters and all we know I hate
the fact that I don't hate gears
ya know this is a lot absolutely gears
is fun gears gears to me is like is like
is like an early Michael Bay movie where
it's just dumb fun and it knows it as
the series went on it got a little too
melodramatic for me and they were a
little too excited about their plot
twists it's like we don't fucking cares
but fun game and I'm pretty sure they're
gonna shit the bed with gears for I
don't know much about cares for it just
it looks it looks like a walking
simulator yeah it looks like I'm - is
someone else developing that's a good
question I don't know it looks a lot
like uncharted 4 okay maybe the army if
it's a different no it's the same dead
you kind of figure well you know they've
been doing this for a while it's what
they like we want to bring some dotty
target because that's where and changing
the way you look at Gears of War
we're gonna bring gaze of war to a new
generation of gamers we've introduced
week time events why am I talking like
this I don't know
III just exploding squid says III just
released the Mass Effect Andromeda
trailer I instantly knew rich how
excited you were for this Lord Beaumont
says I've bought Mirror's Edge for ps4
the day after you stream to Jack you
sold it for me no and I liked it more
than I thought I would it's fine anyone
see conjuring - well there be a half of
the bag about it you guys like him Jay
bug my ass my DJ but what not what's
gonna happen you know we just saw Jay vo
today and you know what we didn't talk
about is what he's doing next for half
in the bag we're talking about a bunch
of other stuff I'm sorry no meat you
know what Amir I was telling rich about
Mirror's Edge
it's it's a lot like the first Mirror's
Edge which is like a really interesting
premise the world is kind of douchey but
the controls are kind of fun it's it's
like it's this weird kind of good kind
of bad world where it is fun to just
flip around and run around the city but
it's also incredibly nauseating because
you're flipping around and running
around the city in this roll you roll in
the camera doesn't flip that sounds like
a terrible idea
it made my stomach jump every single
time okay I would never roll but well
you should you need to roll to go fast
okay but it's like it's a really
interesting premise I haven't played
since only because I started playing
steamworld heist but uh and and watch I
just took that disc right out of my xbox
one put overwatch back in without
overwatch I might have picked it up
someone Mirror's Edge it's kind of like
this it's kinda like this
it's my official review of Mirror's Edge
hey rich hey 3 trailer for you enjoy
this is anonymous I'm not even a flip on
this I know what the hell it is I don't
click on this I just turned it off yep
turn it up so much I care turn it off
worded my tips competition because I
clicked on it because I clicked on the
Andromeda the Andromeda idiot here we go
dromeda took away my tips Mass Effect
takes away everything good no anonymous
says warning incoming joke
what did Rich's hat say to Jack's head
hey there your head is a nightmare for
lice I read something wrong but rich is
a hat what did riches hat say to Jack's
head hey there your head is a nightmare
for lice he's supplying that I have one
since the joke
people have no hair but what would that
do for my head cuz like life's wouldn't
go to my head I don't know if I have
either so but but I also like lice need
hair to like hide in and burrow so it's
like why would it I barely have headache
was why your head would be a nightmare
for us oh I get I think I get it then
joke is that your ball that I have lice
it's just basically just an insult oh oh
the real Vance these guys should skip
Wednesday stream and come up to you
Claire for the you Claire municipal
band's concert at Owen Park three you
fucks concerts are too loud I told you I
went to something like drag with the
Summerfest and those consoles coracle
age plans
concreting says I enjoy games like punch
and allow even though I know the
gameplay the even though I know the game
played the focus I think doesn't isn't
missing Friday isn't the focus right
like at all like it barely happens I get
drawn in and waste a few hours of
escapism it's kind of like artful junk
food but I sink more into web-
but I think more time and do doom types
you're allowed to lightly let's despite
the fact that I can't stand like the I'm
sure it sounded doesn't mean that
anybody watching this chat is a horrible
person but I figure for liking the
Naughty Dog games I just don't I don't
get it no I just I'm just happy you for
you found enjoyment in something much
Messiah says I'm surprised you've not
even heard of star control two from the
classic era of early 90s computer gaming
and possibly has the best story of any
game ever
I think you two would love it the names
familiar i just i actually know nothing
about it i I would assume that's what
that'd be all you'd be all on that
that's not that sound that game sounds
incredibly like something Rich's into
niala says hi guys question Uncharted
games be improved if the climbing
mechanics were like classic tomb raider
actual risk of falling on a Ledge or is
game too far up its ass with story
chapters little both both you know
platforming it's not like it's
challenging platforming its tomb raider
was more like of like a puzzle like
figuring out what you're supposed to do
there was platforming - there was like
super mario 64 platforming and - lady
and i had to jump over the thing but but
it's mostly puzzles right yeah if I
climb up here maybe I can get to there
maybe that will work and charted what's
the only way you can go I'm trying to
think of how you would even like where's
the path like perhaps if what if what if
Uncharted had some sort of grip mechanic
like in Shadow of the Colossus where
well it needs some sort of game elements
Prince of Persia just play Prince of
Persia sands of time you're gonna get a
good we're gonna get a good platforming
yeah and a good story experience and the
two are married it's not a huge game
playing back to the story yeah a little
gameplay sands of time Prince of Persia
sense of you doing puzzles mmm the same
time if character who's talking to you
while you're actually doing the
platforming they're not just like
walking slowly to the kitchen
technically it's not a cutscene because
you're walking yourself through the
kitchen
remember when I had to make a choice
that's yeah and in an uncharted 4 and
then I completely disregarded my choice
it's not just a choice I'm just just
putting that out there
I was super pissed about that
the budget messiah says fans have
preserved slash remade the game as the
con the or Quan pronounced like or Quan
masters a free-to-play version which
recently got an h2 update check it out
on source SourceForge and please give
her a go right now we're doing scoop on
the cheap yep I guess I'm caught up on
uncharted 4 so my thought is you have
these you have these like rock climbing
platform you know like that's the
platforming in the game is more rock
climbing and so perhaps there's a way to
make some sort of game out of the rock
climbing you know like finding you know
if there are more footholds and you had
to like choose the right foothold and
conserve energy and you know like use
your your your grip strength or you had
a limited number of ropes and so you had
to make it up the thing you know like if
there was any sort of gameplay in the
climbing sections perhaps it could you
know be salvaged some yeah isn't Prince
of Persia on a rail just like Uncharted
right here's here's the thing but
uncharted being real a lot of people say
about Uncharted let yourself get
immersed ya know not every game has to
be an immersive experience okay not
necessary
mm-hmm but if you're on a rail you're
naturally not an immersive experience
YUM so there's nothing necessarily wrong
with the idea of being on a rail is just
you're don't settle that is an immersive
experience that's not impersonal now now
what Prince of Persia does right is it
actually has fun gameplay
there's there's the path you have to
take to get where you're going but the
actions of getting there the jumping and
the avoiding of the spikes that's all
fun actions to be performing it's fun
platforming unlike Uncharted which has
dulled platforming it's bad gameplay I'm
sure it is bad gameplay Prince of Persia
has fun gameplay hmm
Prince of Persia doesn't stop the
gameplay so the story can happen you're
talking to Pharaoh
while you're doing the jump she's
probably saying something in from across
the other side of the room waiting for
you to hit the switch she can join you
but you're doing the platformers get to
the switch she's talking about this or
that it's going on concurrently with the
gameplay they've merged Uncharted says
here's a section where I know you push
some caskets you gotta do something I
push the casket and then we're gonna
stop and talk to our friend Bob for 20
minutes and then oh well we didn't do
game oh you shoot those two guys sure
those two guys Hey oh good now we can
spend our time walk-in to the hardware
store and the most there's nothing
interesting gonna happen on the way to
the hardware store just pick something
up we could walk to the hardware store
the most upsetting part is there was
that one moment that was story and
gameplay where we're reminiscing about
you know because the whole story is
about like remembering the grand
adventures but trying to grow up right
and you have this you have this scene in
the game in which Drake is remembering
all of his heists from the past and and
he finds a little pop gun and he starts
pretending to shoot at the enemies and
you know it's a game you're you were
actually like aiming at target and I
don't think there's any like win or lose
scenario but it's fun like oh and I am
shooting something I'm playing game but
you're also doing it with a pop gun and
so it's like a little bit of story
characterization he wishes for adventure
he craves adventure but he's living a
dull life
I understood that with that scene and
that was a great merging of story and
gameplay
and and and that's it and that's and
then and then they decided guess what
here's another cutscene
here's another cutscene that's all you
are getting right now is another fucking
Cutts now walk around for 30 minutes and
find the casket you're supposed to push
what the fuck was that section doing in
a game in 2016 what the fuck was that
doing I don't know why did that exist I
don't know which I am very sorry that I
don't know hurry that the Prince of
Persia which is actually fun to play
because nobody cares how fun something
is to play anymore we live in a horrible
world where that's like completely
that's that's not even on people's radar
how fun it is the funny game is yeah
yeah
what of the preacher so rich in all caps
I don't I don't care because the trailer
looked bad
and I've read the books and eBooks for
fun that's all I really need yeah I saw
the pilot of preacher and I thought it
was alright I thought they could go in
some really interesting places and I
haven't cared to check back with the
second episode that's how much that's
how much of an impact the pilot of
preacher
left on me I am more excited just to
read the books I I have no faith in them
handling the source material faithfully
and correctly I have no faith yeah I
think that's fair I think that's I think
all said and done the message of the
series is going to be entirely different
from the messages and themes of the book
maybe I'll be wrong but I'll find out
when they've got a season or two under
their belt that I've heard I think it's
incredibly Farage yep that is incredibly
incredibly fair Sri Chen says welcome
back rich hope y'all are doing well
playing anything on your own 3ds lately
I'm finding to look into anything on
there in the near future not right this
moment though I didn't purchase Super
Mario 3d World lately
recently I've been I've been way too
busy to to be concerned like watch yeah
yeah anonymous says hey rich the time
comes
would you consider hosting a sweepstakes
for one lucky al-alam fan to attend your
wedding as either a groomsman or a
bridesmaid
would be fun for all but I mean that's
the best idea you guys really know how
to ride the line between daring and
creepy right on that line a sweepstake
would you even what would be the
logistics behind them oh man
we would need background checks for
everyone
gobbledygook says currently in love with
hertz of iron for the amount of math and
this world war ii simulator is so
impressive and just another reason why
pc gaming is so good by the way DC
Universe is on Xbox one for free you
fucks is it really okay apparently
talking while those this parts of iron
for it was gifted to me by gamma does
okay then I've also heard someone say
it's a yes oh no
then gobbledygook he should know better
I'll take a look at it so here's where
we good thing here's where it's just
some fun you know this is my sniper
class so she's got the laser scoped
I got an exploding guy here he's a male
in short range so I'd like I have some
some I don't think he can reach me in
his next turn button so now I can like
you know see where to bounce off my
bullet to see if I can hit him
headed up higher
there yeah but it's it yeah there we go
hey you gotta you gotta be a little
quick weight and that's the thing I like
about about uh about the aiming you know
like you there there's some there's some
like twitch gamey skill and it's not
just the math that always bugged me
about XCOM just a hard random dice roll
you know Colin was pretty great and oh
deadpans but they're fun guys they're
fun guys they're fun fun guys
I like that I like those guys I feel
really bad because I've only actually
met them once like I've hung out with
them in real life one night they're cool
dudes I would like them to come back I
think the cool dudes and hopefully when
when and if they come back I think that
would be me did you guys ever consider
doing a stream of various Atari 2600
games
oh my this is coming from somebody who
blew it's the Atari we're home you have
so much hate for something that's so old
gave me my first existential crisis was
I was playing a game on the sorry 2600
okay I think it was like a game we were
like a dolphin swimming around right and
and you know the Atari games they never
had you know endings just the same thing
good enough for this game dolphin where
I wasn't dying and I'm just playing and
I'm going through and dodge surco goes
back to search go through the hoops died
your sirness
oh I'm going through the hoops dodge the
shark so going through the hoops dodge
the sharks going through the hoops dodge
the shirts going through the hoops that
oh my god this is all there is
it's the same thing over and over again
and it's gonna be like this forever I'm
just just an endless loop work I'm
looking at these pathetic graphics and
I'm just going through that hoop and
dodging that shark life is horrible and
meaningless that was this is five year
old routine oh my god the Atari 2600
sweet sweet jeebus you poor poor man
same thing yet rich loves Pacolet I've
never been good enough from pac-man
to have like an infinite loop where I
would never lose a lonely battle machine
three two deuces hi rich did you enjoy
your vacation thank you for asking but
no it was a working vacation where I was
packing and moving stuff I actually need
to take a day off tomorrow oh I guess hi
- jack - no anyway how much should we
tip in order to get you to stream your a
wedding they really need $10,000 $10,000
a live stream my wedding do you think
even even for that amount of money do
you possibly think you could talk Karen
into that Wow okay Cara Karen Karen then
is it for for 20,000 oh no I will do
this completely secretly without Karen
knowing with like hidden cameras and
$20,000 and for $30,000 the chat can
write Rich's vows terrible rich you know
at least you have standards you won't
get you won't let those chat write your
vows all right I'm okay with this
once you sum total of footage displayed
by ei of the newly announced Star Wars
game
not really nope okay no don't go
look doctor
II
if we script his entire wedding it will
remind him too much of uncharted 4 but I
wouldn't care so much about how strict
it is if the gameplay was fun and
frequent it's it's neither
is that Oh Mac says oh I'm just um
Elementor that too but I'll get back to
that one ZeniMax is please say I love
the Atari 2600 it is one of my favorite
consoles and I have many happy memories
playing as a child pick up G&G; after
dark says hey Jack and rich this game
looks fun and neither of you had any
particularly delicious meals lately um
my answer Purtill oh the fast food place
known for hot dogs but they have other
things
hmm Don the Chicago area oh this game is
a lot of fun I you know I hopefully you
guys are kind I mean you can kind of
pick up the XCOM similarities now that
I'm actually kind of in it doing pretty
well on this one there is a there's a
place near me I had this last week most
you know I mostly broccoli and spinach
on the weekdays but on the weekends
usually we try to go out for a nice meal
last week I had these like brunch pork
fries it was diced potatoes that were
individually fried you know like the
dice bits were like deep-fried or
something with barbecue pulled pork
jalapenos coleslaw bacon cheese and a
fried egg on top and it was one of the
most delicious things I have eaten in
recent memory
the real van says if you're streaming
your wedding are you going to have the
oh my god announcements as well and
stopping to read the tip notes I'll tell
you what not during the way it's okay
20,000 10,000 to stream delay yeah yeah
20,000 to not tell Karen about streaming
the wedding yeah 30,000 to not only
streamed the wedding without Karen
knowing about it but having the volume
on the oh my god God's just loud enough
for her to kind of hear it that's that's
when you continue to continue with the
service
that's what 30,000 will get you what did
you it was there's nothing honey
there's nothing is that coming from
outside that's what we'll do we'll have
to set up speakers outside just just
barely this is the weirdest day this is
the weirdest day
Kannamma says greetings from Alaska
hello Alaska no we aren't all payload
loving second-amendment worshiping not
heads and either of you been to a cave
would you consider visiting why or why
not thanks love do love dude I've been
to Alaska
I just don't travel like hardly at all
dad friend I can't stand planes and he
flying so much oh so much when when I
was 14 15 I forget where I I know it was
like I I think I was 15 years old
because I don't I didn't yet have my
learner's permit but I was old enough to
like want to drive mm-hmm my mother took
me and my younger brother on a two-month
long road trip all across America going
to California we we actually went to
Seattle and then flew up to Alaska for a
little bit then flew back down and then
like flute drove down the entire West
Coast to Vegas and you know it was just
a giant two-month long road trip it was
amazing and Alaska was was really cool
we got him to a total of four car
accidents in Alaska with with our rental
cars for car accidents and they really
bad drivers let's go something was we
you know it snowy
obviously yeah the weather was terrible
but I mean we're from Wisconsin we know
how to drive in snow yeah but it was
maybe we just weren't used to the way
people drove up there but so and it was
it was that time of year where it was
dark a lot because it's so far north
that uh you know they'd only got like
six hours of daylight a day and so it
was it was very strange experience but
we had some fun up there I was not in a
cult I was not in a cult we just liked
to travel
got a move
just like Scrabble my older siblings did
not want to come with on the incredibly
long road trip with you I wouldn't blame
them well and they were older you know
they were they were they were you know
full teenagers ah if I do that I won't
be able to see my friends for two months
and oh my social life and you know for
me I didn't have any friends and so I
was fine because I was a huge nerd I
don't know if you know that about me no
idea I'm too nerdy guy identify someone
else's been so much dirtier than
everybody else everyone everyone seems
cool today
yeah yeah yeah so it wasn't a problem
for me but uh so they had to stay they
had to stay in town with my dad and they
hated it and they said it was the worst
two months of the entire job made me
feel a little bit better
oh my god I did not start the stand-up
timer it's probably actually yet
probably now probably now you're
probably right let's uh let's stand up
I'm fine with that let's stand up oh my
oh my god hold on tipps we're gonna get
to you I'll get to the soup later
following him both address them I guess
cord
headphones quick stand-up that's what
we're doing
quick stand-up maybe some squats they
always help some squibs
do some squats
thank you for reminding me to stand up I
think it's really important and I'm also
a very forgetful person so I appreciate
you warning me
Jack had no friend I I had a I've out my
entire life I've always had you know a
couple close friends I was never which
also just means that I don't generally
get along with you I think I feel like I
get along with people but they don't get
along with me that's the real problem is
they don't get along
you can't go
close it was a great great time got to
drive through the the giant California
Redwoods oh no I turned him on got to
just hang out have some fun I was a fun
I listened at the time I had a cassette
player
nice hundred-percent swag collected I
had a cassette player at a Walkman and
and I bought one tape for the road one
tape thinking that as the road trip
progressed you know we would stop at gas
stations and whatnot and more I just
pick up more tapes Oh Oh like here's
another tape that I could pick up for my
Walkman and never actually ended up
picking up any more tapes and so the
entirety of the two-month long road trip
was nothing but the best of Tom Petty
and the Heartbreakers over and over and
over and over again on a loop all in all
not a bad album to have on a loop but I
do think that that has caused me more
brain damage than any of the drugs I
have ever done just Tom Petty and the
Heartbreakers over and over and over
she was an American girl raised on
promises yeah you know Tom Petty and the
Heartbreakers I how do you feel about
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers no I
won't back down as I won't back down how
do you feel about Tom Petty in the
Heartbreakers how's it going what about
what I was saying is the the story I was
sharing yeah with everyone is right
before we left on our two-month long
road trip I one cassette tape thinking
that I would I'd pick up more on the
road and I and ended up never picking up
any more cassette tapes so the only
music I had to listen to on the entirety
of the two murph long road trip was the
best of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
on a loop you know like we'd stop at a
gas station I'd look through and like I
had that doesn't you know nothing just
nothing looked good nothing looked good
at nothing looks better than Tom Petty
and the Heartbreakers you know what it's
all right I like Tom Petty I'm sure I'm
sure like as an adult now I like it
wouldn't it would just kill me but oh
yeah move the microwave from your mouth
when you eat to what I'm sure I'm doing
mom says quick question for rich for one
week would you rather go to the moon
with Mike or to an alien world alone
milk ask both cases you will have all
the necessary technology / supplies to
survive
well them you know the moon has really
been done before
alien whoa hmm Garrity and I have the
supplies what would you guarantee
there's like nothing there but will try
to kill me like I need to end up in some
alien government's laboratory being
dissected but you'd have all the
supplies in yeah there's a there's a
there's a greater opportunity for new
and fascinating discoveries going to an
alien world
yeah I don't think Mike would care about
going to the moon that much sniper
can't you two have smaller that sucks
there's they're these really amazing
sniper rifles that do amazing damage and
have the the long scope but you can't
you can't move and use them in the same
turn right so that's as detrimental yeah
and at the end of the mission at the end
of every mission this is all like the
swag that you picked up like there's
little bags and each one like unwraps
individually so it's like little treats
it's like little trees finger ooh
goggles extra pair of eyes can save you
our neck and a tight shootout increases
critical oh yeah
increases critical hit I'll take that
water take that
Jack you're dying at first you probably
rather have that water than the stupid
critical hits
these are robots so they use they use
the waters like their energy you know
there's steam powered robots spoken like
a true nerd they know nothing look these
are robots I'm sorry I hate to be the
nitpicky one here but robots can neither
feel nor satiate thirst you see a piece
pizza yep
you see a piece of pizza you know what
you gotta do you gotta eat that piece of
pizza that's problem with pizza if
there's any problems with pizza that's
it good why can't I shoot after moving
you though okay what spoke says I need a
concussion in March and today was the
first time I've been able to enjoy the
outdoors on a sunny day without getting
a headache sense thanks for a lovely
stream to punctuate a lovely day well
I'm glad you're feeling better yeah
correction congratulations oh how did
you get a concussion
that's a good question are you are you a
a wrestler
I knew all your footballer oh did
someone just hit you in the head you do
the sports oh you might be the poor or
are you like the the the night guard and
a museum and then there was a cat
burglar who snuck up behind you and hit
you in the back of a head with like a
little Club sure and here the cat
burglar thought that they were doing the
humane thing by just knocking out the
guard but it has caused you a lifetime
of pain and suffering but haven't been
dead
you know it some days is it
are we gonna do an e3 video or stream
hey no probably not no I'm just gonna
read the list this damn here how about
this on Wednesday on our stream on
Wednesday we'll just talk about all the
stuff because the best way to do it yes
no I'll let you know like end and we've
done the three videos the past two years
and every time I've hated it
we watched it we watch the conference's
we talk about the conference's we talk
about some stuff and it ends up not
really matter like people were pointing
out in our last year's e3 video how we
you know we saw the doom and then we had
that little doom talk like oh we're not
so sure about the doing they're like oh
oh look now doom drew nets we good so it
doesn't fucking matter
so it III is game propaganda we'll talk
about it on Wednesday and it'll be a
bullshit it'll it'll just bullshit about
it because that's all we do anyway what
are we like stream the e3 conference but
we just like you didn't talk about
anything else
what's going on like don't talk about e3
at all during our e3 spring weekend no
you know we can there's ways to like hop
on you know like in the stream the
official conference but we can talk over
it that's like a thing that you can do
on Twitch that would be great you know
what would be great okay well get we'll
get Jay and Mike and we'll just talk
about movies oh if only we had thought
of that idea earlier we could have
scheduled this and we'll just have an
entire like a great movie discussion
while you fuck that I would be okay with
did you guys little seek read all Crean
was really we'll just talk about Creed
will talk about Creed you need to see
Creed wasn't that good if by the way it
really is maybe see how much of a rocky
fan are you
one two three four and five yeah I
haven't seen marketable and I haven't
seen Queen but how much did you love
rocky rocky okay okay let's get
everything like for
yeah I like just about nothing about to
I remember and three he fought mr. t
yeah that's all you need anything mr. t
killed Mickey what was that Ivan Drago
no no I haven't Drago killed Creed freed
so mr. t killed Mickey no I didn't kill
Mickey I didn't make it just died
punch him or something weird maybe it's
been section three it's been what I love
I love all the Rocky movies for very
different reasons
Rock I bet I mean you can look at Rocky
and then Rocky Balboa as legitimately
good character movies I said like it
didn't Rock I think rocky want an Oscar
yeah but those are just like
legitimately good character movies about
a you know up-and-coming boxer and an
aged ex-boxer and then like Creed you so
all you really need to watch is rocky
rocky balboa then Creed and you have
three fantastic movies
fan-fucking-tastic movies amos still
says i am richard jacket alright great
weekend I wanted to ask if there were
any games you loved as a kid that you
played as an adult only to discover that
the game was actually bad I'm sure you
know a game I played a lot as a kid we
had a Sega Saturn and I remember playing
Dex
remember Dex yeah but I never really
played it I know of it I played it a
bunch and I remember thinking it was
like hilarious and really great as a kid
I was young and really dumb I can only
imagine that gex has not aged incredibly
well I do remember liking Mario too as
much but then again it's been so long
since I have played Mario to that many
I'll like it again I don't know
there was anything else better example
now I've stopped my damn head right
Mario - uh I try to think of games that
have an age that won't current of time
it's so good it's still good I think
it's good it's not it's not tenten
tenten tenten tenten tenten tenten it's
been surpassed by every other 3d Zelda
game that's hardly the same as I played
it again that was crap though not the
same at all sure yeah hmm I just have
good taste I always have there you go
that's the rich Evan I know rich the
spider-man game yes right spider-man on
the from the Genesis I know I loved as a
kid yeah i streamed it during my
Thanksgiving Marathon Dex Dex was the
best Jax was the best
I guess I guess that's the best example
is it spider-man yeah all right that's
fair mission I haven't had I haven't yet
been able to take four people on a
mission this is gonna be no this is the
lair of the Technomancer
what we've discovered is there's someone
who who so we're in like the outer rim
yeah there is the evil empire who wants
to make all the robots you know fall in
line and we're part of like a band of
pirates yeah we just you know yeah we
scraped by a living but now there are
scrappers who are who are just out for
robot parts and that look they'll kill
all robots oh my god and what we've
discovered is that a necromancer someone
is taking apart robots and reassembling
them to join her scrapper army yeah I
know terrific yep so that's where we are
now okay shouts - Richard Jack if you
had to pick a movie for review what
would they be also well Jack be doing a
stream of overwatch thanks for making
great hilarious videos and livestreams
thank you you know we'll probably scream
over watch it overwatch overwatch is one
of those streams though where we're
gonna need it that's gonna be a J stream
and what will happen is I will play
overwatch and get really absorbed into
overwatch and rich and Jay will just
talk about whatever they want because I
know me and overwatch I know how I play
overwatch
I love overwatch and I get super into it
yeah and it's a game where you have to
pay attention all the time you know you
need to keep out an eye out for your
teammates you need to keep an ear out
for chat even though no one chats and so
that'll have to just be a stream where I
pay attention to the game and we'll do
that
background and Richard J we'll have a
lovely conversation about something I'm
sure as far as review oh if we got to
choose a movie for review if I can never
find a way to find that if I can ever
find an excuse to watch it on best of
the worst blind fury and I haven't seen
it side left right right I don't I don't
know I don't know if I ever will be on
review I have not been asked so just
this guy you know says welcome back rich
yeah hi what well there was a comment
like there's like a really long space
after the comma yeah looking back rich I
think that I think about that concussion
thing all the time watching dirt oval as
to a bit and I'm like man these poor
henchmen are gonna have real problems
hahahahaha it's better than being dead
you know it's just an age of henchmen it
just has to be catheter it all the time
because it can no longer controls is
urine it could be wrong but don't get
the real problems unless you've had like
multiple concussions right I mean I
think they stopped oh sure yeah I think
one is quite that bad well but you have
to assume if you are a professional
henchman you're getting concussions all
the time but I I mean I think stacking
you know the more the worst but I think
if even with one concussion there it can
start you can start you down a bad sure
yeah sure but I don't think it's
instantly your life is gonna be
miserable forever after one concussion
no no I agree
I agree but I've been wrong before
Nana says hey there guys what a glorious
day that be upon us the God surely
smiled down on the planet Earth what
who's the rlm resident mom the one who
tends to make coffee and sandwiches for
everyone
Jane there is no mom
there is no mom no mom Jay makes coffee
but he also drinks all the coffee he
makes it from Seoul he makes it for
himself he offers it to everyone else
but Jay also has really shitty taste in
coffee no offense you know he just
drinks like the regular coffee out of a
coffee maker so I usually just bring in
my own coffee I know when L sandwiches
usually everyone makes their own
sandwiches yeah yeah no mom no mom
Nathan made says yes please do streaming
III but not talking about him free how
much my costs Oh also just came in what
happened last night what happened
happened last night well we know what
happened last night
Oh God if you're talking about photos
tweeted I guess you'll just have to wait
and see until that episode is edited we
ain't talking about a mess that rich
made other people involved in the best
making will you who who do who made the
big mess you you you were nuts at some
point no I went nuts I I'm I might have
started it but but you finished it
yeah here we go nemesis can we get a
prereqs lat a prereq slash stream with
Tara from game splashing to point out
think our gamer expertise some pro tips
be a welcome change from you casuals I
saw that one time to film app and never
again
I'm caught up oh great good oh great
you know what what's great what does
that guy that's the that's chop suey
that's the the Technomancer okay and
he's got a silly name there's somebody
who's basically making slaves zombies
corpse parks like randomly thrown
together if you look at the bottom
screen this map here is very different
usually you know it's a bunch of little
rooms but here it's just one big room
chop suey in the middle a couple of
henchmen I can only assume like if once
we kill the henchman she'll be able to
reanimate but I don't know I mean we're
getting there this would be a boss fight
yes I can bring four people and so I'm
pretty I'm pretty feel like I'm looking
pretty good here this is your first boss
fight in this game um I had a I had
another boss ished fight but it was at
the end of a ship this is the first
fight in which the only thing in this
ship is the boss fight okay so I don't
know what to make of that yet but
comically hard maybe that it could be
let's just see what happens if I hit her
in the head
that okay so headshots which do you know
bonus crit damage that's just did a
little beep Matt's feel good and I have
shit cover their shit that was dumb I
made a dumb call since aim is like your
own aim how does it mean it's it's the
same thing where you know they thought
they can falter as well but still cover
is really important so we're gonna start
taking out the baddies here
look your name but I'll say that
but oh fuck some floors see like this
metal floor here you can shoot through
that how how do you know that what's
what makes let's what makes something
you could shoot through I think it's
this that like that specific material
you can shoot through but this black
floor you cannot and I forgot that for a
moment and I just wasted a shot
I just fucking wasted a shot so the
simple white means you can't shoot do it
I believe so but yeah like you see here
if I go out you know you can the barrel
is now full color and want to do this so
I can shoot through the barrel I think
is what this is saying oh oh I did
didn't kill him but did something one
minute oh god no just spawn just spawn
bitches that's fine we can deal with
that she spawns dude guys
that's apparently a scrap power I hope
she doesn't spawned in every turn as
that would be a pain in the ass this is
your boss fight yeah I'm gonna say
that's exactly what's gonna happen yeah
I could see that is there an old save
you can reload at least no no see you're
five
like what happens if you tell this
mission then I just assume it's the same
as if I fail any mission and I just lose
a bunch of water so there's no game over
illness maybe if you run out of water
okay I don't know if there's a game over
I know it like in the harder
difficulties I think if you fail a
mission it it's like a game over but I
know I just don't know what my plan is
gonna be and this might be a incredibly
stupid plan Hospice's throw a grenade I
owe ya yeah but what I'm gonna do but
before I throw a grenade oh my god so
this guy has a grenade yeah and
obviously there are three enemies down
yeah that's good but Piper my captain
has a inspire ability which means if
she's standing directly next to someone
they do bonus damage okay so I'm gonna
move Piper down here throw a grenade
then throw a grenade okay that's my plan
okay so now being he's inspired then
ball now
not a terrible amount of damage your
dick damage but well I killed one guy
dick damage dick damage but I killed one
guy so I'm gonna take it was this
reaction activates trigger morph
reaction
so Jack likes this and disco yes and if
you were paying attention it's because
this is a much lighter people don't pay
people things and they may bribe
generals like this not X go well because
this is simpler yeah I like things that
are a little simpler I this is I'm not
I'm not terribly good with strategy
games because as you know I i won i want
instant gratification I want to do
things I like I don't like planning
things out this has streamlined the
planning to an appropriate jack level
Alex in the ISIS Richard game station
2.0 character was one of the funniest
things I've ever seen
I think you're the real creative genius
and out loud anything from the rlm
universe that would be surprised to
learn were your ideas everything
everything I'm the mastermind behind
every single every single thing every
joke everyone interested just in company
I'm looking for good people actually
trying to replace some of these guys
uh-huh uh-huh
you know anybody who's only you know
even have his talents I am that's gonna
meet that part that's the real tough
part rich
where are we gonna find anyone that's
even a half is talented Thai no it's
taller it's tall order
yep its widest just the way it is do I
saw somebody earlier I mentioned a
couple time I guess if we had any
interested in fighting about Oh funny
you should say so the only thing I have
to say about mighty number 9 you know
not having actually played it you know
is uh it's kind of really ugly look to
it which doesn't say anything about the
gameplay it might be great yeah but it's
got that that ugly kind of you know 3d
as a 2d game where all of the platforms
are these awkward squares and rectangles
mm-hmm
and that is just a really fucking ugly
look it is the laziest way to take that
the breathing room the side scroller mmm
supporting rectangles I don't know
I have to do and no but I have to do not
punch that guy that's the one that
explodes so I'm gonna learn my lesson
I'm hoping I can move him to a place
where I can use him that would be the
best frightfully well the Technomancer
has yet to hurt me directly
move you here strata simple strategy I
need simple did you like the movie
Moneyball you know I've heard great
things about Moneyball not as much as
the book but I loved all of the weird
baseball stats stuff and you know books
gonna go into more detail I can be a
super badass here it's a really really
interesting story about anything one day
think outside the box
what do you what do you know about
Moneyball nerd sports the the thing I
think I know about Moneyball is it was a
failing baseball team that used a
mathematician to statistically figure
out like the best players kind of okay
it was a team that used to be better
funded but the new ownership was cheap
uh-huh
and they slashed the budget by a lot
it's like it's like the year before they
had all of these great players like Mark
McGwire and what's-his-face Jose Canseco
oh okay you know then they and all these
great players and they almost got to the
World Series and then you know ownership
cut the budget manager was like the
general manager how the fuck do I put
together a winning baseball team in a
fraction of the budget after losing all
of the players I mean he found some kind
of weird math nerd and they just
completely re-examined everything that
everybody used to think they knew about
baseball and you know what the stat
doesn't really matter as much as people
think it does let's look at this weird
stat but nobody pays do and they found
him they found a way to build an
efficient team because there was these
stats that were undervalued like walks
nobody really cared that much they
wanted the guy who's my the hit for a
high average right
Moneyball said well walks are really
just as good yeah and we don't need
people who are fast if they have people
who are walking and loading the base you
don't be able to speed so we get these
people who far cheaper to pay and yet
our team will kind of still be as good
yeah I like it like a nerdy really nerdy
baseball stance
you have any favorite games you playing
you ever play x-men the arcade game yeah
the classic brawler you know like but
with x-men characters played the shit
out of that I played the Ninja Turtles
brawler oh yeah I don't know that I'd
say that with my favorite but you don't
want to really only like pac-man
paperboy paperboy was great I played
Super Mario Brothers first at the arcade
they had that at the share was pizza
mmm so I played Super Mario Brothers at
the arcade well before I had a Nintendo
mm-hmm so that was a favorite
spy huh no I wasn't near enough of this
and spyhunter as a kid to really enjoy
it I would die way too quickly Skulltula
house since rich since Jack spent $150
on his exponent controller what what
extravagance can we help fun for you hey
I paid for my exponent controller I did
not I did not dip into prereq funds for
that cuz I knew that was an extravagant
digital did I wouldn't really care I got
a fucking $1,500 do you know you know
what I got I got some really sweet LED
lights and I used the I bought I
purchased LED lights for for our prereq
shoots but I use them for my sheets -
yeah and I've read letter media uses
them we're using them right now it's
great I love our LED lights that was my
extravagant purchase he also says there
is an Atari 2600 faster Blaster
controller on eBay for eight hundred
dollars with your name on it
Wow
I have not forgotten about the ramp I
I've been too busy to pick it up but I
never forgot about busy busy week for
Richard Evans
sorry chances hijack the way you
described this game before playing
reminded me of coke named Scoob
steampunk yudish ex-con - yeah let me if
you've heard of it
Layton is arriving soon for whoever
first perceives them okay that'd be my
guess I don't know we have some kind of
late with something else
oh I know Layton's brand cough drops
yeah yeah that's not like it could be a
cough drop Layton's yeah I could be but
you never heard of code name still not
to my knowledge does not does not sound
like anything I've heard of
but yeah I usually like when it when it
says you know strategy game I usually
just kind of tune out yeah you know
because it's just not my thing
there's a bunch of difference between
steampunk and clock clockwork robots
yeah I think there's a there's a gray
area yeah cuz it's really just about
power without gasoline you see how our
clock powers you just like wind-up
wind-up power
rich there's no Doom deal see that's
single-player isn't that kind of
bullshit no means I don't have to worry
about buying the rest of the game
piecemeal is what that means
if there were DLC for single-player that
would mean it was done months ago and it
was held back and I was playing to
complete the game yeah and it would it
would annoy me I think it would annoy me
DLC annoys me because before the
downloadable content era era you know
that shit would just be part of the game
yes you remember you remember what extra
costumes were unlockables and that's
something you had to buy after the fact
like all the pikey man costume I just
found like a little secret stuff oh you
found the secrets in the Arkham game and
you got all the Batman costumes now you
have to pay $15.99 for five costumes at
a time so like a little treat like a
little treats like a little treat to
spend $15 oh no before it was a little
that's something that I think they they
handle perfectly uh - if I could delve a
little bit into overwatch Oh overwatch
has a has a extra costumes or unlockable
stuff and you you get something called a
loot box for every time you level up and
the more you play the more you win the
better you do you get experience points
and every time you level up you get a
loot box and you open up the loop box
and it has random it could be like a new
voice line a spray that you can spray in
the world a new outfit for your
character they don't do anything in game
like it doesn't give you new weapons
it's just cosmetic stuff and you can get
all this stuff for free just by playing
the game or if you're an impatient fuck
you could pay it quite a bit of money to
get like 50 loot boxes yeah and open
them up but you know you get to choose
whether you want them for free or
whether you want to pay to get them and
I like that
it's a defending deal see of course you
know rich of course they are
all right so you know you people are all
too trustworthy far too trustworthy
never never trust the man these
corporate douches hey gamez you can't
trust them
never trust the man they're constantly
looking for ways to fuck you over and
get some money from you this is really
true rich we be skeptical of this shit
but I wouldn't mind more single-player
content you know what I'm fine just
replaying the game myself for doom yeah
oh no and you know what like here's the
thing
doom is it has delivered a game a very
satisfying complete game yes if they
come out with DLC and I just happen to
play more of it that's that's icing
that's icing on the cake much like
blood-borne blood-borne delivered to me
a full experience in a game then they
came out with DLC that gave me more of
that game fuck yeah I will buy more yeah
and you know instead of waiting five
more years for a sequel we can give you
a little bit more now that's a fair use
of DLC the fair use of DLC but they've
given you a complete game it's not it's
not chopping up the game into little
segments well they give you a fair
amount
yeah no they give you they give you a
lot yeah so no I'm what I'm saying is
that's good DLC doom when it comes out
with more single player DLC I'm gonna
play it they're not supposed it's not on
their schedule because it's not like DLC
is actually made after a game releases
something extra it's something that's
been
months without a and it's all it's all
multiplayer they don't with how they
ended it that's very surprising
I assume the heaven all supposedly
multiplayer and possibly stuff for snap
happening which it could use obviously
got some DLC but oh if they if they
resolved whatever kind of minor
cliffhanger that was nothing that was
much of one well that's what I assumed
that I assumed that was a teaser for
some DLC would noxious pay to end the
game pay to end neither the cared about
story too much but paying extra to end
the story that's bullshit I I felt
satisfied in the conclusion sure and
then and then the then they left you off
for like Episode two and I'm okay with
that
I'm okay with it because story was never
a focus of it right but if I cared more
I'd be a little bit irritated with the
way it ended I'd be a little bit
irritated with the way it entered it's
not a it's not a satisfactory terms not
a super satisfying ending um yeah but
it's do yes that's why I'm that's why
I'm okay with right but yeah yeah I
guess I can see where you're coming from
don't dump dump to cliffhangers like I
was great
I don't need a cliffhanger I didn't need
a cliffhanger to get me excited for
another doomed game and I saw it as less
of a cliffhanger and more of a like on
the next episode you know it's it's not
it's not a solid this is the resolution
I thought it was I thought it was decent
enough resolution you know cuz like the
resolution was spoiler alert and then it
was on the next episode of doom that was
the cliffhanger that's how it felt like
to me game should never end on
cliffhangers cuz
years between sequels it's unnecessary
because a fun game you'll buy it anyway
nope cliffhanger or not
you can ask kicked major ass I mean I
really like Super Mario Brothers but you
know there's no dangling plot threads I
think I'm gonna pass on Mario games I
think it's a rocket launcher
Trash Can Mans is just a quick note to
say you guys are great thanks for all
the entertainment you guys continue to
bring laughs and good times keep up the
great work and grab a drink I probably
he probably needs like a new you people
do know that every one of these tips we
get that's just glowing glowing praise
and thanks I'm just making that all up
on the spot
there is so so much criticism of us look
what he said about you when I read that
I said thanks for all the laughs
everybody's weight fluctuates a little
bit and I think that's unfair I think
that's unfair no I'm just I you know
we're all human we all live our lives
Jesus

[Part II]
there's some plot now you gotta get it
getting rid of that plot
all right it's close enough to stand up
time I also need to use the bathroom so
I'm going I'm about to use the bathroom
I will be back momentarily I suppose I
did I don't need to pause the game
not-not-not baiting you rich but did you
consider the reaper plot and mass effect
a cliffhanger at the end of one there
are different levels of cliffhanger that
was that was more like like a 1950's
movie where at the end they said the end
question mark it wasn't a very it wasn't
a very strong cliffhanger pretty much
all of the plot points they raised
during the game were resolved and they
just got a say at the end
well maybe the Reapers are still on the
way and we're going to be on the lookout
for them so it wasn't it wasn't really
leaving you hanging
you know what I sock bun I I can't
imagine Jack with hair either and I've
seen Jack with hair before it's been so
long that I can't I can't picture it in
my head
chicks chicks quest legit doom clone LOL
I don't know that sex quest was a doom
clone I think that was a flat-out doom
reskin where it's the same monsters and
level design just with different
pictures and sounds but I could be wrong
yes yes the Star Wars Episode one review
does feature Jack with hair so you can
check that out
watch the mister plugin episode for one
review not one does he Jake with air
sex quest had different levels okay I
didn't know that
I thought they basically just took doom
episode 1 and reskin the whole fun thing
but I'm wrong and I like what is my
favorite M night Shyamalan film Chanel
William Shyamalan film the success like
it's the only answer you can give to
that question I have the new Wolfenstein
games if not kind of rounded and I have
been busy I have been busy unbreakable
unbreakable is no 6 cents look if I if I
want unbreakable I'm gonna watch the
unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
the question is how does the sixth sense
of work if if the sixth sense were a
later M night movie when he already knew
that he was the twist ending guy how
would the sixth sense hold up Jack Jack
this is important all right but after
long I have to hold on I have to hold on
Jack Jack Jack all right would with the
Sixth Sense have been a good movie if it
were one of the later M night movies the
exact same film it just came out after
like all of his other ones no it
wouldn't
Jack thinks that's a good question in
the meantime I'm going to read Lord Baal
months
it's if your Lord balances they really
ruined half-life 2 with those episodes
one I don't like episodic games two is
left at a cliffhanger the ending of
half-life 2 would have been fine with
the with Freeman put back in stasis by
the g-man there you go
cliffhangers still do them cuz then they
don't get resolved and then fuck you
everything okay
so six cents is some fine filmmaking yes
it's a fine fine movie it's really it's
it's in fact a really good movie yes yes
the problem is like so it's it's it's
good filmmaking and then it has this
spark that makes it that elevates it
right which is the twist ending and you
know it has a twist ending and I hope
I'm not spoiling it for anyone and so
here's the problem if it would have been
a later Shyamalan movies later Shyamalan
movie everyone still would have known
that he's the guy with the twist ending
and so instead of paying attention to
the good filmmaking they would just be
trying to figure out what the twist is
instead of just enjoying the movie which
is what his problem is in general here's
the question how predictably is that
twist if you're looking for it where
does the likelihood of you actually find
it know there's gonna be a twist you
don't know exactly what it is do you
discover it was that's a good question
I didn't figure it out did you figure I
wasn't looking for twist right hmm if
you're not looking for it but but or if
you are looking for a twist I don't know
okay I guess I guess it it would
probably still be a good movie it just
wouldn't be like The Sixth Sense it
wouldn't be the movie were there any
real hints he was dead yes
yeah ton at the time I saw it for the
first time I thought it was really odd
that the mother never acknowledged I
thought that was odd of course and the
wife ignored him like he has this
distance from every wife I got that
there was a distance thing going on that
might not have that might not have
clicked right but I am when I watched
the first time and he's just sitting
there awkwardly in the room with the
mother this is really weird yeah so
there was a hint you know what but it's
good it's still good filming you found a
way to weave the twists into them into
the fabric of the movie and I need to
rewash them what are the mother fighter
psychiatrist can she afford him in home
psycho yeah I thought was really that's
great that's great I wonder I wonder if
there's anyone who hasn't seen this
exercise that's beyond is beyond spoiler
warning territory but like I I wonder if
we can if we if if you could find
someone justice guy you know says yeah
unbreakable they live damn it it's a
miracle
unbreakable then females are strong as
hell fuck yeah unbreakable kimmy schmitt
fucking amazing show hyleri it's the
show that found a way to take a snobby
socialite bitch
and make her an interesting likeable
character which is an accomplishment
that uh what's-her-name Kirkman whatever
whoever that actress is I enjoy her
she's great in that role but I mean
everyone everyone in unbreakable Kimmy
Schmidt is great what a great show
Netflix killing it all over the place
just killing it oh oh this has 3d yeah
yeah of course I'll 3ds games have 3d
but like the 3d in this is really weird
yeah it's a bit I just keep the 3d off
Jane Krakowski Jane Krakowski thank you
thank you dick neutral and probably
possibly other people above that that's
what I said she's great
it's messed up
I'm sure it's always messed up no it's
Fighting's fine it's a little choppy we
we've we've moved to using the Le you
guys can't see it but over here there's
an LED light so we've gone to using the
LED light and a regular lamp in here so
we don't have to use the fluorescent
bulbs cuz it's a really horrible
experience yeah right awful fluorescents
but what it also means is there's less
light in here and so it makes green
screening a little harder but worth it
for our eyes plus we had some issues
with my blue shirt which is apparently
close enough to the green right oh the
Royalists are here the Royalists they're
the Empire oh my god those guys they're
not gonna be happy about my pirate ways
oh I can only assume that people have to
fight next goofy hat because I'm the
captain it's a goofy hat well yeah you
can you can get if you're you're a
pirate captain yeah oh you even wear
different answers you can wear a
different hat thank I in the game oh
thank god you can wear different hats
and and you can choose if you if they're
if an enemy has a hat that you like
instead of shooting them you can aim for
their hat and knock it off there hug and
it doesn't do any damage to them but you
get the head and as far as I can tell
having different hats does nothing to
your stats it's just one of those things
where if you want that hat that's kind
of cool that's kind of fun that's fun
yes yes it is a fun touch either of you
or any pets nope that's the question you
know the answer to they know you have a
pet I know that's what they might be
knew I rich does not own any pets as he
is allergic to everything that moves
including me in fact the reason that I
shaved my head is B is to so I can spend
more time
rich because he's allergic to all all
hair even human hair so our minds
falling out I have a cat I have a giant
I have a giant cat named biscuit it is a
giant long-haired
Siberian cat and his name is biscuit and
any time we don't dream I post a picture
of biscuit too you know because then
they get some bad news we're not
streaming but he's some good news here's
a picture of my cute cat I just know I
need to see you still hat okay sure sure
sure here can't formally notice dr.
faces dr. prang I want I wanted I wanted
to we wanted to call him
princess meatball before we knew we were
getting a boy cat we wanted to come
princess meatball my kids thought that
meatball wasn't a cute enough name which
is just a damn lie because it was your
kids idea to name you knows my idea so
your kids had the more sensible name
suggests ha ha ha ha ha no I want to say
week at least and I really liked
meatball I mean if my cat is fucking
giant it's nothing like a meatball it's
a fairly graceful fluffy cat meatballs a
cute name you can't act like something
clumsy and large you get it like a brown
so they settled on biscuit he has a full
name as he was a former show cat his
full name was
I can remember this this his full name
was sir Gabriel wind drifter of Heaven
Sent let's have written know this is a
real thing this is it's no wonder cats
hate us
sir Gabriel wind drifter of heaven sin
because because we got him from a
breeder specifically because he's
hypoallergenic and this breeder does
like cat shows and so like you have to
like improve the lineage of your cats
and cat shows he won a silver medal and
acacho biscuit and he's a reformed stud
so he's sir wind drifter or sir Gabriel
wind drifter of Heaven Sent
or as we call him a biscuit dogs
couldn't get like yo there's the
traditional like spot and Rover yeah
pretty simple basic yeah but dogs
frequently at real names and Karen's
mother's dogs Bentley that's Queen
sparkles fart bag that's a cat named so
Gabriel fart bag grumpy puss Mick muffle
feet that's a great one ruffle feet yeah
listen we didn't name him that after we
got him he is now biscuit
right
now we got scrappers to deal with or
Royalists I don't know what to do with
that information
now that royalist say guys I have not
been paying attention because we started
talking about other shit getting back on
dickheads in a mission so hold this
biscuit biscuit is a former show cat and
a former stud biscuit is five biscuit is
five years old now and was that what he
was he was the study was the breeder
that's too old to be a stud he yeah he
and we know we got him a couple years
ago there's the sperm age he just he
stopped he stops putting out you know
after a while like it just doesn't take
anymore and yeah they just huh-huh it
just doesn't work and so you know he we
were we we we've found this breeder you
know because we we found this specific
type of cats hypoallergenic because not
only you but several of my relatives are
really allergic to cats and the boys
really wanted a cat so we were looking
to hypoallergenic cats and we were on
the list to get a kitten and like the
list was like a year waitlist to get a
kitten because this was you know highly
reputable breeder and all of a sudden
she started calling people and saying
one of my one of my studs I need to get
rid of him you know the free free oh
fuck yeah free cat great and so we got
this kid he retired to our house where
he now gets to play with children before
he was in a cage all the time his little
cat
cat breeds as bad as like like dog
breeds I know like thoroughbred dogs
said you have some horrible things going
on weird things that have happened to
the inbreeding sure sure I'm sure I'm
sure there are horror stories in the cat
world as well but but if you don't know
about this by a mutt ha ha ha
by my yeah sure sure dogs can have all
kinds of weird medical problems lines
are twisting weird ways yes one bring
it's fairly common to have the brain
outgrow the skull oh my god that's
horrifying
lady here's their life are just being
basically spastic because they're the
brain right right oh that's horrible
I'm sure the same stuff happens with cat
breeds but and you know like we've this
is our first like purebred cat you know
I've had cats before and they've always
exactly exactly but but uh that's
horrible I know there were someone our
old neighbor got a German Shepherd that
was a pure breed German Shepherd and she
only found out like after she got him
that it had like two extra toes like
coming out of its wrists or say it was
like it was like really fucked up and
like then there's like you know she like
took it to the vet and the vet like oh
there was some major inbreeding
happening somewhere in this lineage yeah
oh sure sure cuz I figure you know it's
either see they're a dog or children
that's it you can pick one right I mean
you have to
tiny dogs are great I just think they're
just significant they're just pet
supplies puppies puppies or hey let's
get a puppy right in your hand or is
that puppy cute in that puppy cute we
won't have time for a kid you know with
all the puppies seven puppies however
many puppies of fucking tags all the
puppies all the puppies I'm gonna skip
the cutscene they're disposable there
goes half the audience have to be
audience rich fucking hell Karen Karen's
mother has a dog he sees Friendly's
sweetest sweetest most friendly wants to
be everybody's friend and I've never
seen him growl oh love is the fuck out
of me no I had red eyes always
okay
puppies are when dogs are least tedious
puppies the dogs have an adolescence
they get out girl with it you have a
puppies I'm super easy to handle just
cause you know they can't do anything no
because like when you know I've had and
I've had dogs I like growing up by other
dogs puppies puppies are great and
they're cute and adorable but you have
to consistently train them and you know
like you you as the puppy owner have to
be so on top of your puppy or else
you're gonna have a shit dog the rest of
your life yeah you know would you get
like a water two year old dog that's
like their adolescent phase right there
yeah they're getting older they're full
of energy they're looking to test their
boundaries dogs slowly cool like fine
blah blah mellow
oh absolutely the dog I was just talking
about Karen's mother's dog yeah oh god
he was so friendly put obnoxious when he
was like oh haha house pause and knows
my face slobber you couldn't you
couldn't stop him barking I you know and
I want to play this time he's a little
bit older now he's like you know he's
excited to see me but he wasn't
obnoxious about it hmm
he wasn't knocking me over he calm down
that's good that's good
two years is passed over all it is
puppies are fine young dogs are a pain
in the ass then but older dogs fuss seem
to be okay yeah I maybe that's the maybe
that's the the moral of your story which
is you need to look into like rescue
dogs yeah how how would you prune our
greyhounds I've heard great things about
you know you can get like retired
Greyhound downing dogs that just you
know that are incredibly well trained
and just love not running like just
they're just so happy to be in a home
and they go for walks and they're super
happy just to not have to work I think
house are supposed to be decent yeah
ground
that's true you get you could get
Santa's Little Helper almost never see
it forgotten dog yeah you could get
Santa's Little Helper rich ooh I could
get a top hat an armored top hat I'm
gonna wear that
when did they quit making bad video game
knock-offs of good movies probably when
people stopped buying them yeah probably
I'm gonna presume I'm gonna make some
presumptions oh no that Mike your 90s
era or maybe early 2000s when these
things from the prominence a lot of
gamers were younger cuz gaming still
fairly new medium yeah and parents would
just buy the thing they know he likes he
likes to do Batman movie and they're
buying the Batman game ya know I think
there are more older gamers we're too
smart to buy the movie game time and and
there and it's it's access to
information is something even modern
parents understand and so they're like
oh you know I know my boy loves this
movie let me let me check out the Amazon
reviews of this get oh it gets shit
review well yeah and like it's just so
much easier to make an informed decision
but that's that's just my pure
speculation I'm what's going on I like
it and I agree with it yeah hey Mad Max
was good
then it wouldn't be a shitty movie
tie-in game what it was
the real van says let's do our own
review show right now what's an old
movie that you have some affection for
ask for me just saw North by Northwest
and was surprised at how much fun it was
hmm don't find North West's you know I
think like every person who's into
movies I saw that at one point and can
now not remember a single thing about it
or you know like sorry let me break up
that as people who like movies I saw
that at one point period personally now
I can not remember a thing about it
totally bullet says right now that was
till the boys God stop scrolling I can't
see the things you can't see the dings l
Menten what a6 said excuse you rich
spider-man 2 is a perfect game if ever
there was one
tell me one thing in spider-man - that
was fun other than the web-swinging
fucking thing the website was pretty
great one fuckin thing
well they had the web-swinging right you
got that they have the rushman
web swing the web swinging web swinging
web swinging web swinging a really neat
idea
spike doesn't that thing on what you
like you got that game and the only
thing you ever did was use web swung
around cuz it was the only fun thing to
do in the fucking game uh-huh
I love saving people in spider-men -
yeah all three of the saving events that
would happen repeatedly ad nauseam how
many fucking balloons did you return to
that goddamn kid wasn't much variety
you fucking hold on to this balloon now
I'm not getting it again a friendly
neighborhood spider-man my ass rich
hates at them oh it's great web-swinging
didn't didn't they like designer of the
web-swinging try to mate like he tried
to kick-start his own game that was like
just web slinging but you know like you
know like it was the guide like had like
electric gloves or something yeah I
wouldn't doubt it someone look look that
up really well no I'll look it up later
now I'm curious if the game ever came
out and if it was good because I
remember like that was his big pitch was
everyone loved the web swinging from
spider-man - I'm the guy that designed
that here's a game that's nothing but
bad zooks one of the spider-man games
ever had yeah well in the boss fights
were never that good like we needed we
need a hero game we need a spider-man
game where random shit just does happen
around the city the random events need
to be the super villain that's wandering
around that you spot or just the mugger
yeah yeah well no they had just the
muggers know you need to see like the
Rhino running down the street that would
be something well we we need a mix is
what you know they have never gotten the
mix right it's always like one one or
two decent villains and then some some
c-listers no electro and Mysterio and
ringer and boomerang those new villains
for this game well we could have fought
one of the richest rogues gallery in all
the comics
you guys aren't interested in III why
should it be huh huh tell me what new
games are coming out why do you treat
this like it's a fucking holiday give me
a fucking press release yep after e3 is
done I will go to one of 100 different
gaming websites that will have it in
clear easy-to-read bullet points this is
all the information you need to know and
you know what
that list is gonna have hyperlinks to
all of the trailer videos that are
already up on YouTube it's going to have
links to discussions about the thing and
so then I get to choose if I want more
information I get to choose and you know
what I can do that while sitting on the
toilet but you watch it great you can
watch it for our conference yeah not
really see anything you're too
interested in and you could have wasted
your evening yep would you rather do
that no no I would not but thank you I
mean thank you for asking I appreciate
you taking the time to ask
yeah
and III we leaked everything you're
gonna hear about already yep
fucking hip
I can get it I can get it I'm on the
trolley I'm on the trolley
yeah there's no real surprises anymore
it's it's gonna be fine stunts you know
sometimes like you know what I'll
probably do microp Microsoft is tomorrow
I want to say Micron's the you know the
the big three yeah you might just have
to get your Sony made intended Microsoft
is on tomorrow I think it's on around
lunchtime so it's probably gonna happen
is I'll either be editing or doing
something and I'll put it on in the
background yeah and I might listen to it
if I don't feel like it I won't it's
just an incredible waste of time
remember in the first spider-man movie
game where when after you beat it you
got to play through the whole game as
the Green Goblin I love that and it was
it was somewhat broken and it was not
challenging at all and I thought it was
some of the most fun ever what what
would make for the best spider in there
what would what would you need so you
need good web for you you need good web
service you need you need the open world
yeah but but you need you need a you
need an active world so you know like
you were mentioning in spider-man 2 you
kind of got the same little veins you
got the mugger you at the blend right so
we need so many more events we also need
events that happened that we don't
notice and that go away forever you know
like it needs because like spider-man's
the whole thing is he patrols right like
he's just out web-swinging and he sees
someone and stops it and that's the game
and then we need along with that then
you need the bigger picture so you know
like in a spider-man comic he's just
swinging around if he stops a mugger
right but then you have your big villain
do you need a big villain or for just
just a bunch of random little stories
with a large number of
once I I well I think you need you need
you need something to hook I'm thinking
store at less of a spider-man story and
more of a spider-man
simulator you would need to have good
boss fights yeah and and a huge roster
you need like Hobgoblin bring Goblin
Rhino Doctor Octopus electro Oh stereo
vulture scorpion vulture fine all of
those great villains venom and you throw
them all in one game they're not to be
part of you don't have to find a way to
integrate them into one story just
around I'm going off and you swing over
there oh it's dr. X was robbing the bank
you swing around and all the sudden you
see black smoke in the distance yeah oh
oh the Rhino goes on a rampage and
here's the great thing you could choose
whether or not you went to that black
hawk that would be the greatest thing
yeah or it's like oh well this mugger
right here but there's black smoke over
whatever can I do both and you know what
if you get to the black smoke and the
Rhino is already like three blocks away
and that makes it fight a little bit
harder costumes that you don't have to
pay for and you know what not not just
the red and blue costume hmm but like
you need the different styles that's
been driving you need like the Steve
Ditko looking version they they had that
in the movie games in spider-man movie
games they did I remember the the ramita
senior looking spider-man costume the
Todd McFarlane mm-hmm
the the the Mark Bagley all the famous
artists who've done spider-man you need
to have like their version of his
costume yeah in addition to like the
black suit of the weird costumes he's
worn over the years and then and then
here here's the dlc yeah here's how we
pitch this to the studios right okay the
dlc the downloadable content is the same
city because like that's the hard part
the PERT the hard programming part is
the city the same cities the dlc is the
heroes that you can also play in that
city as okay the other Marvel heroes
what if you want to place their Devil an
expanding Marvel game and expanding well
because all like there's a big chunk of
Marvel heroes in New York City right
what if what if you know tie it in with
the shows what if you want to play as
Luke Cage and you just and you can't
swing you can't do any of that stuff
you're just a big guy who hit stuff he
has to he'll cab ha ha yes I love it I
fucking love it and it's a whole new
gaming experience that but you know you
pay a little extra for it so the lego
marvel game Lego Marvel gave me great I
don't think they had roaming super
villains oh sure I don't know once you
could find you would do that fight it
would be gone forever I hate the Lego
games I think they're the worst one it's
good cute no no they're all cute but
they're the worst games I hate them all
it's fun to fly around in New York and I
haven't I have not played the Marvel one
yeah
Lego Batman and suck my balls
plus I wouldn't say the the Legos
spider-man web swing was as good as the
spider-man 2 web swing oh well there you
go
here two here first
but I want to fight lots of different
fucking supervillains yeah I could see
there ain't nothing wrong with wanting
to fight a lot of different
supervillains
no but Lego Spidey and that game had to
be played by little baby children yeah I
know I'm not not saying that was
terrible just well that yeah that's why
I don't like the game who's this cuz
they have to be played by children their
children's games I'm just saying in my
ideal spider-man game the the
web-swinging would be probably a little
bit more like it was in spider-man 2 the
movie game sure
what if supervillains start teaming up
as the game progresses yeah oh now
you're on it sinister six now your that
could be the through thread that could
be the threat see because I think you do
I think you need a big hug okay
and so you know your hook you could
ignore like a grand theft our game sure
it's still one super villains that
aren't part of the story yeah you fight
them once they're gone
no I don't want that right okay but so
that's the big hook is you can you you
have to defeat them all individual you
know then they do random stuff they'll
rob banks yeah and then they I'll plot
together woo now we're talking now we're
talking about a great spider-man
they're not here Rich's mumbling sorry
could you recreate my mumbling in text
so I can identify what it was I was
actually saying oh fuck I get it now I
get it now
a good combat system is needed obviously
yes they need to to integrate the spider
sense but in a spidey game dodging needs
to be a better mechanic other than just
dumping Oh jumping away oh yeah yeah
yeah I mean so do we do we go Batman
combat or do you go bullet time Batman
in combat doesn't work as good on like
one versus one it's great against groups
right a Spider Man needs to have good
1v1 combat how do you go bold time
possibly maybe maybe maybe some sort of
something like like the fallout system
where you can slow down like choose lock
on targets and then let it go you know
like some sort of like you know like
pause time to evaluate what's happening
and then do some sort of cool action
thing that's how you mule eight
spider-sense
I also do not know I'm grabbing all the
loot because I need all the bad guys
grab a novel loot cuz I kick their ass
destroy another generator this is how
you play a steam world hi scoop duty
that's pretty easy fight I'm
concentrating now in leveling up some of
my unless ur bots you know the answer to
that are we here to play games are you
messing with us
you having fun messing with us
30 games you know are absolute garbage
that you enjoy anyway that you know our
absolute garbage
that's interesting
so that's me absolute garbage or maybe
just me yogurt
I don't know there's anything I'd like
that I would describe as being absolute
garbage like III think I can admit that
life and combat which I love No More
Heroes a fairly mediocre brawler it's
elevated by the the atmosphere the the
storytelling elements the characters
it's elevated but it's still and it's
still all as simplistic as it is still
enjoyable gameplay it's enjoyable but it
is not a revolution right it's not a
revolution it's a revolution
wait
he thinks No More Heroes is elevated by
the gameplay but not Uncharted well well
one one of these games has gameplay but
not out there one of these also has
interesting storytelling elements sick
burn
you know if uncharted world movie it
would be a made for TBS you think TV is
starring like like Robert in T it'd be
like what's the knockoff History Channel
maybe TBS totally TBS it'd be unlike the
Smithsonian Channel yeah absolutely
abso-fucking-lutely who did star it
would star what's that what's a
washed-up TV actor
but Noah Wyle from er wasn't it already
yeah that's why I'm Billy wasn't it he
was in something else similar yeah he
was in the library that's why I'm
thinking of him oh sure and yeah I was I
was thinking like like someone from
friends like what's Joey from friends
doing man nothing John Stamos that
serves me baby starring John Stamos out
in between yogurt commercials he's doing
this T vs uncharted for movie
they wouldn't have the budget saw the
effects be that shitty CGI shitty TV CGI
no the bottom of the barrel not even the
good TV CGI terrible terrible shots damn
Lucy no more heroes like stories quirky
and fun sure uncharted is a cheap
Indiana Jones knockoff yep yep
and I think unapologetically a cheap
Indiana Jones knockoff pardon
are going
centuries
what isn't it more like a Tomb Raider
knockoff
it's reader isn't Indiana Jones knockoff
you can are you guys not paying
attention to what's happening in your
world can't even knock off the knockoff
you of course you can then you get
uncharted and Indiana Jones was just a
knockoff of the old cereal so you got a
knock off of a knockoff of a knockoff I
need a Jones more of a reinvention of
the that was that you know what that was
a little bit of a joke but sure yeah
you're right you're right Indiana Jones
was his own foot but well but you know
not really it was just it was just it
was old schlock with a big budget yeah
which that's you know Lucas his whole
thing is old schlock with a big budget
Dark Matter says like an eighth
generation VHS copy yes um
who
else is new
you know what else is do what else is
new I mean I can get my list out I
haven't open the list in a while I know
I know we can we can bitch about what
that's right notebooks a smart thing but
you know I have not written anything new
in in a while mostly because I had those
Solo streams and so that was just you
know just a lot of me but here's the
thing here's something I wanted to bring
up because you know you know you go on
Steam and every once in a while it will
randomly give you a hardware survey
have you ever filled those out okay I do
just cuz you know why not remember if
I've ever gotten a random hardware
survey really yeah I'm not sure I have
they do random hardware surveys where
they were like or maybe you just take
the thing to make it say do it
automatically but so it was um it's it's
one of those things where it just looks
at your computer to get all your specs
to compile like what the average user
uses so complaining what the game
singing oh oh is the game singing let me
get back on my ship then I'm so sorry
the game is singing then I'm sure you
know what I'm sure oh yeah you know
what's you know it's really fucking
weird about this game is the soundtrack
every once in a while like the
soundtrack will have actual lyrics yeah
and like that is unacceptable maybe she
was well I went into a bar yeah
and so maybe they okay music but so now
this singing should be over many
apologies
so esteem will gather information on
your system so can compile what the
average user has I'm sure to better
that's smart tell game makers what's the
minimum system that's ours are smart but
now they've started to take a look at V
on
would you like to take a guess at the
percentage of Steam users less than one
how much less than one question is how
many zeros one or two point zero five oh
so close
yes so the vibe which is the one
officially supported by steam point zero
nine percent and the rift the big one
the Occulus point zero three percent
it's less than a hundredth of a percent
technology yeah that people think we
want that nobody wants that nobody want
nobody wants right never happened and
and this is the thing and you know when
people people ask us they like about us
getting a VR and whatnot it's the wave
of the future fuck you it's the way of
the future
combined you don't have one percent of
the market the only question I have is
what it makes for entertaining enough
stream to be right and it could be for
like for entertainment person's purposes
for us it could be because we have the
camera you know we'd be looking on goofy
with shit on our face people get a good
giggle out of it yeah but for the
average gamer numbers don't fucking lie
yeah so I am not surprised at all so
once again steam does random hardware
surveys yeah for its users I'm surprised
you've never gotten one maybe because
you're an offline mode a lot but maybe
yes probably actually that it probably
is it yeah yeah but uh point zero nine
percent of Steam users have a vibe the
the one that steam is back in the VR
headset and point zero three percent of
users have an oculus rift and that's and
that's a beautiful eye I saw I saw that
stat on somewhere and I was like I need
to write that down because I think
that's beautiful
they're selling a weird and expensive
new product yeah that looks
uncomfortable to use and there is no
killer app yep there is no reason to buy
one there there's no selling point
there's no there's no elevator pitch for
VR besides its VR even one of essence
lawnmower man right everybody remembers
lawnmower man remember he was kind of an
idiot and then they got really smug cuz
use VI
know you know you know remember this so
yeah it was yeah you know again for us
for a bit for for entertainment purposes
yeah of course
ya know I like I'm looking into prices
and I'm looking into hard yeah I I saw
highlights from a stream where a large
group of people were playing like a
whole bunch of five games yeah no one
looked like they were having too much
fun it was awkward things were being
tripped over and space because it's yeah
so it could be funny yeah that's that's
exactly the reason I would consider it
but for for actual gamers they don't
they don't have it yet okay sory chances
sorry chances i I'm just buzzed and
weirdly excited at this point bear with
me
here's a new promo pic I thought was
pretty and summers old oh yeah it's nice
can you detect boobs Oh three if we
solved this mystery yet
I'm here's what I'm guessing yeah here's
what I'm assuming is it'll be swappable
that'd be fine gotta be a nice solution
wind that'd be nice yeah that's just
that would just be nice it was a
promotional image I know that's a
Nintendo's big thing as they said that
that this e3 is all Zelda focused I get
what I'm saying is it tough being so
right over there is that like is that a
burden for you is that a tough burden
today we're doing the best of the worst
last night and there was a couple calls
that rich made in movies but he forgot I
forgot to vote verbalise he forgot to
call them out and he said well I didn't
want to be wrong and it's like rich we
can always edit out the wrong stuff just
call out everything yeah but he was
right so many times oh I bet this is
gonna happen okay Gracie cake says Jack
I'm Jack can you explain to me how the
world will likely end using the voice of
papyrus how the world will likely end
well you could not think of a likely end
and
you got a loophole all I'm saying
you got a loophole the problem is I'm
trying to remember the papyrus boys you
know
Gogi well let me tell you something I
picture the world ended when the giant
tortoise comes back to roost know what
I'm saying
he's gonna take a look at this big green
planet and say oh I'm thirsty drink
about at waters then what are we gonna
drink we won't have no waters to drink
lordy we gonna be dry as fuck you know
the you nailed it great I'm happy go to
our houses but Jack oh yeah imagine
Firewatch in VR oh you could look around
at all the pretty trees but you could
already look around at all the pretty
trees just by moving a little controller
well seems like a big drawback to VR no
tactile sensation until you can actually
hook into a human nervous system Oh God
and that's gonna I'm sure take off like
hotcakes
that's that's what it would take to get
this to work to feel the things that are
there maybe novices vivan drift is not
active but Samsung gear is alive and
thriving the phone is the future of V
are not the PC I and I have seen that
you know you can put your phone in a
thing and your phone acts as the the
headset I've been looking into this
stuff like that and you know it's it's a
lot it's a lot cheaper because most
people already have that yeah like you
know you don't need to worry about the
hardware portion of it
or like a Google cardboard have you seen
that where literally they mail you a
cardboard box with folding instructions
and you fold it and you can put your
phone in there and it acts it you know
cuz that's all it is is a thing to hold
it on your face and sounds like they
have gimmicky stuff like that that could
that could in theory make it work I have
no fucking idea okay I just I just don't
know why not
I'll buy a new guy I like guys but he
does have some faith in John Carmack's
development of Technology what's his
kick
what he likes doing now he's gonna keep
doing it until me alienates everybody he
knows just like last time it's just you
need you need something to convince
people to convince average Joe everybody
saw the Wii and saw we bowling right
yeah I know how to bowl I can bowl with
my friends now this fan family time
moving moving with a video game it was
great - sold everybody on it it sold
your grandma on it my way - uh yeah I
started listening to an audio book okay
masters of doom
masters of doom oh we just talked about
masters of doom what is that guy like
behind the scenes of the birth of in
software
Oh neat okay yeah I'm only on like
chapter three in the book but right now
at their former company that's actually
at this the company they are currently
at at that time in the book but they're
hired there to make games and what
they're doing is at night they're
stealing computers from work so they
could make their own games on the
company computers that they could sell
for themselves take my dick move yeah
not interesting is it a good listen so
far so far yeah that's good that's all
that really matters
see him buddhu
baby boo doom there's no gay yeah
Carmack an interesting bit I'd never
heard about before until reading the
chapter about his youth mm-hmm was when
he was younger he learned how to make
thermite and he used the thermite to go
to a school and he put thermite around
the window so he could burn a hole in
the window so he could steal some Apple
2 computers but his friend who he
brought with him was too fat to fit in
the hole they burned in the window so
the friend reached in and opened the
window manually which set off the alarm
and they got caught but that's a that's
that's like a that's like a criminal
nerd thing to do right to use thermite
to steal Apple 2 computers from the
school yes no isn't that a story about
Bill Gates when he was young is it
though Bill Gates was you know a young
genius yeah and at his school they put
him in charge of setting up like a
rudimentary computer system for the
school while he was doing so hacked into
all the class schedules to rearrange
classes so he his classes would be
filled with women it's like an hourly
Bill Gates to her she's all the pretty
ladies would be in his body
what are these stories from the stories
I told are from the book masters of doom
which is about the birth and rise and
fall of it software not really the fall
but at least the falling out sure
between Carmack and Romero sure yeah
yeah I know and I just that's just a
story that goes around about Bill Gates
I cannot confirm the truthfulness of
that but I mean it's Bill Gates so we
can assume right yeah
Michael Cody CIA says hey Jack and rich
Knight thanks for the endless hours of
entertainment are you too excited for
the quake3 remake that was announced
it's great to see some diversity in the
shooters
um I'm not personally excited for it
because I'm not a multiplayer-only guy
mm-hmm and if it's a straight remake of
quake 3 that was basically multiplayer
only there might have been some BOTS but
not not quite the same thing as he
excuse me
single-player campaign but I'm glad
they're making it sure plenty people who
will like it seems weird because I know
they recently did quake live which I
thought was a quake 3 kind of basically
remade just a free version of quake it's
a little bit weird not against it
quake live I think it's already come and
gone
oh yeah free version of quake you could
play quake it was version of quake 3
specifically no okay yeah
advertisements supposed to pay for it no
novices if you and jacket traveled back
in time at any point Earth's history 48
hours but you had to agree on the time
and place what would you guys choose any
place in any time the Earth's history
the week before
the week before
you know I'm right well wait we get 48
hours yeah in the past we buy the ticket
yeah put the ticket safety deposit box
it's still good that was less than a
year ago you have a year to claim I
think so it's usually a year we'd have
to double-check the rules of course
that's a double check the rules yes and
if the rules are passed what we do is go
back in time to when was it early 2000s
and pool all of our collective money and
buy as much Apple stock as we can yes
before they announce an iPod I have
thought of that so many times so many
times by all the Apple stock we can
write before they announced the iPod and
then it's smooth but yeah now I like I
like the lottery okay now let's assume
yep that we cannot we have to go back in
time and we can't change anything or
can't personally profit from it
something I think because I'm pretty
sure that then I don't give a fuck kid
that's before I could work during that
48 hours you know I gotta stay at home
like dome oh why don't I need to go back
in time to play Doom Rick yep what do
you want you any place to go back in
time any place just to see you know what
just to see something right because
that's what I think that's what the
question is maybe you just go back and
this is the boring way
for only 48 hours though that's not a
ton of time and is it any place in time
like I'm good any time you have to agree
on the time and place okay good wouldn't
you want to see something like
anthropological like go back and go back
and like peek in on our Neanderthal
ancestors just like see what they're
doing do they use a pillow is it a rock
pillow they're filthy apes yeah but like
the the period you know like the period
where they're starting to walk upright
when you want to see that wouldn't you
want to see that just so we can come
back and be like with fucking saw this
what is the name what's the name of that
very very mysterious deaths
we could solve the mystery by seeing
what ammo I like it if your safety is
guaranteed go back go back go back in
time and solve any famous mystery then
you come you come back I would also like
to know here you rich evidence how can I
drop it through time that's your book
rich I'll go see something glorious
experience the history of manhood how
can I make money off of this that's what
rich Evans that's what rich Evans is all
about no we're like yeah we're like I
look at if our safety is guaranteed yeah
like is there like a notorious like
serial killer that is still on the loose
diet diet laughs pass Dyatlov pass I
don't know that I know what that is I've
never heard of this thing experienced
hikers and they found like some of them
like
far away from their camp like like they
stripped half their clothes off as some
really weird things happen and nobody
knows exactly what it was yeah all right
that's weird
Diane laughs Paz is so fucking creepy
yes it is just Mississauga what cared
about it she was a she care had recently
heard I'd known about it before but mmm
when we were working on my packing up
someone we're stuck we're like listening
to like an audiobook about it about you
know me and my fiance listening to an
audiobook about these creepy dead
Russian hikers yep you guys are weird
I mean what do you do on your weekends
yeah what are you doing your vacations
Roswell New Mexico is a weather balloon
I'm not gonna waste my my tripping time
to see a fucking crashed weather balloon
and the fucking right like come on come
on
can't with the fucking program forest in
Japan where the people commit suicide is
fucking creepy
yeah that's not you need time travel to
see yeah I can't go to that forest like
now yep
if you don't know it's basically a
forest in Japan where it's really trendy
to kill yourself trendy it is it's
actually trendy yet okay
chika boom boom chika muumuu hey guys
I've read wool on the recommendation of
Jack first of all congratulations has he
read the sequel's
shift or dust yes okay oh oh oh is that
it it's recess and here each of us know
if you read the suit yes so it's it's a
trilogy it's the silo trilogy
it's what wool for anyone who doesn't
know it actually started off as a
hobbyist writer he was not a
professional writer and what he would do
is upload a chapter to his blog for free
well every once in a while it's like oh
I've wrote a new chapter in this wool
book and he just had a blog for a while
I mean he would upload a chapter and
anyone could read it for free and it
started to gain an incredible amount of
traction and eventually by the time wool
was completed he was able to sell ebooks
and eventually get it published by a
real publisher and the film rights were
bought and it was just this incredible
like success story for an independent
book publishing okay wool is a fantastic
read if you are into post-apocalyptic
sci-fi shit strong female lead mystery
intrigue technology Oh like old
technology but also in the future oh
it's wool is one of the fucking greatest
breeds I can remember in a long time and
now new people discover whoa talking
about it again so great read it read it
before it's a moot read it before it's a
movie and probably gonna mess it up when
it's moving but after wool he wrote two
more books in the
same universe they just dust and Shh
shift shift yeah shift and dust and it
kind of completes the whole wool saga
I didn't think those were as good but
wool was so good and the universe he
created in wool Hugh Howey I want to say
it was what his name is the universe he
created in wool was so good it carried
me through the not as good second and
third book okay I still read them and
enjoy them and you can get them for dirt
cheap as ebooks and so I recommend all
free but like the second two and not as
good but wool is so fucking good that
momentum carries through the other books
if that makes any sense okay well it was
a vine I'm you know I might just reread
wool great well at this point there are
people Chad have no idea what the fuck
is going on in this case oh yeah I don't
think we've talked about the game once a
little bit a little bit early on we it's
been a few hours okay so here's the
thing so this is X come as a 2d
side-scroller so I have my three
characters I got this guy right here see
brass I got Valentine and I got Beatrix
I'm gonna open this door as see brass
and it's it's turn-based it's a
turn-based tactical strategy game so
let's open the door and see what's
inside and then I'll kind of walk you
through my movements yes okay so now
let's take a look around the room who's
in the room you know just one guy this
is gonna be totally weak because I'm
gonna basically cap them in the back of
the head
but so now there's blue lines under me I
can move I can shoot the interesting
thing about this game is if you notice
here for my shoot turn I actually have
to aim my gun so I could miss there is a
ricochet mechanic in this game where if
I don't have a direct line of sight to
the bad guy I can bounce the bullets off
of walls but you know this gun doesn't
have a laser sight or anything so I
could totally fucking miss and actually
this gun doesn't have four shapes but
gangster-style
cap them in the fucking back of the head
and so now like these characters now I
just have to move in it's very XCOM me
you have a certain number of movement
points and if you use your movement
points then you can't use your weapon
points you know it's it's XCOM on a 2d
plane but it's very light and it's very
simple okay and it's cute he plays these
like steam-powered robots and so that's
why I'm into it is mostly because mostly
because it's really cute I know there
are turrets popping up oh yeah they're
they see these red after this timer
counts down I'm gonna get turrets so I
have to deal with those but I think all
my characters are in here so I should be
able to deal with those so I'm not too
worried about these explosive barrels
next to me great guard guard
yep here come the dirts that's alright
so pop out on turn one and don't fire
until turn two okay so now I got time to
deal with the top turrets which I'm
going to this guy has a laser scope so
you can actually see like the
ricocheting path which is needs but like
I'm not moving his gun right now there
is like sway in his gun so you take a
little bit to actually aim and it takes
a little patience and you can miss if
you if you have a clean shot at someone
and fire he might sway so you're not
you're not touching that right now
yes it's going back and forth on its own
on its own yep there's a sway to it
you know what I want to really make oh
no I have another guy here this guy did
that hurt me shit I was too close to the
blast and the world I shouldn't have
done it I had I had an older guy and I
should have should have been smart I was
not smart they're rich Laura Arkin said
rich tell your younger self not to buy
and play the mass effect series you know
what it's it's valuable lessons about
trust not having it thinking thing about
this time traveling anymore I thought
about a little bit okay so as we talked
about it last sorry now this is a little
bit problematic since I wouldn't know
exactly where to go because partially it
would be in midair but if I could just
know something that happened in the past
I would love to know what happened to
dig deeper I would so love to know what
happened well I don't whose DB cooper
you never heard of DB cooper not I mean
not know DB cooper I believe is the
world's first airplane hijacking what
yes a 1950s mini early 60s guy wearing a
nice suit and tie and sunglasses mm-hmm
he gets on a plane and I was on the
plane for a little bit there and bitter
he hands the stewardess a note saying I
have a bomb and he has a list of
instructions and basically he wants the
the airline to give you $200,000 which
is a lot of money in like nineteen
fifties dollars okay so they they land
the plane uh-huh and he less like the
passengers go but not the the flight
attendants or the pilots and they bring
the money onto the plane does I think
you know they gotta take him seriously
you might have bombed yeah
not only does he ask for money he asked
for like five parachutes
so after they gave him the money and the
Paris parachutes him him and the
stewardess and the pilots he has them go
back up in the air
they fly somewhere I forget where they
were heading
but and the reason he asked for five
parachutes so they couldn't give a dummy
parachute because they thought he might
be jumping with them the flight crew
right said he couldn't give a false
parachute so at some point I'm away to
wherever he takes the money puts on the
parachute jumps out of the plane is
never heard from again and they don't
know if he died in the fall or what like
it wasn't like it was bad I know it was
bad weather to do a jump in yeah but
it's it nobody really knows what
happened to him why hasn't this been
made into a movie this sounds like a
great premise for a movie I think they
did it at some point like 70s okay this
sounds this sounds like a great story
yes so it's a your place in time in
history in midair to find out what
happened to DB cooper right you know
well if you're in the plane you're not
gonna find out what happens you can't be
on the ground you're not sure when he's
where he's gonna land exactly you're
where well then what you would want to
know is I would just want to know what
happened to him I guess ultimately if I
could if I don't have to be specific
yeah where he lands okay so you know
even if that's gently on the ground or
if it's just like a corpse she's gonna
plump cuz the berries you've never
opened I would want to know sure sir
there was no DB cooper the name in the
case he gave was Dan Cooper I know but
it was it ended up reporters DB cooper
for some reason why he's been referred
to as DB cooper and whatever the case it
wasn't as real goddamn name
I think they did find out like washed up
on a shore like somewhere not too far
from or a jump I think they found some
of the glaze they gave it could be that
like you lost some of the bills in the
jump yeah didn't necessarily die they
never found a body they did somewhere in
the same area they found the bills they
found a skull but it end up being like a
woman's skull and they don't know who
the fuck skull it was but it was this
sounds just fascinating which goes back
in time and becomes DB Cooper oh happy
ending I'm done with it see so you know
what so here's what you do if you can be
done specifically you go to the place in
which DB cooper lands if you land safely
then you know oh you made it in yen you
were a master criminal you lived life
and then you steal the money
and if he crash-lands then you know if
then you know he died in the landing
kind of a win-win situation when you say
that is a great story I'm shocked I have
not heard of this story before anonymous
says hey guys hi yesterday I ordered
pizza and ate the whole thing and have
felt sick and god-awful all day might I
believe that I've pooped about ten
pounds I don't believe that have you
ever eaten way too much and then
regretted it whenever somebody orders
pizza all the time oh all the time
part of a part of my diet is you know
incredibly healthy six days out of the
week and then one day I go to myself
that's my treat
that's my cheat day that's that's
actually part of my diet that's how I
lost so much weight
is a super healthy six days of the week
and then Saturday for me is my cheat day
and I'd stuff my face with all sorts of
garbage I get the worst food hangover
Sunday morning my body feels awful just
because I spent all Saturday shoving
garbage in my face I love it you know
what even even if you do something
simple like um like like a Weight
Watchers which is you know basically
just a way to calorie count yeah they
take that into effect so you can like
bank calories and like have like a cheat
day every week okay I know that's I I
know someone who who used who still uses
Weight Watchers has lost and kept off a
ton of weight there's there's very easy
ways to do it I'm dirty says I'm tardy
hey Jack
I long bag rich hey any of you guys seen
a shock ellipse yet it has some
hilarious action movie cliches I haven't
seen in a blockbuster in decades I have
not I haven't even heard of this a shock
ellipse Ashlock ellipse Ashlock
elongating schlock Ashlock ellipse
that's a good name
Shalaka letters I read that wrong at
first I thought it was there was a shock
a little Bozell oh I like the name I
don't know much about it
um novices hello jack and rich whoa I
just wanted to let you guys know how
much of an inspiration you are for me
I'm an aspiring crater and you guys
provide me with necessary spiritual
refueling thank you find your
inspirations all seriousness I'm glad to
be of service
dream dream never give up
have you seen the micro games he's got
series of videos on YouTube where he
tells people to give up on movies
because most people go broke and don't
the dreams don't come true and his
advice is find something practical the
new trades a little find something
practical you know that's not the worst
certainly not the worst advice I've ever
heard fisted bite dope smoke says DB
cooper was Tommy Wiseau
now Tommy Wiseau is an idiot Cooper is a
master criminal sorry Jen says what are
all the games you've got downloaded
they're under 3d yes downloaded actually
not too much so I downloaded steam world
heist yeah we downloaded the Phoenix
Wright trilogy mostly because I want to
say stare each and donated for that and
I downloaded pokemon yellow and oh there
was like a free pick cross which is you
know just a
casual game that actually I think that's
all that's all the games I have
downloaded and then I do have a couple
you know like I have a Zelda the new
Zelda you know this one you know this
one no I did the the link between world
linguist in the world I in my head I was
I was pantomiming putting in the
cartridge this one this Elden and I gots
I wanna say I got free when I got
something else or for really cheap like
an adventure time game that I have not
played yet which i think is supposed to
be like a ripoff of a Link to the Past
but with Adventure Time characters and
so but I never got around to playing it
that's fine if you're a huge adventure
time eggs yeah that's what I figured
I want you to blog and I get you to blow
up
you does one good heist make you a
master criminal find out the summer when
Rob Schneider reads heat under it you
know yes I did if one good heist if it's
a good house that's all you need but yes
you're only having multiple bad ice if
you are a bad criminal yes agreed agreed
yes all you need is one good heist and
then you are a master criminal if I make
a hundred million dollars in a heist I'm
not risking my freedom by doing that
shit over and over again
fucking retired right
fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck rich
things I'm not looking great virtue you
don't do it for the money you do it for
the challenge
nobody does that criminals are innocent
but your there's a it's a Hollywood myth
I'm gonna say I'm gonna go ahead and
agree with you I'm gonna go right ahead
and agree with your ribs plan enacted
I'm doing it I'm doing my plan and it
might be working
working ish working ich komm tardy says
I was asking about x-men apocalypse I
honestly thought I had gotten a schlock
ellipse from you guys Mike and Jay might
have said that I wasn't right I never
went with them and I wasn't on that half
of the black ellipse oh I get it I get
it
we haven't seen I haven't seen it I'm
not an x-men fan so I do plan on seeing
it soon and I haven't seen the best or
the best of the worst I haven't seen the
half in the bag because I haven't seen
the movie okay so I'm sorry that I
didn't get the reference
I usually if I watch a half in the bag
up on the movie I always wait until
after I see the movie I thought it was
just something I had never heard of
right it's a fun name we had we had
named them sure
I've got my screen zoomed in so the
stream just looks like a low-res talk
show oh you're just on us if you like
the worst talk show ever
just one guy one guy kept playing video
games during the talk this is a product
this is a great talk show well it's a
great talk show because we also over
here we also have you know the visuals
in the game happening until you know if
there's ever a law people can be like
what's happening in the game and then
immediately they look back to us this is
weird we look weird I don't know if I
like this but I kind of like this I'll
be honest with you I like I like that
the fact that the game is completely
unobstructed I do keep thinking about
making us a little a little template I
know people don't want it but like a
little templates are our tips and our
faces and our subscribers side yeah who
wants it nobody wants it yeah okay I was
gonna say no oh no or anyone none of our
viewers want that I want that so that
none of the game is obstructed ever yeah
just as a as someone who makes videos I
hated that we are over the game
well sometimes last time I asked the
channel over well overwhelmingly nobody
wants I know and I hear you that nobody
wants it I'm saying I want it that's
what I'm saying I hear you
so just get rid of the green screen what
would be behind us no we keep the green
screen we could put whatever we want
behind I mean well or we could get rid
of the green screen and that actually
would solve a lot of headaches the
shirts the wrong shade of blue exactly
we would never have to worry about
wearing anything green we could you know
put shit behind us or posters or
whatever want behind us right and then
more importantly you know like a lot of
times in games like oh you can't really
see behind us in the HUD yeah it's yeah
the health bar oh wait can we move us to
the other side of the screen now because
the highway I get it
it would make safe it's never a major
problem we just from the camel we're not
the Kay of the camp I think I like the
camera though as we discussed if I'm
watching a stream I'm more yep I am more
apt to continue watching a stream if
there are face cams
yeah I found the same to be true when I
started watching history yeah yeah
I'll shoot you in the robot deck is the
robot he doesn't have any use for a dick
this guy got a super awesome rocket
launching upgrade I'm very excited about
and I just murdered that other robot
with I enjoy it I'm enjoying this game
and enjoying the why do red letter media
never really review animated films well
we don't know nothing about no animation
yeah I mean that's that's a bad thing
that's part of it I know more about
making you know live-action stuff than
we do live action buy more I mean we
know nothing about making an animated
thing are there many that because funny
because they're bad animated films oh no
I also think also and they're talking
about like half in the bag yeah yeah
some people just don't like anime
why is been so Tom which I thought
you're going to do a quick cuts unfrozen
way back I forgot what I was gonna say
Tao I was gonna she's gonna bitch about
it like kids Marie I don't great
probably would have lungs in by the time
I thought of it already been in my out
for a while yeah
okay back on track
got all the swag we almost didn't food
fight a couple times then we still might
some eventually oh yeah it's not a shelf
it's definitely on our shelf along with
a lot of other things that's the problem
yep that is the exact problem a lot of
shit
my shit in these shelves you know
okay so now yeah in the game yeah so I
got my three guys here got you know this
guy over here this guy up here and I've
cleared the area and I've completed the
objective which is to gather all the
loot on the ship and I got this guy over
here my health is not looking too great
right now and I need to get all these
guys all the way over here over here to
the exit pod but there's two guys in my
lamp and these they these guys have
introduced a shielded gun which means
they have a they have cover everywhere
they go a little bit above or a little
bit below or you know ricochet yeah so I
am I'm planning so my Grenadier guy I
can get him here and that's cover and I
might be able to grenade them to death
but if not he has very low health and he
might die but I'd risk worth taking
maybe or I can wait for them to come up
the ladder but then they can take
potshots at my other guy I'm and then
the timer counts down more which means
more enemies come yeah I know and I know
they don't care I think I'm going to I
think I'm gonna hold back and wait for
them to come to me so chair what what
can you tell me about this honour -
apparently this opportunity I know you
still got to play the first one
I know because to me the main characters
gonna have the same voice as the guy did
the voice for these games know kind of
very interesting that hmm because cuz
dishonored is basically a thief game oh
there you go come up to me I might get
my spiritual sequel more guys more guys
fuck fuck I knew I should I should have
gone shit oh god made the wrong call Ron
call Ron call Ron call Miguel that's
what they call me
it's Stephen Russell doing the voice
like Garrett is what I want to know is
he doing the same fucking voice cuz I
know he's got some range Stephen Russell
what is he doing the voice like Garrett
it's all I want to know
sounds not gonna make it rich
someone is not gonna make it
was it gonna be who's not gonna make it
Louis help
ah one guy down I obviously I know the
voice actor I just want to know if he's
doing look you can like I could do
different language I'm right I'm doing
this wife now I want to know if Stephen
Russell is doing the voice he uses for
Garrett in his role in Dishonored
Jim I know the man's name and I know he
was the guy from thief I just wanna know
if he's doing Jared's voice as the
protagonist cuz then is that her too
because then in your head cuz then in my
head I'm playing real lengthy for I
could be wrong I've heard that Sivir
else is doing the voice from designer
too that could be wrong Tencent voice I
just got a shotgun this is my first
shotgun
and
I'm very excited about decided to and
the most tired sounding voice ever
oh we've completely lost them you know
what at least we apparently still have
their views ha ha ha ha that's all that
really matters
thank thank God for multiple tabs I'm
very name I'm sorry that we don't care
about this this whole III you know it's
not that we don't care about it we know
it's stuff will be revealed
well the things you don't know we're
going to be revealed
you can't be excited about all right and
it's you know we might announce
something amazing I don't know if they
will or they won't say wait who's who's
who's doing it right now is it Bethesda
is that why designer 2 is being talked
about is Bethesda dude
sure cuz that's who's the first one oh
okay oh okay so yeah it's the both of
the Bethesda livestream now all right
the riddle of Steel says decided is like
thief
except it's about merging peeps instead
of stealing ships I know I played a
little bit in the summer one I talked
about my fake framerate the old PC
dishonored one didn't have voice
protagonists so we don't know what the
voice will be yet where's so here's the
thing which is there's some background
there might be missing for people sure I
have heard and through the rumor mill
that Stephen Russell the guy who did the
voice for the main character Garrett
thief was voicing the protagonist in
deciding to make he was gonna get a
voice this time and it was going to be
him is what I heard which could have
been complete BS yeah but as a thief fan
and a sequel to a game that is very much
like I got very very excited about the
notion yeah yeah absolutely
Mahna Mahna do-do-do-do-do potatoes that
video food Mahna Mahna
stop getting excited you're supposed to
hate things well see the progress I hate
the wrong things and love the wrong
thing this is that's really true I've
been meaning to talk to you about what I
really talked you about that I think a
game that hates gameplay is boring shit
and that's wrong that is morally wrong
they do they hate uncharted 4 hates get
its gameplay
you know hates gameplay get out of the
way get it out of the way if only there
was a way to make the player see exactly
my vision for the movie they wouldn't
let me make because it was a derivative
Indiana Jones clone it's like I need a
boat to crash into them at this specific
point but if the player can actually
like drive the boat they might not crash
into that boat when I want them to and
that was my impression of the director
of Uncharted wait again oh my god I'm
done we didn't like uncharted 4 and I
apologize to anyone who I've insulted
yes not BS my main man Garrett is Corvo
ed Corvo attano
and the news says it's the same voice
I'm very late
they've also got Sam Rockwell Oh Vincent
de front I did it a few know Leonardo me
- oh and rosario Dawson nothing for no I
can't read things we know Vincent
D'Onofrio the kingpin I can't read
things the kingpins gonna be in it
I'm self-taught and I'm a self-taught
video Edgar ranked or he could be
playing Edgar or he could be playing for
as he played in adventures in
babysitting someone was wondering I
can't read that name Stu is wondering if
I'm a self-taught video editor or did I
go to college for anything no I did not
I did not I lasted one semester in
college all self-taught all self-taught
online tutorials are great and then you
just keep making shit until it starts
looking good but online tutorials help a
lot with the basics Oh could you because
my opinions are great at the time but
you reading might stop having wrong we
need to stop having the wrong things
yeah I I wasn't when I was in high
school going back to video editing I was
part of the a/v Club and we had some we
did we had some I think it was final cut
three at that time you know some early
early early final cuts that were janky
as all hell so I did learn a little bit
of video editing in high school but that
was taught to me by other high school
students like there wasn't an official
class on it we would just all get
together in the computer areas and teach
ourselves and now there's even more
resources there's a ton of free video
editing software out there to learn why
are you always saying that those games
are failed movie when those triple-a
titles ain't exactly cheap to make
because they're trying to be movies and
not games because right now the gaming
industry is making more money than the
movie industry the more people are
buying games than they are going to the
theaters to watch movies buying movies
at home and they're paying a lot more
for it what happens when you buy a movie
ticket rich you give $10 and
now in studio get a cup but so does the
theater exactly exactly
how much you pay for a movie game I'm
sorry how much you pay for a video game
after deals no like just the same
60 fucking dollars but but you gotta get
the season pass also the season pass and
you know what that's not and really if
you want like the customizable skins
it's like another 10 15 you know you
know what also I really want to get the
the special soundtrack Edition because
that comes with custom avatars for your
ps4 figure why don't why don't they make
all this money making games well well
this is this is the to answer your
question so these are people who could
not get their films green light because
the movie industry is is not taking less
chances on filmmakers they're they're
sticking to the big titles and so they
take their movie ideas and they go over
to the games industry because the games
industry is in an incredible boom right
now and they are throwing money again at
games makers okay so though yeah I'm a
story games maker I'm a games maker
gaming studio gaming studio so then and
so all of that's why people say failed
filmmakers is because the games industry
is in boom while the movie industry is
in decline especially for original IPs
what would it bother us less yes yes
this Kiwi is better than me if
developers started throwing interactive
story labels on these things
maybe maybe I've thought about that a
lot because I you know I've been looking
at the they just released some art for
the Batman telltale game cuz tell tell
tales just can't you can't stop tell
sale regular bat run or Lego Batman
regular bat regular Batman game telltale
game after the Arkham game so it's gonna
be much less fun but it's a telltale
again probably honestly much worse story
to well it's a telltale Games's gonna be
all story it's not a game it's an
interactive novel maybe maybe if they
pitch kit as that
what have they stopped even trying with
like the shooting and the platforming
that's a telltale yeah yeah whatever it
is they have like flat-out maybe maybe
you know what I have not I still
wouldn't enjoy them and I still think
it's fair to compute them it is not
being in you know fun experiences right
right well and it's like then like what
do you call them do you call them
interactive stories or do you just call
it a choose-your-own-adventure that's
all it is is it choose your own
adventure book it's it's I know I don't
want to be a cranky old man here
I really don't and you know you want to
encourage new ideas but the whole thing
about games is that it is an interactive
medium we we are not using a character
on screen and projecting ourselves on
that we are the character in the game
we are involved in the story and people
keep trying to take us out of that
involvement and that's what makes a game
different than a movie so you know but
I'm also a cranky old man it's a waste
go to Netflix pitch your movie to
Netflix they're buying anything right
now that meant they'll put they'll give
you a good producer and everything a big
gangbusters people watch on binge watch
your whole season just find out Netflix
has a new Voltron I don't have much
Voltron nostalgia but I might does the
idea of a Netflix exclusive Voltron
revival is so weird I might check it out
one our our consoles Jack and Rich yep
yep yep is there a possibility that you
would release the full first four hours
of some of your games personally I would
like to see the four hours of Dark Souls
3 and uncharted 4
I don't know maybe we don't film those
with the intention of releasing the
whole thing so we started like Target
about like things are going on and
people win those lives right you'd have
to cut crap like that out right that'd
be the only problem um maybe with you
Sarah's got the butt cancer oh it's bad
we were looking at prosthetic cheeks and
you know what also like there's just
long stretches pure silence I was laying
down during those cut sets where and you
know if it's a game with the cutscene we
stop and listen to the cutscene where
it's I and you'd have to deal with that
too so I don't know if that would be a
good idea but anything's possible
mister but don't smoke says Jack you're
the subject of you being awesome at
making videos yeah
totally awesome at what I watched your
Russian football kicker video recently
you can only describe it as brilliant
you too man
lol fuck my cock that's one of the
dumbest videos ever I love that but I
mean I think it's funny but it's wrong I
need to read it lol lol fuck my car fuck
my car
a little thank you thank you I excel at
montages yeah that was just a dumb video
you know I make videos with my brother
and he came up with this this idea about
kicking and it wasn't very like I was
like I didn't I didn't quite get it I
was like we need something else and so
then he was like no it'll be funny and
you can say like I'll kick for you and
we'll just make up all these jokes about
like the teams and I was like this is so
dumb
but I I enjoyed it I enjoyed it we tried
to make another one that I was
incredibly not in tune
a golfing one and it's if just the video
was terrible nothing about golf was
interesting well and you know I was
trying to do like trick golf shots
because with the kicker video I'm
actually making like the kicks and you
know we he we have a like we made a
little PVC goalpost
yeah like I'm making kicks they're not
great kicks but I'm doing something
there you know like I'm making the goals
and so I tried to do actual trick shots
with golf even though they were very
short trick shots and it failed and that
the the the Gulf video is good but
you're saying what you're saying is you
suck at golf yeah yeah I suck at golf
and also I think it was snowing like I
think we were trying to do golf in the
snow and then like we you couldn't see
the ball on it was an idea I was not
into in the first place then we started
filming it was terrible do they stop
making orange golf balls as practical as
they are or they just seemed deemed too
ugly that's a good that's a good
question I do not know
we'll have the gentleman's revolver
yeah yeah do I have anything else fancy
for you oh my hat wasn't rich my hat was
knocked off what you can look you can
lose your own hat
apparently I have to find a new hat oh
no you can't just pick it up that sucks
oh here we go I got it that's of rare
hats now I have that's just ass your
head is my hat it's my hat can't take my
hat jerk that's right now I am prepared
for this mission yes here we go now
we're ready now we're ready this is
probably gonna be the last mission cause
we're we're good yeah later we started
we did we did start early what boys yeah
that's our age 30 right roughly oh shit
yeah you're right great that's great did
that pizza was a mistake I need some
tums
tums her home all right ho you got a got
to get your your uh your tums stockpile
backup over here yeah yeah
okay okay wait kick down the door boom
it's apparently the only thing that
happened at the Bethesda III yeah what's
Dishonored - yeah well they go oh so
sorry we missed that whole live
conference oh gosh darn it it's my wait
what I mean what uh what did they fill
the rest of the hour with like what else
fluff did they talk about quick live
reboot the quake 3 obviously Dishonored
2 Elder Scrolls card game and afraid a
prty Elder Scrolls card game yes well
there you go people this is what you
wanted right
we miss all of their corporate talk oh
yeah
what am I gonna do without their
corporate talk did they announce that
they were fools not that I'm a fan of
DLC but if they announced that they were
fools for only planning multiplayer doom
DLC absolute fools
absolute fools it's madness I tell you
madness I mean everyone hates the MP
it's not gonna sell which I haven't even
touched by the way we did a review of
the game I haven't even I haven't even
turned on the do multiplayer because you
don't need to know you don't need to I
played it a little bit yeah and you know
what we also messed around with the with
the snap map this is the map maker a
little bit that maps has the weapon feel
which is good Oh
if you don't have anything to present
that's too interesting why book the
conference I spend the money all part of
the marketing flank flank motherfucker
it's you know it's part of the thing and
I'm sure like you couldn't go to the
conference and get a little bobble when
you talk to the people you know like
people love that shit people love that
shit rich diehards they got it they got
to talk to the diehard fan base get it
connected the young market you can't let
the brand fall out of the industries
they have enough IPS I think they'll be
okay they take it take an e3 off the
next time they announced a sequel to do
more fallout people will be shitting
their pants
well Busan will subside others roles and
this goes wolf ashamed Elder Scroll in
Stine
a crossover didn't crossover with
intellectual property like that you are
you're one press conference away from
instant hype yep yep yep yep III
one point does the crossover tune that'd
be great
right when they're close to running out
of money the you know the dragon
accidentally knocks open a portal to
Hell
I mean is it bad that I kind of want to
see this now like this sounds great
this sounds great the doom guy teams up
with some kind of barbarian or something
they fight dragons and demons and yeah I
mean yeah I check this out I want to
look
yep that was Elder Scrolls for rich no I
don't know nothing about no oldest opus
go back cover cover rich
dumi night takes an arrow to the knee
yeah but yeah but then he rips it out
and he shows it in the Cacodemons I
yeah that sounds great let's do it let's
do that what you just will just play
your thing that's well that's just
that's a 100% my planning no I've never
been to a Rob's on the concert Rob
Zombie's fine but I've never been to a
Rob Zombie concert burn to the bitches
and where do there is why do and in mind
dragon love I presume it would be two
out dragula Rob Zombie impression
it would you see would just be so down
around
here's the deal about decimals
I know where Django
which would you consider revisiting the
original quake now that you've had your
doom fix Ferb I'm sci-fi guy so I could
have prefered quick to to quake one no
either's fine quick to has the struck
just a dog
they're basically the heavy metal Borg
okay
this drag totally the heavy metal board
that sounds awesome
it sounds great I'm sory chances yep
Irish sorry to annoy but just wondering
when you'll be up for a Phoenix right
again asking cuz the improv is so good
and I don't want you for getting stuff
to avoid frustration later in the game
oh yeah that's true we would on the
calendar that will be coming it'll be
coming we're gonna we're gonna at least
finish the case I'll say that I don't
know how much into the you know the game
we're gonna get but now we should at
least finish the case mm-hmm I think
that would be nice
come on I just want to shoot the guys
listen don't even listen to this shit
English yes
but
sweet loot
sweet Luke Anton Chernobyl kinsmen 14
months in a row what I'm getting caught
up why not I got nothing to saying
you're just doing things I'm Cyrus
Boston technicolor 23 fucking months in
a row my turds are green and you're just
doing 18 months in a row
Abdo j23
fucking months in a row I asked rich if
he wanted to plain he's like yeah just
rather chat that means you get that
means you gotta come up with shit to
talk about thank you oh my god that guy
has a pony I see this is what I was
talking about look at this I'm leaving
off a dr. J what's going on what's going
on look at this oh whoa whoa okay one of
the bad guys just showed up with a
fucking unicorn hat look at you actually
want to wear the unicorn hat what I'm
saying is that is a crazy hat and we
were talking about hats earlier in the
game we're gonna shoot this hat off
we're gonna try to shoot this hat off
and not kill the guy because you have to
get the hat off first this that seems to
be pretty exciting this guy looks like
he has some sort of Rambo hair I wonder
if I could also get that hat you know
that Rambo hair is that your captain who
lost the captain happen no that's oh
yeah yeah you're right
that is not okay okay okay okay
what are we gonna do see look this guy
he's got like a gangster hat on we don't
care about that that's done he's got an
army head on this dump
who I did knock off a different hat okay
so wait this guy right you are my
sister's neighbor you know my sniper
yeah yeah got it
I got the head up great work jack
great work so I knocked the head off
boom now I got hats but he's also still
alive which does not do me much good oh
there are many more enemies yes oh well
there's well there's this guy who's
alive there's this guy who's alive and
there's this guy who's the big bad he's
alive plus there's a whole like section
of unexplored area but this is the
objective over here I believe
chatez read some thanks yet it's amazing
you've won them over okay I know what I
can do you've won them over because the
Bethesda conference is over I'll take it
you know what I'll take it how about
that
I here's what I can do this guy has a
running gun which means I can sprint and
then shoot but it's nothing like ex-con
it's called it exactly like like XM
several times
oh so that just saved my grenadiers so
this is a post-apocalyptic haberdashery
simulator yes it is exactly that
uh okay what do we do here whatever they
bring granny granny grenade grenade guy
over oh okay
shoot decade but over the barrel no fuck
fuck came back came back damn it damn it
damn it damn it damn it
grenades bones two grenades bones you
took damage I took yes I took some
damage
shit fuck cuz you know why cuz I was I
was calculating based off of also
wanting to pick up loot and that was
dumb I was done with me because I can
always pick up the loot after I killed
the guys okay he's not fucked yet but he
is close to fucked is there is reloading
a thing no no I do not have to worry
about reloading her nasally oh I can
definitely hit
well Stover Beefcake says if you can't
get on a roof it's not Mexico I have yet
we're in spaceships I have yet to be on
the roof well of the spaceship you are
also a robot yes so you could get on the
roof of a spaceship Oh rich you're so
right I could theoretically get on the
roof of the spaceship I have yet to
I can take care of one guy someone might
die it's quite possible that's some or
not rich oh oh
but the bounce shot this game but that
that looked fucking on me that was an
amazing shot that I just did that was a
I mean that was slop that was a lucky
shot
boom boom don't admit to that well no no
I was trying like I I thought like oh
I'll just shoot it here and maybe it'll
bounce how many fucking ricochets was
that - three three ricochets a three
ricochet shot for the kill oh that had
me at least four right because you
didn't throw too little and the thing
then I went behind him and then it hit
him I think maybe I don't know I don't
have to have an instant replay those are
it that's great it's - replayed now we
came through that live we can't do that
live into the live oh shit fuck that was
great that was great
I like this game I can see why people
like that XCOM so much you feel you feel
shmatte okay except for except for when
you're very dumb and I was very dumb
many times so we got we got main guy we
got this guy we got this guy I got my
sniper I got a shotgun
I got a sniper here shotgun specialist
guy with a regular gun and my grenadiers
oh here we go you have extra action as
you do fuck yeah fuck yeah okay
you'll kill him
shotgun specialist
save you for the last
shotgun specialist
he's did they
well okay one guy right now
grenadiers listen to me very carefully
do not bounce that grenade back to you
I just I need you just to hit the guy
and not bounce the grenade back to you
oh oh oh that I need slop I'll take it
slop it's what you do you say bingo got
it go Norwich you gotta call it you
gotta call it or it's slop bingo
I'll take it listen I'll take it
Oh interesting so now so here in this
room here if you look at the bottom
screen yeah this is our exit we're right
at the exit plenty of loot our fancy
hats right yeah and there is now a
countdown if you look at the top screen
every time the countdown reaches zero
the threat level rises which means is
more difficult okay
there's automated turrets more guys are
gonna show up but there is all this
black part of the ship down here on the
bottom screen that is unexplored could
have some more loot what do you think
right is it a lot of loot we don't know
we don't know what's over it but I mean
what you do have I've gotten a good
amount of loot in you know get you know
like how much is that one guy dying how
much is that gonna suck you back
can you just exit one guy no no you have
to exit everyone okay you have to exit
everyone and really if I if if a guy
gets killed the only loss I take if only
one guy gets killed is that one guy
doesn't love a lot okay that's it is
that bad is that how bad is that right
now on your situation
it wouldn't be terrible but it just
makes you less powerful for the next
mission of course if you keep going how
likely is it that people will die very
it is very very likely well you have to
weigh the pros and cons yeah some people
say go for the easy win but the Zippo
stream ends Jack
oh it's dress yeah go for it go for it
alright you know what how about this
I'll peek my head in okay
I'll peek my head in and just see can
you save No
well what I'm gonna do here I'm just
gonna poke my headed and if there's like
a ton of guys and a ton of turrets and
it looks like I'm gonna be super fucked
then I'll just run away how about that
okay
the doors right there on turrets
oh yeah that's good we can take care of
that one
no wrist over work you have to face dr.
Kuchar hunter hanker their anger creamer
TK says oh no rights
right doctor dreamer TK Rosco P Soul
Train says let me guess that guy died
and the other lady was naked no idea
they said that what what I don't know
what the fuck are you guys saying I need
you to think about that I think those
games so much they're watching Game of
Thrones yeah I guess I believe that well
you know what because that kind of
sounds like something that would happen
in green you can't get thrill everyone
you know what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
run away too many guys in turrets and
possibly someone's gonna die right now
get I'm running one I'm running away
because I want all my guys to live run
away running away will there be more 3d
streams
yeah we have a 3ds with streaming
capabilities we do where is it it's in
my hands oh no you're doing a Phoenix
right
soonish yeah that well I mean we're
gonna finish up that Phoenix Wright case
I hate I got this
I had to wait six fucking months for
them to mod my 3ds so it could have this
video out we will definitely be doing
more 3d streams I bought me one the
original plan got a kiboshed we're gonna
do talking about something
oh yeah no we got to we have to yeah
well you know so we could do it you know
we have to so we can do it for a regular
show yep or over for multiplayer stream
where they are whether good two-player
3ds games see oh look at that 63% of
swag vodka
you said there were a lot of Jews there
was a lot of dudes and I probably would
have died so okay and I got that cool
hat so I think I mean I made the
practical call is basically it oh I got
a rare item a freeze bomb
cool look at that hat look at that hats
I wouldn't be caught dead in that it's a
rare hat rich it's a unicorn mask head
hat that you can lose which is horrible
oh and I got an uncommon have to that
you know what that was a good hat run I
was an excellent hat run wouldn't you
say
yellow wouldn't you say that was an
excellent hat run rich that was great
that was great happy that's a great hat
run so many hats like all the hats you
know it's a cosmetic thing I can get
behind
I can get behind that get behind the
heads yeah okay you know well you got to
shoot them off it seems like actually
does seem like a fun thing to it it's
it's just fun like it doesn't do
anything I approve but you hate
blurp
and that Peola piercing shot fire shot
that pieces to a character that's a nice
gold level up the J ever get a response
from Jeffrey Combs did we ever hear
about this that's a good question
that's a good question no no just stop
this right now and I'm gonna check
Twitter right now to see if J got a
response from famous actor Jeffrey Combs
JJ did tweet it at Jeffrey Combs he had
a question he had a very important
question last night he he wanted to know
what the wattage was on the lasers
mounted onto the super bike in the movie
my phone quite literally as I was
looking this up just ran out of
batteries I don't know the Twitter you
do this I don't know the Twitter my
phone just ran out of batteries rich
right as I was looking it up J wanted to
know some very important information
about lasers he needed to know what the
wattage was the lasers on the super
motorcycle in the movie cyclone right
that Jeffrey Combs was in cuz he built
the bike
so last night he tweeted he said hey
Jeffrey Combs how powerful was the
wattage of the lasers on the cyclone
helmet please respond
hashtag cyclone and see here he is not
officially at least he has not received
a response from jeopardize forgotten
he's forgotten yeah so he has to go back
through his paperwork I know I know I
have the original schematic somewhere
here says Jeffrey Combs JJ never tweeted
at martin landau today unfortunate that
such a shape was alcohol involved with
to eat listen it when vessel worse when
best of the worst is happening assume
alcohol is involved somewhere somewhere
alright well that was steamed world
heist a game that i've been enjoying you
know you know what the other thing I
really like about steamer heist but as a
mobile game every ship is like 5-10
minutes and it saves after every ship
and so it's just like you can just do
one mission and wrap it up it's it's a
very nice handheld game very nice mobile
game did you know your head back
no a different character lost Oh another
guy had a captain yet yeah okay okay
that's the captain captain hat I stole
someone else's captain hat scrapper
captain hat okay that's my captain
captain can he lose his hat I assume so
I assume anyone that and it's a her and
oh and didn't know the gender on that
robot it's a robot can it lose its hat
yes I assume anyone can lose their hand
okay all right I left off at octo
you left off at octo J so how about
frauded and our Miller Telecom 22
fucking months in a row once again we're
taking screws atwater that collects all
the people who subscribed we love it and
we use it every time we stream and riot
crew collects all the information of the
party for fucking months in a row all
the people that subscribe to so it
doesn't break the flow of our
conversation ah
befo pot of us 23 fucking months in a
row I been xizt double zero
Jean Petco and Mathon 106 crunky dream
same space Comeau 21 fucking months in a
row not any scheme what before
hmm I'm sorry about that outburst jeez
dick to striker 1 1 21 13 months in a
row because movie machine gun fuck
collecting data 15 months in a row chaos
14:28 j kid oh wait
my name is tape 12 months in a row
happy anniversary
oh right sorry webs I for a moment there
I just got so caught up in like happy
University I was like what are we
talking about I forgot that we were
thinking subscribers for a moment sorry
about that
webs the web oh oh no God that left a
bad taste in my mouth
Jason K Cora a horrible glory eighteen
months in a row I've never done this
before
apparently I forget that rich also reads
the months and people your brain fried
for some oh and my brain is completely
fried
oz Mike seventeen months in a row thank
you so much for subscribing we really do
appreciate it it's true we really do so
Jack what about that III let's have a
bit
